In a word... "OVERRATED!".  The food took forever to come out.  The burger was WAY overcooked (Especially when I ordered it Medium Rare) and the Seafood Jumbalaya was Decent.  Not worth the price.  There are better places to eat in the french quarter.  It was not horrible, but for everything that we had heard about this place, I would have expected much better.Excellent.  Went there for lunch (the budget option).  Prix fixe menu was tempting.  Wife had the prime rib po'boy with the soup of the day (tomato fennel).  Both were excellent (the po'boy being an upscale interpretation, with gruyere and a really good horseradish sauce).  I had the seafood jamabalaya and seafood gumbo, also excellent (probably the best I've had).OMG! What an amazing dinner experience. A friend recommended this place and it was incredible. We had two of their signature dishes -- the BBQ shrimp and bread pudding. This is a fantastic restaurant with great ambience and fantastic service. Highly recommend it if you're visiting New Orleans. Their fried green tomato appetizer was a great way to kick off the meal.If you're looking for a great brunch place in New Orleans, definitely come here!
My boyfriend and I had brunch here on Sunday, and we loved it! We both started with the Brandy Milk Punch, which was divine.  If you are of age, order this drink!  It is an alcoholic milkshake, and I could literally go here just to drink that because it is so good.  
They bring out fresh bread and butter, and then my boyfriend and I ordered the trio of appetizers.  The trio is quite small, but it includes a duck springroll, fried chicken livers and a fried oyster.  The duck springroll came with a wonderful tangy sauce, which I greatly enjoyed.  My boyfriend enjoyed the fried chicken livers and the fried oyster, but those are not two of my favorite things.
For my entree, I ordered the shrimp and grits.  Oh my goodness... so good! The shrimp are bacon-wrapped, and the grits are true Southern grits.  I will definitely order this dish again when I get the chance to return.  My boyfriend ordered the fish of the day, which was blackened Mahi Mahi, and he loved it.  
Definitely go to Mr. B's!Excellent food, good service, great location. 
My wife had shrimp and grits, I had the barbecued shrimp -- both were outstanding. The appetizers were good. The bread pudding was a tad dry in the city that is supposed to be the mother lode of bread pudding. 
Mr. B came close to snagging the fifth star but the service could have been more attentive and the place is freezing - - in July in New Orleans. Wear long sleeves or bring a jacket.We had a mixed experience at Mr. B's.  We started at the bar for drinks and a starter due to table wait. Bar was nice for a busy night. Our table was ready early so the bar staff transferred our starter to the table and things went down hill quickly. Starters were delivered and then we were ignored for over 45 minutes. No drinks, water etc. Finally a waiter in another section took out order. We ordered BBQ shrimp (best thing on our table), rabbit and wood plank grilled fish. Fish was a very small piece and not worth the $$$. Rabbit was good! Hit and miss service ruined the experience.This place was definitely the best dining experience I had in NOLA during my week-long trip! My husband and I walked in without reservations during their Sunday Jazz Brunch. We waited about 40 minutes, but we had the music and ambience to keep us occupied. 
Despite the place being ridiculously busy, our server didn't rush us at all. He encouraged us to take our time browsing the menu and placing our orders- definitely one of the friendliest servers I've encountered. 
The food here was absolutely amazing! The complimentary bread and butter was very nice. My husband and I started off with the seafood gumbo, and it was delicious! Both of us had a sea bass entree and it was definitely the best fish I've ever had. The fish came with a side of green beans and this DELICIOUS sauce that could make anything taste great. We finished off with chocolate orange ice cream and creme brûlée for dessert. The next table over was raving about their bread pudding, so I'm guessing dessert is usually a hit all around at this place. 
The coolest bit about my experience here was that my husband and I got seated where Ronald Reagan sat on his two visits to Mr. B's (far left corner)- Reagan just so happened to visit on my birthday! 
Our bill came out to be $100+ but it was worth every penny. If I'm in NOLA again, I'm definitely revisiting Mr. B's.This place is amazing!!! There aren't enough words for how amazing the food is here. The BBQ shrimp are a must and if you're into truffle oil/butter flavors I highly recommend the truffle fries (more than enough to share) and the truffle butter filet mignon. For dessert the bread pudding and white chocolate brownie are both good options!Looking for a delicious New Year's Day brunch was hard this year in New Orleans. We didn't want to wait in line and wanted instant gratification. Although we may have felt tired, my bf and I were appropriately dressed to go to Mr. B's. As soon as we walked in, I felt transported into a different world. Jazz music was playing and I felt at home. 
First of all, I could not have been more grateful for the fresh loaf of bread we were given. We devoured it in a matter of minutes. Then came the gumbo ya-ya. It was spicy and savory and everything I expected from a gumbo. Finally came the bbq shrimp. We had been warned that these shrimp did come with their heads and tails on. Bibs were placed around our necks and we were off. The shrimp were some of the most rich and delicious ones I have ever tasted. The sauce they were served with was divine. Although it was messy, there is no other dish on the menu I would have traded for this.
Overall, service was friendly and quick at Mr. B's. The food was delicious, although a little pricey. Definitely try the brunch if you are able to.We had an excellent lunch here. The food was great and the service was fantastic. Great Gumbo Ya Ya, great BBQ shrimp, delicious crab cakes. Everything we tried was good. I highly recommend this place.The BBQ shrimp is amazing.  Be prepared to get a little messy if you order it.  They have the head on and need to be peeled, but it is well worth the trouble.  The shrimp are huge too.I've been geeked up all week about gettin back to New Orleans so I could come to MR. B's bistro!!! When I say the shrimp and grits are the best Ever.... I do mean ever! I killed it!  I truly wanted to lick the bowl! Just greedy! My husband got the filet and loved it as well! Don't come to NOLA and not visit this place!!! The service was great too! We sat at the bar and Larry and Joshua were our bartender/servers!Had the specialty BBQ shrimp and they were pretty good but didn't blow me away. Making the mess was fun and the sauce was well worth sopping up with the bread. What really impressed me about this place was the excellent and attentive service I got at the bar.Great spot for Sunday brunch. We were sat immediately, which is always a positive. The servers were extremely polite and kind. Our drinks were delicious and the food was great. 
I personally ordered the Petite Filet with the truffle scrambled eggs, was the perfect portion. My fiancé ordered their famous BBQ shrimp, very tasty but were a tad over cooked, was very difficult to remove the shells. When we mentioned it to our server she was very nice and even offered a complimentary dessert. Also ordered at the table were the Eggs Benedict and the Fried Oyster Sliders, they were also enjoyed very much. A tad expensive for breakfast but it was all very good. 
To finish our meal we ordered the Bread Pudding....amazing, also the White Chocolate Brownie was very good!! Overall a great experience. 
Keep in mind they also have live music for Sunday brunch!New Orleans use to be all about service. My wife and I were running a few minutes late because our 1 year old needed to be changed right as we left the house. Mr B's would not seat my father until we arrived. It is time for Mr B's to get with the times.Wow, the BBQ Shrimp was killer.  Definitely a must.  Ted and Dwayne did a great job as servers.    I would come back for sure.  The decor is nice and the atmosphere pleasant.Mr. B's.  Yes.  I was walking back to my car from ACME, when I spotted a fisherman who was parked and selling his fresh shrimp catch to a chef out on the street.  I took one quick look at his catch and found the most wonderful looking jumbo shrimp I had ever laid eyes on.  Not your standard jumbo, but real JUMBO.  Huge tasty looking shrimp!
I was compelled--even though I had just gorged myself on chargrilled oysters and a po'boy--to inquire about these shrimp of his.  I asked him, "excuse me, sir, where is the absolute best place to eat those shrimp of yours around here?"
His answer: "Mr B's, you have to try the BBQ shrimp there for sure"
Who dat?  Mr B's dat.  My convinced my coworker (which wasn't to difficult) to come with me to try the BBQ shrimp.  We quickly sat at the bar, as we had already eaten lunch, and requested an order of BBQ shrimp to share.
When the shrimp came to us, and we took that first bite (after peeling the shrimp, of course), we found ourselves in decapod heaven.  They were served swimming (no pun intended) in a delectable buttery/spicy sauce, which was truly amazing.  The smokey and spicy flavors of the sauce were infused into the shrimp, which is truly no small feat.  The best part about a sauce like this is that it seems to build in nuance and intensity with each bite.  Each shrimp, as a result, seemed better than the one just before it.
I was so amazed, that I returned the very next day for another order of BBQ shrimp, to be split with a different friend.  I take great pleasure in sharing the things I truly enjoy with friends, and what better way to do that than over a bowl of BBQ shrimp at Mr. B's?The food was excellent, no complaints at all there. I was very happy with the hostesses as well. The waitstaff was okay for the most part. I would have been more happy if they stopped by a bit more than they did.
Certainly a must visit when in the city.It is a good experience, so give it a try.
When you walk in you can tell it is slightly more upscale than its surroundings.  It's near the bourbon street area, and most of that are bars and entertainment.
Mr. B's is that white table cloth kind of place and the servers all look like they are in suits.  The atmosphere is nice, and fairly casual.
The food is pretty good.  They have a pork and fig entree...the pork was very tender, but there wasn't enough of the fig to really make a difference.  There is also a pork chop entree that is really good, but not as tender as the pork and fig.
The bbq shrimp was really good....they give you a bib so you don't splatter on yourself.  
They had a fish special of the night which was a drum....never heard of that kind of fish, but it was also really good.
Overall,  good place.  I recommend trying itGumbo ya ya ...... most excellent!  The best!  A Texan in our party said it wasn't the real gumbo...how does a Texan know that?  We listened to our tastebuds and they over ruled her.  
Get the Gumbo Ya YaThe service here is pretty fast, seemingly even on at prime dinner time of 8pm. The portions for the main course that I got seemed small - but if you get an appetizer either to share or on your own, an average person should be in good shape. 
For the table we got an order of the Truffle Rosemary Parmesan French Fries, which were very flavorful. It had a nice earthy truffle taste, balanced with the saltiness of the Parmesan, and rounded out with the rosemary. 
Main course was the Bacon Wrapped shrimp with Stone ground Grits. This was exceptional - and was probably the best 'shrimp n' grits' i've had in NOLA. Shrimp was perfectly cooked, with a crisp piece of bacon wrapped around it. It stayed crispy even on top of the moist, decadent, and flavorful cheese grits.Great food & pleasant service.  Would order any of our dishes again & staff Robert & Gregory were both very entertaining but not overbearing.TWO THINGS: best SHRIMP N GRITS I've ever had (I live in TX) and best PECAN PIE I've ever had (literally melts in your mouth). 
That is all!!!!Good service in a relaxed, yet upscale atmosphere.  The Gumbo Ya Ya and bread pudding are highlights.Dined here because a friend kept telling me that the BBQ shrimp was a must! We made a reservation and specifically told the receptionist that we will have a baby in a stroller. When arriving right on time for our 6:30 reservation on Friday 07/17/15 the hostess had this mean face. I informed her that we had a reservation and provided her the information. In a not so friendly tone she asked me if everyone was present. We informed her no, but they were on their way. The door to the restaurant is one of those spiral hotel lobby doors. My dad didn't know how to get the stroller inside. The male hostess walked to the door and was informing my father to go around. When I saw they were here, I walked up to the mean women and informed her my party was complete. She watched with an even uglier face on as my father walked in with the stroller. She ignored me as she was watching him and I repeated twice that my party was complete. She finally decided to talk to me and informed me that the stroller cannot go by our table. I then replied that I specifically informed the receptionist about the baby. At that moment the hostess raised her hand to my face to tell me to stop. I was shocked and wanted to hit her hand out of my face. However, being in a nice place I kept it in and just walked away. The male hostess sat us at a table that had booth seating. He pulled the table out for some of us to slide in and he walked away! So the rest of the party pushed the table back. I then was telling my family how shocked I am about our dinner experience starting the way it did. Mr. B's is a more upscale and nice restaurant and I didn't feel the southern hospitality at all! I had better service the night before at ACME! 
Our server Kevin & Renata then greeted us but being so heated I asked for the manager. EJ (Manager) came and I informed him of what happened. He offered to buy us our first round of drinks (which was very nice, but was not necessary). 
Kevin & Renata were amazing! They turned our dinner completely around the recommended amazing dishes and treated us with respect. They both are great assets to Mr. B's restaurant. I dont leave 40% tips often, but when I do it's well deserved!
We ordered 
Appetizers 
1-1-1 soup
Sampler 
Entrees
2 BBQ Shrimps (AMAZING)
Butter Truffle Filet (meat was good and very tender)
Crawfish Ravioli (it was yummy but not as great as the other dishes)
Bacon wrapped Shrimp & Grits (delicious the grits were so soft and melted in your mouth)
Soft shell crab (yummy perfectly cooked not to hard and dry)This restaurant came highly recommended & it did not disappoint. It was exactly what I wanted from a NOLA restaurant. The wait staff was very attentive & professional, the food was exceptional & the timing the food came out was perfect. When I went in Sept they offered a restaurant week menu for $35, with a plethora of options to choose from. I started with their fresh crab app baked in a butter sauce with almonds. The crab was fresh & crisp & the lemon butter sauce was so fabulous, I had to dip some bread into it. For a main course I had their blackened & seasoned tuna served medium rare. It came in a delicious creamy pesto like sauce that complimented the tuna very well. For desert, I finished with their pecan pie with vanilla ice cream...easily the best pecan pie I have ever tasted, I could tell it was made at restaurant, absolutely phenomenal. I love that the chef recommends certain a wines with each dish too...the wine I had complimented the food well. 
I can see this place getting packed, so we went early. I would suggest getting a reservation & if you're not into crowded/somewhat loud places, this isn't your type of place, but if you're in the mood for some great NOLA style dining, definitely check it out!Our very foodie friend Marc recommended 
Mr B's as one of his top 3 in NOLA. We had a truly delicious dinner at KPaul's the night before, and we had high expectations. We walked in with a conference group of 6. Restaurant was fancy and crowded but they were able to seat us right away! Everyone enjoyed. The gumbo appetizers, 3 soup sampler, artichokes, and fried oysters were amazing. Best fried oysters ever. Huge pork chop. Red snapper delicious but portion a little small. Nearby tables had their famous shrimp--looked messy and tasty. We tried 3 of their desserts--all good, especially pecan pie. Three amazing servers for our table--very attentive. Definitely worth it.Was our best meal in NOLA. Fantastic gumbo and the BBQ shrimp is fantastic ... Different than I expected as it Comes in a bowl with fantastic tasting BBQ sauce which was consistency of soup. The give you bread to soak up the fabulous sauce. In New York when u order BBQ shrimp you get shrimp on a skewer with a thick BBQ sauce lathered on top. Me B version far superior. 
Great meal and great  service.Mr B's BBQ shrimp is of my favorite things to eat in NOLA. For those of you uneducated in this dish, it has nothing to do with BBQ. Weird, right? The large head-on shrimp are simmered in a rich sauce of butter, Worcestershire sauce and Creole seasoning and served with French bread. The flavor in this dish is beyond incredible, and after the shrimp are all eaten I'm sopping up every last bit of sauce with the bread.
For the rest of the review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/A great option in the French Quarter for good food and service.  Everyone was happy with their meal and the well-priced wine.  Only flaw was the terrible dry reheated bread with the over salted butter, skip that to save room for the meal, which, like everything in New Orleans, is not light.  Not the classic New Orleans dishes for the most part but brings in the flavors.  I had the crab cake and the red fish, both delicious.Lunch is the best deal in town and it is our favorite resturant in New Orleans. Great service.I cannot believe I haven't written a review for my favorite restaurant in Louisiana! Seriously, if I was on death row, the BBQ Shrimp would be last thing my taste buds ever enjoyed. I highly suggest wearing the bib they give you - unless of course you like to wear your dinner proudly. 
Even if you aren't a shrimp fan, their filets are always cooked to perfection and their gumbo is delicious. 
Don't forget to grab a cocktail too - their Bloody Mary's will save your life. 
They even have a room in the back for private parties - which is great for rehearsal dinners, graduation parties, etc. 
Mr. B's is the B's knees!Best shrimp and grits I ever had! I had read reviews before going and some were negative. Decided to try anyway and glad I did. The wait staff was wonderful and so was our dinner. Wine list is somewhat limited but had a glass of viognier with dinner. Yum!  They're a little overpriced but I would go there againLet me start off by saying the BBQ shrimp at Mr. B's was the single best plate of food I had while in New Orleans. Spent almost five days there, and didn't enjoy any dish more. 
Staff was really friendly and we enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant. Felt like we were in a throwback New York joint. 
The only reason I'm not giving them 5-stars is because the crab cake, although mostly crab, was not very flavorful and overpriced for just being a single serving. 
So, if you want BBQ shrimp, I'd recommend this place 11 times out of 10.In town on business. Great food. Fried oysters, lamp chops and dessert were all A+, coming from a New Yorker. Reasonable prices. Great service.If you go you must try the barbecue shrimp delicious!! you get about 8-10 in a special sauce you eat them with your hands and a bib if you want to stay clean. (Highly recommended) the red fish was awesome as well. Classy place best service in New Orleans they pick up the plates from your table as soon as your done eating it's like they were watching me eat freaky but great :). Go here!!Make reservations!!! That is the most important thing about this restaurant. The food was a little better than average and the portion sizes were substantial but it certainly was not out of this world. We ended up going to the restaurant on a Saturday night after our first choice was so booked that we did not want to wait hours for a meal. However, we were fooled by the hostess at the restaurant. We we arrived we were told that the wait would be about 45-60 minutes, which was okay for 7pm and not something that would be unusually. Well as we sat and waited we noticed that everyone that came in after us no matter how many other people put their name on the list it was always 45-60 minutes. The wait time was never adjusted for the people that came after we did. So we ended up waiting almost two hours for a table. My wife ordered the red fish dinner and I ordered the steak dinner. After we ordered I joked with my wife that they might run out of food which was the wrong thing to do because they did run out of the steak. I do not run a restaurant but I find it very strange that they would run out of a staple dinner on a Saturday night when it was not on special. So I had to get the pork chops. Well while my wife's dinner was good the pork chops were so dry that it needed a sauce or something to make them edible. Also I got about two spoonfuls of rice and three measly carrots. If it would not have been so late I would have run to a McDonald's in order to get some more food to eat. We were also give only one loaf of bread and were never offered or asked if we wanted another. Honestly I think there are better places to eat in the area. I found it to be over priced and pretentious.Impeccable service, our servers Robert and Wade were excellent. The food was so delicious from the Mr. B's shrimp, garlic chicken to desert. Highly recommend making a visit here.The food is not bad (Though for the price you can do far better in NOLA), but the waiter ruined our experience here.  I think his name was Stephen, but can't remember for sure.  My wife asked him if they had any non-alcoholic cocktails because she is pregnant, and he talked to her like she was an idiot, and acted very put off.  When she did not like the daiquiri because it was too sweet, he replied "well, it's a daiquiri". 
Then, trying still to be nice, even though he was raising his nose at my wife, I said "Do you have anything like a martini for pregnant women?" And he said, "I mean, we have juice..."
I'm alright with the fact that Mr. B's hasn't jumped on the wave of hip restaurants that  understand that when you are pregnant, you'd still like to have unique cocktail option (who the hell is still serving daiquiris?), but the dude was just an ass about it.  It's not often I spend 250 dollars on a meal and get insulted.    
 He was generally short and put off by us the entire night (every 15 minutes when he would happen to come over to our table... we had reservations at 5:30, he didn't take our order until 6:45).  
Anyway, I hear there is good brunch at Mr. B's, but I don't think we will be going back.  There are too many great restaurants (We went to Coquette for dinner the next night, and it was amazing, and the service was excellent)  in New Orleans, and this place is top level price for mediocre food.Philippe wanted more BBQ shrimp. Not only did he get it here (with the head on!!), but he also got great gumbo-the Ya Ya-as well as excellent cocktails. The 201 drink with bourbon was divine. Martinis were a $1.50!! The service was excellent too. Places need not always be trendy and hip. Most often, simple and elegant food with good service wins!A-List. This place is busy and for a few good reasons. The food is excellent. The $6 a glass house red was also excellent. Their bread pudding is the best I have ever experienced. The service was solid and a bit hurried as mentioned in some of the posts. There are a lot of out-of-towners here to be sure. What makes this place special are the locals who I spoke with at the restaurant who drove in to wait in line to eat here. That tells me things are pretty good at Mr. B's. Yes, it is expen$$$ive. Glad to have visited this place.Great food. Enjoyed everything and the staff was amazing. 45 min wait for the table and the priciness warranted 4 stars.I ate here with a work group, table of seven, and it was beyond fabulous. From service to apps to mains to desserts. The only thing wrong was stomach size!!! We had two very attentive servers. All of our orders were recommended. We ordered three different shareable apps for the table and I honestly can't recall which three because they were gobbled up. One guy ordered shrimp and grits, I ordered the diver sea scallop app, and the others all ordered barbecue shrimp. My scallops practically melted off my fork. Devine! We all got a spoonful of grits which were beyond fab. And I ate at least 1/3 of my neighbor's shrimp. We had to get extra bread to sop up the goodness left over.  Ordered three absolutely fabulous desserts to share as well. I mean I'm glad I had a small plate so I could help others clean theirs!!! When in NOLA, do it in style.Oh man! This is the best BBQ shrimp I have ever eaten! The bread pudding is creamy, crispy edged deliciousness! Our server, Ishmael, was the cream of the crop!Had a great time here. Moderate wait at the bar - but we did get there pretty late. Our first table was freezing and the waitress was beyond rude. We asked to move and the manager could not have been more accommodating and understanding. The replacement waiter, Quentin was the real deal - he was knowledgeable, attentive and kind. We all had the red fish for our main course which was amazing!!! Bread pudding and profiteroles for desert did not disappoint. Great time with great company in a lovely restaurant - overall a perfect first day in NOLA.My partner and I went here for dinner on our first night in NOLA! It was simply amazing! Attentive and friendly staff, great atmosphere and of course best of all the best food I've ever eaten! My partner had the soup of the day which was leak and Brie followed by the pork cutlet. He said it was the most amazing pork he has ever eaten! I had theses food gumbo followed by the BBQ shrimp... The BBQ shrimp has to be the best thing I've ever eaten! I love that they delicately put a bib on you and then you dig in! Honestly if you eat one thing in NOLA it had to be Mr B's BBQ shrimp!!!!Slow service but friendly staff. Customized veggie pasta for my husband. I liked my shrimps. My friends took gumbo and oysters nd were not big fans. But the angel hair pasta with shrimp was pretty good. the best part was the bread pudding. Overall decent place. Not a place I would go again though.As a foodie I don't feel as though an establishment has to suffer a poor rating based on service. So .. As far as food is concerned  I ordered the Garlic Chicken with Rosemary .. It was fantastic . The Duck Spring Rolls were delicious . My friend ordered the highly recommended BBQ shrimp which were phenomenal,even after the shrimp were finished we kept dipping the French bread in the sauce .  Downside : we waited an hour for food and about a half hour for a table which is ok I guess were not impatient THE PROBLEM . Our server ALTON took our order and never said anything else to us for the remainder of the night .. It was weird and awkward .. He never checked on us .. He never gave us any food updates .. He didn't even ask us "how was everything?" "Would you like dessert"  there was a waiter who wasn't even our waiter who put the BBQ shrimp bib on my friend . We paid and talked to the manager . Sorry ALTON this was easily the worst service I ever had so .. Takes nothing away from the food . Only the dining experienceService is impeccable. Ate at the bar and Larry delivered some of the best service I've ever had anywhere. Other servers were great too! The food was delicious. I went back for my second visit to the city just for the BBQ Shrimp, and it did not disappoint the second time around. I also had the gumbo ya-ya and pecan pie, but the BBQ shrimp outshines. Great experience here, definitely plan on enjoying a meal or two here when I'm back in Nola!The BBQ Shrimp was totally the BEST dish I have ever eaten!! Mr. B's does not miss a single detail in the dining experience.  Everything was done to perfection. I cannot wait to go back!!!Gumbo Ya Ya Mmmmmmm smooth creamy dark rue, set along a side of crispy fried oysters they were perfect. Miss Jennifer had Duck spring rolls great as always. As with most eating establishments, the staff can make all the difference. I have been eating at Mr B's long before I could reach the bar. So knowing s good bit of the staff is great. That being said Mr. Dean at the bar is our number one reason to dine at Mr B's. I know, yes the food is excellent. Hehehe.It was raining and needed to eat a bite before we left town and we found Mr.B's on Yelp. We were lucky that we went there way past the lunch rush and so it was easy to get a table. And the food, oh my! As a vegetarian, I was resigned to eating a salad. I started out with eggplant sticks, which were not bad. To be fair, the waitress offered a veggie linguini and I was not sure if I wanted to order that because I try to avoid pasta/wheat even though I don't have celiac. But my son ordered fettucine with veal and one look at the fettucine, I wanted the pasta! He absolutely loved the veal. My pasta was oh so fabulous. It was tossed in lemon butter sauce and the vegetables were plenty. 
My partner ordered the BBQ shrimp and he thinks it is his best meal on this entire trip over the past two weeks. Order the shrimp. What else is there to say? The sauce it was served on was delicious, buttery and nicely spiced. It is not at all what you think when you think of barbecue. 
The only disappointment was the bread pudding. Perhaps we were too full to appreciate it. Perhaps another favorite bread pudding from  a different restaurant spoiled us. It was just okay.  Overall, a fantastic meal and a fantastic place.Mr.B's has seen better days. Service is lacking (we reordered bread and never received it, Wine was brought to the table well into the main course, my soup was almost cold).
The food is still good, but they really need to work on getting the service to the level it used to be.Great lunch experience while in New Orleans! All the staff was quick and extremely attentive, Renata provided me with great recommendations.  would definitely return and recommend to others.My first trip to New Orleans, and my first meal here. Ordered the fried green tomatoes and Crawfish Pasta, husband had the seafood gumbo and the Mr.B's Barbecued shrimp. Before I even get to the food, let me just say that the service here is impeccable. We had 3 different people waiting on us. Normally, this is a mess, but at Mr B's, they all communicated with each other. We got our food quickly (drinks took a little bit longer but we were hungry so we didn't care) and thy apologized for that. As soon as you leave for the bathroom, one of the waitresses comes over and  folds up your napkin-Michelin star style. The MrB's BBQ'd shrimp was my favorite, very smoky and peppery and full of flavor. Hey also provide warmed bagged bread. The bread pudding dessert was also great!Great spot in the heart of the French Quarter. Do yourself a favor and don't consider ordering anything other than the BBQ shrimp. If you look up the recipe, it's shrimp that's DROWNING in a flavorful butter sauce and, as you'd expect, it's AMAZING. Worth a stop for lunch or dinner when you're in NOLA.What a cool restaurant. Old school New Orleans. I had the grilled shrimp app, bomb... the gumbo, very good. And the truffle butter filet. One of the best steaks I've ever had!!!! Service was excellent. Highly recommended.Another Brennan's favorite, of course.  We went for brunch on Sunday as a little treat.  Service is tops.  Food is amazing.  We even had dessert because we could not resist.  Palace Cafe is nice as well if this place is full for brunch.My girlfriends and I came here later for dinner one night after a long day.... our waitress was amazing and accommodated some of the groups picky tastes. I wish I could remember her name! Maybe Renata? Loved her!This is probably my favorite restaurant in the States.  Partial emotional (as that is where I met my husband) but more than that, their shrimp and grits are LITERALLY to die for.  I had them on a first date with my husband and asked him "do you mind if I lick the bowl?"  I woke up dreaming about them.
Every time we go back to N.O. We make reservations there and it has NEVER failed to please!!The BBQ Shrimp and bread pudding was amazing.  We had the Pear Cosmopolitan (2 of 5 Stars) and the Blood Orange Margarita (3 of 5).  The service was excellent.We made Sunday lunch reservations in anticipation of a jazzy/boozy brunch. There was a live band but it wasn't quite jazzy and the music was drowned out by the loud conversations. The food was delicious though and the staff was attentive.
+ Seafood Gumbo: you could treat this soup dish as an entree since the portion size is a full bowl and it comes with rice. Lots of seafood but beware of the cracked shell pieces you may have to fish out. The gumbo was pretty good; it has a bit of a kick and was an overall very hearty soup dish. 
+ Soft Shell Crab: I almost cancelled this order when I saw the size of my seafood gumbo but since the waitress highly recommended it, I thought I would power through lunch and then follow that up with a power nap! :) The soft shell crab was my favorite at Mr. B's Bistro. The crab was nice and crunchy on the outside, seasoning was just right as you can still taste the crab meat. Tender pieces of crab.. I was so full from the gumbo but I just couldn't stop eating the soft shell crab!
+ Shrimp & Grits: The bacon wrapped gulf shrimp was delicious. I was so tempted to order this dish but just had shrimp & grits the night before. Creamy grits with good sized shrimp.. and that bacon made it even better! Perhaps a mention of bacon should be included in the name of the dish rather than just in the description. Yes, knowing there's bacon would make the dish sell better.. at least that's the conclusion our lunch party agreed on.
+ Bob's Coffee: similar to Kahlua. I found it a bit too sweet for my taste. 
The seating setup was a bit odd, for a party of 5 there were 4 chairs and the head of the table sat on a booth seat. Not too much room in between the tables. In case you're looking for the restrooms, head to the bar and go downstairs.Fantastic food and service! Gumbo ya-ya was delicious, as was the braised rabbit. Also, martinis were excellent.Great place for dinner. Super fast seating. A server we had named Nell was absolutely above and beyond. Food was super tasty, the menu is simple, a little of everything but worth the price.Two years later and still just as good as I remember it.  This was our final meal in NOLA and we wanted to go out on a bang.  Thank you Mr. B's for making it happen.  We each ordered the lobster bisque for starters, that came with a freshly baked baguette and whipped butter.  All I can say is that I am happy that I ordered the bowl and not the cup!
By this time, we were shrimped out, and though I really wanted the BBQ shrimp, my friend and I opted to order the special of the day, which was Amberjack with a olive tapenade on a bed of mint rice.  The fish was moist and flakey, though it had a steak-like thickness.  The mint rice was such a nice compliment to the saltiness of the olives.
We ended our meal with the bananas foster.  You can't go to NOLA, without partaking in this local delight!  It was the perfect end to a perfect meal. 
Again, THANK YOU MR. B's!One of the best meals during our NOLA trip. The servers have on bow ties and jackets and the furnishings are sort of Great Gatsby like. I had the filet mignon with spinach and garlic potato rounds-AMAZING! The spinach and potatoes were the best I've had. The filet however wasn't the best piece of meat, even with the truffle butter. But nonetheless it was still good, I've just had better. My boyfriend had the pork chop and LOVED it. But the carrots were underdone which was disappointing. We even got a free banana pudding because there was a mix up in the kitchen. It was absolutely delicious-melted in my mouth. Giving it a 4 because the service could have been a little better.I am giving this restaurant my highest rating even though I only had one dish- the famous bbq shrimp.  I had heard about this dish for years but only recently got around to trying it at Mr. B's.  Wow...where have they been all my life?  I could not get enough of that messy goodness, and the shrimps were huge and perfectly cooked.  After using up the French bread slices that came with the plate I took some from my wife to continue sopping up the sauce.  It wasn't diet food and I didn't care.
My wife had a plate of the truffle, cheese, garlicky fries and loved them.  We did not have a reservation but were able to eat at the bar, where we got attentive and friendly service from their excellent bartenders.  I will go back, but I'm afraid that all I will ever want are those shrimps.Just ok.  The best part about this place is the service.  I give it  but I probably will not rush here nor recommend this place to friends visiting NOLA; unless they are looking for a great building that is clean, staff that is attentive and service that is fast.  
I started with the Soup 1-1-1 which was Gumbo Ya Ya, Seafood Gumbo and Soup du Jour.  The Ya Ya was  a bland piggy broth.  I took one sip and pushed it to the side.  The Seafood Gumbo was typical, nothing spectacular.  The Soup du Jour was potato and was good.  Honestly, I've had better soups in the Midwest.
My main entree was shrimp and grits which totally made up for the Ya Ya.  The grits were super creamy and delicious and the shrimp were huge.  Definitely a good choice.
For dessert I had the bread pudding which was meh.  I've had monkey bread that was better.
I grew up on southern food so perhaps I'm a tough rated but I wasn't overwhelmed.  If you are looking for a safe bet for dinner, go here.  If you want to be wowed, keep walking.Excellent omg the BBQ shrimp sauce with the bread is excellenta (I made up that word). We were walking in the area and we were told by our dentist to stop in. I am so glad I remembered the name. The Bloody Mary was also really good. The staff is amazing so very good. Come in hungry or not you will find something good. I wasn't even hungry and I had to dip the bread in the sauce. After our meal they gave us the best hot towels.My family and I had a reservation here on a Saturday night (which I highly recommend), and we all enjoyed our meals! It states business casual as the recommended attire, but there were people who dressed casual. The staff are all nice and accommodating.
After we placed our orders, we were given complimentary French bread and butter. I tried not to get full from it, but the bread was too good! Some of our orders included: honey glazed pork chop, bacon-wrapped shrimp and grits, gumbo, burger, filet mignonette, and crab ravioli. Everything but the burger was a hit. My father-in-law thought his burger was a little dry, but he ate it all anyway...which states that he liked it in a way? When my mom's gumbo was too dry, the waiter gave her another gumbo. 
The place is a symbol of great dining. I would recommend this restaurant for those visiting NOLA. Since it takes reservations, it is advisable to do so!We have been to Mr Bs tons of times, unfortunately I will be labeling them as the next great restaurant who fell victim to commercialization. I'm appalled. Worst service I've ever had in a restaurant. The quality of food I will say was exceptional, minus burnt gumbo (southern ppl can tell dude). When we asked to speak to the manager to tell him about the service, complete JOKE! Managment is where it starts. MR Bs owners should be completely embarrassed. We will be spending our money at the other restaurants that haven't sold out to commercial life. Almost ruined our New Orleans trip. Shameful.Great food and service with a nice menu selection. Had the Bacon Wrapped Shrimp with the most amazing Grits (found out they have Marscapone Cheese in them). Also their Gumbo Ya Ya (with chicken and andouille) was amazing.How can something so simple become so hard? 
Ducked into Mr. B's for a quick lunch at the bar. I ordered a Mr. B's luncheon salad (dressing on the side) and a catfish fingers app. The salad came WITH dressing; the overly loquacious bartender was at the far end of the bar, regaling diners there with the tale of his losing another customer's credit card earlier in the day, and despite my efforts, I was unable to get his attention. So, I ate the dressed salad. Twenty minutes later, the bartender finally came by, and asked if I had received the catfish fingers. I had not.
The bartender ducked into the kitchen, came back, and assured me that a fresh order of catfish was being made for me. Waited (in vain) for another 30 minutes. When I had been waiting a total of 50 minutes and had still not received my food, I asked for a check (minus the catfish) and a manager. The manager heard my story and professed to be astounded, and he assured me he was going to investigate in the kitchen as to what went wrong. Then he jumped up and left.
Anytime that I've experienced a restaurant malfunction of this magnitude, I've been offered some measure of hospitality. Neither the bartender nor the manager cared enough to offer me a drink, a dessert, or any other compensation for the time I wasted trying to have a simple lunch. What a supreme disappointment from what I thought was a high caliber operation.Visited Mr. B's on the last night of a bachelorette party. Walked in at 8pm with 5 people and were seated immediately. It is definitely a splurge, but well worth it. Between the 3 of us we ordered a moderately priced wine, 3 filet's (you can change around the side orders if you want. The potatoes and asparagus were awesome.) Another friend ordered the pork chop, which was about 5 inches thick, and came with a soy/ginger sauce. I wasn't impressed with the pork chop but the filet was a great size and excellent. Only thing I should have requested more of the sauce that came with it as it was great as well. This was a great dining experience and I'm looking forward to going back on my next NOLA trip.The French bread is crusty an warm but... Ice cold butter? Seriously!
Their shrimp & grits meal is a sauté of applewood smoked bacon wrapped jumbo Gulf shrimp served with creamy stone ground yellow grits and red-eye gravy.  Overall, the dish was flavorful and creamy. The shrimp were plump but the amount of grits was severely lacking; as if a shortage had occurred. That's NOT a good thing when the meal costs $27. Not worth it.
For almost the same price, but a far superior shrimp & grits meal, visit Café Adelaide: Shrimp on Shrimp & Grits: dried shrimp crusted shrimp, grilled oregano red grits and absinthe-basil beurre vert for $26.00.I have never felt as compelled to write a review of a restaurant.... I have never written one before... But this place is THAT good. I loved the entire experience I had here. It is lovely inside, really a great place for a date night or dinner with friends.  The staff was so kind and made me feel right at home. I was checked on a perfect amount of times - not too often, but definitely never even had to think of flagging somebody down to get something I needed. I ordered the truffle butter filet, which was cooked just perfect to my specifications. The sides that came with it were also cooked well and seasoned just enough. For dessert, I had the hot buttered pecan pie, as suggested by a staff member here, which was to die for. I plan on coming back before the end of my trip to enjoy this meal one more time!Your mouth will never be the same once you try Mr. B's BBQ shrimp. I read the reviews and heard the ravings and to be honest I went in skeptical because yelp reviewers let me down 9/10. But this...this is the real deal. You will try this dish and forevermore be changed, never being able to eat BBQ shrimp anywhere else again. You'll spit on those dishes that try to claim they are BBQ shrimp. One of the very best things I have eaten so far in my culinary adventures. I dream of the day I go back and can binge on it once more.Mr B's didn't disappoint. Gumbo was very good. The soft shell crab was good. Nicely fried. The place got very busy so you need to make sure you make a reservation or you will wait a long time.First, food was good in this busy BUSY place, but service was not what it should have been for the prices...  Once the food FINALLY got to the table it was pretty good, but I had shrimp & grits and it would have really helped if someone had cleaned the edges of the bowl... 
Again, the place was packed, but my guess is that our server was just not up to the task.Wow! What a place! Food was just amazing. We got the famous shrimp dish and we are going back! A New Orleans must.Overall FIVE stars!! The customer service was excellent and the food was one of a kind!  For starters we shared the seafood gumbo.  It was very tasty and full of flavor.  I had the portabello mushroom dish that was not too heavy and perfect for me.  My fiancé had the Mr. Bs BBQ shrimp!  This was our favorite!! Drank the sauce with a spoon afterwards.  For dessert we had homemade green apple sorbet!! It was a perfect way to end our night!  We wanted to eat here again, but the whole meal PLUS our drinks was $175!!I'm such a planner when it comes to dining on vacation, so I was pretty nervous when a conference buddy suggested this place on a whim for lunch. And the French Quarter can be mighty disappointing with their tourist traps. I nervously wonder, what does Frommers say? Too late...we were already in the door. 
Fortunately, I did have my travel guide stashed in my purse, so I whipped it out to see what they tried. I'm glad I did, because I would've never known to order the barbecue shrimp. It comes in this Cajun sauce with a little bit of spice - absolutely delicious. But wait, don't forget to tie on that bib! (Or have the waiter do it for you). Humiliating? A tad. Worthwhile? Absolutely. Probably the most delicious shrimp I have ever eaten, Cajun or not.
We split the duck spring rolls and catfish fingers for appetizers, which were also mighty tasty. But go here for the shrimp - it's fabulous.We hit Mr. B's Bistro for dinner the next night because the BBQ shrimp was supposedly the best in the area. I'm not sure if it's the cooking process (the waiter described that the shrimp were pan cooked in the BBQ sauce), but the shrimp had this really weird texture: they had no snap at all and almost a mushy texture. Normally, shrimp this large have almost a lobster texture. There was a good amount of shrimp in the dish and the bib they give you makes for a hilarious photo that I can''t post :-)
We also tried the fried oysters which tasted great with the lemony sauce that was put on it.
I had the braised rabbit since I hate taking shells off shrimp. This was cooked well and the sauce w/ tasso ham worked well w/ the mashed potatoes.
After having dinner at Mr. B's and trying to figure out what to do for lunch on our last day, we decided to hit it for lunch on our last day. Unfortunately, it's definitely not as good as dinner. The jambalaya was ok but didn't have enough sauce. The stuffed pork chop was overcooked and oversalted and the pear stuffing didn't quite go that well with it (somewhat bitter?).  So it would have been 4 stars overall, but the lunch wasn't that great for me.
Service was excellent however.Went to eat here on a recent business trip to New Orleans.  Went on a Wednesday night and came back on Thursday.  Great restaurant, great staff and fantastic atmosphere.   Chris, my waiter, recommend the seafood gumbo and bacon wrapped shrimp and grits.  It was out of this world.  Told me to come back the next night to try the fried pork belly, fried oyster, and shrimp appetizer.  Was worth coming back.  The pork chip was delicious.  Would recommend this restaurant to anyone and ask for Chris.  Good man with a great handle of his menu.Nice, classy place. Haven't eaten her but will try it soon. Last year had the best Sazerac ever. Returned this year and they left unfinished.  Different bartender made all the difference. Based on the high I will returnI'm not sure it gets much better than Mr. B's. This is one of the best restaurants in the FQ. Bar none. It is far less in price than many of the old standards (Galatoire's, Antoine's, Brennan's, etc), and has a better variety, honestly. It also feels far less touristy. The menu also has much lighter/healthier items than many of those spots. I don't feel like I walk out of there sick to my stomach from super heavy food. 
The menu is not enormous yet has a perfect array of options. The decor is classy and modern enough and doesn't feel old and outdated like many of the "standards" in the FQ. We had excellent food and service while there. The bread served before the meal is delicious. While my fish was quite good, the orzo served with it was AMAZING!! They let me get it instead of potatoes and didn't charge. I would go back there literally to get a plate of orzo- it was THAT delicious! Everything was tasty!!
If you are a tourist or if you are a local I suggest Mr. B's. This was one of my favorite spots to hit when I used to live there, and one of the 1st places on my list to go when I  am in town.Finger Licking Good! 
We stumbled upon Mr B's while in town and don't regret that we did. 
My entree was the shrimp and grits! Theeee best shrimp and grits I've ever had. Grits were so creamy and the shrimp were wrapped in bacon. It was amazing and the portion was great. No room for dessert.Nestled in the French Quarter is Mr B's bistro which is part of the Brennan family dining empire and quite popular in New Orleans.
Decided to try the Yaya Gumbo, a nice seafood mixture of crab, shrimp, oysters, rice and okra.  The soup was tasty but not large chunks of seafood. Decided to go for the smaller portion of the BBQ shrimp which is served with the infamous French bread.  The temperature could have been a little hotter but the flavor was descent.  I prefer the BBQ shrimp at Emerils New Orleans which has a richer taste and hotter temperature.
Service started off a little on the slow side but our head waiter made up for it.Mmm! 4.5!
Classy but not pretentious. I tried a bite of multiple dishes (BBQ shrimp, bacon wrapped shrimp, filet mignon, halibut, soft shelled crab) and everything was great! Each good enough to choose as your main dish, really depends on your personal taste. BBQ shrimp is messy and strong- pretty sure they use shrimp heads in the sauce, halibut is the opposite end, light with lots of lightly sautéed veggies and not fishy at all. Fried oysters and truffle fries are also good. 
Great busy lively French quarter location (if that's what you're looking for) and friendly enthusiastic service. Very NOLA, classy, but still very fun, restaurant.The food was very food, but the service was paaaainfully slow. We sat there for what must've been 20 minutes before ordering our drinks. The drinks were delivered by someone other than our server. We didn't place our dinner order until I was almost done with my glass of wine. Food came out promptly and was delivered by someone other than our server. This was at 6:30 on a Tuesday and not during Mardi Gras or anything like that. 
My husband and I both had filet mignon with spinach and potatoes. The spinach was surprisingly delicious. Potatoes could've used a little something. Steaks were cooked perfectly. You could cut it with a butter knife. So yum. 
Good experience overall, but I'm glad I wasn't super hungry when we got there!Lamb chops excellent!! Bacon wrapped shrimp with grits aaaamazing!! Pecan crusted reddish was to die for!! GEORGIO  was great !! Coming back!!Vacationed in New Orleans for Halloween. Mr. B's was recommended by all the locals. It is probably one of the best restaurants I have been to in all my travels. We tried almost everything on the menu from shrimp, to crab cakes, to salad, to bread pudding.... everything was AMAZING!  But if you're going to just try one thing... the BBQ shrimp is the best hands down.Awesome BBQ shrimp!!! Service was good, but nothing special.Mr. B's is not like your favorite outfit. Too many selfies in the same outfit and it starts to lose its luster. One can go to this spot every day of a New Orleans visit and enjoy it time after time. Two things give this gem away: 1.The place is constantly packed with locals --folks who can enjoy world class dining any night of the week. 2.For at least 2 decades its been a perennial. 
Let's start with the French bread and butter at each table. It is heavenly. Say yes to the fried green tomatoes for a culinary history lesson. The gumbo ya-ya is assertive --thick and dark with every ingredient calling attention to its own importance. Whichever salad with fruit, go for it!! The first salad I had featured strawberries, and I was hooked. The latest featured poached pears and it made me make reservations for the very next day. If fruit isn't your thing, the Royal is delicious too. Good Lord, the shrimp and grits!  The barbecue shrimp is a bit of an improvisation. It may be a bit too foufou for the recipe purist. The shrimp with angel hair pasta is not of the slap-your-mama variety. It's the only thing on the menu I wouldn't order again, only because everlasting is so much better. The bread pudding transcends everything. Go enjoy the hospitality, the gracious staff, and the capable staff. So worth it.I just went to Mr. B's about an hr ago to see what all the commotion was about with their seafood gumbo.  First of all, the gumbo was such a small portion that I thought I was being pranked when the waiter served it.  Maybe it was small due to me being 6'3 225 lbs but still, it was more the size of an appetizer than an entree.  The roux was flavorful but that's where it stopped.  It had extremely small portions of seafood that was small in size as well, it felt as if they were measuring the seafood in each dish like they were going out of business.  The ambience was nice but for the prices they charge, I will not be going back.  I'm extremely disappointed as I had read the reviews and was excited about trying their gumbo so I'm still on the hunt for a better gumbo spot.I had a wonderful birthday brunch here. The shrimp & grits was great & the BBQ shrimp, according to family, was even better.It's a classic New Orleans restaurant, known for BBQ Shrimp and classic Shrimp & Grits (among other things).  Ambiance is nice, service is extremely professional and quite good at understanding each table's needs, so my overall experience has been pretty good on a couple visits.  Cocktails and wine list are good, and they even dealt well with a nice bottle of wine I brought to complement those we bought for a larger work dinner.  Everything was quite nice on my most recent visit from food to service to overall atmosphere.
The issue I had is that myself and two other co-workers who ate the shrimp & grits all came down with clear food poisoning symptoms after eating here.  This was the only meal and common food item shared between the three of us, and it's clear that Mr. B's was the issue.  Understandably, this was the night after the hurricane that closed down the city on a Saturday night so I have to think this contributed to some food ordering and storage issues for a number of restaurants in town.  However, it's much less understanding when it's you who is sick for days afterward, or in this case my boss who had to finish up a conference and fly home on the evening after his symptoms hit.  Not fun at all.
In theory, Mr. B's is a good choice for classic New Orleans food.  In reality, I don't think I will be able to go back for a long time.  The bad experience was probably due to extenuating circumstances from the hurricane but regardless it seems that a professional kitchen needs to be able to do better.We had a really fun lunch there during Mardi Gras. Our food was good - grilled shrimp salad w/goat cheese and crawfish fry-up - but the real star was the $1.50 Bloody Mary, with dill pickled beans and olives. Totally delicious. Fast, efficient service. The place is kind of a zoo, but it's worth it for those cheap brunch drinks.It absolutely pains me to write a poor review of Mr. B's Bistro.  I have been a loyal patron for more than 20 years.  I proposed to my wife there, and it holds a special place in my heart.
I have always gone there for the service even more so than the food.  I used to find their service better than practically anywhere else.  Not anymore.
We had a 9pm reservation for five, arrived early and sat/stood in the bar area.  It took 20 minutes to finally get a drink (in a plastic cup).  We were seated about 9:20 and given water and menus, then ignored until 9:40.  Our waiter (who reeked of cigarettes)  took our order 1 appetizer, 1 cocktail, 1 glass of wine.
The martini was not what I requested, and the pork belly was one of the worst I've had...ever.
40 minutes had passed before we received our order. Empty, unfilled water glasses, appetizer plate not picked up.  We wanted wine, but our waiter was nowhere to be found. When our food arrived, my scallops were room temp, my wife's steak was medium (not medium rare) with dry flavorless potatoes.  I mean, they were awful. The Gumbo Ya Ya was tasty, but not very warm. They brought the wrong order to my daughter who ordered salmon, with ZERO apologies.
We proceeded to finish our meal completely before they brought the salmon to her.  So we sat and watched her eat, again with nothing to drink and no waiter.
I tasted her over cooked salmon which lacked much flavor.  I asked for the bill, expecting to see an adjustment or at least some remorse from our waiter...but neither happened.  It took quite some time to receive it (from another person).
It was supposed to be a special night (renewing vows), but will be tarnished by bad service and subpar food.  For $250, and one of my favorite places...I was more than let down.
There are far too many other great restaurants to choose from in NOLA to put up with an experience like that.Had a wonderful lunch here, cant believe the ambience, local traditional jazz playing in the background, what more could you ask? excellent brandy milk punches too!Leaving hungry. My fish was undercooked, floppy, gloppy and bloody. The Royal Street Salad with bacon, mild blue cheese and delectable herb vinaigrette was delicious - if overdressed. My husband's YaYa Gumbo underwhelmed with lack of spice. Our waitress was a tad snooty too. Cool old school dark wood decor and long bar. If I were you, I'd go somewhere else!This restaurant is a solid four based on the experience, service and food. 
The waitstaff was incredible friendly and they timed each thing perfectly. 
MY DATE'S EXPERIENCE
He started with the soup sampler and it was really fantastic. Together it equals about a cup of soup and was the perfect starter to his meal. Next, he had the raved about BBQ shrimp. After getting over the embarrassment of the bib, my introverted boyfriend went nuts. He really enjoyed the dish. 
MY FOOD
I'd had an upset stomach for most of my trip to NO, which is just unfortunate. This means my 'dinner' was salad (mixed greens with an incredible herb vignette) and the duck egg roll. I also ordered the fries and while they claim 'emerged in rosemary and garlic oil' I think the mean: regular old friends with a roasted garlic on the side rosemary sprinkled over top.Had a busy day during a convention did not have a reservation on a Saturday night Halloween parade and big crowd. So we walked in they said 20 minutes went to the bar ordered a cocktail got lucky and was able to get a seat at the bar. 20 minutes and we have a table but we're enjoying the bar so ate there. Larry was taking very good care of us and was on point with taking care of my guest first in all that we ordered. Food was very good had the blackened redfish with fresh veggies. My date loved her meal and polished off dinner with bread pudding. Warm and tasty. All in all a fabulous dining experience food is excellent Larry the bartender /server was great in a rather stoic way. But definitely worth going I recommend and will return.BBQ shrimp to die for!! Great date night in New Orleans. Upscale restaurant but worth the treat. We sat at the bar and sampled some cocktails. Enjoy yourself but expect to spend a bit, well worth the price!My friend and I decided to have lunch at Mr. B's on Memorial Day. The atmosphere is moderately upscale. Fortunately for us, there was no long line or crowd, so we got seated immediately. 
For the most part the servers were nice, however our waitress could have improved her customer service etiquette.
My first issue with the waitress began after I asked her to clean the bread crumbs from the table ... (Side note: the bread is served from a bag, it's light and crispy on the outside and airy  on the inside... It tastes good but easily crumbles) 
The waitress wiped the table but left a considerable amount of crumbs on the table ... Afterward, the waitress called me a "neat freak" , not once but twice ... The neat freak comment was completely inappropriate. 
Second, the waitress was unfamiliar with the menu. She did not seem to know whether or not the shrimp in the various dishes was deveined. 
My third issue was with waiting 40 minutes for the crab cake appetizer. One crab cake is $18. The crab cake was actually good and savory, but it was disappointing waiting 40 minutes for one crab cake ... 
Our main course arrived about 15 minute after the crab cake. 
I ordered the shrimp and angel hair pasta. The buttery taste overwhelmed the dish. Since the dish lacked acidity, I requested lemons from the waitress. The taste of the pasta was not a big deal ... Nothing a little lemon juice couldn't fix. 
My fourth issue was with the waitress bringing the small cut lemons from the bar, instead of lemon wedges ... 
The lemon cuts were so small that I was unable to squeeze lemon juice from the lemons ...
Overall, I wanted to enjoy Mr. B's more than I did... I have no plans of returning.I was in New Orleans for business and someone recommended Mr. B's for dinner. Although the restaurant was very busy, they were able to seat my party of 3 fairly quickly. I've never tried crawfish before, so I decided to give it a shot and ordered the American Red Snapper with crawfish tails. Not only did the dish look very appetizing and presentable, but it was so, so good! I couldn't stop eating until my entire plate was cleaned out. Every aspect of the dish, from the red snapper to the crawfish, to the fried green tomatoes and the sauce, everything was cooked to perfection and very tasty. I absolutely loved this dish and probably one of the best dinner I've ever had at a restaurant. Even the oyster and grilled artichoke appetizers that we ordered were both devoured. If I ever go back to New Orleans, Mr. B's will be the first stop I make. Highly recommend this restaurant!In town for a conference, the restaurant was very busy, but accommodating of our group of 5. The wine per glass list is average, but the food was tasty. A colleague and I had the special, red fish with asparagus and new potatoes, and the others had the BBQ shrimp. While mine was delicious and well executed, I was left a but jealous... The shrimp were amazing!!! The shrimp were plentiful, broth was flavorful, and there was unlimited fresh of bread to sop up the last drop!  Not to mention, you get to use your fingers and wear a bib in a white tablecloth restaurant! Who doesn't love that!! Dessert was good though unremarkable. The staff was friendly and attentive; my water was always full. 
All in all a great experience. I'd recommend to those who have a larger budget. Why only 4 starts? For the price, the experience was decent though not outstanding. I reserve 5 stars for a limited few that are incredible!Right in the French Quarter,  only a few blocks away from Bourbon Street, Mr. B's is top notch!  We tried the BBQ shrimp here that everyone's raving about. 
The raving is well warranted. The shrimp was served with the heads on tails in tact, which doesn't bother me at all.  It comes out steaming hot, all sauced up and impressively arranged on the plate.  
The sauce is made with Cajun seasonings, butter, salt, butter, pepper, butter, and herbs, and butter.  The 6 rather impressive size shrimps are giant and bbq'ed perfectly. I find myself sucking on the shrimp before peeling it. Once it's peeled, I dip it into the sauce and savor every tasty morsel. 
This is on our regular rotation of food stops when visiting NOLA.  My husband and I shared this amazing dish not knowing what to expect, but now I know, he'll be getting his own next time.Great dinner spot. Fantastic filet, ran about $35. Yum.This place is great for a formal dinner out.  The service is top-notch.  Went with a bigger group for dinner and we all agreed that the BBQ shrimp is the dish to get.  It is incredibly flavorful!  It is a little pricey but worth it for a nice evening out.  If you are going to splurge, this is the place to try.We came to Mr. B's at the suggestion of our cab driver, who insisted that the barbecue shrimp was a must-have dish while in New Orleans. The entire meal, start to finish, was incredible. Our server, JC, was attentive and wonderful. With 35 years of experience, JC was the perfect personality--absolutely request to be sat at one of his tables! The duck spring rolls and pork belly appetizers were amazing, as was the bacon wrapped shrimp and grits (and, of course, the barbecue shrimp!). But JC couldn't let us stop there. The cranberry sorbet du jour and pecan pie were a holiday-like experience. We are so glad we stopped at Mr. B's, and we can't wait to come back! JC is a asset to this restaurant and they should be proud that he works for them.Service was great - friendly and quick. Gumbo Ya-Ya was excellent! Very consistant, easy parking.The fopod was very good.  We stopped by for an impromptu lunch.  The atmosphere was a mix of tourists and business folks.  The service - Kevin our waiter and Otis were both great - was very good.  The drinks were tasty and the food was excellent.  Overall highly recommended - it also looks like a good place for dinner ... but suggest a little more dressy attire than shorts and a polo.Food was delicious!! The wait staff seemed a little confused but all in all, it was a good experience.We were tired, hungry and in no way able to make a decision upon arrival to the French Quarter... our hostess, Christina, said go to Mr B's...it's the best food I've had in the quarter!   Pliable and trusting, we stumbled down Royal Street and entered the best night of our lives with Michael the bartender and David our dining companion and numerous other jovial Saturday night folks. The food was heavenly (barbequed shrimp and the wedge salad with a delightful local October fest ale) and the companionship wonderful... it was a glorious entry into our New Orleans vacationWe went here on a Friday night. We thankfully had reservations. The food was out of this world. My husband got the Barbecue Shrimp. The waiter came and put a bib on my husband, as they do with everyone. And thankfully so, to protect his dress shirt and blazer because those huge shrimp were buttery yummy. 
I already want to go back!
The service was outstanding. If you want to eat a nice meal in New Orleans, but don't want to pay 60-100 a person, then this is your place.Food was great. Service was poor. I went for my Dads birthday and we were rushed out the whole time. The server literally took the menu from my hands before asking if I was ready to order. Not expected from a fine dining restaurant.Where to start with Mr. B's Bistro. If I could give them more than 5 stars I would. Not only was the food amazing, but the service from everyone that works in this place was well above par. I had not even considered going here until our food tour guide said that someone had asked her if she had to choose between Mr. B's and the Commander's Palace, which one would she choose. She said that Mr. B.'s had some her of favorite dishes in all of NOLA, so hands down it had to be here. This is what made me CHANGE my dinner plans...and man was I happy that I did.
Since we decided to come here last minute, there were no reservations available. When we called, they told us that they do accept walk-ins, but there may be await. We arrived around 5 pm (hey I'm from the East Coast, it was dinner time for me), and they told us that they didn't actually open until 5:30 PM for dinner service. Since we were hungry, we just took a seat and figured that we'd wait until they were open. I swear at least 20 people came in after us, and the hostess had to perform the same song and dance about how the restaurant wasn't open for dinner service yet, but that they would be happy to accept walk-ins. She kept a smile the whole time and it sounded like it was the first time that she had to say that spiel that night. The reason that I'm commenting on this is because it is so easy to start getting irritated to have to say the same thing over and over, yet this woman greeted each guest as if they were the first group of people to walk in the doors that night.
We were actually seated a few minutes before 5:30, which I was surprised, but very pleased with. Our server came over and was very pleasant. The drinks that we ordered were perfect. My mom had a craving for red meat, so she got the Truffle Butter Filet Mignon. She said that it was cooked exactly how she ordered it, and was absolute perfection. We shared the Jumbo Sea Scallops as an appetizer. They were cooked beautifully. I had the brandy & apple cider braised rabbit, and could not believe how juicy it was. Rabbit is one of those proteins that can easily dry out, so I was very impressed. We ordered the Profiteroles & chocolate sauce to go (we had a short walk back to our hotel so we knew that the ice cream would not melt.) Very good meal all around, and I will be back next time I'm in New Orleans!I started my vacation with my side chick eating some shrooms, popping Molly's and drinking a lot. After a night like that and a hangover morning I thought about looking into a New Orleans fave. We read the reviews and bammies found Mr.B's. Started at the bar while walking in as the whole weekend was filled with reservations, no issues with that as after a glass of wine and some Titos n soda the amazing bartender Brett recommended some items on the menu. 20 min later we sat at our table. We had the crab cake for an app and the pork chop for the sexy lady and the bacon wrapped shrimp n grits for the playa. It was out of this world amazing.Went for brunch today. Nice atmosphere with jazz band playing which was really cool and the gentlemen playing were talented. Food was mediocre at best and for the price I'd say was a major letdown. We had the duck spring rolls which were okay but at 7 dollars per roll left much to be desired. The bbq shrimp were okay and again for nearly $25 again left much to be desired. The eggs and bacon were decent. Two bloody Mary's were watered down and bland. The one star review is reflected by the service. We had some of the most inattentive service in NOLA (in about 10 trips over the past 5 years) and that's saying a lot as things here move at a much slower pace in general. Forgot coffee order, forgot Bloody drink order, no coffee refill, no follow up whatsoever from our waitress on anything and had to ask for literally every single item needed including utensils. The closest thing to a modicum of service I had was from the water guys. Walked out with $100 check for brunch and a feeling that they could care less about us as a customer. Also I should have known going in when I saw the host berate a more junior team member to nearly tears for supposedly mishandling customer checkin. Unfortunately they can likely get away with it because the place was packed.......sorry Mr. B but we won't be returning or recommending you.The BBQ shrimp is so yummy. I always I want to eat all of the buttery, garlicky and peppery BBQ  sauce with the French bread. Fortunately for my waist line I only ate half...so good!Mr. B's is fantastic...BBQ shrimp and gumbo are the best. Service was great...loved the atmosphereI was struggling to find the correct description when my husband nailed it - this is a safe dinner. No matter what you order, you are going to get an excellent meal with fantastic service. But it's a meal you could find anywhere. It didn't have the exciting New Orleans flare that makes this food scene one of the best in the world. The one dish we had with the "wow factor" was the bread pudding with a hot cup of decaf coffee.When you have high quality bloody mary's for $1.50 (and can get them to go as well), how can you not give 5 stars?
Okay, throw in great gumbo and bbq'd shrimp and it becomes a landmark.   I have eaten here many times and it's always been very good.We had high expectations for Mr. B's Bistro based on the reviews posted. The food was tasty, it was also served cold: two out of 4 appetizers (both were soups) were sent back because of the temperature and three of four mains were sent back for the same reason.  The wait staff was excellent and corrected the issues quickly and professionally so the issues did not "ruin" our evening. Despite the temperature issues, the food was very good, service excellent and atmosphere was average.  In my opinion Mr. B's Bistro earns a 3 out of 5 rating because the overall experience fell short of the expectations of a pricey Bistro.I have eaten in some of the best known restaurants in NOLA and this is the best. The service is fantastic and the food is equal to it. I would tell anyone to eat here.Everything we had was great, filet, truffle fries, bbq shrimp and redfish.  Len was our server and was so personable or and friendly.  Even if the food had only been ok, I would go back for his service.  Brought our kids balloons and was just so attentive to our table and others.  Highly recommend!!We have eaten here several times.  The ambiance is excellent and the location is very nice.  Reservations are recommended.  Their signature dish is the New Orleans BBQ Shrimp.  Probably the best we have had in NOLA, however there is significant variability in the taste.  I probably had the first dish there last night that was bland.  It was the Chefs special Trout Almondine with crab meat ($40).  Stick to the more traditional NOLA cuisine an you will have a great meal.  My dinner guests (student daughter and her roommate) enjoyed their BBQ shrimp and Seared Tuna w/ crabmeat.  The desert were excellent.  We shared a bread pudding and a sinful chocolate drowned cupcake.  I recommend, but stick to the Creole.Good food and very nice ambience. Love the chance to sample multiple soups and appetizers. The menu includes a 1-1-1 soup which give you samples of the gumbo, jambalaya, and soup of the day was a chaliflower brie soup (my favorite of the 3). The 1-1-1 appetizer was also fun. The fried oyster was my favorite. Oval, loved it.We visit New Orleans often, as we have family living there and I am a member of a number of Carnival organizations.  This trip we chose Mr. B's over Commander's Palace because we were going to be in the French Quarter for Dirty Linen Night.  First time at Mr. B's.  
The first indication of trouble came from the attitude of the hostess when our party of 6 arrived.  Just a "come with me".  
Our server was adequate but not particularly well-trained. We were not made to feel particularly welcome.   Our drinks took 20 minutes to arrive.  After 40 minutes, we had to ask for bread.
While I enjoy lingering over drinks and a meal, the 2 1/2 hours required for our meal was too much.  And although I understand the concept of a team of servers, after about 1 1/2 hours our original server vanished without a word, handing us over to others .  I must say that the last server of the evening was really wonderful.
The food was good.  But the inattentive and indifferent treatment at the hands of the hostess and our original server put a damper on the meal.
Really, there are too many wonderful restaurants in New Orleans to put up with this one.  We will not be returning.You know you'll be getting a great meal when the menu is one page. Or, at least, that's how it should be. And that's how it is here. Our party enjoyed everything, and you will, too!This restaurant is one block off of Bourbon street and is absolutely one I will be coming back to. The menu is short and sweet. The service is courteous and prompt. The atmosphere is elegant and cozy. The tuna that I got was cooked skillfully to medium rare; one of the best fish I've had. The drinks are all great and expertly made. This is probably my favorite restaurant in NOLA now. Happy eats!Mr. B's did not disappoint. It was recommended by a neighbor business, Royal Antiques (royalantiques.com) as a very good place for a meal. My feeling is that if your neighbor likes you then you must me very good. 
I ordered the Mr. B's BBQ shrimp and also during the course of my meal had 2 glasses of the Parducci Cabernet Sauvignon. The service was impeccable and the food was great. I am from the Pacific Northwest, we know our shrimp and this shrimp from the gulf was tender and prepared very well. The sauce was light and wonderful to dip the french bread in. Do wear the bib! 
Prices are medium, did not startle me. I left a generous tip (25%) because I felt the service deserved it.Excellent food, ambiance as well. You might have to sit very close to the next table if the restaurant gets crowded , but we happened to have a friendly conversation with all other tables around us.highly recommendedOne of the many Brennan restaurants in NO. A great place for a classic conservative meal in the French Quarter. It's much more formal than a bunch of the places around there but serves really high quality food bursting with Cajun flavors. Of course you know you gotta get the seafood down here near the Gulf. The gumbo, gulf fish and pecan pie stand out in my mind as excellent.I was in town for a convention and sat at the bar.  The bar staff was super friendly and attentive.  I had the 1-1-1 appetizer which was great.  For dinner, I had the BBQ Shrimp, which was also great (although super messy).  I'm looking forward to coming back again and trying the bacon wrapped shrimp and grits.I was having a particularly hard time decided between the amazing menu items for dinner last night so I told the server just to surprise me out of the five or so suggestions he gave. He probably thought I was nuts but I was very pleased with what he chose for me. Coffee cocktails were amazing! Will be back!Worst service I've encountered outside of Dick's Last Resort (where it's kind of expected).
Missed drink orders, topping off my Zin with a Cab (both bottles were very nice until the impromptu "blending").  Bread thrown onto the table as an afterthought.  Taking each person's order twice and then giving them to the wrong person.
I won't be back.  Food isn't worth reviewing as it was average at best.First off, I thought I should make a reservation here, since I'd heard it could get pretty packed. They are not on OpenTable, but have their own reservation system on their website which told me that there were no reservations available for A MONTH. I'm glad I didn't just quit right there...I called and immediately got a reservation for 6:30. Odd.
I was on a hunt for the best gumbo in the city, so I decided to go here, because apparently their Gumbo Ya-Ya is world famous. My boyfriend and I ordered one bowl of the Ya Ya and one of the Seafood Gumbo, and I was both over and underwhelmed. INTENSE flavor with a very dark brown roux, but I'm not sure that I liked it despite it's intensity...it was almost smoky and bitter. The andouille sausage was not very flavorful, and the shredded chicken was almost non-visible. The Seafood Gumbo had a similar, but slightly lighter broth with not a whole lot of shrimp. Gumbo: just ok.
I got the BBQ Shrimp. This was fantastic. Messy, bib-worthy, buttery shrimp goodness. This is what saved the meal. My boyfriend ordered the Rack of Lamb, and was not very impressed for the $38 price tag. Not the tenderest meat, and way to many flavors going on, which overpowered the lamb.Great place to have lunch in French quarter area, nice welcome from hostess, friendly and perfect services from waiter. All staff seem happy to work in this place. I had Gumbo chicken andouille sausage was very delicious , duck spring roll was a little bit salty but the dipping was good. 
The star of the show at Mr.bees is the BBQ shrimp...We arrived at Mr B's Bistro without a reservation and although the restaurant was packed. The girls at the front were very nice and we were seated within 15 minutes after a wait at the bar. I was a little disappointed that we were seating in the back of the restaurant and could not see the Jazz performance but towards the end of the meal, the Trio came to the back to perform for us who weren't fortunate to be seated in the front. In the end, I liked that we were seating in the back, it was a lot calmer and quiet.
I started with a Crescent City Cooler (guava rum, ginger ale, lime, sugar & bitters) which was very refreshing and light. Our server had seemed to have forgotten about it so I had to wait awhile for it, but other than that, he was very professional, gracious and attentive.
I ordered their signature dish, Mr. B's Barbequed Shrimp. It was so good! The shrimp were huge and the sauce was delish. I only wish I had more French Bread to sop up all the sauce.
My mom ordered the Blackened Gulf Fish (Redfish) with parsley potatoes and string beans. It was perfectly cooked and palatable but a bit too salty.
My boyfriend ordered the Petit Filet Mignon & Truffled Eggs with garlic potato rounds. He more than love it. The steak was perfect, the only problem was he wanted more.
For dessert we ordered the Bread Pudding. This was one of the better tasting ones I have ever had. Although an Irish Whiskey Sauce is poured across the top, it was was not doused it in, allowing the quality of the bread pudding to shine rather then break down from being soaked.
We also order the Tres Leches Cake. It was good but the Bread Pudding was a way better choice.
Brunch at Mr B's Bistro is a great way to enjoy a Sunday: good food, family, and some lively jazz.Their gumbo Ya Ya is excellent. I have been going to this place for years and just love it. At lunch time they have $1.50 bloody marys and they are the BEST bloody Marys I have ever had. The service is great, the gumbo Ya Ya is a glorious rich dark gumbo. I have had the burgers, the BBQ shrimp, the fried catfish fingers, the oysters and the veal meatballs. If I lived in New Orleans I would eat at Mr. B's at least once a week. Every dish I have had there I loved but I am completely in love with the Gumbo Ya Ya! I highly recommend it if you like a dark roux. Mr. B's is awesome!Stopped in for a spur of the moment 8pm dinner and were able to walk right in. It was such a pleasant surprise! We ordered the scallops and another fish dish that came with crawfish. The fish was perfectly flavored with a sauce but I have to say the scallops were probably the best I have ever had. They were incredible. We ended the evening with their chocolate lava cake and cream puffs. A beautiful and delicious meal.Great! One of the fancier restaurants, but you don't have to dress up much - just no sleeveless shirts for men. Excellent food - BBQ shrimp, truffle fries, and lamb chops were so good!
Nice service.Best BBQ shrimp I've ever had. I mean delicious, bread dunking, finger licking scrumptiousness. I want to take a bath in it. If you are in NOLA, go!!!!I had the BBQ shrimp that I highly doubt ever saw a BBQ.  They were super salty.  I also had the duck spring rolls.  They were bland and the dipping sauce was just disgusting with too much salt.  I wanted to like this place.  Good atmosphere but the food sucked.  I expected better food for the priceThis place is one of the best spots for locals and tourists in French Quarter.  The shrimp and grits are heaven on a plate.  Their Crab cake is the gold standard.  Lunch specials include ridiculously cheap drinks and a variety of delicious smaller plates.  
I like to sit at the bar to eat, nonsmoking thankfully.  You get a bit more caudal and friendly service there.Nice romantic setting with white table cloth, professional servers and elegance. This is one of many restaurants under the Brennan family restaurant group . I ordered the bbq shrimp and they were Big and succulent and peppery.  This dish reportedly takes 2 sticks of butter to make . So be aware and take caution Weber eating the sauce.  I only ate spittle but of sauce.  There was no soaking the bread for me. Bathroom is downstairs . After eating the shrimp they give you a hot whit cloth with lemons to get the shrimp dll out of your fingersA nice little place in the FQ to stop in for a drink and a quick bite. You can't go wrong ordering the duck potstickers or the crab cake appetizers. Skip their "romain salad", the lettuce is not romaine, and take a pass on their gumbo, the shrimp are the smallest I've seen. Whatever you do, order their bread pudding, the best I've tasted in New Orleans.Amazing!!! Best meal we had in Nola. Large serving of red fish cooked to perfection paired nicely with rice and carrots. I was sad I could not even eat half of my plate!! My husband had shrimp and grits. I stole some of his grits! Service was also fantastic!Really a 3.5
Made advanced reservations for their Jazz Brunch prior to our arrival to NOLA. 
Arrived a few minutes after our reserved time (12pm) and found the venue pretty empty. I had to let the hostess that we had a reservation as she instantly started to bring us to one of the many empty tables. 
As others have reported, the venue has an upscale and classy feel to it -- a million times better than many of the much hyped/must try restaurants in NOLA. 
Food was decent, nothing spectacular.  The brunch menu is pretty limited which I think hurts Mr. B's more than it helps. No omelettes or egg white options. Not even a made to order omelette option. 
We had:
Crab cake app -- packed. Not much filler and delicious. I wasn't particularly in love with how it was cooked but out of a 5, I'd give it a 4
Shrimp & Grits -- just ok. I'm not a huge fan of grits but this was the only item on the menu that piqued my interest
Chicken pontalba -- my companion ordered this and barely touched it. Pale, gross and gamey.  
Bread pudding - ok 
Cream puffs -- phenomenal! Soooo friggin good. This item alone saved the meal for us 
The true stars here were the cream puffs and the drinks. We had multiple rounds of the Mr. Orange Julius and while good, there is another similar drink on the menu made with vanilla ice cream that stunned us.  The best drink by far. 
Service was good. Our waiters Paul and Eric worked well with us. The gent who refills the water was beyond annoying as he kept coming back and forth to our table and just standing over us. Very creepy. 
I also want to point out that the "Jazz" brunch is not what you'd expect. The band (3 gents) played a song or two in one spot then moved about the restaurant collecting tips. 
Expectantly overhyped. 
Wouldn't return.Old school NOLA restaurant. Had drinks and gumbo and tomato soup combo appetizer. Delicious. Good Pimms Cup, but a better one across the street at Hotel Monteleon.****i am a northern boy****
I really Loved this place. I got the fried oysters for an appetizer after the waiter suggested it and told me that the Green Tomatoes didn't look good today. 
For dinner I got the bacon wrapped shrimp with grits. I have never had grits and told him I had never had them. Basically laughed at me and explained what they were. 
Both were absolutely phenomenal. The place is a little loud but the service was good. Lot of help staff. Wait time was minimal for me on a Sunday at 7pm. 
Would totally recommend.Mr. B's Bistro is not for the flavor challenged patron; it can be an overwhelming attack on your taste buds.  The establishment itself is a marked difference from the environment.  Just outside the door, you are immediately approached my smiling, welcomed faces that introduce you to a cool and relaxing atmosphere.  There is a low ceiling and wide floor design, much like you would see in the old style of buildings in the area.  It's a bit confusing, but unless you are used to this type of service, you are a little thrown of who your server even is, you are asked how you are and can I get you started by a few people, you can't help but feel lost at first.
Once our server was identified we instantly got started; the meals chosen were:
* Braised Rabbit- (5 Stars) This meal was a delight to eat, the rabbit was ultra tender and with it being mixed with grilled onion and garlic-mashed potatoes; it took it to heights that most are unable to achieve.  My wife and daughter kept sneaking forkfuls of my dish, yet prior to ordering they thought I was nuts for ordering the rabbit.
* Shrimp and Grits- (4 Stars) My wife's plate, she loved it but claimed that the rabbit had so much more flavor that it couldn't be compared.  I myself tasted the shrimp and grits and found it to be far more superior to the "shrimp dishes" that are being claimed as great around the French Quarter; though, I did think my plate was tastier.  The shrimp being wrapped with bacon gave the texture of the shrimp a mouth watering feeling for more.  The grits were so smooth, cheesy and complementary to the shrimp that it makes me wish they had larger portions.
* Seafood Gumbo- (3 Stars) My daughters dish, although my wife and I had a couple of spoonful's and I agree with my daughters assessment of the flavor......it was lacking.   We have tried other gumbos in the area and found this one to be less inviting.  The serving size was not hot at all and the clear question was, "where's the seafood?" It was missing in action and sorely missed. 
* The desserts were- (5 Stars), in order of greatness, Lemon Ice Box Pie, Peach Cake and Profiteroles and Chocolate Sauce.  Lets just put it this way, spoons all around that table were flying with collision happening in midflight attempting to nab more of the others dessert.  Desserts are under appreciated at Mr. B's, probably because everyone is full by the time their server comes around to ask if they had "any room left for dessert". 
My only big negative about the restaurant is the placement of the tables.  It leaves the patrons exposed to rushing servers zooming by to perform their duties while they inadvertently bump you or your chair.  Mr. B's will not disappoint but it will not make you feel WOWED either.  Would I eat here again, if given a chance? YES and I would happily suggest it to a friend but the quarter here is large enough to indulge elsewhere as well.Was in town a few nights ago to visit my daughter who lives in New Orleans, and went to Mr.B's on the recommendation of my daughters husband. Plus we were staying across the street so it was perfect. My husband and I had a blast. Best BBQ shrimp I have ever had!  We sat at the bar, which I recommend if you are in the mood to drink. Our bartender was Jim and he was very helpful with the wines, and very friendly. We even made a few new friends at the bar too. Can't wait to come back!We had the best dinner of our NOLA trip here.  Definitely make reservations.
Crab cakes were fantastic - and we are picky
We split the crisp and fresh wedge salad
Shrimp and grits were so great I was tempted to return the next night
My hubby loved the BBQ shrimp - and was pleased that he could have an order of only 4 shrimp to help save room for their fantastic pecan pie.
It IS messy, but he didn't mind
Service - 5 star all the way.  Our team included Kevin and Martin, as well as another young man.  Despite the busy pace, they were attentive and well-versed on the menu, including the suggestion about the appetizer sized order of BBQ shrimp.By far the best dinner we had while in New Orleans. Great dessert and pleasant serviceWonderful restaurant!! Staff is friendly and efficient and the food was absolutely amazing!! We all enjoyed our meals and wished we had time to go back again!!! Would recommend Mr. B's for anyone wanting a truly great dining experience!!!The food was excellent as usual but I called ahead and requested special service for my wife's 40th birthday and the staff promised to accommodate. Not only did they not accommodate, but when I noticed it wasn't happening I asked the manager who promised to take care of it. Still nothing. She didn't notice but I was severely disappointed. Not coming back.I'm okay with spending $100 on a meal if the quality is good, but I was disappointed with Mr B's. The bread was so hard and dry it was inedible, my husband and I ordered two appetizers to share and the waiter's couldn't be bothered to bring us an extra plate, and our entrees were okay but not what I'd expect for the price. My husband's $33 steak (ordered medium rare) was over cooked on the outside and completely raw in the middle. The shrimp and grits were good and the gumbo ya ya was fine. 
I expected more from this place given the reviews.I'm in town attending a conference with co-workers and the bartender at our hotel recommended this place for dinner. The atmosphere and our waitress Christina was amazing. We got loud at times and she rolled right with it. The drinks and the food was amazing. I had the bbq shrimp and I didn't care how messy that fish was. It was mind blowing delicious. We were the last to leave but they all didn't mind and let us conduct our business conversations we were having. When I'm back in town again, I'll definitely come back againAbsolutely amazing experience from the bar staff during our wait for a table, which wasn't long at all, to the waiters (one dedicated and another making sure you need nothing else) down to the spectacular food. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone. Perfect experience and professionalism. The food was great, we sampled many selections for an appetizer, also ordered meals and dessert. I would give more than 5 stars if I could!Amazing food and service!! Definitely get a reservation, when we walked in the people before us (w/ out reservations) were told a 30 min wait with two people. It is certainly worth the wait, but of course always better if you don't have to wait!  They give you warm bread after you are seated. To me it was good for the first couple of minutes, but after that it got chewy. I got the soup 1-1-1 which was small servings of their seafood gumbo, regular gumbo, and soup of the day (corn and lobster bisque). Their gum is weren't my favorite, but the corn and lobster bisque was delicious! For my meal I got the famed barbecue shrimp. BEST BBQ SHRIMP EVER! It comes with toasted bread (to soak up ever little bit of that yummy buttery sauce) and about 7 huge shrimp! It comes unpeeled, so it's very mess, but that's what makes it fun! Because it's a little messy, they offer you a bib and then a warm cloth after devour your shrimp! My friends got the lamb, and they basically ate the bones because it was so good!Mr. B's is by far my favorite restaurant in this city with too many choices.  I can't believe this was my first check in and haven't written a review yet seeing as that I have been going there for special occasions and when I feel like treating myself to an amazing causal but upscale meal for years. Let's get down to it, this place is the most consistant I have ever experienced which is one reason I love it so much.  Not only is the food consistant, but the service is always above and beyond amazing.  I have never had a server who was a boring person with no personality. Whomever it is that waits on my table when I go is always super happy and excited to be your server. They have conversations, they of course ask where you are from, because being from New Orleans is so abnormal when dining in the French Quarter, they make jokes, they are just down right entertaining.
Now on to the food and drinks.  I'll go by my most recent visit which was just a few days ago. We ordered a bottle of wine which was in my opinion a pretty reasonable $34 for a place of this quality.  Now of course I ordered Duck Spring Rolls. This is is a must do for me every time, and they are always perfect. They are a bit of Asian flavor with goat cheese, shitake, spinach and duck inside. Yummm! I also ordered the heirloom tomatoes and fresh mozzerella salad, which isn't always on the menu. I was really happy I got that salad, it was so refreshing and pretty to look at too, darn I should have taken a picture! Then for my entree I ordered the scallops, which is actually an appetizer, and has two jumbo sea scallops that are buttery delicious perfection, and they are accompanied by watercress and shaved parmigiano - reggiano. The best scallops ever!!! I had a bite of my dad's enormous pork chop, it was amazing, my brother's Osso Bucco, it was amazing, my mom's veal picatta, amazing, my son's very special birthday chicken tenders, amazing!!! Dessert: bread pudding of course, in my opinion the best other than my mom's recipe. If you are reading my review and you aren't from New Orleans looking for an amazing dinner, take it from this born and raised NOLA girl, you must go to Mr. B's!!! You will be very happy you did!Saturday night at 9pm and the staff is overwhelmed and the food is average.  For the price it was not a value.  Try someplace elseThe gumbo ya ya and the seafood gumbo was excellent.  Bloody Mary is only 1.50 and it is delicious.  Highly recommend this place for lunch or dinner!From the moment you walk in, you know this place appreciates your business. Service from Len is top notch. Food was great, especially the trio of soups. Really enjoyed the grilled fish on pecan rice and hubby loved the bacon wrapped shrimp. Highly recommend. We walked in without reservation in a Sunday. Great start to our week in NOLA.Solid gumbo ya ya. Very strong and very good. Service was terrible. This place was expensive for the food and not the service. The waiters seemed to pass us up on occasion at lunch but this could of been because we were not in business suits. When paying  a lot of money for lunch I think it is important that waters be refilled and some attention be payed to the customer. But again, the food was excellent. Just don't expect great/friendly service.Food was reaaaally good - but they waits forgot to bring me something to clean my hands when i ordered shrimps.... Thats a no go.... Especially for a place rated that high.I stopped there for lunch and had the Gumbo YaYa. It was very good, but not the best I've ever had.  Like others have said, the place has a lot of old-school charm.  The waiters are prompt, well-dressed, and give a sense of genuine pride in the establishment.  
I was honored to have been seated at the Ronald Reagan table, where there is a commemorative plaque acknowledging the Gipper's two visits between 1989 and 1990.  I understand that there's also a designated Bill Clinton table, which I would personally avoid.  That said, Mr. B's is the choice of Presidents in New Orleans, and I was certainly happy with my experience.We made reservations for Sunday Brunch on October 18, 2015.  The service was impeccable and the food superb!    There were 4 adults in our party and each ordered a different entree.  We had their famous BBQ shrimp, Shrimp & Grits, Brisket and Chicken Pontalba.   We were very pleased with the quality of food and service!I was at Mr. B's with a group on a Friday night and thought the food was exceptional.  I had the soup of the day, which was a creamy cauliflower and shrimp, the tuna and crawfish main and the berry cobbler.  Each course was great.  The soup was probably the best non-French onion soup I have ever had and the crawfish absolutely made the the meal (although the tuna was good too).  The cobbler was very good, although it's kind of hard to screw up a cobbler I suppose.
The only downside was one of the waiters, some guy named Lawrence.  The guy's attitude was brutal, like he was too good to be a waiter or something.  But then we had this other waiter Alton, who was really great.  If it wasn't for Lawrence this would be a sure 5-star review.Ok the BBQ shrimp here is the best I've ever had!!! Our bartender was phenomenal and truly made the whole experience for us. He gave us bibs and we ate with the BBQ shrimp with our hands -- there really is no other better way to eat them!!! They are finger lickin' good! I can't wait to come back here and try more of their menu items.Wow, really bad gumbo. My partner started with the seafood version, but the seafood tasted old and there was no other flavor to it other than the roux coming through. A very kind waiter exchanged it for the ya-ya, but this too was flavorless! Even the andouille had no flavor whatsoever!  Just more roux taste. We had to abandon it. 
Their famed BBQ shrimp were ok ... flavorful spices mixed into otherwise pure melted butter, how could that be so bad?
Get out of the Quarter and go eat for real.DONT GO IF MONEY IS AN OBJECT. BUT if it's not thus place is great. Excellent fish tasty veggies and home made ice cream with chocolate sauce. Drinks any size shape or color.  Repeat often.Excellent Food. Best pork chop ive ever had. Service was good..skip the bread though its nothing special. Be sure to make a reservation.Highly recommend the bbq shrimp paired w duck horn Merlot or a nice refreshing beer. Several locals raved about the bbq shrimp here and they were right. Sat at the bar had great service and got a tip on this dish... Ask for extra bread, you'll want it to soak up every drop of this sauce. The bread in the bag that they bring is better than the bread the dish is served with.Yup. You heard it. From this guy. 5 friggin . Off the chart brunch on a rainy water up to the curb Sunday with crazy jazz. Cocktails...gin fizz.  Yup. Screwdrivers.  Check. Irish coffee. Nailed it. So we had a plethora of food. Gumbos, eggs benny, chicken, brisket grits and eggs. All outstanding. And Francisco was hands down the coolest cat in the room running the bar like a house champ. All the food was off the chart. Best meal in town so far...put some grits behind my ears so I can have some laterGreat food at the bar. They could have been a little bit more friendly but apparently it was family meal time so I dont begrudge them that since I'm in the service industry everybody's gotta eat. Don't go btwn 4 and 430. But i still dropped 70 bucks. And the people that came in after us got a " hey how ya doin" and we got " you guys hungry?" Whatever. It's goodGumbo is indeed as good as people say.
I sat at the bar and ordered the seafood gumbo.  It came with a loaf of French bread that was crisp on the outside and the soft on the inside.  Gumbo was one of the best I've had.
I think I saw some complaints about service in the other comments.  This was not the case for my visit.  Bartender was friendly and service was quick.Nice place. Great location across from Hotel Monteleone. A little pricey. Pork Chop was amazing! Very tender. It cut like butter. Bread pudding was awesome. Bar drinks were nice and strong.BBQ Shrimp!! Wow!  It was truly amazingly delicious!  ! It's was described to us as the best in the city and I believe it.  The lamb chops with mint pesto sauce were awesome, and the gumbo was perfectly spiced and flavorful! The cheesecake and white chocolate brownie were decadent and delicious.  The wait staff was exceptional!  We will be back!!!!!Strolled to Mr. B's  for an 11:30 lunch reservation.  Thought it was a very nice restaurant and  I had awesome service.  I am a messy eater to begin with, so I was worried about ordering the BBQ shrimp, but this was my reason for visiting the place so I had to suck it up and do it.  I started with a blood orange margarita, for $3.  Gotta like those lunch time specials! 
Then I ordered the Gumbo Ya Ya ($7).  I am no expert on gumbo at all.  In fact, the only time I've had it is at Emeril's in Miami.  I didn't think much of it honestly.  BUT, today, my mind was changed forever.  This gumbo was so delicious.  So flavourful with layers!  So good!  That andouille, chicken and broth was too good for words.   I know that if I lived here, this is one thing I'd order each time I came here. 
Then onto the BBQ shrimp ($18).  I was outfitted with a bib, and that was a good thing as I had many splatters on it by the time I was finished.  My server gave me a little lesson...hold the tail side to the left with my left hand.  Unwrap the shell, but don't worry about the feet til after.  Ewwww, those things are feet?  I never knew that before today!  With my long fingernails, this was a little work, but so worth it.  First  picture is how it looked when it was served, and then next picutre is the reward after I got the shell off!  The BBQ sauce was just insanely good.  Butter, worster sauce, lemon, garlic, etc. etc.  It would be fun to bathe in it.  Thank goodness there was french bread to dip it in, which was the next best thing...
Loved this place!I love this bistro!
I came here on a busy night during Mardi Gras, and was told I would have to wait at least 45 minutes. Got seated within 20, and that was only the start of my wonderful night.
THE FOOD was absolutely delicious. I ordered the BBQ Shrimp as well as the Seafood Gumbo as appetizer. It was like nothing I have ever tasted before, and I realized that I am in love with Cajun food.
THE SERVICE was marvelous. My server was so sweet and attentive, I left 50% tip. I felt like a baby when he put the bib on me.
THE ATMOSPHERE was as good as it gets. It was a dim-lighted room, with lots of New Orleans flair. 
If I ever visit New Orleans again, I will make a note to visit again :)Whenever I go to a high end restaurant, I ask the server to please evaluate what we've ordered and make any comments and suggestions.  I believe our server was Joseph and a 10 year veteran of Mr. Bs.  Thanks to him, we changed our orders and everyone (4 of us) were thrilled with the result.  My scallops were (4 huge U10s) were perfecty seared and tender in an amazing sauce.  The fried oyster appetizer was crispy and tender, the lamb chops looked wonderful and the BBQ shrimp was tasty and fun to eat and the bread was perfect for soaking up the fantastic sauce.  The wine list included many of our favorites and the service was beyond informative and friendly.  I plan to visit Mr. Bs again on my next visit to NO.Had the risotto crawfish cake and jumbo shrimp in the most delicious Creole sauce as a special. Yes yes yes. The Royal street salad dressing was amazing!!!This is such an authentic grown up new orleans jazz brunch. I loved every detail. The Sunday jazz band at brunch. The waitstafff was impecably attentive. My drink was never empty and there was never a crumb on my table.  The shrimp and grits were UNBELIEVABLE and the hollandaise sauce on the benedict was the best we've had.  Love the old school vibe of this place. Worth ever penny.  You musnt miss it!We had reservations which I Recommen! We had three dinner meals in NOLA on a recent Spring Break visit. All were very good, But Mr B's Bistro was ahead of the pack. 
Service was excellent, atmosphere is refined and classic, but very comfortable. Wait staff was super attentive but not overly so. Professional is my best description.
The four of us all ordered different entrees and it was hard to tell what was best. We shared two appetizers. To a dish, they were all excellent.
.
Deserts were very good and the expression was just right after dinner.Wow--loved this place. Great service, and a surprisingly nice gluten-free menu. Ask the server to see the GF menu, and they'll get you a special version. The bacon-wrapped shrimp with grits was outrageous. SO good. The ambiance is a bit crowded but nice--not a cheap spot, but very worth the price.Went here for lunch after a funeral service. It was not a happy day but the salmon salad was delicious. The atmosphere is nice and the staff are friendly. I also like that its so close to my house. Perfect for  date nightThis is truly a New Orleans landmark! Make reservations!! The wait staff is amazing!! Our sever was Michael, very nice but Otis was the the best! He took care of us with bread, out bibs for the barbecued shrimp (fantastic!), water and a smile every time! Mr Bs Irish coffee was very tasty as well. I would definitely returnIt's hard to get a day-of reservation, especially on the weekends. Fortunately if you are planning on dining alone or in a pair, it is easily to find seats at the bar where they have full menu service. 
The bar is a little understaffed, and with all of the drink orders coming in from the tables, there is a high possibility that you will overlooked. Still, I commend the bartender who was serving me for being as attentive as he possibly could (which was very little attention). 
I ordered the seafood gumbo and the braised pork belly from the appetizer menu. The gumbo was good, but not particularly outstanding. Compared to the other gumbos I'd had the past few days, I'd say that it would rank about average. The braised pork belly on the other hand was phenomenal. The smokiness and sweetness (from the glazed pears) of the pork went very well together. The lightly dressed baby spinach salad was a perfect complement to the appetizer. Very well done! I only wish I had a bigger piece of pork belly!!
I'd definitely recommend this restaurant for out-of-town visitors and for anyone you really, really want to impress. :)We ended up eating at the bar and had the burger, a Pim's Cup, the Gumbo Ya-Ya, and the Bistro salad. I didn't put the burger down once and everything else was great!Mr. B's came highly recommended, and it did not disappoint!
The barbecued shrimp signature dish was to die for!  It was flavorful yet not too rich - we absolutely loved it!  The seafood gumbo was also excellent.  The Creole catfish was good, though not great.
We also enjoyed our brunch cocktails - I had the Bloody Mary (the $1.50 price point was incredible!) my friend had the Champagne Royal. 
The complimentary, hot out of the oven French bread was also amazing!
The service was wonderful, and the old school atmosphere was elegant and classy.  
Overall, a fabulous dining experience!One of my favorite in New Orleans! My favorite dish is mr. B's barbecued shrimp. Very big gulf shrimp w really rich bbq butter sauce. It is really yummy but a bit messy to eat.Kinda disappointed The price was really high and it's not that good Our table isn't clean and the food wasn't good I ordered bbq shrimp super disappointed but my boyfriend ordered something with chicken he said its alright Anyway we payed about 80$Save your money. I cook better tasting food than this place.I'm totally catching up on my reviews for the past couple of months and it seems like I have been very fortunate to have tried some very great eats! Mr. B's was our last dining experience before we headed home the next day and I am so glad we were able to stop by. Cajun food is always so tasty to me because of the bold flavors and of course many of the dishes feature fresh seafood. Mr. B's reminds you off an olden day bistro where ad men come to eat and wine and dine their fancy clients! Maybe I'm anticipating the return of Mad Men, but ah, I digress! We didn't have a sit down dinner but rather grabbed a few seats at the bar and got to know the bartenders. I still dream about Mr. B's BBQ shrimp. Don't be fooled by the name. The shrimp is juicy, plump, and so full of buttery goodness. I was on the fringe of licking my plate!! My second fav dish is actually a side dish. It's the grits in the shrimp and grits plate.I'm usually not a fan of grits but these were amazing. Again, rich in flavor and oh so creamy. We happily finished the meal with a side of the pecan pie. Again, never thought I was a fan but Mr. B's changed my mind. I'm not sure if I would come back to New Orleans anytime soon but if I could hop on a jet and dine at Mr. B's, I'd go in a heart beat!Great jazz Sunday Brunch!! The food is excellent and the 3 instrument floating jazz band is awesome. The band is comprised of 3 older gentlemen who are fun, talented & play an assortment of tunes. We had 2 cappuccinos and split a muffuletta and the bread pudding. Both were delicious! The only reason I gave it 4 out of 5 stars is the price. $22 for a muffuletta half the size of the one at Central Grocery but then again, you're paying for the ambience as well. Overall, a great experience!!I haven't been here since the storm, so I cannot testify to the current state of the restaurant.  What I can say was Mr. B's was one of the handful of restaurants I visited when I decided that New Orleans has the best food in the entire country-- yes, and by a landslide.
BBQ shrimp here was life changing.  Service is over the top impeccable.  I wonder if this place remains as good as before.  I hope so.  What a gem.