Please read!!! Tourist trap, Completely and totally overrated and completely did I say completely again overpriced! , the food is tasteless along with small portions, I ordered the grilled seafood platter which I can tell you I'm almost certain nothing on that plate was fresh, I honestly feel robed paying $25 for  a plate of tasteless possibly frozen food then when I voiced my frustration to the waiter all I got was "well that's the way it is" like he already knew this, which made me mad, I eat out all the team when i travel or at home i dont mind spending alot of money on food but I refuse to waste money as I did when I visited this restaurant,  this place is a rip off, four star price with drive through quality food, I was really excited to go here, now I am sure i will never return or recommend this place to any friends or family, I recommend Deanies Seafood!!! on Iberville st. for any first time visitors to Nola like myself or any one looking for a quality fresh cooked meal not some frozen box filth.I went there twice in January 2012 while in New Orleans for a convention. The first time was for supper on a Saturday evening; I went there mainly because it was nearby my hotel (the Embassy Suites) on Julia Street. As I recall, I was seated immediately, but, seemingly since I was by myself, I was ignored for about ten minutes. That gave me enough time to notice that the establishment was not very clean. Eventually, a server attended to me, at which time I ordered a beer (a Red Stripe, I believe). After looking at the menu -- and noticing just how very expensive all the entrees were, mostly over $20 -- I settled for a bowl of gumbo for $13. After a fairly short wait, the gumbo was thrown in front of me. Having had gumbo prepared by native Cajuns before, I found this gumbo to be heavy on flavourless broth. I was not impressed. This "meal," with the $7 beer (even for an import, VERY expensive for New Orleans!) and automatically added 20% gratuity, came to $22. A few days later, a couple of friends/colleagues and I returned there for lunch; they insisted that they wanted to try Mulate's, so I reluctantly acquiesced after warning them that it was not at all up to the hype. This time, a lunch menu was available, if I recall correctly, and the prices were still very high. Unfortunately, this time, I was quite hungry, so I had to bite the bullet and order the muffaletta lunch, which included the muffaletta sandwich and fries. I also ordered a Red Stripe again. Overall, the portion sizes were small, and the food was very bland in flavour. It was particularly unimpressive when the bill came to $27. There is a place in Illinois where I attended university (known to be a bit on the expensive side) that has this exact lunch for $12 total. I cannot recommend Mulate's. They may have Zydeco bands playing there at night, but that same scene can be found countless other places in the city, including in the nearby French Quarter. As for food, if you're near the convention centre, there are Cajun "fast food" joints on the riverwalk just a couple of blocks away that offer more flavourful food/drink, larger portion sizes, and much cheaper prices than Mulate's. Go there. Or walk or take the trolley to the French Quarter.Food was good. Home style cooking across the street from the Riverwalk. Had the fried sampler. Pretty simple yet flavorful. Compared to many of the upscale modern culinary options close by it's a change of pace if you're looking for comfort and authentic N'awlins flavor.Great atmosphere for family dining and dancing--even the littles were dancing all night!  The food was great and don't skip dessert! The bread pudding was the star of the meal ;) My group thoroughly enjoyed our evening of food and Cajun music!! We will be back our next trip to NOLA!This unfortunately was the worst place I've eaten in New Orleans. I gave this place a try even after the mediocre reviews just because maybe they might have tried to improve some things but I have never had red beans and rice soooo bad. I honestly wish I had gone to Popeyes and got it, would have been so much better. The fried catfish was blah but the bad red beans and rice made me so upset I couldn't believe it! People come to New Orleans to eat, if you can't provide a great dining experience particularly around a local favorite here....you should really question what is going wrong in your establishment.Unimpressed, unfriendly staff with sub par food. Music was great and that is the only upside here. Many many more $$ restaurants in NOLA ..This could have been even better than I expected but after getting a couple recommendations from locals to try this place, I was a little disappointed. Granted I was in for a conference with thousands of nurses and I know many places were super busy due to us but when I order food I don't think it should come out luke warm which is what my jambalaya came out like so I had to send it back. Two other nurses also had the same problem but they did not send theirs back. My jambalaya was very good  but felt like the service and everything could have been better.2 Dishes: Panéed Chicken Pasta and Grilled Chicken Pasta
2 Bites
2 Words: Life ChangingAwesome catfish, and Stacy provided exceptional service.  First time here, and would recommend for lunch.This was one of the worst experiences I had in New Orleans. Our waiter was worse that bad. First of all, when we came in, it took him 15 minutes to come to our table. Then it took another 10 minutes for him to bring our drinks and it took him 25 minutes to bring out salad dressing for my salad.  We were in the restaurant for one hour and fifteen minutes before we got our food, which was average.
Then, he just disappeared. And, since we were a party of eight, we had to pay the stupid 18 percent tip for the bad service. We complained to the manager (who had to bus our table because this guy was so bad) and he didn't seem to care. Do yourself a favor. Find somewhere with better service and better management. Totally not worth it.Me gusto el ambiente, la atención, los platos y los precios, en contra que cierran temprano y que alguien vio un ratoncillo (yo no lo vi) pero les comparto el dato.Mulates is a place I seem to end up at almost every time I'm in New Orleans. The Po Boys are very good and service is generally quick once you get a table. The lunch rush can be really busy and waiting 45 minutes is not unheard of. 
This is close to the convention center so a lot of lunch traffic comes from there.  It's a nice change from a $9 hot dog in the convention center!  If you wait until a little after 1:00 pm for lunch, your wait will be much shorter.The service was above par! I love Jeremy at the bar! Very attentive and good at multitasking with bar orders, to go orders, and drinks! I cannot say enough good things about him as a bartender!! I later called while busy and David quickly accepted my call not knowing what he was getting into. Only reason for the 4 was the alfredo had separated by the time I received my food by no fault of my server, Jeremy. Super busy with graduation parties so food runners were probably behind! I get that understanding the food industry but I was taken care of with that happily!! It was such a pleasurable experience even if not perfect! Things happen but what matters is service!!! They provide!Not terrible but for the price the food was bleh. It's a shame that in such a prime location that tourists frequent they are unwilling to innovate and show what New Orleans cuisine is really like. Honestly Copland's is better for the price. If your a tourist, do yourself a favor, travel down magazine and go to shyas or brigtsens both great non offensive versions of New Orleans cuisine, one traditional and the other innovative.Service was fine but the food was less than good. Four adults and all of said we wouldn't be back. Jambalaya was dry as the desert, swear it had been there since lunch.
Only thing that was good was the French bread and the music.Delicious food, unfortunately overpriced but it's about a block from the Convention Center and lots of hotels. I always had unwaveringly friendly, quick service at both tables and the bar. 
The clientele seemed to be mainly tourists during the lunch and dinner rushes, and mainly locals between typical mealtimes. The atmosphere was nice and casual, got loud at times but great band in the evening. 
Bite Sized Catfish- very tasty! While they're fried you really can't tell, they're not oily at all, which I appreciated. You get a whole basketful, enough to share between a few people at least.
Zydeco Meat Pies- yummy little meat pies. Nothing really "zydeco" about them, not very spicy at all. 
Zydeco Gumbo- good, lots of meat. Nicer balance of spices than most of the gumbos I had in town. 
Shrimp & Corn Bisque- my favorite food here. I nearly licked the cup clean... the second time I got a bowl, which was HUGE! 
& the coffee was nice and dark, better than at the local coffee place.The food here was ok, but our service was great! I'll start with the food: most of it is fried, though there are a few grilled options. I had the grilled Cajun seafood platter and the crawfish tails were virtually tasteless; the rest was mediocre. The one exception in this meal: the turtle cheesecake...awesome!
The service and the atmosphere, however, were great! Our server, whose name I cannot remember, was really honest about the menu and had some good advice on what we should order and how it should be prepared (he likes everything blackened, but if you're not into spicy that may not be a good choice for you). He was funny and chimed in on our conversation whenever he came over, but he wasn't annoying and didn't hover unnecessarily. 
The live music is also great! There's a little dance floor in the back right in front or the band so some adorable couples were doing a little Cajun two-step--a good taste of NoLA.Decent food but clearly targeting tourists as there were TONS of out of towners. We came for the music and dancing and it was good. The band sang my husband happy birthday and they were super nice about it.Alligator appetizers and Albita draft beer. Great location..main courses so-so.We came in here because we had a conference across the street. We ordered an appetizer, our server Tyler, brought us our fried alligator and didn't bring plates, some of the alligator looked like it was shrimp. Then, our boys' meals were brought to us, and we never got utensils or napkins. Our boys went and took them from other tables. The mandarin oranges that came with the kid's meal, looked old and mushy. I would not recommend this place. The service was bad.I was excited to eat some Cajun food and after a quick research I decided to go tot this restaurant. 
I ordered the seafood gumbo which was the worst one I ever had which came with rice...waaaay over cooked, the cat fish was mediocre and the small house salad was the best thing I had with the Big easy IPA, very nice. I ate at the bar and the barman was in such a bad mood, mumbling to himself, he must have had a long day, I felt bad for him. 
(Funny: talking to one of the employees he confirmed that the seafood gumbo was the worst and I asked the barman if my choices were appropriate or u should order other things....)
Very disappointing.ok. Maybe I would have over looked that the food was a bit too salty, maybe I would have over looked my friend's comments that they didnt do fried alligator very well (it tasted like chicken btw), maybe I would have accepted that the gumbo is way too smokey and watery and salty, and maybe I can accept that their food might have needed more rice to balance it out. 
HOWEVER, I cannot accept the fact for charging 2 dollars for splitting a meal without any warning from a waiter or mention in the menu. As the Alumni of my school said, "that is just bullshit."  WTF, Mulate?! 
Though they were really cool about splitting the bill for a crowd of 17 people, its still not a good place for groups because of the overly loud music that plays in the evening. Sure its a sight to see for tourists for the first 5 minutes. but i'm tired of carrying a conversation in a very strugglingly loud voice. Also, there is no option for a round table. (which is awesome for conversing) 
I'm sorry mulate. you just suck. btw, your service was also rude.Best meal we had in New Orleans. My husband ordered the special of the day called blacken redfish?  I forget but he loved it and talks about it all the time. I'm dieting so very overpriced grilled chicken salad was just like any other. If your kid is 2 and Hartley eats just bring him something or let them eat off yours since the kids stuff is 9-12 bucks with no milk!Tourist place ok food, not a place were locals may go. but you'll a  decent time.Came here for lunch because it was near the convention.  The food is okay, but not that good.  I got a fried catfish po boy with crawfish ettoufee topping (about $19).  The crawfish ettoufee tasted moderately good, but not as good as Acme.  The catfish pieces were small (bite size pieces) which was kind of weird, and didn't have much taste.  I had to smother it with hot sauce, even after putting the ettoufee on top of it for flavor.  The po boy bread was nothing special and kind of soft and stale.  The prices were high.  The server was nice though.  You should only come here if you're stuck at a convention and need a lunch place to walk to, but still, there's a few better places within walking distance.Service was bad. Do not order the coconut mojito! Re-ordered another drink and it was NEVER bought out! I ordered the jambalaya and it was very dry and bland unfortunately. No bueno!Our waitress Jaimee was sweet & fast. she was also very attentive. Food was delicious and very authentic. The seafood was soooo fresh I could hear the water with every bite. This is a must stop everytime I visit.One star: because Yelp will not allow Zero!! Slow service even at the bar, poor service , and bad food (over cooked and poorly seasoned). This place has mastered mediocrity. Way to many amazing places just blocks from here ..Total greasy spoon tourist trap. The people here are so freaking nice they deserve a mention. You can find live music most nights. We had lunch which was a huge challenge for my vegetarian self. Everything had shellfish, ham, alligator, or was fried. Might be great hangover food. Either way, you're going to get a huge pour of whatever beverage you order and the friendliest service you'll ever have.We stopped by Mulate's because it was conveniently located near the Port of New Orleans, which was where we were staying. It was also pretty highly-regarded. Still, I was a bit hesitant because it had a meh review on Yelp. Nevertheless, I had an overall fun experience there. 
Because we spent a large part of our trip to New Orleans rolling around from one restaurant to another, we weren't too hungry so we ended up splitting a few appetizers amongst each other. We tried the Zydeco gumbo, which I loved. The etouffe was also pretty good. The BBQ shrimp would have been better if it hadn't been so salty. The boudin was kind of flavorless, so I think that might have been the only miss on our list. 
I did also steal some of the bf's grilled alligator. I tried alligator once before, but I liked it a lot more at Mulates. I would definitely come back for that. My brother's vegetarian pasta was also surprisingly very flavorful. 
I guess overall, the food was pretty good, but I don't necessarily know if it was worth the price. I feel like you can get similar tasting food at home at lower prices. 
I would otherwise give the restaurant a three stars, but the entertainment is pretty fun. They have live music out and a lot of dancing. It was a a lot of fun watching my grandma tear it up on the dance floor. Between that and the incredibly friendly service who dealt with our 21 person group very smoothly, I think I have to give the place another star.7 of us went to NOLA on a vacation and had Multantes for lunch.  Our waiter was one of the worse I've ever had and the food  was below average compared to other places I've had.  I would recommend skipping over this restaurantHighly recommend!  In a four day trip I had the crawfish etouffee twice-- it was that good.   The portions were NOLA style generous and the platter came with a nice side of steamed vegetables.  The location is great-- warehouse district-- along a strip of hotels, walking distance of the superdome and outlet mall.  Why not 5 stars-- staff pleasant, a little slow, not memorable service. #chifoodie #foodtourism #NOLAtourismThe restaurant was mostly empty even though there was a very lively band.  The grilled gator and catfish bites were incredibly salty, as was the crawfish ettoufee.  Even the hot sauce was salty.  Overall, the food could have been much, much better.We only stopped in Mulate's for lunch but it was delicious!  Locals recommended dining there in the evening to enjoy some of the local entertainment as well.  We had the Catfish Mulate's which was awesome, you get a little taste of almost everything NOLA is known for.  I also got a cup of the Zydeco Gumbo, I should have gotten a bowl!  This was the best gumbo I had on the trip! What this place lacks in service speed they make up for in flavor! Highly recommend a stop here.Came here for a dinner around 730 with five other people. We were sat right away which was great and our server greeted us pretty quickly. They had live music playing in the venue was pretty cool inside. Each table had checkered tablecloth's and give a really fun, casual vibe. Our drinks came quickly and the food took about 30 minutes or so to come out, which was very quick for our large group. It's where the food came in that This review lost some stars. I ordered a fried shrimp Po boy and it tasted like any other restaurants' barfood. It wasn't flavorful or anything that I would remember and I only ate half of my sandwich - it just tasted too greasy and not enough like shrimp. My other colleague ordered the stuffed shrimp and they were overcooked. They also forgot a couple of our appetizers and brought them after our meal was delivered. If you're looking for a place that will give you a quick bite to eat, this is not a bad place to go. However, if you're looking for a really delicious meal while you're in New Orleans, I'd look elsewhere.Really good crawfish étouffée. Very tasty and strong Virgin Island Painkiller if you like cocktails. Definitely will go back.If your trip takes you by the convention center, warehouse or lower garden district in NOLA, try this dining place. It's kitty corner from the convention center. They serve down home Cajun/Creole food in an expansive vibrant indoor New Orleans themed dining place I was almost tempted to order BBQ off the bat. I opted for a plate of crawfish etouffee. It was great. I would have wanted to try more in their menu but their serving of etouffee was already rather large for my lunch break. I needed to stay up for more lectures back in the convention center right after lunch.The quality of the food and service is not worth the value of it. The jambalaya wasn't good and it was served cold. The music has nothing to do with the soul and spirit of New Orleans. Nobody from the restaurant knows that the parking outside is free. The service is poor.The bread pudding was very delicious! The alligator was very good! Twice baked potatoes are good. My boyfriend and I were very happy we stopped!We get there (party of two). We see empty tables with four chairs. We are told the wait is thirty to forty five minutes.
OK, we sit at the bar. Service is always good at the bar, right? Not at this place. We became the invisible couple. The food. Meh!Food was not good and seafood was room temperature. Waitstaff didn't come by to check on us much had to keep finding her and asking for thingsThis is a must for anybody traveling to Nee Orleans. I recommend that you go at night when the band is playing. Everything is always wonderful. I eat here every time I come to New Orleans just to get the shrimp. The blackened fish is good but still my favorite is the shrimp and oysters.Food is good. Grilled Seafood platter is our favorite. Good service. We mainly go here for the atmosphere. They have a Cajun band that plays every evening at 7, 7 days a week. The kids love it. They have a dance floor were couples can get up and dance. Fun times for families.This place had pretty good food and big portions! We had a fried seafood platter and split it for two of us and overall it was good! We also had some different appetizers and the meat pies were the favorite for sure! Drinks were alright, my sazerac is not what I had expected, but still okay! Not a bad stop to try some New Orleans and Cajun food. Great service as well!We checked into our hotel in the Warehouse District and Mulate's was our place to eat for the night after traveling on the road for hours. While we were hoping to get some good New Orleans food. That wasn't the case here. We sent the jambalaya back- dried rice with horrible tasting over-cooked sausage (no shrimp or chicken). Their wings had no seasoning at all. The fried shrimp platter was the only thing good. Top shelf margarita $13 and you couldn't taste the liquor. We spent $72 (tip included) and this place wasn't worth it. Go to Mother's the food is  better. We got more food here for $20 less.Great local food recommended for lunch definitely. Red beans and rice with meat is a hearty way to get through the day, especially with a glass of sweet tea.Family friendly and delicious food.  We had three adults and two kids in our group having lunch.  Everything was wonderful and tasty.  We had five different plates.  There was the fried sea food platter, grille sea food platter, grilled stuffed crab, and one shrimp and chicken kids pastas.This place is over priced, the service is terrible, and I was not blown away.  Each member of my party ended up having abdominal distress after eating here.Great food great service, and to top it off our waiter Jeremy was sooo AMAZING!  We plan on an annual visit just to see him again...oh and the food and drink topped it off.This place was amazing. The fried gator and stuffed catfish were to die for. Must stop by.Went with a group of 5 and after a 45 min. wait we were seated. The service was good for as busy as they were. The food is good but not the best I've had in NOLA. I go for the music.I love gumbo and my bowl was large and packed with flavor.   I added Louisiana hot sauce and with the side of rice finished it with gusto!Food was just ok. Servers were friendly. Everything seemed jumbo sized, including the drinks. Seafood platter was massive and so was the steak entree with shrimp. Both were ok. The gumbo had a more gritty texture.Food tastes good and was plentiful for my friends and I in regards to what we ordered. They have a live band and dancing so expect to scream if you want to carry a conversation. Waiters were very busy so it was hard to flag one down. Main let down was the pricing, kinda on the high end.Terrible surf and turf. Weird place!  150.00 for 3 people.  What was good was red beans and rice and appetizer of meat pies.This is an awesome place in New Orleans! They've been around for quite a while and it's located right across from the convention center, so very convenient for dinner if you are in town for a show. The cajun / creole food here is excellent, everything I've tried here is great. And the place is big, it's like a big dance hall and they often have live music as well. A very cool place.After reading Tony K's BRILLIANT review of Mulate's, I'm more convinced than ever that people who bash this place simply don't get it.  
Given how close this restaurant is to the convention center, there's going be an endless amount of customers coming here and, fearful of the uncompromising food culture of New Orleans, they will pick the sorts of meals they typically order at their neighborhood Applebees - and then grouse when the offering from the kitchen doesn't have the consistency of warmed-over ground donkey meat seasoned with Paul Newman pasta sauce .
If that's what you seek when you visit Mulates, keep on going.  
New Orleans had plenty of chain restaurants.
Mulates isn't for you.
If you're willing, however, to immerse yourself in the butter-soaked New Orleans food culture, hardened arteries be dammed, Mulates will offer a rewarding experience and a tasty meal.
Given how uneven the rest of the entrees were at my table, and the resoundingly average pecan pie (what the heck, this is south, you guys should be able to KILL a pecan pie) I can't go much higher than three stars but, still, I can't be disingenuous just for the sake of being diffident - I enjoyed my meal and you will as well, provided you stick to what they can do well.Delicious homestyle cooking. 
I had the Mulate's Muffuletta and it was full of flavor and delicious. The olive tapenade was very flavorful. 
Also tried the seafood sample to try the frog legs. Lots of fried food. The tilapia was bland, but the frog legs were tasty. 
A big finish with the bread pudding with rum sauce. Outstanding!!Not impressed by my experience at Mulate's.  Was in town for a friends bachelorette and we had just wrapped up a swamp tour.  The tour bus driver dropped us off in front of Mulate's and those first off went inside to request a table for lunch.  As I was stepping off the bus one of the girls came out to say they wouldn't seat us until all the party was inside.  I walked in expecting to find a line and there was one other table inside the entire huge restaurant.  So why they tude from the hostess when insisting we all be inside at that moment?  The hostess seemed like a very unpleasant person.  All of the items on the menu were overpriced.  It was ~ $17.99 for a house salad with chicken.  There was zero lunch menu priced items and all of the items were $14.99 and up.  Service was slow even as we remained one of the only other tables in the restaurant.  Shortly after lunch several of the girls complained of unwell stomachs.  Mulate's is not on my lists of places to revisit or recommend.Our first visit to NOLA and this restaurant was recommended to us by the hotel staff at the Courtyard.
Awesome food! Crawfish étouffée was superb, and the bread puddin was incredible. Great service... Great time. Nice micro brewery selection.Sooooo delicious that I have to hurry up and book my flight back to New Orleans! Stayed here for a couple of days on business trip and enjoyed the blackened crawfish tail seafood pasta.Straight Fire Fam
etouffe strong
crawfish strong
twice baked potato strong
crawfish au gratin strong
get the picture. they food game strong AF
shit expensive
try it out doeLoved this place! We wanted good creole/Cajun food. Service was great and food was delicious 
I had catfish mulates and my husband had jambalaya and zydeco gumbo.Blackened redfish was a little overdone - still good.  Not the best seafood but fun place.  When the Cajun band cranks up it is fun. I haven't danced in over 10 years. Got on the floor and had fun.Not impressed at all. Gumbo was served warm and was very watery. Not worth the price.Stopped in through a recommendation from our hotel. Wanted authentic local cuisine. Ordered the calamari and onion rings as appetizers, both were delicious. The shrimp po boy was good but the shrimp weren't fully cleaned. Was disappointed the shrimps "waste" wasn't removed prior to service. Good atmosphere and service.It was a party of 9 i was a part of.  We all loved our food.  I ordered the triple shrimp platter. Skewered, fried, and also in a sauce topped with cheese. Included twice baked potato, homemade coleslaw. Shrinp sauce best i tasted. Good ole southern music and environment.The food was okay however the prices wasn't. The quality and quantity don't match the price.The waitress was not friendly, she was rude when we questioned her...so least to say I went be going back thereWe have liked Mulates for years when visiting NOLA.  The food is consistently good and they usually have a fun band for live music.  Each time we have been back to the city I have noticed the prices keep going up and up.  It is across the street from the convention center so it seems to me they are going for the tourist / convention group route rather than focusing on serving great food at a decent price.  There are plenty of other yummy reasonable choices in the area, so I think we are done.I thought this restaurant was so amazing that during my 6 day trip to NOLA, I ate here 3 times!! The Boudin, Zydeco Gumbo and Zydeco Salad are all truly amazing!! I look forward to visitng NOLA again next year and will definitely visit Mulate's again!I ordered the stuffed catfish. It was better than expected!  Coleslaw was yummy as well.Mediocre food, but a great open dining room with live Zydeco music, dancing and family-friendly fun. The waitress was a little unfriendly. Food was way overpriced and bland. This place misses the mark. It could be so cool if the food was a little better and more reasonably priced AND if the workers were welcoming. How about offering two-step lessons on the dance floor? I love the original Blue Dog paintings.Best food we have eaten in NO so far. Blackened grilled alligator chunks and grilled ousters are delicious. We also tried the cajun seafood platter- that was great too! Staff is very nice and pleasant. We were not planning to have desert but the waitress brought the actual assortment after which we all picked one. Great place.They were great for handling a large group of chemists, there was live music and dancing, and I had a really good pecan brown ale.
I ordered the grilled catfish, which as I should have known, there is no such thing as grilled in N'awlins.  The fish was breaded and greasy (so I think that translates to fried).  My twice baked potato was nom-licious, and the veggies were pretty good.  Also, we had the fried alligator appetizer, which was also pretty yummy, but mostly just tasted like something vaguely chewy in a giant shell of deep fry.It took us almost 2 hours to get a table even though there were plenty of open tables. They would not take reservations when we tried to make one earlier in the week. They only split the bill 5 ways, which was a big problem for us attending for work. The food was okay, but not good enough to make up for the price, wait and rude front staff. The place is very loud with flickering lighting. With so many amazing restaurants in New Orleans, choose somewhere else.Touristee.  Over priced and not that good.  There has to be better places in this town than here! I can get this food in ANY city.....
Again, i got totally locked out of my previous yelp account,  but I live on the road.
Two things really did this in:
1- spices.  No innovation.  I can get everything at the local market. Bland. Lack of piz- zaz.
2- UN-SANITARY!!!!!!!.  DO  NOT get a mixed drink!  We saw servers mauling the garnishes prior to placing them in drinks.  Dipping their fingers into the drinks before delivering them. We saw them outside smoking. ...  Do you think they washed their hands before touching that drink?  I don't.   We didn't see the bartenders washing their hands as they grabbed the mint leaves prior to going in the drinks.
Im ALL for dirty spoon joints, but this isn't one of them.  
Definitely one and done.Good place for lunch. Caters to the tourist crowd and does a nice job of serving up the region's specialties. They were able to accommodate my GLUTEN FREE requirements but did not have a separate menu. The server was not familiar with GF needs but quickly found a more experienced server who did and they advised me of the things I should/ could order (grilled items only). They did a good job. I had the grilled alligator appetizer and the grilled catfish with rice and sautéed veggies. Never had alligator before and liked it; it's a white meat, a little oily but not much. They did not use any Cajun seasonings as they contained gluten. This was a bonus for me as a gluten free diner. Many places don't know that there is often gluten in spices and my server/ the restaurant did.Disgusting: the shrimp gumbo (along with crunchy rice) and the muffuletta were both really bad, and the BBQ shrimp were beyond rubbery.  Save a lot of money and skip this place!Eating here was definitely a treat!! We ran across this spot and decided to try it! It was delicious ! I had the shrimp platter and jambalaya. I also tried the catfish bites and they too were delicious! This place has a great atmosphere and is large enough to cover big parties. The service is not the fastest so that is the only reason why I didn't give it a five star rating. Great spot to go when you come to New Orleans!Service and food were nice and fast but holy moly this place over priced for absolutely underwhelming food.The music was very loud and the food was decent. A little pricy but it was late and local. I had the grilled catfish. Add the blackened if you get it. It was cover with jambalaya and served with cole slaw, red beans and rice, and a half of a twice baked potato. All for $24. 
There was a band playing and we sat close to the front where it was hard to carry on a conversation. Fun atmosphere otherwise.Terrible food and price outrageous, seafood gumbo had the odor of a liter box. The mushroom appetizer was marginal. The house salad small and priced at $5.99. At least it was edible. Oh, and the iced tea, $3.50.Food was overlooked, soaked in oil and wait staff mixed up our order. Finally, although they are trying to become more known, their payment systems are backwards and unprofessional.I came to New Orleans on a quick weekend getaway.  My friend found this restaurant and we were very impressed. Had live music and dancing. We ordered our food and damn it was good. We also got the bread pudding. Many places claim they make good bread pudding but Mulate's doesn't.  They make amazing, outstanding bread pudding.  I was glad we found this place.Zydeco meat pies a bit dry but the side dip was good 
Jambalaya was average over cooked sausage but decent flavor 
Ok if needing quick average foodIt,s been almost two years since I've been there and still crave the gumbo. On a motorcycle trip around the country I happened into Mulate,s
and can say I had the best cajun experience. The food was incredible.Started with zydeco gumbo ,still crave it.Then had grilled/blackened catish w/twice baked potato. To top it off was a great tradational zydeco band,with all the locals dancing.The irony is that when I got home I watched Alton Brown "Feasting on asphalt" and his first stop was Mulate's. A Must when you go to New Oreans!!!Staff was really nice. Waitress was super friendly and informative. Food was good. Very convenient to the convention center.I resent that I have to take the time to type to leave a one star review after paying all that money.  We were aware of the Yelp reviews but other places were really busy, and there also the good reviews, but this was a bad experience.   First, the hosts didn't seem to know how to seat the 4 of us.  
The food really is greasy and fried in a way that is very heavy.   My grilled crab was even greasy.   Then the chicken pasta dish had a HAIR in it but we had already lost our appetites.   And after that was taken off the bill, it was still way overpriced for the low quality.   
Only good thing was our polite waiter Matthew.  He'll move on to something better very soon I am sure.  Most of the staff seems to hang outside smoking.   
If greasy fried food and lots of little kids are your thing, then hey, go for it.   
Probably better to go out earlier for a better restaurant. 
If this is your only option you'd be better to find a grocery store.   Rouse's is a ways away but really nice.I spend about one week out of every month in Nawlins training reserve divers over at the Naval Support Facility over in Algiers, and have become well acquainted with the eateries in and around the city. This joint is right next to all the tourist hotels, so it gets a fair share of thirty-somethings with tucked in shirts, but the food is decent. Mind you, decent. It's a good place to jump into just for a snack and the AC on a hot day.
There are plenty of places that serve a better bisque.This place is exactly what Yelp´s 3-star review says: A-OK. 
My favorite aspect of this place? Their water cup is bigger than a 7-11 Big Gulp.
Everything else here is pretty typical cajun. I got the blackened redfish, which was a special that day. It was very good; buttery, salty, and justtt moist enough on the inside. My dining buddies got the etoufee (meh) and the alligator (he said it was meh.)
The place is quite large, and just a tad understaffed when we went there at around noon. Another observation I had was that there doesn´t seem to be a backdoor area at this restaurant because I saw lots of Mulate´s employees smoking in the front of the restaurant. Kinda unappetizing for me.Huge disappointment!  $18 poboy.  I've had a $6 that was twice as good.  Way overpriced and mediocre at best.  Service was good though.If I could give zero stars I would. We were seated and no one came to take our order at  nearly 20 minutes. Staff is rude.convenient for anyone staying near the convention center.  the grill was out the day i went.  typical NOLA items
so basically had a fried oyster po'boy with crawfish etouffee side.  good, not spectacularI was really looking forward to having dinner here- my husband has told me over and over how good the food is and how he couldn't wait to take me here!  We have been in the French Quarter for 4 days and we have had some really good food and I expected Mulate's to hold to that standard!   Sadly, I was disappointed.  Our visit started off good enough - we ordered the calamari and it arrived quickly and hot.  It was tender and tasty!  Our waitress seemed to disappear at this point- we kept looking for her, but she was nowhere to be found for quite a while.  When she finally surfaced to ask us if we "needed anything " we told her yes- we need our drinks refilled and we need to order!  We ordered the grilled Cajun platter and a cup of Seafood Gumbo to share. After about 10 minutes she passed by and told me that my drink would be ready in a few minutes.  About 5 minutes later I received my drink.Another 10 minutes passed and we started wondering about our food- we hadn't seen our waitress either...5 minutes later we were about to go looking for her when another waiter appeared with our food.   Everything was either lukewarm or cold- the crab was so cold it was as if it had just been taken out of the freezer and microwaved- the only things warm were the potato and the gumbo.  I told my husband that we should send it all back - he said that we waited so long for this that he didn't want to wait again, we were that hungry! Our water glasses went unfilled and of course our waitress was nowhere around- she showed up when we were halfway through our meal and I had to ask for more water.  Altogether disappointing!!  The band was good!  Maybe if our waitress had been on the ball our experience would have been better- I think our food sat around a while before it was brought to our table.  Not sure if I would come here again or not- too many other good choices to waste my time ( and money) on a questionable one!So, if my colleagues found out that I gave this place 4 stars they'd shoot me.  We were in New Orleans for a conference and this place was right by the Convention Center where our conference was.  The menu looked good w/ decent prices so we popped in.  The place is pretty large w/ cute decorations.  However, it took about 10 minutes to place our order b/c our waiter was extremely busy running around the place b/c it seemed like they were understaffed.  Once we placed our order it took us 1 HOUR to get our food.  Absolutely ridiculous.  However, I LOVED my catfish.  So, I'm not exactly sure if it was worth the wait but all in all, my tummy was satisfied.  Shout out to our waiter b/c he was running around like a chicken w/ his head cut off.This place is awful. The bar doesn't take debit cards they only take cash or credit cards. They are unable to run the debit as credit. They advertise they can handle large parties but their point of sale system is only able to handle parties of 5. There are much better restaurants in New Orleans that can accommodate large parties, cheaper parties, and better food.Pretty good restaurant near the convention center.  We are staying at the Hilton, and it is convenient for us to walk from the hotel to the center.  We arrived and the staff was very accommodating.  We were able to get a table right away.
We ordered the Cajun sampler...a fried app with gator, frog legs, tilapia, crawfish and stuffed meat pies.  It was very tasty.  
The place is big, big and kinda touristy but was pretty "New Orleans" in feel.
Also ordered chicken tenders for the kids.  They seemed to enjoy their meal.  My youngest even tried fried gator and liked it!!!
All in all, a pleasant experience.  Good food, good service and a good atmosphere. Nice*Food is disgusting.  Do not go here. Made for the masses, vintage fresh and very unhealthy AND WAY OVERPRICED!   Stay away!blech. salty. over-priced. etc. my dining partner said, "i would make myself throw up,  but then i would have to taste it again..."I arrived right after they opened to eat lunch.  I chose to sit at the bar, as I was alone.  The service was mediocre.  The server did not explain anything or offer any tips on the menu.  I ordered a shrimp remoulade po-boy platter - $22.00.   It seemed pricey, but I love shrimp, remoulade and po-boys and it came with jambalaya.   I will say the bread was incredible the shrimp where large, but did not seem like they were 'local, fresh never frozen" type shrimp like most NOLA restaurants.  The sandwich was good - not great, but good.  The jambalaya was also good.  The fries (ok - I do not know what is "New Orleans" about fries and it seemed like an odd complimentary side) were average, but COLD.  Given that I was sure my order was the first of the day, I am not sure how my fries managed to be served cold.  
Regardless, the place seemed clean and I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt, as they do seem to have been around a long time.  The biggest beef I had was that my meal was worth about $12.00 (plus my $4.00 bottle of Miller Lite).  Instead, I ended up spending $30+ with tip.  I get it.  New Orleans institution, yadda, yadda, yadda, but still not a good value.  I should have driven down Magazine Street to Mahony's.  There's always tomorrow.Low quality food with a high price tag that is the enemy of vegans and vegetarians alike. 
Louisiana food is pretty low brow and nasty. This is the quintessential example of such food. $15+ for a crappy and small plate of pasta? No thank you.
On the plus side, the service is decent.The beans in the jambalaya was burnt.  There was also something burnt in the gumbo.   I dunno if they taste things before they serve it to the public but if they did they should have tossed these items out and started over. The scenery was different because there was a live band and dancing.  This place is awesome for date nights. TIPPING is not optional (as a former waitress I always leave a tip) but 18% GRATUITY is AUTOMATICALLY charged to your bill.  And now it make sense why my waitress never came by refill our drinks because she was getting a large tip no matter what (my 18% was $34).    Despite these flaws, the shrimp was amazing,  sampler appetizer was delicious,  and the cheesy crab dish was off the chain.Poor service, mediocre food and way to high prices.  Avoid this place at all costs!  Try McDonald's instead!I hate to say A-ok.  Great food, but the service ruined my meal.  The waitress was inattentive to the point that for the first time in my life, I had to walk up to the head waiter and ask for the two items I had asked her for 17 minutes earlier.  He helped me but seemed indifferent rather than apologetic at all.  It was loud, but my shrimp was good until it got cold.I was here for in New Orleans for 5 days and ate here twice, granted the 2nd time I went was because it was near my hotel.
I saw a lot of poor reviews on the service, I must have had a different wait staff,  both times I ate here the service was just fine. Phenomenal, no, but they did fine.
The first night I had Alligator for the first time and loved it, along with a bowl of gumbo which was pretty damned tasty. 
Tonight I wanted to try something else for the first time,so I had the Crawfish étouffée which was absolutely delicious.
With that I tried frog legs, they were tasty as well, but having this be my first experience eating them I have no where else to compare,
The rest of the Cajun sampler was all fried, and not anything to write home about, but a good tasting meal nonetheless.
The Live Cajun music was a delight, and it was fun to actually watch people dancing.
Price wise, I agree to some extent that its a little over priced, but not really much different than any of the other places I visited here in NOLA.
Is this a 5 star restaurant?, no. But I also didn't pay a 5 star price.
Alligator (fried and grilled) 4 stars.
Crawfish étouffée 5 stars ( with no where else to compare yet)
Gumbo 4 stars
Fried Cajun sampler 3 stars
Atmosphere 3.5 stars
Service 3.5 stars.
Would I eat here again? Absolutely :)Great music. Tasty drinks. Icky food. Totally mediocre. In a town full of crazy good food, I would not waste my calories on eating here!The best restaurant, in my humble opinion. Mulate's is always my first stop when I arrive to New Orleans. I go there for the first meal every time I'm in the area. Food is out of this world, drinks are awesome, everyone is friendly. The absolute best!Mulate's was the first restaurant I ate at upon arriving In New Orleans for the Essence Music Festival.  The first thing I ordered was sweet tea and it was delicious and refreshing.  We had boudin (sausage stuffed with rice & other stuff I don't remember) as an appetizer and for my meal I chose the Mardi Gras Shrimp Po Boy.  When my food arrived, I couldn't believe the amount of carbohydrates on my plate.  Along with the huge baguette and shrimp that was my po boy, they also gave me french fries and jambalaya! I only managed to eat half the sandwich and a few fries but it was a very tasty meal. 
I decided to only give three stars because a few days later, my friend and I went back for some sweet tea and it was not sweet at all.  Other than that I liked this restaurant a lot.  Plus is was right across the street from our hotel!This was one of the best meals I've had while in town.  The service, oh the service was on par with high class establishments, but was down-home and very helpful.  Everyone enjoyed their meal! We were a big group and everyone go silent because everyone was eating.  Skip the chains and eat here.Oh, boy! Fried catfish done as it should be, and red beans 'n rice.  Great meal.  Don't be surprised if you have to wait.  Really enjoyed the food, but lost a star because the music was so loud I couldn't hear the person at the same table. I'd definitely go back again.This was my first meal in New Orleans. If I had had my way we would have eaten there every night. We had pretty much everything on the menu. The fried alligator was my highlight. I will be returning the second I get back to New Orleans.This place is a noisy, overpriced tourist trap. Located near the convention center, most of the customers are convention attendees on per diem instead of paying out of pocket.  All bowl of soups are double digits in price. None of the main entrees are under $20. Yes, all that for some country Louisiana (Cajun) cooking. For prices like that, I would rather go to some fancy upscale restaurant for which New Orleans is well known. The food was just OK.I've been to Mulate's twice. The first with my wife and just recently with my daughter. I was impressed either time. Although there is usually always live music, the food could be better.
     My wife and I visit New Orleans several times a year and we come for the food and the music. It, however, was my daughter's first visit and she wanted to eat real authentic Creole food. I'm sorry we wasted a meal at Mulate's. She ate a cup of crawfish e'touffe. I had a bowl of gumbo and we split an appetizer of grilled oysters. The e'touffe and gumbo were fine but the oysters were a disappointment.
     My daughter did get a kick out of the people dancing and got to hear real zydeco music but we could have gotten a better meal for half the price almost anywhere else. I prefer smaller more intimate restaurants. Mulate's is very large and just not what I look for when traveling to New Orleans.This place is great. Recommend by a local and we had great food. Listened to the band and watched people dance.Had a fun time at Mulate's restaurant on Monday night. Ivan, our waiter, was attentive and very quick. The restaurant was partially filled - it's a huge venue. The band played half of the time we were there but there were only a few people (mostly little kids) dancing. The food was solid - ample quantities of crawfish and huge portions. The jambalaya was a little lackluster but the catfish with crayfish étouffée was delicious (try it blackened). I also loved the side dish of coleslaw - something I usually won't even touch. The prices were a little higher than at other restaurants, though.We came here to get a taste of some traditional New Orleans food and they did not disappoint. A few of the things we got were the appetizer platter, alligator (blackened), red beans and rice, seafood gumbo, and crawfish. Everything was pretty good, the red beans and rice were so delicious. It was also a few of our first times trying alligator and most of us enjoyed the dish.
The service was fantastic. Food and drinks came out quickly. She even let us order hurricanes to go and put them in to go cups for us! Awesome place.All the food is fried and everything tastes the same.  Wait staff will up-sell everything.  We tried an appetizer platter and everything was fried in the same batter and my cat has larger claws than the crab claws on that platter.  Grilled shimp was WAY overcooked and hard as a rock.  My salad must have been made 3 days in advance because the lettuce was brown and there was water in the bottom of the bowl.  My sister ordered the Crab platter ($24) and everything on the platter tasted the same.  
Very little crab (all filler) in the crab cake, Essence of Crab (almost invisible) in the Au Gratin.  Total bill for 3 people with appetizer and entrees was $124.  Complete Waste.  This place must get the tour bus crowds.  The Band played Zydeco waltzes ONLY.  None of the cha-cha's, or fast stuff.  Save your money and eat at McDonalds for a better meal.  Go to the Rock and Bowl on Thursday nights for MUCH better Zydeco music.I give it a 3 because the service was good. The food was very mediocre and not worth the price we paid. I had a bowl of gumbo and my friend had the fried catfish platter. The gumbo came in a huge bowl with a very small bowl of rice. I almost thought they were joking when they gave me the bowl of rice. It was kind of salty, if we wasn't so hungry and Mother's line wasn't around the corner we would of left. My friends catfish was also salty and not that good. Our total bill was about $49 which is a lot for 2 people. We went on a Friday night they had live music and it was busy but our food was ready fast. Would not eat here again.Food was delicious and everyone humored me by trying alligator bites.  Most had thumbs down on that one, but I think that's only because they knew it was alligator before they tried it.  
We probably should have skipped appetizers altogether, as the portions were so big!!  The Grilled Seafood Dish was great, but I couldn't finish it.  Even the idea of dessert after that meal was laughable.  
Oh, the music was lots of fun, as was watching so many people cut up the dance floor.Fun dinner here, musicians playing fiddle and an accordion created a good vibe. I ordered the fried chicken wing plate . It was good, a lot though. There were 10 good sized wings, a full plate of fries and coleslaw.  I asked about buffalo sauce and and our waitress suggested a creole type buffalo sauce and it was really good.
Our waitress was super friendly and took great care of us.
My husband was here on a prior visit to the city and he liked it so much he wanted to go back . 
Fun casual vibe inside.Very disappointing and over-priced!  The only redeeming factor was the Zydeco Bread appetizer...we ordered two orders if was so good and if I ever go back, it will only be for the Zydeco Bread!Maybe it's not fair to write this review now since I ate there about three years ago. But I feel compelled. Every time a friend tells me they are going to New Orleans and I recommend restaurants, I always end by telling them to avoid this restaurant. The people that work there are very friendly, the music is great. But it is unfortunately a tourist trap. The food is average, which is not a crime. What I can't excuse is the food poisoning I got after eating the red beans and rice with sausage. I was the only person in my party that ate that, and was the only person to get horribly ill the next morning. And no, I hadn't been drinking. So when you read current reviews complaining of lukewarm food being served, know what you might be risking.I am from out of town and wanted to bring home their awesome Cajun sausage. The waiter at The bar was really helpful and made it possible for me to get two links of sausage wrapped in tinfoil to bring home to my husband. I had the grilled seafood platter for my lunch and it was awesome! I definitely recommend mulates for anyone who is looking for great Cajun food and great service!It's not the best food in New Orleans, but if you want a fun place with Live music, this place hit the spot for me and my group.   The music isn't so overpowering you can't have a conversation with someone, and the food is pretty damn good with a variety of Cajun food options.   Be careful, you'll end up dancing here and having a good time.I enjoyed my whole experience here. It was a busy Friday night and with most new places I try, I come in with the understanding that weekend nights are the time where mistakes could (and most often do) happen on both the service and kitchen side. But to my satisfaction both service and food were solid. 
When we walked in, I immediately thought it wasn't what I was expecting when I read the name...it seemed more "tourist-washed" and not super authentic. Nevertheless, the second we sat down our server was there taking care of us. The drinks were good and decently priced.
The food was as good as other places I've been to in the area. When things are deep-fried, there isn't much you can do to mess that up in my book...besides burn it or let it get cold. We got the Cajun Sampler: Grilled alligator and frog legs, stuffed mushrooms, fried calamari and crawfish tails, meat pies,  boudin, and bite size tilapia......SO...MUCH...FOOD. I wanted to try other things, but that was more than enough.  The texture of the grilled items was not chewy like I expected and that was a pleasant surprise.
There was a band playing live music and a dance floor in the middle of the restaurant which was nice and fun. It was a little awkward when the band started walking around trying to sell their album during our meal, but nothing a quick head nod "nah" couldn't fix.
If you're in the area, definitely try it out.This is the worst place I've had oysters. They were called smoked oysters but I got more of a boiled oyster in sauce. Crawfish etouffee was was just  ok nothing to brag about or would recommend. Felt like I was eating watered flour, paste. stuffed shrimp wasn't anything but a hush puppie stuffed with shrimp. Should change the name to stuffed hush puppie. Cole slaw tasted like an egg salad. Would not return or recommend.Food was good, beer was good, service was good. Lost a star because signage leading to the ladies room could be better: twice I tried to open office doors thinking they were the restroom.Seafood platter was delicious, jambalaya with andouille sausage also very good!  Worth a stop definitely when on the river walk!Came in and sat at the bar. The manager handed me a menu and first I see is disgusting food stains on the menu..pretty gross...the food is alright and is somewhat over priced...for $43 it better be pretty awesome for one person which it was decent to say the least...This place is way OVERPRICED!! Food is so so, definitely not worth the price they charge. Grilled chicken is too dry. We only went here because it was convenient, but will not return. There are better options in New Orleans.The food and drinks were ok. Not worth the price. A bunch of extra charges for no real reason. Won't return.This place has Okay food，but the service... oh boy. This is just unbelievable. The waiter doesn't even remove the plates from your table，he extends his arms from distance expecting you to stretch and hand it over to him. I have never ever seen such thing. Not even in lousy road bars. All in all is a tourist trap. Find yourself a better place to spend your money.Server was friendly. We ordered both gumbos, gater entre, and kid's shrimp alfredo. Both gumbos were luke warm.  We asked to heat it up.  Second try was still luke warm.  I wonder what they did to it.  Kid's meals were $13!  Though the kid meal was tasty. Food was too expensive for what we got.  And be aware, automatic gratuity is added for groups of 5 and up. 
Music at 7pm was fun and the older couples really know how to dance!  They put us to shame but we're so fun to watch!Please don't eat here and think that this is real New Orleans food...  It is a very commercialized tourist trap that features poor examples of Cajun cuisine.The best French Muffalettas I've ever had in all these trips to NoLa. Chisesi ham, Genoa Salami, smoked provolone, olive salad seasonings served on pressed New Orleans French Bread. And Mulate's live Cajun music rocks, too.Great restaurant, close to where we stay with good atmosphere,  music and food!
The service was great. We go back here every time we are in New Orleans.The place was less than half full and the hostile hostess would not seat three of us at a table for six because our entire party was not there. Tried to reason with her, and she got worse.  I hope their food is better than their customer service.The jambalaya here is great! If I came back, I would just do a jambalaya entree. We decided to do a small jambalaya and the burger. The burger here is $18.99 so I was expecting it to be amazing. The meat is really greasy, fries are ok, coleslaw just looked unappealing so I didn't try it. I ended up leaving the majority of my food. At these prices you could go anywhere and get much better food. I think they bank on their location next to the convention center but the food is not worth the outrageous prices.The seafood platter appetizer was alright with a wide variety of flavors like alligator and frog legs.  My primary issue was with my fish of the day (tilapia) with grilled shrimp.  I requested blackened but talk about going nuts with the peppering there.  The shrimp was worse in that it was overly salty and tasted a little extra shrimpy, which usually is a good indicator of it not being that fresh.  If you're someone who doesn't like overly seasoned food, I wouldn't recommend going here.Mutates is right next to the convention center and good for large parties, the restaurant is huge. I ordered the meat pies and jambalaya. I didn't care for the jambalaya and the meat pies weren't anything special. My coworker really enjoyed his po boy.Great atmosphere with live music. The food was good not exceptional but glad I gave it a chance. This is a huge place and gets very busy.
Our waiter gave great service and staff was friendly.I ordered the Crawfish Etoufee.  I thought it was wonderful.  At least it wasn't something that I could get at home, so that made it even better.  I noticed a several people have complained about the pricing.  Well The menu is posted outside and I ate in several places this week in NOLA and this one was about the same as all my other meals that week, unless of course I went to the cheap deli place. Now, I hesitated to give them four stars only because the service was a little lacking, and to summarize, unattentive. The cajun music (live) was fun and exciting.Ribs came out cold, returned them and came out cold again.  Manager brought fresh ribs out but not as many this time.  Got a free dessert but no offer of meal comp. we finally traded dessert for meal comp.  disappointed.Good typical Cajun / Creole food. Good drinks. This place gets packed in the evening but not so bad during the day. There is live music in the evening and they have a dance floor. Not a club environment and good for families and large groups. The crawfish ettoufee is really good. I don't recommend the calamari.Food was okay, but the prices were outrageous. The service wasn't good, and added an 18% gratuity automatically. I would avoid it.I have a very fresh shrimp remoulade po'boy....a perfect complement to a ridiculously heavy breakfast at Ruby Slipper earlier that day. The sandwich was large, filled with a sufficient amount of shrimp and paired with fries and a side of jambalaya. Yes, that certainly is a lot of food for one person, and while I was able to eat most of my sandwich, I only ate half of the jambalaya (which was delicious) and picked at the fries. If I'm ever in town for a convention, I'll definitely come back!It was early afternoon and we hadn't eaten do we stopped in here since it is very close to our hotel. The place is big but it wasn't crowded. We were seated right away. Our server took our drink order then quickly came back to take out order. I ordered a fried shrimp po boy. It comes with fries and coleslaw. I also had a cup of their seafood gumbo. The gumbo was a little on the watery side but flavorful. The po boy was served on a soft roll packed with popcorn shrimp. There was a generous helping of hot crispy fries. The coleslaw was fresh but was a little heavy on the dill for me. The service was fast and efficient. All in all I was pleased with everything vTable for 3. Was super empty and then the jazz band played, families rolled around, and it became more alive.
Service was amazing. Our server was Avi and she was such a delight. We had fried alligator, oyster appetizer, catfish platter and grilled Cajun seafood platter. 
Everything tasted good, but was very salty and left all of us super bloated. Fried alligator was a must cause the sauce they bring out is amazing. Catfish is great cause the crawfish sauce on top was everything. I suggest skipping out on the ouster, it's not the freshest here and wasn't mind blowing and was overpriced. 
This place is good, food takes long to come and it is kind of steep price wise. Just not amazing, but was solid!We came here for dinner.  There were a lot of families and high school students, probably because of the price.  They had a live band, which was cute.  The food was ok.  I had the grilled shrimp entree.  For what I paid, I was satisfied.Ugh. This place is awful.
Mulate's, first impressions are SO important.  You should think about hiring a hostess who will make a great first impression, because the one you have now made a terrible first impression.  She asked us how many in our party and told us the wait was 15 minutes, then asked if we would like to put our name on the wait list. We did not answer quickly enough for the hostess and she gave us a death stare that spoke of how much she wanted to squash us like little bugs beneath her feet.  We opted to wait since 15 minutes is not bad at all considering the busyness of New Orleans this weekend.  I started writing this review in my head as we waited.  The rude hostess was a -1 star automatically.
The wait ended up being less than 15 minutes, so that was a plus.  Unfortunately, it was the only plus for Mulate's.  Our waitress was nice and professional--not super friendly or helpful/attentive, but she was pleasant enough.  Not enough to make up for the rude hostess though and not enough to be considered a plus.
Now, the FOOD.  I hoped the food would be delicious and awesome and amazing.  It's priced in such a way that I expected good, quality food.  My dad ordered the Crawfish Cajun Quartet and my mom and I split a Seafood Pasta and Stuffed Mushrooms.
The food came out within 30 minutes of ordering and we were immediately impressed with the size of the stuffed mushrooms.  The breading looked good and the mushrooms were HUGE.  There were only 4 of them (for $10.99!!! Ridiculous.), but the size and quality seemed to make up for the lack of quantity.  I bit into a mushroom expecting a mushroom with crab stuffing and ended up...with mush.  Yep.  Mush.  I don't even know what it was.  The GIANT stuffed mushroom we had been served was about 90% breading and mush and 10% mushroom.  I couldn't taste the supposed crab stuffing at all and had to dig through thick mush and breading to even find the actual mushroom.  It was terrible.  I ended up cutting the second one in half and digging the mushroom out, leaving the breading and mush on the plate.  Also, pointless bed of iceberg lettuce under the mushrooms was weird.
The seafood pasta smelled cheesy, which was to be expected since it was an alfredo pasta.  I took a bite and it tasted like I had eaten a whole stick of butter.  I took another bite and consumed another stick of butter.  I stopped at 3 bites, because I have a personal rule to consume no more than 3 sticks of butter per meal.  The pasta was limp, squishy, definitely overcooked (probably boiled in butter, then tossed in butter and cheese...), and COLD.  We asked the waitress to reheat the food and she very kindly took it back for us.  The seafood in the seafood pasta was miniscule and didn't taste fresh at all.  We left more than half the pasta untouched and didn't even consider packing it to go.  Our family is a "eat every last bite, don't waste any food!!" type of family, so that's a big deal.  
My dad did not enjoy his meal either and described it as "not bad" and "so-so".  The two bites I took of his crawfish pie and twice baked potato were unimpressive, so I'm inclined to agree with him.  
TL;DR--pleasant waitress vs. angry, mean hostess and expensive, nasty food?  Sorry, Mulate's, you suck.Came here on Sunday 3/2/14 during Mardi Gras parades. Even though it looked packed walking in we were immediately seated. The water was really nice. We ordered the Cajun platter for two (2), shrimp bisque and some Crawfish Étouffée. I'm kinda whimsy when it comes to spicy food and this night it got me. 1/2 way trough the meal I started to get heartburn while Dave mauled through it like a bobcat on a rabbit. My New Orleans Mojito was a bit too sweet for me to even finish. We ordered dessert, the bread pudding with ice cream a la mode. IT WAS AWESOME!!
PROS:
-Quick seating on Saturday night during Mardi Gras
-Live music
-Mixed drinks
-Family friendly
-Dance floor 
-Band playing some southern tunes with the fiddle
-tasty desserts that u can see on a tray
-Breading pudding with a side if ice cream is fricken fantastic
CONS:
-All the mixed drinks were sweet so not to everyone's liking
-Super loud environment 
-Though the music is nice there is no way I could hear it everyday.
-Heavy greasy and fried meals, couldn't handle itThe food here is really good but you will pay to play. I had the shrimp jumbo which was excellent and the Cajun fried Shrimp, another good one. The catfish was tender and somehow didn't have a fishy smell. Go figure.Mulate's is what it is -- cavernous, down by the convention center, a little pricey and aimed at tourists.  But the service is very friendly and attentive, and the food is fantastic.  We had gumbo, etouffee, and a fried seafood platter that were all delicious, and delivered Cajun flavor.  They also have live music in the big dining hall every night, making Mulate's an excellent gateway location for Cajun food and zydeco music.For being in New Orleans this food is very average, seems like a touristy place because it's next to the Convention Center but the food is nothing to write home aboutGood food and a very friendly staff. I also had my service dog with me and they treated us nice.Gumbo was great. Classic, not some variation on the original. The crawfish etouffee was good, but it came out to me warm, and so by the time i was done, it had cooled off, but it tasted great. I would have gave them 5 stars if my etouffee had come out to me hot.Great food, great staff! I had the crawfish étouffée. It was the best I've had in NOLA!This place was expensive, and they add gratuity for 5 or more people. It was me, my hubby, and three children that dined here. Our bill was 125 bucks. But I must say that everything was Great!!! The food and service was awesome!!! We will be back!!!I was drawn in by the crowds, the bright green awning, and the Cajun music as I passed by. I was looking for a quick, light lunch before a riverboat cruise. I enjoyed the decorations and the bright checkered tablecloths. The waitress was very attentive (sometimes you get less attention when you are seated as a party of 1). Clean bathrooms. I ordered a small size of the Zydeco gumbo (prices otherwise were a little expensive). Although there were several large parties there (no doubt from all the conferences going on across the street), the order came out in less than 10 minutes. It came with a dark broth, chicken, shrimp, and sausage and its own side of rice to dip. Not bad for $10.50 and made my riverboat cruise in plenty of timeNot a great experience. The server did not have a very good attitude and there was a smashed roach in my menu. The food was very average.  Would not return.Mulatte's was the first place we ate when arriving to NOLA.   We came here based on the recommendation from our limo driver that they had good live music and from our hotel.
Our kids seemed to enjoy their meals.   I liked mine.   I think the biggest disappointment was that my wife said her catfish tasted mushy.  Also dinner for the four of us (two adults, two children) was just under $100.   For some reason I was under the impression that the meals would have been around half of that.   For the same price we enjoyed meals at some of the other finer restaurants.   I suppose I'd go back if I had to but there are so many other preferable options in the Central Business District.Live music. Cajun fare. What more can you ask for? It's a big, open layout establishment so if you're looking for privacy this place is not for you. The food is good. The service is nice. The bread pudding is to die for!!Often times, after a big meal, I experience some sort of feeling of regret. That's not always a bad thing, I could regret having eaten too much bread before a killer entree, or my liver could express regret at that one extra bourbon on the way out. Those types of regret, I can live with. Dinner at Mulates, however, was regretful all around, and not in a pleasant way.
We sought out Mulates on a recommendation of the concierge at our hotel as a place to see Cajun music in downtown NOLA. There was music, sure, but even if the musicians acted as if they cared even a little bit, it wouldn't have been enough to redeem the overpriced, underflavored, excessively greasy food. We got a better meal (of similar cuisine) and better cocktails for half the price at Coops on Decatur two nights prior and at several other places throughout the duration of our stay.
If you're just getting off the cruise ship and have money to blow on unexciting food near the port, go for it, otherwise don't waste your meal or your money here."Disappointed" is how I felt after dinner at Mulate's. The night started out with promise; the smoked oysters were delicious. Given that start, I ordered the fried oysters. That was a big mistake. They were small and flavorless and, except for the cornmeal that they were dipped in, would have not had any texture. What a let-down - and for $21, I expected much better. Fries were limp for the most part and not uniformly seasoned. Hubby had the corn and shrimp bisque and the crawfish étouffée. Both were good. 
C'mon, Mulate's. You can do better.I give this place a 3 on the basis of the sandwiches alone. But overall it gets a 2.
Service was awful. Takeout took 40 minutes. The place was empty on a Wednesday afternoon. 
Price was almost criminally expensive. $50 for 2...yes 2, sandwiches. 
First was a grilled shrimp sandwich. It was ordinary save for the sauce that came with it. The sauce was good!
Next was a grilled crawfish sandwich - this was very good. Probably almost 4 stars for the taste but in no way was it work $22 or whatever we paid. I'd eat it again at $8. At those prices, no way. 
Fries were good when they were fresh,
Jambalaya was terrible. This and the fries came with the meal. 
I don't have any feedback for those who go there for dinner when there's music and such. What we were looking for is a quick meal to grab as we were hopping in the taxi to go to the airport. This was a terrible choice. Almost could have walked to Mother's and waited in line for the time it took to get this done. 
If the company is paying and you just don't want to walk far from the convention center, I guess it's ok. But even then, it's hard to justify. If you factor in service & cost, this is 1 or 2 stars.Horrible service!!!  While we were seated promptly at our reservation time, that is about all that I can say good about this restaurant.  We waited about 15 minutes to see our waiter for the first time, another 45 minutes before our appetizer arrived (which came out at the same time as our main course which we ordered about 20 minutes after the appetizer), waited another 10 minutes for the dipping sauces for our appetizer, (which resulted in it being cold before we ate it). Not to mention poor drink service!  Overall a long night of waiting for food that tastes about average and costs twice that.Mutate's has good food for sure, but the cost is a bit much.  The restaurant is very tight, with as many tables as possible packed in. There is a dance floor and vibrant environment, which both come to life once the band starts.   It's the type of restaurant you go to and say-that was good food, but I'm not sure it was worth what we paid.  Three entrees were around 125.00 and 150 after tip. which isn't terrible but probably should have been in the 75.00-80.00 price range in terms of quality.Went here with a large group, but that didn't phase the wait staff. Everyone enjoyed drinks, and the table split catfish bites, smoked oysters, and grilled alligator.
Entrees included soft shell crab, with a crab cake and crawfish cream sauce (which was good, but the crab cake was a lot more bread than I expected in a coastal restaurant ). 
The gumbo was extremely well received.
Pasta with chicken (for the less adventurous) was given a thumbs up.
The key lime pie was a great way to round out this dinner.
The band/music was just right to add that next level of New Orleans flavor to the meal.Our hotel recommend Mulate's for our family of four and since they do not take reservations we decided to have an early dinner. We arrived there at 5:30 on a Sat. night and did not have to wait for a table. We were told there would be music and dancing starting at 7:00. 
We started our night with fried onion rings which arrived warm not hot and there was no seasoning or flavor to it so we were disappointed.
Between the four of us we ordered: 
Stuffed Crab Platter- It came with 3 fried stuffed crabs, jambalaya and french fries. It was more than enough as my son was only able to eat 2 crabs and he loved the jambalaya.
Seafood Pasta- This was really delicious so if you feel like pasta I totally recommend this dish. It came with plenty of seafood and the sause was tasty.
Crawfish Etoufee and Zydeco Gumbo- My husband and I shared a platter ( bowl ) of the Etoufee and ate every drop of it. We think it is the best we've had so far and this is our 3rd trip visiting NOLA. We shared a cup of the zydeco gumbo and was disappointed as it was just okay so we won't order it again and so glad we only ordered a cup not the platter... I have no idea why this restaurant calls it a platter as it's actually a large bowl.
To end the night we had read the other reviews and needed to try the bread pudding for dessert. Since we were stuffed from dinner we ordered one bread pudding and it was the BEST ever! It was wonderful, served hot with a not too sweet sauce and had raisins in the pudding and the server brought it to us with 4 spoons.
The band started right around the time our dessert arrived so we were able to enjoy the music.
The service was great, we had a server with a trainee and they were very attentive and checked on us several times. I would give the servers 5 stars.
We would certainly come back again.
We recommend the Crawfish Etoufee, Jambalaya, Seafood Pasta and you have to order the Bread Pudding!This place has some of the best food in the city in my opinion. I've been there three times and everything I had there was absolutely delicious! I got the fried oysters, gumbo, and crayfish etouffe.
Best of all, there aren't flocks of annoying tourists there, it's mostly locals.
Next time I'm in New Orleans I will definitely go there!I've been hooked on Swamp People so i decided i wanted to eat some alligator & frog.  After checking yelp i found that Mulate's had a cajun sampler plate that includes alligator, frog legs & etc.  I went on a Saturday night & the live music was GREAT!  The gumbo was ok.....tiny shrimp & barely any chicken but taste was good.  The sampler was very dissapointing....the problem was everything was warmed up.  Nothing was freshly cooked & at a $22 price tag I think the least i could've gotten was freshly cooked food.  We got 4 draft beers, 2 cups of soup & the cajun sampler for $67....what a rip off!  Service was also VERY SLOW.  I won't be going back....I'll jus cook some at home!We went there for the 1st time while in NOLA.  The staff was very friendly and took care of us well.
We started of with the gator bites.  And they were really good.  Between the 4 of us we tried several dishes.  All of them awesome!  Well worth your time to stop in and give thm a try!Gumbo was fine. I had red beans and rice and was disappointed it was very thick and not a lot of flavor. The crab stuffed shrimp was over cooked and not very good. The four of us said we would not returnWow, averag of 3, surprised at this.  I really like this place. I hadn't been there for many years having taken refuge in this place for nice lunches and saving myself from the New Orleans Convention center which can have some of the worst convention center food ever.  They have a huge menu so whatever you want, it is there.  My mate had a burger and that was very nice, she loved it. I had a Zydeco salad that wasn't cheap (but I had my Corp Amex so who cared) that had tons of seafood and nice bed of lettuce. It was huge, I have a bit appetitie and no way I could finish it.
The service was really cool and good too. Our waiter was really funny and guided our food choices.  I guess there are some things on the menu that are not that great, but we all liked ours and agreed that a Yelp rating of 4 was deserved for our visit.Food: 3/10
Service: 0/10
Environment: 2/10
I feel so bad for the owner of this restaurant, the staff is the main reason why this place sucks. The hostess was so rude she didn't even look at us in the face. We got a table in a pretty empty area of the restaurant and our waitress was extremely bad. The food was cold (no one wants a cold pork sausage), other tables that arrives after we did were served before, she took around 10 mins to bring us water, we waited on food around 30 minutes (gumbo and beans with rice). Food was okay, the gumbo was really mediocre. 
Dining experience: just don't botherTasted good but I got food poisoning. I'll spare the details but while the music is fun and the staff is nice, don't get the crab.Mulate's is a restaurant with an elaborate menu and an interesting atmosphere. We had an appetizer sampler and a cocktail. The cocktail had more juice than liquor and the food was ok. The zydeco bread was prob my favorite if I had to pick one but extremely salty. The fried gator was extremely chewy. As a New Orleans native I am picky about New Orleans food, but I think Mulate's could take a little more pride in their staple food.I would give this place a 5 star rating just for the service.  We ducked in here to escape a huge downpour. We are a family of five with 2 of the kids under 3 and still in strollers so we take up a lot of space.  The hosts showed us a nice spot to wait until a table was ready.  It didn't take long to get a table which is nice when you're trying to keep babies entertained.  Our server,  Tanya, was extremely nice and engaging.  She paid the perfect amount of attention to us without hovering.  The food was maybe 1 star at best.  I guess it's because of the location and this being more of a tourist location. The food was so bland.  I'm from Louisiana and am used to flavorful, spicy food.  This was neither.  I will definitely not go back.A bit pricy but was delicious! Would eat here again for sure, friendly service and good atmosphere in this restaurant. Cajun music at nightMusic was great. Did not appreciate being told we could not sit at one of the tables in the half-empty restaurant area since we only wanted to listen to the zydeco and have a drink or two. There were two tables designated for us to sit at in the very back of the restaurant, behind the musicians, one of which had three people sitting there along with two waitstaff who were folding napkins. We sat at the empty one, which had obviously not been cleared since its previous occupants, as there were half-full glasses, napkins and food littering its top.  My husband brought us drinks from the bar, as we had been instructed to do by the hostess, and about 15 minutes later two more waitstaff plopped down with utensils and napkins and proceeded with their task. 
I can understand that the restaurant doesn't want usable tables cluttered with non-paying occupants, but there were only six tables that were occupied when we arrived and five when we left, out of 15-20.  The waitress who informed me that we couldn't sit at the original table we had chosen because we were getting our drinks from the bar (again, as the hostess had told us to do), and not ordering from her, still didn't make any money from an empty table, which remained empty during our stay, so I don't quite get what that gained this establishment in general.  
Don't think I would recommend this place without strong warnings.The meat pies for an appetizer was good.  Fried alligator was the entree I got. For 25$ the portion could have been a little bigger. The side of jambalaya was tasty and the Abita Amber a local beer is very good!  My server did have much of a personality. My beer had more personality actually.Food was great, atmosphere was great, and music was good! Not my type but it sure does go with the style of the restaurant. It's fun and entertaining here! If we come back to visit NOLA again this place is definitely a must for us!It's overpriced for what it is, which is to say, a tourist-focused restaurant located right across the street from the convention center.  The waitstaff was inexperienced and unable to substitute a side salad for fries; instead, we had to order a full salad and just waste the fries that they insisted on sending out.  Otherwise, the food ranged from blah to ok, with the single highlight being the frog's legs.Tonight we had a private party in Mulate's banquet room with approximately 100 people.  The food and the venue was nothing noteworthy, but the people attending are what made the event special.  I have grown close to many of the people as the group is tight knit and working towards a common goal of providing financial literacy to 1,000,000 families by the year 2020.  They are special in the respect that there is a very unique willingness for individuals to help each other regardless of group affiliation that is almost non existent in corporate America today
The food at this banquet hall wasn't very good.  There is a restaurant with the same name next door.  I'm not sure if there food is any better but based on some of the reviews it doesn't seem like itHad the Mulate Cajun Platter.  Only the catfish and stuffed crab were warm.  Not hot, warm.  Everything else was cold.  The jambalaya was cold and not good.  It might have all been pretty good if it had been served hot, but unimpressive and expensive.I got a good first read about this joint. The place was clean, the staff was polite, thoughtful and professional. Tasty gumbo. The fried crawfish for my po boy was battered with just enough salt and spices. The bread was fresh and good. I feel like I can rely on this spot. I would definitely come here again.Okay food, pretty pricey all things considered. Fun atmosphere, but I'd recommend a couple of other places before this. My friend did love their bread pudding enough to order some to go and take it home to her husband, four states away.I first dined at Mulate's several years ago and absolutely loved it. Brought my new wife there last December to start our honeymoon and was disappointed. We're here again and I'm not even taking her back. On to better food around town.I've heard mixed reviews, from my friends, about this place. On a Monday, between Mardi Gras parade weekends, I took out of town guests.  We went about 6pm and there was no crowd until about 7pm. A band playing cajun music started up about 7pm. They were lively and people danced on the dance floor. 
To food was just O.K.. The fried alligator was a nice starter but the boudin was like bland baby food.  We had an ample fried seafood platter-the tiny oysters were horribly overdone, but the rest of the fried things were decent. Our other meal was the crabmeat au gratin. It was smothered in cheddar cheese but seemed to be liked by my companions. 
The prices were reasonable and the location is walking distance to both the convention center, Harrah's and many hotels near the french quarter.Mulate's was the first place I visited on my very first trip to New Orleans, and was the first place where I ever had an alligator po boy, so I naturally thought this was what authentic Cajun food was supposed to be.   However, after being back to the city many times and visiting many other restaurants, I've now come to see that the food here is just mediocre.  It's not bad, but it's definitely not worth the high prices that they charge.  My daughter and I went on a weeknight for dinner, and for two entrees, one appetizer, one dessert, and three hurricanes it came to over $90.  Ridiculous, considering that none of the ingredients in any of the food was exotic or hard to come by in NOLA.  Tasty, yes, but definitely not worth $90.  
However, they do have live music and zydeco dancing, which can be entertaining.  A lot of locals come here I believe just for the music and dancing.  It's out of the way from the crowds and noise from the French Quarter, across from the Riverwalk, so it's a bit more accessible.   And it's not just elderly couples up dancing, as one other reviewer mentioned.....all ages get up and move, including one really cute little boy who got up the nerve to ask a girl to dance....adorable!  They don't really offer lessons, but there are plenty of regulars there to show you the ropes on the dance floor.If this place didn't have the live music it would be 3 stars. My daughter loved the music and she had me out there dancing with her.
I ordered the red beans and rice, which was good, but not nearly as good as Grandma's. It's pricey at $17.
The service was just average.I came her on a weekday. It was the afternoon and not busy. Service was kind of slow. The food was bland not much seasoning. It was basically just something to fill up the stomach. The portions are huge. We ended up giving the leftovers to a homeless man. I may try out this place again at night on another trip to New Orleans.Between the 4 of us we all had something a little different and it was all fantastic! My crawfish étouffée was very good. Great for the whole family with live music to boot! A little pricey but you usually get what you pay for. If your thinking about stopping here, stop thinking and just stop in and eat!!We had mixed reviews on this place. My wife had fried shrimp and they were very good. I had the fried catfish and was very disappointed. The catfish had a very strong fishy taste that I do not care for at all. I love fried catfish but not with a strong fishy taste. I tried the fried shrimp and they were awesome so if we go back that is what I will order. The service so so.Very convenient location to the convention center. Came in for dinner after the Realtor Expo and it was packed. Decided to eat at the bar and had to wait about 15 minutes to order a beer. Food has good seasoning but crawfish and shrimp seemed over cooked, a little too chewy. They do have a live Cajun band play and a few couples got up and danced. Went on two nights later to grab dinner again and the food and service was slightly better.The food I had was really good. The seafood gumbo was my favorite of the four I tried during my visit. I also had the fried oyster po boy which was great. The only reason they aren't getting five stars is that the service was a little off, not super friendly, but not rude either, just nothing spectacular. It was also a little pricey. I would definitely go back if I was in the area. Really convenient for lunch if you are at the convention center.Decided to drop in while attending a conference because it's across from the Convention Center. Ordered the Jambalaya. It was ok, but not NOLA ok. Seemed a bit dry. Additionally, for the 16.99 price the portion was a bit small. But the atmosphere was good and the waitress was good.Service good, food less than mediocre especially in relation to price. Ambiente more like a station hallI never even got to taste a drink at this place. When we arrived the host was very polite and was doing a great job managing the people waiting. He said about a 10 minute wait, it was more like 20. No big deal though, it was Mardi Gras!
When we were taken to our very small, cramped table we were hopeful. 5 minutes go by, no waiter or even anyone to greet us. After 15 minutes I asked a passing buss boy who our waiter was and he went to look for us. After another 5-10 minutes we left. 25 minutes after being seated and no one to even greet us?!? Ridiculous!
I'll also note that we were in town for Mardi Gras and every restaurant was this busy or busier but we never had any problems.STOP!   Was referred by a local to eat here. The price was high especially for the food that was received both in quality and quantity. Evan as 'tourists' i would not choose to eat here, husbands family is from Louisiana and we were looking for local Creole/Cajun food. This wasn't it.
Husband ordered wings as an appetizer and only 3 were edible as the others were still raw and trying to get out of his mouth when he took a bite. After that disappointment we observed the other diners food and servings, we decided on a simple cup of Gumbo. The gumbo was good (came with a 1/2 C. of rice)  
We chose to leave there $40 poorer and very hungry.