Definitely recommend for anyone looking for a delicious meal at a reasonable price. The shrimp and goat cheese crepes are a must have!This place was so yummy and decently priced. I felt that the escargot would have been better as traditional escargot but the playing was nice. You can dine with the ghost (former owner of the mansion who killed himself on their 2nd floor) for an additional $50. The table is by itself in a cold dungeony room.Trying to find a restaurant in The Big Easy that serves vegetarian is not an "Easy" feat
We've encountered many the restaurant who would tell us time & time again that they did not have or *would* not make something to accommodate veggie needs & it was such a letdown.....to this day I still remember 1 guy saying "Vegetarian?  Aww, you gotta get out earrrrrly for *that*".  We still laugh about it....
Well, over the last few years, we're noticing more & more places recognizing veggies like to eat Southern / Cajun comfort food & they are starting to open up their menus to us! ( YAY)
Seeing that Muriel's Jackson Square had such an offering, we made rezzies to ensure we veggies got fed - you'll want to do this too - veggie or not!  They were packed & quoting 2 hr waits & this was at 9pm!
Started w/ drinkys at the bar - Sazerac for the Mr & I had the uber-delish Honey Child cocktail: honey-infused vodka & muddled blackberries.  The Mr liked mine so well that he ordered 1 too, to go w/ dinner & just to be nice, I had another as well so he wouldn't have to drink alone
Their veggie appie had eggplant, of which I'm not a fan so we asked the waitress if they could make their Goat Cheese Crepe, veggie & she said sure.  Since the description said it was topped w/ crawfish, we thought, this would be easy..... but unfortunately, the roulade sauce was made seafood stock. ACK!  Wished you had told us this!  The Mr however, said the crepe was nice & plump, the goat cheese was creamy & smooth & he liked it, barring the sauce
Mains consisted of their Veggie Soiree - this was a sampling of little dollops of veggie tastes - some you'll find on their side dish offerings & some not
Divine beets & roasted acorn squash
Polenta topped w/ chickpeas & a basil sauce - flavorful though those beans were crunchy & could have used a bit more time in the cooker.... same w/ the crunchy wild rice
Yams were very flavorful & had lots of ginger - the Mr got to indulge in both our dollops of chard - I tried a bite & it triggered my dislike for cooked greens
Too full for dessert, we left w/ happy tummies & thankfulness for a nice veggie night out.  A-OK night!Excellent food, ambiance and location! I ate there for lunch during this trip to NOLA with my friend. I had the artichoke and crab salad - it was SO good! My mouth waters thinking of it now. My friend ate the grilled and roasted vegetable platter and everyhing was excellent! I highly recommend!When giving friends from out of town a tour of the French Quarter, one can only expect they want some classic New Orleans dishes. I've been here a couple of times, but they were the ones that wanted to go, due to their lunch special. It's a nice, well know restaurant that offers a 17.00 lunch special that includes a soup or salad, entree, and the option for a 4.00 Bloody Mary or martini. I got the Bloody Mary and it was a great size for the price. It was spicy and hit the spot.
They text message you when your table is ready, so were able to walk around the quarter while we waited. Thank god a lot of restaurants are getting rid of the those buzzers that make you feel like you are under house arrest. 
We sat down to a beautiful table right by the open shutters. The servers, were ok. They were busy, but forgot a couple of things we asked for. It was still a great experience though!
I got the pork chop with red beans and the turtle soup. The turtle soup was one of the best I have had. The pork chop was cooked to perfection and the read beans were seasoned very well. It came with cornbread, but it was very dry. After this lunch at noon, I didn't find myself hungry till it was basically time for bed. It was a very generous portion and well worth the money.
Muriel's is a great way to get a classic, good quality New Orleans meal at a decent price. The location is spectacular, and the history behind the restaurant made for great conversation at the table.
Definitely check it out if you are in the Quarter!Best meal in New Orleans!!! I was in a group of 4 and we were served by Travis, Susan & Caroline. I had the set price menu: strawberry salad appetiser, chicken entrée & chocolate cake dessert. The salad was fresh and a great start. The chicken is the best chicken I have ever eaten anywhere. It had crispy skin, but was the meat was extremely moist and the corn bread stuffing was superb. The cake was yummy, but very rich. One of our party is vegetarian and she LOVED her vegetable selection plate. The other 2 members had the pork with sweet potato mash and said it was excellent. The staff were wonderful and very attentive. Excellent location and definitely the best meal we had in New Orleans.Had brunch on NYE weekend. The decor is wonderful, you feel cozy the my minute you walk in. Ordered the Eggs Veney and didn't regret that decision because the whole plate was devoured in a matter of minutes. Great food, and a great experience!Muriel's is a great stop in NOLA. The goat cheese and shrimp crepes are by far the best food I ate in the city (perhaps anywhere ever) and the rest of the meal lived up to the appetizer. Service is great, venue is quintessential French Quarter. It's a little distracting to see ghost tours outside the window at dinner- but the food is so delicious, you won't mind the audience. Rumor has it that Muriel's is haunted, but the only thing other worldly I encountered was the cuisine.When you dine at Muriel's, check to see if the 2nd level is open for visitors. If so, you can briefly tour the lounge area upstairs (red couches, decorative pieces). There's a wrap-around balcony where you can get a great view of Jackson Square. 
If you're curious, learn why Muriel's is haunted and find out the story behind why there's a table that is always set for two located near the stairs. 
There are two main dining rooms, a middle section (indoor patio dining area) that I personally prefer because it is quieter, and a bar area located at the back near the restrooms. I love the indoor patio dining area because it brings a bit of the outdoors in a quiet indoor setting. 
On my first visit, I ordered from the dinner pre-fix menu which is a great deal (appetizer or soup + entrée + dessert = $40). The seafood gumbo soup was hearty and delicious. The dijon mustard encrusted salmon was cooked perfectly. The bread pudding was a great way to end a delicious meal.
I returned to Muriel's for lunch on another NOLA trip and tried the wood grilled pork chop. The pork chop was flavorful, tender, and moist. I was not too crazy about the red beans and rice it was served with as I found it a bit bland. The entrée was served in a bowl but should perhaps be served on a plate since it was difficult to slice the pork chop since it kept sinking into the bed of red beans and rice. 
Muriel's is one of the places I would love to return to because of the ambiance and the great food.The pork chop was fine but the wahoo was over cooked and dry. To their credit, they comped the wahoo dish. Service was poor. Waiter was overwhelmed with the number of tables he was tending to. Ambience was less than romantic and very loud. We heard good things about Muriel's but it fell way below expectations.Jazz brunch was amazing! 
Food - everything we ordered was great! Thanks for all the yelp recommendations. We went with the shrimp and goat cheese crepe, shrimp and andouille sausage omlet, and eggs benedict. We were so stuffed we couldn't bring ourselves to order the bread pudding. 
Music - at first we couldn't really hear the music, but to our pleasant surprise, the band moved from room too room and ended up playing right next to our table! The musicians were amazing. Loved all their energy and talent. 
Highly recommend!Delicious!  Great ambiance.  Attentive staff.  Cool history (rumored to be haunted).  Great view of Jackson Square.So I've returned to Muriels on a few trips with groups since my prior review, and it was fine, so no need to change for the better or worse...most recent visit, I'm strongly tempted to leave 1 star as it was so frustrating, but given i haven't written any since 2010 for more positive (but not exceptional) visits, it seems more fair to leave another 2 star one.
Made the mistake of coming in for a drink on the balcony on what happened to be Saint Patricks Day - albeit it was fairly vacant.  First time I've gone to the bar to get a drink and there was no one else waiting, just 2 people sitting at the bar, already served.
The bartender upon our arrival says she'll be right back - given we were ordering a sauv blanc and an iced tea, could have easily given our order prior to her departure.  She then left for over 10 minutes (during which time a manager or some other employee came behind the bar but made no acknowledgement of us, or attempted to take our order)...and then upon return, did not apologize, but asked if we've decided what we want...well, i decided prior to you leaving, and i sure as hell hope within 10 minutes I'd have decided on one drink!
She then took the other people who had accumulated's orders prior to serving our solitary glass of wine and one iced tea...and she asked if it was for here or to go, after taking out the glass. I said "for the balcony," (AKA NOT TO GO), and she switched it out with a plastic cup. Given $9.50 for a house sauv is greater than nyc and London pricing (and the cocktails are actually less in most cases), I would say that it could warrant an actual glass, to remain on venue - which we mentioned..and she stated that they were short of glasses given it's "saint pattys"...well, I'm sure you have a dishwashing machine. Regardless, she at no point said thank you, and was quite rude throughout, enough so that I truly regret my frequent visits, and one of us complained (about the cup, not the delay and rudeness) to management (however, had I complained, the rudeness would have been my primary issue, not the cup).
To note, the balcony was 100% empty - for the first time I've ever seen, so no, they were not busy, also evidenced by the lack of patrons at the bar.  Even at the point we left, there were only 2 more couples, whose orders she took prior to serving us, so not exactly a complete rush for which she would be stressed...nor did she go tot the restroom, so not sure where she went for 10+ minutes.  
Having been a server, and having brought many, many groups here over the years, and visiting multiple times every visit to nola, I found this pretty disappointing.  
That said, I'll still return, if only for a drink on the balcony, and hope there is a different bartender.Went here last week on my first trip to New Orleans.  It's a very fancy place, although my friends and I were in t-shirts.  The atmosphere is great, and the food was very good.  Since I was in N.O., I wanted to eat seafood and other traditional Cajun fare.  As I suspect most people do, I ordered the 3-course meal for $30.  The fried gator tail appetizer was very good, not too much breading.  I also tasted my friend's seafood gumbo, which was also quite good.  For my main course, I had the seafood au gratin, which was extremely rich (and very tasty).  I also tasted a friend's shrimp creole, which was only ok.  The bread pudding desert was excellent (very dense).  My friend ordered the brownie - don't waste your time.  All-in-all, I left with a full stomach of very good Louisiana food at a reasonable price.Muriels has delicious food and fantastic service! The goat cheese and crawfish crepes are AMAZING and the seafood stew so flavorful and satisfying! Even though we were stuffed we had to have dessert. Go to Muriel's and indulge. You will be happy you did!Fantastic restaurant located in the the heart of Jacksons square! The ambience was very classy. A bit pricey but, worth the experience. We opted for the pre-fixed menu, which included an appetizer, entree with about 5 different options and a desert. After dinner we took a trip upstairs where it is very eclectic. Although there is no food or beverage service on the patio, you can order a cocktail down stairs, and enjoy it on the patio over looking Jackson Square!Wonderful!  We had the shrimp risotto and fried green tomato stack-amazing!  For entrees, the yellow fin tuna and trout were especially tasty. Dessert of red velvet ice cream cookies knocked it out of the park. Our server, Brock, was delightful.I wish I could offer 3.5 stars but I cannot and 4 would be too many.
My date and I tried 5 items so I'll rate them all--salad was great, with a tart/sweet dressing in just the right amount.  The shrimp remoulade was good with plentiful fresh shrimp, but alas, was too salty.  The vegetarian entree was a bit odd and the items didn't have an apparent connection to one another.  I only enjoyed a couple of them.  The star of the night was the duck entree enjoyed by my date--wonderful sauce, crispy skin and perfectly prepared.  The bread pudding was saved from average by a wonderful praline topping that we both enjoyed immensely. 
All in all, I"d go back simply due to the beautiful surroundings and service.  The prices are also quite reasonable for the quality of the foodI ate here with my colleagues after a long day of meetings and we certainly enjoyed the very good food, and even attentive service. I had their gulf fish mahi mahi as an entree and mashed sweet potato as side. Excellent! I finished with the sorbet sampler and that was just right, not too much! I would recommend coming here and then going upstairs to check out their balcony facing Jackson Square.A neat old building with a history in the heart of the French Quarter.  I have had a few things off the menu and have never been disappointed, but I come back for the Turtle Soup.  It is the best I've had in the city.  Bartenders are friendly and the drinks are reasonably priced.  
You can  get in and out for lunch under $25. A alcoholic beverage, soup and half loaf of bread will run about $19.Great restaurant. Very cool and classy decor, a super nice waitress, and excellently prepared dishes. 
Food: The prix fixe menu prices were very reasonable with good choices. I especially liked the shrimp and goat cheese crepes - outrageously good. I also liked the pork chops - big, thick, fatty, and tasty. The bread pudding was delicious too. 
Service: super attentive and polite and personable waitress. 
Ambiance: very cool place, beautiful decor, historic building. 
Would definitely return.Went here on a pub crawl so my review is only for the bar area.  Place was nicely set up on the inside. I am not much of a mixed drink drinker since I tend to lose my inhibitions when hard liquor is involved.  The two drinks that were recommended to me were a Pim's cup and Sazerac.  I went with the Pim's cup and it was one of the best mixed drinks I have had in a really long time. It was very smooth and very refreshing. The cucumber garnish gave it a nice twist.  Would like to go back for dinner and try the food.What a lovely place! Just celebrated my engagement here and everything was perfect! We had the oysters as an appetizer (yummm) then the duck and beef which were delicious as well! We finished off with the bread pudding dessert and they brought us a carrot and ice cream cake for the occasion ! Wonderful end to a wonderful night!Made a quick stop in New Orleans & we're so glad we stopped here for lunch! The food was amazing. We ordered the crab cake and blacked fish - both so fresh and delicious. On top of that, they had $4 bloody mary's!
The service was great too - very knowledgeable about the food and the history of the building. They even shared some ghost stories with us, too bad we didn't run into the ghost of Antoine.
After eating we explored the building & sat on the balcony upstairs. The balcony overlooks Jackson Square and it's such a beautiful view. Such a great spot to sit, drink, and hear live music from the street :)Muriel's is wonderful. Great food and impeccable service. We ate in the dining room for lunch one day and another time just popped into the bar at the back for a drink and cooling off.  Zach the bartender is amazing!  And also a cutie. :)Beautiful building, great service and amazing location. Unfortunately the food was simply mediocre. My shrimp and grits were beyond greasy (how do you do that?) but the turtle soup was very good. I tasted the other entree, but can't recall the name. It was ok and expensive. 
All in all, the food quality didn't live up to the hype or the cost. With the amazing options in NOLA, I won't be back.FANTASTIC from the bread served at the table to the dessert. They made me an incredible hot toddy (since it was unseasonably cool and I had a sore throat) and their shrimp and grits made me wish i could have a second stomach so I could eat more!!Great food but over priced; but so are most of the local eateries in the French Quarter.  Average meal for 2 people costs a little over $100.I'm so happy my wife talked me into going here last week (July 11). It was one of the best dinners I've had in a really long time.
The service--from the hosts to the wait staff--is top notch. Very polite and attentive and, best of all, happy.  They all appeared like they enjoyed to be working there and serving the customers.
For appetizers we had the escargot and shrimp/goat cheese crepes. Both were outstanding. I've had better escargot but I can't complain about the ones here. Although those crepes were wonderful. 
For our entree we had the flank steak (perfectly cooked med-rare) and the BBQ shrimp and grits (cakes). The sauce on the shrimp...I can't explain it, but I wanted to grab the plate and drink it. We then split a creme brulee--it was average. Should have went with the bread pudding. 
Next time we visit NOLA, Muriel's will be a must. I highly recommend it.Went here for the Sunday Jazz brunch and loved it! Started with Bloody Mary's and the goat cheese and crawfish crepes, both great! But my highlight was my shrimp and grits! The Abita BBQ sauce they used in the shrimp was amazing! Still dreaming about it! Service was ok, he acted annoyed that we were there and like he said his schpele a thousand times.  jazz was fun,each room was different and cool decor.I made a reservation at Muriel's for myself and three friends, after reading the glowing reviews. We wanted to eat somewhere fun and elegant over the holidays, and Muriel's fit the bill. Overall, it was a leisurely dining experience in a nice atmosphere, but there were some missteps.
First, the menu and prices on the website were different than what we were given in the restaurant. Not a big deal unless you have your heart set on something before you go.
Then, we were served in a weird order. Three of us ordered the prix fixe menu, which includes appetizer, entree and dessert. One friend also ordered a salad and I ordered an oyster appetizer in addition to our prix fixe dinner. 
First, my two friends got their goat cheese crepe appetizer and I got my oysters. Then, after we ate that, they brought out MY goat cheese appetizer and my friend's salad. I would have thought they would have brought our oysters and salad first, then bring all of the goat cheese appetizers, but whatever.
The oyster appetizer was simply okay: fried oysters set atop shells containing creamed spinach. The parmesan cheese on top was crunchy and not pliable. Obviously not their signature dish.
The shrimp and goat cheese crepes were to die for. The crepe was light and tender and the cheese filling was creamy and savory. There was something off with the shrimp though...they were those transparent shrimp, I don't think they were gulf shrimp.
For my entree, I had the pecan crusted puppy drum. Only certain bites of it were flavorful for some reason. I tasted my friend's chicken and it was terribly dry. I tasted the other friend's barbeque shrimp, it was so delicious, it made me regret ordering the fish.
The flourless chocolate cake was really good. The servers (all women) were very professional.
My dining companions and I all dressed up, but there were many diners there in jeans and t-shirts.
TIP: Do not park in the French Market lot behind Cafe du Monde. Muriel's validates for up to 3 hours, so it's very tempting. The lot is dark and isolated and there are not visible security personnel around. When we were going back to our car, there was a guy in an alley, sitting on a bike. As soon as we passed, he pulled out and rode behind us all the way to the entrance of the lot. When we turned right to go to our car, he rode off to the left, and we breathed a temporary sigh of relief. Within two seconds, he made a u-turn and started pedaling to catch up to us. My friend and I RAN to the car and jumped in, and he rode past us, circling the lot. When we got to the ticket booth, we informed the cashier that a man on a bike was lurking around the lot and we asked if they had a security person who could pass through the lot. She acted like she couldn't understand what we were saying and waved us off with a a dismissive, "Okay, okay."  Pay the extra money and park in a more populated, well-lighted area.Food was salty and overrated, short pour on a glass of wine. Service was great, ambiance nice.Very very good and kid friendly! Had the duck and a Sazerak! The atmosphere and the best best gumbo I have had in the French Quarter!Just ok food you find anywhere.  Nothing representing NewOrleans.   The desert bread pounding was at best Average.  
The wine list narrow and ultra pricey.  I would not recommend it given there are so many great restaurants in New OrleansKind of a bummer. Muriel's used to be one of my favorite restaurants and I work in the quarter and recommend it to hotel guests ALL THE TIME. I think I'll have to stop.
I've always enjoyed brunch and lunch so we were excited for dinner there for our anniversary but it was a disappointment. Maybe we shouldn't have ordered off the Coolinary menu. We were clearly celebrating something (our anniversary) but no one ever asked or mentioned it. Our server David was not friendly. It took us over 2 hours to eat even though the people behind us ordered almost the exact same thing and sat 15 minutes after us they left 15 before.
I think we wouldn't have disliked the food so much if we didn't have to wait so long for it with out the server checking on us. He finally apologized toward the end of the meal but it took my husband and I an hour after we left to get out of our funk. Really disappointing dinner.
Their French 75 was amazing! I don't even like Gin. So, there's a plus! The savory cheesecake appetizer was very good and the creme brule was too. Also Jenny helped us with drinks and she was a breath of fresh air in an otherwise pretty upsetting meal experience.This place has excellent southern desserts . The staff is also super friendly. It's a great place to take the kids as well. Food is always full of flavor.We enjoyed a drink up on the balcony before our 6:15pm reservation which was a great introduction - the balcony was surprisingly empty which lent to a peaceful relaxing experience). Really lovely table setting and presentation. Everyone really enjoyed their meals (corn chowder soup of the day with andouille and bacon was REALLY good, herb chicken, pork chop both VERY tasty). The servers gave excellent recommendations and were very attentive even with it being quite busy. Overall it was a really nice experience which was a pleasant surprise for a touristy location.We recently dined here with a large group while we were all in town for our annual convention.  We had a large party of 18 or so and were lucky that they were able to accommodate us without a reservation.  We waited for about 45 minutes which was fine as we made our way to the bar for a round of drinks and then went into the red room while we waited.  The bartender was less than friendly.  We did have a few people trying to order drinks for our group at the same time and well that didn't seem to impress her very much.  The drinks were tasty and a few more drinks were ordered during our wait.  We had two tables for our group and a couple of servers.  Overall the staff was hit and miss.  Some were friendly and others made us feel like we were bothering them by being there.  Our group was not the most quiet group around but it's New Orleans and we dropped over 1500 + tabs at the bar earlier in the evening and we weren't inappropriate in any way, just laughing and having fun with our friends from our industry.  The food was delicious and definitely an A+.  Everyone loved their food (apps, salads, main course, and dessert) and would definitely go back for the food alone.  I just would hope that the next time we are there we are treated with a little more friendly customer service instead of eye rolls.We were NOLA for the FQ Jazz Festival and tried their goat cheese crepes and they were amazing so we decided to go there dinner.  We were not disappointed.  I had the pork chop at it was really good.  Also had bread pudding and once again, wonderful.  The rest of our party arrived on the weekend so we went back there for lunch...10 of us....and I had the pecan drum fish.  WOW!!  Some others in our party got it as well and it was amazing...probably one of the best fish I've had.
Servers were great too on both occasions...dinner and lunch.  Personable and attentive.We had a lot of great food on our weekend trip to NOLA, and this was the last place we visited.  Maybe that's why I didn't really enjoy it as much as I wanted to.  It was perfectly fine - the food was tasty, and the service was prompt.  With the variety and quality of restaurants in the city, I felt like this was just an okay experience.  It's not a cheap place, so I was expecting to be wowed.  I can't say I was even semi-wowed.  Although the food was good, the price point would make me want to try something different on our next visit.Eggs Veney!!! I would eat this over and over.  Dressed in suit for brunch.  Most were casual dress with some wearing shorts.  Jazz band was very good.We've never had a bad meal at Muriel's.  The food is consistently good, the service (especially in the bar area) is always accommodating and top notch, and the atmosphere is perfectly New Orleans.  The bar is a hidden gem (chlid friendly, but please curb your children so not to disturb other people's pleasure.)  We don't visit NOLA without at least one visit to Muriel's.  Dishes of note: best gumbo in the quarter, perfectly simply delicious bread pudding, veggie plate is always inventive, escargot is divine, and those crepes? Amazing.BEWARE THIS IS Not an upscale establishment...  MIGHT AS WELL EAT AT BOURBON STREET .. arrived at the Muriel's  with my girlfriend for dinner, decidedly to sit at Bar ..Upon arrival we sat next to a group of girls ...they were having fun and TO MUCH TO DRINK  and preceded to spill water all over me and my purse ..Sitting in ice water freezing, I ask bartender if she has a towel she precedes to tell me her towel is dirty, hands me a napkin ..ask her if she has somewhere to dry my clothes...She says no ...sitting in water at my feet no one comes to clean up ..Finally a hostess comes to dry up water, I ask her to talk to manager ..Ends up I tell the manager what happened and he tells me that he has a blow dryer in the office to dry my clothes and my purse. I proceed to dry my clothes and sit back down at the bar and receive my bill for for
us  , couldn't even pay for my desert .. unbelievable the management staff here sucks...We ate at three places in NOLA over 36 hours. Lunch at Muriel's ruined us for anywhere else. There was no mediocre or bad, only good and awesome. 
Awesome - the gumbo. Hands down, best gumbo I've tasted in years. My wife had it and it was difficult to not steal her bowl. I had the lunch special which came with the soup of the day. Today was a crab bisque. The bisque had no meat in it, but it was delicious with plenty of flavor. I had the blackened catfish. Look in the dictionary for what I had because it was textbook blackened catfish. Excellent. Served with spinach and potatoes.  
The good- My daughter had the pork chop, which might have been the disappointment. The chop was flavorful, but a tad dry. That could have been avoided.  The red beans and rice it was served with was terrific.  My wife's spinach salad looked good too. 
We spent less here for lunch than we did for dinner at the Red Fish Grill. Wish we had gone back for dinner. 
If you go, poke around the building. It's full of history and very cool.Is 5 star reasonable?! YES!
I had turtle soup, pecan coated puppy drum, and bread pudding.
The pecan puppy drum was sooo good! It had a lemon butter sauce and it went so well with the fish. I highly recommend getting it. The portion is just right.
The bread pudding was to die for. It's a must to get their dessert.
Get their dinner meal. $39 for a 3 course meal. You can't beat that!
They also recommend wine to go with your meal so I really like that.
This is a good place for a romantic dinner :)Delicious food for the price. Above average service. 
The étouffée was so/so, it was tepid and somewhat bland but the risotto and pork chop were amazing! Stout Bloody Marys with plenty of spice and I enjoyed their gumbo...but I prefer a lighter roux as they prepare it. 
Overall, a delicious lunch. 
The decor needs a little sprucing up in the green room, the floors and walls are dinged up. I had made reservations weeks in advance and asked to be in the red room near the quarter doors, they couldn't make that happen so I was a little disappointed. It had been 11 years since I'd returned, I can't say the quality had diminished much.Turtle soup was interesting, and unique. The seafood stew was too salty. Atmosphere was good, but noisy. Bread was delicious. Prices were expensive. Good to check out once.We had our concerns about going to a restaurant right off of the tourist area of Jackson Square but the reviews were solid and I'm glad we went.
We went to their Jazz brunch and it was fantastic! The jazz musicians rotated through the rooms every half hour so everyone got the experience. They were very talented and entertaining. As nice as the restaurant was it was able to and happy to accommodate for our party that included a baby. For my cocktail I had the bloody Mary which was great, not too strong with a couple pickled green beans garnishing it. The food was great as well. I had the shrimp and goat cheese crepes that were out of this world delicious for an appetizer. I wussed out and got the omelet instead of something more daring for my entree and it was also good especially the biscuit it came with (but hey it's the south it should be good!). Others in our party got the Duck hash and shrimp and grits all with great reviews.  
I highly recommend Muriel's Jazz Brunch!If you are looking for an amazing meal, served by competent waitstaff, this is it.   We had tried gumbo elsewhere, Muriel's gumbo blew it away.  Kate's entree shrimp and grits was outstanding.  One taste of my dinner and I knew I will never have Boyoubaisse anywhere else, and I live in Vermont.   For dessert we were so full we brought it back to our room and enjoyed the flourless cake and best bread pudding on our terrace.   All the reviews said try the goat cheese crepes with shrimp and bread pudding with pralines and rum sauce.  Well guess what, I'm saying it too.  
Staff was happy to see us.  Extremely smooth and efficient.   This is the first place where our waiter Travis checked back within three minutes of each course-just to make sure it was to our liking.  He even labeled our to go containers.  The wine Katie recommended was a fine choice, exactly what we wanted.   See you for brunch in the morningFrom the relaxed and spacious atmosphere, to the classic New Orleans décor, to the attentive but down-to-earth service, to the exquisite food, this was one of the most pleasant dining experiences I've ever had.   The pecan-encrusted drum was amazing, the shrimp & grits were outstanding, and the bread pudding dessert made me a convert (for a dessert I'd never really liked).   What a wonderful restaurant!Went here for Sunday Jazz Brunch, amazing food and service. Jazz trio was excellent, only downside was they travel from room to room so we only got to listen to them for about 15 minutes of our entire meal. My husband had the red velvet ice cream sandwich for dessert and it was too.die.for! We almost returned the next day just for dessert!I may be jumping the gun by giving 5 stars for a drink, but I have to. I have been to NOLA many times and I can't believe I have never stumbled in to the bar at Muriel's.  This was my lucky day. I met a group of friends at the bar for my first taste of the sweet nectar of life called brandy milk punch.  How did I not know about this before?
When in NOLA, do yourself a favor and get one. Or three.  The next time I am in the city I will definitely stop by for a meal and update my review.If a very loud dining room bothers you, stop here. I will return but with ear plugs. The place is stunning, the service is impeccable and the food is some of the best ever. Hub had "bayoubaisse " their take on the French classic. I had the drum with crawfish relish which was large enough to feed two people easily. We shared the bread pudding. We both thoroughly enjoyed our well-prepared beautifully-presented meals. For me , though, that noise level, which was the same in all dining areas was exhausting. My husband was able to tune most of it out.I thought this place was a little stuffy and loaded with tourists. They even made me take off my hat in the dining room(a fedora) but let in 2 jackasses in shorts and flip flops. 
Service was good but it was all too much for my liking. They do make a mean sauzerac. 
We did the prie fixe. Started with Redfish cake(great) and soup of the day(meh). The pork chop was huge and delicious. Seafood stew was alright. Bread pudding was great as was the butterscotch pudding.
Wine pours a bit skimpy for my taste and wasn't a fan of their by the glass offerings.My family and I took a 5 day vacation to New Orleans and we just happen to walk by this place and decided to eat there for lunch. Wow were we blowen away the food was amazing and the service was top notch. We ended our stay by eating here for dinner and we would highly suggest this resturant!Loved it! We made a reservation and everything was ready when we arrived 5 minutes before our scheduled time. The food & service was amazing! 
Our waiter kris knew his stuff, he recommended good red wine and good food. we had the crab cake & the salmon with pecan sweet potatoes. This is what I was waiting for when I visited New Orleans, for my mind to go omg that was delicious, my fiancé is a chef and he said that the food was amazing that he would def come back. The dessert was blackberry something Alaska, it was okay. Side note: we saw them pick up a table & they actually change the table cloth instead of just putting new plates and utensils. Great restaurant! We couldn't go upstairs because there was an event but def doing back tomorrow!Best gluten free meal I have ever tasted. Dedicated gluten free menu. I had the pork chops and they we're out of this world. Great server and even a patient bartender who worked with me to get a gluten free drink before my meal.Muriel's had excellant service (thanks to Rebecca) and very good and tasty food. The first time that we ate there during our stay was a Thursday night and we didn't think that it would be crowded so we didn't make reservations. We were accommodated quickly (which isn't easy for a party of 5) and seated. I would recommend making reservations as it would make it easy for everyone.
I started with the turtle soup and it was thick with a lot of flavor. The sherry swirl adds to the taste.  One person at the table had gumbo and said that it was lukewarm (but she ate it anyway and didn't send it back.)  Someone else tried the appetizer crepes and liked them also. 
I had the seafood au gratin and found it to be very tasty also. The portion looks on the small side, but it is very filling with the thick cheese sauce.  It was a bit much for me.
GREAT Bread pudding.  I actually ordered the brownie desert. I liked the gelato, but the brownie was a little dry for my taste.  I tasted someone's bread pudding and it was awesome.Muriel's made my 25th birthday amazing. Due to flooding, we had to push our reservation back from 8:00 PM to 9:00 PM and still ended up being late due to traffic and this was no problem at all for the restaurant staff who accommodated us and greeted us with a smile. Our two servers, whose names I forgot unfortunately were astounding. We even found out that one was on his second day of training and you absolutely could not tell. Thanks to the Coolinary menu, we were able to take advantage of the wonderful goat cheese crepes, the pork chops, duck, Bayoubaisse, and creme brûlée. Every last dish was amazing. Thank you Muriel's for turning what could've been a truly terrible day into an amazing birthday I will never forget. I will for sure be returning on my future trips to Nola.While on vacation in New Orleans we were exploring the French Quarter and wanted to find a good place for lunch. Sure there are lots of places to eat, but we suspected that a lot just cater to the undescerning tourist. We wanted something that stood out. After searching for a while, a local strongly suggested we visit Muriel's. 
We found Muriel's in Jackson Square; to the right of St Louis Cathedral (on the corner). The dining rooms are stunning, the service was delightful, the food was fresh, delicious, memorable and surprisingly affordable. The building has so much history and if you ask, the staff will gladly tell you a few stories. You can also explore the upstairs, including the Séance Lounge and the balcony. 
Days later and we're still talking about this place! It's actually one of our favourite parts of our vacation; and a place we look forward to visiting again the next time we're in the Big Easy.
Specifics:
I tried and would highly recommend all of the following:
Turtle Soup (indescribable!)
Seafood Gumbo
Shrimp Creole 
Spinach and Pear Salad
Pecan Pie (life changing)Holy crap. This place is haunted!  One is the of the oldest restaurants in NO. Theres a table set up just for the ghosts. No kidding. Decor is really old and sometimes creepy...like the old pics of the husband and wife that used to own this place. 
Went for the 3 course meal. I had the shrimp and goat cheese creams with a beautiful cream sauce to start.
Then tried the pork shop and seafood stew. Very good but pork shop was the best.  We paired it with Muriel's own wine... A nice cab with grapes from Sonoma. 
Dessert hit the mark too. Tried the pecan bread pudding and flower less chocolate cake. Both yummy in their own right.
Get over the hauntings and try this place. Excellent.The definition of a 5 star restaurant.  (I know I grade easy, but if I was a food critic from the New York Times, I would still call this place 5 star).  It's not cheap so bring your money, but the food is WORTH it.  Oh and also, there's an in-house ghost.  Yeah that's right, dinner and a ghost.Not sure what is going on with Muriel's but we had a disappointing experience this past Jazz Fest. We've been annual regulars during the last 4-5 Jazz Fests, so we were looking forward to our visit this year. Unfortunately our evening was marred by spotty service, overly weak cocktails, and one overpriced entree that skimped on its centerpiece, the veal. A $35 plate should include more than a pile of mashed potatoes and ~3 ounces of tough veal. In fairness, we did not call attention to this during our meal as my husband was already past the point of complaining. Given all the dining choices in NOLA, not sure we will be returning to Muriel's on subsequent visits.Excellent lunch special and cheap bloody marys! Staff was very friendly and professional. I wish we could've sat on the balcony but it was a no go (maybe they don't do it at lunch time?). I highly recommend the 3 course prix fixe for lunch, potato leek soup was a real stand-out!I'm a native to the New Orleans area and I sometimes get upset at the restaurants in the French Quarter area because of all the restaurants here, they will most likely carry the torch and set the example and standard that tourists are impressed with. Muriel's is worthy of carrying that torch! The ambiance is second to none in the area. You can sit at ground zero of the French Quarter and eat great food at the window while watching the horse carriages trot by. The food is great. I usually order the steak tornados medium rare and I'm never disappointed. The service is very good too. I've never waited too long and they never fail to check up on us.Walked in on a Tuesday around 11:45 and was seated for lunch looking out on Jackson Square.  I had the seafood gumbo and a stuffed mirliton
made with shrimp and andouille stuffing with a roasted Creole tomato sauce.  Washed it all down with a couple of martinis made with a raspberry vodka and champagne.  Everything was delicious and the service was excellent.  Next time I'm in NOLA this will be a dinner choice.The best thing I had here was the red velvet ice cream cake...actually one of the best deserts I've had in a lonnnnng time :)
I had the BBQ shrimp which was good, but the shrimp was flavored as well as the shrimp rem. app that I shared.  That app was sooo flavorful.  The granny salad was perfect and the crawfish crepe was good too.  The service was really good, the chef came out and greeted our party.  I'd def recommend the red velvet and the BBQ shrimp if ya don't mind getting ur fingers dirty.I am only giving 3 stars because I expected more from the service because of the well-known name and higher dining prices.  The service wasn't great.  The food was just ok.  I ordered fish.  My date ordered duck.  The bread pudding was pretty good.  We wanted this to be a more romantic outing but it was extremely noisy that we didn't really talk much.  I'll probably try again at a quieter time maybe during the day or during the week.  I've been twice...both times on weekends.Place was packed but got a table for 4 anyway. Sever was great. Loved the stories about being able to eat with a ghost. The restaurant was clean and fancy. They had a very good menu with good choices. Very easy to pick out want you want. The best dessert there had to be the red velvet ice cream sandwich.We arrived in New Orleans for our wedding anniversary and decided Muriel's was the place for the big meal celebration. It is a very nice room. The seating, the tables and chairs, the crockery and cutlery, and the general feel of the restaurant, is very good. The service was excellent and was key to the enjoyment of the whole experience.
So, to the food. We wanted Cajun style. My wife had the soup of the day and boudin balls. I ordered a vegetable pot pie with a side of beans. First there was bread. It was a little doughy; more like crusty dumpling than bread. The pot pie filling was fair (the pastry was sensational) and the side of beans, with mushrooms and bacon, was nice. My wife's soup, she said, was very nice, the boudin balls were 'okay' and not as nice as some she had eaten earlier in the day.
I had two non-alcoholic beers, a coffee and a shot of Sambucca, Miss had two glasses of white wine and a coffee.
If a restaurant charges a high price, they need to provide a reason to justify it. Service and ambience are, of course, very important: But to provide ordinary food at an extraordinary price just doesn't quite cut it. The above, including tip, was $137.
In summary, Muriel's is a nice restaurant experience with everything being of the highest quality...except for the food, which is good, but not as good as price and reputation would suggest.Most restaurants had an exceedingly long wait time for our party of 8, but Muriel's had a space open immediately.  (Though this was probably just luck.)
The interior of the restaurant was amazing, especially in the middle section where we were seated.
The food and drinks were also excellent.  I ordered the filet and a Bloody Mary.  The filet was cooked perfectly and the Bloody Mary had a nice, refreshing flavor (though Pierre Maspero's wins the Bloody Mary contest in my opinion).  I also tasted the turtle soup - which had a very nice flavor - as well as the Gorgonzola cheesecake.  The cheesecake I was hesitant about, but it had a nice, smoky flavor and was really delicious even though I'm not a fan of Gorgonzola.
Overall, the fast seating, great food, and warm atmosphere all contributed to a five star rating!Amazing! We made reservations through opentable.com and were seated promptly when we arrived. I had the turtle soup, baby drum and bread pudding. Each dish is highly recommended. I will definitely be coming back just for the bread pudding!This place was quite a surprise for being so close to the French quarter with a ton of tourists in the area.  The place is huge with a lot of seats so you shouldn't need a reservation unless its a special event in the area.  The prices were pretty reasonable and they had a 3 course menu for 35$ I believe.  There were some items we really wanted so we just decided to order off the regular menu.  We started with the duck pastrami sandwich and the alligator dish.  Both were really good but the duck was AMAZING! The sauce and flavors of this dish were out of this world delicious.  For my meal I had the duck breast and it was really really good.  The duck was cooked perfectly.  My husband got the redfish and he really liked that as well.  I tried it and the fish was super tender and flavored nicely.  
Overall I was pleasantly surprised with this place and may come again soon!This place was excellent! Reservations are a must here. My wife and I had Sunday Jazz Brunch reservations for 12:30. We showed up early so the hostess directed us to the bar. This is where our experience started and We quickly fell in love. Beautiful bar in the back, just past an indoor courtyard area with ivy hanging all around. The Bloody Mary's were better than some of the other more famous ones in town
Once seated in the formal dining room, we were greeted by our waiter Travis and his assistant. They were very helpful and nice. The room was pretty with hardwood floors and old pictures on the walls. High ceilings of course, and lots of windows.
For an appetizer, we shared an order of the crawfish crepes. This item was actually one of the reasons I chose this place, and they met my expectations. My wife had the omelette, with potatoes and a biscuit. She was very pleased. I had the yellow fin tuna, which was the fish of the day. It came seared, on a bed of spinach. It was prepared perfect, and the portion was much more than expected. This wasn't some 2 bite piece of fish. I think a lot of people would have had a hard time finishing it. 
The band alternated between the 2 dining rooms, playing 2 or 3 songs before switching. Sound was awesome, not too loud, and they even took a few requests!
We finished our meal with an espresso, just enjoying the ambiance. All in all, a great experience. We will be back!One of my fave places. Born and raised in Metairie, and it's the perfect place to take out-of-towners and/or to go to for special occasions. The food is ridiculously good, the atmosphere is fantastic and the service is great. Sunday jazz brunch is magical - my favorite dish is the crawfish and goat cheese crepes, seriously what dreams are made of. Oh, and don't even get me started in their bread pudding. Just go.We just missed lunch so the only thing available to us was appetizers, salads, and soups. I ordered the spinach salad. It was pretty good. I mostly filled up on bread. The bread was soft and warm. I liked it.
The location is fantastic and the ambiance is nice. 
I would be willing to try this place again for either Sunday brunch or lunch.I am writing this from the table... The food was so amazing that I needed to rate it ASAP. If you're here for brunch you have to get the shrimp and grits. Next level. Great service, live Jazz and a Bloody Mary that I wish u had a gallon on. Nice job Murial!As firstimers to NOLA...we spent the day in the French Quarter drinking, shopping and seeing the sites...as evening drew near, this beautiful restaurant emerged from the craziness...so we walked in. This is a very elegant place but don't let that fool you. My wife and I each ordered off the 3 course meal. She had the Chicken and I had the flank steak. Gumbo was our appetizer and chocolate cake was our dessert. Erin our server was sweet and efficient. She made us California out of towers feel very welcomed. I'm sure this place has drunk stragglers role in all the time....The food was AMAZING! This was a PERFECT end to our day. I love this place. Their food and service are unmatched. I will come back here when I return next year. (also try the Perky Peach cocktail) it is tasty!    Well done Muriels!Sunday Jazz Brunch was pretty delightful, just a few minor complaints kept it from being five stars all the way. All things said and done, if you are a tourist looking for a jazz brunch then this is definitely one to keep on your short list. 
We were seated in the smallish front room. When we entered the jazz trio was going at it, but by the time I had ordered my bloody mary they picked up and hoofed it far away. The trio rotates through the rooms apparently. It's loud enough you probably can't hear them unless they are in your room. Not exactly what I had expected, but of course, they did come back to our room after I had finished eating so we stayed a spell longer to hear another set in the room. The clarinet guy keeps close tabs on his watch and books it out of the room the second they are done in there. Like clockwork.
You get a main server and the associate, helping out. Both of them acted way too happy and excited to be there. There is no reason to be that peppy in the morning in NOLA. It was just weird and offputting.
The bloody mary comes in a pint glass so it is a big boy drink, not a dandy's drink in a little high ball that barely has anything in it. There is a speared lemon and lime wedge as well as some green beans. The green beans were a nice touch. I requested the bloody mary as spicy as they could go and the waitress let me know it was spicy, which is codespeak for "it comes out of one huge vat, so just suck it up and enjoy it" - and of course it wasn't spicy. So she brought me a jar of tabasco. Points for effort I suppose. This is what happens when you make drinks out of a giant vat, rather than individually crafted with attention to whether a real man wants his girly drink as spicy as they can do it, or if the dandy fop wants his girly drink as girly as it comes. 
You get free egg bread, it was basically challah, but this doesn't seem like a city that has a large Jewish population, so it was just egg bread. It comes out warm and has butter. It is a nice little treat as an appetizer when your first bloody mary makes an appearance, but well before your food will be coming on down.
I went with the shrimp and goat cheese crepes because I make impulsive decisions. It turned out to be one of my rare good impulsive decisions. The crepes were fantastic. The goat cheese delicious, the sauce was perfectly flavored to accompany it, and the shrimps while spartan were a nice spice of life to the dish.
The servers were offputting. And also something I learned after the fact at the ghost tour, Muriel's has a ghost. That would have been cool if the super peppy waiters had said anything about that ... but no dice. That's my recommendation, instead of looking cracked out and trying to grab the plate out from under me I am still eating off of, maybe ask if we saw the ghost's table over in the corner with the wine glass.
Good food, good music for the few minutes the trio is in your room. I would come back.My wife and I went here yesterday for our last dinner of our NOLA vacation. Reservations are recommended but they took us right in. The service was excellent and our waiter Travis was very knowledgable and attentive. We both had the Muriel's house salad, very tasty with plenty of bacon. My wife had the sweet potato soup, she raved about it. My duck was excellent and was probably the best that I've ever had. My wife's filet was cooked to perfection and was a great piece of meat. The desserts were to die for!! Bread pudding and creme brûlée, I wish I could have brought them home with me in NJ.Went two nights ago for dinner and had a very pleasant experience but it was slightly lacking this time around. Made reservations online for a group of three including my 2 year old daughter, ( they have a kids menu and we have brought her here a few times before. Also this is not a TGI Fridays, while I did see another table with a kid no one was screaming or making a scene this is still an upscale restaurant which accommodates families who would like to enjoy a nice evening out together.) We were promptly seated and then unlike the many times we came before service was somewhat slow. It took us about 20 min just to put our order in and I don't remember seeing our server more than twice, her busboy kept trying to fill in but service was very lacking. They have a prix fix menu with three courses for 35 dollars which is a steal. I ordered that with the Gorgonzola tart to start which is more like a mousse, very good just not a tart, and the BBQ shrimp as a main. My husband ordered BBQ shrimp a la cart and we split the appetizer. Now the BBQ shrimp here might be the best fancy interpretation on this dish in the city. It is served with the best BBQ shrimp sauce and a grit cake which does a good job soaking up the spicy and buttery sauce, here is where the issue comes. On the menu it clearly says served with heads on, now the assumption is I will receive the dish with the heads on the shrimp which if you have tried it give the shrimp better flavor and the heads themselves are great to squeeze and suck sauce out of. However dishes came no heads, and this is not the first time, we have probably been here 8 times now and every other time we get no heads with no mention we are getting shrimp with no heads until the dish is served. 
I kind of feel like while the dish is still very good that's another ding on service for not letting us know out of courtesy, and when you combine that with the generally slow service on a Sunday night when the restaurant was only half full I can't in good conscience give it a five star review.Best complete meal of my life. The whole meal was lovely (my best complement for food). My boyfriend ordered from the prix fixe menu and I ordered from the a la carte. He got the turtle soup, pecan crusted drum, and bread pudding. I got the fried green tomato stack and steak. The turtle soup was just so good, it was comforting and delicious. The drum was wonderful and flakey. The sides of the fish were hands down the best item with the crawfish and nuts adding a meaty depth, and the sauce was a light lemon perfection.  My green tomato stack was a lovely array of flavors. I don't eat shrimp due to an unfortunate incident when I was a kid but I ate these without hesitation. My steak was nice (though definite not the best dish on the menu) the sides were so good though-the potatoes and charred carrots were perfect. The bread pudding was good and a nice way to end the meal, the pecan topping was the best part. Definitely a must for dinner while in New Orleans. (My first five star dinner)This is a great place for a nice dinner in the French Quarter that won't break the bank.  They have two options for dinner - a traditional a la carte meal or a Table d'Hote which includes appetizer, entree, and dessert for a fixed price of $28.95.  We chose the Table d'Hote because we felt it was the better deal.  Our waiter, Tucker, was phenomenal!  Super friendly and really knowledgable about the menu.  He figured we were tourists so he explained the ingredients in the soup of day (the main ingredient was some sort of local squash that I had never heard of).  My boyfriend ordered the glazed pork chops and claimed they were the best pork chops he had ever had!  I had the seafood au gratin, which was also very tasty and filling.  Beware - if you plan to have a few drinks after dinner do not order this meal - it is so good that you will want to finish it but it is very heavy.  The downstairs dining rooms are decorated with old photographs and interesting architectural details.  The bar is set in the back and a nice place to sit and relax - order the Pimm's Cup.  You must definitely check out the upstairs while you're there!  Beautiful dining rooms used for special events, a seance room, and a balcony overlooking Jackson Square.  Our waiter informed us that anyone is welcome to have a drink upstairs on the balcony anytime the restaurant is open (they don't serve food up there though).  It would be a great place to people watch during the day.  And be on the lookout for the restaurant's resident ghost!Wow. Where do I start. The BEST dining experience me and my wife have had in the French quarter while on vacation. Made a reservation here weeks ahead to celebrate an anniversary with my lady and first off let's talk about the spectacular customer service. First off, I sent a brief email when I made the reservation, requesting (if possible) a romantic table more secluded and away from the rest. We were seated at the only table by the corner window directly facing Jackson square, under a few romantic lamps on the wall, very cool. The waiter was even notified apparently of our celebration because he wished us a happy anniversary and we each received a complementary glass of champagne which was great, not cheap bitter bubbles. Now let's talk about the food. Wow. You want messy food, tons of stuff jammed together? You have half of the French quarter. You want a five star dinner made by an amazing chef; with tastes so widespread you are guaranteed to say wow at something new? Go to Muriel's. The BEST pork chop I've had my whole life, the best bread pudding I've had my whole life, the list can go on. But most importantly, CUSTOMER SERVICE. Exceptional. I've spent years working in the customer service industry, as well as training people in customer service, and if I had to choose restaurants to represent the level of service I expect at all times, I'd choose Muriel's and Jackson Square, and the South Gate restaurant in the Essex House across the street from Central Park NY. I've been around and know when a restaurant truly deserves a review as exceptional as their service/food. To the chef and management of Muriel's, my hat is off to you. You have a customer for life every time I am in NOLA.Very cool restaurant with an enclosed courtyard. Our two waiters were very attentive the entire meal, which I would definitely expect dining at a restaurant like Muriel's.  The escargot was fantastic and the soft shell crab was delicious. We had a large group and were lucky to get same day reservations. (I would definitely recommend reserving a table a few days in advance.)I'm not sure I can write a review to adequately convey how truly excellent tonight's meal was! 
We started with the shrimp crepes and the gumbo, and had the black drum with shiitake mushroom sauce & my husband had the seafood "bayoubaisse".. Followed with a chocolate cake that was to die for, and some fantastic house made sorbet! 
Every course was perfect!  
The ambiance was lovely, the service outstanding!  Thank you David and Yana!
Thank goodness we discounted the negative reviews, despite how well written and convincing!
Going back tomorrow for brunch!beautiful restaurant with amazing service. food was great too!Excellent good, ordered the pecan crawfish and it was absolutely wonderful. I would highly recommend this place and will definitely come back.
Loved the live music there too.Yet another fantastic restaurant in New Orleans...amazing food and atmosphere.  It was recommended to us by a local.  The only reason I did not offer this restaurant 5 stars is because of our waitress.  As we normally do, my fiance and I went with the prix fixe menu...one for the both of us.  We do not do this because of a lack of funds, but simply because portion sizes are outrageous and we do not want to waste food.  We asked if we could split the meal and the waitress said we could but they would not split it onto two plates for us...we would have to do that ourselves at the table.  It's not a huge deal, definitely not a show stopper, BUT I feel as though this shows a slight lack of customer service.  Really, how long does it take to put one meal on two plates?  
Once again, we added an extra appetizer...I had the shitake mushroom and spinach soup (Fantastic) and my fiance had the shrimp and goat cheese crepes (fiance enjoyed them, I do not like goat cheese).  We ordered the pork chops which came with pecan crusted sweet potatoes and greens.  Without a doubt the BIGGEST pork chop I have ever seen and it was AMAZING!  For dessert, a vanilla bean creme brulee.  
Wine/drink menu was a bit pricey for my taste, but all restaurants around here seem to charge up the wazoo for alcohol.  
Great location, great food, great atmosphere, almost great service.  Definitely check this place out!This was the best restaurant we visited on our weekend trip to NOLA. The food here is unbelievable. We had 2 couples so we shared off each other's plates so everyone got a good variety of different dishes. The pork chop was very well cooked with a nice sweet flavor. Drum fish was good as well, and the shrimp and grits were amazing. They had a creaminess similar to mash potatoes, and the flavor was incredible. If that wasn't enough, the bread pudding was the best I've ever had. Save room.Excellent food. A nice change from all the Cajun/Creole (although I love it too). Nice French inspired menu. Zucchini roulade was crazy good. 
Lovely, CLEAN atmosphere, wonderful attentive service and the local lore was fun!Found this place right next to Jacksons square and it is spectacular.  Everything was great and quality service.  $40 tasting menu was worth it for the quality seafood and delicious bread pudding.Try the pecan crusted drum. We were are a party of four. Three had the fish and all rated it delicious. I had the duck breast, which was perfectly prepared. Bits of duck and rendered duck skin in the dirty rice accompaniment.After my wedding we came to eat at this place. Wonderful drinks, my salmon was wonderful. The banana bread pudding was perfect combination of sweet and fluffy. The waiter was thoughtful in gifting us a free appetizer of shrimp as a wedding present  thank you, we plan to returnWe went back and gave it another shot, loved it so much we are having our wedding reception there!!!I loved Muriel's! Great atmosphere, very attentive wait staff and the food was exceptional. I walked in and asked if they could accommodate a GLUTEN FREE dietary request and they not only said an emphatic "yes" but had a full gluten free menu. I had a delicious spinach salad ( feta cheese, bacon vinaigrette dressing) and the petit filet, shrimp, mash potatoes and green beans. All GF. I highly recommend Muriel's and go again.Not the touristy place you would expect in the heart of tourist central.  Gorgonzola tart and spinach salad were delicious.  The petit filets were prepared at correct temperature.  Fried oysters were excellent.  Servers Colleen and Yana were on top of there game.My friend and I stumbled upon this restaurant at the same time one of the managers was outside hanging a sign. We asked about the entrées and he was kind enough to tell us what most people ordered at Muriel's and why. 
We decided to try it out, and he was right in every way. Not only was the food outstanding (we each had the blackened red fish & crème brûlée), but so was the service. Everyone who waited on us was genuinely enthusiastic about making our dining experience perfect. It's not difficult to imagine that the chef, too, worked at this same level of commitment. 
This was by far the best restaurant in every way than any place in New York or Paris as I have been extremely fortunate in my life to have traveled to both places more times than I can count. Thank you for a wonderful, wonderful evening.Great food that stands out--whether it's the fish, alligator appetizer, desserts, etc., all were unbelievable.  The service is impeccable, and as expected, the dishes are unbelievable. Very well done food, presentation, etc. Our waiter heard us mention getting married the night before, so he surprised us with complimentary champagne. We got the three course meal package and enjoyed everything from start to finish (and the accompanying Hurricane was much better than the typical ones--they used natural fruit instead of powder and sugar). Also, the prices were great for what was offered--felt like a steal. Definitely recommend for a classy or casual dinner (all types were there) in the heart of the French Quarter.Wonderful food and atmosphere.  Classy but not stuffy.  Highly recommend any of the seafood appetizers and entrees including the oysters and redfish.  Waitstaff are very attentive.  Nice prix fixe menu offerings.Great food, amazing service! Liz and Jennifer were very attentive and Liz gave great suggestions, including gluten-free options for my girlfriend.
I visited the restaurant during Coolinary month.
I'm not a big fan of pork but the double cut pork chop was cooked perfectly.  The peach barbecue sauce added extra flavor to the dish.
I also enjoyed the seafood gumbo.
The bread pudding and creme brûlée completed an excellent meal.It was a hot day, looking for some refuge from the heat and find a good meal.
We came to the right place, hospitable greeting and nice bar service.
We had a great time and wish to visit again when in the area.
Honey Child! delicious ....Excellent food, outstanding service, wonderful atmosphere!  Highly recommend!  I had the shrimp and goat cheese crepes at Sun Jazz Brunch. Live music, ghost stories, Muriel's has it all!  SGS  Aug 28, 2016Double cut Pork Chops, Baby Drum, Escargot and Crawfish & Goat Cheese Crapes were all wonderful.   The pork chops were phenomenal!!!!  Great atmosphere and staff.   Will return.  Be sure to take a look upstairs at the old brothel room.We stumbled upon this little gem after we ended our ghost tour.  The tour ended at this restaurant since this building is haunted.
Food: we decided to try the three course meal for $39.99 per person.  We started with the salad (which was very refreshing) and cheesecake (sounded good on the menu but it was too heavy for an appetizer). Our main courses were the mussels (perfect amount of mussels and pasta) and pork chop (wow this was very tender and tasty!!) and ended with creme brûlée (fantastic) and bread pudding (not a big fan).
Service: I'm so impressed with the service here. Everyone is super friendly. Although we walked in 15 min before closing time, they did not rush us in any way. 
We also got to check out the "ghost table", which was cool. Definitely recommend it!Came here for Valentine's Day with another couple and we all loved it!  The food was excellent.  We shared the crawfish with goat cheese appetizer, I had the blackened redfish as my entree which was out of this world, and the red velvet ice cream sandwich for dessert - all-star lineup!  The ambiance is also nice for a real New Orleans style dining experience with very polite wait staff and antique-esque decor.  All around a great experience!I am getting ready for our trip to New Orleans this Halloween and was just fantasizing about our last trip there and how we ate at Muriels and it was wonderful.
For a place in the quarter that is right in the center of tourist land, this restaurant is classy but not overly stuffy. The atmosphere is beautiful. The walls, a deep velvety maroon with a collection of antiques and gorgeous New Orleans decor. You can see the attention to detail. There are no spots on the water glasses or silver. The table cloths are immaculate.
There is nothing too complicated on the menu, just delicious Cajun & Creole food. There is a table d'hote option which I like because you get a full course meal for one price. The wine selection is broad and desserts are heavenly. The bread they bring to your table is unbelievably soft and warm and served with an herb butter. 
A reservation is recommended but there are times when you can walk in for lunch or dinner also. It is an expansive restaurant in a gorgeous french quarter building. Appropriate attire should be worn (no shorts and flip flops) but it does not require a sport coat. I like to wear a dress to dinner anyways, there is something about fancy New Orleans dining that calls for being dressed pretty. If you are wearing a ball cap they will ask you to remove it and I appreciate that. I like that they maintain their standards and hold strong to those policies. If you want to eat in your outside clothes, go to an oyster house. Please, have respect for yourself and the other diners. : )
We have had beautiful, consistent food, every time, with some of the best service we've ever had anywhere. The servers are never hurried or rushed or nervous, but work at a relaxed pace. The servers, runners and bussers work as a tight ship and you can see the quality in their work. Everything comes out at the right time. Dishes are cleared at the right time. Water is filled at the right time. It is 100% perfect service.
A warning..... this place is haunted by a man who lost his home in a gamble. The restaurant is the ghosts former home. I was in the ladies room alone and something had turned the lights off on me while I was in the loo. There was no one else in the room with me. Scary but interesting to say the least.
I really enjoyed this place and my boyfriend did too. I would recommend it time and again for anyone in the quarter who wants fine dining, but not too-fine of dining.We ate lunch here, and the crawfish etouffee was the best I've tasted (out of 3-4 other places some with higher price tags). The meat is chunky, the sauce is divine and spiced just right, not over creamy and bland. The other entree we had, pistachio crusted puppy drum (fish) with crawfish relish, and the gumbo both were outstanding. I can confirm the other reviewers who said this may be among the best food in the French quarter, especially for lunch.Very disappointed in this place. I had high hopes for this place. Food was decent ( FYI you dont put sauce on a filet mignon). Service was below average. The place is very eye appealing. Not worth the money.Had the pork chop. It didn't live up to the hype. Our party had two orders of the pork chop and both were ordered medium both came out well done. The pork chop lacked flavor and the sides were to salty.  For the price it should have been much better. I will say the appetizer was on super yummy and the only good thing I have to say about the meal.WHAT A GEM! WHAT A GEM WHAT A GEM!
Not a tourist trap, despite the location being right there on Jackson Square!
The food, fantastic!
The service, fantastic!
Location, fantastic!  Awesome Gallery overlooking the north corner of the old Place des Armes (Jackson Square)
The restoration and respect for the building's history, Outstanding!
It's got a little secret awesomeness too to it. It has a resident from the old days.
I'll keep it cryptic so as to avoid people just coming to be looky loos. But if you're down for AMAZINGLY GOOD food, great deserts, great wine and are willing to pay for what it's worth, go to Muriel's and ask about what's upstairs. Finish your meal, order a drink and chill out upstairs. 
We're even considering having a wedding in NOLA for the purpose of the proximity of this place to the church!
Oh yeah.... Quite possibly the best bread pudding in the world!I came here for a rehearsal dinner on a Friday night.  The place is charming and the food and the service was very good.  The only complaint I have is the room on the second floor that held our party was rather tight.  Also, there are not enough chairs for guests to sit down to get a break from standing in high heels all day long.We didn't dine here, just escaped the best to enjoy a glass of wine and some cocktails while we toured the building. We stopped by this place while on a ghost tour and thought it looked charming. We had a huge lunch so we didn't even look at the menu, but the food being served at the bar looked good. Our two bartenders were fast, friendly and made some great drinks for us. The place is supposedly haunted, great story behind it, but we found this place interesting and beautiful. Would definitely come back for dinner.Interesting and traditional decor but the food was just okay. We tried the sunday brunch.The staff was amazing, impeccable service. The food, unbelievably tasty and at a great price! One look at the menu and you will realize the only issue of the day will be what delectable items to choose. After much debate and lots of help from our 2, not 1 waitressess, I finally gave in to the Shrimp Remoulade
as an appetizer and the Crawfish and Andouille Omelette as my entree. I am so glad I did, every bite was a joy and I am looking forward to returning very soon.Beautiful place, Excellent music, and friendly staff. The singer in the music trio had an angelic voice. The brandy punch and pork chop with greens tasted yummy. The service was too slow! One guy would bring out the food and sit it on the tray next to the table and it took the waiter too long to actually give us the food. For one dish the host ended up passing out our plates. So if you don't have any other plans for the day, this is an excellent place to experience.Overall, Muriel's was a pleasant experience; it's definitely more lively and active than slow-paced and relaxing, but the service is outstanding, and the food is quite good.  I ordered from Prix Fixe menu -- the butternut squash soup, the half-chicken, and the creme brulee.  The soup tasted great, though perhaps could have used more squash flavor.  The chicken tasted slightly bizarre -- I think there was a bit too much thyme in the seasoning.  I only ate about two thirds of it.  The creme brulee tasted good; it didn't knock my socks off, but it definitely passed the test.  
Muriel's is worthwhile for the history and atmosphere alone.  Just steer clear of the chicken entree!Apparently this restaurant has caught a lot of flak for poor service. And good for them, they've read the reviews because we had two attentive servers that were constantly making sure we had everything we needed. A water glass was never less than half empty. The escargot and tomato stack were great. Entrees were good but not something I'd go back for. Overall, nice ambience and good experience. They turn over a lot of tables and do it well. If you're looking for a local intimate dining experience then look elsewhere. But if you are staying in the French quarter and need a good spot that won't disappoint but not dazzle, this is it.Muriel's deserves a 5-stars for several reason:
1. Excellent food
2. Immaculate service
3. It saves my impression of hyped up over priced restaurants in the French Quarter.
After the sub-par experience at Brennan's Restaurant on Royal St. it's a relief that service is still not forgotten in a true 5 stars venues.  People come to places like this expecting a certain standard and Muriel's met every single one of them.
Friendly, attentive wait staff. Prompt service. Warm bread and fresh coffee. Great food and great music. 
I'm not going to be lengthy because I want you to go there and experience it yourself. 
All around great experience with solid 5 stars.We had 9pm fri reservations for 14 ladies for a bachelorette dinner. We were seated promptly but at 2 separate tables next to each other. The place was pretty roomy and lovely. The bar area was separated from the main dining which was great. The bathrooms were clean. Service was great. I ordered a refreshing martini, crawfish & goat cheese crepe, and escargot Orleans. I tasted some friends desserts the bread pudding and creme brûlée. Everything was delicious. The waitress was sweet and recommended us a great place to go dancing afterwards. Price was reasonable. I recommend this place totally!I absolutely LOVE this restaurant!  The venue is great, the waitstaff are helpful, knowledgeable about the menu and pleasant and the food is great!!  Also, with it being New Orleans and all there is a definite back story to this establishment and people have attended seances there!  But don't let that stop u--it just makes it all the more interesting!Muriel's is by far one of the best dining experiences present in New Orleans today. This is a formal restaurant without putting stuffiness ahead of the comfort and sensibility of their customers. During our dinner there was a group of people who were completely and inappropriately dressed for even the most casual of restaurants. However, the staff is so well polished the group was not turned away but quietly and discreetly covered up with the restaurants T shirts and were seated with out disturbing the other guests. This may seem like an odd event to note, but it finely demonstrates the refined service skills of staff. One is comfortable in a button down shirt or a tie and jacket or even a polo shirt. The food was by far some of the best I've had in the Quarter over the many years I have visited. The duck was expertly seared and served at a perfect temp. The duck fried rice with greens was simply perfect, I could have taken a whole order to go. The service one receives is unmatched and could easily be described as graceful. My birthday dinner was memorable and everything I wanted it to be and I can't wait to return.Our Muriel's experience was a 5 star one from start to finish. We had a reservation and were seated immediately. The front dining room is gorgeous and looks out onto Jackson square. Our waiters were knowledgeable and quick and made great suggestions. The pre-fixe meal is an incredible deal for a meal of that quality, especially for how large the portions are. 
I ordered the Coq au Vin for my main and it was incredible, tender, flavorful meat that had obviously been tended to for hours. We loved our meal here and will be returning on our next trip to New Orleans.From the moment we stepped in service was excellent. Drinks are very tasty. Food is amazing! We'll definitely be back!Building and ambience beautiful!  Food was amazing. Had the crepe appetizer and changed entree to also order crepe was soooooooo good. The mushroom gnocchi sauce was delicious but the gnocchi itself bland. The Veney dish was scrumptious. Service, on the other hand, slow. On average 15 min to get a drink with 3 bartenders. At 1:30PM in Sunday. Asked server for several items multiple times and never received. Service needs work but kitchen totally awesome.This location is great because it's so centrally located, historical, and extremely charming.   The food was fabulous and the service was also excellent. I'd recommend this place to anyone visiting New Orleans.They were able to sneak us in as a large group on a busy night. The crepes were amazing as well as just about everything else. My son got the duck, which was the only thing that was not delicious. The salmon was great and the pork chop my other son had was one of the best we have ever had. I highly recommend this placeWow! We had decided on a destination wedding in New Orleans. I started researching online and Muriel's came up in many searches. It seemed like a great place for a group of any size, we were looking for around 25 people. I contacted them for more information and immediately heard back from the sales staff. I had many, many questions and they were so helpful. I had Maria helping us and she was so quick with responses, she had recommendations on wedding planners, flowers, everything! Because of her we made our decision to have our wedding dinner here. The atmosphere was amazing, such a beautiful place! The rooms are so cool and love the history to it. But the food...oh the food... wow! From the appetizers to the desert - everything was outstanding. Goat cheese crepes, Muriel's salad, redfish, pork chops, bread pudding - wow! My mouth is watering just thinking of it. We were in New Orleans for a week and our guests are raving about how this was the best meal. The service was completely amazing. So friendly and professional. You don't find service like this anymore and it is exactly what you would hope for during your wedding dinner. Thank you Muriel's, we are so looking forward to visiting you for our anniversaries!We went here for our 10th anniversary dinner. It is a gorgeous space, each room unique and equally charming. So the setting is a 10. Service is understated and very professional as you would expect in a fine dining restaurant, and timing of their appearances at each step of our experience was perfect.
We got Gorgonzola Cheesecake, house salad, Shrimp and Grits, Sauteed Salmon on pea succotash with zesty onion rings, flourless choc cake, and trio of sorbets. Every single bite of every single thing was heavenly. The gorgonzola cheesecake is one of the best things I ever put in my mouth. The salmon was also absolute perfection with a very interesting bed of the succotash that was extremely flavorful. It was one of those dishes where the chef rightfully probably wants you to get a bit of each of the elements in each bite - extraordinary. Husband was very pleased with his shrimp/grits as well.
It made for a wonderful dinner all around: atmosphere, food, and service were perfect.In the middle of Jackson square, this beautiful converted home had the most amazing menu. True southern cuisine that melts in your mouth. Crawfish and goat cheese crepes were not too heavy and paired perfectly with my mimosa. Grilled tenderloin salad with the most amazing dressing and fried chick peas for the right amount of crunch. Highly recommend !  Great service to top it all off.After the wild mushroom gnocchi I really wanted to give it a five-star rating BUT I had ordered a beet and goat cheese salad, "light on the dressing". Well, it was so light that it ended up being non existent.
Nice ambiance, excellent service and great location. I'll be back.Visit began with a surprisingly rude and disappointing restaurant experience with the hostess. Because she was a difficult person, I asked for the manager on duty to discuss my open table reservation. Sadly I do not get to enjoy the food here and may consider not to after my first (or last) visit. My rating was due to an unprofessional and disrespectful staff!Well, for the price we paid, the server was condescending and the food was good but not spectacular.  We had the goat cheese and crawfish crepes, turtle soup, seafood bayoubase, shrimp and grits, bread pudding and cremebrulee.  Although the food was quite good, it lacked content; not much "turtle" in the turtle soup, large portions of grits compared to shrimp, and a few errors with our drinks and bill.  The most challenging lo engine part was trying to get our server to not be condescending and to find her excuse for being so, well, stuck-up.  Perhaps there been riding on their notoriety for too long.Wow! This place is awesome! There is so much history and the designs of the restaurant is so intriguing. We were there for a nice dinner and the sever took his time to explained the famous stories of the place. It was busy and there were plenty of workers so we were being treated very well. I got the toasted duck plate and it was absolutely delicious! I would highly recommend checking this restaurant out if you're in New Orleans.Hands down our best dining experience while on NOLA. The food was excellent. We had been given recommendations from the hotel and other locals but found this place on Yelp. Most places were hit or miss and a lot of the food lacked flavor.I was born and raised here, but this was my first time here. Very great food. And my cousin is one of the chefs .Mixed feelings. It has a very rich history, and is definitely a great place to visit if you're in town. It's an upscale place, but they have this indoor patio area that is not as fancy but the same menu. The indoor patio area might as well be outdoors because I was FREEZING. I could barely drink my water cause it was so cold. 
Our waitress was also terrible. She was very inattentive, slow, and forgetful. We waited a ridiculous amount of time waiting to order, for our check, etc. 
My friend got the Cajun chicken, and I got the pork chop. The food was GREAT. the bread they bring in the beginning was also out of this world, very unique. My friends wine glass was dirty, and they quickly got her a new glass. 
Did definitely appreciate the sanitary door opener in the bathroom!We had a wonderful experience at Muriel's tonight! My sister raved about the sweet potato soup with bacon and caramelized onions OMG!  We loved everything-- shrimp appetizer, crab cake, oven roasted chicken with mushrooms, asparagus side - the bread pudding was also wonderful (paired with coffee and cappuccinos!) 
This restaurant is a must for me any time I return to NOLA!Recommended by the concierge of the Astor Crowne Plaza.  It was a Thursday night.  We ordered cocktails which took 15 minutes to arrive.  I ordered a Moscow mule which I'm assuming they just didn't know how to make it because it was green colored and had no ginger taste at all.  I then ordered the Frogs Leap Sauvignon Blanc which was practically undrinkable, my husband took a sip and actually shook his head to get it down.  I ordered the Blackened Red Fish which was the most expensive item on the menu and my husband assured me it wound be delicious: Wrong! It was undercooked, slimy and did not appear blackened just mild in spice.  It was actually kind of mushy.  I just couldn't eat it.  They were fairly accommodating, offering me something else, but at this point I was over it.  My husband found his items to be edible but not wonderful.  Sorry Muriel's, for the high end prices, this should be a lot better.  It is in the most touristy of locations so I should have known.  I would not go again.Went here for brunch on a Sunday which offers a Sunday Jazz band with brunch. The food was outrageously good. I ordered eggs benedict and an appetizer of goat cheese crepes with crawfish and shrimp, which were both unbelievable and a must order. 
The ambiance was gorgeous, the people were friendly and the service was impeccable. Everything was outstanding, the next time I visit New Orleans, this is the first place I'm going!
The restaurant is also supposedly haunted and has a great rich history. Do yourself a favor and come here for brunch or dinner, you won't regret it!We had the best experience at Muriel's.  My husband had the pecan crusted drum and I had the barbque shrimp.  I highly recommend either.  Our waitress was very attentive and gave us excellent recommendations on appetizers and dessert.  We spent a week in New Orleans and this was the best meal we had!We had lunch at Muriel's today at 12:30 I had the vegetable soiree (sp?). I have eaten fine food in most States in the USA, some in Jordan, many in Mexico, and a few in Canada it was probably the best thing I have ever eaten. My husband has the burger and it was great he said. We will definitely give it 5 stars. Harold and Debby BinghamThere were four of us and we all enjoyed our meal.  After looking at some of the dishes that others in my party had, I wanted to return another night and order theirs also.  However just not enough nights in my vacation to do that.  Despite seeing the others plates my food was also very good. We visited both the ghosts table and the séance room that is upstairs while there. It was an interesting experience.  Definitely would return.  Two other highly hyped restaurants we went to couldn't  even hold a candle to this one.Came here with a bunch of my girlfriends. Ordered the duck hash with poached eggs. Super yummy and the croissants were on point! Definitely coming back.Found this gem today via the yelp app on my iphone.  What a wonderful lunch followed be an investigation of the upstairs rooms. Our waiter James was most helpful.   We had the goat cheese crepes and the salad midi.  Both were delicious and made a delightfully light lunch shared between two.We came here for my cousins bachelorette weekend and stop here last minute they got us in right away told us the history of the building. I got the shrimp and grits which was amazing and I'm still craving it now would recommend this place for weekend brunch!!Solid three.  Food was totally OK, somewhat expensive.  It's a great, loud place where one should go to have a bachelorette party dinner, as many were doing when we were there.  Given what else I found in the area, it was somewhat over-expensive for what we got, but in part that has to be factored in with the real estate and location.  I wouldn't be a regular here, but I think it would be a good first evening dinner in New Orleans if one were "doing it up."Great atmosphere. 2 servers were on it every step of the way. Shrimp and grits are probably the best I've ever had. Gumbo was spot on as well. Prix fixed option makes for reasonable pricing.  A couple of private rooms upstairs that look like they would be great for groups.We went for the Jazz Brunch on Sunday morning and were more than happy with the food, the service and the cool jazz.My wife and I chose this restaurant on our last night in New Orleans. The food was fantastic and the service was extraordinary. Try the double cut pork chop. You won't be disappointed.Really a lovely place, very solid.  Great atmosphere down near Jackson Square with exposed brick. Service is attentive and helpful.  Menu is classic/traditional New Orleans cuisine.  We went for lunch and I had the Satsuma salad which was tasty and the etouffe which was flavorful.  I didn't think the food was spectacular hence the 3 star rating but a great overall place for lunch in that area.
We didn't go, but the bar in the back was really cozy and looked like a classy place for a cocktail or beverage.This place was recommended by locals to me. Definitely a must-go restaurant if you like sea-type meals. The service was excellent the shrimp plate is exceptional!Location was good, right on the square. Judging from the crowds, I expected greatness. My expectations were not met. The goat cheese crepes were awesome, as was the Puppyfish, but the seafood au gratin just serviceable. Bread- meh.  Dessert was weak. Maybe I'm just tired of eating.Best brunch I have ever had. Everyone at my table agreed. Went on a Sunday morning and there was a live mini band which added to the atmosphere. Husband had an amazing pork shop and my sister in law had the "best omelette of her life". It's pricey and the portions aren't huge but somehow...it's worth it.I was here for brunch on Mardi Gras weekend. I made reservations two weeks before since I was reccommened to do so. There was a live jazz band and its beautiful inside! I was back in time with old southern, sohisticated and charming decor. Waiter was pleasant and was advised that we were short on time since we needed to get to our tour soon after. He had no issues with it and made some reccomendations. I had the Pecan Encrusted Baby Drum and the fish was excellent. The pecans complimented the dish very well. My husband ordered the turtle soup and it was our first time tasting it. It was good with some hot sauce added to it. I can do without it, wasn't anything spectacular. He also ordered the Louisiana Duck & Chaurice Hash, Delicious. The best part for me was their bread pudding and it was to die for! Best I've ever had! I really enjoyed the atmosphere and would recommend it.Delicious. I can't say enough about the food prepared at this place. As with most restaurants in the FQ, make reservations. And even if you arrive on time, there may still be a little bit of a wait. 
The prix fixe offers such a variety for all 3 courses. For the appetizer, the turtle soup was one of our group's favorite. The savory Gorgonzola cheesecake cannot be described. TIP: spread this on the bread they leave at the table and top with the honey pecans and green apple. This appetizer really should come with crackers or something. 
For the entrees, wow, everything was 5 star, from the pork chop to the bayoubaisse, to the shrimp and grits. If you save room for dessert, the creme brulee is so creamy and not gritty like some places. But the bread pudding...there is no equal. 
Beautiful restaurant with an interesting history. highly recommend dining here at least one while  you are in New Orleans.What a lovely evening.   Our wait staff, Jenny and Gary, were on point the whole evening.  Our water glasses were always full and the food was well paced.  We started with the crawfish and goat cheese crepes - OMG!  I swear there was a party in my mouth.  I can't recommend this appetizer highly enough.  I had the beet salad as my second course  while my spouse had the turtle soup.  Both were very very good.  For our main course I had the duck with wild rice and my spouse had the fillet.  They were both outstanding!  For desert I had the homemade sorbet sampler and my spouse had the pecan pie.  The pie was good and the sorbet was very good.  Overall a wonderful experience - highly recommend!It's rare when both my wife and I can say we ate the best of something at a restaurant. For her it was the Shrimp and Grits and for me it was the Creme Brûlée. The grits were simply heaven. The crawfish crepes and the boulabase were also great choices. I got an Old Fashioned made with my bourbon of choice to accompany my meal, but I can see how wine could be paired with the food as well.
The three course meal is a reasonable price for such high quality. 
The service at Muriel's is top notch. All the servers were quite personable and up for conversation. The ambiance is hard to beat. We thought it would be pretentious but that was far from the truth. 
After the meal ask if you can go up to to second floor to see the seance room, it is quite a treat!Best meal in NO, so far. Shrimp crepes with goat cheese were outstanding and the bread pudding is rich and sweet.Lots of New Orleans Service here!!  Wait Staff was EXEMPLARY of the Quarter!!
Beautiful decor, this is a stunning restaurant that seemed to offer the promise of the best in New Orleans. I was very hopeful that Muriel's would deliver on this promise and IT DID!!
The appetizers and food were great and fairly priced.Wonderful place in the heart of the quarter! Food, atmosphere, service and servers make your visit a special occasion and the only place to go for that special dinner!Went here one time with a large crowd. The service was amazing and it seemed like even the smaller tables were even getting the same treatment. The food was great, no complaints. Would definitely come back again.Love this place for their Jazz brunch. Very attentive service and they were happy to tell us about the haunted history behind the place too. Jazz musicians are very good and switch between rooms so you can switch between chatting and listening to some music. We had a window table so it makes for good people watching too. The brunch 3 course meal seems like a good deal. We went with the Ala-carte option though and ordered some delicious breakfast beverages. All in all a must try spot for dinner or brunch - a NoLa tradition.Muriel's is an extremely nice environment with a very beautiful dinning area.
Okay, now onto the food... WOW, best meal I've had in a while. I had a tomato that was unbelievable! And the duck was fantastic 5stars all dayHad my graduation dinner here and everything from the service to the ambience to the food was stellar! Definitely recommend!I really enjoy eating at Muriel's.  I recently took a colleague in for lunch and recommended the pork chop to him. We BOTH ordered the pork chop and it was as good as I recalled. The food is always top notch and the staff is friendly and attentive. The ambiance in the restaurant is excellent. You really get that down south feel mixed with the funky New Orleans vibe. Plus, it's hard to beat the great location right on Jackson Square. I highly recommend Muriel's for lunch or dinner.Delicious! Excellent Service!
I'm from California vising New Orleans for the week and stopped into Muriel's for dinner. Without reservation we came in right when they started seating for dinner and were seating within 2 minutes. The restaurant was beautiful.
Food - Amazing! I got the duck confit dirty rice and duck dish. It was so delicious I don't have words to explain it!. The duck was done medium and was perfectly cooked
I got the flour less cake for dessert, yum! Highly recommended. 
Drinks - Yum! Pim's cup is highly recommended. It is sweat and perfect. 
Service - This was by far the best part, better than the food for me. At the start of the meal I accidentally ordered a drink with dairy in it (My bad!) I'm allergic. I switched with someone at my table and drank their Pim's cup instead. The good service was that my waitress, who wasn't even at the table when I got my dairy filled drink, came back to ask if the butter in the dirty rice would be o.k. for me. 
This may not sound that amazing, but as someone with a lot of food allergies this is so important! I cannot count the times I have been served the wrong item after specifying that I need a substitution because of allergies. Most people don't even remember that butter is dairy! I knew at that point that the servers and other staff here really pay attention and take care of their customers, even when I forgot the mention my allergies at first!
And as a little bonus, they gave us extra bread fresh out of the oven for us to take home because my boyfriend liked it so much!Muriel's is clearly a step above others in New Orleans. The location is great, customer service is outstanding and the food (the steak and red fish, superb) was the best we have eaten while in NOLA. While there, you must ask for a tour of the upstairs (if there is t a private party, they may allow you to visit alone). Do t visit NOLA without a stop at Muriel's, you will be greatly disappointed. Great work team...we will return every time we visit NOLA.Lovely Staff - delicious food - Location with History! Come early - make reservations!We have eaten here several times for brunch, and I've had a great experience. We were here on Saturday, however, just to have a drink at the bar and the service was so poor, I had to let a manager know as well as write this review. I'm always amazed when people are rude because they're busy, isn't busy good? There were three girls behind the bar, one of them was relatively new, and the nicest of the three. The other two were visibly irritated either that they had to work or that they had customers I'm not sure which. It was so uncomfortable being there,We finally had to leave. I did let the manager at the front door no, not sure if she was interested or not.This is a very expensive restaurant.  First time for a cauliflower cream soup.  Atmosphere is very Old French Quarter. Wonderful pecan encrusted drum.  Bread pudding meh. I've had much better.So we are at Muriel's on the balcony,  they won't serve you drinks or food. So do they think we are less worthy than those who sit at bar? Why have the balcony if you intend to ignore us?What a wonderful place to have dinner in the quarter. My friends and I were in the city to celebrate a birthday and had a wonderful dinner. We had a reservation and the were seated as soon as we entered the restaurant. We all opted for the Table D'hote Menu. I had the shrimp and grits and oh my goodness was it  good. I have never been a fan of grits, but the grit cake and the perfectly cooked shrimp were delicious. The flourless chocolate cake was so good but very rich. I could only take a couple of bites,because it was a little too rich for me. The atmosphere was great and that made it an excellent place to celebrate a birthday with friends.This was phenomenal food! We had the Goat Cheese Crepes, very rich! Sauce is almost like a crawfish bisque. We had the Pork chop which was melt in your mouth perfection. A very nice smokey flavor! It comes on red beans and rice, which is very plentiful. Should almost be plated as a side dish. We also had the fish of the day , the a Yellow Fin Tuna, also melt in your mouth deliciousness! They start you off with warm bread. We talked about this meal all day! Will be going back for dessert sometime soon!Holy mother of Christmas, this place is my favorite new find in New Orleans. I went here in February of 2015 on the recommendation of a friend and I am so happy we stopped! Great food and service!
I had the BayouBaisse, the turtle soup, and the bread pudding, and damnit, I have had dreams about this meal for the last three weeks. 
The BayouBaisse was the incredible! The turtle soup was a complete dream. I cannot believe how good it was! And the bread pudding was, in a word, the best dessert I have eaten in recent memory. 
When I go back to New Orleans, this is the first place I am going to stop!I was in NOLA for a meeting and went to Muriel's for lunch with a friend. I grew up in NOLA and moved away about 15 years ago, but still come back to visit at least once per year. I had never heard of this place...I know that corner of Jackson Square well; but somehow never noticed this place. I used to make up a list of all the restaurants I wanted to try every time I come in town, and again, Muriel's was never on my list. I am SO glad that my high school friend Tanja, took me there; it was easily one of the best meals I've had in NOLA. 
     The weather was uncommonly nice and cool, and we sat downstairs with a really nice view of the Jackson Square (they had all windows/doors open that day). The decor was classy...I imagine that it would be quite romantic at night. I had the Shrimp and Goat Cheese Crepes for appetizer and it was divine. The presentation was wonderful...nice big shrimp, the sauce was delicate with hints of alcohol and butter; I was so surprised by how good it was; I could have just had a few of those for the whole meal! For the main course, I chose the Shrimp Creole which came with a salad. Both were superb. The salad was fresh with a tart dressing(Balsamic vinegar?).  I am REALLY picky when it comes to cajun food, since I grew up here and I had plenty of homemade versions of all my favorite items...I have to say that the Shrimp Creole here is about as good as the best they have out there. I tolerate more variation with shrimp creole as opposed to crawfish etouffees where I really look for a very specific taste. So Muriel's version was nice and appropriately tangy with the tomato creole sauce with plenty of good size shrimp...the rice was good too....ate it all; would have licked the plate if my friend wasn't sitting with me. For the dessert, we both had the bread pudding; I will go as far as saying that it was the best bread pudding I have ever had...(and i'm including ones from Brennan's, my other favorite restaurant here) All and all, we had a superb dining experience here; everything we tasted were above average...except for the wine I guess...the merlot by glass we had was not all that great; but I suppose you can always order a better wine by the bottle.
     After our meal, we had a little tour of the second floor (again, thanks to Tanja!) which is not to be missed. There were additional dinning rooms upstairs and there was this really cool "Seance Lounge" that you just have see to fully appreciate...their website has some pictures...dark, red, decadent, sensuous...makes one think of evil things. ;)
     Highly recommended experience, for the food and the ambiance. I shall return next time.This restaurant should have a five star rating  not only because of it's  atmosphere but because of it's cuisine and wine list! 
 We have been here 3 times  And every time it seems to get better this is a place you must visit when you come to New Orleans.I learned about this restaurant through French Quarter walking tour. At the end of the tour, Our tour guide showed us a window where we could take a peek at the ghost table in this restaurant. I thought it was creepy and exciting and decided to have dinner here. I had the drum fish and bread pudding. They were both delectable. All the flavors balance well with each other, giving an unique and amazing taste.Ashley the waitress was excellent. Everything else was terrible, especially the manager and the hostess. I don't recommend this place.In a week in New Orleans, dinner at Muriel's was the best meal that we had. Our waiter Kevin was very attentive and engaging (although his management got a little tetchy about the time he spent at our table) and the food and wine were excellent. Don't forget to ask about the resident ghost, and if you can, take a look at the seance rooms upstairs.goat cheese and crawfish crepe, ftw!! this was really good and sort of creepy with that crawfish staring back at you when they present the dish. i thoroughly enjoyed this dish. i also got a gorgonzola (to my recollection) tart, which i thought was going to have a crust but did not. it was really rich and was accompanied by apples, blackberries and a syruppy pecan concoction (very Nola) that was overly sweet. i recommend going solely for the crawfish crepe.The atmosphere is good for casual dinning. We went for our anniversary but just wanted to keep it simple. Food was great. I had the veal and my husband had fish. Both dishes presentations were very pleasing and the food was tasty. We both had an appetizer, me the goat cheese crepe and he had the shrimp remaloude( spelling) we both enjoyed those also. 
    Service was just ok. They weren't slammed and didn't know it was a special occasion for us, so I believe they were just a little slow. I certainly would go back again for the food unless I was in a hurry.Come for the food, tolerate the service.
Muriel's wasn't our first choice, but it was a convenient choice. Wanting to do a fun, french quarter brunch with the family on Sunday, we decided to trek in from Arabi to try and get a spot at Stanley's. Unfortunately, Stanley's does not take reservations and had a 2 hour wait at 1:00 for brunch. Hungry and lacking patience, we sidestepped our way over to Muriel's Jackson Square.
First, let me talk about one of the highlights of our experience. The building itself is fantastico. There are beautiful sky lights that let sunshine just pour into the restaurant. This is a plus. Unsurprisingly, the bar is in a dark, dank corner that was a high-traffic area. Meaning, if you weren't sitting down at the bar, servers were jostling their way by you every few minutes.
The wait caused us to hang out at the dark, dank, not so happy bar area.
Now, hanging out at this bar wouldn't have been so bad if the service were a little better. Ordering drinks for our group proved to be a herculean task. Both my cousin and my wife tried numerous times to get the attention of the two bartenders, one who was working quickly, the other who was working like she could care less that she was there. Time after time, the bartenders would look passed the younger, less wealthy looking women and instead, take the orders of older patrons. My cousin was even on the end of a snide comment by one of the bartenders. Eventually, we received our drinks. The verdict? Good, but not worth the wait.
By the time we got our drinks, almost 45 minutes after sitting at the bar, it was time to take our seats. At this point, the service improved marginally. Our drink guy was friendly and quick to take our drink orders. Our waitress (I'm unsure if she even bothered to introduce herself) was a bit awkward. So what saves this place? The food. The brunch food was damn good. I got the Imperial Crab as an appetizer, which had tons of crab meat and a light breading, and the shrimp and grits as my main. The crab was moist, hot, and just downright tasty. The shrimp and grits were also well above average, with the grits being some of the best grits I have ever had. My wife ordered a bacon/cheese tart type of thing that was also quite good, especially when paired with the fresh fruit. 2-star service is rescued by 4-star food. 
The service issues just got more awkward during the bill. We had split the check three ways (that is their limit), so my friend was on my tab with my wife. He put down $40 to cover his meal, and we put the rest on the credit card. Our waitress? Despite the fact that we split our check, she assumed the $40 was the tip for the entire table. We then had to awkwardly tell her that no, that was to be applied toward the bill. We tipped on the card. If I hadn't caught this snafu, we would have paid $40 more than we intended to. 
Consensus: I'd go back, but only if I was getting takeout.Delicious food with a great atmosphere. From the moment we walked thru the front door we were greeted by several friendly hosts. Service was great!!!  We all did the prefix menu, which was a good deal. I had the goat cheese and gulf shrimp appetizer, bbq shrimp entree, and the bread pudding for dessert. Best meal I had in NOLA!  Will definitely return next time in town.Everything about my experience here was amazing. We started with drinks in the bar. I had the honey child. I believe that's the name. We were then seated at our table. Our sever was just a doll! Seriously he really added yo the enjoyment of the experience. I really wish I had caught his name. We started with a dinner salad that was simple but perfect. Very nice. For our entree we had the shrimp & grits which was to die! I seriously can't stop thinking about it. For dessert our amazing server recommended upon our request the bread pudding. I ordered the creme brûlée and my bestie ordered the bread pudding. We shared both and it had me wishing I had listened to the server. Oh my wow! Great experience will always be back while in Nola.Late review. Went here with my kids for brunch during the holiday season. The food was fresh and delicious. The drinks are great. Service can be a bit slow during peak times, and expect a bit of a wait for a table. Would definitely recommend it though.All three of us had 2 dishes each and each had a bite of each other's dishes and each bite was "oh my, mmmmm!" Our servers Kerri and Haley, our bartender Laura, and our water person Alex were helpful and professional.  The ghost stories were fantastic and added to the wonderful ambience upstairs and down.My husband and I ate brunch at Muriels on Sunday, and the entire experience was perfect!   I had the squash soup and pork chop entree. My husband had the seafood gratin with gumbo, and we both had bread pudding for dessert.  The food was excellent, and service was attentive and so friendly.  The servers actually made eye contact and smiled, and made sure we had everything we wanted.  I'm sure we'll go again!I debated giving Muriel's four stars, the reason being that the food was delicious and almost completely won me over. I went to Muriel's for lunch on a Saturday after receiving a recommendation on a ghost tour to visit (for the food and the ghosts - if you go definitely check out the dining table reserved for the building's resident spirit). I was pleased with the atmosphere immediately, but then put off by how rude the woman who seated us was, who seemed to be a manager. Our waitress was equally curt and snapped at the few questions my mom and I had about the menu. She later loudly announced to a waiter standing by our table that she was tired and miserable and wanted to go home, which I understand, but don't take it out on the customers. 
So I was fairly irritated by the time the food came, and then my heart melted a little. The warm bread with herbs they served was so tasty, and their vegetarian-friendly option, the curry vegetable bowl, was amazing. I'm not even normally a big fan of curry and I loved it. Also loved the pita bread served with it, which had a salt and lime flavoring on top. 
Okay, maybe three stars is unfair. If you come across a nice waiter I'm sure your experience will be perfect. I'll change it to four.What can you say this place that hasn't already been said, seeing how it's been around forever. Food is just eclectic and well prepared. The turtle soup I highly recommend and if you have the super lucky chance of visiting during Restaurant Week, yeah that's what I said, do it. No way are you getting out of here under $50-$60 a person. Even with the high price tag it is well worth it. Fresh ingredients and very friendly and interactive staff you can't help live this place. When your done the evening is far from over take a stroll upstairs to the séance room and check out the table they have set for the in house ghost. So, you got that to look forward to... a possible ghost sighting. Eat, Drink, Tell.Bottom line the food was not up to par for the price and what you would expect. I don't know if this is really "Cajun/Creole" food... The seafood stew and the goat cheese/shrimp pancakes were so BLAND!!! and unexciting... And the escargot was overpowered by the smoked bacon.... And would it kill the wait staff to not look so forced and miserable... Our first and possibly last meal in new Orleans... Lil disappointing...The 1st time here the food was delicious, brunch not so much.  The dessert was beyond decadent.  Everything I was expectingWe had our daughter's wedding reception in the upstairs salon of this restaurant. The food was amazing and the staff was wonderful. They had a great menu to chose from and the price was just right. The location was perfect, the room was charming and inviting, and the guests raved about the food. Some of the best food the guests ever tasted! The room had access to the balcony overlooking Jackson Square to add extra charm. GREAT RECEPTION LOCATION.This place was so beautiful on the inside and the food was delicious. We went with a rather large party.
The winners were the pork chop and the Shrimp & Goat Cheese Crepes, probably to no one's surprise.
I had the soup of the day which was a coconut base and very delicious. I had the Bayoubaisse after, which was good, but not amazing. By the time the creme brulee rolled around I was stuffed!
I would love to try other items on the menu next time. The Table D'Hote Menu was definitely a bargain.We've been coming to Muriel's since it opened.  Always a great experience.  Service is good to excellent and food has never disappointed us.  Great location too with interesting ghost stories!Beat meal I had this past week in New Orleans was here! Wonderful ambiance, food was delicious and for the most part, service was outstanding.Situated just off Jackson square, Muriel's is a surprisingly relaxed and casually elegant place for brunch.  The bloody marys are great and the goat cheese crepes with shrimp and the eggs benedict are reliably tasty.  The menu isn't terribly extensive and the service can be a bit slow on busy weekends, but if you're recovering from a wild night of partying, you're okay with easier choices and a leisurely meal.Hubby and I (locals) and my mom for dinner for Reveillion (special fix price meals meant to get locals out to restaurants).  We live uptown and seldom (read: never) go to the Quarter to eat.  This was honestly one of the best meals we have ever had with some of the best service we have ever had.  Fried oyster soup was amazing, spinach salad was fabulous.  Hubbies veal was perfect.  My trout was a bit dry so I asked for a sauce to fix it and immediately got a nice bowl of lemon butter that made my fish perfect. Creme brûlée was to die for.  I am so sad I have waited 25 years to come her but it sure won't be the last.  thanks to Travis, one of the best waiters ever!We simply had drinks on the balcony, but they were superb! As was the view! Would have loved to have lunch on the balcony, but it wasn't allowed.This is just for the bread pudding.  Googled best bread pudding and this is what I found and it was yummy.  Disturbing that the manager was training their employees in spanish.  Kinda killed the atmosphere.