The atmosphere and service is great. However, N7 gives a whole new meaning to "small plates".  They are ridiculously small and way overpriced.  Also, the night we were there, they were out of half the things on the menu, and it's not much to begin with.  This was my 2nd time going there and also my last.The patio and atmosphere are the best parts but that doesn't diminish the excellent food.  If you don't know where you are going you might miss the entrance.  The fresh seafood was excellent and the canned choices were fabulous.  The wine and alcohol choices were perfect. I'd go back here again and again.Very cute hidden spot, you'd seriously never know it existed unless told about it. Once you open the wooden door that looks like someone's private backyard entrance, you enter a gorgeous little patio w/ seats & cute little building. This might be just my favorite part about the place- just atmosphere, cool spot to bring friends from out if town.
All I had was a glass of red wine, olives, & small thing of french fries. Not much on the menu if you do not eat meat, hopefully one day they add to their menu. As for price, expensive for what you are getting, but you are paying for the atmosphere...The most European dining experience in NOLA... and it's not just because of what they serve.  Americans need to learn that sometimes less is better.  The EU is full of tiny little chic places with a limited menus and seating.  Although there is a good amount of outdoor seating, the tables are standard small cafe sized.  The food selection isn't everyone's glass of champs.  I'm not going to lie and say there is something for everyone here because there is not.  I have an adventurous pallette and will try just about anything at least once.  My one complaint is that they there aren't enough wine by glass selections.  EU cafes usually have a broad selection of wines by the glass.  If you are looking for a truly different dining experience, this is the place.  I just hope it doesn't get ruined by wanna-be foodies.  N7 deserves more appreciation than that.Great new spot, amazing smoked salmon, pork dish and cheese plate. Also discovered my new fav wine, Pais de YumbelWe waited an hour to be seated, when we finally got a small corner table the scallops came out cold. There were 3 of us we ordered fries they came out fairly quickly and hot, the steak I ordered came out about 10 mins later, but then everything after that took forever, the scallops were good but cold, my husband opted to eat them, he feared it would take forever again if he sent them back. We surmised that this restaurant did not prepare for success. In the end we spent more than 3 hours there, not because we were laughing and drinking and enjoying the place, mostly just waiting. I crossed this place off my list.it gets two stars for vibe and for smelling absolutely divine. but my friends and i stood at the bar on a saturday night for a full ten minutes and weren't acknowledged by the bartender a single time. no eye contact. no "i'll be right with you." nothing. meanwhile, she refilled other bar patron's water glasses 3 times. 
perhaps the fact that the cast of chopped happened to be present had everyone flustered. but still...we were disappointed. 
if the food is half as good as it smells, then it is probably heavenly. but for a group full of former/current industry folks, the lack of attention to service turned us off. 
sorry we never got the chance to try it! super cool place.Definitely a unique experience and completely unexpected atmosphere in the Bywater. The space itself is a bit of an adventure to find as it is hidden behind a large wall with just a very small sign identifying the place as "N7" which when you open the gate you are rewarded with a very pleasant looking patio and interestingly appointed building complete with a driveway with a classic Citroen in it that transported me back to France for a moment and really gives it a great ambiance. I had expected the wine prices to be more affordable but gentrification has certainly grasped the wine list firmly here.  The canned options are interesting and probably worth sharing with some folks as an appetizer.  The cooked fresh entrees are very small portions so be prepared to do multiple courses and share food more like a tapas experience here which can add the bill up quickly when matched with the wine prices.  The only concerns I have are that the service is slow, the music was too loud and they only have one unisex bathroom for the customers so there can be a wait at times to get into the WC.  I could also do without the "Asian Fusion" dashes they add here and there to the menu but that is just my personal obsession with classic French cuisine and dislike of nouvelle cuisine.
Overall it is an interesting spot for the occasional change of pace to try something quite different from the usual NOLA fare but I probably wouldn't put it on my regular rotation due to the very small portions coupled with the higher prices that make it a poor value when compared to other similar spots more near and dear to mon coeur.We found this place via the Bon Appétit article. No phone number, no reservations taken. We just showed up on the first Saturday of Jazz Fest. The cabbie did it know it so we gave cross streets. The Restaurant called us a cab to return.
This is a delightful oasis in the middle of the Marigny of New Orleans - great ambiance. We enjoyed a balmy evening with a drink - Hendrick's, followed by romaine and boiled leek salads. Hamachi Carpaccio and Steak au Poivre next. A nice Pinot Noir from Burgundy to accompany. Macarons to finish. Excellant service. A nude chat with one of the owners. 
Hats off. A lovely evening after a great day of music.So they serve food and drinks but I'm not sure restaurant is the right category. This former used tire shop in an unfashionable neighborhood houses this, space, or spaces rather; and outdoor dining, and gardens too. More experience than dinner. 
Had two cans, a salad, some chilled asparagus and some frittes. Wine and sparkling water. We hung out in the garden after dinner for a bit before ordering an uber back to the real world. It felt great in the early evening. 
We had thought about renting bikes or walking but am glad we didn't. It was great to decompress on the short ride out and I don't think it would have been a relaxing way to start the experience. Check it out.Like eating on a movie set from a charming foreign film.  Interesting menu featuring a "can to table" section that turned out to be really charming.  Was a fun experience.Beautiful atmosphere.  Despite previous reviews, Montegut St is in fact a street and not an alley way.  It's a secluded reprieve from the noise of everyday life.  Our server was millennial sweet, kind but slightly perturbed by  my question about which sake would pair best with the salmon tartine.I was in a party of three people last night, and we had to wait 2 hours to get a table.  We got there at 6:45 and we didn't not sit down at a table until 8:45.  The food was ok, but nothing that spectacular.  I did enjoy the outside appeal of the place--including the incredibly loud train whistle every 35 minutes we were standing up waiting.I did not know what a treat I was in for when I walked through the tall, wooden fence!
This place feels like a hideaway and it is quite cozy!  Amie behind the bar was very friendly and eager to answer all our questions about this new place and the wine selection and the menu in general.  Aaron, one of the owners, felt like just another one of the regulars and was quite welcoming. 
The moment I stepped in N7, I texted a friend to say it felt like I had entered Narnia.  This place is so unique and friendly. It is going to be THE spot in a very short while!Our neighborhood has excellent options for wining and relaxing. There's the lovely Faubourg Wines on St. Claude, which is a little bit different in that it's also a wine store with incredibly priced bottles that you can drink at the bar at one of the tables (similar to Bacchanal, a little ways away). What N7 offers is a different kind of (utterly gorgeous) experience. I can't play favorites because it is right around the corner from Faubourg and hey, I drink a LOT of wine, so there's plenty of my business to go around! 
You enter through a slightly mysterious high wooden fence with a discreet little N7 sign on it. And then you enter this magical little back yard with a covered patio that leads into an equally magical little house, where the bar beckons you. Behind it, a kind bartendress who will help you pick your poison. We decided to sit outside on this perfect early spring evening, but inside is just so so divine, with little candle-lit rooms that make for the most idyllic, intimate rendezvous. 
There is table service and a nice array of wines by the bottle and glass (they were out of my favorite, Gamay, but offered up an excellent alternative, thereby introducing me to a new wine). And! If you prefer sake? They've got you covered with a good selection plus a special or two.
As for the menu, let's just say it's not my cup of tea and I'll stick to the wine (isn't that all you ever need, anyway?) There are two things a vegetarian can consume: olives and pommes frites. If you're into meats, cheeses and tinned fishies, you'll be in paradise. I'm in love with N7 but the love would be even deeper if they had just a couple other options for those of us who don't eat meat, cheese or fish.Cool vibe, good bar. Really good seafood small plates. Don't be afraid that it is hidden behind a fence, it's worth it to open the gate and find a chill oasis waiting for you.I came here with a couple of friends during a quick business trip. Because I am not too familiar with New Orleans, I thought the neighborhood/area of the restaurant's location looked a bit sketchy. Behind this closed, solid wood fence is what reviewers call "a hidden gem" - and I completely agree. 
The ambiance was quiet on a Wednesday evening. The food was extremely delicious. I definitely recommend the "can to table" items. 
PS: This restaurant doesn't have a phone line. Therefore you cannot make reservations in advance.A wonderful idea and experience. On the basis of the food, N7 deserves maybe a 2-3 star review. The experience and execution of the idea was clever, though, and I grudgingly admit that I had an amazing time.
I loved our waitress, who informed us that the raved-about hard boiled eggs, at the end of the day, are just eggs-- and that "the chickens are assholes, anyway". The wine options were top-notch and I adored my Riesling.
We sampled several of the canned foods for the novelty of it-- let's not discuss the google search later which indicated exactly how much those cans were marked up; I'll also conveniently ignore how ashamed my Asian mother would be of my heavily marked-up canned meal. We also had cooked dishes-- the duck we had was deeply underwhelming, and the vodka-infused salmon was delicious but rather forgettable.
The experience, though. You only live once, so go down that unassuming alleyway, open up that sketchy wooden door, and descend upon the fairy-lightened N7.This hidden gem lived up to all expectations. Life is about the journey and a friend and I decided to walk here from the Quarter on a recent visit. We walked for about 40 minutes, enjoying the architecture and neighborhood and then finally found this place down a little alley across the railroad tracks. You enter through a nondescript gate into a picturesque oasis. Gorgeous tunes, flickering candles, fantastic cocktails and wine and interesting food. The decor is too die for. You really feel transported. So happy to have experienced this place. And no matter how full you are...get the soy sauce creme brulee.Great food, fairly priced. 
Wine and Drink menu has great value.
You need to look for the space as it's not heavily advertised and no signage. 
Super cool date night spot. 
The Sake Cured Salmon is a must try.Very disappointing.  Especially in light of the glorious Bon Apetit review!
I would not recommend his place.  The only thing that as good was the glass of French wine I ordered.Great ambience and love their take on French delicacies.  Highly recommend the mussels, avocado salad, and a fresh Caesar salad!   Very romantic, but beware of mosquitoes if you sit outside.  Try this Bordeaux...Wonderful wine! The food is very good but definitely the price tag of a special occasion. Sweet and romantic place. Service can be so/so but I think that's because they are so busy. Natural wine!Super cute and warm!  They have an excellent wine selection. Although I wasn't looking to eat, my boyfriend insisted we tried the mussels, and they did not disappoint. Service is excellent & constantly checked up on us. It's a really fun, relaxed atmosphere, and there's plenty of room outside as well.We were very excited to go here. When you walk in it's certainly very charming with the backyard lights and they do have heat lamps in case it gets cold which were happy about since it got a little chilly last night. There are two things that we were disappointed in with the restaurant. First the service was very slow. Multiple times it took 15 to 20 minutes to get drinks. When we arrived a few of us placed 2 of us ordered to drinks while the others waited to see the wine list. 10 minutes later someone a group ordered wine and some beers. 10 minutes after that the drinks came without the first round of drinks that were ordered by the other people.  We were never brought our drinks. At one point I got up to go get my drink from the bar because it been sitting there. Also the waitresses take turns at your table so you don't have the same waitress which seems to make things difficult for the customer because they don't keep tabs on who is getting what it what time.  Also please note that your dishes do not come out at the same time. Everybody received a dinner plate at a different time. We found this odd.  We even brought over  Eric to our table to tell him that it was taking a long time to get drinks. I believe he's either the owner or the manager. That did not seem to help. Then the second thing we were disappointed in is the portion sizes. We ended up eating later because we were so hungry. I do not recommend the seared tuna because the portion size is incredibly small. We're from Chicago and understand the cost of sushi grade tuna and for $16 it should've been triple the portion. One of our guest actually combined two orders because she thought they made a mistake and gave her an appetizer portion. We later had to re-order another because of that mistake. The potato leek soup was very good and our guest enjoyed the canned seafood choices as well. The avocados salad was very tasty as well. The seating outside is a bit uncomfortable as it involves metal chairs and a bench. It adds to its charm but when six people were saying at a table and there's metal bars below the table it makes it difficult to sit at the ends. I would recommend this as a place to go out to have a good glass of wine and if you're not looking to have a lot to eat. Yes it's romantic like they say but with all the other issues didn't find it worth it.setting: magical. tastes: superlative. service: balanced perfectly (knowledge, awareness, table presence, suggestions, personalities). in a city of abundant food choices N7 stands out!From what everyone and every review says I was expecting Amazing.  I admit I'm a food snob. Grew up in NYC. Married a chef. I cook better than most restaurants. I had high hopes. The restaurant is in a funky spot. It's like eating in someone's back yard. Cool concept. We were first on line to get in and had our pick of tables. The people on line with us were RAVING about this place. Best mussels. Best everything.   So I ordered the mussels. Not the best. No flavour. Raw chopped garlic and tiny mussels. Blech. My friend had leeks which were good and fries which were good. Aoli was excellent. When I told our server I was disappointed she offered to get me something else. Really nice of her and she took the mussels off the check. I had the soft shell crab special which was fine. But I am NOT raving about the food. The service and ambiance were excellent. I've heard the tins are great but they don't make those, they import them. Ah well. Go see for yourself because everyone everywhere thinks it's the best restaurant ever. Love NOLA.Wonderful, simple French food in a beautiful setting. My wife and I shared the soup (potato leek) and a tin of mackerel with baguette and herbed butter. Then for mains she got the scallops and I the steak. We split the fries with mayo. Everything was perfectly done. The atmosphere was really nice and the server was great. Definitely will come back here again!I was intrigued by a post I had read about N 7 and wanted to try this new bistro.  I was thoroughly pleased and want to go again. It's close to where I live and quick to get to. The food is more or less small plates to be shared or not. A nice open bar. Inside dining and covered seating outside. I want to try just about every thing on the menu. I guess I will have to go back quite a few more times.Very nice dining experience! Came in Saturday night at 8pm and was told 20 min, suprised it wasn't longer, I said no problem. We got a drink at the bar and after ordering from Margo decided to stay and have dinner at the bar. The crowd was alot of fun, and all the staff was busy, but seemed genuinely happy to be there. 
We enjoyed the pork with beet sauce (beets were very mild to my pleasure), ceaser salad (fork and knife), the raw oyster special, and the steak aupiove. All were top notch to say the least. 3 drinks each and a bit over a 100 dollars. Well worth it in my eyes!Great date spot! Atmosphere is like none other in New Orleans! That have indoor and outdoor seating and they have a full bar. Don't be scared to try anything here I didn't have anything I would have disapproved. The can to table options are DELICIOUS!!! Staff was very courteous and attentive. So no pics this time I will post some on my next visit. I will be going back frequently! Go check it out you will be glad you did!After driving past twice we found this amazingly delicious hide away restaurant!!!! Fish in a can, duck, mushroom soup and bok choy very nouveau French! Superb!Everyone knows New Orleans is full of magical food. But even in this city, with its zillions of eating establishments, N7 is something completely different. The space is stunning--cozy with its wood and stained glass, in an old building which was apparently at one point a horse stable. This is just me repeating what others have already said, but it does feel like walking from our Caribbean-painted city into Europe.
Like others, I was skeptical about ordering canned seafood. First we got the (regular, fresh) clams. This was the most New Orleanian dish we had all night. Clams can be found all over the city. And they were, and usually are, incredible; cooked in their lemon garlic wine sauce and whatnot.
The canned seafood we ordered included calamari and oysters. The oysters were so ridiculously good that we ordered another round upon finishing the first. The calamari, imported from Portugal and served in a funny little box and tin can, had a completely unexpected texture. There was no sliminess to be had, nothing rubbery about the whole situation. It was sort of tender in a way that is quite hard to describe, and the taste was fantastic. Salty and rich and addictive. Same goes for the oysters--and the sauce the oysters sat in was spicy, smokey and  layered. And of course lots of fresh bread for dipping. So good.
Our server was also super cool and helpful. I'd say this is a good place for any special occasion, or if you really want to impress a date with your *unusual* taste. It is pricey, especially when viewed through an American proportion lens. But to me, it was worth it, and I already want to return.Food is 5 stars. Service is 2. 
Had to wave down the waitress/bartender every time for basic things like a spoon for soup, a discard bowl for mussels, an ice bucket for white wine. The food is fine dining, but as long as the service is absent, it's not the restaurant it could be.Excellent all around, great service, amazing place and decoration and really good food, will be back !!N7 is a unique and delicious dining experience. The service is friendly and approachable, and the canned food is comforting while the prepared dishes are mouthwatering and creative. Be open-minded about the canned food. It's high quality, and worth the money. I'm so glad a local friend of mine took me to N7. It seems to be an authentic French experience while at the same time an authentic Nola experience. I plan to make a visit to N7 a tradition when I come to NO.The owners of this place are laughing at everyone dining there. The kind of deep belly, spastic laughing where you cough up some wine through your nose. Tears running down their cheeks. It's a straight up con job. This is a restaurant meant to insult. They are serving you cans of food on a bread plate and charging $20 for it. I believed, against all indications, that there must be something special about it. Like it was a gimmick. Maybe they prepared amazing food, put it in a can, then heated it up and served it to you. Au Pied de Cochon in Montreal does a duck in a can that will actually make you weep it's so delicious. No. This is a can you that you buy at the store. Open the can, put it on a bread plate, and serve it with bread. Then they charge you an extra $2 if you ask for more bread. #foodinacanconjobMy friend and I were excited to try this place as it had received great reviews and was not astronomically priced. We got there very early to ensure we got a table. The outside garden is beautiful and the ambience and decor inside was lovely as well. 
We were seated at a cute little table in the rear room. After much discussion and deliberation we decided to share the steamed mussels, the pork katsu, and the Surumi baby eels. The mussels were incredible; I have to say, mussels have never been my favorite but these convinced me that they can indeed by delicious. The pork katsu was also good. 
The baby eels... we were not crazy about them at all. I'm glad we tried them, but the texture was not appealing in the slightest. They also were very oily, which of course was because they were canned but it was just a little bit too much for us. Also, they were pretty expensive for just a small can of eel larvae. 
In addition, the service was just ok. It took forever to flag down our waitress for more water, and then when we were ready to pay it took forever for her to notice. It's a fine line between leaving diners alone and then leaving them alone too much, and I think this crossed the line into ignoring. 
I would not go back, but overall it was a unique experience to have while we were passing through NOLA.Beautifully designed and thought out. Space is cozy. Menu is filled with deliciously, satisfying small plates and lovely wines to pair with. A place like no other.This place is super cute and the food was delicious. They paced the food a little quickly and the server seemed to get a little overwhelmed as it got busier later in the night, but I adored it overall. The garden is dreamy and enchanting, the soft shell crab over squid ink and lentils was outstanding. Can see this little gem blowing up soon.My husband and I fell in love with this place! We sat at the bar and ate. Go here! The line was out the door but it moved fast.Fantastic!  From the moment you enter the wooden gate marked only with 'N7' you know you're in for a unique experience.  The indoor / outdoor space is quirky and cool, the wine list is great and the minimal menu encourages exploration of all kinds of little bites.  Will definitely return again with my husband for a romantic evening!Lovely, romantic, unique. I feel like I've been looking for this place for a long time. 
The tinned hoods are delicious but pricey and probably not for everyone. Fresh raw oysters were amazing. Good fresh produce too. 
Such a treat.I have been to N7 on several occasions, and although the ambiance is absolutely lovely (hidden behind a fence on Montegut Street) and worth a trip in itself (perhaps for just a glass of wine or drink outside or at the bar), the service has been consistently bad and the menu, although I find it interesting, is definitely not for everyone and has gotten mixed reviews from other guests.
Pros:  
- Ambiance
- Courtyard
Cons:
- Service (has been consistently poor - slow, little to no knowledge of food/wine on menu, and bordering on rude and unprofessional)
- Cheese plate (exceptionally small portions
Neutrals:
- Menu (interesting for some, not appealing for others)
- CostQuaint, adventurous, and unlike anything you'll do (or could take someone) in a city full of one of a kind gems.  Walking into this place, you think 'of course this is in New Orleans'.  Special enough for a special dinner and reasonable enough that you could be a regular here.  No phone so no reservations.  Just go!  If you are unfamiliar with this area of town, be mindful of exactly where it is on the map as you might miss itWe went to N7 last week with expectations. The place delivers.
Walking in the large courtyard/patio at 6:00 to find another world.....quiet,clean and serene.
It was a very warm evening so we ventured into the charming jewel boxed dining room.
We were transported. The cold,briny raw oysters and a wonderful pork dish were complimented by a crisp provensal Rose'.
All in all a magical snippet of a European night in NOLA.From what everyone and every review says I was expecting Amazing.  I admit I'm a food snob. Grew up in NYC. Married a chef. I cook better than most restaurants. I had high hopes. The restaurant is in a funky spot. It's like eating in someone's back yard. Cool concept. We were first on line to get in and had our pick of tables. The people on line with us were RAVING about this place. Best mussels. Best everything.   So I ordered the mussels. Not the best. No flavour. Raw chopped garlic and tiny mussels. Blech. My friend had leeks which were good and fries which were good. Aoli was excellent. When I told our server I was disappointed she offered to get me something else. Really nice of her and she took the mussels off the check. I had the soft shell crab special which was fine. But I am NOT raving about the food. The service and ambiance were excellent. I've heard the tins are great but they don't make those, they import them. Ah well. Go see for yourself because everyone everywhere thinks it's the best restaurant ever. Love NOLA.If I ever write a memoir, I may devote an entire chapter to this restaurant. I am so enamoured with it that I lack the words to describe just how perfect it was. No fuss: most of the food is canned, the decor is simple yet elegant, the service is just right. From the Indian and Senegalese music playing to the Citroën in the yard, everything about this restaurant was charming, romantic, dreamy, and absolutely perfect.We were looking forward to trying N7, which was billed by Bon Appetite mag as an amazing hidden gem. The adventure going off the beaten path to get there was truly one of the best parts. 
The place is just perfect LOOKING. Inside and out. We were stoked to be there! Totally thought this was heaven. 
Then the parts that were NOT good started to materialize. Our server was of no help whatsoever. When choosing from the well thought out wine list, I asked if the German Riesling was dry. His meandering answer indicated that he didn't know (& didn't know it mattered.) He didn't offer to find out. I asked what was in the piedmont red blend (he didn't know but thinks he tasted it a while back and it was good). Ok, so no wine expert. 
 Then for the food: What's on the hamichi crudo, I ask? He says some kind of sauce... I'm sorry I had to then ask what's in the sauce. I was not trying to be a jerk! I just wanted to make my decision. He said it had some acidity. Maybe citrus. That was the plate description. No offer about any food suggestions. Zero enthusiasm about what he's doing. That doesn't bode well for a place like this. "Can to table" could work. Some of the food was very nice (seared tuna sashimi dish was beautiful and delicious). But with a bare bones menu you MUST have a staff willing to elaborate and know what is on the 10 plates you're selling. A little bit of "I like this stuff and what I'm selling" wouldn't hurt. Of course no explanation when plates were brought to the table either. 
Pork katsu was 50% inedible with gristle and fat, but beet sauce was good. 
We are always up for a good time when going out and not very critical. But this was disappointing as our anniversary dinner. N7 had all the (unrealized) potential in the world.This is a very interesting place. I was intrigued by the reviews I had read so was very curious. Five of us went on a Friday night around 9 pm. Parking was not too bad. The outside is very nondescript. Once inside the fence we were pleasantly surprised. Nice outside seating. We chose to sit inside. Our waitress was very attentive and explained the menu to us and told us about the specials. Water was brought to us right away and we ordered a bottle of red wine- moderately priced and good. We ordered blue point oysters on the half shell. They were nice and cold with a wonderful flavor. They serve them with a soy sauce. Other items we ordered were an eel type fish, yellowfin tuna with okra and radishes- very interesting combinations-pomme frittes, pork katsu with beet sauce (my personal favorite). I didn't think I would like the canned seafood but we thought we would give it a try. We ordered sardines from Portugal (not bad) and a lovely lobster spread that comes in a small jar. French bread slices came with this. We ordered a second bottle of wine and ordered a cheese plate for dessert. Everyone was able to take a taste of everything and you didn't get over full. It was a nice atmosphere to talk with friends. An enjoyable experience I would recommend to friends. I will return.This place is incredible for a drink and a glass of wine. Really nice atmosphere-- it feels like you are walking into someone's home.i have never eaten more delicious food. literally the best piece of fish i've ever had (cod with sweet miso and roasted carrots). also enjoyed an avocado and radish salad that was so simple and so mindblowing. lot of clientele 50+ dressed better than us, but very chill. like having the best dinner of your life in a wealthy hipster's backyardIf you've never been to N7, it might be a little inconspicuous when arriving. But once you enter you'll be pleasantly surprised. The food was outstanding, we had a great variety of menu samplings and not one disappointed.I came with friends during a work related trip to NOLA. One of my friends had read the review of N7 in Bon Appetite. I knew nothing about the restaurant. First- it isn't in the greatest part of the city, so don't get there too soon before opening. Our taxi driver would not take us to a local bar, and only left us when we promised to stand in front of the door until they opened 20 minutes later. It is very easy to miss this place- the only marker is a stenciled red "N7" on a stockade fence. 
There were many dishes that were delicious at N7. I had the potato leek soup, which was wonderful, and the steak. My friends ordered fresh oysters from the specials, which they said were very good, then ordered from their "canned' menu. This is where it turns to a bit of a rip off. You are served these selections in small cans, literally what you would buy from the market. One example I can give is the "baby eels" which my friends paid good money to eat, then we saw the same can for $5 in the Central market.  They do not have a phone so they don't take reservations. They do not have coffee- which in this day and age is unthinkable. There is indoor and outdoor seating, and the staff is very friendly. The place is cute, and has both indoor and outdoor seating. Would I come again? No. Would I recommend to friends- maybe, but the limitations of the neighborhood is a downside,Yuki and Aaron have made another great izakaya fit into this booming neighborhood.  Comfortable inside or out, you're going to taste some great small plates and witness a whole lot more.  Nice wine selection for the Japanese and French plates.  Fantastic for groups.  Plan a couple of hours to let this place soak in.  Excellent price point.Do not come with more than two people. Nothing is big enough to share with more than two people. It seems like a great tapas place. But you'll just get frustrated. Everything is delicious. But it will only get you mad. Come with someone you love. But not with your squad. Also don't bring your boyfriend who only drinks Budweiser or even Abita. He won't like the drink selection.This place is more difficult to get into than Harvard!
Make sure you email the restaurant before you come here. I had emailed them a week prior and they wouldn't take a reservation for less than 6, however they told me to email them before we arrived which i didn't do because i thought they wouldn't be checking emails at 9:30pm. I guess I was wrong and they use email to add names to their "list" here.
Since i was not on the list I waited... and waited... and waited... and waited and finally as the host/owner saw that I was waiting for over an hour he finally sat us down inside. After we sat down the service was very quick for our table and the food came out very fast. I don't know if our service was quick because the owner saw how long and patiently we waited but I saw many other customers complaining about slow food service.
The restaurant itself is very beautiful and romantic and has a very special ambience to it. The food is also truly amazing here and I might even say it was worth the ridiculous wait. We ordered the scallop ceviche (delicious) bok choy (amazing) and the katsu (yum!) and they were all fantastic. The food and drinks came to about $55 and was just filling enough for the 2 of us. Not bad for a more fine dining restaurant.
I would only return if I had a party of 6 or larger and they were able to take a reservation for us, otherwise I would not want my guests waiting for that long to eat.
I really hope this restaurant gets its reservation system figured out because it truly is a nola gem.Holy buckets. Attentive management and staff, rich and fresh food. I'm still swimming in excellent food coma. And thank you for not blinking an eye at 'the cheapest bottle of red you have.'Had the most incredible, beautiful Valentine's dinner at this new secret French spot. The entrance is impossible to find unless you know and they have no phone number. Needless to say I loved it. 
I slowed down on my reviewing because alas I am taking the bar exam in July but I just had to write one for N7 because it was that great of an experience! The food was impeccable and well-seasoned and I truly did feel like I was stepping into a cafe in the heart of Paris away from anything tourist-Y. (If it helps I am European and have also been to Paris lol) Although there were many other people there, it was a weekend, I felt like I Was alone in my own world. Beautiful experience. Thank you! Can't wait to come again after I take the bar exam! :DA magical dining experience that words and pictures don't do justice - you'll just have to eat there to understand. 
We arrived shortly after 6 p.m. and were seated at the cutest table outside with a little tea light candle in an oyster shell. Our waitress was easy to connect with and knowledgeable about each dish. 
We ordered the soup of the day (acorn squash and coconut milk), the grilled cabbage with a Rockefeller sauce (parsley, Pernod, etc.) another daily special, and the steamed mussels in a sake garlic broth. OMG, the flavors in each dish, particularly the soup and cabbage, were delicious and so satisfying. The food was clearly made with love. 
We will certainly be back soon to try everything else.Loved the food, atmosphere and service.  What a hidden gem and looking forward to future visits.A very different occasion is experiencing and writing about a newly opened business as opposed to a newly opened unique business. And the latter is precisely what I am going to review and attempt to write about here.
N7 is that unique type of place. Even the name has to be explained. First of all this new-fangled hangout is named after Route Nationale 7. The old highway that runs from Paris to the border with Italy is the name sake. My first visit had me feeling as if I was back in the French countryside stopping for refreshments on a visit to a historic place outside Paris. N7 is so much like a French Bistro in an area of the Crescent City outside the Vieux Carré or the CBD.
Located at 1117 Montegut St. on the lake side of St. Claude Ave. it is a new pleasurable out of the way enterprise in a fast growing area of the Crescent City to play. No neon or lights but a small sign at the entrance gate which is on the downtown side of Montegut St.  in the first block off St. Claude Ave. You will understand the detailed explanation of the location when you visit. Sort of like going to a Speakeasy in the days of Prohibition and so nice.
Opened Mon - Thur 6-10pm
              Fri  -  Sat   6-11pm
Parking is on the street and has not been a problem. Restrooms are clean. Lots of seating inside and outside to select for an evening of food and drink. Do take a tour of the artwork and old posters throughout the Bistro.
There is no other restaurant or bar that I have visited that comes close to my experience at N7. You can dine and drink inside among beautiful artwork, posters, and stained glass. Or you may wish in the right weather to meet and greet friends en plein air; some areas under the stars and others covered but still outside. There are so many areas to seat yourself that becomes your first decision after entering before ordering something to drink. 
Fantastic background music played at a nice level. There is also seating at a bar to enjoy if you wish. 
Limited bar now with Wines made naturally, Beer, and some very distinctive Sake. Prices are reasonable by my standard. The food is different, tasty, and this is a great place for an evening out with a guarantee of unique ambiance, along with some very good cuisine and drinks that come at a place that has you thinking you are not in New Orleans. 
Some of the selections on the ever growing menu are Scallop with Scallion Sauce, Coq au Rieslings, Pork Katsu, and Sake Cured Salmon that also is prepared with Goat Cheese and Cilantro. And in the French way dessert is a Cheese Plate. 
This is not a place with a large menu or even at this time what I will refer to as a full bar. My rating is based on some very tasty food and good and reasonably priced wine along with Sake and good music. But even above the food and drink is a distinctive place that has me eating, drinking, and carousing as if I am in a place far far away.
This place has my Seal of Approval!!!Such a cozy space to drop in for a glass of wine and some snacks. We enjoyed the mussels most of all, and also had some other little cured fish dishes, all of which were delicious! There is an extensive wine list- I opted for a glass of cava and it was delightful. Excellent food is tied together by the environment-intimate lit tables in the courtyard. Highly recommendThought we would check this new "Bywater" restaurant out. We went after some art openings on Saint Claude around 9pm on Saturday night. It was the biggest pretentious atmosphere that I have ever seen. It was like they were trying to be French A holes, but not even good at that. The restaurant was mostly 75% empty, but it was still impossible to find someone to assist us. When we did talk to the staff, they were basically telling us to F off. We were nicely dressed and were just trying to inquire about the restaurant,  but they were the biggest A holes ever. They are false posers who are trying to cash in on Bywater popularity in the worst way possible.The food exceeded expectations. I had the bok choy, the orange duck, the salmon tartine and the wagyu tataki. Everything was very good. Service and presentation were also excellent.I don't often write restaurant reviews unless I feel strongly about a place. I also don't like to share found spots as I may not be able to get a reservation!  A friend recommended this place and it was really special. I love French food and this combination of French and Japanese was spectacular. The pate, tarte, mussels and bouillabaisse were incredible. Wish I lived closer   I'd be a regular here. Can't wait to returnSecret vermouth in a secret garden, beauty to bask in and imbibe. Somehow equally great for a date or for a large group. What more could you want. Except maybe happy hour.Came here with 2 friends Friday night pretty early around 6pm.  The outside courtyard I love.  We got a table right when we walked in.  We ordered wine and we didn't like any of three that we tried, but decided the third one was the best out of all 3. We ordered the Coa au Riesling- I though it was extremely salty.  We ordered the steak and every piece was fatty and we spit it out.  The pork was cooked perfectly and tasted good.  Pomme frites with aoili the aoili was frozen.  They had votive candles on the table so we "defrosted" it.  We ordered the yellow tail carpaccio.  I wasn't a fan.  The service wasn't the best either.  I am not sure I would revisit.It took me a long time to getting around to writing this review.  I think it's because I was torn between loving this place and feeling that it was just a bit too pretentious.  After overthinking for far too long, I've come to  the conclusion that I just need to enjoy it for what I love about it, the ambience.  
Based on ambience and esthetics alone, it scores a 5.0.  It is truly a hidden Nirvana.  Stepping past the nondescript wooden gate, you almost feel like you stepped into a portal and instantly emerged having crossed the Atlantic.  It is probably the most unique eatery in all of New Orleans.  As  others have stated, it's extremely picturesque and a very romantic setting as you basically sit in a little French countryside garden complete with a European car parked right nearby.  I was taken there on  first date and it made a beautiful first impression to be sure.  I would highly recommend it as a place for a night of sipping wine and enjoying some shared bites.  (It's definitely not the place to go and enjoy a hearty meal).  It's a light bite kind of night, lol 
My date and I picked 4 items to share.  The soup of the day that evening was some sort of squash soup which I positively loved.  And I have never been able to pass up mussels on any menu, and they did not disappoint.  We also got the yellow fin tuna and the scallops.  The tuna was pretty good but I can't say the same for the scallops.  It seems they were not fresh as neither of us could take more than one bite.  
So why did I hold back from a five star rating?  There's just something about the place that comes off a little too pretentious.  The service was a little bit slow and erratic, but they do at least tell you in advance not to expect everything to come out at the same time.  There's no phone number and to my knowledge no way to make reservations you just have to show up and hope for the best.  And I've never been there in inclement weather but I wouldn't even consider going there if the weather were anything but a perfectly clear and beautiful night, because you will likely be sitting outside or at least waiting outside for a table.  
Go and enjoy a slow-paced night of sipping wine in a gorgeous setting and escape New Orleans reality for just a little bit.The steak was bonkers good. It's such a hidden gem. Bartender was playing records and making incredible cocktails. There's a large outdoor dining area. Off the beaten path gem for sure!Great ambience and love their take on French delicacies.  Highly recommend the mussels, avocado salad, and a fresh Caesar salad!  Try this Bordeaux...I am giving the restaurant a single star because I tried several times yesterday to get a reservation.  They only allow it online.  Then when you get online, after a long time of trying, you find out you have to do it through Resy.  So I go to Resy & find out that I must join that site, which I did.  Then I make the reservation for an available time 4 days later.  Then the little working sign just keeps going round and round.  It never completed the reservation, even though I tried 3 more times.  
I heard good things about this place & wanted to go.  There is no phone number to let them know there are problems with the system & no other way to make a reservation.Stepping into N7 is like being transported to a romantic scene in a French movie. The bar/main sitting area is intimate, the courtyard welcoming and perfect for a New Orleans spring evening or first date.
The bar has a list of great wines and the bartender can mix an Old Fashioned like no ones business. 
The menu focuses on small plates and their special, canned seafood which is big in France and Spain. 
We had the avocado salad, it was creamy and the wasabi added a great spicy twist. The pommes frites with aioli are thin, crispy and delicious.
On the canned food I had the mussels in escabeche which, I've been eating since I was a little fat kid along with canned octopus which I hope they add soon. The mussels were great. 
My advise to you when it comes to canned seafood is don't be afraid to alter it. Add lemon or a touch of salt or Tabasco to bring out more flavors. 
All in all big thumbs up for N7.This place is just so interesting, it's hard not to love it. We went almost as soon as we heard about it's existence (not sure why it's taken me this long to review!). I love this it's tucked away. It just seems so cozy. 
We sat in the courtyard and ordered some wine. We also got the pommes frites, habenero smoked oysters, sake cured salmon with goat cheese, and escargot tempura. We were being fairly adventurous for us. The boyfriend loved the canned oysters. It wasn't really my thing, but I "get it." My favorite was the salmon. 
The service was a little sub-par. The girl was nice, but it wasn't as sharp of customer service as you would expect form a nice restaurant. The waitress did remove a cock roach from near our table which was good (it's outside..so you can't fault the place for bugs). 
We have some friends that was to check this place out so we'll be back. There are some other things on the menu we want to give a try.My family ate at N7 last night. If you are planning to go may I recommend a hard pass. The sevice was horrible.  The food decent but not great. One of our party was not served her entree until 45 min after the rest of us were served. We sat outside in the air conditioned patio... no AC.  All this to be expected if the place was packed but we were one of a few in the place. We were hoping for a great meal. We spent 300 to sweat and wait.The overall atmosphere was extremely pleasant; however, my significant other and I were disappointed with the food. We ordered the clams and a beef dish several weeks ago. Some of the clams were warm, while some were cold and had a rubbery texture. In addition, the beef tasted as if it had been frozen before. It was an all around upsetting experience, especially considering the price point. Probably not going back and wouldn't recommend it to anyone else.What a hidden gem! Great place with amazing food and delightful staff. If you can find it will be guaranteed a night to remember. Can wait to go back.Very disappointed in this place. Food was decent but not worth the hassle of trying to get a table for the few nights we were in town. It was a busy evening but our server barely checked on us and didn't share the evenings specials, even though I heard them go over them several times with (bigger, older) tables around us. We never received one of our items that we ordered, scallop ceviche, which my girlfriend and I were looking forward to the most. I've made better Bok Choi in my own kitchen and the aioli with the fries was extremely lemon heavy. We were looking forward to a romantic evening in a cute setting but were sad to experience something different. The floor manager did remove 2 items from our bill: the scallops that we never received and Sam Pellegrino that we never ordered.Everything was delicious, though a bit light for my taste. The Duck a L'Orange was our favorite entree out of 5 diners, and the Pavlova was our top choice for dessert. Ambience was amazing.A great place to get light bites. We came here for dinner not knowing it was more of a tapas place. You have to order 4-5 plates to be satiated. 
The bread dishes are the most filling. We tried the fried escargot which is like 4-5 pieces. They have a crunchy earthy taste. I was expecting what I've had before which was a garlic butter taste. I picked the seared scallops. It's 4 scallops with a dollop of mashed potatoes. 
What stole the show was the duck pate. It brought a few slices of bread with some pickled items in the middle (the red sauce is spicy) and a small jar of tasty pate. I'm not much of a liver person but I enjoyed it. We also got the avocado salad which is around half an avocado with thinly sliced radishes with a splash of lemon.
We were still hungry and decided to get the mushroom flatbread like dish. I think it was called a tarte. It was thinner than a flatbread and had caramelized onions. 
For dessert we got the pavlova which was light and delicate. It had a cream in the middle with a sprinkle of fruit on top.
Overall The food tasted great but keep in mind the portions are very small and nothing is an entree. Everything is sold separately.Love love love this place. 
Love the ambiance, love the environment. Def like a hidden secret garden. 
The scallops were my favorite!! The garlic butter dip was addicting. Also the merengue was phenomenal! 
Will def visit again!Complete Ripoff. Restaurant it is Not! 
First of all it is located in some dark alley where you see a dimly lit wooden door with red print. It might be ok for locals but for tourists it is a very scary place to explore! 
After you find the place you imagine things to turn 180 degrees. But I am afraid things only gets worse. To be honest I enjoyed the oysters imported from British Columbia. I even enjoyed the wine. But when it came to the main course we ordered the "from the can" meals. So these items literally comes straight from the can to the table. No dressing, no preparation. Just like how we open a jar of peanut butter and spread it on toast. So these are my issues;
1. It takes 20mins at least for them to bring those items to the table. Yes, just to open the can and serve it with some bread and butter. 
2. The price is at least 3 times the cost of the jar or can. I checked the prices online for the cans and jars. https://www.despanabrandfoods.com/product-category/fish-specialties/
If they did something to the canned food I wouldn't compare the prices. But just because they served us with just the canned food with bread and butter I have no other way to compare the prices. There is no way to justify the prices. If they were around $10 range and if they were classified as appetizers i would understand. 
3. Service was atrocious. It took them 10 mins for them to give us additional bread which they charged us extra. Since when do they charge for 5 slices of bread?
I won't say I didn't like the food but I cannot justify the price I paid nor why it took them 20 mins to just open a can. 
Please if you are looking for a hidden gem this isn't it. You can spend a almost the same amount of money in flagship restaurant like Herbsaint and get better food and drastically better service.Big ol' dented can of "nope" from Portugal. If this qualifies as Bon Appetit's best new restaurant in NOLA then I need to cancel my subscription. It gets one of these stars for the ambiance. Hipster nonsense. Our server couldn't be bothered to wear deodorant much less get our order right.Had a group
Of 7 
This spot is so romantic and I wish we had one in south Florida
Great wine list, great
Staff and food was so amazing 
It was busy and we did spend a few hours before it all
Came. However the owner was so kind and treated us to a special
Dessert wine.
We had:
Smoked Salmon
Tartine
Cheeses
Charcuterie 
Cured fish 
Pate
SteakWe have been meaning to come to this place for so long after reading about it in a local magazine as a place not to miss.  It is a French restaurant located in the Bywater neighborhood. When you drive up to this restaurant, you feel like you are possibly not in the right place as you are on a quiet residential street, until you see the tiny N7 sign on a wooden gate.  When you enter, you feel like you are walking into a secret place with a quiet, quaint and romantic atmosphere. It is just such a pretty environment with indoor and outdoor seating. The outdoor seating is fine as there were heaters and it was very comfortable even with the weather being a little on the chilly side. I think this would be such a great place for a first date or even to come with a group if you wanted great conversation and superb atmosphere. We started with a glass of Beaujolais which was very good. We then had the the French onion soup which was outstanding with their bread basket. The breads were a challah, a sesame bread and a chocolate cherry(I think it was cherry) served with an ume garlic butter.  This was incredible and definitely a highlight!  My husband had the mushroom collard green soup special but he like my French onion soup better.  We also enjoyed the pommes frites with aioli. We were underwhelmed with the scallop ceviche (we found it a little bland) and the purple onion but that would never deter us from coming back. We certainly did not sample enough on the menu and I am certain there are probably other amazing things that we didn't get to try yet. We had a great waiter named Chris and overall it was an excellent experience. Definitely come and try this place. The eating environment alone is worth it. I also thought the prices were very reasonable.Very cute and ambient spot.  Great for a romantic date night - I definitely recommend going here at night time as it is tucked away and lit up by magical string lights.  It is pretty pricey for what it is. The food was good, but the portions were tiny. After we left we walked over to Hank's supermarket to get fried chicken to go because we were still hungry.  Oops?Very good vibe and food. We had a flat bread Terrine for appetizer which was excellent. The steak a poivre is very good. Service was a little slow but who' in a hurry?This place is so magical!!! Really beautiful and charming restaurant! 
The food was good, some dishes being great and others just ok. 
Would definitely recommend this place since it's beautiful and so unexpected! 
You can email them for reservations which is necessaryBad not good. Local reviewer/frequent Paris traveler here: crappy service and overpriced food. I'd rather have comfort food in Paris or Creole food here in New Orleans for a fraction of the price of this silly mess. A perfect example of style over substance.Cozy indoor outdoor restaurant off the beaten track but not so far that you can't hear the train roll by. Unique blend of Japanese and southern style cooking that you won't find anywhere else. Creative craft cocktails and campy decor make this a top notch hidden gem and a must visit every time I'm in NOLA.Amazing quality and creativity with the food. Fun decor and atmosphere. Food prices are reasonable but, drinks are a bit high. Recommend reservations.This place was amazing the fare was exceptional. Service was at par. The roasted onion was soooooo yummy. Soup was thick well seasoned and tasty. The duck confit was the best I've had in New Orleans. The atmosphere is chic and quaint. Never feeling rushed or like a table was needing to be turned. After order almost 2/3rds of the menu between the three of us. I'm happy to say this is happy find that I will be returning to for years to come. Wine selection was fun and a happy exploration for my taste buds. The only item I didn't enjoy was the ceviche scallops. The ceviche scallops had an odd flavor to them that I didn't enjoy. The cooked scallops tho were to die for!!! I'm so happy I was talked in to trying this restaurant. I opted to sit inside as it was a warm night and I'm happy I did. Shortly after sitting down it began to sprinkle. The outside is kind of covered but I'm happy I was inside to experience the gentleness that came with all the smells of the kitchen. Can't wait to return!!!What a disappointment!  I never write reviews, but after my experience (first and last) dining at N7 tonight, I felt I must.
I had arranged a reservation a month and a half in advance.  Nonetheless, my party of two was placed at a small table under a window for passing fresh drinks and garbage back and forth between the indoor dining area and the bar.  Unfazed, we sat down to enjoy a good meal, having heard the hype and read the Bon Appetit endorsement of the establishment.  
Here's the GOOD:
The cocktails were great.  The tartine of the day was wonderful.  The bok choy was lovely.  The olive dish was very nice.
Here's the BAD: 
The pommes frites revealed their burn through their bitterness.  The pork katsu was greasy, chewy, and unremarkable.  The escargots were perfectly tempura-ed, but otherwise unmemorable.
Here's the REALLY BAD:
The service was awful....  They were obviously understaffed, which generally makes me both sympathetic to the servers and extra patient.  But at our horrible table, I kept getting bumped by the servers as they went to the bar pass-thru, and my dining partner and I had difficulty with conversation because of the constant interruption.  When we finished with our meal, it was 8:00pm.  We sat there with dirty plates and empty glasses for fully 20 minutes before anyone checked on us or cleared anything.  At this point, we were asked if we wanted dessert.  I asked to see a menu so that we could make a selection.  7 more minutes passed and no menu had come.  Our waitress had passed our table eight times.  Finally, I got up to use the restroom and saw a pile of menus just around the corner.  I grabbed one myself, returned to the table, and decided I'd had enough and mostly just wanted to leave.  
I went to the restroom to find no mechanism for the toilet paper to possibly ever be distributed on a roll, with paper towels in a similar circumstance.  Perhaps this is just me, but if I'm arriving happy to pay a fine amount for a fine dinner, I have no desire to have to rip my own scratchy brown paper towels from a roll carelessly tossed on a random chair in an untidy bathroom.  Nor do I wish to stick my hand inside the same toilet paper roll that all the other diners had to grope as they used the toilet.  Again, this could not have been a fluke because there was no dispenser for either item installed in the room.  Fine.  
So, I go back to my table, where my date has told the server we will not be having dessert.  And while we're waiting for her to just bring us our check so we can get out of there, ANOTHER server bumps into me again, knocks my jacket off the back of my chair and onto the floor, catches it under his kitchen work boot, and walks quickly away, dragging it behind him.  He barely apologized for trampling my jacket, and it sustained permanent and irreparable damage.
Another 5 minutes and our check finally comes.  We scrambled to see if we had cash on us, just to allow us to leave more rapidly.  No dice.  We had to wait another 5 minutes to get the card run, and then we got out as quickly as possible, passing the hostess as we left.  She did not thank us, nor wish us a good evening or speak at all as she watched us pass her.
Conclusion:
The atmosphere might initially seem charming, but if this restaurant cannot support that environment by providing a good guest experience with even food quality, there's no reason to waste your time and money.I love this restaurant! I've been trying to get to this establishment ever since I read an article about it. They recently take reservations through the Resy app and I happily downloaded the app. Before the Resy app process, you have to email them to reserve.Service, food, drinks have been wonderful. Great menu. Salads are great. Oyster selections are wonderful. The soft shell crab was absolutely awesome as was the fresh cobia. Desserts were great. Wine selections wonderful.Visiting New Orleans from San Francisco- this restaurant is fantastic and worth every penny. Recommneded by Bon Appetit which is always trsutworthy. 
You walk into a beautiful covered patio with soft lighting and gorgeous decor. It's an old tire shop so has a chic country vibe going on. 
Our waitress was knowledgeable and friendly - she recommeneded 2 delicious bottles of sake and they also have an extensive and wonderful wine list to choose from. 
Everything we ate was fresh, inventive and so tasty. The escargot tempura and then duck paté were my favotites. 
This would be a regular spot for me if I lived in NOLA. Thanks for the great experience!Unfortunately, I was let down by the service. We went last night, a group of 4. We had a  late reservation and when we arrived it was pretty packed. We sat for 20 minutes before our server, who had been hustling and bustling around us attending to her other tables even greeted us. I waited tables ( I still work in the service industry), so I know what it's like to be slammed, and had she stopped for one sec to let us know that she'd be with us as soon as she could, none of us would have minded in the slightest. But she didn't- although she glanced our way a few times and made eye contact with me once. When she did finally greet us, we were ready to order but had a few questions. She was still busy, and kept trying to rush away from us  to "give us more time" which we didn't need, and only taking our cocktail order. Every interaction with her was rushed, she never mentioned the special or offered guidance/suggestions as far as wine pairings, or the sake menu. We had planned to have a full dinner here, but wound up only ordering a few items After she dropped the bill, she never came back. Another server took our payments and that was that. Unfortunately, this set the tone for the meal and we all left feeling pretty underwhelmed. We had planned to have a full dinner here, but wound up only ordering a few items that we were genuinely interested in trying and then heading to a favorite late night happy hour for oysters and small plates.Nope, I'm not even going to TRY to top Harry T's review, because he was probably the first person to ever set foot inside this establishment and he described the whole place perfectly and there is no way my Yelp review will ever do the place justice. I will, however, take you on a tour of my meal and hopefully it will float your boat.
It was a rainy night when I visited, but that didn't deter the crowd. For whatever reason the light was not on the front gate and I had to feel my way in. After navigating through the rainy patio, I found my way into the bar. I was told there would be a 30 minute wait, which was expected, so I sat down with my dining companion and we ordered a bottle of red. As we were eyeing the menu, two women walked in and were seated immediately in the back. Kudos to our bartender for informing the waitress that we were there first and hustling up a table for us as well.
Once seated, we knew what we wanted: pomme frites and aioli, olives, eels in olive oil, habanero oysters (my pick) and squid pâté. Needless to say, this was definitely an adventure for my taste buds. The pomme frites and aioli came out first and it was just perfect. The aioli was nice and garlicky and the frites were crispy. Yum!
Next came the tray of squid pâté, oysters and eels. You should know that all of this comes in a can- this is the European way. The tray also came with a nice amount of bread, so that you could spread the seafood on it. I started with the oysters, because that was my order. They were yummy and spicy and a had a fantastic flavor- this was probably my favorite. I had the pâté next, and although my date thought it was bland, I really liked it. It was smooth and reminded me of potted meat with a bit of a kick (That's a terrible description, but I like potted meat). Next I tried the baby eels. My date said he learned somewhere that these eels live in rice patties. Erm...okay.  Honestly, it tasted like salty noodles. If you don't think of it as being eels, you'll be fine. This was my first time eating it and I was excited to try something new, even it was a bit weird. But, then again, I like being adventurous.  Finally was the olives- salty and perfect and served in their own juice- I loved them. Be aware that they have pits, so chomp with caution.
What is better for dessert than some cheese? The cheese platter came complete with cow, sheep, and goat cheese and also with a bit of strawberry and pear all served with crispy bread. It was absolutely perfect and a great end to a fantastic meal. I got to a point where I was so full that I ditched the bread and ate the cheese straight- thank God for my fast metabolism.
Our waitress was amazing throughout the entire experience. She was extremely attentive and got us water and extra bread and butter when we asked for it and she was really sweet about making sure that we had everything else that we needed. 
The atmosphere of the place itself is pretty cozy. The dimly lit bar area and the decor make you feel like you are tucked into a European cafe. There are a few tables in the front and some tables in the back. The music is a bit loud, but not intrusive.  If you'd like, you can eat at the bar. We chose to sit at a small table in the back. (Note: it was raining the night we were here and water was leaking through the wall and puddling onto the floor. This is going to be something that has to be fixed- I'm thinking wood rot and eventually termites- it could get funky. Just a seal on the outside will fix that issue- my two cents.) The bathroom is outside on the left and around the side.
N7 is the type of place you have to go into with an open mind. Don't go here and just order meat and salad. You HAVE TO try at least one of the canned goods, or you haven't gotten the full experience. Personally, I want to go back and get the sardines, squid in ink and the meat, just to try it. Yes, I will be back!I can't do this place justice with my words. It's a completely different place than we were used to eating at and I am sad that we did not go sooner. We will have to go again soon, since we are moving away soon. Everything we had was awesome. A real hidden gem.  A and should definitely be experienced.N7 is very cute and romantic, perfect for date nights. It is a bit off the beaten path, but def worth the trip. I made reservation by emailing them few days before. 
The food was great for the price, but service is a little spotty. We had the smoked mackerel, escargot, bak choy, katsu, stewed chicken, and meringue with berries. 
The dishes are surprisingly large for tapas, I think 5 - 6 are plenty for two.So, I have been hated on by one person in particular for my tastes in canned goods. I'm not a prepper, nor do I try to integrate them in meals whenever I cook and force them on the population. I eat them often enough though, especially sardines, so I went to war at N7 for their honor. A few allies and myself marched in,  a sort of mob consumption mentality was the strategy, to win over my GF and her bias. This place became the sword in the stone, and I King Arthur. With the help of the ambiance, attentive staff, and uber, King Arthur won a great victory and will never be questioned again by his adoring queen. Our party ate well, stayed late, and left happy. Thanks N7.We came here with a group of 5 with no reservations around 9pm. There were no tables available but there was plenty of space to wait and drink while we did so. From first walking in we were blown away by how beautiful and inviting the space was. Something about eating outside in a garden just makes you feel good. Once we were seated, which was actually quite quick considering the place was packed, we checked out the menu and decided we would try everything family style. We got 1 or 2 things from each section of the menu and I highly recommend you doing the same. It was delicious and came out whenever it was ready. I didn't feel like we held back, and did have 2 bottles of wine and our total bill was still only $45 pp which I thought was extremely reasonable. The staff here were so sweet and enjoyable even after it appeared like they were wrapping up for the evening. I would highly recommend coming here and checking them out.A New Orleans hidden gem. It was truly one of the best meals I've had in the city. The ambiance is gorgeous with outdoor seating and charming lighting. The plates were small-midsize but were creative and interesting so we ordered several. The service was phenomenal. I really felt taken care of by the waiters. I can't wait for my next visit!Wow, one of the best vibes and loveliest outdoor dining spots. Few restaurants pull you into their orbit so completely. It's a party -- people are buzzing, there are dates and parties and anniversaries happening around you. It's an inspired spin on New Orleans France, more countryside picnic than white tablecloth. Get  sardines with lemon, a baguette and some butter and a glass of Beaujolais.This was a really great restaurant. The staff was really friendly and knowledgeable of all of the food. They were able to describe and recommend at least one item in each category. Be careful it's hard to find and you may walk by it like we did but once you go inside the fence it is beautiful. The inside is air conditioned. The soy sauce creme brûlée is a must try. All of the flavor of the food was on point. We did not feel rushed. I would recommend a reservation if you would like to sit inside.This place was a disappointment.  After the difficulty of making a reservation and all the hybe the restaurant got I expected an amazing experience.  Instead, the food was way too average for a foodie place like New Orleans.   
First of all they brought us warm water without ice- and that's in New Orleans heat.  We had to ask for the ice.  Then we wanted to get a sparkling wine so we explained our preferences and the waitress made a suggestion.   So we sat there and waited ... and waited... and waited...
They had already brought us an appetizer - for one of us not the other.   I had to wait for mine.   Still no wine.   Then it turned out that they don't have the wine they were gonna give us so they suggested an alternative.   And we waited some more.   They did not have that one either lol.   In 40 min when we had almost finished both appetizers they brought a sparkling that was warmer then a sparkling should be and tasted nothing like what we asked for.    So we gave it back and to their credit they did not charge us.
The food was no better.  The  smoked fish had great condiments which is a plus, but the fish itself was too fishy and I have had much better in NOLA.
The torte turned out to be a flat bread and the ingredients and taste were really nothing to write home about.
The decor was too rustic - it was like you were eating at someone's house, there was even a kid running around.   So not too romantic and the toilet was kinda not the best.   The toilet paper was standing on top of the toilet and there was no where to hang it.
Basically it was our last dinner in New Orleans and we wanted it to be perfect so we just left and went elsewhere.Really, no phone number? 
We went to have a romantic dinner for our25th Wedding Anniversary.... which I mentioned in our reservation email and we were put at a small table near the pass thru for the bar area. There was no acknowledgement of our celebration and the food, while beautiful was overly salted. For that caliber of a restaurant, everything should've been spot on. The best thing I can say is the wine list is extensive and the bread, herbed butter and olives were delicious. Our server was very good also but not as attentive as I would expect.
Maureen's iPhoneHard to find but once inside the gate, total transformation, feel you could be in a country cafe. Was skeptical about "canned seafood" but the trout pate was amazing, along with romaine salad, mangrove snapper ceviche, and a perfect Ojen cocktail!I just adore N7. After returning from a trip to Provence, N7 is the closest thing I can find to a little French cafe. I feel transported right out of the Bywater! I love the mussels (I think the menu called them moules-frites), and the toast were amazing. I like the mushroom and greyure (sp.?). Great wine list too. I can't frequent here too often as it is a bit pricey, but worth every penny if you ask me! A must try for locals and out-of-towners alike!!10/10! The outdoor seating gives you the feel of a fine dining experience while sitting in your backyard. Amazing service by our server Chris. The wine and drinks selection is extensive and delicious. The food is to die for, just get a bunch of family style share plates and kick back with a bottle of wine. The crème brûlée was wonderful to finish this meal.Favorite restaurant in NOLA. Cozy romantic lighting and ambience is a definite panty dropper. The food is amazing. Ceviche was stellar. The first was so good. This place is amazing. The staff is warm and attentive and the vibe is dope. I'm from LA and in New Orleans for a few months of work and this place and Saba are my top favorite spots.The food and venue is excellent. Love the setting of both the indoor and outdoor. The service at the bar however was subpar. We had a not so friendly server at the bar. She barely said anything to us and was barely responsive when we asked a question. Hopefully it's not a reflection of the staff at the restaurant. The hostess was great though so maybe we hit an off nightWow! N7 really gets French / Asian fusion right! I was really surprised by it too- because it's a fusion I can't say that I've ever had before.
Our server was super knowledgeable about the menu and recommended some great options. The plates are somewhat small - but the flavors are really big and memorable, so you don't feel cheated.
The décor was also very modern and un-fussy, I visited just before Christmas and the lights were so elegant and tasteful. However; I would add that the bathrooms could use a bit of attention -- but not a deal breaker.
Overall wonderful experience - I will definitely return the next time I'm in NOLA.Best meal I've had in a long time. Excellent. Cool atmosphere possibly a bit overly hip but I enjoyed it. Best for nice weather since most seats are outside.This place was recommended to me by a colleague with rave reviews.  As a professional woman of color, I immediately felt out-of-place when I walked thru the gate.  We had to ask for a server after being seated.  While the two waitress made side-eye with us the entire time, no one stopped until we asked to be served.  Our food was also on the slow track coming out compared to the guest around us (we had pan fried pork and broiled duck).  In an attempt to change my initial opinion of the place, I shared with our server that their restaurant had been recommended to us and asked for recommendations.  While explaining the menu to us , we were not told about the specials until asked.  The place seems like a cool, relaxed environment.  It just didn't welcome us to enjoy it.I went to N7 for the first time last night and absolutely loved it. The ambiance is just right. Great lighting. Great layout. Could work for a group thing and also a date thing. 
The food itself is also fantastic. We ordered a good mix of menu staples and specials, some of our first choice items were sold out (was really looking forward to the pavlova), even though we didn't always get our first choice, everything we did end up ordering was fantastic, we probably would not have ended up trying and really enjoying some of the things we ordered, if we had gotten our go-tos. 
Moral of the story, you can't go wrong here. Somehow, even the annoying train noises add to the charm. Will be back and would recommend!Incredibly beautiful spot hidden out of sight which makes the discovery ever more exciting. On opening the nondescript wooden door we knew we'd love N7 as it's the perfect outdoor restaurant, with lights, wooden tables, plants and flowers.
The service was informal and super friendly which suited the restaurant. We tried almost every dish on the menu and every single one was incredible but we especially loved the chicken and steak dishes. 
Highly Recommend!N7 was very close to our Airbnb, so we decided to check it out the evening we arrived, and sat at the bar.  We found the wine list to be extensive and sophisticated.  The service was above and beyond attentive and polite.  We enjoyed a dessert and conversation with other patrons - two Tulane University seniors.  
We returned a few days later and sat in the garden, under the oaks and the stars.  We thoroughly enjoyed the seared scallops, the Waygu beef tataki, and the traditional tarte flambé.  Ashley was our server again, she seems to always be smiling smiling and is very accommodating.  
Highly recommend!Nice space but I simply don't get the hype. It was decent food at NY prices. It really was nothing too especial but the wait staff were great. I probably would've walked away more satisfied if I we hadn't ordered from the "canned-to-table" section of the menu. We received an open can of oysters served with plain bread for $15; it was my mistake because I ordered this when I really should've asked about it first, but honestly can't believe it's on the menu.  Not only was it plain and overpriced but the I learned canned oysters are gross--oops.Not your usual restaurant experience. From the dirt road and tall fence with only a small spray-painted number, to the highly creative but not well-paced meal, we found that our own flexibility added to our enjoyment of dinner. We made reservations, which seems to be key, and we were promptly seated. We ordered a wide range of dishes, and were surprised and truly delighted by each. So the dish timing isn't traditional. We found the food to be well worth it. Creative people need some leeway. The scallops were unbelievable.This was the first time venturing into this wonderful space. The best thing was the ambience, the lights and outdoor seating was perfect. We ordered the soup of the day which was was cauliflower and curry was delightful. The pavlova was a nice treat. The French whiskey was a unique offering that we loved.First of all, its hard to find and almost seems like a speakeasy where you ender thru a side gate. The location might be described politically incorrect as the "wrong side" of St. Claude but once inside its a pretty cool place. Informal dress here is the order of the day, there is inside seating as well as a spacious patio. Its a small plate menu kind of place and pretty much everything we had (and their were four of us) was great. There is a French bias to the food along with the small plate thing so be sure to order enough food, your server (who is our case was excellent) can give you a sense of what's enough. Quality of the food was excellent and the prices for what you got I thought very reasonable.So, it's hard to find BAD food in NOLA, IMO. And the food here isn't bad. It's good. But this place is also sort of overrated. The portions are uber small, the quality is mediocre and the French onion soup is SWEET and I feel like they should warn you about that. Glad I tried it but likely won't revisit.Such a cool hidden spot!! My fiancé and I just happen to be in the area and looking for good food and drinks. The food was awesome and the wine selection was AMAZING. Definitely a place for fellow wine-os.We went here on a weeknight and had a great shared meal, 4 people.  First off the bartender made me a great St Germaine Spritzer.  The wait staff was patient with us and our confused decision making.  The notable plates were: Roasted Purple Onion, Steamed Mussels, Seared Scallops, Escargot Tempura and the bread basket with their special butter was yummy!  Things I wouldn't order again are Scallop Yuzu Ceviche and Pork Katsu.  Great ambiance, kind of a bohemian vibe!  Will definitely try to go back here the next time I'm in New Orleans.Had dinner at N7. Here's a breakdown of our experience...
PROS:
Lovely, beautiful atmosphere. 
Service was great. Our server, Samira was an absolute delight. 
Everything except the entrees was so damn good. Especially loved the pate, bread, and garlic butter!!! 
Wine bottle mark up is a very reasonable 200%. 
Soft shell crab entree was yum. 
CONS: 
Couple of Entrees missed the mark. Fish had a miso sauce on it that was so salty it was inedible. They took it off the bill. The duck was over cooked. 
It was so hot inside, we were all literally sweating. We ended up turning down dessert and coffee because of it. They've got to get a grip on this before we get into the even hotter months. 
On the charcuterie menu we got the baby octopus. It's our fault that we didn't ask how it was prepared, and assumed it would be grilled. It was out of a can. Just baby octopus in oil. 
Seating/table was VERY uncomfortable. The chairs were metal and uncomfortable. And our metal table was so low that I couldn't cross my legs. Some will think that's no big deal, but the ladies will totally get it. 
I'd absolutely go back because they're doing some things really right. I'd go back in cooler months, sit on the patio, and just do smaller plates and charcuterie board with that insanely delicious pate and bread, and wine! And i saw that there were tables that weren't so low, and they had different kinds of chairs (wicker) that looked more comfortable. I'll request those next time.Had dinner here last night and the food was mediocre to poor. Service and ambience were great, but the food was just disappointing. We shared some shishito peppers and mussels. The peppers had zero flavor, and the mussels were about the size of a dime and also lacked flavor. The mussels seemed to possibly have been undercooked. Many of the shells were still closed and took some serious prying to pop open. Could have used some cocktail forks and a spoon here, but we were left with a dinner size fork and knife. We had the duck and Wagyu beef for the main course. Both were incredibly salty. The wagyu, served at room temp, was just some tough meat. My friend commented that it looked like someone had prepared thanksgiving dinner and slapped it into a plate. If you visit, I wouldn't suggest ordering the above.Made a reservation 2 weeks before NYE.  We received An email 3 days before stating that only a NYE menu at 75.00 a person and chef had not completed menu yet! We are traveling from out of town and have dietary restrictions.  Will not recommend this restaurant and my local friends that recommend we dine there were appalled.This was a DELICIOUS time. My partner and I came here for our final night of our Halloweenaversary celebration. The food was IMPECCABLE. We had the halibut, mackerel, french onion soup, escargot, and the onion. All was DELICIOUS. I can't even begin to describe. BEAUTIFUL and romantic atmosphere and the service was outstanding. Our waitress was very well-versed in all the dishes and had an amazing personality! She was super kind and funny, making us feel very comfortable. My partner and I came up with an idiom, "When you drop the lemon" and now all of an N7 have a newfound responsibility to see what that means for them. Let us know!!!  THANKS FOR BEING AN AMAZING PLACE TO END OUR AMAZING VACATION.Beautiful ambiance and delicious food. The seating is under the trees with gorgeous lights, makes for a very romantic date spot. I would definitely go back and recommend to friends traveling to New Orleans.N7 is a great find that we have been meaning to go to for years. It is hidden down a side street and  my wife went with some friends a few months ago. They have huge wine selection, great service, cocktail menu has a little bit of everything, but the front page is mainly aperitif, large French influence. We had the drum, avocado salad and raw oysters which was a special. And we order soy sauce creams brûlée, I will let you know how it is. We finished the brûlée, enjoyed it  fire the top to order.Hidden gem! (but for real actually hidden, you enter through an inconspicuous door on Montegut St that's easy to look passed)
Location: beautiful vibes!! We dined outside in November under the romantic lights and surprisingly necessary heaters making it romantic and pleasant.
**Note: odd parking in this side of town, not a place for an after dinner stroll necessarily, but the restaurant texted us the day of with detailed instructions to find easily accessible, safe, and free parking (fenced in lot across the street instead of parking on the street)
Food: Delicious! Their menu online isn't fully representative of the menu we had in person but everything was delicious, especially the goat cheese flatbread and steamed mussels! You must save room for dessert as well, because the chocolate terrine is rich and mouth watering omg. If you're feeling adventurous try the soy sauce creme brulee, but even a little bit of soy sauce felt overpowering to me. Worth a try tho!
Drinks: they allow BYOB so we brought a case of our own wines, if you don't want to/have time for that they have a thorough wine list to choose from as well!So getting there....if you show up at a street that look like nothing good could be there, you are have found N7! Look for a fence door, and you will find behind it a hidden gem!  A place for a nice dinner party or just a romantic dinner for two, the favors of the food are impeccable. Plan on sharing...as plates are set up for such. But each flavor will not disappoint. Will definitely put this on my list of places to return!Wow I have to say. 
WOW!
I came here on a date and when you arrive to the location, because it's not on the main road, but on a side road it definitely looks very sketchy. There is no huge signs, but just a side stacked wood fence with no huge N7 signs for it. As you walk in through the hidden door the cute backyard with dim lighting and soft playing vinyl. The wait was about 45 min on a semi busy night, but the wait is worth it. 
They have a little tiki bar in the corner with oyster shells with small candles and a extensive menu for wines all over Europe and the world but heavily on the French and Italian wines. 
The food was great we had their special which was pork stuffed with duck which was funny cause she said dork and i think that's what it should be called. Duck+pork= dork.
We also had the Brussels sprouts which were a nice add on to all the meats we had. 
Wagyu tataki which was so tender and juicy.
We had the mussels which were very buttery on a large bowl
The mackerel was probably the best out of all, which was like butter and easily fell of its bones and looked very cool in presentation. 
Also raw salmon was fresh with creamy goat cheese and very crispy bread 
 We had a charcuterie board, which was perfect to start off with. 
And finally we had the poplov for the dessert which was not so sweet but very perfectly balanced. 
I recommend this a 10 specially on a date night, anniversary, or special occasion. Definitely a place to get a bottle of wine and eat good.Delicious food and a classy, elegant backyard atmosphere. Our party split dozens of dishes, but the star of the show was the boiled egg! I had this all to myself and it is just $1!
The item intrigued me, as a stand alone item on the menu, and before ordering I asked our server how it was and she said, "uh, it's an egg." They couldn't have been more wrong. 
It arrived in a classy egg cup (i felt like Rory Gilmore at Friday Night Dinner) and it was cooked to per.fec.tion! I asked if it was prepared sous vide, and to my surprise it was not. The quality of the cook was achieved solely by the raw talent and ability of the chef. 
My one nitpick was that the menu didn't specify what kind of egg it was. I regretted not thinking to ask, which was certainly my fault, but it ended up enhancing the N 7 experience. There was an added suspense while I waited for the egg. Would it be a little quail egg? Something more exotic, like a gator egg? Or intimidating like an ostrich egg? In the end it was a chicken egg. This was anticlimactic, but also a relief. Just like with mailmen, it is thrilling to see a new person in uniform come to your door. You wonder if they share a bag or if it's a standard issue satchel. But seeing your regular mailman is a quiet comfort. -it just feels like home. This egg felt like that. 
The most impressive thing about N 7, and maybe any restaurant, is the limitless potential of what it could be. Imagination is everything. You can have high high hopes for a living and frequently be disappointed, or you could just live and say, "ya know what? if a restaurant in America doesn't say what kind of egg it is, just assume it's a chicken's."
Our server wasn't very nice to us, but i'm a weird person and I have been bullied my whole life. Outdoor area and bathrooms were covid safe. The staff was good about wearing masks (didn't see the pulling masks down to talk, defeat the point, move) and hostess was super friendly. 
Try the egg. It was the best dollar I've spent in 2 years.Let's start with the beautiful ambiance. It's so romantic. We started with their habanero smoked oysters on their rustic bread. We dove into their special of the day, their seafood tower. It wasn't an exorbitant amount of food but every bite made us fall in love with seafood in general all over again. 
The chef's selection was to die for. 
The cocktails were very good. They had Old Tom gin which was delightful in my Tom Collins. 
We can't wait to go back!I rarely find a place that I'm excited to write a review about. But this place is very unique and very very good. This place is all about the food, as it should always be. They do not have a phone so you can't call for reservations, you cannot make reservations online, you have to email them.
It is also not the easiest place to find because it's in the middle of nowhere which was also a great experience. Because there was a little bit of a build up and they delivered in the end.
The food was all great oysters, French onion soup, Seafood salad, Mussels, Sea salt flourless chocolate cake, Soy sauce Creme Brulee, and the French white wine recommended to was magnificent!!!
I spoke to the owner briefly and we had a great conversation about food and arts. This was one of the best meals I've ever had, it's up there with meals in Cuba, Italy, France, Spain, Belgium.
I love this place and it's one of the reasons I want to get back to New Orleans right away. Thank you for the experience N7N7 is a popular, cool spot. I absolutely adore the atmosphere and French charm. I've sent countless people there! That's why, as usual, I was excited about having a fab experience with some foodie friends that were in town. 
Made a reservation, cuz I know the place fills up. We arrived on time, got seated, adored our obviously capable server right off the bat! Ordered tapas for the table and some excellent wine...all great! Yum!
Then we wait...wait...wait...I explain that this place is very French, no 'rush ya' out American style'! Then we finally get the opportunity to put our orders in. Waiter asks if we'd like it all to arrive about the same time or 'just for the table'. We said the same time please. He said OKAY. Yay! Good!
So...few glasses of wine later, I get mine, she gets hers, he gets his and....one of us...scallops...nothing. We wait...wait...ask server about it. He checks. Just a FEW minutes he says. We all start eating  at our mates insistence....
............We all finish our meals...........
Server walks by and asks how things are going...
We reiterate that one of us NEVER received their food (nicely)
Server says he'll check again. Uhm, We're ready for the bill! We've been here for 2 hrs.
We tell him to cancel that order. He replies in a defensive tone, This is why we recommend tapas style!! Walks away...
Oof! So...we are to blame for daring to  spend $250 and not receive our food??? Oof! NOT impressed. Kind'a embarrassed I suggested it.
Realize it's probably just a kitchen error, but, omg! Blown away...
Good food, not always great, but always good.
Service is scarily hit or miss.
Atmosphere is so spot on I can't even. I just love it!
Got a ton of $$ to spend on good food you may actually receive if you order correctly? Enjoy surly service and kick-ass atmosphere??? Got 3 hours to kill for tapas? This is your spot!Lovely as always. They are still requiring vaccinations or negative testing to enter even though the city lifted that mandate. I am relieved and happy. It contributed to a wonderful evening with friends with one less thing to worry about. The courtyard has heaters making a cold October evening very enjoyable. Food options are spectacular as always and the waitstaff was accommodating of all our questions for our gluten intolerant friend. The bar menu is nothing exciting because their focus is on wine which I always forget when so go there but the ambience is hands-down the best in the Marigny! Thanks for accommodating us as walk-insWell, that was such a surprise! What an absolute treat to discover with my daughter! We enjoyed the European feel behind the high walls among the urban bustle of the city. The food was lovely NOLA Infused French food! Get many of your expected French fare but expect a mild twist that only makes the adventure better! Lovely wines to pick from too. Make sure to get reservations a few weeks ahead or walk in  and hang out at the tiny bar while waiting.We were so excited to dine here and we're fortunate to grab a last minute dinner reservation. The space was gorgeous and we were in love with the ambiance. Unfortunately our server must have had too many tables because our service was just a bit off. The dishes we ordered were fine to great, but we felt like we weren't important to the servers which downgraded our evening sadly. Our biggest course came 20 minutes after our other dishes... we expressed disappointment and after our check came our servers manager came to express his condolences and offer a complimentary dessert, but we just wanted reasonable service. The food was good to great, the ambiance was great, but we'd hesitate to recommend because of the poor service, sadly. Wanted to love it, but just a bit offThis was a cute little gem we discovered after getting a Lyft to Morrow's, down the road, but they had a 2 hour wait, so we got another Lyft and asked our Lyft driver where to go and she said she knew of a new place we might like and that she had dropped a few people off at this location that night. It's tucked away but there is a lady waiting at the gate to let you in (We would have been lost without her). You walk straight back to the hostess stand and scan a QR code for the menu. Beautiful,charming little court yard. We had the BBQ Gulf shrimp with polenta cake. It was so delicious! I had the Kasteel blonde and my bf had the Tokyo Black(porter). Both were good. I do wish they had a physical menu. We only brought one phone with us that night so we had to share and its 21 pages long (majority of the menu is drinks).It's been 4 days since I've visited and dined at N7 - let's just say I'm still dreaming about the Pavlova (dessert of a delicate meringue cookie intertwined with whipped cream and seasonal fruits) . I fell in love with the aesthetics as soon as we stepped in. It truly transported me to a quaint countryside inn somewhere in France. The outdoor area was just so delightful, if you get lucky enough, with a cool evening breeze. The indoor dining area was even more so quaint, cozy and romantic. Please bring someone who you appreciate and appreciates you back. IN7 sets the tone for an amazing connection. 
The food is exquisite, the tile fish (locally harvested) was so delicate yet robust in flavors. The duck a lòrange was prepared perfectly. The highlight for me is definitely the pavlova- do not miss out on it. 
A few tips for reserving - 1) it's a must! Especially if you are visiting from out of town. Unless you can snag a local - who will be your pass for walk-in dining. Locals have privileges. 2) you have the option of dining in or out- check the forecast and go from there - if you have reservations for outdoors and it rains , NoLa weather is unpredictable too, you're out of luck. They can't sit you inside, chances are-it will be fully booked.  Reserve wisely- order blindly , everything on the menu is magnefique!The place is super cute and romantic, but the food was nothing but mediocre, we ordered and tried many different dishes and still nothing was really good. We are really picky and still the food was missing something we got the avocado salad, the fries, the mussels , beef t., and others two dishes that I can't even remember, the only good part was the wine and the pavlova but paying over $255 for a meh food is not happening again as we are never going back.Couldn't believe the level of service we received at this restaurant. The hostess was rude right off the bat. It took far too long for our server to acknowledge us, and then it took her 30 minutes to bring us our drinks and to come back for our dinner order. I noticed her circling around to other tables but it felt like she was intentionally ignoring our group, for what reason I'm unsure. We were there for two hours in which we ordered one round of drinks and only a few food items. I just couldn't believe the level of attention the server gave us. The food was decent but truthfully the atmosphere/energy of the staff and the lack of hustle ruined it for me. I have worked in fine dining for years and was shocked at the lack of hustle from the staff at a place like this. Needless to say, I will not be returning to N7.This meal left me straight out angry. I had been to N7 once before and thought it mediocre but the setting is gorgeous and people love it so was happy to give it another try. Today is 110 degrees so we booked the dining room. I swear, the dining room was hotter than it was outside. I get it, it's New Orleans, you can't count on AC but turn on a goddamned fan. I was dripping sweat. Everyone was. 
Our waiter was a straight up jerk. I started to count how many times he rolled his eyes at me and huffed off (asking for ice, a cocktail off menu). But then the food was AWFUL. Like, inedible. We got a hamachi sashimi that was so fishy we couldn't eat it. Oh and jerk waiter was not having that at all, mansplaining how I don't understand fish. Everything else was almost as bad (how can a bread basket be bad? Apparently it can be). The heirloom salad was one cut up tomato - that's it - for $9. We immediately made a plan to cut our losses and go to Dat Dog and were straight up with the waiter to close us out (man, I'm just melting in here) and he did not like that one bit. Nope, I'm just an unreasonable Karen who needs Suck it up and eat bad fish, apparently.
Hey owners/managers: there are a lot of reviews that comment on bad service. Seems like something that needs to be addressed. Food could have been a bad night but no excuse for that crappy attitude.I've wanted to go here for ages and finally went for my birthday dinner this year. Walking in was like walking into a different city entirely! We sat in the beautiful garden. I was wearing heels and felt a bit silly- I'd say it's more of a dressy casual vibe, plus there was a bit of gravel to walk through sooo I don't recommend dressing to the nines!!
To start- the drinks! The cocktail menu was a bit confusing, I ordered the Aperol Spritz as it was the only one I recognized, but they made my friend/birthday twin an old fashioned that was good as well. I should've just gone off menu as well, although the spritz was nice, mild, and garnished with an olive (?!) They also made us excellent espresso martinis with dessert. I had their cava with dinner, and my friend had red wine. Both were reasonably priced.
Now the food!! The escargot tempura blew. my. mind. I wish I had ordered two. Didn't love the fried cauliflower, but my friend did. The bread basket had 3 different types of interesting breads- all nice to dip in the cold creamy soup. Their Cesar salad was excellent & surprisingly easy to share because of how they plated it. I got the fish entree and enjoyed it. We managed to save room for dessert and got the highly recommended soy sauce creme brulee!! The soy sauce flavor is mild but adds a lot.
So, drinks/atmosphere/dinner are GREAT. I would give N7 5 stars no question except our service was just "okay." Our server paid more attention to other tables, and was slow in getting to us. There was also no mention of what we were celebrating even though there was a "birthday" option when making the reservation. Luckily the runner/busser in our section was very attentive and awesome! She brought me soda water when I spilled something on my clothes, and brought us two candles for dessert upon request. I'll go back for an occasion or big date night, for sure!Sadly, this was the most disappointing meal of our entire trip. The atmosphere is killer but we were seated at the furthest table to the back so we weren't where we could really enjoy the vibe. The flies at our table were out of control. The server even mentioned that the flies were only bad around our table. 
We started with an order of the frites. The sauce they were served with tasted like mayonnaise and they don't have ketchup. The fries were also lacking seasoning. The fried cauliflower was amazing, highly suggest getting them if you end up here. The bbq shrimp were okay, also majorly lacking seasoning though. I didn't like the polenta they were served with but I suppose that's an acquired taste. The salmon tartine was tasty. 
For the large plates, our table shared the steak dish and the chicken dish. The steak was very chewy and the mashed potatoes tasted like they were out of a box or pouch, yuk. The chicken dish was strange. The meat was "fall off the bone" so it was cooked well but it was served in a broth with carrots. Almost like chicken noodle soup without the noodles. I don't know, it's just something nobody at our table enjoyed. 
We ordered martinis and saw that they charge $15 a piece, that's a bit pricy in my opinion. The server was very sweet, friendly and helpful but for the prices they charge and the quality (lack there of) of the food, I will definitely not return to this restaurant.We were pleasantly surprised with N7 (Look closely for a 12" sign on a wood fence or you'll end up in the garage, next door). They have some nice specials and some nice French wine (Gigondas at a great price). Tempura fried squash blossoms were very good as was the duck special. Small plates similar to Bayona's but not as impressive. Nice chocolate tart dessert. Pleasant dining area under some plants and stars. Small interior dining area. We will be back.So my boyfriend and I came here because of a yelp recommendation! This place is amazing and the atmosphere was so perfect. It is fenced in so the outside world of New Orleans is basically non-existent. We had the onion tapenade, pomme frites, steak au povire, and duck l'orange (forgive my spelling). The steak and duck was perfectly cooked and seasoned. And the topping for the onion was delicious. We also ordered 3 desserts. The pavlova, creme brûlée, and apple tart. The creme brûlée included white soy sauce, and I recommend for folks who do not like very sweet desserts. The pavlova was my favorite. Light and sweet with fruits and whipped topping. The service was exceptional and they get a bonus for lighting citronella for the patio. Kept all the mosquitoes away! 5 out of 5. You need to try this place.Do not eat here! I tried to get a reservation online and they were booked. However, the restaurant's website said that walk ins were welcome. I wanted to call ahead and see the wait time but there is no phone number to be found online. I walked in at 7:00 PM and was put on the waitlist as a party of 3. The hostess told us that it should be around 30 minutes and we could grab a drink at the bar. This is all the while there are 3 empty tables and a large banquet table COMPLETELY OPEN. That was totally fine with us! We ordered a drink and the waitress asked us to pay the bill before we had even received our cocktails. That was the first upsetting thing. Fast forward 45 minutes and we still aren't sat and the same tables that were empty when we walked in are STILL EMPTY. We ask the hostess why she hasn't sat anyone and told us there was a wave of people coming in at 8:00. All I could think is that I would have been done with dinner by then if she has sat us when we arrived. We waited another 15 minutes until after 8:00 and there were still open tables. We asked if we would be sat soon and she said she needed another 15-30 minutes. That's when we decided to leave. If you want kind, appreciative, attentive service this is NOT the restaurant for you.What a beautiful outdoor restaurant! Do not be put off by the street construction and general disarray outside of the restaurant because once you open the little N7 door you will be entering a beautiful, peaceful oasis. Plenty of heat lamps to keep everyone toasty as well. Delicious cocktails and food and service. Kim Chin tomatoes! Amazing! lovely service by Olivier! We will be backSo romantic! More food than we planned to eat, but everything sounded so delicious! Felt like I was touring Provence and stumbled upon a real find!It's not the bomb they'll drop on Berlin
Or a secret study where they torture twins
Or an apartment address in a communist strip
Or the square on the board where you sunk my ship
It's not a vitamin they just discovered
It's a place off St. Claude for Tinder lovers
It's a place to have mussels and fancy wine
It's a hidden place to drink and dine
Where you google the menu and mumble the words
Where braless servers serve pommes de herbs
Its beautiful courtyard, flowered and flamed
Its a French restaurant that's poorly namedWe came by here with a large party and had a wonderful large table outside. There were about 15 of us. The menu was pre-fix where it was served family style. The service was spotty, it was hard to get water brought, wine needed to be asked for multiple times. The manager nad owner were even chipping in to help. I know the kitchen is small, but we waited 30-45 minutes for some courses to come out. The dinner took at least 4 hours and it was a bit long in general. I love the space, but the food was just so-so and the service/execution was not very good.Food was "ok" ... not sure it lives up to
The hype... but that aside... the reason for the 3 star review is largely the service. The hipsters really seem to want you to work for their approval to get any attention... could have just been the night... but it was really off putting.Sub par food. Escargot was barely noticed on the plate. The fresh catch fish was so fishy it was not edible. I didn't complain about the fish but it was evident it was left on my plate and I did not eat it. The server did not ask a thing. Just may I clear your plate.  I think one of the managers saw me smelling it and he and another employee chuckled as they stared. The drinks are off. The wine is very pricey and had a rancid taste. The server acted like she didn't know what she doing. This was the second try because I live in the hood and like to support local business. It's a very trendy overpriced venue. And who's ever in charge can't be bothered to provide good service and food because he's made a name for himself already. This will catch up to you in New Orleans though. But I have a feeling they're able to remove all their bad reviews. Too many good restaurants. Brigston's uptown has much superior quisine. It does not have the ambience of the courtyard. But you will experience quality French food and not leave feeling hungry and cheated.N7's name and odd location that is hard to identify walks the line between quirky and pretension. Once inside the charming, low key space of cobbled courtyards and rooms sways to the homey but with high end food offerings that lean country French.I adore this place. The ambiance puts you at some mountain resort in the south of France. The servers are lovely. They know everything about every bottle of wine and there's something suitable for every budget. The bread is homemade and fantastic. The sardines made in house are a must. I love the cheese plate, especially the sheeps milk cheese they have. And because I'm weird, my favorite are the hard boiled eggs that come from the chickens in their back yard. I want to have a standing reservation here every Friday - that's how much I love this place. I guess it's a bit of a splurge but if you're living your best life, it's worth every penny.Dining at N7 is an amazing experience - it feels REALLY special. When you walk in you feel like you were transported to another world. For that reason I really loved this experience. 
On the flip side, however, the food just didn't live up. Looking at the menu, my boyfriend and I were excited - it reminded us of our favorite restaurant in Texas - uchi. There were weird pairings we'd never seen before and innovative ways of preparing food like "sake cured" - but unfortunately, everything was just O.K. The wine was phenomenal - but I think my favorite bite outside of the wine was one of the cheeses on the dessert cheeseboard. I don't know that we'd need to go back - but it's possible we just ordered wrong! We had: sashito peppers, steamed mussels, cheese board, tofu, tuna sashimi, and soy sauce creme brûlée.We discovered N7 several years ago the night before our wedding and were enchanted. So romantic! We had a charming server who chatted with us off and on about the intriguing menu. The atmosphere was relaxed but also slyly chic and sophisticated. Just a picture perfect evening. 
So feeling sentimental, we decided to travel back to New Orleans and celebrate our wedding anniversary there this year. 
Maybe they were having an off night or maybe the past year has taken its toll but...oh dear. The worst part of the evening wasn't really their fault. Looks like the drunk squealing bar crawl crowd has discovered this hidden gem and mistaken it for Bourbon Street. Also, our poor server was apparently kidnapped midway through our meal. Maybe it was the deafening din at the next table but the food wasn't as stellar as we remembered either. 
So will we be back? Maybe once just to see whether the magic is still there somewhere. But this is not a good gamble for a special occasion. Stick to the old guard of the city for your wedding anniversary. Drop by N7 for a glass of wine from their remarkable list and order one of their innovative and usually good small plates. Then see what happens. If you scored a quiet romantic table nowhere near drunken revelers and your waiter that night seems to actually care, maybe settle in and have dinner. Don't count on anything too much. It's an adventure.Wonderful food, service & atmosphere!!  We enjoyed an octopus charcuterie as an appetizer and shared the house special for the night.  We enjoyed a great French wine and had the ability to enjoy our conversation without being overwhelmed by a noisy atmosphere.I enjoyed my experience at N 7, although I didn't love everything we ordered.
We got the seared scallops, one of the specials, which was a shrimp mousse stuffed/injected (can't remember which) rabbit, the spiced mackerel pate, and the cheese plate.
The scallops were good. I wasn't blown away, but they were done well and I thought that the portion was quite generous. I was quite excited about the rabbit, but that one was a little disappointing. I couldn't really taste the shrimp mousse all that distinctly, and the rabbit tasted a bit too gamey. Still mad respect cuz the only way I know how to cook rabbit is slow-cook it. But I do kind of wish we would've gotten Duck L'Orange or another canned item instead. Speaking of the Can to Table selection, L and I both wanted to try the spiced mackerel pate and OMG was it a great choice. I was in love. I tried to eat every little bit of the pate and not leave anything in the can. The cheese plate was nice and the fruit was a nice touch, but I prefer cheese plates with pickles. 
We liked our server but there were a couple of things. We had to remind her about the mackerel pate, and when we asked if they could give us some more crostini, it was not communicated that we would be charged $2. Minor things, but definitely areas for improvement.
I will be back though.Where to start . My secon visit there and this time it was on 31st night . I am really happy I made the reservations . Though had to go at 5.15 but it was ok . They sat us on covered patio so when it rained it was amazing to sit inside safe and enjoy the food drinks and rain together . They had a 75$ pre fixed menu and I enjoyed the stuffed quail as man dish . They have a huge selection of wine and drinks and you can choose whatever you want . The cocktails are yummy and scotch lovers like me had so much to choose :).
If you go to New Orleans try this place . You will be very happy .This place is fantastic! You enter through what feels like a funky wooden secret door off a road that feels more like an alley and then find yourself in a funky magical setting! It's both garden-like and filled with fun surprises. The food was to die for. Our selections included duck galantine, a lovely eggplant dish, smoked mackerel, mussels and a true mind blower--a soy-topped crème brulee. I realize this sounds probably awful--which is why we decided to chance it. Our meal overall was so fabulous that we figured this would have to be an incredible surprise. Was! Was one of the most amazing things I have ever put in my mouth. Sheer genius of whoever came up with this unique and flavorful concoction. The service was incredible too. We seemed to have a rotating group--all as nice, cheerful and helpful as could be--and meant we got our needs addressed without much waiting. Fabulous find!Heaven...simply heaven. Pomme frites with lemon aioli are your first priority.  From the grilled sardines with preserved lemon to the seared  scalkops  and  right down to the salted caramel macarons and American coffee...it was wonderful.   Tried the soy sauce creme bruleé.  It was an arm wrestle between savory & sweet that savory won.  Texture was on point but just didn't work for me. The patio in August was great.  I expected it to be sweltering but it was perfect.  Cool vibe, great rhythym between the staff and kitchen.  Service was on point & quick.  If in NOLA, it's a must!Lovely restaurant with beautiful outdoor seating. I love how hidden this place was - we went for dinner and could barely find it! This is a gem of a restaurant. The food was delicious, but the ambience is what really made it a great experience.This restaurant transports one to the French countryside. Their canned goods are excellent but it is the traditional dishes and the ambiance that cinches the deal!N7 was a huge disappointment! Although the setting is lovely and a very hipster crowd, we found the food not up to the caliber of this city. In addition, the service was quite pretentious.  I am shocked that Bon Appetite raved so highly of this restaurant.Visited with my fiancé for the first time to celebrate our engagement and it was phenomenal. Our waiter and all staff were kind, professional, knowledgeable, and quick. We had the fried cauliflower recommended by our waiter. Neither my fiancé or I like cauliflower, but we trusted our waiter and he didn't do us wrong! It was delicious. Then we had the steak and potatoes. We almost licked the plate, it was that good. Then, we followed up with the market fish over a pesto sauce and side salad. Very good! Steak and potatoes were our favorite. We will for sure be coming back! P.s. Our waiter was from France which made our experience even more special.Beautiful atmosphere and wonderful food. I haven't been here for a few years so I was pleasantly surprised that the menu has been upgraded with some pretty substantial entrees and lovely desserts. We sat outside and were comfortable even in the warmer weather due to the well-placed fan. It felt like a lovely evening with friends in a small French courtyard restaurant. The service was well-timed to be attentive but not bothersome. I enjoyed everything. *COVID protocols were followed for entry and maintained by the staff who wore masks. We left pretty late in the evening and the security guard was even nice enough to walk us to our vehicles.Shari V got wind of N7 via Bon Appetit.  She was pumped and asked me to make it happen.  Easy enough.  They don't take reservations, so the strategy was show up really early.  We showed up 10 minutes before they opened, and we were not the only ones with this idea.  10 people were already lined up.  Great minds...more like neurotic people who like to eat early.
Our service was spotty.  We had 2 waitresses checking in on us.  But for whatever reason, neither were to be found when really needed.  Had to flag someone down to get another water for the table.  Also, we were short some silverware twice after courses were cleared.  They weren't terrible , but there was plenty of room for improvement.
Our food:
Romaine Lettuce: loved it.  Great dressing.  Hearty leaf.  No problem for a heavy dressing.  5/5.  A must for Caesar lovers.
Soup - creamy corn or whatever du jour.  Shari V ate half and then tried to give it to me.  2/5.
Steamed mussels - really tasty.  Excellent sauce.  Mussels were small but tasty.
Soft shelled crab - never showed up.  Whammy
Duck a l'orange - I love duck.  This was ok.  3/5.  Cooked to perfection, but over salted.  I rarely complain about too much salt, but this was overdone IMHO.
They have a Can-To-Table section which I couldn't wait to try.  We had the spiced calamari.  It's high end canned seafood, which is a thing so says an NPR segment.  I am not a fan, but it's cool.  You should definitely try even though it's not for everyone.
The place is great.  Fantastic courtyard.  The restaurant has lots of little quirky things going on.  Atmosphere is casual.  I think this place would be a perfect date spot. 
Overall, we won't repeat anytime soon.  The place is good, but not excellent.  They had a few nice dishes, but missed the boat on some others.  As for the waitstaff, I prefer competent and attentive over friendly.
Shari V Quote:  "They are trying to hard not to try hard. It's not going to kill anyone if they try just a little harder."Delightful.  Amazing food.  Phenomenal  wines.  Cocktails looked wonderful. Everything is small plates to share.  All good.  Some other worldly tasty.  Foie Gras three ways special was excellent.  The macaron was an interesting idea but not quite spot on.  The other two preparations were divine.  Scallops were beautiful.  Came with mashed potatoes that didn't seem to pair with them but they were great on their own.  Equal parts butter and  potato.  Veggies tasty.  Heavenly aioli with the very crispy frites.  Short rib falling apart delicious.  Soy creme brûlée  grew on me but I still think I prefer  my brûlée's unadorned.  Wine selection was out of this world.  All off the beaten path but very very tasty.  My only regret was that we didn't have more people so we could have tried more dishes.I can see where the mixed reviews come from for this place.  It's the type of set up you either love it  or hate.  It's a small little, mainly open air tavern in a residential  area of NOLA.  No big tourist attractions here.  The menu is small and is mainly small plates that are meant to be shared.  You're not getting a steak dinner here.  The wine list is nice, but not overly extensive.  Ask your server for suggestions.  We ordered a wine off the menu, but our server said that there was an off menu wine they had just got in that we might like better for the same price.  We really enjoyed the wine she brought us.  Food was really good.  Innovative, fresh and nicely plated.  We enough all the dishes we tried.  Even the canned scallops.  Eating canned seafood was and interesting experience.  Definitely not Chicken of the sea!  We loved the atmosphere, ambiance and overall experience.  The food was great, the wine good and the service on point.  Definitely looking forward to our next visitBest little hidden gem in the city. Very romantic date night spot. Food is amazing and wine is delicious. The prices are reasonable too.We had a spectacular meal at N7. Best restaurant and dining experience in a while! The cauliflower, mussels, steak, and creme brûlée were absolutely delicious. Would highly recommend to anyone. Enjoy!The food was pretty good. I heard that they had small portions so I checked Yelp to help me decide what I wanted to eat. I ordered the scallops most Yelp photos showed 4 scallops. It was under the large plate section of the menu so I figured I would be safe. When I got my scallops there were only two. They were a decent size though, but overall pretty flavorless. Wine was great and dessert was awesome. The wait staff seemed a little disorganized and not super friendly. Overall a good experience, but not one I think I will partake in again.We got our BA Hot10 issue in today. I read the number 1 restaurant and then went hunting for the New Orleans restaurant. There it was. N7. A hidden gem in the Bywater that BA described as "the most romantic French restaurant in the world." Awesome, because I don't have a passport. 
I pleaded my case in the car to husband and a houseguest from Oshkosh. 
Plea to husband: we won't be able to get in past today. Plea to houseguest: you live in Wisconsin. This is big time eats. 
They both agreed and we headed to the Bywater in search of the gate with the N7 stencil. Found it. Parked. Stepped in to a frigging wonderland. 
Clearly we beat the crowd. Got a table without a reservation on a Saturday night in about 5 minutes. We ordered a bottle of the Malbec and were thrilled - my husband is a wine guy and generally picks a list APART. Not here. And the natural wines were a treat. (In all fairness, I like bubbly so I didn't love this as much as I did the sparkling rosè but that's just me. The table as a whole LOVED IT.) We ordered an assortment of plates and watched the food roll in. Lobster rillette. Romaine with anchovy dressing. Pomme frites - whoops. They were out. Raw oysters tonight were Bluepoints from NJ. Why any local place would serve anything but a Gulf oyster puzzles me but they were delicious. Our WI guest, unfamiliar with raw oysters and seafood in general, slurped these down like nobody's business. Then there was escargot tempura. And sardines in lemon and herbs, cut like sushi and ready to be DEVOURED. We did not disappoint. Two of us had hard boiled eggs and, listen.  $1 for a hard boiled egg may seem silly BUT that was the best hard boiled egg of my life. Like many new fancy joints around town, they haven't learned to put rice in the salt shaker so that was a bit of a struggle - but only with the eggs. We ordered macarons for dessert but they were out of those as well. We asked the waitress to run the bill so we could make it to Sucre and she said "our macarons are better." But putting something non-existent up against something tangible is a little absurd, right? 
It's worth noting that every person in this place was lovely and totally gracious when told congratulations for making THE LIST. But the bartender mentioned that they were told that the list would come out in November so the owner was currently in Japan. And the menus had a note attached that said they were closing for summer vacation from August 21 to the 31st. I'm totally hopeful that this closure builds tension for this delightful place and that they don't lose the momentum of the BA Hot 10. The atmosphere was delightful and the menu was incredible. Service was great and prices were super - 3 of us ate and drank like kings for $115. I'd love to go again and sit outside and have more bubbles and some frites, if available. Best of luck to this unique player on the sometimes repetitive New Orleans food scene.Our Lyft ride has come to a stop on a mud puddled side street in front of a stark wood fence.  Happily there is to one side of what appears to be a gate door the painted "N7" we've seen pics of. There  is a single young woman standing there who tells us the gate is locked.  Within a minute though the gate clicks open and we enter.  We choose to sit inside at a table by the remarkably picturesque bar.  In the blink of an eye we are transported to a village cafe in the countryside of France.  The  ambiance is so remarkably cool.
We began with a couple of different Campari based appertifs.  Each very nicely poured.  A+
Next in line is the butternut squash with ginger soup.  This is nothing like what we do at home with butternut squash soup.  It is thin with a lovely ginger enhanced flavor.  Very, very good!  You haveta try this!
We ordered the mussels and the duck confit over risotto with mushrooms. I wasn't paying attention and thought the mussels were an app.
Hence both dishes came out together.  There were enough mussels to feed the entire French Army.  The mussels are done here in a white wine cream sauce and the flavor enhancements in the sauce are heavenly.
The duck confit was was likewise wonderfully prepared.  Silky tender dark meat beneath a melt in your mouth crispy skin. The risotto with mushrooms is the perfect compliment. Creamy risotto and I think a medly of various mushrooms.  
Our server recommended the perfect and very affordable wine to accompany these two disparate dishes.
We both agree that this is one of the most all around enjoyable dining experiences in a good while.  This will be a regular NOLA  destination for us.N7 was good but not great, it has a nice ambiance but the food was just ok. It was hard to get a reservation and they don't have a phone which is an odd business move in my opinion.  
What we ordered: 
-shishito peppers: they were really good and a great start to the meal 
-smoked mackerel: I was excited about this but I wish that the fish was de-boned, it was hard to enjoy the actual fish with so many bones, I know some like this but personally I would've liked the board a lot better if it was served without 
-beef tataki: I really enjoyed this dish! It was beautifully plated and tasty. It was served cold but it was refreshing on a warm summer night 
-Duck a l'orange: this dish was good but could've been more flavorful.My husband and I, on a suggestion from a local, ditched our reservations  at Commander's Palace, and chose to celebrate our joint 50th birthdays and our wedding anniversary Sitting in the mud in some backwater. $16 for wafer thin hamachi indiscernible from the radishes thrown on the plate. Presentation mirrored a pollack and did I mention it was our birthday and wedding anniversary ... they didn't care either and practically slammed the barn door on us while we hailed a taxi back to the quarter standing in the street.Sounds weird but their soy sauce creme brûlée is amazing!!!! MUST TRY! 
Very cute spot unique menu and great environmentAmazing ambience, delicious food, outstanding service. Paul C. was wonderful, very attentive and knowledgeable.This is a great little hidden gem in New Orleans in a residential area behind a very discretely marked wooden door.
These are small plates which are meant to be shared. Somehow though, I managed to eat all the delicious food myself.
The Tempura escargot is good idea, though it could use just a touch of salt I think.
The sake cured salmon tartine was amazing, as was the tomato confit tartine.
I had a glass of Côtes du Rhône which was also good. The wine selection is perfectly sufficient for a place like this, probably about 20+ options by the glass, more on the bottle list.
Overall this is a great little place to go with friends if you're looking for great French/Japanese fusion that isn't too pricey.Food is okay, plates are too small. Very pricey. And they need to improve their service, waiters are rude. Will give a second chance soon ....I don't write reviews for anything. That being said. I highly recommend N7.
My first outing to N7 came on an evening with a concert following dinner. I wanted to try the restaurant on the insistence of a friend. I was pleasantly surprised to have been able to get there around 6:30pm and then to the concert at 8:00.
The menu was small but very satisfying. The wine list was complimentary to the menu.
I had the Coq au Reisling and the Soup of the Day (Squash). I hope the soup stays on the menu. Followed by a Piemonte. Fantastic!!! The bread served came from the kitchen and was wonderful. The food came as it was finished in the kitchen, so everything was hot and timely. I made it to my show across town at the Jazz Market. 
Parking was easy. Finding the sign was a little quirky. The gate which protects the restaurant from the street opens to a place far from New Orleans. You should definitely find yourself for there one evening. You will find yourself going back again and again.The ambiance is amazing and the food is great. An excellent wine menu and inspiring mixed drinks. The food comes out on the slower side but to me this just adds to the experience (so make sure you enjoy your company)!A year ago, we had a hard time finding the entrance to this adorable french place since there is only a small sign designating the door. I'm glad we did though, and returned last night and were equally delighted. Great ambience for a date, very extensive wine list, and a nice eclectic menu. The steak was outstanding. Tomato salad and bok choy were really good, and the trio of desserts (soy sauce creme brulee, lemon tart and wasabi ice cream) were tasty too. Intimate bar.Ate here with friends. Our server Emily was extremely knowledgeable and super helpful! The food was spectacular and the Mussel's are ridiculously good. Duck a l'orange was the highlight of the night.Like most bad reviews on here, mine involved service. Service in New Orleans is not the best but this dinning experience was awful. 
Starting with the first interaction with our hostess being negative and continuing to the The server who had way too many tables to handle. We had a 6 top and immediately ordered 3 bottles of wine with one being a magnum. After not having one of our bottles, which took about half hour for them to figure out we quickly ordered another so we good start drinking and order the food (since we had half hour to look at the menu, we were ready!)
Finally got our wine but didn't get to order food for another half our Because our server was so overwhelmed. 
Finally after an hour and a half we were enjoying our food. We ordered a very large amount of food and this was a great thing because we didn't get some of the items we ordered. Still waiting an hour later we cancels what wasn't received.
The server apologized and blamed every thing in bad management of the owner multiple times. When we got our 700$ bill all's that was taken care of was the items we didn't receive. We didn't want anything free but the fact we requested a manager and they never came over to see what the problem was I was expecting a free dessert or the dishes we ordered and didn't get at least! 
All of us our in the service industry so my friend felt compelled to go speak to the owner which didn't go well. He blew my friend off and could care less what we had to say. 
The two stars are for the good food. Some of the best we had in New Orleans. Definitely the best oysters but we'll never returned. And we took a half an hour Uber to get here. 
So disappointing.Our server was extremely rude. One member had an gluten allergy and she asked if it was an allergy or intolerance as if she didn't believe her. This party member ordered food for herself that the rest of the party also ordered. The server never brought the individuals food and said the food we had ordered in the first course was hers only after we had eaten it. When I asked about this she cut me off and told me to hold on. There was a strong air of condescension and lack of hospitality likely because we didn't look like the common New Orleans bourgeoisie (aka Bywater Trust Fund kids). Food was great, service was anything but. Yikes.One of the more beautiful restaurants in New Orleans. Great wine selections and really good food, great for sharing.I posted a review a few weeks ago, and the business had it removed on Yelp. 
The review was not obscene, derogatory, or unfair. It stated facts about our experience in a professional and informative way. It is a bad sign when a business prevents customers from sharing an experience, rather than addressing concerns.Went for dinner early on a Thursday.  They were not crowded.  Had read good things so was eager to try.  Unfortunately very disappointing.    We sat outside.   The patio area is very nice.  The food However was not.  My Fish special  was WAY over cooked.   Sheep head filet that my fork could hardly get through!   Would have sent it back but never saw the waiter and I was hungry!   Friend got the steak au poivre that was supposed to be medium rare.  It was barely warmed.  Lol.   A shame because the sauces with the dishes were very good.   In fact the only reason I don't give them a lower rating is because I have some hope they can get a grill cook and kitchen manager that can tell what they are doing.   In the end it was a poorly spent $100.   My advise is try somewhere else till they get it together.N7 is one of my new favorite places to eat in NOLA. I have been meaning to try it for years, and I am so glad that I finally got to eat here. It is located in the Bywater on a small street and you will drive right past the entrance if you aren't paying attention. The gate opens up to easily the most beautiful courtyard in NOLA. They have outdoor and indoor seating. We sat inside right next to a large beautiful window. The entire space feels like an old French country house. We got a bottle of rose and some fries and shishito peppers to start. Then we shared the escargot tempura, steamed mussels, and duck a l'Orange. The escargot tempura was definitely my favorite. The duck was very tender and flavorful. The mussels were okay, but they had a very strong taste of sake in the broth. Overall, I had a wonderful meal at N7 and I can't wait to return.This place is adorable and worth grabbing a reservation. We sat outside under the covered patio. Thankfully, too, it rained pretty hard while we were there. We only had drinks but would love to make it back for dinner!Weird thing...They don't let you know what their phone number is.  Can't call to see if they are open. They also won't let you actually send them an email.  At the last step of their email process, you're asked to "Prove you're not a robot".  Pretty common-except there was no way to prove I was a human being.I heard all these good things about this place.  They make it hard to do business with their trendy "Don't call us, and don't email us" business model.  Still not giving up, I just drove there to see if they are open.  I thought I had made a wrong turn onto a moto-cross track.  But there was this trendy place all closed up.  Not even a sign on the awesome looking gate.Really enjoyed the atmosphere here! We came late on the evening for some wine and light dinner and the experience at the garden was amazing! The food  was delicious! The only small criticism I have is that even though our water was nice he tried to upsell and a couple of times he said that our order is light. I found that a bit unpleasant but other than that we enjoyed everything - we tried the watermelon salad, escargots tempura, duck l'orange, soy sauce creme brûlée, chocolate terrine espresso and wine and we definitely liked everything.We had an awesome experience at N7 yesterday! Food was delicious and we tried at least half of appetizers, the chicken and the steak. Very cozy experience and the server(from Normandy) was excellent. Can't wait to go back! Oh! And the fries were possibly the best we have ever tried!I had a lot of hope for this place. A beautiful patio with fairy lights, a quaint little house turned into a bar, and a big wine list. First of all, uber drivers have a really hard time finding this place because it looks like a big fence around an abandoned lot. Then you open it up to find this gorgeous patio. We sat and looked through the wine list while waiting for a table. Most of the list is by the bottle, but they have 10 or so wines by the glass. We couldn't agree on one type of wine, so we all ordered our own glass. The menu itself is pretty varied so there is something for everyone. Except for one section - the can to table section. Order at your own risk! I dont mean to be a food snob, but this really disappointed me. They want to make it charcuterie style, but I just cant get behind canned mackerel for $15. So we avoided that part of the menu. We ordered mussels with bread (cant remember the actual name of the dish), bok choy, pommes frites, oysters, scallop ceviche, and duck confit (also a special). The mussels, bok choy, pommes frites, and duck confit were enjoyable with the bok choy being our favorite. The scallop ceviche was horrible. They had no flavor and just slimy. The other couple we were with had the oysters and said they weren't as good as the gulf oysters that you usually get in New Orleans (why they wouldnt source local is beyond me!) We had a lovely dinner catching up with friends and enjoyed our wine, but the food was disappointing and I cant get behind that menu. So I wouldn't come back here if given the choice.