Wife and I ventured out after a movie.  Average margaritas and will say I am not a fan of the Watermelon 'Rita. But server substitued with a top shelf and it was good enough.  Food was good, not great. All in all, we will go back.Would not have went here if I had seen the reviews beforehand. We actually had a really good experience. Our server, Taylor, was great. The food was great, and so were the margaritas. I give 4/5 stars since the chips and salsa aren't free.Decent food, I got an order of the chicken enchiladas with black beans,good although nothing special. 
What?? No complementary salsa?? You have to pay extra for that?? The pico de gallo and guacamole were quite bland, and I actually had to add a bit of salt to it! Note to chef: work on the condiments you are charging me extra for.
I give them props for their frozen daiquiris which claim to use real fruit juices, although I didn't order one, my friend said they are delicious!Don't bother.  It was pretty awful.  Food was bad and cold.  Service was barely decent except server kept apologizing for the restaurant...never a good sign.Hostess was rude 
Huffed when we walked in- and said " umm you're going to have to wait and it's going to be 20minutes" to my husband, myself, teen, five years old and baby (5) total. We were willing to wait but seemed she was aggravated to have us there. 
In walks another family with 4 very large people seemed they knew some of the waiters. We then decide to leave since since we didn't feel welcome. The minute we walked out of the door they seated the other party immediately. My husband goes right back in and called them out on it and they didn't know what to say. 
Shame on you Nacho Mama's I'd much rather my Casa Garcia over you any day!Ordered Mamas Nachos with pulled pork and steak. 2 questions in to the waiter about the menu and the waiter asks if we need more time. I don't need more time, I want you to answer my questions being this was my first time at the establishment. Gave this restaurant 2 stars mainly bc there wasn't a wait and the sweet tea was good. We asked for queso bc the cheese on the nachos was hard by the time we received our entree. When delivering the check to us the waiter stated we were not charged for the 2oz of queso. After receiving our credit card receipt to sign we noticed there was a difference in the total. We waived the waiter down and he answered that he charged us $5 for the extra 2oz queso. We don't mind paying for items we request but do not appreciate the sneakiness of how he did it. More than likely will not be back.Finding this place was an absolute Joy. The wai staff was exceptional the bartender was incredible and the owner is hands on. I couldn't have asked for more and the food was beyond phenomenal. May not be your typical Mexican but trust me it's well worth the visitfuckin shity ass restaurant!!! it's cheaper to eat real mexican food that taste better than this shit!My wife and I came here one day to grab a quick bite to eat before seeing a movie. We had actually planned on going to Chipotle but the line was out the door so we figured we would try this place.
I ordered the California style burrito w/chicken which was decent but nothing too memorable, and my wife had the Santa Fe salad with shrimp which was the better choice. 
The service was pretty good and the ambience enjoyable. I would try this place again if chipotle is slammed... And maybe I'll try mama's nachosSo my husband and i finally had a date night so we decided to hit up the nacho mama's. Everything we ordered came out of the kitchen messed up. The waitress was fast and attentive.  The kitchen needs a overhauling.This has become a Tuesday ritual! Every Tuesday they have $2 tacos and draft beers! The staff is always nice and helpful and the food is consistently great! I've also had their queso and chimichangas and they were great!!Tried to eat there at 9:30 Friday night. The rude waitress said they were closing early. When asked why she said it was privately owned and the owner could do what he wanted. What a joke!My boyfriend and I decided to try this place for the first time for lunch today, and we couldnt of been more pleased. The food was absolutely delicious,  he got the mamas nachos and i got a steak quesadilla, they were both great, very impressed. Also, our waitress we had was great, very friendly and understanding of me being so indecisive. I wish i had remembered to get her name, because she one of the best servers ive ever had, i was surprised when she told us she was new and nervous, she did outstanding! I will definitely be back, and can only hope shell be there again next time!First time here. Came in around 230p, so after lunch rush. The place was filthy!! Server was very disinterested in serving as well. Food came quickly but it was clear no care was taking during plating. Our app had cheese dripping off the side of the plate all over. The quesadillas were served with a small side of shredded iceberg lettuce. No attempt was made to make it look appetizing at all. My plate came out completely wrong & the manager quickly fixed it. If I wanted a place to drink cheap margaritas & eat chips & salsa with friends I'd say ok but if you want a decent meal, don't bother.We stopped for lunch and quickly saw the restaurant was not well keep.  Food on the floor, paint peeling, cheap and dirty décor.  We just order chips and dip.  To our dismay the chips were broken and the pieces were so small we could not dip them.  We mentioned this to our waitress and she said that's how them come!!  This was our first and last time here.This is a fairly regular haunt for our gang - lemme 'splain why:
Free Shot Friday.  Seriously.
You'd think that'd be enough, but there are several upsides to Nacho Mama's, beyond the fact that my kids will never get tired of the pun.
Nacho's is a convenient pop-in before a movie or after shopping; we were here most recently two days ago, after getting our Christmas tree, and a bit of post tree-wrestling stress was assuaged quickly by some immediate tequila and chips/salsa (the salsa is good - actual fresh cilantro in it, which is a basic requirement that many places don't meet).
The Setting: This is a glorified strip-mall hole-in-the-wall, yet the interior is spacious and pleasant.
The Service: Surprised by some of the other reviews here - we've had nothing but good experiences with the staff - the bartenders tend to be fun, and the waitstaff has always been friendly, helpful and prompt.  On our most recent visit on Saturday evening, Krysten and Julia were great. When they ran short of the wine we had ordered, we got a comp'ed 2/3 glass (what was left in the bottle), and a straight tequila for me (a good recommendation from the manager) at the lower price of the original wine. But really - one of the reasons we often pop in here is because the service is so pleasant.
The Food: I've consistently ordered the Super Steak Burrito, which has been consistently terrific.  The steak is good - flavored well, tender, not gristly or over-fatted, and the ingredients are always very fresh.  One of my favorite things about this place is that the heat level is not 'Americanized' - there's a pretty good level of pepper heat, unlike the lowest-common-denominator blandness you find at some places. 
The Price: A bargain.
Nacho Mama's is a solid option in context. We hope they'll be around for awhile..This place is basically the Carrabba's of Mexican food..
Not bad, tasty in fact.
But not Mexican..
If you are looking for good Mexican, drive into NOLA, Taqueria Guerrero, or La Mansion await you.
But if you need a quick salsa fix, this place might be right for you..this place wasnt even enjoyable. they placed cheese on everythig i ate. i hate cheese. sjdixkwowkskaowen. wasted money on assI was skeptical about going today.  The only other location I had ever been to was the one on Magazine St., which is now closed.  I have got to say, I was very pleasantly surprised.   The service was right on point, attentive but not pushy.  There were three of us at the table.  I ordered the house margarita on the rocks with salt, one of my  friends got a watermelon margarita, and the other ordered a beer. 
 The margaritas were pretty good as far as house margaritas go!  Nice presentation in a thick, classic "up" style glass, and tasty enough to order 2 more.  We ordered the appetizer that includes guacamole, salsa, and queso, and our server informed us that since it was Tuesday, it's 'free salsa day'!  Woohoo!  (She also made sure we knew that everything was made fresh 'in house')  All the dips were addictingly good.  Chips  are brought out in a cute tin bucket.   Our server was great about bringing more chips & salsa, and checking on drinks. 
Two of us ordered soft tacos 'baja' style I believe.  Nicely done!  I ordered the Mahi mahi & a steak taco, and was  impressed by both.  This entree came with black beans, and mexican rice.  Both were delicious.  The two of my friends were very happy with their entrees as well.  I'd say in conclusion that I will go back, and suggest this for lunch again.  Good value for a wonderful lunch!Had high hopes for a New Mexican food find close to the theatre I frequent but was disappointed. The service was slow, server wasn't friendly and the food was just average at best. Sad face.My husband and I went for dinner last Friday night. We had a great experience! Jocelynne was our server and she was great! Very friendly and courteous. Our food was delicious! My husband got the enchiladas and I had the fish tacos. There fish tacos are so good! We will be going back for another date soon!Visited for the first time in a while on 5/19. Started great, service was average, but once our food came things turned horrible. A black hair was on my meal. Tried to get the attention of my server and I had to go to the bar to finally get another server to acknowledge me. Server apologized and said item would be taken off the bill. Also stated I told the cook to wear a hair net. Shouldn't they always wear one? No manager or anyone else came to our table. I will not be returning since this seems to be the normal for this place.Food here is pretty gross. I agree with a previous reviewer when I say a Mexican restaurant that doesn't have free chips and salsa should be ashamed of itself. The chicken here is always dried out and bland. The only reason I give it 2 stars is because the margarita's are decent. Not great, decent. Since the Elmwood area is experiencing a bit of a boom lately, I'm really hoping this place closes down and makes way for something really good.
Oh, and has anyone else noticed the floor in this restaurant is ALWAYS slimy?I've been here a few times. The service depends on who you get but it's always best at the bar. For some reason the servers always seem angry everywhere else. The margaritas are good, as are the chips. Queso is just okay. The food though, not great. Burritos aren't bad but not much better than Chipotle. Other foods, enchiladas, tacos, taco salad, just not tasty. They tend to drown things in cheese which is sometimes good but not in this case. I can think of better places to go."Hey kids, you know who's making dinner tonight? Nacho Mama!"
I see bad reviews here, but we stop in at this joint quite regularly, and have honestly never had a bad experience.
It's a strip mall hole in the wall, but there's a certain campy awesomeness to it. It's got the usual faux-Mexican decor (for which I'm a bit of a sucker), and a fairly run of the mill menu - expect to find most of the usual Ameri-Mex staples on there somewhere.  The place is getting a little long in the tooth, and could do with a renovation, but the price-to-value ratio remains very strong.
But we stopped in on Friday, and that's a key - "Free Shot Friday" is still in effect, and since the wife wasn't feeling the tequila experience on this particular night, that meant I got two along with my frozen margarita. (Ok, frozen margaritas.  Fortunately the wife was driving. In fact, I'm fortunate in that the wife ALWAYS drives, which means I always get to drink.)
In any event, we had a good time.  
Jon was a terrific waiter - and was gracious and talented enough to very convincingly play the role of someone who finds me funny, which always goes a long way, and he was Jonny-on-the-spot whenever we needed him. Never had to wait for water glasses to be refilled, either, but I didn't get the bus-girl's name to shout her out. In any event, terrific service. And the fellow at the front of the house was a funny fellow, too - made the initial 10 minute wait go by quickly.
I ordered my usual - starter of chip/dip trio (queso blanco, guac, been dip - all good) and entree was the Super Steak Burrito, as always - that thing is so darn good and has no business being only $11.50.
In any event, another good trip to Nacho Mama, and this place stays in the family rotation.This is one of my family's favorite spots.  It's  $2 for chips and salsa, but we enjoy the warm chips and tasty salsa so we never mind paying the small amount.  The Mama's Nachos are very good and I also really enjoy the beef chimichanga.  The design your own taco never  disappoints my husband.  They have the best Pina Coladas, too!We went here last night amidst average reviews... Strike 1- you have to pay for chips and salsa...Strike 2 - they we out of salsa ( really how is a Mexican restaurant, especially one called NACHO mamas, going to be out of salsa?) Strike 3- my sister in law and I receive our food, but my wife has to wait another 10 minutes .. For what you ask? NACHOS! Next batter-Strike 4-  the nachos come out, not the way she ordered them and looking like something you would slop together yourself at home... Strike 5- the nachos taste homemade( unseasoned chicken, velveta and ro-tel queso, sour cream and pico de gallo) Strike 6- rice and beans are not fresh we could tell they'd been sitting and the fish tacos my sister in law had were dry and flavorless....so after 1 meal their were enough strikes for 2 outs that ultimately means we will never go back.... The 2 stars are earned from a good waiter compensating us for a bad experience by not charging for the nachos we sent back and not charging for our chips and queso... I also enjoyed the chimichanga I had... And margaritas were reasonably priced and goodMy friend and I went yesterday. I was going to get the fajitas until I realized that they were 17 bucks and you had to pay extra for beans and rice. So then I ordered the fajita wrap with came with chips but I would have to pay extra for the salsa. Oh and btw they do not compliment you on chips and salsa, this is a extra charge as well. The fajita wrap was $10 and it tasted like something I could make from home. My friend ordered the "shredded beef" chimichanga and the shredded beef was actually ground beef and when she cut into it, the amount of grease that poured out was enough to refry the chimichanga and maybe even my wrap. And the RICE, was sooo red that it looked as though they dumped an entire can of tomato sauce in it. The tomatillo salsa was not season and was like water. Terrible experience, over priced and the worse mexican I have ever eaten.We were out shopping for the day and were getting hungry!! We looked at the options around there and most were some type of fried food... not my first choice. So we decided on Mexican.  We were very happy with our choice. The staff was friendly and helpful. My husband got the BBQ burrito and he liked it.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  We will be back!We usually eat in the restaurant but due to the events of a long day we decided to get the food to go. I don't normally do food to go and I rarely do a doggie bag for the simple reason it's not the same. Nacho Mama's to go is just as good as at the restaurant though we will be back to the bar soon because the service is usually spot on.Food was great!!! Our server Chris was very good! Attentive and friendly ask for him you won't be disappointed. We'll be back.The food is just not good. The chicken tastes like it came out of one of those microwave bags. BUT the staff were really nice.This place is definitely not living up to its name "nacho mamas". I had mamas nachos and they sucked. Dry. Stale. The cheese was basically just melted on top inside a microwave because the plate was so hot. The steak was dry and bland. The guac was not good. The jalapenos on top were not even a bit spicy. My friends had a burrito, fajitas and a torta and they weren't satisfied. The beans are the can type. The rice looks like it's canned as well. Won't be coming back.Their buffalo chicken nachos are really good. I order it almost every time I go. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is great and the restaurant itself is nice, clean, and very colorful. I recommend this place and always tell people about it.Very good food. We had queso and chips to start and my husband's taco plate was delicious. He had a Baja pork taco and the fish taco. I had the grilled chicken quesadilla w avocado slices and their salsa is delicious!! Great service too!Went here on recommendation of family. Probably won't return. For lent they had nachos with crawfish it was a special. Not on menu anymore. We had shrimp chimichurri. It was good. The lunch was combo fajitas with chicken and steak, chicken tortilla soup, nachos with need and chicken enchiladas. The soup was watery and tasteless. The fajitas were good but not enough tortillas. The enchiladas were good. The server was made aware of the discount through yelp and didn't include it on the bill. Had to remind him before it as taken off.The best thing to happen to elmwood since fitnessThe food here is alright. It is not the best mexican food I have ever tried but its not too bad either. Unlike so many other business's in the area they have a lot of parking. But one of the best things is that it is so close to where I live.
One of my biggest complaints is the fact that there is no free chips and salsa! Other mexican restaurants do this I still don't understand why these guys don't.  I see I am not the only one complaining about that. :)Nasty food and poor service like one reader mentioned the beef in my enchilada was sour and the shell itself looked moldy.....pepto anyone!?!?!?!Stopped in for desert. It's my birthday. I love fried plantains. Happy Mardi Gras people.I have been a fan since they opened in the CBD years ago.  Current faves are the California Club Nachos and the Big Jerk Burrito.  Get a Mexican Sunset Margarita and it's Fiesta time.Best house Margarita in town.  A great mix and you can actually tell it has tequila in it, unlike others.  The California Club Nachos are great for that crunchy cheesy fare that is on the lighter side.  
They only use fresh ingredients which is why I keep going back. If you want cookie-cutter meximerican flare go elsewhere.If I could give this 0 stars, I would, especially since we never even got to eat. Monday afternoon, a little after 3 o'clock (right after Happy Hour begins) we were seated in a booth. 20 minutes passed and we still hadn't been greeted by a waiter or waitress. The hostess was in plain sight but didn't think to get us help and another employee was cleaning near us, who also didn't help. The other wait staff were socializing audibly. We left and went to Chipotle about a block away and had quality Mexican food with great service. Will not go back.No Sizzle fo Shizzle!! 
To start of, let me say that Larry the manager was extremely nice and tried to make our experience better, but the restaurant and waitress were rather disappointing. Our waitress made us feel like we were interrupting her spa day and the food had no sizzle or pizzazz, there was nothing unique about their flavors, at all.. 
This place nickels and dimes you for everything. We ordered chips and salsa, fajitas for two $20.00, kids cheese enchilada $3.50, kids cheese quesadilla $3.50, order of fries $3.00, an order of rice $1.50 and I ordered a raspberry margarita. 
The waitress dropped off a plain margarita with a raspberry liquor poured on top. I'm still confused as to why they couldn't mix it up at the bar, being that I asked for a raspberry margarita, not a plain margarita with something drizzled on top - that's like ordering a mudslide, but only having the bartender put all the ingredients in without shaking it, then hand it to you. 
The food. The food was just okay, nothing that would make us return again. The chips and salsa were $2.00 and it costs $1.00 for a salsa refill. Our fajitas made a quiet entrance to our table, which means that they sat in the window for a while. We ordered the trio - steak, chicken, and shrimp which was piled on top of grease, onions, green peppers, and more grease. The kids food was messed up and had to be returned (how do you mess up cheese only?!). As mentioned, I had to order the fries separately because they don't offer sides with the kids menu and it was a small portion of fries, maybe 20 fries of different sizes for $3.00! The rice had some kind of seasoning piled on top, so much so that my daughter had to remove the top half of the beans just so she could eat them. I ended up opening Yelp while waiting for the kids to finish because I was curious if my experience was unique. Not only did I find a low score, but I also found the 15% off, so I checked in and the manager was more than happy to adjust the ticket. I was trying to give them some reprieve as I thought from the looks of it this was a chain restaurant only to find out it's one of a kind! 
I would also like to point out that if someone chooses to stretch their earlobes out, please allow them to wear the plugs because looking at the quarter sized holes in her ears was a bit shocking and would have preferred her ears with the plugs, I mean they are not hurting anyone if they are there. (no offense to the waitress, I'm actually rallying for her on this point) You hired her knowing she wore plugs, why would you make her remove them? 
Bottom line - I will not ever go back to this restaurant. Done. Too many places in Metairie and New Orleans to settle for just okay. Without the 15% off coupon I would have only given 1 star.Its always hard to go back to a place a second time and leave feeling that the restaurant didn't quite live up to the memory. But in this case, everyone at the table agreed the food and drinks had gone downhill over the last year. It gets a "pretty good" for just about everything, but the Southwest eggrolls, fajitas, and drinks were not that much better than the handful of other TexMex places in the area, and detracts from this being a go-to spot when I'm in the area. 
OTOH, our server was excellent, and I ended up chatting with the manager about how superb the service was. 
Not sure what happened in the last year, but hopefully I just caught them on an off night. I hope the quality and freshness are there if/when I return.Not terrible. Not terrific. 
There are better options in Elmwood. 
Overpriced for the quality. I would not recommend.This is a fun spot.  Crawfish enchiladas and spicy crunchy chili peppers appetizer.  Chips queso Guacamole.   Chandra was our waitress.  Total sweetheart.  You need local day of dead the dead artist mardiclaw to round out the art on walls!  Naturally New Orleans female bone gang artist!  All hail!Good nachos... Average tex mex overallWent for lunch today it took 45 mins to get our food and it wasn't even busy! Waitress was very sweet and apologetic. When the food finally arrived the mama app combo my daughter ordered was inedible. Old grease and burnt taste. Won't go back. I love Mexican food n this isn't itI'm not sure what might help this place. Our food was dried out and under-flavored. My quesadilla was dry as a bone (chicken) and didn't really have anything but a corn flavor. Girly's salad, same thing. Service was slow and most of the staff was hanging out together and chatting, hardly ever looking up. 
Went with my boss and a co-worker the second time and just had a tea. They both ordered but neither of them finished their food. Not a place I would ever go back to, even if it was for a free meal.We had a disgusting attempt at lunch here today. We ordered the Chimichanga - BIG mistake! When it arrived, I saw grease on the plate, which is not a good start. I cut into it and a big pool of grease from the ground meat just covered the bottom of the plate. My partner ordered the same thing- his also was swimming in grease. We called someone over and told her about it- she went for a manager-meanwhile our server says" yeah I saw all of that"! Why would you serve it, knowing it was not right? But the thing that made me the angriest was when the manager came over he tried to argue with me that it was from being fried! Then he said the beef has grease- well, duh! How about using better beef or even just draining the grease? I can't call it oil- it was orange and repulsive. Is that so hard? We will never go back. There is a Taco Bell across the street that is vastly superior to the food they served us today. Chips and salsa were good. The manager who argued with me also must have trained the hostess who didn't say a word to us or even look at us-just threw the menus on the table and walked away, back to sit behind the counter staring at her phone. 
We love local places and try to frequent them whenever possible, but this place is the WORST!Way too expensive for what you get. A sampler of three dips and chips is $10! The menu does not seem varied enough. I realize that nachos are the name of the game here, but there seemed more emphasis on nachos, salads and burgers than any authentic Mexican food item. 
For example, I wanted chile rellenos, but the only option was to get one as an appetizer, and it doesn't come with beans and rice. I ordered one anyway, and the middle was not hot or warm. Also, my dish didn't come with any type of ranchero sauce, salsa or pico de gallo. It was just the crispy, fried, cheese-stuffed pepper with a side of queso. Very disappointing.
I tasted my friend's pork nachos, and it was so bland. There was hard cheese caked all over the plate. 
I did highly enjoy the $4 mimosa special.
Too many other good places to eat. I'm ashamed that I wasted calories here, but when you are dragged there by friends, sometimes you have to go with the flow.It's a decent Mexican grill. The visit today was so-so. The glass that my wine was served in was dirty & the server Lydia wasn't very courteous in getting me another drink. After bringing me another drink there was still dust in the glass and she said "ugh, I'll just get my manager," and abruptly walked away. Very unprofessional!The good: the food was very tasty and margaritas are as well.
The bad: wait staff was inattentive. I don't know if it was because my party of two had a table tucked against the wall but it was like we were invisible. Also, we got charged for chips and salsa, which every other Mexican restaurant provides for free on the table. That should have been a sign of how the service would be.
Overall the experience was underwhelming. I used to here once a month several years ago with a large party and had great service and food. I wonder what happened to make things go downhill in such a big way and why there were enough people still going here to have a 45 minute wait to get a table.Pretty dang good! Went here at the spur of the moment and it turned out to be delicious. $2 tacos on Wednesdays which is what my friend got and loved it. I got the sweet and spicy BBQ pork burrito which was a very nice size serving. Big burrito. Rice was a little dry like it might have been sitting out a while but not inedible. Beans decent too. All around, I would recommend it. Service was worse than the food. Get your waiter's name.Their burritos are huge and quite filling. They did not bring out complimentary chips and salsa on my first visit, so I am not sure if it was because two people in my party only ordered appetizers, or they don't offer it. Being part of the Elmwood Shopping Center, there is plenty of parking. They do have some outdoor seating. The interior is south of the border themed.
On my second visit, they brought no complimentary chips, so I'm guessing it's not their thing. I got the steak burrito. It looked small, but it was quite filling. It came with a side of rice and refried beans. Oh. My. Goodness. This was freaking awesome.
I have been here, before, it has just been quite awhile. I look forward to coming back, when I am in the area.I enjoyed the Guacamole and chips it was great!! Try it I bet you'll like it also.. My waitress was nice that's a plus.. I ll also add that Nacho Mama's a great first date spot.Really really really slow service and the fajita roll up was had no flavor at all.  The only reason I gave them one star was for the guacamole which was some of the best I've ever had.Good but not great, I would give the food four stars and the service two, the service just sucks there. I like the ambiance and environment but the servers all suck. They are very unattentive and aren't that friendly. Most of the time I get food to go from here just so I don't have to deal with the servers. Queso iI haven't had anything here that I didn't like! They am have outstanding seasonal margaritas, excellent service, and amazing food!Now I understand that when there's a party of 6 you won't work as hard because you know there is an automatic gratuity, but that's never an excuse to be rude. The waiter (and yes, I'm naming names) Chalmette Shawn is what the ticket said, was absolutely horrible!!! first off we're seated at a filthy table where he proceeds to throw down a couple of straws and walks away..only to return 15 mins later to take our order. He takes our orders and never comes back to check on us after he gave us our food and didn't even bother to come clear the table before he began handing us each our individual tabs. Then after we get our checks, we asked to speak with a manager b/c clearly he was either having a bad day or was just ready to go home, either way that wasn't OUR PROBLEM! We speak with the manager who was cool, but I think I'll stick with the location on magazine cause atleast they're friendly... and the food was nothing stellar so It definitely wasn't worth the bad service...Besides the demented looking woman in their logo...they are an ok mexican joint. All the waiters are stuck up college kids/drop outs that act like they are better than you. It is a very booze oriented place which is to be expected from a mexican food place. But almost ALL the decor is probably free neon they got for selling the different alcoholic beverages. The food is mediocre...but it's New Orleans...what can you expect...theydon't do mexican here. :) Be aware that they charge for chips and salsa, but share a meal with a friend because the portions are sizable. I mean if you're going for a margarita and happen to want a meal, it'll do. Otherwise...I'm not CRAZY about it.This place is pretty yummy. Hands down my favorite queso and chips. Their margaritas are pretty awesome too. My husband and I also get the same thing and share. We get the mamas nachos and the Carla's chimichanga. Both are delicious!!!!!I will start with the positive things about this restaurant.   It's in a good location, with sufficient parking.   The staff are friendly and the atmosphere is good.  I appreciate the 15% Yelp Check-in discount.   
Now the not so poitive.  I ordered the mixed grill fajitas. My fajitas were sitting in the pick up window of the kitchen so long that when my server brought them to the table, they no longer were sizzling...at all.  I asked for the steak to be cooked medium, but it was well done.  The shrimp were 6 large,  tail-on shrimp.  The meat and shrimp were sitting in a lot of oil.  Had I known it would have so much oil, I would have requested they go light on it.
My server, Cherie,  was wonderful and kept my drink filled, and made me feel that she was glad to serve me.
The restroom needs a serious renovation!  I like the lime green paint on its walls, but it's a horribly neglected restroom.  To add to that, none of the employees were keeping up the cleaning, and stocking of the toilet paper.   You may want to check before you squat.
Overall, I enjoyed my dining experience.  The portions were adequate, and the food was undoubtedly fresh. I would definitely go back again.Food is great but they rip you off charge you for sour cream with your qusidillas 
Wow are they cheapThis is a very cool/"ducked off" location. Literally, this place is cool and often overlooked. 
Outdoor seating is wonderful. It's sort of gated off, so as to not interfere with the side walk traffic. 
The food is average as are the drinks. The wait staff are knowledgable about food and drink choices. The lunch and dinner menu vary only by a few items. 
Parking is easy. As well. Total plus!!!Since the Uptown Nacho Mama's closed, this is the only remaining location anywhere near the city.  I would like it if it was a little more convenient to get to.  Being located all the way in Elmwood makes getting here a real trek.  I usually like to travel to Uptown and sometimes downtown, and that's it.  But I digress.
This isn't a bad location.  It's a nice place to stop into, especially if you have plans to go to the movies, which is located nearby.  I usually sit at the bar and have found that service is way faster when I do so.  Not a bad place, but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go here.  There are way better Mexican places around.This place is the Bomb...I love the bar tender lindsey. And food amazing I love the laid back atmosphere and fresh food. Try steak burrito the best..The food, service, and atmosphere here are great. Perfect for a quick dinner or lunch. Totally recommend the quesadilla. Thanks to our awesome waiter for her suggestions and great service. Fastest delicious food in Elmwood. Fa sho.The only reason I'm not giving this place one star is because I love the happy hour. This used to be my go-to place for Mexican since it's on my way home from work. Unfortunately, it seems nacho mamas has changed many of their recipes, more specifically the cheese in many dishes. It's like all my favorite dishes (mini chimis, quesadilla, Tex mex egg rolls etc) have almost like a cheddar cheese? Instead. I LOVE cheese, especially cheddar, but not on my Mexican food  everything used to be soooo good! But they are so clearly cutting corners for one reason or another. It's like a totally different place from the one I used to go to. None of it seems to be the recipes I used to love! I hate to complain about service and that isn't the reason for my low rating, as a former waitress I get that sometimes people are just having bad days or are overwhelmed, but I can't help but to mention that my server seemed inattentive and gone a lot. And it wasn't just me. I watched as other tables got frustrated as well. Such a shame this place used to be so good! But with this TERRIBLE food I'm sure it'll be closed soon just like the magazine ST location.4 stars for selection and service! The authenticity and taste of the food maybe deserves 2-3 stars.
Cute little Mexican "style" restaurant located in the Elmwood Shopping Plaza. Indoor, bar, and outdoor seating available and a very large variety offered for the lunch menu. Drink menu was nice as well! I tried the Mojorita and it was very tasty!
As for my food, it was hot and fresh. However, this restaurant is not authentic to the TRUE Mexican food I've grown to LOVE while growing up in AZ. This is more of an American Mexican style cuisine to me.
Greeters, Servers, Bartenders were all courteous, polite, and served expeditiously. Great service!This place is very odd for a Mexican restaurant. I've never had been in a Mexican restaurant where chips and salsa is not complementary. The service was also a little odd, the waiter only checked on us to take our order and bring us the bill. We had the fajitas for two, which was mediocre. Looking back, I wish I had known that this restaurant seems/acts like a chain and that are better Mexican places out there.I can't even give this place 1 star. It's unfair and dishonest that I'm forced to! My mom is by far more generous than me! Cuz let me tell you after driving over an hour and a half for 2 Dr appts and a trip to the pharmacy I was just too hungry to deal with this regrettable experience. Not forgettable but REGRETTABLE! The "food" took forever and the only similarity it had to fine dining was how our plates came out...as if it were a 5 course meal. Except there were five of us who ordered. My baby's and mom's plates came first. After 40 minutes or so and for it not being busy AT ALL (maybe 5 tables) that's just inexcusable! About 5 minutes later my oldest daughter's plate came. Then around 6 minutes later my plate came out. I ordered the appetizer sampler with the nachos, flauta, chimichurri, and I don't know what else. What I got was the wtf?! plate. The cheese on the chips was sizzles to them in that oh so familiar microwaved plate form. Not that the brown corners of the chips didn't give that away anyway. So I grabbed the chicken flauta and took a bite. Rancid. Tried the chimichurri thing. Slimy inside and rancid. I don't know if it was the oil or what but when the waitress came to let us know that the kitchen was making my other daughter's chicken tenders that STILL hadn't arrived, I gave her mine to take back. Did I want something else? NO! I didn't have 45 more minutes to wait for another plate. So I ate the other half of my mom's shrimp wrap thing. I'm allergic to shrimp btw but I'd rather the hives and diarrhea than eat what I had sent back.  Then my oldest offered me a bite of hers. She had the steak with blue cheese wrap. I LOVE steak and I LOVE blue cheese. Figured mmmm must be good cuz she was chowin it down. So I took a bite. Maybe the cheese was bad? Idk. What I do know is that my taste buds IMMEDIATELY rebelled and sent a message to my brain to get it the heck out of my body. I spit it out. The sauce and cheese tasted like I'd taken a gulp of milk that's been in the fridge for 3 months and had a layer on top with the yellow liquid at the bottom. How can you eat that? I asked daughter and she said "I can't taste anything right now". Benefits of strep throat and upper respiratory virus I guess. So FINALLY my other daughter's plate came. The rest of us were all done. Her food was actually hot. So hot that we didn't have time for her to wait for it to cool off so we got a box and took it with us. Their website description states that their goal is to provide a unique experience and bring a different taste to the area. Yep. RANCID AWFUL. INEDIBLE. And I'd say they are definitely meeting their goal! The name is appropriate though. Was so not even close to my mama's. I can't remember my mom ever having tried to feed us anything similar. I was not a very nice child but even if I'd have been a horrible child I don't think she'd have hated me enough to feed me anything similar to what comes out of Nacho Mama's kitchen! The only nice thing I can say is that our waitress was great. Very attentive and friendly. No attitude at all that I sent my food back like some servers get. And the food quality had nothing to do with the FOH. Just in case anyone is wondering...I will NOT be back.My burrito was good, but the kids' nachos were a joke. A few chips with a light drizzle of queso for $4? I feel robbed.
I'd give fewer stars, but my server is great.This place is cute and comfortable, but the food is not great..not even that good. I visit about once a year for the last 10 years, hoping it gets better..but. The service was nice, however. The chips weer warm and the queso yummy - the salsa was watered down,tho and the guacamole bland. Margaritas were ok, but not at $7 for a 12 ounce and most of that was ice. Dinner..we had the shrimp fajitas- the worse I've ever had. The ten shrimp were about the side of a quarter coin, greasy and sat on a bed of saturated oily onions..nothing else, and the order is side rice was sticky and cold. Was a regular at the old location uptown..for the Monday happy hour, and nachos. That's about as good as it gets.I was extremely apprehensive about going to this restaurant, even though I have wanted to visit it for some time, due to the recent negative reviews here on Yelp*.  As on reviewer said, it's in Elmwood, and it's a trek for sure, especially for me since I live in Algiers.  The kiddo and I made a command decision and threw caution to the wind and decided this was where we were going to eat tonight, ok...
We started off with two appetizers, though I hesitate to consider chips and queso an appetizer, but that's what they call it and the Southwestern Eggrolls, I love them everywhere I have ever gone (except Gordon Biersch's) and though they did not contain chicken, I figured what the hey and again threw caution to the wind.  They are served with a red pepper jelly which has a nice kick to it and the eggrolls were very very good,  I didn't miss the chicken at all...and though I am not a fan of onions, I never even noticed they were in there, which is a good thing.  Five stars all the way around.  Chips are light and crispy, but the queso was just so-so, it was better with the addition of a smidge of salt, but not something I think I would order again.
I ordered the build your own quesadilla and my kiddo surprised me and didn't order fajitas, opting instead for a trio of tacos, the tres amigos.  She had panko coated Mahi Mahi and panko coated catfish both Baja style and a shrimp taco, her favorite hands down was the catfish taco and her least was the shrimp.  I ordered refried beans and roasted red peppers inside my quesadilla and it was fabulous.  The kiddo's meal came with rice and either refried beans or black beans, we opted for black and they were outstanding, the rice not so much, I'd rather get another order of beans instead :).
Though we were full and goodness the portions are substantial, we still opted for dessert, generally on the menu when we try a new place and ordered sopapillas, they were nothing spectacular, though the kiddo loved the agave syrup that came with them (we brought that home, she is having that with waffles in the morning).
The food was decent, the prices were on par with other local establishments, so no complaints there, but the service was O U T S T A N D I N G.  We had Archelle as our server and that alone would prompt another visit from us, even though we live so far away.  She was helpful, courteous, gave us good recommendations on what we should order and never let us feel like we were being avoided or forgotten.  She kept our drinks full, asked after us during each phase of our meal to make sure we were enjoying everything, but she didn't hover or make us feel rushed.  She was a real treat in view of most of the service we receive from restaurants today, which is to say no service.  I was very impressed and I'm not the easiest person in the world to please, but tonight I left with a full tummy and a feeling of satisfaction that I don't often have when I go out to eat.  Thanks Archelle for making this a most delicious time.This was the second worst dining experience I have had in five years living in New Orleans.  Please, readers, do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs.  A friend and I asked to be seated at 4:10 this afternoon.  The staff's idea of seating us was clearing off two seats of a four seat table outside, barely wiping it down, and leaving the rest of the table dirty.  It was never cleaned fully.  The waitress took our drink order, but it was a half hour before my friend got her beer.  We were told that our ticket had slipped between the bars and that was the cause of the delay.  At the one hour mark, the food still had not arrived, and we were told that the ticket had been lost a second time.  When the food arrived, it was bland and unsatisfying.  The portions were small, and parts of the order were missing.  After assuring us that the items would not be charged to our bill, we were given a bill containing both the undelivered items and an entire second meal that was for another table.  These problems were compounded by the large group seated next to us who was comprised of the General Manager's family, complete with several small children and a newborn, which kept the wait staff running back and forth to supply them with "free Absolute shots" and "dirty martinis."  At this point, I cannot think of a single thing that was positive about this experience.I've only eaten the Green Mama from here but it is excellent. The portion is big and the price isn't bad. A bonus for the guys the waitresses are pretty much all knockouts.Food was great! Wait staff was great! Had fun with the kids here! Food came out in a timely manner!This place is just meh. Wait staff is a little short and just no real sense of urgency to anything. Forever to get food that honestly I could have gotten from sams club. I am all about drinks, but they were just okay here. Nothing special. I would only eat here again if I was in the area and couldn't find anything elseSince I'm from So Cal we were in New Orleans for a business trip. This place was awesome great customer service good was great prices were not bad eitherI only ever get the queso blanco here, so I can't really comment on anything else.  It's not that everything else is bad.  It's just that the wife and I will travel across the city to get it.  It's that good.
On my latest trip, I was able to get MORE queso by getting the pick 3. It's like getting three quesos for the price of two.I'm not so thrilled with the food here. The chimichanga and burritos are run of the mill, they charge for nachos (so much for mama's generosity), & you can't get a lower sugar margarita on those happy hour special days even if you medically can't tolerate the high fructose corn syrup in the regular ones (I don't even LIKE tequila so f-u anyway). This is one of the reasons I avoid how nit picky they are when it comes to their customers. 
If the food were better, I wouldn't even mention the margarita issue. They also do this bizarre thing where they out of the air pick a woman's name & men's name, and if that's your name, you get some extra special bar deal (so f-u to the Berthas & Aloysiuses of the world and hello to the Kayleys & Jadens!  No offense to the latter--it's not their fault).  I swear that just makes it feel like the place is run by brand new white college kids who don't know any better. 
Thinking about all the bar deal rules now just has me steamed, especially since nothing on the menu makes up for it nor has any authentic flavor.  Oh well. Guess I'll just have to ask my boyfriend to take me to the hundreds of other not-so-nit picky Mexican places in the world!I'm going to give Nacho Mama's 3 stars instead of 4 because I was hesitant to come back after not having enjoyed it on my previous visits. Why did I return you ask? Well, I was with a big group and I didn't pick it. Needless to say, I actually left feeling satisfied. Our servers, Lydia and Archell were extremely courteous and very willing to help us out. 5 stars go to them for sure. 
The food was a pleasant surprise. This has always been my quibble with them. I never could find the right meal for me. I finally found one. The Great Western Burrito with the over roasted pork filling was DEElicious! It was cooked just right and had the right amount of seasoning which meant it wasn't too salty or too spicy. My tea kept getting refilled and the food didn't take long to come out from the kitchen. 
I hope I get to return because I will no longer feel anxious about being disappointed. I may also bump up my review to 4 stars. We'll see. 
Good job, Nacho Mama's!!I have only been here twice: once for lunch and once for a beer after work.
Reasons to go:
1) Food type. I grew up in central Texas where good tex-mex is imperative.  This doesn't hit the mark but it came closer than most places have.
2) Tap. The beers on tap were pretty good.
3) Staff. Friendliness (especially for that side of the Huey P Long) seems to be a priority.  Staff knowledge was 50/50 due to the 2nd time I went, the waitress was new but she was familiar with the tap!
*My friends were excited about their margarita selections but I'm not that into the scene unless they are done by me, at home.  Might check other reviews for that aspect of the restaurant.
Reasons to avoid:
1) Value.  The food was OK but wasn't worth what I paid for it.
2) Atmosphere. I think they attempted to go for a Taco Cabana look but ended up with more of a Mexican-styled bar. Felt awkward for me seeing a table of drinking dudes next to a family with little kids.The food was awesome.  I ordered the Chile relleano and it was one if the best I've eaten. The watermelon frozen margaritas were delicious.  Very friendly staff.Pretty good food, big portions.  Smallish 'ritas though they were 2 for 1 when we went.  Had the cheese and onion enchiladas.  Decent for the price so I won't complain...but there is much better Mexican food in this city.  There is also much better 'ritas!I've gone here several times, mostly for the end of the semester fiesta that a few classmates and I started. Great food (you really can't go wrong with anything out choose), reasonably priced, clean and fun atmosphere, and wonderful customer service. I have never had a bad experience here and would highly recommend.I like this place and I prefer this location.  Not only b/c it's closer to my home, but it's better than the uptown location.  It's an 'easy' place to eat.  Plenty of parking, outdoor seating, laid back atmosphere.  
The food is average to good and they give you enough of it.  I like the steak tacos.  The drinks are also average.  But I take issue with being charged for chips and salsa.  The waitstaff is friendly enough and the dining area seems clean enough.  Unfortunately, I seem to be the only one in my family/crew who seems to like this place at all.This was a fun dinner place for the evening.
Server made sure my friends understand 
the drinks for the evening. His service skills 
were top notch: patience as we decided on our
entrees.I have been here quite a few times and the food is pretty good. My friend came in from Mississippi and we wanted to get something to eat so we came here. It was a Friday night so I can understand they would be busy. We walked in and was told it was a 45 minute wait. We opted out of waiting so we left. On the way back to the car I counted at least 8 empty tables. This was upsetting since they claim there was a long wait.Since we live in the area, we often go to Nacho Mamas out of convenience, but after the last time we went, we won't be coming back! I ordered beef enchiladas (no big deal, right?) and EVERYTHING was sour---the cheese, the meat, and it tasted like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for at least 30 minutes... Totally dried out and not hot enough. The waitstaff there is generally very nice, but I can only imagine their kitchen is filthy and they push perishables past the spoiling point and try to cover it up with seasoning. My husband got fajitas and we both ended up sick the next day. Avoid avoid avoid!Love love this place! People are so nice and friendly. The California club nachos are amazing!! So is their steak taco salad!! Got to stop in for lunch or dinner!I had previously enjoyed eating at this restaurant until my last experience. While having our dinner, another party arrived with about 5 dogs. Since we were sitting outside this was not an issue. The problem came when the wait staff started taking the plates from the other tables and giving them to the dogs to lick clean. Then the waitress arrived with water pitchers and held them for the dogs to drink out of and then proceeded to the other tables to fill water glasses for people using the same pitchers. The final straw was the various waitstaff coming out to play with the dogs and then grabbing people's plates to serve them their food......with dog spit and hair on their hands getting in the food..... It's a shame there appeared to be no concern with sanitation. I have no problem with the dogs, just the behavior of the waitstaff. They badly need training on how to handle food.Been to this place several times. Had lunch last week and food was once again pretty good. Love their nachos, as they melt the cheese under a flame. Usually get the fajitas as the steak they use is well-seasoned and the "fixins" are fresh. Now, most of the time the hostess is a young, flaky kid who tries to sit my group on top of another table, but I just say something, and they let us choose our table. The waitresses are young, pretty girls who most of the time do a good job serving the food. Try the nachos and the fajitas, you won't be sorry.Every thing was good!  The only thing that was strange was they make you pay for chips and salsa.The food was just ok. Garlic Butter shrimp taco's were salty . Panko Crusted shrimp tacos were okay. The only thing that was warm on my plate were the beans. I would give this another place another chance because I love the name and how clean it was.Worst plate of nachos ever had in my life!!!  Didnt want jalapenos  and came out covered with them.  When brought back I think they removed the peppers and sent it back out cold and cheese tasted rubbery.  Didnt eat a 1/4 of plate and waitress didnt even inquire why.  Totally disappointed and hoping it was just a bad night!!!I originally ordered beef enchiladas, and the beef was SOUR!! How does that even happen? And, how does your kitchen staff smell it and still serve it to someone?! My second order was with chicken, and they loaded it with verde sauce which was also sour! Seriously disgusting. I'm surprised I didn't vomit in the restaurant. My stomach is turning!
I should also add that our server told us this is not the first time they have served sour beef! Gross!
I will never go back!Can I give less than 1 star? This place doesn't deserve to be in operation. Hopefully they fold just like the other locations.
Got forced into going here. I had heard mostly bad reviews of the place so I wasn't too thrilled, but I sucked it up and ordered the 3 Amigos Taco Plate because I was starving and it's not that hard to fuck up tacos, right? 
Wrong. It was an utter disaster.  Here's why:
1) jerk chicken on soft corn tortilla - chicken was complete mush and had a gross vinegary flavor. It came with wilted spinach leaves and this horrendous "mango salsa" mixture that looked like fruit cocktail out of a can. Mushy mango, onion and red pepper. Obviously not fresh, but from some pre-mixed bag. It was revolting.
2) ground beef taco on hard corn tortilla - beef quality was on par with Taco Bell and the lettuce, jalapeno, cheese... none were any good.
3) grilled mahi mahi on soft corn tortilla - what an absolute joke this piece of fish was. Previously frozen, obviously, and had no seasoning to mention. Also came with the wilted spinach and the sewage that is their mango salsa mix. Threw it away after one bite.
Also got an order of the white queso . Turned gelatinous after about 45 seconds. Threw it out. 
The black beans.. can't screw that up right? Wrong. They were clearly out of a can and had a soapy taste. Made me gag.
Summary:
What a piece of garbage this place is. And I don't want to hear anyone make excuses about location or convenience. I can name a dozen places right in that area that are hands down better. Go across the street to New Orleans Hamburger and Seafood Company. At least they're not intentionally trying to rip people off.This place was horrible,  food was Blane and the establishment was dirty.  Our server looked lost and confused.  They have me a pinch of lettuce for my quesadilla and a tiny amount of pico de gallo that consist of nothing but tomatoes and white onions, no flavor!!!  I'm so disappointed. Did I mention I had to pay for chips!!!! Never again!!The food us very fresh and tasty.  The service has been excellent and our server Stephanie is friendly and helpful.  We ordered the Mama's Nachos with arbol steak.  They were served with heaping scoops of homemade pico de gallo & creamy sour crean. We were given a sample of the soup of the day, shrimp, crayfish & lentil. Absolutely delicious. Mske sute you stop in when you are in the New Orleans area..We sit at the bar and bartender and manager Missy give great service. Their food is good. Unfortunately not consistent.Been to the one over on Magazine but I can honestly say that this one is a lot better. Food was a bit on the greasy side but it's to be expected when half of it is fried anyway. Chips and salsa were very good. No undercooked or burnt chips. Salsa wasn't spicy nor mild. Just right. The lunch combos are where it's at. Perfectly portioned meal at a great price. Not to mention that our server was absolutely wonderful. Made sure to check on us without being too overbearing.  My wife and I loved it and will be back.I have been to the Clearview location of Nacho Mamas only twice, but each time we have had a lovely time.  The food is delicious and there is lots of it.  I originally became acquainted with Nacho Mama's when it opened in the CBD.  It was a wonderful little restaurant that we enjoyed going to during lunch.  It is very much missed.  Sadly, there was a fire and it closed up and moved.  What a joy to see what hard work and determination can transpire into.  I see that there are some negative reviews, and each person has his/her own experiences.  So far ours have been positive.  The restaurant appears clean and the atmosphere fun; there is a lovely bar and the menu is delicious.  You can make this experience as cheap or as expensive as you would like since there is enough food to share with someone else or you can do like us and just go crazy when ordering.  Why did I give it four stars?  Because so far every time I have gone (two times), we have had a wonderful time and felt we have gotten our money's worth.  That's not always the case these days and there is no worst feeling (other than actual pain) than feeling like you've been robbed and been treated poorly by wait staff at the same time.  Shout out to Nacho Mamas:  "Keep working hard and never settle for 'good nuff'."I love Nacho Mama's uptown but I found myself outside of the city craving a burrito.  I did not know they had a second location, so when I came upon a second Nacho Mama's I was super stoked.  I eat there frequently and will continue to do so.  Shane, the owner, is one cool, New Orlean lovin' cat too!I rarely go to Mexican restaurants, so when I do, I want good food. I met a friend here from lunch the other day because my dog was at Petsmart. I'm glad I stopped by. I had forgotten how good the food is here. My friend had a nice salad with grilled fajita steak on top. The fajita steak itself was extremely well prepared, well seasoned and cooked to perfection. Fajita steak can often be tough, but this definitely was not. I had the sampler lunch platter that consists of beans and rice and three choices From a list of tacos, enchiladas, etc. I chose a beef taco, chicken  flauta and a Southwest eggroll. They were all tasty. As far as the restaurant decor, I can't say it's a an inviting place to eat, but it gets the job done. Remember, though, that if you are one of these people who likes to gorge on chips and salsa, they are not on the house at nacho mamas. You have to pay for them. Actually, it's probably a good thing for me because I usually fill up on chips before I get my lunch. One thing to know as well is that if you check in on Yelp you get 15% off of your entire check.So this place has gone to the birds and they don't even want it!! The employees are okay but the food is blah. The inside smelled bad, looked bad and when we left I felt glad, glad to get the he// out of that place. I had the fish tacos and the fish was sooo salty and yucky what a combination. Remind me again why I ate here for lunch, oh I remember my coworker paid. Since, I am on my yoga journey, I'll try to think only positive affirmations about this place. Here is one affirmation (positive criticism) GET IT TOGETHER OR THIS LOCATION WILL CLOSE SOON!!  Here are seven other  suggestions.
1. Employ a new chef
2. Employ a new chef
3. Employ a new chef
4. Clean this place
5. Clean this place
6. Clean this place
7. Get it togetherI've eaten here a couple of times. First things first, the chips and salsa are not complimentary. Yes, you must pay for them. Bummer for me. The food is OK but I enjoy trying different things but there is no combination platter here. I had the garlic shrimp taco which was delicious. The Mahi Mahi had a little too much fish on the taco for me. The rice has too much tomato for my liking. I would eat here again but I do prefer somewhere a little more authentic.Cheap beer during happy hour - didn't like the looks of the food coming out of the kitchen so didn't eat. Also, the place could use a thorough cleaning.The only reason this review is getting two stars is for the chips and queso. I got a chimichanga, which is my absolute favorite thing to get, so needless to say I've had them from many different places. This is by far probably the worst one I've ever ate. The amount of grease that was still in the burrito was absolutely disgusting, it's like they didn't let the grease drain out of it before they packaged it to go. I took one bite and threw it away.Pros: Great atmosphere with really friendly staff.   Food is always good with large portions for a great price.  
Cons: Change the name to "Nacho Mama's Tex Mex Grill" because this isn't real mexican food.   Adding tomato powder to rice doesn't  make it "mexican rice" nor does adding fries to beef make it a "California Burrito".Was a nice place to go for lunch! We had a mama's nacho plate with garlic lime shrimp and the beef and shrimp combo fajitas and they were delicious! You get a lot of food with your order and our server came to check up on us often. I would come here again for sure!The worst Mexican restaurant I've ever experienced. Starting with their house hot sauce sitting on each table. When you open it... gas shoots out letting you know that it's probably poisonous, the rotting smell of the gas coming out of the bottle should just give you an idea. The tacos are worst than Taco Bell, why? lettuce, rotten tomatoes, yellow plastic looking cheese and jalapeños on top do not make up a "traditional taco". And their meat is definitely expired, chewy, definitely frozen for decades and their rice is burnt. Food sucks all together, the waitresses should really wear longer shirts so their bellies don't pop out. The only good thing about this place was parking, there is plenty of space, but now I know why.... I'm only waiting to see what comes out of thisI LOVE Mexican food with a fiery passion but this place just didn't make the cut on my "must return" list. My dining companion and I had to make a tough choice between Nacho Mama's or the neighboring Chipotle restaurant and decided to give this place a try. 
Our server was a nice woman, a little awkward, but nice. I saw when I checked in on yelp that there was a 15% off coupon, so that was a pleasant surprise. We got our drinks and started off with the "choose 3 dips for $10" appetizer to start. We got the mango salsa, bean dip, and queso. Mango salsa and queso was ok but nothing special. The bean dip, however, was like watery bean soup. In fact, there weren't many beans actually IN the bean dip at all so we opted to not eat that one much. Then we ordered a half steak fajitas and the sweet and spicy BBQ jerk burrito as our entrees. It all certainly looked pleasing when it came out but everything was SO SALTY and I'm not one to complain about over seasoning because I love my food more seasoned than most. The weird thing is that even though we both got totally different entrees, we both had super salty food. I tasted his entree and he tasted mine and we both unanimously agreed that it all basically had been very over salted. I saw that some reviewers had previously complained about their food being "under flavored" and bland so perhaps they are over compensating by going to the extreme? We also ordered their habanera hot sauce (the spiciest according to the menu) on the side and that wasn't spicy at all. It was just watery and bland. However, our server gave me another hot sauce that wasn't on the menu that they were "trying out" and that had a pretty good flavor. 
Our server asked if we wanted refried or black beans with the burrito and my dining companion ordered refried beans and the same weird soupy bean stuff came out that we had experienced with the appetizer dip. So, apparently they are the same thing. My black beans were good though other than the fact it was super salty.
So it was weird because our food was so salty but yet their advertised house hot sauce was almost completely flavorless. My mouth was totally confused. 
We didn't have any margaritas (I needed a clear mind to perform some extremely productive Christmas shopping that day) but the table next to us were enjoying a pitcher and that looked pretty good. Perhaps they don't put salt in it so it's safe.
Maybe it was just bad luck in the kitchen that day but it was a shame that neither of us felt like we could enjoy our food much. I may come back eventually if I'm ever in the neighborhood and just in the mood for some nachos and a margarita. But that is a strong MAYBE.Seriously, the time for this restaurant has passed. As great as it was when it first opened is how terrible it is now. 2 stars is being very generous, I should give it a 1, but I'm sure their margaritas are still good. Since the daily specials are only during happy hour, I wasn't feeling generous with my terrible server to add anything extra to the bill. In the good ole days, daily specials were all day and you could always get 2 for 1 house margaritas from 4-6. It seems those days are gone since that's what the server told me. Trust me, they should be on special all the time to camouflage the food.
We ordered a queso and chips and it was not even worth eating. The chips come in a variety of colors which is the most intriguing part. Everything is just blah. When kids won't eat the queso, it's a problem. We also ordered a chimichanga. It was cheese with a few chunks of chicken and really nothing else. The rice looked like a sad plain rice that was brown, just plain rice. The refried beans were oddly spicy hot, otherwise not much flavor. 
As a bonus, in the middle of the meal, like 5 minutes after it was served, the server slapped the bill folder down on the table and never checked on us again. I will never go back. You shouldn't even go for a first time. Marginal food with terrible service makes it an easy skip with so many better options.If you are going to go to Nacho Mama's do yourself a favor and come to this location. I have been several times and have only disappointed once. My staple order is the California burrito and I love every gluttonous filled minute of it.  I have had the shrimp or fish tacos with the mango salsa and was pleased. 
The service is quick and average. 
The one bad experience I had was with a group (I normally go by myself or with one other person). We were seated at a dirty table, not checked on...the food was subpar...etc. I don't know what was going on that night. Unfortunately, I haven't been back since.I have been here several times, before I read the reviews, which are not that good.  Unfortunately I am inclined to agree, but the place was packed last night, so they must be doing something right?
The nachos looked great and were served quickly, BUT, the ground beef was terrible - ground way too fine and not a good taste, but the rest of the ingredients were good and we made quick work of them.
The waitress was a shy girl, but she did a satisfactory job.
I probably won't go back until they improve the food and provide free chips and salsa.In town for work and had a Sunday off, the game is on and the service is great. Food is okay, but if you're from Texas don't order the salsa- it's sweet not spicy, and yes you have to order chips and salsa.Exactly what it sounds like. Your mama would have taught you better than to treat people (customers) so poorly and then to top it off with terrible food. This place goes down as one of the bottom 3 in the worst restaurants I have ever interacted with...and unfortunately ended up ingesting and barely digesting their terrible food at the end. Stay away. Run far.Food is fast and fresh! Service varies. Drink specials everyday. I def recommend the redneck Rita which is made with jack Daniels honey instead of tequila! AmaaaaazingI have been a fan since they opened in the CBD years ago.  Current faves are the California Club Nachos and the Bug Jerk Burrito.  Get a Mexican Sunset Margarita and it's Siesta time.No more than average.  I wish I would have read the reviews before going here.  
Saturday evening around 6 PM.  Dining room was filled, so we waited at the bar.
Started with margaritas while waiting for a table.  $6 each and not good enough to get a second one.   No chips at the bar which I thought was a little chintzy.   I definitely should have read the reviews.  
Service was friendly and quick.  Of course, they have lots of time since there are no chips to serve at the table.  (I should have read the reviews!).  Tried the shrimpalada burrito, sounds delicious on the menu.  Lots of shrimp but bland, bland, bland.  The Crystal hot sauce helped a little, but really not the answer.  The refried beans and rice were good.  There is a problem when the beans and rice are better than the entree.  
Companion tried the steak and blue cheese wrap.  Nothing to write home about and certainly not a reason to go back.  
There are at least a dozen Mexican restaurants in the area that are better.Bbq pork burrito was so yummy! We were on oUr way to a movie, and waitress Toni was a doll and helped us get in and out quickly without compromising any quality of service. Will return!Good but not great, I would give the food four stars and the service two, the service just sucks there. I like the ambiance and environment but the servers all suck. They are very unattentive and aren't that friendly. Most of the time I get food to go from here just so I don't have to deal with the servers. Queso is okay but not great.I have been in love with Mexican cuisine for as long as I can remember. Every birthday I would ask for some type of Mexican dish. I don't have a favorite entree, I love it all. I stopped by this place after going to a movie. I became addicted to their Nachos. They are REALLY good. I've eaten here one time and didn't care too much for the decor or service but the food was on point so I just made my orders to go from then on. I'd recommend them for food to go.Went to meet my HUSBAND for lunch today we was sat down by our host she was nice 
(short blonde hair)!!!! Then our server came she asked us what we having to drink we told her... she came back with them and asked if we wanted appetizers? I nicely said no... she asked if we needed a few more minutes I told her yes...she then states her name which I don't remember....So she comes back we said we are ready so I start telling her our order including our daughters
( I ALWAYS JUST PLACE All 3 OF OUR ORDER ) never had an issue before I get to finish she looks at my Husband and says you want black beans or refried? I answered black so did he but my point is how you going to cut me off and I could of told you what my he wanted...! she brought our food out and we didnt see her again until I went to the bar to get change to leave her a tip bc I could of left nothing that was so rude of her to cut me off but I'm better than that and I will not let her ruin my day enjoy your $5 dollar tip I decided to leave you( The wife)!!! btw our bill was paid by his boss thanks boss man we appreciate you... the food was not great either my enchiladas had a mountain of cheese so did my husbands and daughter! There was a young man with
( a tan complexion) I dont know his name he gave me a straw bc I didn't see her he was nice and also asked if we needed anything else..? he seen me at the bar waiting for her to get me change he asked if I needed help? I said she is helping me thanks...TBH the girl behind the bar with the red shirt on had to tell her I was standing at the bar (THANK YOU FOR YOUR GENUINE SMILE)bc our waitress was behind the little wall I'm guessing where the fountain drinks are we didnt get any refills at all either!!my first experience here was aweful!!! i guess im spoiled because i believe that not much can compare to carretas grill.
the food was gross, the wait staff werent there.
however, my second visit there was the opposite. i eat the chicken or beef quesadilla. they arent the best, but far from the worst thing ive ever had.
bottom line, if i never go back, i wouldnt miss it.Just left. Sat for 15 minutes with zero service. Attempted to wave someone down to at least get our drink order. We finally just got up and left. Disappointing.First of all, let me say I've been a fan of Nacho Mama's since they opened in the CBD near Place St. Charles.  I don't get out to Elmwood that often since I'm one of those people who feel like I'm gonna get a nose bleed if I cross Canal Street.  However, I found myself in Elmwood two weekends in a row and stopped in for lunch.  The food was as good as I remembered.  But what really stood out was the service.  Our server, Angelique, really goes the extra mile.  She doesn't know us from a cake of soap, but she was friendly, helpful and good natured through a pretty stressful work shift.  Kudos on hiring someone who does a thankless job with grace, humor and as though it matters.  (You can tell I was impressed because I took the time to write down her name!)It was ok, the food was good, service was good. The only thing I didn't care for was that they seemed to be more interested in cleaning up to close than the quality of my dining experience. They were sweeping and mopping while i was still eating. Need to work on that.I don't know if it's because I've lived in Texas & California for too long, but when go to a Mexican restaurant  I expect to see MEXICANS in the kitchen. Just like when I go to a Chinese restaurant I expect to see Asians in the kitchen. So when I first noticed that there were absolutely no Mexicans on the staff,  that should have been my Que to leave. But I didn't. 
I Ordered the egg roles for the appetizer. The crust was WAYYY to hard for my liking. And the flavor was bland. Worst egg roles I ever had.  For the meal I figured that I couldn't go wrong the Mamas Nachos, after all, the place IS named "Nacho Mamas". Well, mamas nachos sucked pretty hard.  The ground beef was tasteless and for some reason didn't even smell like it had any sort of mexican seasoning in it. They left the nachos sitting out forever before they finally brought it to the table so our nachos were cold and that sucked. The cheese tasted horrible. I could have made better nachos at home with supplies from Walmart. The one star I gave this restaurant represents customer service, which is actually decent in this place.I ordered the beef enchiladas, which were terrible. The middle enchilada was as hard as a rock and inedible. The waitress comes over and I complained. She asks if they are "hard" (she may have already knew the problem).  I said yes. She asked if I wanted them "refired".  I said no.  Expecting perhaps a discount or the meal taken off the bill, I was charged full price! I recommend people stay away from this dump!A margarita is what we needed after a busy morning of Christmas shopping on a Saturday afternoon. It took a few minutes for someone to greet us. So we went to the bar for drinks first. The bar tender was ready to take our order and made it promptly. Then we found a great spot on the patio and Our server was very friendly and attentive. For food we had nachos and a taco salad. I do think  there was a lot of meat on the salad and on the nachos compared to most Mexican places.  Can't complain about that! Overall a good experience.The food and service was good. Not a fan of the atmosphere. Space was a little tight and the chips,salsa, cheese, and guacamole weren't fresh to me seems like it was bought pre made.This is my second time here.  First time? 5 stars top to bottom.  This was the WORST meal.  I had the $2 tacos, granted it was a happy hr special, but everything was so over salted you couldn't taste anything.
My wife had fajitas.  Shrimp and Steak.  Steak was cooked beyond recognition and the shrimp were also so over salted it burned your tongue. 
Bar tender never asked if everything was good, just want another drink?  Soft corn tacos took an extra 10 mins to arrive after her fajitas were served.  She also made us feel completely rushed.
Highly doubtful we'll be back.I am very impressed with the food; fresh ingredients and wonderful flavor.  
Best Mexican food i have had in a while and I'm from LA.It is so unfortunate that such tasty food can be so unenjoyable due to such terrible service.
We happily waited for a table, and when our party of four was seated, we waited at least 20 minutes to be greeted by a server. A bar tender eventually came to take our drink orders. They took a little while even though we only ordered soft drinks/water. We also had to remind someone that one of the orders was missing.
We ordered an appetizer from the bartender at the same time - just chips and dip. We waited about ten minutes. The queso and chips were nice and warm, the guac tasted fresh, and the mango salsa was good, too.
It would have been nice to have received silverware, napkins, and plates at this point, but we made do without. Eventually, someone brought us one silverware roll... Then another. At this point, we're laughing because... What the heck? Finally, we receive the last two rolls of silverware. We never received separate plates for the appetizer. Not a big deal to us, but usually standard in case anyone has a problem with double dipping.
Now for our entree order. We had a Mexican pizza, a plate of three tacos, a quesadilla, and chicken and Portobello mushroom fajitas. Another wait. We're super chill about it all.
Food comes out. We've got the Mexican pizza, the quesadilla, tacos, and all the fixins for fajitas, but no fajitas. We wait a couple minutes. The three lucky eaters began, not realizing that the stuff in front of our friend wasn't her main dish, but once we do, we share a few bites. Finally, our friend points out to our server that she doesn't have her meal. He clearly did NOT realize, which means he really didn't check his table to see if everything was correct. When it finally came out, the plate had steak instead of chicken. Our friend politely pointed that out and asked if she could just get some fajita chicken brought out. She didn't want the plate to be taken bc she was quite hungry at this point. Another wait. 10 minutes go by. The rest of our table has finished our meals. I start looking around for a manager. I get up and stand at the bar. It still took a couple minutes to make eye contact with staff. There were 5-6 employees very nearby - all with their backs turned towards me, looking through the kitchen window. One employee saw me waiting at the bar but did not venture to ask if he could help. Once I got someone's attention, I was able to ask for the chicken. It came out a few minutes later.
A few other things. A couple of people tried the steak fajitas since it was there. The steak was burnt. My partner even likes a little char, but even he thought it was pretty terrible. The Mexican pizza was good, but stuck to the pan. We managed with a knife and some determination. Think about trying to eat a Mexican pizza without the bottom hard shell layer. It doesn't work. This is pretty basic food service logic. The customer should not have to work that hard to eat the food. Other than that, the black beans were salted to hell and back. The rest of the food was tasty.
In between finishing ¾ of the food and still waiting on the chicken, the hostess came back to offer us the utensils she must have forgotten at the start. We laughed aloud. Did she expect us not to have gotten food after all that time?
Our waiter apologized multiple times. He said it was busy, he was taking care of another, large table. It's Mardi Gras season. He was very sincere in his apology and very nice. I've been in his shoes before. He may need a little extra training in things like checking the table/order and consolidating steps. I gave him some feedback concerning the problem with the chicken as nicely as I could, but I truly felt he needed to hear it since that was a really bad experience.
The manager heard the conversation and came up to ask about it. I told him about the same thing with a couple of extras, like about the black beans and pizza stuck to the pan. He was also apologetic and used the same reasoning (busy, Mardi Gras, etc). Now, it's not like they weren't busy, but there were a few empty tables by that time. This part of the city didn't have a lot going on in the area at that time. Honestly, at some point, a manager has to just say, "We need to do better." He did offer a gift card since we'd already paid. I told him that it should go to my friend since she's the one who waited for her food for so long. Plus, I live in Houston now and will not be back to this establishment.The NOLA nachos are to die for. I had then a couple times before. But this particular time, seems like they over compensated on the heat. The cheese was overcooked and the nachos were slightly stale. I think it was from the heat. Otherwise, it's a great place for Tex-Mex. Margaritas are pretty good too. But if you're a real margarita drinker, stay away from the "house" margaritas. It's on the tap.Love it. I got a quesadilla. But dont get arbol steak because I couldn't even eat it, it was so spicy. Just get chickenPicked up a Catering order and everything was delicious!! The food was ready on time!!  Staff did an amazing job making sure I had all of my order before leaving!!!  Everyone enjoyed their food!!!This was my first time and I take into account that my tastebuds are confused due to the change in climate in New Orleans. The staff is very friendly; they provide quick service and response to customer needs. There are just a few things to nitpick. One is a big no-no: my plate was not fully clean. I'm not sure if it was a dishwasher's issue or just a rushed job, but there was a spec of leftover sauce on the plate. I won't lie, it made me uneasy to eat my meal-- which by the way, was the chicken quesadilla with pico de gallo. They charge by what you decide to include in your quesadilla so be very selective of what you want. I only wanted chicken and peppers but it was about $3 to put those ingredients in; let me just say, I expected it to be more full than it actually was. I tasted a lot of cheese and onions rather than the chicken. What I appreciated about this place was the fact that you can take your food AND DRINK to go. That's not allowed in many places but that alone makes me want to visit again when in the neighborhood. It's a very casual place so come comfortable!This is my second time here.  First time? 5 stars top to bottom.  This was the WORST meal.  I had the $2 tacos, granted it was a happy hr special, but everything was so over salted you couldn't taste anything.
My wife had fajitas.  Shrimp and Steak.  Steak was cooked beyond recognition and the shrimp were also so over salted it burned your tongue. 
Bar tender never asked if everything was good, just want another drink?  Soft corn tacos took an extra 10 mins to arrive after her fajitas were served.  She also made us feel completely rushed.
Highly doubtful we'll be back.Where do I begin. The service was fine. Pleasant and helpful. Although The host was not personable nor spoke above a whisper. Never made eye contact and sat is at a table in a small room next to a family of screaming toddlers and was playing loud videos on their phones. Chips and salsa are not automatically brought to the table. You have to order and pay for it. We ordered the combo 3 chips and dips, queso, pico, and guac. The queso was sour, the quack was just plain mashed avocado, no seasoning or spices. The pico was about 2 tbsp of actual vegetables and the rest of the 6oz ramekin was juice, all for &10.00, no salsa included. I ordered the combo fajitas, shrimp and steak for $17.00 and my husband ordered chicken fajitas for $15.00. We were charged $4.00 more for beans and rice which was listed as included on the menu. The portions were very small. The shrimp were large and the plate of shredded cheese, but the begs were sliced extremely thin and swimming in grease. The shrimp was fishy and the beef had a taste that seemed like it was bad meat. All of it was very greasy. It could have been the seasoning on the beef, but if that's the case, who wants to eat that? The chicken was dry and chewy, but we tried to make the best of a bad situation. I ate 3 pieces of shrimp and when I tried the beef, it turned my stomach and essentially ruined the meal for good. My husband said that he thought it may be the seasoning. I am a travel nurse and I travel all over the country. Mexican food is my favorite ethnic food. I have eaten Mexican food from Arizona to Maryland and everywhere in between. Very rarely does seasoning, peppers, or marinade turn us off to the food. We are not fans and will never be back. The whole experience was a waste of $60.00.I was gifted some additional bug protein in my frozen margarita. Called to report that I had 3 in my drink and was told all managers were busy and still haven't heard back from anyone about this incident.Ooooo bad choice on us, especially with chipotle right next door. Figured we would give a local place a chance. Despite the fact it was a Saturday night and it was barely occupied. Our first sign! Anyway, the food was definitely old! From the egg rolls that seemed fried twice to the tortilla on my burrito and to the side of rice was that hard crunchy "throw me out" texture. Also got the tortilla soup and that was SO SALTY omg! I love my salt but that had to be an accidental triple salt pour when they made it because it was unbearable. Sorry chipotle! We will make sure to hit you up next time instead.The food was just ok. Got the queso and a shrimp quesadilla. All of the food was very salty. The rice was dry and just not very good. Even the queso wasn't good, and it's hard to make melted cheese bad! The service was good. Probably won't be back.I've always come here when we went to Elwood. I've never had a problem with server even at busy times. Staff is very friendly. I'd recommend you visit Nacho MamadThe food used to be really good. Now it's just "meh." I mean, I'll take it, so it's not that bad, but it's a little sloppy. I'm not looking for the best presentation, but I feel like they just throw the food on the plate and say "f* it." My last visit was when my server was basically sauntering around. One of the cooks (his boyfriend/lover/fling/work husband... whatever) came out and was legit feeling this guy up and went right back to food handling.I told the waitress ,Hailey, I would like a water with lemon. She brought the water out without lemon. No biggie right? Ok so I mentioned to her again about the lemon. She comes and goes past my table about three times to deal other customers still no lemon. A guy passed by asking if anyone needed anything I saw him pass out some to go boxes. He asked if I needed anything. I asked for lemon again. Nothing. Went to the bar to get the lemon. Ok, then as I'm eating my two overly greasy gummy cheese enchiladas trying not to get too much cheese in my mouth at once for fear of it not breaking off and choking on it I noticed my third enchilada (bean) was not there. I tell Hailey I'm missing my bean enchilada. I had her just box it up in a to go box. I'll post a pic of the pathetic bean enchilada I was given. I added it on top the greasy gummy mass of left overs. I'll stick with El PasoI come here pretty regular because it is close to my office.   I usually get the Sante Fe salad with chicken.   Every time it's slightly different.  Size & seasoning of chicken(today hardly any & chopped fine). Amount of tomato & avocado.   Today there was an abundance of black beans.
I'm sitting outside today since the weather is so nice.   Service is non-existent.   I would love some more ice- tea.Gotta love some nachos-as-an-entree. Our food was good, drinks were tasty and service was good. The Sunday drink special was $4 mimosas, bloody mary or bloody maria, which was a pleasant surprise. I hit up the one in Elmwood before a movie-- seems like there's lots of good spots to grab a bite out there these days, but if you're in the mood for some Mexican or some happy hour drinks, this is a good bet.Dragged here again by friends against my will. The food wasn't bad, but the waitress had a bad attitude. Hopefully it was just an off day, or maybe another table was giving her a hard time.Good food, great portions and friendly service. Don't miss out on the house Margaritas!We ate here on a weekday and it was pretty quiet.  We were seated quickly and our food was served quickly as well.  We ordered the fajita platter and shared it.  There was more than enough for two people and we still had leftovers. The food was well cooked and flavorful. I thought the vegetables were overdone and a little oily but other than that the meal was fine.  The server was attentive but not overly pushy.The two stars are rather charitable.  You pretty much have to flip me the bird to get one star, so we narrowly avoided that.  There was a cascade of misfortune on this visit.  There was tacky decor and kind of a lame atmosphere but that could be overlooked.  The problems all started when we checked in on Yelp and saw a 15 percent off offer.  We showed it to our server right away to prevent any billing complications for her and she acted like this discount was a big issue.  She took my phone to her manager to come back in a few minutes dutifully inform us that her manager "had agreed to honor our coupon".  I wanted to say, uh hu.  No kidding?  I mean, they created the offer, right?  I didn't really even care about the 15 percent, I would have added it to her tip anyway. 
Maybe our waitress was having a bad day or feeling a bit overwhelmed because in passing our drinks I don't think she even stopped her forward motion while serving us.  She slid our fajita plates to us like a discus champion rehearsing on Mount Olympus. That statement isn't as much of an exaggeration as it should be. 
As an appetizer we ordered the chips with queso, guacamole and salsa.  As you will see in my picture, they are the multi-colored chips from the 90's TGI Friday and about as stale as if they were in fact that old.  The queso was good though, in fact, my favorite part of the meal. The chips below the top 10 were completely broken and crumbled.  My girlfriend didn't let me take a picture of my handful of crumbs. She is very polite and wonderful. I am of course a lumbering brute and I occasionally need such lessons in manners.
Our entree was the $20 fajitas for two.  The portion was small for two people and the beef was in long uncut strands about 7" across.  I think there were two of them.  Did they forget to cut them?  The chicken was cut. Hmmm.  The dish of sour cream, guacamole and pico was despicably small, even for one person.  I emphasize, this was for two.  I asked if the rice and beans were on the way and our waitress told me we didn't order it.  So, I asked why we weren't offered it and she said it was an extra $2.  At this point I argued and asked why I should have to pay $2 more dollars for that?  I don't think I have ever ordered fajitas, much less a small portion for $20 with 5 tortillas that didn't at least have rice and beans.  She wouldn't budge and just told us she didn't make the menu.  
So, I constructed my first fajita and took a bite.  In slides the bill under my elbows.  /sigh.
Oh yea, almost forgot.  The 15 percent Yelp discount issue wasn't over yet.  We had to go through several billing versions to get that rocking.Love coming here for a quick lunch. The wait isn't too long, the food is good and margaritas are tasty. There are always specials for the margaritas. It's a nice calm environment.I was really wanting this to be very good if not great. Really disappointed. 
The service was good and the restaurant has a nice vibe to it but the food lacked something. 
I ordered the cheesy beef burrito because I wanted to try something different from the normal red sauce topped Mexican food. The burrito was crispy but the entire filling lacked flavor, seasoning,  something. It was just bland.   Even some store bought taco seasoning added to the beef would have helped.
Sorry,  probably won't be back.I went to dinner tonight and the service was an abortion from the start. I believe Sherry? was the servers name. She looked as though she despised her job with a passion and did not want to be there at all. She rudely/quickly took our order and then brought the chips and salsa we ordered. She slammed them on the table. My mother said THANK YOU pretty loudly without an acknowledgement from her. The food (mediocre at best) was brought out and she did not come to check on the table once. It's safe to say she did not receive even a penny for a tip and I will not be back. There are a plethora of greater alternative Mexican restaurants in Metairie/Kenner where you can spend your hard earned money.I get sick every time I eat here. Like, within 10 mins. The food is insanely greasy. It has good flavor, though. Just be preparedFirst off the waitstaff service was unbelievably friendly and helpful. A plus service. Happy Hour is 3-6pm so I partook in 2 for 1 house margaritas. Yum! Chips are not complimentary but are $2 on the menu. They have a build your own quesidella with many selections. Mine was good. I checked in on Yelp and got 15% off my order. Score!Okay being a former resident of Texas Mexican restaurants have a lot to live up to and regretfully nacho mamas fell way short. The margaritas were great but you could tell it was from a machine. I ordered the guacamole-please take this off  your menu until you learn how to make it, this tasted like something from a can no flavor just purée avacado, I had to add all of the pico de gello  to give it any texture and flavor. The white queso looked great but soon jelled to a hard unscoopable mess. The waiter first tried delivering the wrong order for my friend so she had to wait even longer for her food. I have also never not even in Europe had to pay for chips and salsa they are free and immediately brought to the table as you sit down butt not at nacho mama's get real here!  Otherwise than for drinks I won't be backI'm learning that when I'm craving enchiladas I NEED to stick to what I know. I decided to try out Nacho Mamas because it was cheap and close to where I was.
I can on a Wednesday afternoon, and it wasn't busy. I was promptly seated by the hostess who was super sweet. Her smile and demeanor was cheerful. She even have me ease my mind about my cranky infant (baby had just came from the doctor). Also, my server was awesome and attentive. He was mellow, but like the hostess, he was sweet and cheery.
Oddly enough,  with the great people,  I thought that the food was going to be great. Unfortunately, this wasn't the case. The southwestern egg rolls were decent, and the pepper jelly was a nice complement to the rolls. I ordered the cheese enchiladas with rice and black beans. The enchiladas were ridiculously cheesy. There was a palm full of cheese that wasn't attached to the enchiladas. It was a lot of cheese and bland sauce. I was not pleased. My rice was undercooked and under seasoned. The black beans lack flavor. The whole plate looked great, but the food was not good. Everything was lacking except the sangria that I had. The sangria was nice and refreshing.
Overall, the actual food is a solid 2 stars, but the server and hostess made the experience so  much better. I'm not sure if I'll return to try anything else. Maybe for a sangria...Usually I have great experiences at this location; however today I received nachos with about 10 chips total and the outer skin of an avocado in my gua.Hopefully today was just a bad day at the restaurantWe were just in the area and were craving for Mexican food. The atmosphere was quite nice. The hostess was very friendly. As soon as we sat down, as true yelpers, we checked in right away. We saw that there was a check in offer of 15% off the entire check, so we showed our server. Then it begins.....
She immediately gave us attitude like we just offended her. She told us that she needed to ask her manager and just stormed out from our table. She came back with an attitude and said its ok to use the checkin coupon.  Then, we ordered Pick 3 chips and salsa thing: pick 3 items from the dips for $10, and the mixed grilled fajitas: 3 kinds of meats for $20 and the menu said it can be shared for 2. When we ordered, the server would just asked "what meat you are choosing?!" In an offensive way. 
The Pick 3 dips and chips is a pretty good idea (see picture) but when the fajitas came, we were a little surprised by the portion (see picture as well).
There were about 6 tortilla, 5 slices of steaks, 5 shrimps and 4 slices of chicken on top of a medium side sizzling plate. The condiment plate was a joke: 5 pieces of jalapeño, one table spoon of everything. So we were asking the server if it also comes with rice and beans like other places, she then once again replied with attitude, "it's gonna be an extra $2". We didn't mind paying extra at all but why this was not suggested to us. This plate is not meant to be shared. We kindly told her about what we thought and all she said was its not her fault and that if we ordered more, we would get the things we want... (Yes, true story)
When we almost finished, she realized that my drink glass had a crack on it, which I didn't notice, so she kindly changed it for me. I appreciated so much.  Later on, i saw that the 15% off coupon was not taken off from the check, I was trying asked about it. She stopped and gave me a look like "what now?!" And after I told her about the coupon, she said, "when you ready to pay, I will need to ask my manager to take the discount off, then I will present you with the second check because I have no authority to take off anything!' So I said I am ready to pay since she dropped the check off before we finished eating, she stormed off with the check and few minutes later "present" me with the second check.
Anyway, I just have to say that sorry, Nacho Mama's, we won't be coming back...We just tried to get a table and was notified that they were closed for the evening. It's 9:23 and posted time of closing is 10pm, and we weren't the only group trying to get a table.  After reading the website we noticed that they do in fact close at 9, however there are no hours posted on the building and all business listings online, except for their website, say 10pm.I really like the nachos the order is huge I can never eat the entire thing, the prices are decent. The staff is ok, sometimes the staff seems preoccupied with something else other than customer satisfaction. Had a bloody Mary from the bar was really good loaded with okra and olives. Kid gets the shrimp tacos all the time they aren't bad, hubby gets fajitas and they both taste really good, tacos have nice amount of shrimp, fajitas come with plenty of meat and veggies. Place is clean in dining room, bathrooms are always nice. Lots of free parking in the lot its located in a strip mall.I'm updating my review because I was so upset by my last visit. Our waiter was super sweet but the food was awful. Awful enough to make me NEVER go back. I don't know if they have new owners or what. But I ordered Carla's Chimichanga, which is always really good. But the inside was ice cold, almost frozen. So I was either eating an frozen chimichanga or one from the day before. So I told them the issue, they sent it back. Took awhile, I was already starved at this point, and my friend was more than halfway done her meal. So my new chimichanga comes out. I cut into it and yet again the chicken and cheese are icey. At that point I told my waiter I don't want it anymore. I've had lost my appetite. Save your money and go eat at a restaurant that makes fresh food.Usually I have great experiences at this location; however today I received nachos with about 10 chips total and the outer skin of an avocado in my gua.Hopefully today was just a bad day at the restaurant .
Update: I went today to give the nachos another shot. Me and my coworkers were pleasantly surprised, everything was great and full.
New review - 
Haven't been to the location in a while due to bad meals and service. I ordered a taco salad to go. Literally it was just cheese and chicken.  The lettuce that was given to me was hard. They literally cut the hard part and put all of it in my taco salad. I also didn't receive salad dressing . I noticed this when I arrived home. Unfortunately , I couldn't go back and get a refund. Waste of 11 bucks . I won't be back.First timer there for lunch today! Service was excellent and the food was fast and fresh on a busy Cinco de Mayo. Had chips with salsa and queso (we swirled them together) and the mini chimis appetizer as entree. My lunch companion had entree sized beef chimi and we both left with go boxes. Will definitely go back!Arrived Monday night @ 8:45. 
The service: Unlike the reviewer 30 days ago who gave this place four stars, we got horrible service initially. The hostess was non-existent for the first few minutes, but eventually did return and gave us a good table (that I had to steer her to). The waitress recited her intro without making any eye contact and was so much in a hurry that we felt we were burdening her with our presence. She spoke fast and her mind was clearly elsewhere. At the end she laughed while delivering the check while simultaneously looking back towards the bar, perhaps in reaction to a joke made by a fellow server or cook. We were not her priority. From my casual observation, though, no other staff member distinguished themselves, either. Except for the hostess, the visible staff acted more like partying customers instead of responsible employees. This includes the cook, who had poked his head through the food service window so as not to miss any of the fun.
The food:
The green monster burrito might sound appealing to anyone wanting to forgo meat at a meal, but don't be deceived. It was indeed large, but very watery from vegetables not being properly drained before assembly. The spinach wrap was on the verge of being stale and was not grilled or otherwise prepared before being used. The cheese and black beans were fair. The rice was hot (how could it not be, given that the plate was 1,000,000° ?) but seemed to have been sitting for some time prior to being ordered. The spicy chicken soup was spicy, as advertised, if unusually presented: soup on one side and chicken/tortilla strips on the other. It was salty but OK. The only highlight was the Negra Modelo on tap. 
Bottom line: Nacho Mama's is a restaurant that presumably survives due to alcohol sales. The service is unprofessional and the overpriced food is mediocre at best. It is the worst restaurant we've tried in Harahan, worse even than Copeland's, which coincidentally is directly across the street.Please note Tex-Mex is my favorite food group and I am particularly rough on reviews of such establishments.
That stated Nacho Mama's is good food and very reasonably priced. It's also family (kid) friendly. I enjoy the outside seating with the weather is not too hot and enjoying some margaritas and nachos.
Never had bad service even when the place was packed.
As for the menu it's fairly standard Tex-Mex affair.  They even have build you me own options, which should be able to accommodate the picky.
If you are in Harahan looking for a good quick meal, this place will make it happen.This place is horrible. My friend order a burrito and it was obviously microwaved. I ordered the California Burrito and it was pretty disgusting. The Spanish Rice inside the California Burrito tasted like a moldy dish towel. Would not recommend me this place to my enemy.Better food at Taco Bell. I couldn't finish half my meal. Tomatillo sauce tasted like minced raw garlic from a can.TRASH. The food is terrible, the chips and salsa were even worse. I was not impressed at all. The restaurant could also use some sprucing up. I came in on my lunch break to give it a try and it was a poor decision. Service was good but the food was not. The chips were very stale and it was obvious that they were sitting under a lamp. The salsa had no salt and was not flavorful at all. Would not come back!I visited the bar today to have a frozen drink. My initial visit was amazing! The bar tender (a red head lady - I couldn't see a name tag - but my receipt reads CELESTE) greeted me. I asked for a pina colada frozen. I didn't want it watery so I asked that she keep the drink as frozen as she could. After a few comments about me needed a spoon for my drink, she nonchalantly made it. Upon receiving my drink, I noticed that it was a bit liquidity. I asked if she could add more ice and a bit more of the pina colada flavoring, she slammed down the cup, splashing mix on the counter and me! I stayed calm, and just stared in total disbelief. She mixed the drink again, making several thoughtless comments. she returned, slamming everything, dumping everything, and was just pretty much RUDE! At that point, I no longer wanted my drink. I told her I would pay for the longer island, that my guest ordered, but I didn't not want my drink. Needless to say, I won't be visiting this location for a while!We started with a pitcher of the top shelf margaritas. Mango salsa was awesome! Doritos all-around were yummy! And The green goddess burrito was huge and delicious and guacamole serving was delicious and large. Britney was not a bitch and was very helpful and helped us drink and have fun.The service was minimal. Not necessarily welcoming but not bad. My partner and I ordered the 'Mama steak nachos'. We received them in a good timing but upon tasting, we discovered they were nasty and dry. The cheese was obviously cold and everything tasted cheap. I did not enjoy. The seats were dirty upon seating. I overall do not recommend and will not be going back.I had the Small Baby Mamma Nachos ( I think that is the correct names :-) with beef and adding guacamole and it was good. 
The location can be hard to find within the plaza but on the opposite side is the New Orleans Burger Restaurant on the left side of the street however if you pass the Buffalo Wild Wings on the left side of the street you have passed this place.
Enjoy.I came here because I wanted to order the BBQ chicken pizza last time, but I didn't. So I came back to order it, and it was really delicious! It was more filling than I thought. I also ordered the buffalo chicken wrap (since it comes with a salad) and I figured I could take home both some
Of the pizza and the wrap. The wrap was extremely salty. Or maybe it was smothered in too much of the sauce? I even let my boyfriend try it to make sure I wasn't crazy... and he said the same thing. It was more like you were just drinking buffalo sauce with parts in it. I thought maybe they would just put the buffalo sauce on the wrap and add the friend chicken and veggies that came with it so you could still individually taste everything.... so I wound up just finishing the pizza! (Which I don't have a photo for! SO YUMMY!) I would still come back here. The prices are affordable and I've never had this happen here before so maybe it was just...ones of those days!I decided to place a WAITR order here today, because I am getting over a cold and have nothing good to eat at home.  After my Nacho Mama delivery, I still don't have anything good to eat! I ordered the Lunchachilada with chicken.  Didn't get any chicken for one thing.  And it didn't taste fresh.  Just kind of a blob.  The rice and beans were tasteless and canned tasting too.  I would have forgiven that since I am not a huge fan of rice and beans at Mexican restaurants.  But c'mon.  What's with that enchilada?  I got a side salad with it, but I haven't touched it yet.  I really wanted a hot fresh enchilada.  $24 wasted! And this isn't the only bad experience I've had at Nacho Mama.  I've gotten sick on their Agua Fresca fruit drink.  I think it was old.  And the food was OK, not great.  But today was BLECK!These nachos have entirely TO MUCH cheese ( something I never thought I'd say) it made it very difficult to eat and the chips are a greasy soggy rubbery blob.... not my favorite at all 
The waitress was sweet and when I explained my concerns she went to talk to the manager about taking the nachos off our bill. At least someone here has good customer service! That brought this place up a star.I've been going here for years and. For some reason never bothered to review. Just left with a full happy belly. Service is friendly without being in your face. They work well together as a team. Drinks were well poured and reasonably priced. Got the combo fajitas and the boys got tacos. Good food, filling and good for families or a quick work bite. I try and stop in whenever I'm in the hood.The only thing worse than the service was the food. My friend and I stopped by Nacho Mama in Elmwood for a late dinner on a not busy Monday night because I was in the mood for Mexican. We ordered chips and dip which was tortilla chips, pico, queso and guacamole. Each of these were ok nothing special but the standard. The surprise came when my friend ordered quesadillas, on the menu there is a picture of a quesadilla complete with sour cream, pico and all the fixings you'd usually associate with quesadillas what she got was a flour tortilla folded in half with a bit of steak and cheese and a handful of wilted shredded iceberg lettuce I'm not sure if this was decoration or what. When she questioned our waitress we were told you have to order sour cream or salsa nothing comes with the quesadilla. So she did. I got the 2 tacos which came with black beans and Spanish rice. The beans were good but the rice was undercooked and seemed to be mixed with ketchup. I got the steak hard taco which was stale and the steak though tender had a weird sweet taste which my friend also reported with the steak quesadilla and the grilled baja style taco which was 3 tasty shrimp and a glob of shredded red cabbage which was mixed with what tasted like coleslaw dressing which resulted in a strange sweet mess of pink slaw on again a stale corn tortilla though this one was soft. After waiting 10 minutes my friend still hadn't gotten the accoutrements she ordered finally the waitress returned to say she forgot and to ask if did she still want the salsa and sour cream which given the look of the quesadillas could use all the help they could get. The watermelon margaritas were good and that really was the only bright spot. This seems to be a better place to drink than to eat.In the French quarter you can have anything your little heart desires. Today mine wanted quesadillas, but here at Nacho Mamas's it was satisfied with a different flavor. Today I tried the shrimp quesadilla with a side of the guacamole and pico de gallo which was so delicious to my palette. My compadres partook of the mama nacho and itsalotta enchiladas, both were also satisfied as well!There was nothing remotely fresh about the food, it all tasted like warmed up leftovers from who knows when it was actually made.  Seemed to take awhile to get our food that wasn't even all that warm. 
Found it a little concerning our waitress was standing around at the bar doing shots in between service. Assumed in that kind of atmosphere it happens just not sure how appropriate it is when dealing with families with children.Today was by far our worst experience at this restaurant.  The a/c was broken, the service was horrible and the food was subpar.  We ordered southwestern egg rolls which hardly had any filling and the "pepper jelly" dip was like liquid grease.  I asked the server about it and all she did was bring us another cup of it!  For our meal we had two fajita plates.  One had burned onions and peppers and the other had the rice and beans poured on top of the meat and veggies!  This visit was an overall disappointment.This is your pretty standard Mexican spot. I'm a fan of their build your own quesadilla. I enjoy getting to choose from several options of what to add into my warm grilled quesadilla. I go with the spinach, chicken and grilled onions. While I've never been either let down nor overly impressed by this location, tonight there was one little hiccup in our dining experience. Some of my dinner mates saw a small mouse scurry across the dining area. We were finished eating and about to leave, so we let the hostess know. She seemed ready to take some action. I know these things happen and I will give them another try, but it will be a little while before I'm back at this location.Had heard great things about this place but was disappointed that they didn't take the 15% check in offer because it was a holiday. There was no mention of this on the check in offer.
Service was slow. Food was pretty good, not great. Was really digging the mango guac. Would've loved refills on the chips for the pick three dip and chips but again, service was slow or gone. Ordered the Mama's mixed grill fajitas which easily filled three young petite adults.
Overall, pretty good place for groups. Wouldn't come back again. Nothing seemed unique or great. Could have done at home with ease. They dont even have cotija cheese!Literally my favorite restaurant with the best waiter ever..Matt is such a sweet guy and every time I come here he puts a smile on my face..also same goes for Cindy. I totally love them!Usually I have great experiences at this location; however today I received nachos with about 10 chips total and the outer skin of an avocado in my gua.Hopefully today was just a bad day at the restaurant .
Update: I went today to give the nachos another shot. Me and my coworkers were pleasantly surprised, everything was great and full.This is a great place in Harahan for laid back dinner. It had very good drink specials and the Super Steak Burrito was very good. Service was a little slow, but very friendly. Only thing was it was weird being charged for chips and salsa.Clearly, I'm the luckiest person in town because I've been twice and each time was outstanding. First, I love nachos. BUT I never get nachos in a restaurant because why order something that you got for free (chips and salsa)? I actually LOVE that you have to ask for a pay for the chips and salsa here because it cuts down on what I'm tossing down my gullet AND frees me up for nachos. I also have no problem paying for the food I'm eating at a restaurant. 
First time, after a shopping marathon with my cousin. The sky grew dark and we needed drinks. We each ordered a large margarita and the waitress helpfully mentioned that on Mondays the pitcher is the same price as the large. "OH! We'll take THAT!" We also got the chips and three different dips - queso, guac and mango salsa. Happily, the waitress continued to bring chip refills to our table as the pitcher(s) of margaritas caught up with us. I think we ate actual meals (?) but she was delightful while we sobered up. I think our whole bill was maybe $50 and I know we sat there for at least 3 hours, and were never ignored or dismissed. 
My husband asked a few days ago if I wanted to go to Nacho Mama's and I said YES! We had a super time and loved everything. Aside from the gloomy hostess (but, to be fair, it's every teenaged girl's job to sulk and look miserable, and hostessing seems to be the job for teenaged girls) every person who came to our table (waitress and food runners) was delightful. 
We got the Southwest Eggrolls to start - here they're vegetarian, and that's rare. My husband had an illustrious career at Chili's throughout undergrad, and theirs have chicken. I don't know if it was nostalgia, but these SW Eggrolls were perfect. Cheesy, crispy, spicy, gooey. We got the pepper jelly and chipotle ranch sauces - I liked the jelly and he liked the ranch. There was a small charge for getting both but, again, that;'s okay. You don't have to feed me for free - you're not my actual Mama. 
He got the big nachos with garlic lime shrimp. I got the two taco plate with a garlic shrimp taco and panko catfish taco. When asked if I wanted refried or black beans, I asked which was vegetarian and the waitress said "both. All of our beans are vegetarian" and I rejoiced! The Spanish rice was nothing to write home about (but it never is, anywhere) and the beans were great. The shrimp taco was outstanding - flavorful and sweet - but the panko catfish had seen better days. Just a little override and the meat was dry dry dry. But with every other amazing thing we'd had, I was plenty full and didn't really care - I'd just avoid this one in the future. And my husband ate every single nacho on his plate. Seriously. 
So, I don't know if they're under new management or what or if I'm just hitting them at great times or if there's some unspoken radar for anyone who was or is a Mexican restaurant employee to be good to each other, but I love Nacho Mama's and will keep going until my luck runs out.I love Mexican food 24/7 and I'd come here for every meal ever! Their chips & dip are my absolute favorite and the fajitas and quesadillas are to die for. Amazing!We were pleasantly surprised by nacho mama's. We came here before going to the movies and only had a short amount of time to eat lunch before running over there. The service was very prompt and friendly and we were able to squeeze in lunch without worrying about missing the movie. Overall we enjoyed it. We got the guac appetizer which was a generous serving for $5. We both got Taco plates as our entree. I got the plain ol ground beef tacos with rice and black beans. My husband got a fried shrimp and a jerk chicken with rice and refried beans. My tacos were very simple and tasted like something I could have made at home, but still satisfying. The rice was really tasty, and the black beans were just okay. We both decided the refried beans were much tastier than the black beans. My husband I think was surprised by how much he enjoyed his tacos because his expectations were pretty low. The ambiance inside was fine, just what you would expect from a strip mall mexi place. They have a lunch price menu every day of the week so we paid a very fair price for the amount of food we got. Also bonus if you check in on Yelp you get a 15% off coupon. 
I will have to come back to try the nachos, they had about 6 different varieties.I've been here 2 times before and I was always mutual about the food. There are much better choices but I like to give  places a few chances before writing them off. 
Today was just horrible tbh. It took 8mins( yes I timed) for the Server to get to my table. 
No they were not busy or short handed. They had 9 tables in the restaurant with people at them. 
The food, I was alway indifferent but it's kind of hard to mess up nachos. 
I got the nacho sampler starter. It was alright, nothing great but not bad. 
My "super steak burrito" had about 28 jalapeños. Why???  It's not a huge burrito to begin with so it would be like 5 jalapeños in each bite. A little overkill. The steak was super fatty, I had to spit a few of them out
The black beans were ok, nothing special. The rice was hard with no flavor. 
My Beautiful girlfriend opted for enchiladas with the verde salsa. The verde was so strong it was hard to taste the protein inside. It was very sour and not well seasoned. We both ate about 1/4 of our meal. 
The best part was the appetizer and that was just ok at best. 
Service was ok.... from the busboy that filled my drinks. Waiter was nice enough but its hard to come back from an almost 10min wait. 
So $43 later I was not pleased. 
I've gotten more enjoyment from a day old bean burrito from Taco Bell. 
Do yourself a favor and hit up the velvet cactus or even Old ElPaso before you go to this place.Waiter was really awesome! Food was really good as well. The host was kind of weird, she made us wait and they had many tables. So I wasn't sure why we waited, she wasn't too friendly. But the server we had, not sure of the young guys name. But Chris our server made up for it. Great time! Margaritas was good as hell!Unfortunately this location is a far cry from the original that was once on Magazine st. I ate here when they first opened and it wasnt too great but I always want to give a place a second shot. I ordered take out. I had a taco plate with rice and beans. 2 out of 3 tacos were incorrect..shells were soggy...rice n beans were average.  I love mexican food, but i think i gotta cross this one off my list...I was in area and felt like Mexican food. There was no one at the desk so I sat myself. No big deal. My waitress was Melanie. Very nice. Great attitude. Placed my order and it came pretty quickly. I thought the food was good. Good experience. I will be back.I had been to this restaurant years ago and the Chicken Chimichanga was my favorite. Things have changed since then. I've been back there twice in the last few weeks and will never go back again. The first time back there was so much melted cheese in my chimichanga that I was half way through before I noticed it was beef instead of chicken. The beef wasn't as good, but I stuck with it. A couple weeks later I tried them again, still longing for the chicken chimi that I remembered so fondly. I mentioned to our waiter what had happened the time before and he chuckled and said"yeah, they do that a lot".  I did finally get my chicken chimi, although I use the word chicken loosely, because throughout the entire very large chimichanga I only found one little piece of chicken, no lie. It was all dough and cheese. Also, the refried beans were very salty and the Spinach dip was just a big bowl of partially melted cheese with hardly a trace of spinach in it. Very disappointing and sad. I gave one star because the rice was ok.