Had a lovely lunch here at Namese with my husband. Highly recommend the shaken beef pho! I ordered the banh mi/pho combination which is a great taste of both of my favorites at a great price. My husband had lemongrass coconut curry with chicken and shrimp and loved it. Brandyn our waiter was excellent!Finally a Vietnamese restaurant nearby. Love the spring rolls and combination soup. Yum... They have change the decor.. Hands up. Love the ambience.Just came in to order some food.  First off I had to walk to the bar for a seat.  The server gave me menus then sat another couple, brought them water and said nothing to me.  After 10 minutes I left.  I was ready to order.  And I was looking forward to coming here especially since I live right around the corner.  --  I wouldn't have minded if it was busy but it's slow...  Hopefully my next visit will be better.It was ok. Honestly if you have not been to Pho Bistro on Carrollton you are missing out. I found the shrimp at Namese are frozen.  A few flies.  Unprofessional bartending staff, sloppy dress. Server was coughing behind the bar. Had better expectations because of the 'design'. Will not return.Came here for lunch. It's a cafe not a restaurant so don't expect much. Pho was too salty. Fried tofu was soggy. Fried chicken wings not crispy. Combination vermicelli was bland. They have milk tea tapioca pearl drinks but they're not that chewy and they fill up the cups with only 10% pearls. There were flies flying all around us. 2 drinks, 2 appetizers and 2 entrees costs us about $55 + tips. Wouldn't recommend.my trusty neighbor brought me here to try Pho for my first time ever. yah, i know. anyway. i got the beef brisket pho w/vegan mix.  The broth was good - not too salty - and had a remnant of mint, which i like. they were out of bean sprouts that day, which would have made this a 5* review; i don't eat vietnamese food often, but i do know that bean sprouts are a major component.
my neighbor had the seafood pho, with an order of spring rolls. yummy to the spring rolls. I will definitely return. however, there better be some bean sprouts next time! ;) I think that the food was delicious, and the server even brought me a little sampler of the broth, so i knew what to expect.
it's not the worst of areas, in my opinion - but i also roll around anywhere in town with my windows down (except when it's raining). the service was great, the atmosphere was relaxed. Not too hipster yet, thank goodness.I've been here twice because I wasn't impressed the first time. I'm fairly certain there won't be a third. I found the food bland which is odd for being Vietnamese. The staff were great, but there are way too many restaurants in this town that serve better food. This is just my opinion; give them a try in the off chance I went on two off nights.Brandyn was our server and was extremely great. He had wonderful suggestions. I got the wok seared steak pho & it was phenomenal. Thanks for a great experience. Oh plus the outside seating is super sexy with firepit. :)I seem to have a different experience every time I go. sometimes everything is perfect -the crab wontons are excellent- and sometimes just off a little, for me, the presentation is really very nice but the food is only a 3.5 for me. the cocktail selection is interesting. ive had the lychee martini and its pretty good. I do like that there is outside seating. its fun to see people bring their small pets. not bad but not amazingAbsolutely, without a doubt, the WORST pho I've ever tried to eat. Imagine taking a bowl of chicken soup,  add some Christmas potpourri to it. Then drop a box of cinnamon AND sugar....then add so much fat that every bite leaves a greasy film on your lips. There you have a good approximation of their pho ga. The broth itself was so dark brown I questioned whether or not it was beef broth instead of chicken. There are so many places with much better pho in NOLA.Finally went here after months of driving by. Perfect, fresh dinner I was pleasantly surprised with. While the shrimp spring rolls werr perfectly fine, the combination vermicelli which was a beautiful cold salad. The fried shrimp melts in your mouth! The dressing is so bright and delightful! Plenty to eat and some to take home too! My fiance had the roasted pork Bahn Mi. He likes huge portions and even brought some home. He said everything about it was super fresh. It was awesome!  And of course passion fruit bubble tea. Great atmosphere and super quick and friendly service.Good n tasty Vietnamese food.Had the springrolls shrimp wrap with bacon da bomb!!! And Pho Tai also da bomb!! Nice price great looking restaurant I give 2 thumbMondays are rough in New Orleans. It seems like everything is closed with the exception of Vietnamese, which, luckily is one of my favorite types of cuisine. I needed a break from my Lily's habit recently, so my friend and I landed at Namese.
It's definitely in an odd/unexpected spot, across from my old storage unit at Fountainbleu. They've somehow turned what was probably not the nicest building into something really special. There's a patio out front and if weather permits, do sit at one of the large woven booths. Inside reminds me of a really hip 1960s steak house as weird as that sounds. It's not your typical Vietnamese joint! Unlike Lily's, they have a full bar, too. And the rumors are true: you can add booze to your bubble tea smoothies!
But. It's not like they hand you a drink menu at any point. This was one of several service misses, I'm afraid. Don't get me wrong. Our server was nothing but nice and it had been a long, packed day for her. And a lot might have been beyond her control. Things like not getting our bubble teas until long after our app came out (to her credit, she kept coming by promising they'd come out soon). She also wasn't too familiar with what vegan meant. It's all over the menu ("vegan pho" "vegan crepe") and I'm not sure if they're trying to be trendy, but if they are aware of vegan diets, their waitstaff should be aware, too. If you are vegetarian or vegan, whatever you order, don't assume that if you are asking about something being vegan that they'll check for your entire order, either. Make sure for each item you're ordering. In other restaurants, I'm just used to them checking for me on everything once I identify myself as being vegan. On a positive note, she did make sure they gave me vegan peanut sauce with my spring rolls. She tried her best. I think they should train waitstaff a little bit better, that's all.
I liked, didn't love the food. Veg spring rolls could have used some protein and more avocado. Most places in NOLA make them with a hearty slice of fried tofu. I also ordered the veggie sotca, which was tasty, but without adding tofu to the mix, you, like me, may be left a little unsatisfied. 
When my mango bubble tea arrived, it came... without bubbles. I should have canceled the order, but I sent it back for the bubbles because that's kind of the whole point. That said, it's way too sweet. Way.
Later after we paid, we were hanging around talking for quite a bit, so we asked another waiter for a drink menu. They must be uniformly against liquor sales or something because that drink menu never came. There were at least 2-3 servers there and I don't know, it seemed they were overworked but I couldn't figure out why. I won't get too into it because like I said, no one was anything but nice to us which really is the most important thing.
This is a super complain-y review. I do like Namese, but I'm not sure I'd return, unless I was itching for a really great atmosphere when going out for Vietnamese.After stopping at three pho restaurants to find that they closed on Monday, we finally found this gem. We ordered their wings, they were so tasty...crispy, sweet, salty, spicy and nutty. I could taste a hint of sweet and sour from tamarind maybe?
My husband ordered their chicken curry, delish, almost like the way my mother made it (not as good, but close enough). It took my mother two days to make her curry, because the crazy woman made her curry from scratch, down to her coconut milk which she scrapped and squeezed for the milk. She didn't use a blender to grind her past, she toasted her spices and grind them with mortar and pastel, which I inherited. When I want or need my mom's present in my kitchen I would take her mortar  and pastel out and use it. 
I ordered their oxtail pho. The broth was good. I could taste the msg, that is to be expected. Because of that it didn't taste very refreshing. 
Overall I would recommend this place to friends because some of their dishes were pretty good and the staffs were very friendly.having heard alot about this place from friends, we came here to give it a try with great expectation, and here's what we experienced:
1.atmosphere: 6/10: a bit smaller than expected, but decorations are nice.
2.service: 7/10: pretty friendly, but mess up stuffs.
3.food: 1/10: calamary was super salty and cold. crabby crab was meh but nothing like described on menu. the "bun bo hue"-aka spicy beef soup - was a huge fail; its nothing more than plain water add noodles with a little oil on top. we couldnt help but returned the soup and gave them a second chance with the combination vermicelli bowl. It was not too bad, although the eggroll smelled funny, thus not impressive enough to save the day. In short, I would give the food here a low meh.
In conclusion, it might be a decent restaurant for some other people, but not worth a drive for us to give it a second try.This was my first time trying this place and I was totally satisfied. The food was great the service was awesome and it was not expensive. Let's not forget to mention the ambiance is very cute and cozy.Love this new Vietnamese place. Their food is delicious, staff's friendly and the price is just right. Btw Namese is much better than Mopho when it comes to authentic Vietnamese flavor. To the reviewer who says Namese is more expensive than Mopho, she probably wasn't wearing her reading glasses that time. Been to Mopho and their prices are way higher.So delicious! I love the shrimp steamed tacos. The green sauce on them is insanely yummy so please don't be scared to add a little extra guys :) I ordered the rare filet pho the first time and then the pork the second and both were excellent. I suggest ordering a fried egg and adding it in there! Something about the creamy yolk mixing into the broth is magical. I tried to order the shrimp and bacon spring rolls but they were out of bacon, but the reg shrimp spring rolls were just fine and were very fresh and crisp. Will be back for more very soon.Was not expecting stellar Vietnamese here, but after moving, this is my favorite neighborhood restaurant and the food beats the pants off anything available for delivery in BK. The pho is -delicious-...I second the previous reviewer who said they didn't need to add any condiments, when I usually have a heavy hand with the hoisin. The chicken curry is really good and uses a whole grilled thigh which is a nice change of pace. The steak salad was so flavorful. The Bahn Mi are all on point. My one gripe is that they are literally right around the corner and I believe that they still charge a delivery fee, but whatever. If they had a special lunch menu, I would gladly order here every day even with the fee (if they had La Sa Ga, I wouldn't even need a lunch menu, in case anyone is listening out there). It's a teeny bit pricey, but the quality and freshness of the food more than justify the cost.Two "so-so" visits, one disappointing take-out experience, & a fourth try where I received "attitude" from the manager about a vermicelli dish I returned. According to her, the cooks can't really control the vermicelli & it's OK that 80% of it was stuck together in a big lump on my plate. Not OK for me!Anytime I have had a conversation about Vietnamese food in the city, Namese has always come up.  The restaurant is also consistently featured in food publications.  I have had it on my list of places to try for a while, and have finally went for dinner.  Very solid Vietnamese food - tried the mussels, spring rolls, duck buns and seafood pho.  Mussels and duck buns were great.  Spring rolls had huge chunks of cucumber in it which I didn't really like but that could be a preference.  Seafood stock could have been more flavorful.  Tried a Long Island iced tea - super strong, very good (I couldn't even finish it). Look up the hours before you go because the first time I tried to go for lunch, they were closed.I was surprised to see that I gave this go to spot 3 stars over 3 years ago, as I eat here pretty regularly. 
I love their fried shrimp banh mi also their tofu banh mi which isn't on the menu but they'll totally make you one. Speaking of not on the menu, they've also made me a grilled shrimp banh mi when I just couldn't do fried.  I also like their bun and the curry (which states is a shrimp broth). The spring rolls are solid as well.
I do a lot of takeout since this is near work. But if I dine in, I always prefer the patio. The parking lot can be a bit of a disaster around lunchtime but you can usually find parking on the street nearby, especially now that street construction is wrapping up.We ordered to-go for the first time to try this new restaurant. We ordered 2 pho chicken and Amy was the person who answered and she even repeated the order back to us. When my sister's bf went to pick it up and brought it to Metairie the order was vegan pho! We paid $15 for to-go vegan pho plus a .50 to-go fee! This is ridiculous! We called to complain and all the girl could say was "oh that's weird. I repeated the order too!" Will not be trying this place again. Rude!Debating back and forth between 2 and 3 stars. The food was EXCEPTIONALLY good and very flavorful. However the service was beyond horrible. It took over 10 minutes for soft drinks to be delivered to the table and they were not refilled until after we ate the meal. There were multiple servers working multiple tables and no one clearly took ownership of tables. There seemed to be issues at almost every table we saw. If you can get passed the service, HIGHLY recommend the Combination Pho and Steak Salad.My girlfriend and I are always looking for a decent bowl of pho on the east bank, so a few weeks ago when Namese popped up on one of those "Top 10 Best" lists, we decided to check it out. What a mistake...I am so mad right now. We both ended up ordering the seafood pho (my gf wanted fried tofu, but they were out), which was so salty that hours later we were still guzzling water, trying to get the taste out of our mouths. Might as well have been a cow's salt lick. The shrimp were so overcooked it was like eating mashed potatoes, the calamari was gummy, and the imitation crabmeat was falling apart. To finish, the beansprouts were brown and withered. Do yourself a favor, and don't believe the hype. There are plenty of other good pho restaurants in the city. Sadly, Namese is not one of them.This place has excellent service. If you have a large group call ahead. 
Our waiter was Chris or you can call him Steve. Either one is fine. He always checked to make sure whatever we needed we got. He was very at tentative to our needs for extra water, extra sauce, yummy fried onions for the rice. 
Try the shaking beef. Its very delicious and super tender. 
The Pho is also very tasty. No lime needed it is full of flavor and is very good for a hang over cure. =) 
The atmosphere was very classy and modern.Dined here several times and it never disappoints. Food is fresh, fast, and delicious. Service is friendly and attentive. I like they have a wide variety on their menu with some traditional and some more unique. Fresh spring rolls and their seafood pho are my favorites.Love Namese! A classic go to that never fails to satisfy. We always start with the lettuce crepe. I LOVE the shaken pho with short rib and my husband devours his bahn mi and pho combo. If you are lucky you will have Brandon as your server, he is truly a delight and ensures that you have the best possible dining experience. Enjoy!!The manager delivers the food to us at the bar just beaming with pride! She loves what she does!! The bartender was completely knowledgable about what he was serving. Pho is the way to go.Great food. Haven't had may pho experiences, but this was a lovely one. Had the steak pho and some jasmine tea. Great service didn't catch her name but had plenty of refills and food was hot when it came to meIn mid-city, your vietnamese options are Doson and the newly opened Namese.  Namese has great atmosphere and a really nicely done interior.  The service is always friendly.  And the food is great.  I always order the beef vermicelli whenever I eat vietnamese, and Namese does a great job.  The beef has lots of flavor, without being overly seasoned.  It's light and refreshing, which is unusual for beef but awesome.  Also, you can eat a hearty healthy fulfilling meal for under $10 at a restaurant with awesome atmosphere.  What's not to like?Namese was the type of restaurant, that when it opened, I proudly announced to my friends that I would return to order every item off the menu over time. I am sad to say, I no longer feel this way. The first problem, is the update on the menu. They have added some bourgeois  "shaken pho" that is overpriced and lacking flavor, while removing some more authentic items. 
Last week, I was astounded by the service. Two separate waitresses bussed empty tables with absolutely no one waiting to be seated before they tended to me and my dining companion. Quick lunch? Not when you wait 8 minutes to have a drink order taken on account of staff cleaning tables in a less than half occupied restaurant.
Many other places in city that have stepped up the Vietnamese game than for me to waste time here. Good spring rolls, decent pho broth, but unfortunately it ends there now.Namese is terrific.  The menu is inventive and creative while still doing a great job of staying on point with well executed Vietnamese flavors and formats.  They have some great concepts dishes (Pho Boy is fun and really good) but don't have to rely on a "fun" menu because everything tasted great.  Strong menu, very reasonably priced, nice building and amenities, decent service, there wasn't much that was off point.  I honestly left thinking that Namese is more in line with what I had expected MoPho to be just without the name recognition in the kitchen.Decided to try a new place and the night started out great with delicious appetizers and refreshing drinks. I highly recommend the Bubble Teas-mango with mango bursts and Kiwi-strawberry with strawberry bursts. All of our app choices were definitely a hit. The Crab Rangoon had an awesome sauce, Garlic Chicken and Spring rolls were also very good. 
The restaurant was not that busy but for some reason the kitchen took FOREVER to send out food. When the main entrees finally arrived they weren't sent out in sync. Oddly, although 3 of us ordered the same Pho we did not get served at the same time. The time lapse between serving entrees was ridiculous. I recommend the Shaken Filet Mignon Pho and the Shaken Hanger Steak. I would not order the sticky ribs or the Curry. 
Overall the food is pretty good and I would have given 4 stars but service is lacking. Took way too long to get through dinner.I took my wife and family of three children to this restaurant for a semi-celebration of my son being accepted in a specific high school. While the food was ok, I have to say the service and atmosphere of the workers overall was far less than professional.  It started by confusion of the host somewhat leading us to a table that was not ready but he neither vocalized this or asked us to move to stand in another part of the restaurant instead he and his colleagues decided it was better to just bump into each of us as they kept going back and forth to get things to set the table.
Once seated we were happy enough as the server took our drink orders.  At this time it appeared that almost all of the other parties in the restaurant (about 12) had either received their food or were finishing their meals.  This would normally free up servers to more quickly address a new seating... not in this case.  After our drink orders were taken it took 15 minutes to for the server to come back.  All the while about 5 of the servers/host/bartenders mingled behind us and chatted rather loudly if not boisterously amongst themselves.  As the server took our order I noticed he didn't have a notepad or pen to document the order... this always makes me leery when I see someone doing this especially with a party of 5 or more and with kids who usually are confusing when they order.  Sure enough he took our order and came back out two minutes later to ask me to repeat mine as he had forgotten it.  Once we finally ordered all seemed well however as my dish was out in probably less than ten minutes!  I thought well this is great recovery... I was wrong!  As it is customary for me and good manners for all I planned to wait for the rest of my guest to be served before I would start to eat.  Mind you my dish was served to be hot but the rest of the 4 orders did not come out for another 15 minutes!!!!  
I think the facility is nice and the food, in the right setting, might even be classified as above par but the service, which to me is at least 50% of the experience is amateur hour and i would certainly urge to owner to address his staff to be more professional.Been here twice so far. Haven't tried the Pho yet but I have tried most of the steam buns, the only one I wasn't fond of was the pork belly. They aren't really steam buns though, they're tacos using a steam bun. They have the same thing at Pho Orchid, but they call them Orchid Taco's there. I've tried the Beef stew twice. The first time it was very good, the second time wasn't as great because they didn't use as much coconut milk. It wasn't bad, but it just tasted like a traditional beef stew. Overall I'd recommend this place if you're looking for Vietnamese food in MidCityThis is the worst restaurant I have ever been to. Once we were seated and had menus we ordered some spring rolls to share, which were not that great. Then I ordered a Thai iced tea that turned out to not have enough milk in it and had a grainy consistency. Plus it was more expensive than other places I've eaten. Then I ordered this vegetarian dish which arrived at room temperature and overall didn't taste that great. I just went along with the lack luster food until I found a hair in my cucumber salad. When I told the waiter he was polite and made me a new plate of food. At this point I wasn't very hungry so I took it to go. All the while my water glass was left empty twice leaving me to chew on ice for a good 10 minutes. The dish also came with a side of soup that wasn't vegetarian. In the end I paid $18.50 for a grainy tea and a hairy salad and an entree that tasted like it came from a can. 
To add insult to injury when I got home I gave the leftovers to my housemate who said he found a hair in the entree.... 
in summary: avoid like the plague.Ordered the honey dew boba, the tapioca pearls were perfect, paid $5.50 for the drink. The food presentation was more fancy than most Vietnamese restaurants, great services and overall great place.Great seafood pho. Great service and Brandon gets five stars as server. I'm definitely making this one of my go to spots in New Orleans.Service was wonderful. Bubble drink recipe need some work. Too expensive for the portion given. $60 for one vermicelli plate and 3 orders (6 baos) of baos and 3 bubble drinks. Not the best Asian fusion in my opinion.Went on a date with my boyfriend to Namese... We wanted to go to some other Vietnamese restaurants, but they all closed early.  So it is nice that they stay open after 8 pm during the week.  Love the restaurant style and ambiance they definitely worked with what they had because the location is nothing spectacular, but the building is really cool.  We sat outside on the patio and I found it really nice.
FOOD:  The portions are large.  It was not my favorite bun that I've ever eaten but it was good.  The chicken was well cooked and seasoned.  The noodles were a bit off.  I also got a drink, the tamarind daiquiri... it was delicious but not very strong at all.I love this place. The food is so good and I love the ambience. They have a really nice patio that's great when it's a bit warmer. 
I love their veggie sotka. Comes with winter melon soup and a salad for 10 dollars. You can't beat that. They also have the best calamari and my husband said the sweet ribs were delicious. 
The service here is  impeccable. Tim is awesome, super friendly, attentive and his suggestions are always great. He also is very knowledgable about the food. I've had a couple other servers over the past couple years and they are all great! 
If you want grea food, great service, chill ambience at a fair price then you should check out Namese!Very good food! 
Crab Rangoon was very good. Decided to get the Pho Hai San and was not disappointed! The wife got the Fried Cornish Hen and it was also very good. 
Only minor negative, and kind of funny, two of the staff had a bit of an argument right behind the curtain to the kitchen. Sounded like a little scuffle too. Some of the staff were dropping f-bombs with kids in the dining area nearby.
Other than that, the place is great.What an honor to be this places 100th review! So long Mint....this is my new favorite Vietnamese - Fusion spot in town!!! J.J. took phenomenal care of us and Chef Nhat spent almost half an hour at our table discussing the menu and his inspiration behind some of the great dishes we had. What a treat!!!
Highlights include the Duck Bao Buns, Shrimp & Bacon Spring Rolls, Papaya Salad and the absolute best Pho that I have ever had.  So many other things that we wanted to try on the menu, but just did not have the time or room in our stomachs. But no worries...because we will be back again soon. 
Great decor, great service, reasonable prices, everything made from scratch and the food came out in no time.  Worthy of a 5-star all the way!Have gotten take out on both visits...does not disappoint! Great staple items and some cool adaptations. So far VERY good and look forward to my next visit.This place is great! I have eaten in on a number of occasions and the service is always great - quick and friendly. The food is always fresh and presented very nicely. Recently I have been taking advantage of their food delivery. It always arrives before the estimated time and is hot and ready to eat. Food is packaged clean (no spilling or movement of food). The drivers are always friendly.  
The crepe is amazing and tasty (one of my favorites). The avacado rolls are refreshing. The fried dumplings are perfection and the accompanying sause has just  the right amount of ginger. The vermicelli is on point. The pho is comforting and the broth is very flavorful. You cannot go wrong with anything on this menu and I look forward to trying more of what they have to offer!Great location with window seating and outdoor seating for watching the world go by at the intersection of Tulane & Carrollton Avenues.  Inside, there are several large wall mounted flat screen TV's to keep  abreast of current events.
I was there on one of those hotter than July, sultry, late July, summer days and in the mood for a light lunch.  The menu item that jumped out at me was the Papaya Salad with Julienned papaya, pork belly, grilled shrimp and finished with the house dressing.  Well, I was right on target with my presumption of this selection as a light lunch.  My surprise was that the papaya did not have the fruity taste that I'd expected, but was rather bland instead.  The grilled shrimp were  somewhat tiny in size, just slightly larger than the size of dried shrimp.  There was also some unexpected coarse ingredient which was sort of the texture and consistency of granules of rock salt.  Finally, the house dressing was too sweet for my taste, so I modified the flavor with Sriracha Hot Chili Sauce and Hoisin Sauce.
Frankly, Namese has quite an extensive menu, so if or when I make a return visit, I'll certainly check out their menu online ahead of time to select a more satiating choice.This is by far the best pho in New Orleans. Full of flavor. Perfect ratio of broth to noodles. The restaurant is very clean and modern. Our waiter, Vinh, was very friendly and attentive. The price was a lot less than what I was expecting. Two thumbs up!!!  I will definitely be back. 
Oh and they also deliver!!!Make reservation we came in with a party of 10.  Small place but real modern.  I love the look.  The food was great asian infused.  I had shared everything since I wanted to try it all.  That what we did with a group of 4.  They where nice and our waiter was great.  Prices where reasonable and there is parking.  When it's nice outside sit in the patio they have a great outdoor seating.I want to bathe in the shaken pho broth. This is just the best pho especially for when you're hungover. I get shaken pho with tofu and it's amazing. They also deliver to me, which is just the icing on the cake. My only qualm is that they're closed on Sundays, which is prime time for a hangover and usually when I most want the pho. Alas, I'll settle for Namese Monday through Saturday.Namese has become one of our go-to spots in the short time it's held court on the intersection of Tulane and Carrollton. A regular don't-feel-like-cooking-let's-just-go-out kinda spot, eat-in or take-out.
Their food is good, not mind-blowing, redefining Vietnamese, or world-changing, but it's delicious, dependable and solid. I will always find something I want to eat. Better yet, it's affordable. It's become our go-to Asian restaurant in the city. 
Favorites: I love the crisps they bring at the start of the meal, THE PAPAYA SALAD (oh my god, anytime, anywhere), The Crab Rangoon, Calamari, the Cuban, the Pho and Banh-Mi combo is enough food for dinner with leftovers for lunch the next day, rolls are all good, and I've enjoyed every banh-mi I've had. 
They have a lovely patio for when it's nice out, and a full bar. Great environment, affordable prices, conveniently located, dependable, tasty food, and THEY DELIVER (to us anyway). I'm a huge fan.Excellent experience.  Maybe my new favorite (top 2?) Asian restaurant in the city.  I had a bite of about 5 dishes and wanted more, even though i wasn't hungry, just to taste all these great flavors!  I'm very hopeful that this is a foreshadow of what's to come with the new Tulane Ave. re-do.We're big fans of Vietnamese cuisine. The spring rolls and Phoga there are phenomenal. Great lunch spot.Stopped here for lunch after one of my fellow yelpers bragged about how good it was. I ordered the brisket pho and thought that it was just ok. It was not as good as some of our other cheaper local joints like phau tau bay and Doung Phong. The broth was ok but not as strong as I have had other places. I usually order pho with a side bahn mi but at $9 for one bahn mi I just ordered a side of the delicious vietnamese bread instead. Namese is good for the area but by far not the best in the city for quality and price.We've ordered from there twice more since my last review. Yesterday we got takeout--it the only time the food has been "ok" instead of amazing. Today we ordered again. We offered them a nice tip if they could come quickly because we are freezing cold in our apartment. The only other time we got delivery I gave the guy $20 because it was late at night and they were kind enough to make an exception. I wish they'd just said they were busy, because the restaurant is right around the corner (less than 2 blocks away) and we waited an hour. The same guy we always see took our order and delivered it. Also, we asked for the sliced jalapenos on the side of my bf's pho and were met with substantial resistance. Maybe they pre-pack the noodles/herbs, but it was a minor request to accommodate and plenty of people have a low tolerance for heat. Anyway, I picked them off myself when the food got here. I was already fishing through both dishes of pho to identify which was the short rib and which the filet (no labels).I want to love and believe in this place-the food ranges from good to very, very good-and hope they can continue to improve their service/communication. Leaving 3 stars instead of the 2 our experience merits to keep the door open for them making it right by us next time around.This place is great. The curry and seafood pho were super flavorful and the service was fast. The crab Rangoon come with chimichurri...woooooah!Always a great meal nice portions of tasty food big variety heat service nice atmosphere will keep going lunch and dinnernThis place has one of the best pho I have tried. I ordered fried tofu and shaken pho with brisket and filet mignon. The sauce for the tofu is a little bit too sweet for me. I still can't tell the difference between shaken pho and regular pho though. The coffee with the condensed milk is just right.Ducky Cuban, Bun Bo Hue and Catfish all delicious!! Nice ambience, we will be back!I opened the menu I found the prices to be a buck or two more per item than what you see in the hole-in-the-wall mid-atlantic soup joints I am most familiar with. It's also a full menu which seems to be the norm around here as opposed to just many soups and a few rolls. If you are not into the "elevate all the things" thing, you may want to choose some place a little less modern.
Gratis prawn crackers to start. I had the fried pork dumplings ($6.5) and the brisket pho ($9). The dumplings were fresh, just lightly fried, and quite delicious. The soup is offered in just one size, regular. It's lighter on the noodles but very heavy on the meat. Just brisket in this one although you can get other parts too (bible/book tripe was conspicuously missing). The aroma of the soup was out of this world. Before you put anything in it, just stick your nose in there and take a huge whiff. This is the good stuff. There is a rich and velvety quality to the broth that I have not experienced in a long time.
This is not an old-school pho joint - the cheapest soup + the cheapest appetizer was $20 after tax and tip (no beverage). It feels like they did the math and then just threw a dollar or two on top of the prices ($4.5 Vietnamese iced coffee?). However, the soup is really, really good and I get the feeling that the other items are delicious and high-quality as well.My favorite go-to lunch/dinner place in New Orleans. Everything on the menu is awesome. The Banh Mi and Pho combo is perfect for the days when you can't make one choice. Namese has the best staff I've encountered in New Orleans. They are friendly and efficient. Always a great dining experience!I would really like for more clear labeling for items that contain fish sauce or animal products. I'm a vegetarian, and was really disappointed when I ordered a tofu dish that came with fish sauce poured on top. Their tofu curry also has fish sauce. Harder to eat here as a vegetarian or vegan if you don't know what to expect. I'd only feel comfortable eating the vegan pho and the vegan spring rolls here.Very good Pho. Good egg rolls. Average pork belly buns. Good service. Nice interior and decor. Average to below average parking situation. We listened to the best of Michael Bolton it seemed for most of lunch and now they've shifted over to Fall Out Boy. Almost done...decent prices too. Bottom line, I'd come back but I'd probably bring my iPod and listen to it throughout.Namese has the most delicious Pho I've ever had. The meat is delicious and the broth has great flavor. I enjoyed the service and the food came out quickly. They also have a good selection of bubble tea. Definitely recommend.Namese is always good. Great pho and the best banh mis around. Love the new updated outdoor space.Delicious and very true to what makes pho and banh mi (Vietnamese po boys as they say here) great. 
Try the shaken pho--adds a nice garlicky kick to the broth.
Pho and banh mi combo is a lot of food, but great.
Awesome service, nice vibes! Cool patio.Great food, service and vibe. This is a hidden gem I stumbled upon. The pho, curry and bao tacos were all worth coming out of the way any day for. All washed down with a Thai iced tea with boba!If you don't feel like driving out to the east for Vietnamese food this is a great option! Some of the best Vietnamese food in the city. The bone marrow broth is excellent, the "viet poboys" are always very fresh, and even the Vietnamese curry is very good. Reasonable prices nice modern atmosphere and great food. Can't ask for anything elseTerrible service. They close at 10, but when I called to order at 9 the guy who answered the phone seemed annoyed and told me they were not taking phone orders this late. I have ordered from here over the phone this late before. The food is fine, but they need new a new staff.I ordered the Garlic Shrimp with crabby rice, my husband had the shrimp pho. Both dishes were delicious. The mojitos were nice & refreshing. 
Great ambiance & the staff was personable & provided excellent customer service.The Shaken Pho is great. Brings out the flavor of the meat. They have revamped Vietnamese cuisine. Highly recommended.Really solid Vietnamese and Asian fusion stuff.  Outdoor seating area is nice.  The shaken pho was really nice.  Never had it before.Excellent service. My fiancé had the pho Ga. It was a huge bowl. He said it was great. Excellent broth.  It was a shake and pho broth. Very smoky tasting. Garlic taste. 
I had the combo vermicelli.  It came with pork, beef and shrimp. Delicious.  The restaurant has a bit of a fly problem. The waitress had the manager fix a sugar concoction.  It worked and the flys left us alone.So delicious!!!! Awesome environment and incredible service!  There are a lot if vegan options as well as a variety of phos,  I got the vermicelli bowl which had a great amount of veggies, not all noodles like other places which I really appreciated.  Fiancé got the curry which was AMAZING!  We also spilt the cram ram goons which were great.  Will definitely be visiting again!I've been hearing this Pho word for a year or two and I finally was able to experience what it was. Its soup!! 
Pho is a really good soup. I didn't think it would fill me up but it did. I had a sample dish during an event here, and the broth was made in a non-traditional way. Namese put a twist to their broth, which I preferred over the traditional. If you are a fan of Pho, when you come here, ask for the version done with the bone marrow grease if I'm not mistaken. The beef inside was so tender and just tasted so much better then the other. I definitely recommend the pork egg rolls. I'm not a fan of egg rolls, but it was so delicious.
The restaurant is in a busy location. Easy to find, and not hard to get to. There's a parking lot in front of the building, and also this business is in an area where street parking is available. This interior was nicely decorated, not overwhelming to the eye or body, there is room to move around. There is a bar when you walk into this establishment. The exterior of the building was newly renovated. I've passed this place before the renovations, and since it was completed, they really did a good job. On a cool day or chilly night, there is a nice patio with a fire pit and also large heaters to keep you warm. During the warmer days, the patio is covered and sun shades can be lowered (they actually can be lowered in the rain, and on a chilly nice.
I've found me a place to eat Pho with my friends. Really good place, and near the house. I'm a fan! For you pho lovers, December 12, is National Pho Day around the world!!I have been wanting to try Namese for a while now. Today was the day. We went for lunch on the first cool fall day when everyone starts thinking of warm soup. Let me start by stating that the menu is enormous! So many choices and each one looks better than the last. It will take many many trips to sample all of the tempting items that are listed on that extensive menu. I chose to try the Peking duck stuffed steam buns and a bowl of pho.  Delicious!  The duck was perfect and the buns were great.  The huge bowl of pho was good with rich beef broth.
We will be back to try more of those menu items.  I leave off one star because the place not a fancy restaurant. It used to be a gas station then a sandwich shop. They have done very well with the decor and it is more than acceptable but the dining room is not a five star experience even though the food certainly is. Don't pass this place up based on the look from the outside.Stumbled into this Vietnamese restaurant after our shopping trip at Costco and was pleasantly surprised! I would recommend the spring rolls over the summer rolls as an appetizer or ordering the spicy fried tofu. The summer rolls came with grilled shrimp instead of fresh shrimp which was a little abnormal I thought but the peanut sauce was good and they tasted fresh. And then for entrees the combination pho and shaken beef were delicious! We also ordered bubble tea to go, which I think was just alright. The bubbles were small and a little stale and not very sweet. The taro mix was also way too sweet though. You can ask for soy milk in the taro as opposed to condense milk if you want, too. I'll be back for the food but probably not the bubbles. Customer service was also excellent and the restaurant is clean and cozy/quiet for a quick bite to eat.Especially when it's cold or rainy, my household loves having Namese delivered straight to our front door. Amazing food and courteous service.Always amazing! And the service is wonderful as well. Thank you Brandon for an incredible lunch!Awesome food for an amazing price! I had the lemongrass chicken vermicelli, which was a good sized portion and absolutely delicious. My friend ordered the pork belly banh mi which was also delicious. The prices are great for the quality of food and portion size. The iced coffee was also delish and not too sweet.I will start by saying that I would probably give Namese 5 stars if it wasn't for one thing, beverage prices.  We ordered crab Rangoon...wonderful! Not those typical fried cream cheese thingies with a hint of crab. These were loaded with lump crab!  I got the bahn mi/ pho combo and was impressed with the fact that broth issues of previous reviews were addressed.  Also delicious and a great value!  My husband enjoyed his bahn  mi a little less than I did, because I think he was expecting it to be more like the West Bank version we often get.  So, about the beverages, we ordered our 3 year old a strawberry limeade, it was tasty, she chugged it, we ordered her another.  And then we got the bill.  Over 5 dollars each, well they weren't that tasty!  No chunks of fresh berries or anything like that.  That being said, I get it, the quality food they produce costs money...recoup cost in beverages...but I felt a bit screwed over...lesson learned I guess.  All in all I will go back.  But the kid gets no more limeade!This is another example of restaurants in NOLA taking a modern spin on vietnamese restaurants. Although it was much smaller than imagined, placement of tables made it appear slightly more spacious. The decor was subtle. 
My waitress did not know what was on the menu; I don't know if this is because she was new, but she was unable to offer any suggestions or explain any menu items. However, she was very friendly. 
The food was very authentic, and I enjoyed it very much. Although it does not seem like a genuine vietnamese restaurant, the food proved that it is! I ordered a combination vermicelli plate while my boyfriend had the steak and rice. Both were delicious. We also enjoyed the steamed bun "tacos" (I apologize for not remembering their exact names). I togo-ed another order to bring home for my grandma. 
Don't order the bubble tea! I ordered a strawberry lychee with boba, but it did not taste like it was made of fresh fruit. If you've ever had a powdered strawberry bubble tea, you know that it wasn't pleasant.*UPDATING MY REVIEW 2/1/17
The service is still 5 stars. The 2 stars is for any tif the shrimp dishes in which they give you only 5 shrimp. It's just plain stingy. A $13 shrimp dish of rice noodles and lettuce. I'm including a pic for reference. As you can see you're basically eating a bowl of lettuce and rice noodles. 
Love Namese! A classic go to that never fails to satisfy. We always start with the lettuce crepe. I LOVE the shaken pho with short rib and my husband devours his bahn mi and pho combo. If you are lucky you will have Brandon as your server, he is truly a delight and ensures that you have the best possible dining experience. Enjoy!!Sooooo good. Probably the best pho in the city. Great prices and a nice, clean environment. I definitely recommend it!Food was totally edible, but nothing more.  With all the great Vietnamese food available in New Orleans, that's not really cutting it for me.Oh my, the mussels are to die for. Love the pho and banh mi combo and the combo bun vermicelli. Everything is delicious!The first four times I ate here the food was great! I enjoyed everything that I had tried. I even told friends to eat there. The last time I went it was at 5pm when the place was empty. There were no customers and every table was dirty. There were flies flying all around the place, and I happened to look at the service area to the left of the bar. The floor was covered in dirty cardboard with black smears all over it! Yuck! 
I have a friend who went there to do some after hours work and he told me that what he saw in the service area and kitchen was disgusting! 
I would check their rating with the health department before you eat there again. I will never go back again!This place is good. Worth a trip. They serve alcohol also and have decent martinis. 
Great menu with items I've never had , and I eat Vietnamese often.I had a wonderful experience at Namese! Gretchen, our server, was perfect!!! She was super knowledgable about the menu and gave excellent recommendations!!! HUGE portions. This is a very welcome addition to Mid City :)I absolutely LOVE the papaya salad! The service isn't the best...so I normally get my food to go. They aren't rude...they just aren't attentive.OMG, I have to move to New Orleans!
This is hands down the best Vietnamese food I had for a long time.
The Vermicelli pork are amazing and the bubble tea and chocolate cake simply great.
You gotta try it!Decided to take my family here before leaving NOLA.  VERRY pleased with staff and presentation. The food was wonderful. Pho was on point. Catfish with salad just melted in my mouth.Nice, friendly service. Delicious food. Especially sliders, banh mis, and rice plates. I have a favorite now. Namese Surf and Turf with Egg and Crabby rice. Can't wait for another roundThe food tasted real good and the service is just perfect. My favorite is Avocado Bubble Tea!!! Highly recommend!!SHAME ON THESE PEOPLE!!! WON'T BE BACK! Good food isn't enough to compensate for strangely rude service. Just weird right from the time we sat down. We clearly had a misunderstanding and this greasy looking man shows up at the table and says "you have a problem with the beef so pay $2.00!" We were a bit shocked. I didn't even know what to do.He didn't say hello or ask us what had happened. I mean I eat here a few times a month. Enough to know the names of a few of the waitstaff.  But from the time we arrived...just rude treatment and very poor service last night. I actually cried because I was so upset and felt we were treated so unkindly. Not ever going back. And to that horrible waiter who started slamming chairs and making such rude remarks...SHAME ON YOU! I'm old enough to be your mother, and I really didn't do a single thing which anyone would say was rude or disrespectful to you or anyone there...you really ought to be ashamed of the way you treated me and my son and our friend. Has everyone forgotten how to be human lately??As a (wannabe) vegan, this place has the best vegan bahn mi I have had in the city, yet sadly it is on the more expensive side. Many other places around town you can get a decent tofu Bahn mi for 3-6 dollars, and this place is like 8 or 9. Other than that, their bubble tea is great, the other vegan food is average, but I mainly come here for bahn mis and the occasional bubble tea haha.Came here for a quick dinner with a friend. Vietnamese food has really taken off in New Orleans since I left. 
Major props for their banh mi and pho combo. This, to me, is the eternal question when eating at a Vietnamese restaurant. Which do you get? Thank you Names for accommodating my indecisiveness. Also, it was a huge dish. Nevertheless, my friend ordered this and I didn't get a taste of either. 
My boy and I split the coconut curry which the waiter offered to separate into separate bowls. Now that's service! Also, huge portions. Well done! As far as flavor I enjoyed it but would not necessarily order again. 
I didn't get a good look at the inside, but the porch seating was spacious and also private given their deck booths. Nice touch.Maybe it's what I ordered the first few times around, but the entire menu is not five star. We returned and had the carmalized fish and rotisserie chicken. Both were decent but not amazing. 
The fish was filet, which I found strange, but it didn't affect the taste too much. However, the color of the sauce isn't a rich brown that it's supposed to be, but an actual caramel color. Hence, the flavor wasn't as strong. It was more on the sweet side than salty side. 
The chicken was seasoned abnormal as well, however it was good. Something about it just wasn't as amazing. 
The rice plates do come with lots of items such as a side salad, lettuce, vegetables, and soup. The side salad had pickled green beans, odd, but alright. I don't recall what dressing was used, but it was sour. The soup also did not have a strong flavor, but it worked for my boyfriend's developing cold. 
I got combination Vermicelli again and this time, it wasn't muy bien. The meat smelled weird, and the two meats had basically the same flavor. I just picked up at the yummy shrimp. 
Service was very inattentive. Told us to sit outside. Came out 15 minutes later and was like "So what would you guys like to... OH I forgot your menus oops!" Then it took her forever to come back with our orders. 
Fruit flies around the establishment are mainly what bumped down the five stars to a four. 
Sorry for lack of detail. I realise I often describe things as different from the ordinary. This could be seen as a good or bad thing. Namese is a modern Vietnamese restaurant, so maybe this is their spin on the cuisine.I returned to Namese and decided I liked it.... A lot.  The chicken wings are awesome.  Really nice servers too.Excellent Vietnamese food, appetizer was delicious, traditional spring rolls and egg rolls made to perfection! My wife had pho dac biet and I had the seafood noodle soup. Both of our dinners were amazing, definitely will come back again to try their extensive menu options!There are a lot of good Vietnamese places in New Orleans, mostly on the Westbank.
In my opinion, Namese is the best. The food and the restaurant itself feels like an upscale take on Vietmese food, but the prices are very reasonable.
I usually get the Pho & Banh Mi Combination. For $12, you can't beat it.Good food at reasonable prices...food could be better once they work out the kinks of a new business.
Had the bun bo hue...broth was a little thin and lacking spice. Egg rolls were really good...missing mint to round off the flavors when eaten with the pickled carrots and lettuce...mint that was brought was wilted. Papaya salad was mind blowing...great heat to it...missing a crunchy texture...overall really good.
Minor issues...overall a good vietnamese restaurant for the area.AMAZING! The banh mi appetizer was delicious! The pho was out of this world. My boyfriend ordered the pork steak and terrine and it was fantastic. There is a banh mi and pho combination plate which I think is a great idea, and I'll definitely be going back for it. New favorite vietnamese restaurant, for sure!Very good Vietnamese on the East Bank.  Went here with a friend during the "freeze" and really enjoyed the flavor AND the warmth of the pho.  Also really like their spring rolls.  Mid-City scores again!Food isn't too interesting. Price is fair. But this is one of the better viet places in downtown new Orleans.  So I don't know if you can find better nearbyMenu clearly marked with gf selections. My server understood gluten free restrictions and had suggestions. I Had shaken pho.  So delicious!!This beautifully done space offers al fresco seating and an exceptionally hip dining area inside. Considering that you're gazing out at the corner of Tulane and Carrollton, it depends on how desperate you are to eat outside. 
We ordered the following:
Bacon & shrimp spring rolls
Limeade
Bun Bo Hue
Combination pho
The broth of the pho reminded me of our local ya-ka-mein: salty and intense with beef. My Bun Bo Hue was marred by the oil slick atop the soup; otherwise it was filled with tender meat, bones and noodles. It too was over salted for my tastes. The pho & hue noodles were identical, which surprised me. Our servers were fast and attentive, but didn't question why our food was barely touched. 
I'm certain they'll be around awhile with the TVs, patio and close proximity to students looking for something to cure a hangover.We decided to check this place out tonight after discussing trying it several times. They did not disappoint!
Started with Crab Rangoon and Spring Rolls which were both good but paled in comparison to the entrees. 
The Ducky Cubano Po-Boy was awesome! Everything you'd expect in a Cuban sandwich. The side could be better but pretty irrelevant honestly because the sandwich was so damn good!
I got the Fried Cornish Hen suggested by our server. It's been a while since I've have Cornish Hen but this was the best I've ever had. It was fried perfectly so that the skin was crispy and golden and the meat was still juicy. 
Great decision to come here, we'll definetely be back!A great place with very caring ownership. I had an issue with a rude staff member and the owner handled the issue very well. The food here is fantastic, and they care about their customers.Namese. I love you so much. You offer delivery and your shaken pho bac has brought me back to life many times. The service is consistently awesome. The quality and freshness alone is why I keep calling and coming back. Thank you guys!first time tonight! trying to shake a cold and really wanted some spicy pho.  this place has a really nice metropolitan vibe, friendly staff and really good selection on their menu.  I will be back for more.I've been to many Vietnamese restaurants this is by far the best Vietnamese restaurant I have ever been to.. Service was amazing food was amazing I will be visiting soon!Love the atmosphere and staff. Service is great. Food is fantastic. Are here twice and the experience is always good.Great dishes all around! The slaw salad with lime vinegar wrote will bring me back for sure. Ambiance  is a step up from most mid city eateries, and is definitely a sign of good things to come for Tulane Ave. A+Coconut lemongrass curry with tofu is delicious!  The shrimp spring rolls are to die for and the spicy tofu appetizer is rolling!Really good experience here. We came because they have more than just the standards on the menu -- some more unusual dishes as well. The fried dumplings were clearly housemade, and the filling was delicious. We had the meatballs in broth (not the pho, these are under their 'specials' section, which were really great -- they grind their own pork, and the meatballs were tender and flavorful, and the broth both sweet and savory... And the papaya salad was also delicious (and surprisingly had to come by in many Vietnamese restaurants in the city). Our waitress was great, and the chef came out to talk to us after we were served. Really looking forward to trying some of the other hard-to-find items, like their Banh Xeo (crepe), and an eggplant dish that sounded good.The food I had was incredibly delicious, but I think that can vary based on what you order. The staff was very pleasant and considerate, being sure that I understood the portion size when ordering. Atmosphere was pleasant and cheery, not too loud.Yes to everything! The food , the drinks, the staff...amazing!! I went in before closing one day and had a blast! The Manager is the best ever, totally want him to be my BFF! A great restaurant with great parking! A little off the path from most of the restaurants on Carrolton, but definitely worth it...it definitely holds its own!By far my favorite pho restaurant. Great service and great food! Brandon is a great waiter.This place has excellent ambiance and is basically the only Vietnamese place in Mid City. They cater more to western tastes, so if you're looking for something more traditional go somewhere else. This is backed up by their newer menu which is much smaller than before and removed many homestyle dishes. 
The pho broth is really good, so the pho in turn is good. I recommend the pho tai (fresh sliced beef filet). The slice beef filet was so tender. The ga roti (rotisserie chicken) was too dry but it still tasted good. The Vietnamese iced coffee was weaker than traditional style but still packs a punch for people who aren't used to it. I prefer the stronger version but some people may prefer their version.Before you walk in to this restaurant, you can already smell that it's going to be good. I ordered the bacon and shrimp spring rolls, the lamb lollipops and the shaken pho. 
The spring rolls were just ok. I probably wouldn't waste my money on them again. They lacked flavor. For me, they were a disappointment. 
The Lamb Lollipops were delicious. They were rare and tender. They are a definite must have. They were well seasoned, juicy and full of flavor. 
Finally I had the Shaken Pho with Filet Mignon. Holy cow that was the best broth I've ever had in a bowl of pho. The steak was chunked instead of sliced, but it was tender and delicious. I was full, but I couldn't stop eating. So good!
I did the check in to get the dessert, but they said they didn't have any more. I would have loved to try it after all that.Fresh and delish!  I first stumbled upon Namese after a workout class.  I was searching for Vietnamese food open after 9pm.  This was my only option, and was I glad.   I had the grilled chicken spring rolls with their housemade peanut sauce and the chicken vermicelli.  Both were great made with obviously fresh ingredients.  When I picked up my takeout order the manager on duty told me that they deliver!!!!!!!!!!
He handed over a takeout/delivery menu and said that they delivered to midcity and Lakeview neighborhoods! Had our first delivery tonight! Yummy!  Combination vermicelli is awesome!Namese, hip, cool, TASTY!!! 
Met a friend here for lunch and at 12:15pm the place was packed so I knew I was in for a good meal! 
We sat at the bar and were greeted by a very friendly and knowledgeable bartender. Our two Vietnamese coffees came out right away and they were perfect! 
My friend recommend that we have the Pho & Ban Mi combo with an order of spring rolls.
The spring rolls came out fast and they were fresh and delicious with a peanut sauce that's just makes you want to lick the plate. 
The combos took a while but I completely understand since the place was packed. 
My (mini) Pho was hardy and packed with meatballs and the freshest herbs and jalapeños ever.    
The roasted pork Bánh Mi stole the show! The sear on it was perfect and the bread was light and crunchy like it had just come out of the oven. Defiantly one of the best I've had in the city.
I will say the $45 dollars was a little pricey but I think worth it. 
Definitely keep this palace in mind for lunch or a casual dinner out with friends or your better half. 
Ps. Sorry but no photos was too busy catching up with my friend ;-)Namese is a new-age twist on traditional Vietnamese food done right! From the environment to the friendly staff to the great food, it is definitely a spot to check out!
But first thing's first, let me explain why I didn't give Namese the full 5 stars. The service was a little unorganized tonight, and the servers seemed a little nervous. BUT considering it was the first night with a brand new menu (this isn't a chain restaurant; everything is still new) and the minor technical difficulties with communication between the servers and kitchen, I have to say that they did well with what they were given. I am positive that with a little time and a working system of communication (it's an electronic system), the service will improve tremendously. Aside from that, everyone (and I mean EVERYONE) on staff was really friendly and we were well taken care of. 
First impression: Namese was beautifully designed, inside and out! It has a very cool and contemporary look that can easily transform from a great place to have lunch during the day to a nice lounge/bar dinner spot at night. The walls are lined with TV's for whoever wants to watch the game (or cartoons for kids!) and outdoor seating is offered as well. Overall, Namese gives off a really comfortable and chill ambiance that anyone would enjoy. And they have WIFI!
Food: Namese does NOT disappoint. The quality of the food is great, the portions are perfect, and the prices are low!!
We ordered quite a bit so bear with me. The phu quoc wings (MUST HAVE) were really juicy and marinated in a light, but flavorful dressing (if it's not enough then you can always ask for more sauce on the side!). The crab rangoon was a slight variation of your typical Chinese restaurant rangoon, but still delicious. The papaya salad and springrolls were both very light and refreshing, and the springrolls can come with bacon! The fried calamari was also cooked perfectly; it wasn't chewy as some restaurants make it. Finally we got the banh mi trio (MUST HAVE), which is three samplings of their Vietnamese po-boys - all three of which are packed with yummy goodness.
Moving on to our entrees! We ordered the bun bo hue, which was decent. We also ordered the pork belly steamed buns (a small cut of perfectly cooked pork served in a steam bun with carrots, herbs, and a sauce) and lemongrass steak&chicken (served with rice), both of which are great lunch choices. We also got the caramelized catfish place (MUST HAVE) which is packed with flavor and served with rice.
Desserts: Namese offers three desserts: banana bread pudding, mung bean balls, and cream buns. All three were decent; not my favorite part of dinner. A scoop of ice cream with each would have made them appeal more to me.
Drinks: For those of you who like to enjoy an alcoholic beverage with your food, you should really consider this place. Aside from a wine list, we tried three of Namese's cocktails: the lychee martini (MUST HAVE), the lemongrass martini which was a house favorite, and the tamarind daquiri. They also serve boba tea with the option to add alcohol to it!
Overall, Namese is a great Vietnamese restaurant with an amazing atmosphere, low prices, and great food. I am definitely going to return and highly recommend everyone to give it a try.The food is delicious and the portions are huge. I found the service to be quite good and the place is sparkling clean and new. I share a previous reviewer's  shock at finding such a pretty place at Carrollton and Tulane. I did eat inside as it was a bit cool that day but I want to go back and eat on the patio! 
It has been a couple of weeks. I know I should have reviewed sooner and now I can't remember exactly what I ordered but it involved tofu and noodles and I enjoyed it. My mother has eaten here a couple of times and really likes it.Great food!!!! Great service....the calamari is AMAZING!!!! The brisket pho is amazing. The spring rolls are amazing.Duck Bao - it's like a Vietnamese Taco.  The Peking Duck & the dough is PERFECT.  I'm not for "spicy", but it was all Delish!!!  Smashed it!So got sick and didn't have anyone to bring me soup so I planned to just go to the nearest Pho restaurant and that happened to be Namese. It worked out great because they deliver and to my house of all places! Thanks guys great service and my order was hot and correct!HI love this place. I've been coming here for a while and still sticking with them. I love combination pho and shaken beefI have the short rib shaken pho and my partner have the shrimp curry.. the best pho I have ever have and partner love the curry..the service is great also..Exactly what Midcity needed.  I was hesitant to go in because the parking lot was packed and I had to park in the side lot, but they had more than enough tables to accommodate us.  
I've had a good sampling of most of what they have to offer: house-cured bacon and shrimp spring rolls (delicious, try it!), grilled pork banh mi (delicious), pork belly banh mi (overly decadent, but delicious), and pho (delicious).
They are very quick and efficient. 
A perfect lunch spot.I came here yesterday on a date. We were ordering take out so we decided to sit at the bar while we waited for our food to come out. That is when I realized that I really really love this place. The bartender here is FANTASTIC!  Truly a man who values what he does and loves working with people. He gave us "tastes" of the different in house syrups they make. He also made me the MOST delicious iced coffee with horchata drink EVER. This bartender is a man who puts so much pride into his drinks that it lets me know that this a restaurant who takes pride in the food they serve and the people they hire. Sitting up front we got to see how the staff interacts with each other and what I noticed was everyone taking time and care and attention to the plates and drinks that they were serving. That is SO important. All of their syrups (the tamarind syrup and the lemongrass syrup) are made in house. Avocado ice cream- is the bomb. Sitting at the bar was so great, I whole heartedly recommend sitting at the bar to eat your food. My grilled pork banh mi was SO good (grilled pork) and very large. Good job Namese.If you haven't tried the "shake it" pho yet, it's definitely a must! Filled with so much flavor and you get a huge portion! And the banana bread pudding tastes like heaven! Will always come back!Oh yeah.  I have  to say when they were opening the place up I was skeptical whether it would be taking a chance on it, but as a yelper (even if I am a noob), I felt compelled.  
The Pho is on point.  And I'm a snob when it comes to Pho.  Noodle to broth ratio is perfect.  Love the presentation.  However I'm not impressed with the$3.50 limeade.  Nothing special enough to charge that much.  
The place is very clean an modernistic for a Vietnamese Pho resteraunt.  Very impressed.  Pricing not too bad.  Comparable to most other places.  Just glad this is near the house.  
Enjoy!Update: I went back and tried the Filet Mignon Pho, and it was great. Comparing it Mopho, the other MidCity Vietnamese restaurant, Namese is head and shoulders better. Their broth possesses all the flavor that Mopho lacksFirst time here. Just two of us and we ordered mussels, lamb lollipop, seafood phô and payaya salad. We asked for extra plate so we can share the food but then the waiter told us normally is cost $2 extra but he not gonna charge us this time. Failed. The food was delicious.The chicken pho was full bodied with lots of noodles, Asian basil and cilantro. The grilled salmon and grilled shrump summer rolls were tasty but had very small amounts of salmon and shrimp compared to the amount of greens in each roll. The grilled salmon summer roll at $11.50 was priced too high since it had so little salmon in it. Our waiter Jordan was a delight and Gabriel, another waiter was very personable.Yuck! I grew up eating Vietnamese food my whole entire life. This one, I know for sure, isn't authentic Vietnamese food. They can't even prepare a simply rice platter with cornish hen. How hard was that? The dish only consists of white jasmine rice, lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, and deep fried cornish hen over fish sauce. Seriously? Their bubble tea was the worst ever. It provokes me even more to recall how fancy and delicious those bubble tea drinks sound from our waitress. Such a liar. Word of advice: if you didn't master your bubble tea specialty yet, please don't put it on your menu.Ed the bartender and Franky the beautiful redhead, Rachel the sweet girl from Huntsville, AL, were absolutely the coolest! From the moment I walked in, friendly, warm, happy people ready to pour love on you. 
Also have super delicious food and best of all, they gave me a ton of other awesome places to eat, drink and groove.  
Much love y'allThe food was very good!!! Great twist of modern favors with traditional authentic vietnamese cuisineOkay, I'm catching up on my reviews. :-)
My husband and I ate at Namese for the first time a couple of weeks ago. I am normally not a fan of Vietnamese cuisine but I really enjoyed it. We sat on the Patio and the ambiance was so nice.  The waiter was great and very attentive (so sorry I can't remember his name). This restaurant is pretty special.What a great new restaraunt.  Went on a weeknight and the place was packed! The wait staff is very attentive and knowledgeable. The food is great and the portions are generous. I asked my waiter and the ownership has not changed since it was Carrollton seafood, a run down sandwich package liquor and check cashing place and it has not. What a breath of fresh air! Helping our neighborhood grow. Great outdoor dining and very modern decorImmediately when we stepped out of the car and smelled what was lingering in the air,  we knew we were about to have something delicious. This was our first visit,  so we asked what is the most popular dish. "Beef noodle soup" said David, our server. Done. Wife gets that. So I ask what's David's favorite. "Shaken Beef". Done. That's for me. Both dishes were fantastic! Great staff. Friendly, cosy atmosphere. Easy on the wallet. Highly recommended!Will Return. The fried dumplings were very good, and the chili dipping sauce was a standout for flavor. It's crowded at lunchtime, so I could only fit in an afternoon snack, but the menu definitely needs further exploration.Just ok, had a strawberry margarita that costs $9 but tastes like $3. Had the Ducky Cuban because everyone here was commenting how good it was, it is not really a Bah Mi you guys, it is a pressed panini. I was very confused. 
Service was friendly, and the place is clean. They have a good vibe since I love outdoor seating. Overall, I have had better so I don't really know if I will be back.How many restaurants can you take a vegan, and omnivore, and a gluten-free person to and have everyone satisfied???  NAMESE!!!  The waiter talked to each person about their likes and even consulted with the chef.  All of us left full and happy fro the delicious experience.  
Oh, and out door seating for the pooch!Great Vietnamese food in a clean atmosphere. If you have a car and are visiting NOLA, then I highly recommend Namese. Went for lunch and we had Brisket Pho, tasty broth, nice noodles. Also had order of BBQ Shrimp Bun which was great. My nephew had a Banh Mi, which he devoured and price was right for Banh Mi at $4.50.
This place is a winner. I'm hesitant to write a review since I don't want this place overrun by other tourists!I never thought I'd be dining al fresco on a beautiful patio located...at the corner of Carrollton and Tulane? I saw how nice the exterior was as we pulled up but it really is even nicer than you can imagine once you are seated on the patio. We didn't go inside so I can't speak to that. 
I wanted to order one of everything but I restrained myself. We started with the banh mi sample, I liked the shrimp the best but husband liked the other two. I recommend just getting a banh mi instead though, just to get the bang for your buck. We also got the pork roll and pate banh mi and the serving size was much more than the appetizer. They were out of pork belly, so sad, so we didn't sample any of that.  Grilled shrimp spring rolls were good, caramel catfish was very good and the green papaya salad was my favorite!
Staff was great and welcoming. We will definitely be back often. So glad this is on the neighborhood!Food was delicious, and served in sizable portions. We went on New Years Eve because we had a party of 15 and there was basically nowhere else accepting reservations at the time we made them. It was very reasonably priced and casual (we were glad we hadn't yet dressed to go out). Our server was so awesome and accommodating and really made it a great night (especially when it came to a bunch of separate checks at the end). 
You may be wondering, "This sounds awesome! Why the 3 stars?" So here's the deal: we made an initial reservation on OpenTable, but then had a surprise guest say they wanted to come. We called to see if we could add one to the reservation and were rudely informed that OpenTable was down. We asked if we still had a reservation (to clarify if we needed to scramble to find something else), and JJ, the manager, said "Did you not hear what I said? OpenTable is down." He was rude essentially for the duration of the phone call (and when we had to call back because the sound on his end cut out) and then when he was bringing us our food, he was rude to people about handing it out and made several comments to people about being more attentive - we were in a large group, so even though we were reasonably attentive, it's going to take a second to get food out. Also when he left, he commented on being happy that he's the boss since he can leave early (and leave his employees at work). That rubbed me the wrong way - I know it's New Years, but it didn't feel like a friendly joke, it felt like a snub. 
Overall, good food, great service (from everyone but the manager), and try and avoid JJ.Oh yes. Great food, tons of healthy options, very reasonably priced. Lighting is a little fonky, but no matter. Try it, you'll like it.My Passion fruit bubble tea was horrible.. The whole blender was full ( because she puf so much ice) , the employee put too much ice & no milk/ tea. She just put in ice & powder. , it took her 8 minutes to make it, she kept tasting it and tasting it and adding more things to it( knowing that she hadnt been prepared correctly). She knew that it was not good and i am very upset that she didnt just make me a new one and i paid almost $7 at the register for it before hand. The place is sooo nice, but i felt like i should have gone back on and requested a refund. "Rolls & Bowls" in metiarie is cheaper and better.Vietnamese restaurants are exploding all over the city and this one is in Mid City. I had dinner with some friends and we all said it was fine...but....
Between the 4 of us two had the combo pho and two had the vegan. The beef broth for the combo was deemed way too salty and the vegan broth was too bland. My companions did like that they could add their own rare beef to the broth ensuring that it didn't overcook and I liked the assortment of veggies in the vegan. The meat eaters did enjoy the wing appetizer and I really liked the veggie spring roll; the firm lettuce inside the rice paper gave it a really nice texture/crunch. 
Because one of my friends decided to order a sandwich to go for the next day, I did too. My next day tofu banh mi was very tasty but a little dry...but it was a day old.
The parking lot is kind of a mess and yes the "lot" next door is a bit sketchy since it's mostly dirt/sand and people park willy-nilly in both. The restaurant space is kind of amazing considering that this was once an oil change joint before being a generic sandwich shop. Good job to the designer/architects. Our service was earnest but distracted. 
I'll definitely try it again and maybe do a rice or noodle dish instead. I did like that they give you a snack/amuse bouche of shrimp crackers with some sauceI've been going to Namese and ordering the shrimp salad and the spring rolls each time and both are good, but it was this last lunch where I got the special - BBQ shrimp that really got me hooked. The subtleties of the shrimp were yummy along with the lovely salad served and rice. It was all perfect - the portion, the flavor, and the table service. I highly recommend this spot in MidCity.I've seen this restaurant so many times, but I finally tried for the first time today for lunch. The menu was great - a nice mix of the Vietnamese classics you'd expect to find along with some more creative options. Everything was delicious!Do yourself a favor and go to Namese. Right now. I mean it, GO. The Shaken Pho has a wonderfully rich broth, I've had the filet and chicken versions several times, it is perfect every single time. It is unlike any pho I have had before. I wouldn't say I am a connoisseur, but I have had most of the pho offerings in this city and Namese is hands down, the best. As for entrees... The Shaken Beef is also great, full of flavor and sweet, savory goodness. Service is always spot on and the food is even consistent with pick up and delivery. Yum. Yum. Yum.Food here is pretty good! I've been here countless amounts of times since they've opened and have had plenty of dishes. I have rarely been disappointed! 
I like their banh mi pho. I don't like the broth separately,which makes me question their pho (Bf had it and liked it. I didn't try it so I can't comment.), but with the banh mi, it was nice. And their softshell crab with crabby rice is probably the best thing I've had there. So good!
Appetizers are okay. Banh mi trio was soggy when it came to my table, but the flavor was good. Didn't like the fried calamari, but the sautéed calamari was nice and buttery. I really enjoyed the papaya salad, but I wish it were spicier. 
Btw, I ordered to go there today and the portions were huge and my order was done in 15 minutes. Perfect!
All-in-all, it's good and close to home, which makes it a 4 star restaurant.Ordered take-out here for my first try based on reviews.  I ordered the bun (vermicelli) with pork--my standard take-out for Vietnamese restaurants--the way I compare one with another.  The portion was generous; the dish was a little spicier (hot) than others I've had.  I don't associate hot (chili/pepper) with Vietnamese dishes I've had.  The pork was good--no gristle or fat.  The service was ok.  I was quite surprised to be charged a .50 pick-up charge. I've never paid a pick-up charge at any other restaurant in New Orleans.  I looked at the on-line menu before calling in my order.  When I picked it up, the price was higher than the price listed on the on-line menu.  I noted that the website says prices can change without notice, but I would think it would be a simple matter to update the prices on the menu on the website.  I was also charged a higher tax rate than the usual 9% sales tax that I paid at another Vietnamese restaurant nearby a week ago.  I will check into what the appropriate rate is for New Orleans restaurants.  Based on my experience, I would not go to Namese again.A Mid City gem. The pho is awesome. The beef broth is my favorite with all the onions and cilantro in the broth. Ahhh!!!! Service is excellent and fast. The staff is extremely knowledgeable of the menu. Also, the smoothies are good too. I always leave in the best mood.I have eaten at ~30 Pho shops over the past 6 years having come from southern CA and I have to say, this is the best Pho bar NONE!  Keep up the good work, the great service and the quality ingredientsI was impressed with the many GLUTEN FREE options available , and posted on the menu instead of having to pick the waiters brain!! Also, it is great that it is open on MONDAY!  The food was pretty tasty! I will patronize this place!This place rules! They have great Vietnamese food! Every dish is delicious! Our server Brandon was super sweet and helpful! Will definitely come
back!BLUF:  Currently not many Mid-City Vietnamese options but this one is pretty dang good.  Great apps, entrees and bubble tea.
 On Carrollton, in a kinda shady part of town but it was fine.  This area is getting more and more gentrified and this place def caters to the well to do and not their immediate neighbors (I have mixed feelings about that).  None of the staff was Vietnamese and the atmosphere was very yuppie/pretencious in my opinion.  But it was nice but just didnt have an authentic atmosphere. (the food seemed authentic though)  
We started with the calamari and it was awesome.  Really good.  I got a vermicelli bowl with a little of everything; pork, beef etc.  It was really good.  I need to start getting it without the salad underneath the noodles.  I avoid the salad part cuz there is something about mixing noodles with salad that I think is gross.  This entree was definitely good though.  
My lady got a pho with spicy beef.  Crazy spicy so not my style.  She liked it though.
We got bubble teas to go.  Bubble teas tend to be different where ever we go.  here they are really really good even though they are kinda like a daiquiri in texture which I usually dont like. They were really really good and I would probably get one every time.Located right off of I-10. It was nice to go back to tan area which I grew up in. There was a gas station there before. The owners if this restaurant did a good job of renovating it without losing the whole look of the previous location. The menu included Vietnamese dishes I have not heard of or tasted. The next time I go there I wanted to try the Duck Cuban Sandwich and the Shaken Beef with rice and an egg! The waitress was ok but the guys who brought the good out were friendly.Great atmosphere for a medium sized group. Lovely outdoor seating. The appetizers and food are presented very well and everything was super tasty. And the entire place was very clean.Tried this place out for lunch on a saturday.  Considering the location, I would not come here at night, there are unsavory characters in the area.  There was a nice outdoor patio and modern decor.  The pho was extremely expensive considering you can get a small for $6 bucks elsewhere.  I had to deduct this review by a star for the price.  However, the pho was delicious!  A lot of places make pho, but very rarely does it taste good, and so far I liked the flavor here.  My friend got the pho and banh mi combo which is a nice option.  Again on the pricey side for pho but great for variety.  I had a bubble tea which was overly sweet and they ran out of strawberries so the server just had them make the smoothies with just honeydew without asking me first.  My friend had an alcoholic lemongrass beverage.  Originally, I thought, wow, a vietnamese place that serves cocktails, awesome!  However, the drink was tiny and had no taste of alcohol and was over $10.  All in all, I am glad they are new vietnamese spots popping up all over, but not at these prices.No! Despite its hype, the food here is mediocre at best. 
Came here on a Wednesday afternoon with a friend. She was very excited to come to this place because it had been a while since she had eaten here. Despite living in Mid City for six years I still have not tried this place even though I pass it up all the time. So we were both excited for this culinary treat. 
However when our appetizers came our feelings probably started turning to regret. We ordered the five-spice tofu. The description on the menu only stated that they were going to be seasoned with five spice. We ordered it, thinking it was a vegetarian dish. It's not. App was drenched in fish sauce. There were no appetizer plates and the server quickly ran off before I had a chance to tell her to bring it back. 
My friend ended up telling me to not worry about it after we had been sitting there for 15 minutes waiting for her to come back. Shortly after our food arrived. Pho was full of MSG and not much other ingredients.
But honestly the biggest insult had to be the condiments. Their sriracha sauce was very diluted and no longer spicy at all. And I have no idea what they are attempting to pull off as their hoisin sauce. The stuff on their tables is salty! In fact saltier than the soy sauce my friend had requested! In all my life of eating Asian Foods involving hoisin sauce especially homemade Chinese food I have never encountered salty hoison. Its flavor palette as supposed to be sweet and tangy! After all, its American nickname is Chinese BBQ sauce.
Only reason why they got two stars instead of one is because they have a cute outdoor seating area. However, based on their food and service, I will definitely not be going back.My first time trying Namese. I love Vietnamese food was looking forward to it. We were able to sit immediately two people and a baby carrier. We ordered the shrimp spring rolls so fresh and delicious! Then the chicken bun which is my favorite dish. It was great!!!! My only complaint is took our server awhile to come over and her service was pretty slow whole time even though it wasn't overly busy. Will definitely go back!!Service was great! Our waiter was ever so attentive. He was personable, helpful with suggestions, and kept our table clear without being overbearing. However, we went for food. I'm sad to say that outside of our appetizer (wings), the food left something to be desired. It's yelp rating set our mouths up for disappointment. Fresh but tasteless.I haven't tasted food like this since I was in Thailand!
The egg rolls were to die for; a lovely fusion of spices, fresh herbs, and honey. I ordered the oxtail pho as an entrée, and it was perfectly filling with enough left over to take home for another meal. I want it every time I have a cold! The bone broth is slow cooked at the restaurant. You can order the main ingredient in the pho to be pan seared in garlic oil and onions before they add it to the broth. 
My husband ordered the surf'n'turf and there was nothing left on his plate before we left. We ordered more egg rolls to take home because they were so delicious. 
We definitely have a new favorite restaurant! I'm legitimately glad that this place is not in my hometown because I'd be broke all the time.all of the food we ordered was delicious, fresh tasting, and well prepared.  
ordered the banh mi (vietnamese meatball) and pho combination-most definitely a deal for 10 or so dollars.  it was a very hardy meal for that price. 
also had the crepe and a few steamed buns.  all very flavorful and fresh.
I went during their soft opening and everyone was very friendly and looked like they were all working hard to get used to everything.  despite not having much experience with their system and staff in action, everyone was very attentive and our order was prepared quickly.  
the addition of this restaurant to the once blighted corner is an exciting step in the right direction for tulane ave and the surrounding neighborhood.  hopefully this will further entice development along this stretch of road.  shops and restaurants on tulane ave anchored by Namese on one end and Treo on the other! 
its also really nicely decorated inside.  
This is definitely my new go to neighborhood restaurant.Great food! 4 stars on the food for sure! Unfortunately, 2 stars on service. I hate to judge an entire restaurant based upon one server but this guy was really upset that I had a couple questions about the menu before I made my decision. He literally walked away while I was talking to him. I'll be back and hopefully have a better server next time.Went the other day on several suggestions from friends. There's a bit of a wait for lunch because of this place being new & good! Had a nice, satisfying lunch. We split the spring rolls that were good. I had the pho combo, which included a medium size bowl and half a bahn mi. 
Definitely order the pork belly bahn mi, it is an awesome Vietnamese version of a cochon de lait po boy. I highly recommend Namese for your Pho fix!We had a great meal tonight. Cornish hen was better than the really good soft shell crab. Definitely going back.why are you closed on sundays?! all i want is your delicious pho when i'm hungover and you're not there for me!This place is modern and clean.  Staff were very welcoming and gave excellent service.  There is free parking in their private lot which is a nice change coming from the French Quarter where I paid $14 for 2.5 hrs of parking.  The food was decent.  I tried  the beef stew and duck bao.  The sauce for the bao was okay.  It tasted like any basic BBQ sauce, not like hoisin sauce in Peking duck.  Don't expect any crispy duck skin to go with the bao.  They used coconut milk in the beef stew, it was a bit different than what I'm used too but it wasn't too bad.  For anyone who wants to check this place out, come for the nice atmosphere and excellent service.  Just be aware that the food tasted a bit on the asian fusion side.Can't wait to come back for more. They are open later than other Vietnamese restaurants (they mostly close at 9) and the food and service are great.Went here yesterday for dinner because of all the praise on yelp and I have to say, someone is really overselling this place. In a city full of great Vietnamese food you can easily find better. Go somewhere else. Otherwise the service was prompt and very nice. The drinks were maybe too strong and obviously made cheaply.Even though I have never been back to the restaurant, we oder delivery frequently.  This restaurant continues to offer incredibly tasty food and now it's right to our door.  Our favorites are the crab rangoon, the ban mi and the noodle bowls.With all of the great options for pho in New Orleans, it's a little mind boggling that this place is rated so highly. The space and decor are fine, and the service is acceptable, but certainly not anything special. The food is the real issue here...
Started with the pork belly tacos. They were decent, but a little lacking in flavor. My entree was the chicken pho / pork banh mi combo. Pho was ok. Again a little lacking in flavor, but overall it was edible. The banh mi was quote disapointing. The bread was soggy and the flavor of the sandwich was just not up to par with any of the good Vietnamese options around the city.
Overall not a very pleasant experience. Pho is something I really enjoy, and I'll continue to do so at other restaurants.This restaurant is right by Carrollton & the interstate, in a high traffic area. While the food is good, the atmosphere is dismal. You enter in through their covered patio/deck and are greeted by two lovely glass rimmed fire pits and are lured into asking for a seat outdoors. It would be lively, except there is so much noise from traffic and harsh glaring street lights and your view is of the run down strip mall across Carrollton Ave. none of it is pleasant nor relaxing. 
It's a shame because the food was not bad, actually some of it was quite good. We ordered the Vietnamese egg rolls, which were pretty standard, and the fried chicken wings in garlic sauce which were quite good. We both ordered the "Shaken Pho" (just meant they stir-fried the meat instead of putting it in the hot pho broth to cook). But it sounded delicious: "wok-seared in bone marrow oil with garlic and onions." It was good, just did not taste as exciting as it sounded and you couldn't even tell it was wok seared since it was soaking in pho broth anyways. Anyways, we both ordered the short rib version and the server came out to tell us they were out of short rib. To be fair, we came about an hour before closing, so, nbd. We opted for the filet mignon shaken pho, which was pretty basic and tasted good.
So, the food is good, the atmosphere is nice-ish out on the patio, and sterile, but clean-appearing inside, but the location is the worst. Of note, they are opening a sister restaurant "serving boiled seafood" on Magazine and Louisiana in the old New Orleans Music exchange building that is being renovated right now. The food was good enough tonight that I would go try it when it opens.I have been dying to try this place and what better way to experience your birthday dinner than celebrating here! We were able to make reservations for a group of 7 for dinner. The whole dining experience was fabulous and the server was super attentive, but almost annoyingly attentive... Now to be fair we are a big group of girls who are indecisive with ADHD..oh look squirrel..so I'm sure the server was trying to do her best trying to get everyone to make a decision.  I ordered the coconut chicken lemongrass curry and it was delicious and so much food that I took a to go box home with me. The other girls ordered a variety of other things with huge portions. Vermicelli was spot on and yummy but the pho missed its mark. Others remarked that it wasn't very flavorful... 
I would like to try this establishment again. Great for a group(if you sit outside). There is a heater outside so you won't be freezing in the 3 weeks of cold that New Orleans has to offer.The food is way too sweet. The grilled pork was incredibly sweet and the bubble tea was also very sweet. Also the powder was not fully dissolved in the tea. Overall overpriced and disappointing.I came here having read good reviews about it. But it wasnt something I expected. The crab rangoon tasted a bit weird. Pretty sure it was just wonton wrap cream cheese (at least that's what it tasted like). The pho was a too little for that price. The pork belly bun (I think) was definitely not what I expected. It was too salty. 
The atmosphere was weird. As soon as I sat down, I started coughing. Thinking its my asthma acting up. But no, other customers all came in and sat down started to cough. Its something about the environment I guess.The pho was quite good.  I got shaken short rib. The waitress was unable to explain to me how the shaken differed from regular short rib other than a little more expensive. I gave it a go and enjoyed it.  Wish they gave more meat tho.  I also appreciate that they are open a little later than other restaurants outside tourist areas. Everything seems to close at 8 or 9pm. They are open til 10pm and that's how they got my business.A hot bowl of pho is just so satisfying !! Best part ? Check in on yelp and the restaurant gives out free banana breadpudding, and it was SUPERLICIOUS!!!Funky hipster vibe Vietnamese place that has really done a nice job fixing this spot up inside.  The pho is a generous serving and they also offer a really super spicy hot sauce chili oil to go along with it that will certainly clear your sinuses.  The service is generally attentive and prices are reasonable except the bahn mi seemed too expensive but they were larger than most places.  This is one of the few Vietnamese joints also offering a full bar selection.  They seem to have created a popular reputation and stay pretty busy here which brings up the main downside which is their small and generally crowded parking lot which you need to be cautious when navigating.  Overall this is a pretty nice place to enjoy a good meal at a good price and its also a nice spot for social gatherings.Thoroughly pleased with this new neighborhood Vietnamese restaurant. From the edgy decor, to what has to be one of the friendliest staff's of any Asian restaurant i've ever been to, Namese has certainly earned themselves a 'favorite' spot of mine after only one visit. 
I decided to stop in on a walk back home a few days ago but had no idea what i was in the mood for. I asked the guy up front for his recommendations based on what i gave him as far as what i wanted to eat and he suggested the Vermicelli combo, i didn't get his name but THANK YOU for that reco. It was friggin delicious and well worth the price. On my way out he told me to let him know what i thought and i haven't been back since to let him know but i'll certainly be back soon for more! 
I really was not expecting such a change in this place from what it used to be, it's truly amazing what they've done with it. The demographic went from pretty sketchy people to businessmen and doctors almost overnight! I noticed the renovations going on with the place (which didn't seem like a long process to me) and the owners ought be very happy with the outcome, nice job guys!I really like this places. Try the fried
Cornish hen and the spring rolls!! Also great service!They have pretty decent food and the deliver in the neighborhood Their veggie options with Tofu have too much tofu and not many vegetables. Curries are very mild (in heat and flavor). Prices are high.Service was quick and the food was delicious! My friends were looking for vegan food in NOLA and absolutely loved it. I had their combination vermicelli and really enjoyed it! The food was flavorful and their dessert was delicious as well!So. A group of friends and I went to Namese on Mardi gras. I was treating them to cocktails and my bf ordered the dark and stormy. Our waitress came back to let us know y'all were out of ginger beer and that he could do ginger ale instead and he agreed. She came back to say that the bartender REFUSED to make the drink because they thought it would be nasty. Like....this is a decent Vietnamese place not the Waldorf. There is no reason that his drink couldn't be made the way he wanted. It's not our fault y'all were out of ginger beer. I'm a bartender myself and I would have no problem making this substitution. At the end of the day all you're doing is losing business and a great tip. It was so snobby and unnecessary. And the service was very slow. And y'all were out of rice and I had to get cold vermicelli for my entree instead. I do want to add that our waitress was very sweet.If you live anywhere near mid city, you know the options for good Vietnamese food are pretty dismal.  I can't put into words how excited I was to see a Vietnamese cafe opening within walking distance to my house!  The pho gods are smiling down on me!  
I was super excited to try Namese and it didn't disappoint!  Namese is a cute and modernly stylish Vietnamese cafe that has recently opened on the corner of S. Carrollton and Tulane Ave.  This area is pretty run down and trashy and is in serious need of new businesses, so this was a welcome addition to my hood.  (Stayed tuned also for Treo that will be opening soon)  
I really like the atmosphere and decor. It's modern and warm.  There's an really nice outside patio area with a good amount of seating, albeit close together.  I'm sure after the meal there with my friend, that others around me know intimately about my physical and emotional well being, as well as the antics I plan to take part in this weekend.  I heard one man remark about how it was a little difficult to get in and out of his chair because the tables were close together.  It's a small thing, but removing a couple of tables might help the situation.  Decor gets a B+
The staff was beyond friendly!  We were asked numerous times how things were going and if we needed suggestions, etc.  It was nice, and I was glad to see a young staff working so hard to make the new restaurant a success.  Another unnamed Vietnamese place (that I happen to love), has a young staff and their service really suffers because they don't seem to care very much.  Definitely not the case here.  Service gets an A+
Let's eat!
We started with the crab rangoon appetizer. I'm a crab rangoon junkie, so if it's on the menu, I'm ordering it.  With that being said, I very rarely get crab rangoon that I think is amazing.  I eat a lot that's good...but not amazing.  The amazing title for crab rangoon is still held by China Doll.  In my 41 years of living on this earth...it's always held the number one spot.  I would say that Namese's crab rangoon is good.  Not great.  The bad:  They were VERY greasy.  Also the inside was not hot enough.  It was barely warm.  Both of these characteristics lead me to believe that the oil they fried them in wasn't hot enough.  The good:  While not hot enough, the flavor of the filling was very good.  If it were hot enough and oozing all over the place, it would've been so much better.  They serve it with a dip that can be compared to chimichurri.  It was delicious!  I found the value to not be as good as you get at most Vietnamese restaurants.  It was $6 and came with 4 very small rangoons.  
Next, we shared the banh mi trio sampler.  It was 3 small slices of bruchetta with different meats and the standard banh mi pickled veggies.  They were very good, but again, a poor value.  It was also $6.  When you think about the fact that you can get an entire sandwich for that price, $6 was just too much for what you got.  
For our entrees, I had the lemongrass chicken bun (vermicelli noodles).  I was delighted when the waitress corrected my pronunciation of bun.  I've been eating Vietnamese food for YEARS and no one ever corrected my pronunciation.  I hate when people say pho with a long O, and here I've been saying bun wrong.  Thank you waitress!  I then proceeded to impress her by counting to 10 in Vietnamese and telling her she was pretty in Vietnamese, etc. etc.  Well...I had to redeem myself.  It was absolutely delicious, but again, I can't help but compare the value/portion size to my favorite Vietnamese restaurant. The serving size was about 1/2 the size of the other place, and the same price.  
My friend had the pho ga.  She said it was good and seemed to be enjoying it.  It was the same serving size that you'd find at most Vietnamese restaurants.
Food gets a B+
Value gets a C
And I want to note...that I'm not as bothered by the price as I am about the portion size.  Had I not shared 2 appetizers, I still would've been hungry after eating my chicken bun bowl.  That has NEVER happened EVER at any Vietnamese place I've been to.  I usually never get apps and I'm stuffed after eating.  So even if they want to charge a little more for it, I'm actually fine with that for the convenience of not having to go to the Westbank...I just want to be full.
So all in all, I really enjoyed Namese and would definitely go back again.  I'm thrilled to welcome them to the neighborhood.  Give them a try!I eat at a lot of Vietnamese restaurants, but this is my new favorite. The combination Pho was chock full of meat and had a great flavor. Bahn mi was terrific too, as was the homemade vanilla ice cream.  Service was friendly and knowledgable, decor is modern and attractive, and the chef came to chat!  Can't wait to go back.  Also, it is open 10 to 10 so we were able to go when we got hungry at 4:30.If you are in Mid-city and craving Vietnamese then Namese is the place to go.  I have been here many times and never been disappointed.1st time visit yesterday with my little son. Service was great. I wanted a change and tried the pork belly bao - delicious! light! - it hits the spot. Also had the chicken banh mi. A good sandwich. My son had the pho ga.  We weren't expecting such a big bowl! He loved it.  We are fans and will definitely go back!This is the best Vietnamese food that I've had outside of New Orleans East. It was creative and original with out deviating too far from the standards that make traditionally prepared vietnamese great. we started with some dumpling and bubble tea, then my wife had the steamed buns filled with debris and I had the combination bûn. They also did an amazing job transforming a derelict blighted gas station into a comfortable upscale dining room.What I ordered:
Grilled Pork Spring Roll
Phó & Bánh Mì
    Roast pork bánh mì, and brisket phó.
Had dinner with a friend and she wanted to try this due to the good reviews. I must say the service was really fantastic. The gentleman that waited us was very attentive and courteous. 
On to the food! The spring rolls were great. They were tightly rolled and tasted fantastic. The roast pork sandwich was also delectable. I think the slaw on the sandwich really lightened it up and gave it a perfect tanginess. The brisket pho however was really bad. The broth itself had almost no flavor. I had to add lots of hoisin sauce and sriracha. The meat itself wasn't trimmed either so there was lots of large fat pieces. 
I would go back to Namese but will NOT order their pho.Amazing duck Vietnamese tacos! The fire pits outside are cozy and inviting as well. Great spot for dinner with friends.I really like this place!  I have invited friends from out of town to eat here with me...now it's almost a requirement when they visit.  The crabby rice with egg on top (appetizer), shaken filet mignon pho, and hot jasmine tea with honey are musts