Love this building. The Pimm's cup was really good. I also loved the bruschetta. The atmosphere alone is worth the stop. I loved the private room for our event. However, I wouldn't be disappointed to sit in the courtyard, it's beautiful!I was watching JFK and in the opening scene when the President gets shot, the main character says "lets go to Napoleons, they have a TV" and sure enough they filmed inside this restaurant.Excellent local cuisine at very affordable prices.  Located in a building 
with historical significance.  Great service and ambience.  Loved dining in the  courtyard.  I had a muffaletta, gumbo, and a Sazerac.This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. When my friends/family come to town I always take them here, especially if it is their first time.  The atmosphere and history of the restaurant is as great as the food and the price in not going to break your wallet.Love this place and come here every time I'm in New Orleans. I'm a big fan of sazeracs, and the never disappoint here. I don't think the extra price for the absinthe was worth it, though, as I tried them both with and without (hey, research!). The muffuletta had nice, flaky bread and delicious smoked ham, but the olive tapenade was a bit bland. All in all, though, when you combine opera, cocktails, and elegant shabbiness, you cannot go wrong!Pretty damn good for NOLA. Menu is simple, but includes some excellent Italian fare, as well as the stereotypical "Cajun" dishes. 
  Discovered this place after storming out of another nearby establishment. Was impressed by the drink menu as well as the charcuterie plate. The Boulevardier is superb, as is the Aperol Spritz. Rare treats are these in the southern US.
  The service was prompt and courteous, while also funny (but not patronizing).  The outside courtyard dining was pleasant. 
  Red beans and sausage are adequate. Two members of our party raved about the meatball sandwiches. The cassata and bread pudding are a wonderful finish. 
  So glad we found this place. It snatched dining victory from the jaws of tourist trap mediocrity.We went here based on the recommendation of a friend who grew up in the area, and we were not disappointed. 
First of all, the Napoleon House is beautiful. We later learned that it was a U.S. historic landmark, and it was a really cool experience just to sit and look around. 
The food was also amazing, we ordered the half muffuletta, which was HUGE but delicious. 
Lastly, atmosphere was great. Our waiter was funny and friendly, and happy to give us recommendations. 
Definitely a great place to check out!In LOVE with Napoleon House.
   Excellent Sazeracs. 
   Try the Corsican salad to start. Or, do as G and friend did and get the Jambalaya plate. They were practically fighting to lick the plate. Muffalettas are fab. G and Friend split a whole one and I had a quarter which they prepared meat free. Mmmmm. Wish we had this place in San Diego.
    Sat out in the courtyard and it was the most romantic, beautifully lit space. Realized we were slightly under cover when it started to drizzle and we didn't get wet.
    Really, I can't get over how delicious and beautiful this place is yet so CHEAP!As we walk up to this place, a guy in a horse drawn carriage yells to his tourists aboard, "The Napolean House has been around since the 1700's, they're know for their Pimm's Cup."
So, of course we have to check it out. 
And when you get inside, it looks like it's been around that long. Which is one of the cooler things about it. Dim lighting. We order a few Pimms Cups. They were okay. Not great, but okay. Kind of like everything else we got there. To be honest, I was surprised to see it had such high ratings on yelp. Had the Shrimp Romoulade. Okay. The gumbo, not bad. 
I would go back to order one drink and enjoy the eerie ambiance. That's about it.I can't remember our meal here too well. We split a muffaletta or however the hell you spell it, and it was huge, delicious, and well worth the price. The drinks were generously poured, and the service quaint. But the patio at dusk is well worth the visit: after shopping and walking and doing all that you do in New Orleans, it's pleasant to sit under the elephant ears and the bouganvilleas and rest, staring up at historical wrought iron, sipping at something, and listening to the cacophony of Bourbon start up ... again.The service was very friendly and the jambalaya was phenomenal. Decent local beer selection -- I really enjoyed the Abita. They also serve Dixie (lager), whose brewery was almost entirely destroyed by hurricane Katrina and is now apparently being rebuilt. The decor was western and dark and lovely. Good for an afternoon drink and snack.This place is one of my favorites.  I usually make it there at the end of my trip, so by that point, I'm only up for a light lunch and no alcohol!  As usual, I had a quarter of a muffuletta and a gumbo with a side of salad.  The muffuletta's here are excellent.  The bread is fresh, served warm and the cheese is melted.  You can buy either a quarter, half or whole sandwich.  When you order the gumbo and salad, they are small portions, which I like, after spending a week over doing it.  The seafood gumbo is fine, as is the salad, really, just fillers for the quarter of the sandwich. Service at the bar is good, and I can't wait for my next trip to NOLA.The muffuletta is as good as described. It's meaty, warm and the bread is soft as can be. The atmosphere is basis but service was prompt even though crowded.Food and service were excellent! Great atmosphere. The hostess working the door on Monday, November 21 lunch shift was extremely rude and unprofessional. Attitude check is definitely in order.We walk down da street til we can't walk in dis heat no mo. We go inside dis joynt and grab all da seats at da bar. We was like Oh ma God! Place is bodacious! We ate da muff and we ate da po boy and we ate da Pimms Cup #1. So good dat we want to live herre now. Fuck da rest.We popped in for a quick lunch. The muffuletta was great. I like it served warm. That's all I had, but it was a good muffuletta.Housed in a landmark building dating from 1797 that's rated among the most historically significant locations in New Orleans - it's on the National Register - Napoleon House incorporates two dining experiences under one roof. Napoleon House, with its casual atmosphere, is basically a bar and European-style cafe serving soups, salads, gumbo, and the local sandwiches for which New Orleans is famous - the muffaletta and the po' boy. Girod's Bistro serves Mediterranean and Southern French cuisine, heavy with accents of South Louisiana. (Many patrons of Napoleon House don't even realize that this dining room, with its Old World charm, operates under a different name.) Among the items you might find on its ever-rotating menu are Moroccan spiced lamb loin chops, Louisiana shellfish with Shiitake mushrooms on a bed of angel hair pasta, smoked rabbit jambalaya, and grilled salmon in a citrus cream sauce. Classical music provides a soothing background in both the cafe and bistro sections. Service is very friendly and attentive, professional without being stuffy.We've been here twice. Good vegetarian options. Solid drink choices. Casual.  Friendly, welcoming place. You want Jordan as your waiter.While in NOLA for a conference I wanted to try a Muffeleta and Sazerac... and stumbled across Napoleons House.  Ended up eating her 2x during that week.  The Muffeleta was better cold (ask for it cold, otherwise it comes out served warm).  Dixie beer was cold, and the small interior patio was small and charming.   Is most the clientele tourists ?  yes... but at least they are not out front hawking people to come in and dine on formica tables.  
This place still has a local feel to it....  although I'm sure I was just one of the many touristas visiting !The Pimms Cup had nothing on the Victory Bar (Central Business District) and the Cheese Plate was a major slap in the face (pedantic cheeses presented with no care or joy). 
From this Yelper's eyes, the place is a tourist joint running on a reputation that's about as dusty and musty as the window decorations.My first impression of Napoleon's was ruined when I saw a mouse crawling about on the floor at the next table.  The staff's reaction when I quietly told him?  "What would you like me to do about it?"  We were enjoying the fairly good food until then.  Interesting, history-filled building, but I won't be returning.First time I've been to NOLA and we went here for lunch. The service was awesome and the food delicious!!!!! And the history of the restaurant is awesome. It's a must to eat here!!!!I've been deciding if I should review Napoleon... All I had there was an Abita SOS and some incredible conversation. Three of us came here for an apertif. We crammed into the front corner of the busy bar. As we tourists chatted a bit, our neighbor perked up and joined in. He used to work here. In the 50s. We received a wonderful education that turned into a fun conversation ranging far beyond New Orleans.
I definitely will return next time in New Orleans and sample more.Came for lunch and the food, service and ambiance was excellent.   We split a muffuletta, red beans and jambalaya and the original Pimms.  Everything was great!!!I love the inside and outside look of this place. We sat outside and our waiter was super fun spirited. We had the famous pimm cups and muffuletta. The pimm cup was delicious but only one is good enough. After two I was like meh too much sugar.  
The muffuletta was tasty but I'm a simple chick and there was a lot going on in that sandwich. The chips are really good too!Walking into Napoleon House on Halloween, with classical music filling the atmosphere and a table of pirates front and center - like, people in real costumes, not just a patch over an eye and a plastic hook arm, but with plumage and fancy flair - was remAAARRRRkable.  Sitting in the courtyard sipping a Pimm's Cup, so fabulous French Quarter.  
I was wearing false eyelashes with long feathers on them. I don't wear these every day, but it was Halloween.   
"Are you wearing false eyelashes?"  I was asked by another patron.  No, my lashes are just naturally long green feathers.  "There's a young woman in the restroom who desperately needs help."  she said.  OMG, eyelash emergency!    I sprung into action.
She not only needed help with applying her lashes, but also with full makeup so she could look like a wenchy-witch to please her boss (er- pimp?)   I was in the ladies' room for about 15 minutes as this little urchin had never before worn makeup and needed to be talked down from her escalating anxiety of having a stranger touch her eyelids. 
I considered it my good deed for the day.  The upside - the table service was so unbelievably slow and inattentive, that when I finally returned to the table, our muffelatta had arrived.  
On this day we taste-tested muffelattas.  Napoleon House vs. Central Grocery.  Napoleon's was really quite good, but I decided I prefer the sandwich cold instead of warm as served here.We were here for the muffuletta and it did not disappoint! We all agreed this was the best dinner we had while in NOLA. The olive salad on the sandwich was amazing. Since they do not sell it I will get busy trying to copy it! FYI: the menus says muffuletta for 1 or 2. The muffuletta for 1 is enough for 2 people. But we got to take home the other half for later. It is huge and served warm on a wonderful crusty roll.Skip the food; you can eat better elsewhere for the same price. That's not the reason you came here anyway; If you want a muffuletta, just go to Central Grocery. You want to drink Pimm's Cups and Mint Juleps. Not that you can't get better versions of either a block up the street at The Hermes bar, but you came here for the atmosphere. That's what you came here for. You want to drink coll drinks out in a French Quarter courtyard. So, yeah, do that.Had the 1/2 muffilata and seafood gumbo. excellent my first time eating the muffilata and it was the bomb. the gumbo was ok or I would have giving them a 5. small cool place very retro and fun, my kinda place.This restaurant & bar is a New Orleans favorite, and I'm glad that I tried it for the first time back in 1997 on a previous trip, and returned again for lunch during my recent trip in late-February.  The Pimm's Cup cocktail and the Muffuletta sandwich are the things to order here....the Pimm's Cup is cool and refreshing, and the Muffuletta is delectable!  Great ambiance in both the patio and the restaurant.....I highly recommend Napolean House!A friend of mine who grew up in New Orleans told me tales of his underage drinking and debauchery here long ago, so I figured it'd have to be a decent place to get a drink on a lazy weekday afternoon.
I was right. We came here midday for a drink and a sandwich, and we weren't disappointed. We sat at a table next to the sidewalk. Our server was personable, kind and efficient. Jay H. had a Sazerac; I had a Pimm's Cup. Both were wonderful. The sun shone in through the trees on the sidewalk while we sipped our drinks and waved at the tours that pass by every few minutes. Our muffaletta was lightly toasted and was just the thing to satisfy us--not too much food, and not too little.
The restaurant itself is beautiful. If I had more time in the city, I'd be here every day.Design is nice but the food is regular that does not correspond to its price!!!we expected that the food should be delicious but we were very disappointed.  The host did not do a good job and did not make any effort to seat us where we wanted. Do not recommend.When you're picky eater says the muffuletta was the best thing he had the entire trip you know it's good. Definitely worth waiting for when the doors say 11am to open but more like 11:15 and then order full muffuletta to take with on the train ride home - worth it!! 
Have had muffuletta in many restaurants. This was by far the best! 
The only reason we went was Bc of a walking tour recommendation. So worth it! Came back for more!!Napoleon house is one of those rare places that make one long to return to a city, just to sit again in the shade of the ancient palms, drinking drinks in the sulfurous light of the old gas lamps.  The wait staff wear white, and glow faintly as they move soundlessly amongst the tables, I drank my first Pimms cup here, while being regaled with stories of gold coin, bribes and intrigue.Meh. That pretty much sums it up. Nothing against the service or the delicious Pimm's cup, but the food was certainly nothing special (especially after a fantastic meal at GW Fins the evening earlier) 
My husband and I split the spinach and artichoke dip. It was fine...nothing special. I had the turkey po'boy for dinner. They charge an additional $1.50 for cheese and $.45 for tomato and lettuce. So this take a $7 sandwich to a $9 sandwich...which in the end tastes like something from Jimmy Johns. I like jimmy johns...I just want something a bit more special if I am going to be paying 9 dollars for it. 
If you must go...stick with the Pimm's cup.alright, the pimm's cup is not as good as it used to be.  but you know what?  since i learned how to make them myself, i haven't been satisfied with anyone else's anyway.
so still worth a trip, and still the best pimm's in the quarter (in my opinion) but for what it's worth...
serve over ice in tall glass:
1 part Pimm's No. 1
2 parts Lemonade
Two fingers of Ginger Ale
Garnish with slice of cucumberHad my first Pimm's cup here on a history of the cocktail tour and it was great.  The building also has some cool history as it was built with the intention of being where Napoleon would stay if he came to America, which he never did.Omg!! Best muffalettes ever!! I asked for extra toasty and it was perfect! One of the managers Mitch(who was so sweet) recommended the fried chicken with coleslaw sandwich, which was life changing!!! Amazing!!! The only thing this place is missing, is french fries!!!!!  I don't usually go back to restaurants that don't have fries but I'll definitely be back here! !!!  Great food, great service, great management and great bloody mary!  Enjoy!!!!Pimms cup was refreshing and my wife enjoyed her bourbon milk punch...twice!  Excellent muffuletta with toasted bread - which differentiates theirs from Central Grocery.I LOVE Muffaletta sandwiches but had never had one in NOLA, so upon coming here this past weekend I knew I HAD to get an authentic Muffaletta. After reading so many reviews and recommendations about how Napoleon House is considered to be the best place to get one, I had to come here. My cousin and I came here for lunch last Friday and I really enjoyed the food, service, my Watermelon Pimm's Cup, and the courtyard!
I ordered a quarter size Muffaletta with a side of jambalaya and an order of boudin. The food was very good. I had never had boudin before and wanted to try it. For the $5 price of it, I'd say it was worth it. The table next to our's was raving to us about how good the boudin there was and they ordered a second helping of it after finishing the first. I ordered the Watermelon Pimm's Cup and it was delicious! I had never had a Pimm's Cup before and I can't wait to get another one (hopefully I can get my next one here at home in STL in the mean time until my next adventure in NOLA). 
The courtyard is beautiful and Napoleon House even has a misting fan outside which was very nice. I enjoyed the classical music that played in the background as we ate outside. Our waiter was very friendly and down to earth and the rest of the staff that we encountered were very accomodating and friendly. I highly recommend paying the Napoleon House a visit if you're looking for a nice Muffaletta in the French Quarter! You won't be disappointed!Skip this place. While on our Honeymoon we ducked in to what looked like a fun place to eat. It's mainly Italian fare but we ordered the gumbo and jambalaya because we were in New Orleans. The half crab hanging out of the gumbo was black and silver. The jambalaya was terrible. Food poisoning plagued the rest of our trip.Really frustrating experience here. Showed up around 6:10 and was told it would take 30 minutes to sit 2. Hostess said she would yell out our name both inside and outside so we went outside to wait. We were within 5 feet of the door off to the side and waitied. We heard her come out and yell a few other names but didn't hear ours. We waited and waited for about 50 minutes when we decided we had better check and see what the holdup was. We went inside and the Hostess told us she had already called our name and we would have to sign up again. Except we knew this wasn't true or if it was she must have put in hardly any effort at all into yelling for us because we were standing 5 feet from the door, watching and listening to other names be called. She says she called us but all I can say is she did a very poor job yelling or even bothering to do more than stick her head out the door. A very hungry hour waiting and in the end we were fed up so we went elsewhere instead of waiting another 30 minutes. Maybe the food would have been good but we will never know because the service was subpar to even get in. I definetely won't recommend this place to anyone. Far easier to go across the street where the Hostess actually looked around and yelled the name a couple of times.Excellent muffulettas and pimms cup! Well priced, good food and euro ambiance made it a perfect lunch spot. Tip: the muffuletta is a large sandwich and a half serving plus salad was enough for two.Mercy!  85 reviews and counting!  I'll try to keep this short.
I've dined at Napoleon House twice.  On visit #1 the food was good, and our spot in the courtyard was precious, but service was just ok.  Visit #2 was even better!  I dined in the courtyard with two other lovely ladies and service was fantastic.  Honestly, we're not even THAT good looking, but we had three waiters smiling at us and checking on us throughout the meal.  Maybe one of us had a nip slip or something...
Anywho - There are three reasons I love this place:
#1 The decor is awesome.  This place looks at least 1000 years old.  The paint is cracked, antiques cover the walls, and the old fashioned bar is awesome.  The courtyard has a nice fountain and is covered with plants - adorable.
#2 Napoleon House introduced me to the Pimm's Cup.  For this, I will be forever grateful.
#3 The food is cheap, and very tasty.  Sooooo many places are overpriced in the FQ.  I love coming here for a bargain meal.  *Try the muffuletta - it has celery in the tapenade which is odd for me, but it is one fantastic sammy.
So sometimes, your bargain meal comes at a cost, i.e. not so great service.  Sometimes, you get lucky and you have a cheap, tasty meal with fantastic service.  Either way, I'll keep coming back to Napoleon House.  The  place is just too cute to pass up and the prices can't be beat.Napoleon House is our mandated first stop for on every trip to NOLA. It's become a tradition to start each trip with a relaxing Pimms Cup. We have spent many an hour relaxing with friends, enjoying Pimm's and beers and people watching. My favorite place to sit is a table near the windows in the bar area, especially on mild days when the doors/windows are open. We have also whiled away a few afternoons back in the courtyard as well. I love that they play classical music and you can actually sit and have a conversation and aren't shouting over loud music. It;s my favorite bar in the Quarter. 
While I prefer a cold muffaletta, the warm one served here is delicious as well if you are looking for something different. 
Its one of those "not be to missed places"We were told by locals to get the Muffalotta here. I will be thinking about that sandwich for a long time. 
Our waiter was very friendly. I saw him being very friendly with all the customers. 
I loved the decor of the place. When you walk in, you escape into a different world. I think it's a perfect place to eat and get a away from the heat outside.
I would recommend.We stumbled on to this place as we walked the French Quarter looking for a lunch spot. It was worth the stumble. 
I had the Madrid sandwich and it was delicious. I loved the touch of black beans in the sandwich which gave it a spicy little kick. My friends ordered the Jambalaya, a generous portion too, and everyone was satisfied with it. The place itself is gothically gorgeous. We sat in the patio outside and enjoyed the afternoon with our delicious food.The food was amazing, the service was incredible and everything is at a reasonable price. Pictures of Napoleon everywhere and a very historical vibe as it was built for Napoleon. I would definitely recommend eating here if you are ever in the french quarter.I enjoyed spending a lazy afternoon sharing red beans and rice, and drinking a pimm's cup and a beer in the outdoor courtyard.  Service was friendly and relatively quick, and the food and drinks were good.  The courtyard is beautiful and a great place to relax away from the crowds of the French Quarter.
We were led to this place by a friend of mine who lives in New Orleans and it felt like a bit of a treasure in the midst of the French Quarter chaos.  I'd come back for a quick drink again or an hour or two of just chatting and snacking in the outdoor area.what was excellent: Pimms cup - this is their specialty. it is good and worth coming to try it. I had the classic. Their Red beans and rice is also a stand out and of the three or so places i tried it, i felt it was the best here. My husband raved about the Jambalaya as well. 
the Meh: Boudin sausage. maybe this is just not to my taste but i found it to have an unpleasant texture and fairly bland. the orange marmalade like condiment was an improvement. it also came with some odd, limp, bland vegetables that went largely ignored. 
the place is well known in the quarter and the prices are really great. worth checking out once, order the pimms, it was certainly the star here.My advice: Stop in for a drink, and leave. Sure, it's in a cool part of the Quarter, but there's really nothing special about this place. Who knows, maybe it was because the bartender "Mario" was such a curt prick. Maybe, if he didn't exude the personality of a brick, we would've stayed for more than a drink. 
Overpriced, extremely weak drinks. Trust me, I had a front row seat while angry Mario splashed maybe a half oz. into each Pimms cup. 
Yep, come in for a drink, just to say you've been in Nola's oldest bar. Too many other cool joints in this area.This place is fantastic.  The bar oozes with history, the staff are fantastic, and you will soon learn that a Pimm's Cup can cure most of what ails you.   In the midst of a crazy Mardi Gras experience, this was the one place where everyone seemed to be an adult, or could act like one for at least 20 minutes.   Don't miss it!The muffeletta  and pimms cup drink were greet. However the service was horrible! The bartender ignored my mom, sister and I for 15 minutes without ever acknowledging us. When I finally had to ask for a seat he was rude and never asked us if we wanted to sit inside or outside. He sat us inside. When I asked if we could sit outside he said, " your close enough!" how rude. He looked into the outdoor courtyard and said, "nope full." but it wasn't full. You all need to bump up you friendliness and customer service!!Ah, Pimm's Cups on the rainy July afternoon. This place was built for Napoleon himself but he died before the locals could convince him to come. One of those rare places that locals and tourist love equally. Good cocktails, surly service, decent charcuterie, unmatched history.Fantastic ambience, pimms cups off the charts, good food especially the muffaletta. Not a big rowdy bar but we'll worth stopping in for lunchFirst time having a pimms cup. Awesome!After a night of walking around New Orleans on a Haunted Tour, I was hungry. Napoleon house was near our hotel and the wait wasn't very long for a Saturday night.. Actually it was quite dead. We were seated outside near a heat lamp which was nice since it was a chilly night. I think the heat lamp kept me from going postal! We were waiting about 10 minutes for someone to give us some water. We we sitting RIGHT IN FRONT of the waiter station. So when are waiter came to us, asked us our drinks, and disappeared. So since we are sitting in front of the waiter station... we heard the waiter say.... "I don't want their table . take it" to other waiter. Ok... we ordered water and one beer and we were sober and dressed in clothes to do a haunted WALKING tour there was no need to be so rude where we can hear you! So our new waiter came to us and didn't let us know what was available.... so of course the things we wanted... was out! We ordered our food and the food came out cold.. Gumbo shouldn't be COLD! I was just so frustrated with my meal and the service I wanted to go back to our hotel. The waiter who dumped us came back to us and was being nice again. Well you lost your tip so don't bother kissing up to us now! I HATED this place. All I heard is how wonderful NOLA was on food and service, I guess people didn't go to the Napoleon House!Very mediocre. Shrimp po boy was lacking on shrimp or any sauce, and the bread was stale and overpowering. Gumbo was good, but a small serving. Too small for lunch. Our server was clearly experienced, and the host was a delight. But with all the amazing food in the area, I would not return. Spend your money elsewhere.I must downgrade my initial rating. The staff completely ignored my coworker and her sister, who are black.  They waited for a good 10 minutes to talk to someone about a table for our group (the rest of us were standing outside).  Multiple staff people walked by but did not address, them say hello, ask them to hold on a minute- nothing.  It's inexcusable.We were directed to this establishment by both my cousin and our tour guide. I wasnt totally blown away by the food (though the loaded baked potato was delicious) but I was very happy with the service (excellent) and the pimms cup (refreshing). The prices are very good for what you get. The interior is pretty cool.Affordable for New Orleans and the Pimm Cup is soooo good!Order the muffaletta. And a sazerac. That's what I did and I had one of the greatest meals of my life.Stopped in for a Pimms and a muffuletta. They were both outstanding. The restaurant has a lot of character and the service was outstanding.My lady friend and I, whilst wandering the area, chanced upon the Napoleon House a few days ago. On reviewing the menu, we were pleased to see that it was both affordable and had a nice range of delicious looking foods. With great anticipation, we went in.
That, clearly, was the first mistake.
After waiting some time, we placed our order - gumbo for my lady friend, a reuben for myself. Eagerly, we sat back and waited for our food to come.
And we waited. In a restaurant with 3-5 tables out of a slew filled, we waited. The sun rose higher, and we waited. Ents had a moot, and we still waited. I grew a full beard, and, still, we waited.
To be fair, it was about half an hour total. Still, for a full staff and virtually no patrons, this seemed a bit absurd. Then, as our order arrived, we understood, at last, the cruel joke we were the butt of.
I'm a large fellow. I enjoy food. I enjoy reubens. What I got was something more akin to a larval stage reuben. At some point, if allowed to thrive, it may have become something sizeable enough to be called a sandwich. As it was, the alleged sandwich was roughly 4"x5", similar in proportion to Wonder Bread. To really add glamor to the experience, the good folk served it to me using the heel of the loaf. I, clearly, was in an ecstasy of fine dining.
The gumbo, while tasty, was also about 1-1.5 cups total volume. I say it was tasty, though, really, we're working on conjecture; I'm not sure that it was actually enough to coat all the regions of the tongue. Perhaps it was bitter. We'll never know.
I think, on reviewing our time at the Napoleon House, that several questions were raised as to how it remains in business, hasn't been burned down, and how the waiters survive on what must be quite meager tips. It did, however, clear up why Napoleon died in exile - better death alone than any real association with this atrocity in restaurant form.The Pimms Cups at the Napolean house are probably the best in the US. The food isn't the best in New Orleans but is fairly priced and much better than several French Quarter locations. Try the roast beef poboy.My husband would probably give Napoleon's 4 stars for the architecture and history alone, but the food and service were slightly lacking.  We ordered the Pimm's, and it was absolutely perfect.  My husband had the chicken sandwich.  He seemed to like it, but it was quite small.  I had the quarter muffaleto and a side of jambalaya.  The muffaletto was OK, but it was unevenly heated.  All in all, the muffaletto at Central is  much better.  The jambalaya was good, but I received about a 1/4 cup for 4 dollars.  Our waiter was nice, but he was clearly in a rush to get us out.  He came with the check while i was still eating.  I'd go back for the Pimm's, but I'd eat somewhere else first.Came here for the Muffaletta and it did not disappoint!
The building is really cool; old with a wonderful history. You really feel like you've gone back in time. Service was good! We started with an app and it came out hot! Very good dip and bread. The Muffaletta was outstanding. I went with the half...and I could only eat half. I shoulda opted for the quarter. My wife had the salad and that was very good as well. Such a neat place to eat with all the history and charm of the building. 
Can't say enough about the staff either. Like a bonehead, I left my receipt behind and needed it for my expense report. My wife was able to head back the next day (while I was in a conference) and they gladly printed out another copy. Thank you!Everything we ate there was fantastic. A perfect muffeletta. Delicious jambalaya and rice and red beans. Pimm's Cup is a great cocktail. Very cool atmosphere, too.Plus
+Mario makes the best Bloody Mary's and Pimm's Cups on the planet
+The muffuletta and jambalaya are made to perfection
+the setting is rustic and unadulterated 
Minuses 
-none.Best Muffalatta in the world!!! The place its vintage, which make you feel you are in the Napelon time.One of the stops on our bike bar your was napoleons house for their famous pimms cup. It's gin and lemonade and delicious. I didn't go inside but apparently the owner of the bar offered his house to Napoleon who had been exiled twice from France.Walked in this afternoon with 17 high schoolers and 5 adults after flying into town from Wisconsin .  Immediate seating available for all albeit at different tables which we expected.  Kids enjoyed the ambiance and relaxed atmosphere.  They all found something new to try. Jordan our waiter just rolled with everything.  Even brought out the Wisconsin chef that was there.  He talked one person who detests sandwiches into trying and enjoying hers.  I split a muffaletta with another which filled us both.  Try the Italian cream sodas.  Everyone left contented and the cost was well within our budget ($15 / head.)you know, I really like the vibe and ambiance here - all the old crap on the walls, the waiters eating during shifts at the communal table in the corner, the bar always full at all hours.  but the food just isn't that good.  mufffaleta and dirty rice were both truly mediocre.  but i bet it's a great drinking spot, if it doesn't get too overwhelmed by french quarter tourists.worst restuarant experience ever. we waited 20 minutes before anyone took our order. then took another 20 minutes before they brought the gumbo that we had ordered as an appetizer. in the meantime the drinks we had ordered at the bar and water that they brought when we sat down remained empty. no one asked if we would like another drink for quite some time. then when they finally asked if we would like another drink they did not refill out empty water glasses. the drink took 20 minutes to arrive. when our food finally arrived 45 minutes after ordering they brought me a burnt panini. burnt as in black. I immediately told them I did not want it. I did not receive an apology. after being there an hour we finally had to flag down a bus boy to fill our empty water glasses. the gumbo was average at best. the party sitting next to us asked to see the manager and complained that they had multiple problems. eating here was a complete waste of time and money.Having a great time with a big group of friends. Great atmosphere and drinks are flowing along with some yummy appetizers too. We are just getting started!We sat at the bar to grab a quick bite and drink and to get out of the rain.  So of course being at Napoleon House we had to try a Pimm's Cup.  We shared the watermelon version which was surprisingly refreshing and a perfect lunchtime pick-me-up.  The food was much less appealing.  The chicken and brie sandwich was a pass for sure and tiny without any sides.  Though the muffaletta next to us looked humongous, again it appeared as if it was all bread.  And then the bartender was all over the place and tough to pin down to even order water or get a second pair of utensils.  Napoleon has a nice building and a famous backstory, but I would pass other than to try a quick Pimm's Cup at the place of origin.A perfectly toasted muffaletta filled my belly with much needed nurturing. This place had a seasoned and rustic feel and the walls wanted to scream centuries of the echoes of good times passed. We had our food and Pimms Cups in the courtyard where the water gurgling from the nearby fountain soothed our parched and hungover souls.Great place to eat or get a drink in the city here are some more ideas to do for your visit to The Big Easy.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPYmKl6mPTAMy go-to spot to eat and drink in the quarter. This is the one place where locals come to eat, drink and be merry. Napoleon House lunch out on the patio on a nice day is an experience that cannot be beat anywhere. My favorites are the famous Pims Cup of course, the warm muffuletta, huge plate of red beans and rice served with a side of smoked sausage, the shrimp remoulade stuffed avocado, there is not much on the menu that isnt great except maybe the Ruben sandwich that if you are in New Orleans you want a local dish anyways. What makes this place even more exceptional is that they dont gouge you charging tourist prices, its why its a locals hangout. Love this joint.This was my first time to NOLA.  The atmosphere was superb.  The food was as great as the atmosphere : )  The Muffaletta was incredible.  The pesto pasta was not shabby either!  Too bad they didn't have any Jambalaya left when we came, otherwise that would have blown us away too!  Darn, I guess we will have to come back to New Orleans again... ; )The best part about this place was the atmosphere, followed by the service.  
The boudin sausage appetizer was the highlight of the meal.  I could have had one all to myself.  The cheese platter featured apples that were not decored and not sliced all the way through.  The antipasti was acceptable.  The muffuletta was decent (didn't end up making it out to Central Grocery), with the filling being better than the bread, which was a bit chewy.
I washed it all down with a Dixie Blackened Voodoo Lager schwarzbier (i.e., a dark, not light, lager), a decent local beer.  I tried a sip of my friend's Pimm's Cup, which seemed like a sophisticated relative of the Long Island.Absolutely eat here instead of Mosperos across the street! Everything about our visit was amazing except for our server. Bruce was very scatterbrained. He took our alcohol orders when we sat. Those came out about 4 min later and were amazing. Then we sat for 30 minuets while he walked by over and over seeing me but not taking our order. They were busy but it was 2:30 in the afternoon. He finally took our food order and we got our food within 10 min from ordering. This means the kitchen and the bar were on there game but our server was not. Hot roast beef P.O. boy was great and my wife go the Gouda grilled cheese which was awesome. Great food if you can stay out of Bruce's section!In our ever quest of finding new places to eat in New Orleans, we stumbled on a place called Napoleon House.  The menu looked like it would cover all of the food that the 6 of us were looking for.  I just wanted some gumbo. I found that that the gumbo in New Orleans is fabulous and I want it with every meal. We sat down and immediately the server was rude.  He obviously didn't want to be there, nor cared about his job. We started to order, then he interrupted us to speak to another server for a minute. I was already not having it.  The service at most places we had been to for the trip was great, but not this place. He then came back and continued to take our order. Once the food came, he had already messed up a few orders and been rude the whole time while doing so. The food was not great.  There are so many better places to eat at in the French Quarter. I sadly feel like we wasted our timel on this place. Once we were done with our meal, I noticed a Zagat sticker on their window.  That is usually an indication of a great place to eat.  However, in this case, the Zagat part was covered on the sticker.  I found this odd and made me think this place was a joke.  I will never go here again and I don't suggest that anyone try it either.We were only there for drinks but the waiter was so pleasant, accommodating, and attentive. The building itself is chock full of history and the atmosphere is open and inviting with a lovely back atrium area with a small pond.Had the best muffelatta sandwich here for lunch at a very decent price!! The serving sizes are quite large and the half muffelatta was more than enough for me. Their signature Pimm's drinks are so good and pair with anything on their menu rather well. I also tasted the jambalaya as was surprised at how good it was for only $7. 
The atmosphere of the restaurant is nice and visitors should take the time to walk around the restaurant and check out the art work. The small outdoor courtyard is a nice place for a quick drink. 
Overall, definitely a good place to check out for lunch when strolling around the French Quarter!Cool atmosphere and nice patio seating. The history behind the building was awesome and the architecture was beautiful like most French Quarter buildings. Great, prompt service even in the lunch rush. Our server allowed me to sample the jambalaya before I decided to order it. Salads, sandwiches, and gumbo were all great!Today was my second visit to this place.  Yes, this is the place for a Pimm's Cup.  It is a specialty drink in NOLA.
I also ate here.  The food is good.  Not expensive at all.  I ordered a muffaletta the first time, very filling for two!  Today I ordered the red beans and rice.  I was very hungry and actually finished the whole plate!
I noticed in many reviews that the food was rated mostly just okay.  Well, to me, this place is more of a bar than a restaurant.  A bar that happens to serve food.  Sort of like an Irish Bar.
The atmosphere is really neat.  Nice courtyard toward the rear of the building.  The bar is very old.  The place is like over 150 years and the bartender has been their for like 60 years!  Very cool place to visit.Their muffaletta -- quite simply the best sandwich I have ever had in my life.   I usually don't eat as much of an enormous sandwich as was served here, but I could not stop eating it.   The warm and utterly pliant Italian bread, the perfectly pitched muffaletta spread, the balance of meat and cheese -- perfection!    And I say this despite the fact that we saw a mouse scampering across the floor while we were dining!    Five stars -- despite the mouse!    That's how a great a sandwich this was!    And there is simply nothing in America which can match this particular dining space -- the walls do not look like they have been touched since 1800.   And the incredibly tall ceilings and great music playing in the background make this a wonderful space to dine or have a drink -- a place where a mouse only adds to the general joie de vivre and sense that all is basically okay in the world.Great atmosphere for when you want to get a drink or an appetizer. The food was cold and not tasty. We got a cheese board and the choice of cheeses on it was blue, Jarlsberg and cheddar. I suspect they shop at Sam's. I was not impressed. Also got jambalaya, which was cold when it got to the table. I used to come to this place many years ago and it used to be so much better.We stumbled upon Napoleon House in a daze from the previous night's celebrations and libations.  After a brief wait, we were whisked through the restaurant and seated in the back on the patio, which was so pleasant!
I had the jambalaya, which was very good, but I couldn't quite get over the fact that it was served as three scoops - like from an ice cream scoop.  My lunching companion had the red beans and rice, which he claimed were also very good.  
Efficient service, a modicum of atmosphere, but solid food.Rude and inhospitable.  That's how I would describe my experience at Napoleon House.  I grew up in New Orleans, and when my wife and I came back with a couple of friends, I was excited to show them the courtyard, relax with a drink, etc.  I realiize that ven in the best case scenario, there is better food to be had in this city.  I know that you come to Napoleon House for the ambience.  
We excitedly walked in and stood at the front by the sign, "Please wait to be seated".  We walked in, and watched the bartender slowly make drinks for people at the bar.  We stood, we watched, we waited.  Surprisingly, we did not hear any words of greeting such as "hello" or"we'll be right with you".  We just stood invisibly near where the host should have been.  And we waited.  And waited.  And waited.  
Keep in mind, this place was not packed.  I would be hard pressed to even call it busy, as I scanned the room and saw 3 or 4 open tables in  the indoor seating area.   
After about 10 minutes passed without any sort of indication as to whether we should expect to be seated soon, or even whether a host even existed, I found a waiter and asked him if there was, in fact a host.  He told me that one would be right with me.  As I was turning back to wait behind the "please wait to be seated" the bartender (the same one who had not bothered to say a word to us while we waited) told me that I needed to be a "little more patient".   To me, this was a lame response.  And a rude one.  I got to the "host stand" and kept on walking with my wife and our friends.  
So, if you do decide to visit Napoleon House, buyer beware.  The food is mediocre at best.  Sadly, you should be prepared to be treated with contempt because you are, after all, just a tourist.  Very disappointing.I stopped in here hungry for something authentic New Orleans and I got it.  I sat at the bar and had red beans and rice that came with a small side salad.  I only wish it came with 2 pieces of the sausage..  It was absolutely delicious and some of the best tasting red beans and rice I have had.  The dressing on the salad was pretty good too.  Slightly creamy and tangy.  I think it was around 7 dollars for that little meal and after, I was perfectly full (enough so that I could go enjoy a gelato after).  The bartender was so nice and attentive despite the amount of people in there.  I didn't try the pimms cup and opted for a glass of wine instead.  I would definitely go here again on my next visit!What I like most is sitting outside in the garden and listening to the classical music faintly playing in the background.  Order the Sazarac for something different.Once again I stumbled on a place in NOLA. We were going to eat at Johnny's down the street. This place has history and is busy even for lunch. Very good sign. We waited for maybe 10 mins with our party of 6 ppl. We sat on the patio that is covered with umbrellas and has a nice little fountain and plants surrounding it. Our waiter was efficient but not happy or at least he did not seem it. He took our order fast and we did not wait long for food. I ordered the jambalaya which was very good, loved the flavor and perfect amount of seasoning, I added some hot sauce at the table. Pimms Cup is pretty tasty but I did not feel the alcohol at all. No Dessert but maybe next time in NOLA.This was our first restaurant upon checking into our hotel. The front desk recommended Napoleon's and their muffuletta. I thought the ambience was incredible and quite pretty and the food decently priced and pretty good. My husband and I weren't huge fans of the muffuletta, but we're also not too keen on olives and we had no idea how many olives were actually on the sandwich. My reluctance to give the restaurant 5 stars is the cleanliness. There were food crumbs on the table where we were seated that the hostess just brushed to the floor. Our utensils, after we had to ask for them since we initially didn't have any, had dried food caked on the forks. It looked like they'd been run through a dishwasher and the food wasn't rinsed off beforehand.I only have one complaint. I didn't eat here until my last day in town. I asked everyday at my hotel where to go for a little casual great meal where I could get a great muffelatta and a cocktail. They kept trying to send me to the tourist traps. This was by far the best muffelatta I've ever had and the rest of the food (cheese board, shrimp dish) we had was also outstanding. The city was busy due to "refugees" moving in to get away from Irma and most places were struggling with service and staffing. Not here, great friendly service and of course they were busy. Great atmosphere and decor( felt European) and cool history. Signature cocktails were great too. Did I mention the muffelatta?
Put it on your list and go there early in your trip so you can go back oftenI heard they had the best muffeleta and I had a half which is still pretty big. The bread was toasted just right and the flavors of the different meats with cheese tasted yummy together.  Some meat a bit saltier that I'd like.  Come try it if you're in the area.We went there as part of a bar tour and the manager/bartender was so rude to us and our tour guide.As an previous resident of NOLA and long time customer of this place I can't begin to tell you how disappointed I was with my visit on 6/17/15.  They were out of several menu items, the sliced French bread was hard as a rock when I pointed this out the surly waiter said "this is New Orleans you know!" Not going back or recommending any time soon!I doubt I can say anything more than the millions of words already said about this place.   It's worth it to go for the food and decor alone.   A great place to grab a lunch in the summer out of the heat.    If you like Pimms, you have to go.   The muffaletta works, and is a nice spin on it.I'm sorry. 
I really am. But our once beloved place is gone. Went today to meet some friends and there was not one great or even good thing about the experience. I HATE the idea of giving this place 1 star but what's left after everything goes to crap?
There were 6 of us and 5 of us didn't like the food. And sometimes, when the food isn't so perfect the service helps out. Not this time. Our waiter was clusless and missed every time he could have made a good impression. 
Interrupting people in mid-sentence 5 times in one meal is not acceptable. Forgetting who ordered what COMPLETELY is not acceptable. Forgetting that we all specified we were splitting checks is unacceptable. 
The charcuterie board was flavorless. I mean this was so flavorless that I managed to feed the girly supposed pate and headcheese and she only tasted mustard. NO FLAVOR. My friend who used to eat there often even mentioned that it looked like the kids version of the board with mini portions and nothing had flavor.
Please Brennan family, sell this place to someone who cares. A place that was once known for their amazing wait-staff and kitchen staff that loved to deliver more than you asked for in the best lagniappe tradition is now just sort of...sad.
This hurts so bad because I know what kind of find place this was before the Brennan's raped it.Jambalaya: yes. Muffuletta: no.
The jambalaya is great - savory and not too salty.  Good, rich flavor.
I tried the muffuletta because a friend told me it was very good.  "I don't even usually like muffulettas, and this was great!"  That should have been my first clue.
I'm not opposed on principle to heating a muffuletta, and the bread was tasty. BUT, there was far too little olive salad on it, and too much gooey cheese, and is that bacon on there? The meat tasted wrong, and it was like a big ole grilled cheese.  Which, many people like, but I wanted a muffuletta!  With olive salad!  Lots of it!  That's why I ordered a muffuletta instead of a grilled cheese!  
And I wish I'd gotten a Pimm's cup, as those are always awesome there.  But since I didn't, and faced sore muffuletta disappointed, I'll go with a 3.  Don't let it dissuade you, but don't set your sights too high.OMG. Best Muffuletta ever and get the margarita too. Decided Brennan's was too Foodie for me, so walked a block over and found this treasure. Cool atmosphere, great service, just right to sit and visit with friends, cool patio, and an awesome menu.
A must if visiting New Orlean'sThe service and ambiance was good. We had a muffuletta and a shrimp po boy. They were both good, however they were pretty pricey for not coming with any sides. Had the watermelon Pimms drink - it was pretty tasty. We were recommended this place by a NOLA native who drove us from the airport. Would suggest to go and try and muffuletta but overall wasn't the most impressed.This is gloriously anti-Bourbon Street. Dark and cool on the hottest days, classical music softly piped in, almost unnoticeable, the only activity coming from the servers rushing from room to room with the occaisional trip out to the shady bach patio.
Napoleon House is simply a fantastic bar that drips with historic charm. We walked in and settled at the bar, looking for a cool drink on a humid spring day, and we found it. The Pimm's Cup. Perfect. Making the experience even better was the bartender, who must have worked there just about his whole life, explaining some of the historic and recent events involving The Napoleon House. 
Since that first day, Napoleon House has turned into a place that we stop in whenever we are within a couple of blocks, even if just for one drink. The food is really good, and it's one of the most reasonably priced places in the French Quarter. The muffaletta rivals the one at Central Grocery, and it's served warm, with the cheese melting and olive salad dripping through each layer.
Simply put, I could live here if need be, and each time I go I almost wish need would be.Love this place.   So much charm.
The Pimms cup is like no other since they
Make their own lemonade.
The muffelettas are delicious and one of the few places that serve them warm.
It's a must try when in New Orleans and we usually hit it twice when in town.Honestly if I lived here, this would be my hangout spot. Delicious drinks moderately priced, extra huge muffulettas (hubs and I shared a half portion for under $10.) cheese plate was divine... and we enjoyed the quiet courtyard with steamy fans to keep you cool.A friend of mine commented, as we sat on the charming patio here, with crumbling plaster on the walls revealing old, old bricks beneath, that in California, where we are from, restaurants - particularly Mexican ones - seek to create a semblance of age by painting "crumbling plaster revealing bricks beneath" murals on their walls. Here, however, it's real. 
This bar is the epitome of French quarter charm. In the heart of the most historic neighborhood in what is arguably America's most interesting and historic city, Napoleon house manages to distinguish itself with charm and history. This old house has been a bar for a long long time, but at one point politicians and pirates conspired to prepare it to receive their most August hero, Napoleon Bonaparte, whom they intended to spring from his second exile on the island of Saint Helena. Had the little emperor not died before their rescue mission arrived, the most famous tomb in New Orleans historic cemeteries may well have belonged to France's most victorious general. 
Now, 200 years later, the beer is cold, the staff is courteous and professional, and the muffuletta sandwich is both huge and tasty. We were told this was an experience not to be missed, and I am glad we did not miss it!Good tastes authentic, homemade and fresh. Louisiana Pesto Pasta Salad was a little hard (not cooked enough), but the Jambalaya was delicious, and so was the Red Beans and Rice. The Pimms cups were very refreshing as well. Atmosphere is relaxed, great service, great price for the portions. Highly recommend!After dining at KPaul's, you can go across the street to the Napoleon House for a nightcap.  Order a Pimm's Cup at the bar located in this 200 year old building where Napoleon was invited to live while in exile.  Since not much has changed, you will feel like you were transported back in time as soon as you step inside.Still one of my favorite places. Cool on the inside. Looks fancy without fancy prices.  This time I had the muffuletta - only a quarter with a side of potato salad and it was more than enough.
Also had a couple Pimm's Cups - delicious.  
Knocked one star off this time just because I thought the service this time was a bit slow & he had no personality.We all had the big Poboy and it was delicious.  The service is great also.  You ha e to try the Pims drink it's also a must.We met a couple and has some drinks with them one afternoon and they absolutely raved about the Pimm's Cup at Napoleon House and told us if we didnt get one before we left new orleans than we hadnt seen the true essence of the city.
Im so glad we obliged and followed their advice.  We went and had a Pimm's Cup and stayed for a couple more.  The blend of gin, lemonade, and 7up was refreshingly simple and flavorful.  The cucumber slice in the drink was a nice touch as well.
I cant speak to the food but if you're ever in New Orleans and want a refreshing drink go ahead and stop by, you wont be disappointed.Best muffuletta I've ever had. Then again it was my first time have muffuletta. This was a fun place to have dinner. Great service and the food was delicious.My first ever Pimm's Cup was here and because of that this place will always hold a special place in my heart / liver. My Sazerac cherry? Also broken here. 
Ever since my first visit I've been on the hunt to find a Pimm's Cup that would rival the one I had here. I haven't found one and I don't think I ever will. The one here is in a word: perfect. The cucumber aroma in your nasal cavity right before you take your first drink gets your senses ready for probably the most refreshing drink I've ever experienced.
As for the food, I would say it is more along the lines of 3 stars. I had the muffaletta here... it was okay but I wasn't impressed. Also the bread pudding... again, it didn't blow me away. I did try the shrimp remoulade though and that was quite remarkable. In fact it was one of the better meals on my last trip.
The building itself is a rickety old ramshackle of a structure. That might be due to the fact that it is over two hundred years old and for that I love it.  The men's room looks like it is probably 500 years old and smells like it too but that is pretty common for the  Quarter. 
Pro tip: If you have a large party for dinner this might be your jam. On a Thursday night at peak dinner time we were able to find a table for 6 quite easily. We would go on to find that this is nearly an insurmountable task anywhere else in the French Quarter.I came for your pimms cup and left a happy man, the waiter who served us was great. He told us what was his favorite and we thought he had great taste. The Shrimp Remoulade was outstanding. the wait on Monday at lunch was a bit rough but the pimms cup while standing outside waiting for our table made it not so bad.What a disappointing experience my last visit to Napoleon House was. Although the muffaletto I ordered was good the waiter made it sound as tho it came with a side. It doesn't include a side so I was scammed out of 3.50 plus the two other people dining with me were scammed as well. Total of 10.50 for sides of small bowls of redbeans that were some of the worst beans ever served. I live in NO LA and want everyone to know what a ripoff this place is. Also the waiter never returned with my change assuming I was tipping 20% for this bad excuse of service.silverware was dirty and we asked the waiter to change it. He gave us a look and brought another set that was just as dirty. Service was bad food not any better, but it was a beautiful old building in French quarter. go thee for only drinks and enjoy the atmosphere but don't go hungry.Great food and drinks !!! Great service!!!  Had shrimp po boy and mufflletta , servings are large ! Shrimp gumbo is awesome tooIf you're looking for history and class in New Orleans, this is definitely a good spot to check out. Laid back, great drinks, and one with tons of character that you'll want to tell your friends about.My review is only for the sazerac the bartender mixed for me. Stopped in for drinks only. it was by far my favorite I'd had during my visit in the Quarter. Service was friendly and very courteous. Love the charm of this place and will return.Not much more can be said about this place...
The bartender (avec moustache) makes one of the finest Sazeracs in New Orleans.
I learned this while eating a birthday lunch with my family a year ago.
I prefer my muffaletta hot, therefore Napoleon House has my number.  If you can't finish, take it back to your hotel and let it sit for a few hours and enjoy.
Check out the B & W framed print against the back wall, hanging over the table for two.  Awesome.
Every visit to NOLA warrants a stop in this historic landmark.Nice atmosphere and a great place to dine. Prices are reasonable and the wait staff if really friendly!! The pastrami po boy was really.good!Sit in the doorway. Or the courtyard - both are amazing. Tasty red beans and rice for lunch, washed down with a couple Abita beers. Ask the waiters about anything you see hanging on the walls - every bit is a piece of fascinating local history.Great pimm drinks!  And more than just the usual. 
The muffuletta was excellent. Served warm hot the spot.  We also got the boudin sausage. We have never tried it before so I don't have any thing to compare it to. But it was super good.  And I would get it again!!!
We also got some jambalaya. I'd say skip it. It was just meh.This is a great place to have a cocktail in the French Quarter. The service is great. Drink prices are average and this place has a lot of character.This little gem was recommended to us, and we could not have been more delighted. If you get lucky, you can snag a spot on their back patio, lots of green plants, colorful flowers, cool breeze. If not, try next for one of the tables on the sidewalk. Next, take a peak at those menu prices! So inexpensive! Their Po'boys were huge and delicious. However, we did have room for some adult-beverages to go, thank you very much. 
The building has a lot of character, the architecture along with all of the Napolean portraits on the walls.Delightful. Excellent drinks. Relaxing, historical, quiet inner courtyard. Delicious muffatta sandwich and salad. Excellent serviceStopped in here and tried the muffeleta.  It was pretty good. I would give more stars but I felt like the service was a little snobby.After doing some research on where to buy the best muffuletta in town, we settled on Napoleon House. Their Po Boy received rave reviews so we decided to give it a try. So we ventured out there to give it a try. 
We ended up getting the roast beef po boy which was so so and the shrimp po boy was good. The customer service however could have been a bit better. Although the food came out quickly, we didn't see our server until we requested the check. A quick "how is the food?" would have sufficed. We even had to ask the waiter for more water. 
All in all, it wasn't worth writing home about. You might be better off looking at other places to get your po boy fix.Walked around the French Quarter for the first few hours of being here and was told to visit the Napoleon house for our first taste of gumbo and jumbalaya. We came around 1:40 PM on a Sunday and was put on a waiting list. We came back around 2 something and were sat down in a dark corner of the restaurant. Not particularly a fan of that fact and would have preferred outdoor seating but anyways, we order the seafood gumbo and jambalaya. Food came out incredibly fast. The serving sizes were relatively small-- almost like tapas serving sizes. There was a lot of tomato (paste) in the jambalaya rice which was probably what made it flavorful but didn't seem like the best in town. Then again, just visiting and we don't know the best yet. The seafood gumbo was good. It mainly had mini shrimp, no other distinguishable seafood. Overall, if you're in the area, try it out. But would go out of the way to eat here.Muffaletta is yummy goodness.  Eat it while it's hot because the bread gets too hard when it cools down.A historical place in the French Quarters.  Food was good but more on the average side.I was seated in the patio area, I recommend you ask for it especially if you are on a date. so romantic and cozy! We ordered the pastrami po' boy and roast beef po' boy, both were yummy. The pastrami had a great spicy cajun mustard, and the roast beef was out of this world (I had a bite of my boyfriend's). We also tried the cannoli...great presentation, but it was just okay. We also tried the famed "Pimm Cups" (I thought my boyfriend had ordered 'Pimp cups"...lol...I was like... what?!?) In the end, the food is not the best in the french quarters but the combination of the service, the rustic old building, great service, good food make it a place you MUST visit.We checked in on Facebook to Crescent City Books after just arriving in NOLA around 1 p.m. on a Saturday. A friend told us to go to Napoleon House and have a sazerac for her. We were thinking we wanted a "mild repast" before the afternoon got away from us, and we did NOT want a smokey bar or a food-themey restaurant on Bourbon Street, so we took her advice.
We were thrilled! We actually walked by it a couple of times, because we were looking for it on the wrong side of the street, and it is not garish or flashy looking in its corner lot. We waited a few minutes for a table, but got right in around 2 p.m., at a table near the street. I was facing the restaurant, and when I looked out the window, I was glad. My husband's view was of some kind of loading area of a hotel, but the room in the restaurant was a feast for the eyes, a crusty, ancient feast. I should mention, I love "crust," the old, unshiny, decrepitude. All the art was of representations of Napoleon. We sat by a painting of the emperor in front of the Eiffel Tower and a Metro poster roll. :)
Our waiter was very European: businesslike and professional, efficient, not friendly. I noticed that when a larger party that included some locals came and sat next to us, he was friendlier with them. He did ask us where we were from. 
While I was interested in trying some of the cocktails, such as a Pimm's cup or a sazerac, I was not feeling that well from the travel, so I stuck to the house wine. Friends, this was only $4.50 per glass! It was a fine, red table wine. My husband stuck with root beer, which he drinks whenever he is really thirsty. We didn't want a large meal, and though the menu was varied, we looked just at the appetizers, salads and soups, and we chose the spread sampler of three spreads: goat cheese, hummus and tapenade, which came with small toasts and pita slices.
We thought the goat cheese spread was the best of the three, and it was really delicious. The hummus was fine, but the tapenade was disappointing. It was really just chopped ingredients, without enough olive oil to really bind it into a spread and consolidate the flavor. But, honestly, it all was good, and hit the spot for us as we strolled about the Quarter.
I will definitely have Napoleon House on my list of places to go in the French Quarter, and next time I will try a Pimm's cup!I decided to check out this cool historic little joint for my first drinking and dining experience in New Orleans, after getting dissed off by whoever answers the phone at K'Pauls.  Before I went to Napoleon House I read some Frommer's review that said it had a nice courtyard and surly waiters in bow ties.  This is the second time I've seen the word "Surly" used to describe waiters in New Orleans and the second time it's been dead wrong, or else "surly" now means "real nice people who talk and laugh and check up on you multiple times while you eat."
I tend to go to restaurants by myself a lot when traveling alone and it's always a crap shoot how restaurants will respond to that.  Some of them will stick you in a corner and forget about you and others will go out of their way to pay you speshul attention because you don't have anybody to eat and chat with.   At first I was worried that Napoleon House would be the former as they parked me next to some coat tree that the staff was hanging their backpacks on, but which was also in the window that opens onto the street.  Unfortunately there was not much to look at on the street except parked cars, people with kids or booze wandering aimlessly past, and the Royal Orleans garage across the street, but the breeze was nice and after I changed seats I could dig a little of the historic innards of the restaurant (which also has a beautiful bar in the next room).  I considered asking to sit in the courtyard but it was getting really windy so I decided to stay put.  There was kind of a wait before they took my order (I think a shift change might have been happening) but right when I was about to give up a very nice waiter came and took my order and then I was repeatedly visited throughout my meal by him and another very nice waiter who kept checking to see if I needed anything.  It was probably the best wait service I've had anywhere in the US in months.  I had jambalaya, a Pimms and a Dixie beer.  The Pimms was decent though it's a little weird to be drinking a british drink in a quintessentially French place.  The jambalaya was a tad dry, like "bar jambalaya" that had been sitting in a pot on the stove all day, but it was adequately spicy and went down OK when chased with alcoholic beverages.  I want to go back and try a muffulatta and hang out some more at the gorgeous old bar.Rich history.  Great staff.  Great selection of alcohol.  Classy look.  Love the patio.  This is one of the best in the whole city.  Very cool place.The end of a 25 year plus love affair.  I've been visiting NOLA almost yearly since the 1980s and the Napoleon House has been my favorite spot in the city.  While I've never cared much for the food - I've rarely missed stopping in for afternoon or after-dinner drinks and I've recommended it to countless friends.  In a city where it is the norm to witness drunken and disorderly tourists, Napoleon's is an almost magical oasis of bow-tied servers, opera and an interior that is a perfect example of elegant, faded NOLA style.  Unfortunately, on my visit this week I met the same server Diane D. refers to in her review below.  My husband and I (both in our 60s and completely sober) stopped in about 8pm on Tuesday evening.  We came in on the Chartres St. side and saw no diners in the inside dining room.  There were less than 20 customers in the bar area.  A Please Wait to be Seated sign was in the entrance of the bar area and we dutifully waited about 10 minutes at the podium.  When two other couples came in and walked around us to seat themselves, we decided to do likewise and seated ourselves at an empty table for 2.  We waited patiently another 10 minutes or so.  We were enjoying the atmosphere and were not at all put off by the lack of service as we were in no hurry.  A waiter with gray, wavy hair walked up to our table and asked "What are we doing here?"  We were confused by the question and said we were waiting to be served.  He replied more loudly "I know - what are you doing here?  You can't just come in and hop from table to table!"  We were again completely confused.  We didn't know if he thought we were customers that had been at another table and moved.  We replied that we hadn't hopped from any other table - we had just walked in.  He proceeded to walk away from our table complaining loudly as if we had done some terrible thing. We didn't know what to do.   So, we got up and left.  I admit that there was a sign saying that we should wait to be seated - so perhaps we were wrong to have seated ourselves.  However, he could have politely asked us to go back to the front door, move to another table or indicate that he was coming back to take our order. ANY adult should be able to respond to a person that has unwittingly violated some "house rule" with a reaction other than flat-out rudeness.  So - I could forgive a lot from the Napoleon House - bad food, warm beer, slow service - but you know some things are unforgivable.  I'm sorry.  It's over.  I've heard Sazerac is nice.Pimms cup! Not underrated! Highly recommend. All other food was average. Service was a little slow. Great place for after-work hangout.Awful place. The bartender told me they already did last call but kept serving hipster regulars. Awful vibe and total dick bartender. 7/29 11pm white guy, obsessed with patron with bowtielove the interior/atmosphere.  waiter not so knowledgeable-couldn't tell us about the cheese board.  however, he was attentive otherwise.  muffaletta was served hot (texas style).  kitchy history and pictures throughout.  don't forget to sign the wall.I'm sure this old, beautiful bar has more to offer than an Italian Po-Boy, but that's what I ordered here and it was delicious. I topped if off with a bottle of Abita Amber and called it good. They were starting to film a movie in the street outside Napoleon House and our waiter informed us that at one point Gene Hackman sat at our table. It's a busy place. The wait is long and the tables are scarce. I'd plan your stop at the Napoleon House. Make sure you're not starving because it may take a while to get your food.It was great service and the atmosphere in the courtyard was lovely. If you get anything here at all get the pimm's cup. You will not be disappointed, the spinach artichoke dip was really good and not overly oily or heavy. But the sandwiches were not bad but definitely anti climactic.Best Muffaletta in New Orleans. The building and restaurant are very historic = read about it while you wait for your food. Food was a 10 out of 10...bread, meat and cheese where all high quality.So much history, I just want to sit in it all day. Enjoy it for what it is, a great piece of old Nola culture. Great patio out back. Bar service was excellent, table service moderate, but that's not why you're here. Good charcuterie plate.Napoleon House- Since 1791, This wonderfully historic bar and light eatery looks like it is about to crumble before your very eyes.  Originally built to house Napoleon in exile, it is one of the best places to have a Pimm's cup, gumbo, jambalaya, and hear non-stop opera!
It was one of the most filling and affordable lunches we had in the city.  
Jambalaya  6.95, Red beans and rice side 3.50, Pimms Cup 7.00.   Great lunch deal.  
A long history and good food.  Napoleon House is definitely worth a visit.I want to start by saying I love the food at Napoleon House. I really do. Like a lot. I would eat the bruschetta all day every day if bread and cheese didn't make you fat. 
I take a lot of visitors here with me, too. Everything is good, everyone is pleased. Life is good. I don't think I've eaten anything here I have not liked. 
I would give it more stars, but sometimes it seems like the staff would rather be somewhere else. I recently moved back to the quarter and I came to eat twice inside about ten days. First recent visit: friend and I waited for our beers for over 20 minutes. The waiter apologized and made self-deprecating comments about it... I still love you, guy, and your establishment, but maybe don't make comments like that repeatedly afterward. It gets weird for your table.
Second visit, everything is great until we go to pay the bill. I pay cash, my friend pays with card. I am not given change from what I gave our server, which I found strange. I didn't say keep the change, or anything like that, and I gave him a 20 for about $13 of food and drink. I had to find him and ask him for my change, and he seemed a bit surprised. 
The food and atmosphere are worth it, and everyone is nice. Just a bit distracted.Wow wow. First off this places atmosphere was fantastic. Beautiful old house, with classical songs playing really took you back to the period. Then there's the food.... Omg the food. Get the muffeleta sandwich.. But it's gigantic! I got the half and still almost couldn't finish it. The jambalaya is fantastic too. The pimms cups here are tasty af. Love this place. Would eat again every day if i could.If you want a muffuletta, come here, not Central Grocery. 
Why? The muffulettas here are warm, so much more flavorful!
We sat in the small courtyard on a nice fall day.
The gumbo is good, but not to die for. 
Gotta try the Pimm's Cup!My husband and I went here for drinks and I tried the Pims cup which was very good and refreshing.  I was also introduced to a drink called wasso by the really cool bartender.  It was warm apple cider mixed with alcohol and spices and was very good on that cold morning.  The atmosphere was very "old timey" which I liked.  I would recommend trying their Pims cup and Wasso for sure.This is the place that lays claim to popularizing the Pimms Cup cocktail in the United States. Who am I to argue with a 200-year-old bar steeped in history? 
The Pimms Cup was lovingly made by our bartender, who was happy to chat with us about the history of the bar as well as places to find good food and music in NOLA. 
Although we drank at the bar, we had to have a peek at the hidden courtyard that provided an outdoor oasis for patrons to dine. 
Although the Pimms Cup is for what the Napoleon House is known, they also make a mean Sazerac.We had a group of 13 that went here last night for dinner.  I live in Houston, but grew up in Baton Rouge and New Orleans.
Pros:  for a large group, we got seated pretty quick, which was nice. We sat in the courtyard.  Our waiter was ok... Not great, just ok. The prices were very reasonable for any restaurant, much less the French quarter.  I had the Muffuletta sand which and it was one of the best I have had.  
Cons:  I personally didn't like the music that was playing... But that is just me.  My wife got the seafood gumbo and was very disappointed.  She said she didn't taste any seafood in it, and for New Orleans you want good gumbo.
In all, it wasn't bad and would probably go back again.on the expensive side but the Pimms cup cocktail was great.  I like my food and the waiter was great.   Atmosphere was good as well.Tasty Tasty Pimm's Cup and it wasn't made by Mario so I really wanna go back and try one made by him-he's there during the day btw. I'm only giving it 3 stars because the bartender kept pushing us for a tip even though we weren't done with our drink...How rude!!! (in my Stephanie Tanner voice). He was kind enough to let us know that the kitchen was closed right when we got there so not to expect any hot plate items so I appreciated that. 
The Pimm's Cup is the only thing we tried because we were super turned off by the bartender's attitude. Immediately after making our drink he said, "what no tip?!" Then he returned at least one once more to check if we left one...
In NOLA I feel the need to leave a good tip but I just left $1 and he was VERY thankful. I was sooo confused by this character. Maybe people don't tip but I always leave a tip especially when they make a TASTY yet strong drink!
I'll be back for Mario!The food was fine, but our waiter was inattentive and distracted. I am not sure if he was overwhelmed or just bad, but it made for a very frustrating meal.Read about this first on Lonely Planet as a recommended lunch spot. 
We came for a late lunch on a cloudy day. The setting is great with the history of the building and the reason for its name. The classical music added to. 
We sat outside on the patio and ate red beans & rice (amazing) and a Greco panini (okay). 
Over all experience: excellent!
Need to come again for the Pimm's.The building is undergoing external renovations, so you might miss it and walk right by.
Husband had the garden sandwich cause he was needing to balance all the garbage we ate during the day. He liked it, but I wasn't a fan of the raspberry dressing. It needed something more subtle, maybe more tangy than sweet.
I got the alligator poboy just cause I wanted to try alligator. It tastes like pork. Nothing fancy, and I would say it's a good pork sandwich if no one told me I was eating alligator.
Also ordered a Pimms cup. I was trying to finish before we left, and the waiter let me know that he could give me a plastic to go cup. God bless open carry laws.
We were seated inside cause of the cold snap, but the garden/courtyard seating has heat lamps if you wanted something prettier.We only went in here for drinks.  The bartender was very nice.  We also got a cheese platter, which was also very good.i simply LOVE this place.  their pimm's cup is THE thing to get, especially on a rainy day when there's not much else a pedestrian can do without an umbrella... their cheese plate appetizer was ok, mostly normal cheeses that i could find anywhere... but, the bread pudding was knee-bucklingly delicious!  the walls and the decorations are fascinating, and the courtyard area is fairly chill as well.Absolutely terrible!  Stay away!  We decided to go based on a friends recommendation, despite the bad Yelp Reviews. We were wrong. It took 20 minutes to get drinks, they weren't crowded. The waiter was slow and rude. When we finally placed our orders, they were out of 2 things we wanted. The waiter came back twice more to tell us that they were out of what we ordered and asking us to choose new options. We ordered a cheese platter, when we asked the waiter where it was after another 20 minutes and he said it was coming, but never did. We ended up canceling our order and walking out. They were not apologetic and didn't seem surprised that we walked out. Save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else.The food was very good -- definitely recommend the muffuletta and the shrimp rmoulade, avocado salad. The avocado salad was small and is literally just that: an avocado cut in half with shrimp on top.. however, it was very filling, with good flavor.
Service was not the best -- I have a friend who speaks amazing English and has lived in the US for 16 years, but he spoke fast and made no time to genuinely communicate like he cared. When she asked him to repeat himself he acted very annoyed, and then spoke to her like she was stupid. Waters were not re-filled, and he did not ask us if we wanted the bill split; just dropped it on our table.
However, the manager came and checked on us, and also a busboy checked on us so we did feel wanted, albeit it not by our own waiter.
Atmosphere is great, dcor is unique, and they play beautiful classical music/opera without feeling "stuffy." Prices are very reasonable.
I would recommend for the food and atmosphere, but my experience with the wait-staff wasn't the best.We headed into Napoleon House for a late dinner on Friday night.  The server, hostess, and even the busser and other kitchen staff we saw were *very* friendly.  There was a ton of atmosphere, and it was really lovely outside on the patio.  There were nice fans that kept the air moving, and it was pretty much perfect.  Great Pimm's Cups, good Roast Beef Po-Boy with Debris, and all affordable.  
Everything was fine, until we noticed the giant cockroach crawling around on the brick wall over the fountain.  I was willing to not let it strongly influence my rating here on Yelp, like maybe a star or two off.  We actually were fairly entertained by the giant thing cruising around while we were sitting there waiting for the bill.  After we handed over the credit card, and a large RAT ran into the patio from the nearby alley and headed straight for the kitchen, I decided I had to remove some more stars.  My boyfriend thought that without the cockroach AND rat, it would have been a 4.5 evening at Napoleon House.  
Sorry kids, I'll give you a rat OR a cockroach, but BOTH?!!?  No thanks, you're getting a 1 star review now.  Wish I could love you, but major infestations (even in New Orleans) are too much for me.  The food was good, but I couldn't help but wonder how many bugs were in it....Although the food was really good, I wanted to get up and explore the Napoleon House because it looked so cool.The muffaletta was really good, as was the Pimms Cup. The courtyard is gorgeous, and the inside of the restaurant has a lot of charm. I would eat here again.The bourbon milk punch is delightful and refreshing. Their muffuletta was the best of my life. Great service. Highly recommCute ambiance and friendly service. We went there following a muffuletta recommendation. We had a muffuletta and a shrimp Po boy to share among 3 of us. The sandwiches were delicious and the portions quite large so we actually had lots to take back.The ambience was nice but the drinks were okay. It was an old establishment which had classical musical playing in the background. 
We ordered the Pimm's cups and a chilled shots of Lucid Absinthe. The Pimm's cup was okay, nothing special. Here at this bar, bartender served the Absinthe by pouring it over a sugar cube to help balance the flavor of the liquor.Originally built in 1791 for Napoleon himself, charming place for a Pimms Cup and cheese plate.  So much character and check out the courtyard.Loved this place for a few reasons: great service, ambiance, seafood gumbo and PIMMS CUP!! It became my favorite cocktail after being here!This place is wonderful. The food, the service the price the location, everything. I went there 3 times in a 5 day stay, that's how fantastic it was. All of the servers and bus persons were so polite and helpful. I had the seafood gumbo and the jambalaya, and many cocktails and sides, all were fantastic. The decor is beyond charming. Go there, eat, drink and be happy.Seriously one of the best lunches I've had in a while! The restaurant itself is gorgeous and screams old world NOLA, the watermelon Pimm's cup was so good as was al of the food, the spinach artichoke Dip was the best I've ever had! Our waiter Brian was so kind and helpful, it was probably the best service I've had so far! Can't say enough, we will be back!Great lunch place! Prices are good as well. My husband had the sausage poboy and I had the muffuletta with a Caesar salad and they were both good. Great place to get some more history, ask to sit in the courtyard.I like it here, it's just as a bar should be, dark, mysterious and serving drinks! I like the atmosphere here but I was surprised there were not more specialty cocktails on the menu.Turkey club was good, my husband got the grill cheese w avocado and bacon and it it was also good. Not a huge menu, no fries as a side, but it's a nicer restaurant but good prices, not as a pricey as other things in the area.I had the best sandwich I have ever eaten at the Napoleon House--their Muffuletta. It's so good! The review will not do it justice, so I recommend just going and trying one for yourself. The warm meat and cheese are brilliantly complemented by their olive tapenade, all of which are laid between perfectly toasted pieces of bread with sesame seeds on top. I was visiting New Orleans, tried the muffuletta one night, then went back the next night because I needed another taste. If you are eating alone, I would say order a quarter or half--it's very big.Best lunch so far in New Orleans.  Generous portions, great flavors, and quick service.Beautiful. Fare prices. Wonderful staff. Good food. After a week in NOLA this has been my favorite restaurantThe Food:
 We weren't super hungry so we only ordered the seafood gumbo and a side of jambalaya. Both were very delicious and authentic. Also had a few bites of the muffuletta from some family members and the bread is reason only to try it! So good! 
The Service/Ambiance:
We came 20 minutes to closing and they happily took our large party. Our waitress was super friendly and constantly checked on us. The ambiance is super cool and trendy.  The patio outside is beautiful and so nice in the evening. They also have misting fans so we weren't burning up! 
Would definitely come back again on a day when I could eat a full meal.I really, really wanted to love this place. We walked by it on our first evening in NOLA and I fell in love with the rustic charm. We came by here for an early dinner and it provided a nice change for our budget (read: we could grab a meal for less than $50 for two). 
Based on the reviews, I ordered a Pimms cup, and since we weren't starving we opted for the charcuterie plate and then shared a Muffaletta. 
The charcuterie plate was actually laughable: it consisted of 4-5 pieces of what we suspected to be kielbasa, 4-5 pieces of another kielbasa-like meat, a few dried up pieces of another meat, some of the driest, crustiest bread that I've ever had, 2 gherkins, and 1 olive. The menu didn't specify which meats were included on the plate, so perhaps that was our fault, but seriously. 
The muffaletta was good. We've never had one before so I'm not sure if it was supposed to be as salty as it was, but it was decent. 
Pimms cup? Win. I had two, and then we paid and left. The service was incredibly slow; it seemed as if they were short-staffed and our server was running between what seemed like all of the tables in the main dining room.Food was good, but not planning on returning or recommending to anyone. We had a muffuletta, which was huge, an Italian sub, and the jambalaya. Jambalaya was the worst, no spice which was disappointing for a local taste. Primm cup was a nice refreshing taste, daiquiri was a disappointment.
Best part of the meal was the cheese plate for an appetizer.
Atmosphere was nice, very hole in the wall feeling.This place is awesome. A quiet, candlelit resturant, historic preservation, beautiful construction and decor. The menu is somewhat limited compared to others in the area, but everything they make is done right. Our table ordered the spinach artichoke dip in a breadbowl, which was to die for,  red beans and rice, jambalaya,  turkey sandwich on rye, mufalata salad, roast beef- all of it was steller. A memorable experience.Muffelata at Napoleon House is best in NOLA. Red beans and rice good. Pimms Cup and strawberry Pimms Cup were outstanding.  Bread pudding was delicious.Pimms Cup was excellent and the place is dark and old and charming.  Food was very good and I would recommend.Very atmospheric. Boyfriend loved his muffaletta, while my shrimp remoulade-stuffed avocado was quite good. Service was super-quick, a little TOO quick, and the waiter didn't check on us after we were served, but overall a good experience. The courtyard was lovely.Pimms cup is a MUST. Arnold palmer tasting, very refreshing. Old building, great feel. I will be coming back.This review is for the bar only.
My friend and I stopped by here a couple times on the way back to our hotel. Mainly for Pimm's cups. We were not disappointed! They make their Pimm's cups with 7-up as opposed to ginger ale and we loved them (enough to hunt down Pimm's once we got back to Boston). The bartender was really awesome - friendly without being at all pushy or intrusive. He let us sit there enjoying our drinks and people watching for as long as we wanted. He even gave us a taste of a sazerac when he made one and had some extra left over. The atmosphere is very old world, dark and cozy. Would definitely return.Stopped in to rest our feet and fill our bellies, boy were we glade we did! We sat outside in the warm air and cool breeze, it was so relaxing. I opted for the traditional muffelata and my friend a po'boy. We also split the cheese board. All of our food was well prepared, of adequate proportion, and yummy! A great place everyone must try while in the French Quarter.This is a location with great history and the stories told here are sufficient to draw you in for the fun. However, the food and drinks lack the same richness of history or taste. It's a good place to soak in the history but that's about all.Two words: Pimm's Cup. Do it. 
The Pimm's Cup is an amazingly refreshing drink consisting of a gin-based liquor, lemonade, and 7-Up, garnished with a slice of cucumber. I defy you to drink only one of these little beauties. Tip: Drink it at the bar. The to-go cup looked to be about 30% smaller than the glass you get if you drink it in the restaurant. Basically, the Pimm's Cup almost deserves it's own little review. There's it, and then theres:
Everything else:
Napoleon House is located in a 200 year old building, and apparently, it has been a bar/restaurant since 1914. It looks and feels the part. They have a really nice outdoor seating area, however we opted to eat inside to cut down on our wait time. 
Service was interesting. The hostess was crabby...almost entertainingly crabby. I guess you have different standards for what constitutes acceptable customer service when in NOLA. Our waiter was nice, but service was slow and drink refills were hard to come by. I give him big props for steering me AWAY from a menu item! I asked him how the fish sandwich was, and he looked me dead in the eye and shook his head "no"!! Ok, point taken!
I ordered the "organic sandwich" (avocado, lettuce, tomato, sprouts, cream cheese, vinaigrette dressing) based on our server's recommendation. It was very fresh and tasty, especially the thick, fluffy multi-grain bread it was served on. My husband ordered half of an Italian Muffuletta. Unfortunately, his half-muff featured a TON of celery mixed in with the olive salad, and my husband despises celery. It was so pervasive, there was no way to scrape it off of the sandwich. Therefore, I cannot give a fair assessment of the muffuletta, because he hated it based on the celery explosion alone. As it so happens, I hate celery as well, so I did not sample a bite. 
In conclusion, this was a cool place, and I would come back PARTICULARLY for the drinks. I enjoyed my lunch, even though there was nothing traditionally "NOLA" about it. I think this place is definitely worth a try.This little gem and our waiter Jordan made our trip to the French Quarter.  Jordan recommended we try the tradional Pimms cup and the bourbon milk punch cocktail and they both were excellent. We also tried the stuffed avocado salad per his recommendation and loved it.  The prices were the best we had found in NO. We went here our last day and wished we had found it sooner. Jordan also gave us a tip on where else to go and we ended up having the best day ever. Thank you Jordan!!!Delish food, a place with some interesting history and a very nice homely feel. The muffaletta here is to die for. Jambalaya was decent too!my rating is based on the fact that my feet did not cross the threshold after viewing the fully visible mouse/rat poison dish displayed in the window and possibly impossible to remove since it is framed in...seems to be a food prep area with poison pellets spilling out and tracked who knows where. seems like they are missing an opportunity to make a charming window display with several windows, but choose to display vermin traps and lost cutlery.
no thanks.I'll give this three stars only because of the ambience, they have a cute courtyard. We went for lunch and had to wait a few minutes to be seated. Since we were in NOLA, we wanted a muffuletta, but this one was dry and definitely not the best. Actually, the bread was so dry we ate the sandwich without the top piece of bread. The olive mix was light and pretty boring in my opinion. I suggest skipping the Pimm's Cup here and having a more delicious Pimm's at the Carousel Bar.The place for pimms cups! Food isnt bad either. Great location in the Quarter right by the Omni royal orleans. My favorite place to get a cup on a hot day.The muffuletta and shrimp avacado salad were fantastic. Two of the best things I've had down here. Full of flavor!I had verification from a local shop owner that this was a good place for lunch. I was looking for it on my maps on my phone and said to myself.. now where is it? There's such and such and there's this so it should be there but that building is a dump. Oh. That dump is the Napoleon House. Well it is from the 1790's and apparently it hasn't been cleaned very often.
Inside the plaster is peeling off the walls in such a way as to form an abstract wallpaper pattern. 
I was hoping to sit in the courtyard but got put in a brick archway against a wall covered with many decades, maybe a hundred years worth, of graffitti. Whenever the ballpoint pen was invented is about how long people have been carving their names on this wall. 
The Pimm's Cup was just ok.  It was nice to try but it is isn't in my top ten cocktails.
Shrimp Remoulade in an avocado? wow. That was a very tasty surprise. 
Seafood Gumbo: Pretty good but just average. 
Would I go back? I might. I would tell them I'd wait so I could sit in the courtyard. I would also get that shrimp remoulade again. I have been told from two separate sources that the ratatouille sandwich is out of this world so if I go back, that will be on the agenda.Came here just to try Pimm's cup. We were seated outside and I highly recommend it if the weather allows. The ambiance is very nice and well lit.
The Pimm's cup was $7 and was as good as the others here say it is.Simple food done well.  It appears they ate focusing on doing one sandwich at a time, right, then repeating for everyone.  To those whose reviews included drivel about the staff, go back.  We were treated very well by all, they must have changed.  Yes it does look 200 years old, but the food is nowWe wanted to relax for a bit after walking around the French Quarter. We found this place, and they sat us in their garden- it was relaxing and perfect for an afternoon drink. We ordered drinks (made super well!) and ordered the Boudin Sausage appetizer ($5.00) and the Jambalaya ($6.95). Everything was delicious, the service was great, and we were able to relax for a bit and enjoy the ambiance. A great place to stop in on an afternoon!Some of the coolest bartenders around, they know their spirits.  Great drinks, great food, greatest atmosphere!  This is a must stop anytime I'm in town.