In love with this hole in the wall. Def must get some of the biscuits. They're huge!!!Apple Goat Cheese King Cake. Oh my gosh. Seriously. Absolutely fantastic. 
I came in with my boyfriend for breakfast on a Sunday and just had to try the mini version of their apple goat cheese king cake, so I bought one to save for later. I ended up not getting to eat it until the next day, but it was still absolutely unbelievable! It took everything in my power to not eat the entire thing in one sitting! 
To eat while I was there I had a crab omelet, which was very enjoyable. But the biscuits and homemade berry jam were the real star! I could eat their biscuits and jam every day for the rest of my life! 
It was absolutely packed the Sunday morning we were here. Upon entering we gave our name to one of the staff members so she could find us a table while we stood in line and ordered- it was an interesting system but seemed to work! And we had a table ready for us right after we finished ordering!We came on a Saturday brunch/lunch and there was a small line that reached out the door. But once inside, it was pretty quick. One worker reserved us a table. Then we stood in line debating what to eat before ordering at the counter and sitting down in their small house-shop. The walls are filled with decor, mainly paintings to be sold.
The food was brought out to us at more or less the same time. I got the french toast, a side of fried potato salad, and a cinnamon roll. The french toast was unfortunately a little burnt. The fried potato salad was pretty good though: three deep fried potato balls, crisp on the outside. I actually didn't get my cinnamon roll, but they were extremely nice and apologetic when I asked for it to go.Amazing staff and attention to customer service.  The food is equal in measure.  Highly recommend.Stumbled on this place looking for the sax player we could hear from down the street. The special was eggs grits and oysters it was unbelievable. You have to try the homemade blueberry jam!!This is as good as it gets for a corner eatery. We love eating here and enjoying the fresh lemonade, the fresh salads, the sandwiches, and the deserts.Sunday Brunch had a line, but the staff handled the seating well. You can sit outdoors or indoors. Don't be in a hurry. Take your time and enjoy the food, the atmosphere, and the experience. I rate on food first, service second, atmosphere third, and price value fourth. This is a 5 star joint and you don't need to mortgage the house to dine here.Had Boudin, grits and eggs. My Cajun friend introduced me to Boudin although I do not want to ask what it is.....it is yum and the homemade jelly with the amazing biscuit.I don't think I've been this excited by a sandwich since the one I had at Stein's back in December. Don't get me wrong. I've had some damn good sandwiches in the past several months (how I love sandwiches...) but Cake Café's tofu sandwich (on today's special board) is simply fantastico!
Do they make all the bread here? Sure tastes like it. I ordered mine on ciabatta as opposed to wheat or rye. So fresh and chewy. The tofu is deep fried, Asian style (crunchy on the outside) and although I think I'd prefer it marinated and baked, I also appreciate the crunchy texture mixing in with the rest of what's piled on there. The pesto schmear is a flavor blast, as are the marinated tomatoes. I added on avocado (recommend!) and they give you a half of one. Nice. They top it off with fresh cucumber slices. It's been hours and I'm still full.
Add in shady sidewalk café seating on a warm, breezy Saturday afternoon and you've got serious idyllica (I made that up) going on.
Except for the no booze part. Not that I'm complaining, but if I were in that brunchy kind of mood, I'd be wishing for Bloody Marys. 
Props to the cook/runner who hails from Jersey!This little Hole in the wall is an excellent brunch place! You get a cupcake for $1 with each meal you buy. The cupcakes are homemade and the icing is overwhelmingly amazing!!! This is a must have because of the cupcakes!Great food and I love how it's located in Marigny neighborhood far from the tourist crowd! Ordered Corned Beef Hash with Yukon Potatoes, and Fresh Watermelon Juice. You order and pay at the cashier, and they will serve the food to your table. They have outdoor seating as well. Very friendly staff. If only I had more space in my tummy I would've tried their cakes as well!Highly recommend this place for flavor and quality of food! Go... get any meal. And the  $1 cupcake with it. The lemon cupcake was delicious! Located in the cute neighborhood of Marigny.We try to go here for breakfast when we are in NOLA.  Awesome!  Their bakery goods are wonderful as well.  King cakes are great too.This place was great. I had a local crab and spinach omelette which was delicious and half the price of the hoity-toity place near the convention center.  The coffee is serve yourself, they had a nice selection of baked goods, donuts, tart sort of things and they catered to vegetarians at least.  They have indoor and outside seating, the service was friendly, and the whole experience was down to earth. Everyone enjoyed their meal.Stayed in the Marigny for Jazzfest and tried a different breakfast place almost every day we were there (8 days).  Day one, just a couple hours after getting in from the airport, we went to Cake Cafe. Every day thereafter I ended breakfast saying, that was pretty good but we should have gone back to Cake Cafe.  Their biscuits are amazing.  Their 'healthy grits' are just incredible -the grits themselves, something I am very picky about, were perfect and the roasted veggies were delicious.  My husband loved the corned beef hash.  When we finally went back for a second trip I was feeling a bit worn out on huge, rich breakfasts so I stuck with the oatmeal.  It was delicious.  Seriously, good oatmeal!  The coffee is fantastic (something I found to be very hit or miss in New Orleans breakfast joints).  Strong strong recommend.Saw the good reviews and decided to take a walk from the French Quarter for some breakfast. I ordered the Spanish style omelet with a side of bacon. Very good!  The place isn't very big, but it was not a problem as it wasn't that crowded. Definately enjoyed it and it was worth the stroll away from the Quarter.Pretty good spot. Ultra-casual and locally hip.  Service was excellent.  Those folks bust it on a busy weekend brunch.  But, overall, the food was under-impressive.  Perfectly fine, but nothing remarkable.While I love just about everything from Cake Cafe, this review is about their cakes. The photo is of the cake I got for our daughter's birthday. It was really good and so pretty. We totally love this spot for breakfast, but they're just as good for lunch. I highly suggest the roasted veggies in the omelette or sandwich - it comes with creamy goat cheese! Also, my husband loves the boudin and eggs, while the kiddos are happy with tasty scrambled eggs and toast. A family friendly atmosphere and moderate prices.this is my go to place in the mornings 
and they are now serving french truck coffee come get some yall
food is allllllllways good
and the staff rocksFound this place very Yelp during a visit to New Orleans.  It was a few minutes walk from our hotel.  
Loved the "locals" feel of it.  The Cafe Au Lait had a fun heart drawn in the foam.
The shrimp and grits was delish.  The meat omelette was just TOO much food.The menu always sounds so delicious but it's never executed well. Everything just always needs to have one more element like a little more salt or something spicy or a different textural component. Overall it's just OK...nothing to be wowed by which is unfortunate because it is such a cute place with a great atmosphere & fantastic service.Nice and super friendly! The pastries are excellent and the food is good. Don't miss this place!Kitchen closes at 245. I got there at 215. Ordered. Received my cold food. Did not enjoy said cold food. 
Crab sandwich - wish I remembered to add avocado to it. Anyway. Brie, spinach, and bacon along with the crab. The crab has no flavor and there is hardly any bacon. Pretty sure it was one piece of bacon broken in half. I got it on challah and that was this sandwich's saving grace. Nice and buttery and toasty and just good. I really ended up just eating it as toast with my over easy eggs. 
Salmon and eggs - not sure why I thought this was going to be something special. Lol. It's literally salmon and eggs. Eggs over easy with a side of salmon. Not much else to say about it. Wish the salmon wasn't fully cooked, made it pretty dry. 
Shrimp and grits - I think I've been spoiled by the vast amounts of places that serve ridiculously amazing shrimp and grits in New Orleans because this was lacking. Their shrimp was abundant, but they were small and rubbery. The grits, I don't want to say congealed because that's not the right word but when grits get cold and they're just like gross... yeah. My boyfriend, who usually licks the plate clean, left more than half the dish uneaten. 
French toast - made with challah and served with orange pecan maple syrup. We ate it with the house made jam and it was so good. 
Biscuits (served with the shrimp and grits and salmon and eggs) - I remember these being soooo good. But today, they were dense, dry, not flaky, and not buttery. The jam helped. 
Cucumber lemonade, raspberry tea, freshly squeezed orange juice - all tasted fresh and good. The cucumber lemonade was a little bitter, but I added a little sugar and that helped. Each drink ranged from $3.75-4. 
Got 3 cupcakes for $1 each. Strawberry, lemon, and chocolate. For a dollar, no complaints from this girl. 
Can't remember how much each dish cost, but my total was $63.Nice place with amazing coffee and good food. Was our morning fuel when we were spending our weekend in Nola. Whether you eat there or take to go, u will love the ambience of the place for the entire time ur there.
I had the Cafe Au Lait and Tofu Sandwich. I didn't have any expectations (hunover and just wanted something to grab a bite and somehow that and Tofu scramble caught my eye). The sandwich was amazing, good taste (despite tofu) and right amount of crunch and moisture with veggies.I'm obsessed with this place. and that's putting it mildly. I have a thing for breakfast sandwiches, and theirs (and not just one kind!) are pretty amazing. I love coming here for breakfast, but lunch is great here too.. and regardless of the time I come, I always find myself adding a cupcake for an extra $1 (wild girl). 
I love the vibe of this place, unlimited coffee, and the food is great. Plus, sitting outside, Coops (my dog) can chill out and people watch with me.  It does get crowded, but tables turn around fast. 
This is one of my steady favorite breakfast places.. and actually writing this now is making me want to go back asap. I haven't tried all their pastries yet (there are a BUNCH).. but they look ridiculously delicious.. never been disappointed!Damn!  I picked this place because of the fabulous reviews on Yelp, but I guess it depends on what you order. 
 It was absolutely the worst food I ate in New Orleans, and the staff was not particularly welcoming.
The food - okay, in all fairness, there were several folks around us munching on large breakfast sandwiches that looked good, and they seemed well satisfied.
But everything I ordered was gross.  I got some kind of breakfast quichey type pastry that was 99% stale, dry, unflavorful bread, with a thin1% film of ingredients over the top (theorectically red peppers and goat cheese) that could be seen, but barely tasted.
I also ordered the fruit bowl which was flat out disgusting.  For $3.50, I got two sour orange slices, a handful of rock hard sour strawberries, some thinly sliced apple (which was good,), and a half of a ROTTEN banana!  That's right, they served me a rotten banana, and were proud of it!  It was mushy and gray (rather than firm and light yellow), and also neatly sliced and decoratively fanned out to take up half the fruit bowl. Soft, mushy, and rotten, attractively arranged.  Just disgusting!!!  Wouldn't you be better off telling customers, "I'm so sorry, but the fruit isn't very good right now."  WHO SERVES THEIR CUSTOMERS DECORATIVE ROTTING FOOD???
My husband got the standard breakfast, 2 eggs, bacon and biscuit.  The eggs were good, and he really liked the biscuit, but the butter had gone bad.  The bacon was 80% fat, almost inedible. 
Would never go back, would never recommend to others.This is a must stop.  I had the corn beef hash.  Nice big chunks of meat and not too salty.  Ask for the homemade jam for the biscuit.What a gem, this is where all the locals go.  
We enjoyed an order of shrimp and grits with a blue berry crescent and raspberry limeaid.  I had total food envy of just about everything else that walked out of the kitchen.  Service was quick and friendly, the coffee which we had after lunch was good and fresh, and the grits were suuuuuper tasty.Such good food and love the artwork in here! 
We had the shrimp and grits and the corn beef hash!We had breakfast here twice in our short trip to New Orleans! On the first day I had a flavorful and delicious portabello omelette and on the second day I had a perfect breakfast sandwich. Everything is well-seasoned, and the price performance is exceptional. Their biscuits are soft and flaky, and the coffee is excellent. The service is great, and all their baked goods looked awesome even though I didn't try any.After reading the reviews about this place, I was ready to love every bite of the pastries we ordered. It was very ordinary and nowhere near extraordinary, which is why we didn't pay a repeat visit during our four day stay in NOLA. The staff was very kind, which made the experience enjoyable. I wish the food was better.Sure, the cupcakes are crazy good, and the king cake is just perfect, but don't miss the cafe action at this cozy little spot!  We ate here a couple of times while visiting NOLA over Christmas and were so glad we stumbled on this gem.  It's a great escape from the typical tourist dominated food scene in the FQ despite being just blocks away from the spot on Frenchmen where we stayed.  The service was friendly, the food quality was outstanding, and the cupcakes were, well, the icing on the cake!  The breakfast sandwiches earned high marks, as did the omelettes, the boudin was perfectly crisp on the outside, and the biscuits are fluffy and moist.  But the star here is the shrimp and grits - simple, yummy comfort food in a place where you feel comfortable.  Can't wait to come back!
PS - If you are looking for some free WiFi so you can camp out at a table and write your screenplay, this is not the spot for you.  This is a popular but cozy eatery, so they don't have WiFi, and ask that you politely vacate your table if you are finished and others are waiting.  So grab yourself a cupcake, and take your Mac on down to the Orange Couch Cafe a few blocks away where they cater to those looking to linger.Some locals told us about this place close to Frenchmen St. It happened to be right across from our B&B...was it worth missing the breakfast at our B&B..YES! The shrimp and grits were the best I have ever had! Ooooooooo weee....for $1 you can get a fresh homemade muffin or biscuit. Can you say delicious?!? Please find your way over to the Cake Cafe!My friends brought over a cake from this place and it was amazing!  Highly recommended!!Cake Cafe cupcakes are in their own category. This place will make any cupcake hater convert. Moist, delicious, with a generous heap of frosting. The flavors are unpretentious but enticing to the imagination and fully satisfying to the palette. The strawberry buttercream on any cake is fantastic. The praline cupcake is my favorite. Chocolate w peanut butter frosting. Oh my. Strawberry lemon... Perfect combination of tart/sweet. Lime. Coconut. I love them all and washing my cupcake down with their strawberry lemonade is a must! This is a before work spot for me so i rarely have time to sit down, but everything I have ordered has been wonderful. Fried potato salad is bomb. And the breakfast biscuit is my go-to morning sandwich, when I feel like spending $7 on a breakfast biscuit, that is. The $1 cupcake with my meal makes up for it, though. Five stars!There's much more to New Orleans food than the French Quarter, and New Orleans Cake Café proves it! The breakfast and lunch menus are inventive twists. Plus everything is made from scratch and so delicious. 
Especially on weekends the order line is out the door with taxis dropping people off. Somehow word is out. There is table seating indoors and a few outside if you can stand the heat and humidity. 
The croissant breakfast sandwich is really popular, but check their specials board. This time I had their special house-made corned beef hash, fried eggs with Yukon potatoes and rye. So phenomenally good!
Even with a full house, service is totally down home N'Awlins and neighborhood friendly. Coffee and condiments are self serve. The Cake Café is a block from my friend's home where I stay in the Marigny. Good thing it's not near my home or I'd be going every morning.I tried this place for lunch with my boyfriend. This is probably the best local brunch cafe we have ever been to in New Orleans! We had special dishes (crab, shrimp, and avocado salad & grilled chicken sandwich) and biscuits and gravy on the daily menu. Everything was so tasty, fresh, and pretty!!! We felt like all the dishes were carefully made with super fresh ingredients which made them more authentic!!! Thank you for a great meal!!!Wow.  We found a photo of this woman pouring icing over these fabulous looking cinnamon rolls in the Delta magazine on the flight over to NO, and so we walked from Bourbon Street and found the place!  AND somehow got the last cinnamon roll, straight from the woman in the picture!  AND it was absolutely delicious.  We also had eggs and biscuits and coffee and it was all scrumptious.  The staff here is wonderful and extremely helpful and kind.  It is definitely a place where the locals go and no wonder!  There's also a cool cat named Maitre D who hangs out outside the restaurant. I loved that we took the time to walk and find this place - it didn't let us down and is one of my favorite memories from the weekend.Yum!!! We are here two of our three breakfasts!! Rented mopeds to get back over there the second time. Great food, some of our favorites were: the pulled pork special served with grits and eggs, the "healthy" grits with roasted veggies on top and goat cheese and the biscuits and gravy. Also great coffee, pastries and  cupcakes!!Best food I had on my New Orleans vacation. Most delicious French toast I've ever had and loved my $1 lemon cupcake that I saved for later. Only thing not good was the sausage which was dry and inedible but everything else was great. They were very organized in moving thru the line, getting you a table, and serving food fast on a busy Saturday morning. Will definitely go again.our  favorite breakfast spot. We are regulars and go almost every weekend. Super sweet staff and a wonderful atmosphere. I love the roasted veggie and goat cheese omelet and the breakfast panini with egg roasted tomato, cheese and bacon on fresh baked bread. The pastries are very good too and the biscuits (at a dollar a pop) are HUGE and served with home made jam (if you ask for it). The coffee is good and self serve. Is it saturday yet??? Cause I wanna go back!This spot is the truth! We had a group of 6 for breakfast and they accommodated us with no problem. Service is great! Prices are right! Food is excellent (and we tried a mixture of Shrimp & Grits, Catfish & Eggs, Corn beef Hash, bagels, etc.)! We also took advantage of the $1 cupcakes. So good!Cake Cafe is the best! From the pasteries, to the breakfast and lunch options to the service. A+ everything! I pop in all the time and always enjoy both my exchange with the owners and employees as well as my tasty anything I get. Sometimes the line is obnoxious but they are really amazing at busting through and getting everyone sereved and happy! Also they have the bst biscuits in town.Cafe Cake & Bakery is a cute little corner cafe in a quiet neighborhood not far from Bourbon St. I ordered the catfish and eggs, which was good, but honestly, the cupcake (which comes with any meal for $1) stole the show. The grits that came with my meal were just kind of average but the catfish was very delicious! 
My friend ordered the chicken breakfast tacos and raved about them, so those are certainly worth a try. 
There's a ton of excellent food in New Orleans so it's definitely fierce competition, I would put Cafe Cake in the middle of the pack.De-lish should be the name of this place. 
For me, I LOOOOOOOOOOOVE the Marigny, so maybe I'm biased, but my palate is NOT hun!!!! 
This place has a NOLA meets Cali feel. The outdoor patio of Cali, but the laissez faire feel thats so 'naturally n'awlins'. But how-be-ever, inside or outside, whichever's your dining pleasure, charm & good food makes this place a winner in my book. 
Ordered, to go, a crab sandwich (crab meat, bacon, spinach & some fixings), an iced coffee & I'm a happy little lady (not to mention I'm watching the Saints vs da Bears = me tickled pink).  My sandwich also came with these fried (in peanut oil or canola idk) lightly salted chips... Oooooh la la... WINNING!!!
And to boot, they serve pastries... Hellllo Granny will love it here too. 
Street parking. Friendly, I'll go out of my way to help you staff. A little compact, but its great place, so deal with it. Go green/environment friendly.I am a boudin snob and search high and low for boudin in this city as good as boudin in cajun country outside Lafayette and am mostly dissapointed both by taste ad over pricedness. Well I did not feel that way about cake cafe boudin king cake. Whoever boudin they use is magnificent ad I literally picked apart my king cake. The boudin by itself had good flavor. It had alot of meat in it and a good about of seasoning not so spicy. I loved the bacon chunks on top and that syrup? Painted on the cake was the perfect touch! I wish they sold it year roud.We decided to go out for breakfast, since everybody told us how great the brunch scene is in the city is. Through Yelp we ended up here and THANK YOU GODS OF YELP AND THE INTERNET! 
We had the BEST breakfast of our lives!!! We ordered The French Toast with a side of seasonal fruit and iced coffee...... No words. We are in heaven! And the southern hospitality is on point!Awesome. My boyfriend and I were from out of town and we were having an interesting time trying to find restaurants with substantial vegetarian options. The biscuits with mushroom gravy was amaaazing. My plate was like a pool of gravy and I ate every last drop! My boyfriend got the French toast which was equally delicious. The syrup was really different than most places with just maple syrup. We also got an awesome fruit bowl that came with a nice variety of different fruits. I will definitely go back the next time we're in town!Shockingly delicious tofu scramble. (Not actually a scramble, but cubed firm tofu.) Outdoor seating. Very low-key, casual place. Coffee is just okay. Good food!Yes yes yes! 
Lovely little spot tucked in a sweet little hood! 
The staff were lovely and service was fast and awesome. 
THIS IS THE BEST BISCUITS AND GRAVY IVE EVER HAD! And I loooooooove biscuits and gravy. 
So tasty!!!!The Crab Omelette was not great, too fishy for my taste buds. I chose not to eat it and left.I rode my bike down to the bywater on Sunday morning with a couple of friends and my husband.  We had been there before about a year ago.  It was a toss up between the Cake Cafe and Elizabeth's.  We opted for the Cake Cafe.  All three of my dining companions will tell you BIG MISTAKE.
I can't say much because I had two eggs over easy with toast (1 piece of bread - when I order toast, I want two pieces) and bacon (did I mention 5 pieces?).
My food was good but...  my husband had an omelet with shrimp.  The shrimp were the tiny things imported from Russia(?).  My husband is an eater, he pushed his plate away halfway through.
The other two folks we were with also chose some seafood items.   All I heard on the ride home was how awful the food was...
For me, I'll say give me two pieces of bread and two pieces of bacon...  other than that, it was ok.  Would I go back?  Yes for a pastry but not for breakfast.  I'll pedal the extra hundred feet or so and go to Elizabeth's.Always a bit of a wait.  But usually the line goes quickly.  And the food is great.  Freshly made pastries.  Great combos of eggs and breakfast.  Sausage was spicy.Absolutely love the place and love the staff that works here. The food is great, the baked goods are great, and the service is great.
A few suggestions:
1) They take your order when you first walk-in, near the registers
2) I try to go during (semi) off hours so I don't have to fight the crowd
3) I like to sit outside, but be weary of all the pigeons!! 
4) get the lumpcrab cakeThe Cake Café was phenomenal. We went here for 2 of our breakfasts the weekend we visited. The setup is easy to maneuver. You wait in a short line, order at the counter, and they have a table ready for you after you order. The food was great. You can add an exceptional cupcake to your order for $1. We really enjoyed the cucumber lemonade. There is indoor and outdoor seating. Unlimited coffee refills were not missed. The staff was friendly and efficient. Will return on my next visit to the city.So good that we came here twice on our trip. Pulled pork to die for. Outstanding cupcakes.Delicious fresh breakfast! The place isn't very large so it can get crowded fast. I can't imagine what the weekend crowd is like because it was pretty busy on a weekday but if there is a wait it's definitely worth it. Also definitely get the $1 cupcake with your meal...so good and moist!First of all: major shout out to the cashier/front-of-house employee. I can't remember his name but he seems to be the only one ever working the register. He is a shining beacon of hope in a town of questionable service. From remembering our names no matter how infrequent our visits to giving sterling menu suggestions, he really is fantastic. He marries attention to detail and a genuine attitude to a relaxed demeanor that is never overbearing.
Ok, on to the food. I normally have the daily special which has never steered me wrong. The only thing I ordered off the actual menu that wasn't my cup of tea was the crab sandwich--a little too fishy for my taste. Delicious iced coffee and dude, their pastries are off the chain. I know that is their specialty but they definitely live up to their reputation.
Lastly, the prices are super fair. I never leave feeling like I broke the bank. I also love that, despite the location, there is nothing pretentious or especially "hipster" about Cake Cafe. 
5 stars, bravo, encore, etc.mmmmmm Perfectly fried cornmeal crusted catfish and delicious grits with who knows how many fluffy scrambled eggs. Enormous biscuit with homemade jam. Freshly squeezed juice was very good. Very friendly. Highly recommended!We stopped in this morning for a quick bite to eat.  Ordered a few biscuits with a side of boudin and ham.  The biscuits were sooo light and fluffy!  Quite possibly the best biscuit I've ever eaten, and being from the south I've eaten A LOT of biscuits!  The ham was just normal ham, not country ham (like I was hoping).  The husband said the bourdin was really tasty.  Oh yea- you can get a cupcake for $1 with your meal.  Its vacation, so we said- sure!  It was tasty, but nothing special.Eats: strawberry deliciousness pastry, ham and cheese stuffed croissant
Drinks: cucumber lemonade, iced cold brew
We went to grab a quick breakfast before going on the Swamp tour. We were greeted with the sweetest and friendliest staff. Both of the pastry were fresh and delicious. (All their pastries are baked on site). The iced cold brew was one of the best I've ever had and the cucumber lemonade was super refreshing and light (perfect for the dehydrating weather). 
They have an endless selection of baked goods, as well as an extensive plated breakfast menu. Great cozy spot with good service, yummy food, a clean environment and no crowds!Friendly and welcoming staff.  Love their locks & bagel and their red velvet cupcakes are the best in the city.  Always fresh.  Wasn't too impressed by the crab omelette, but I'll give it (the dish) another try.  Love this place, and the surroundings.Nice little breakfast spot in Marigny! I stayed at an AirBnB right around the corner and was thrilled to find this place on a morning when I absolutely NEEDED coffee and a breakfast sandwich. They have a full cake bakery but also a full breakfast menu. Really enjoyed it!Cake Cafe never falls short of excellent.
Great coffee, friendly staff, and bakery goods to die for. Their king cake is the best in town, especially apple goat cheese. Chocolate glazed donuts and wedding cake cupcakes are heaven. 
I love their biscuits and sausage gravy for breakfast. The mile-high biscuits are fluffy and delicious. Go here now!Amazing pastries. We enjoyed the artwork and the low-key atmosphere. We all had breakfast and enjoyed our food!So far this season we are 9 king cakes in and the apple goat cheese has been the hands down winner so far!Great service. I have has the most delicious donut in the city of New Orleans from this bakery. This is my weekly brunch spot, and it is wonderfully delicious!$1 for a cupcake added to your meal?
YES PLEASE!! 
My mouth is seriously salivating before I write this review. All the great memories are just rushing back! A local had recommended this place and it was near our friend's house so we walked over here. As soon as we walked in it felt like home. It's an unassuming tiny little place, the kitchen and the counter take up most of the space. You walk up to the counter and just order..my breakfast alone was $20 BUT it was the most amazing breakfast ever. I had the shrimp and grits with eggs over easy on top, added a boudin sausage, added a biscuit, added a cupcake and ordered a cold brew coffee and of course got the jam! Everything was divine. I really just wanted to drink the jam. I was so full but kept eating and eating and eating and was pretty much in a food coma for the rest of the day. I come from Beaumont, where I believe the best boudin is produced..this homemade boudin came pretty close to 2nd though! My breakfast partner even ordered herself a side of boudin sausage after she tried mine. 
With all the delicious cupcake options I decided to go with one of the lady-who-works-there's favorite-- German chocolate..OMG I died when I ate it. Super rich, but super moist. I am a cupcake connoisseur and that was a mighty fine cupcake. Definitely worth the extra $1!
I want to come back and try the oyster/shrimp grits thing they got going and some of their other dishes. It all looked so fab. Service is more DIY, but food came out super fast. A+ for that.Came here on a Friday morning because it was close by and I was pleasantly surprised.  My friends decided to stay back and I'm glad they did because I had no desire to stop and talk while consuming the delicious plate of shrimp and grits that I ordered.  I was worried that I might end up with a couple of stringy shrimps on a heaping mound of grits but I couldn't have been more wrong.  The shrimp were thick and meaty and seasoned perfectly along with some sautéed onions and tomatoes.  I'm new to the grits game but those were fantastic as well.  Just be careful when you leave your table (you have to order at the counter) because it's packed and when I made my way back to my table I found two old men had made themselves comfy.  I almost had nowhere to sit but luckily a group was just leaving.  Staff was friendly and food on point!They have excellent bagels. I have been on the hunt for a decent one since leaving New York. Cake Cafe's are the love child between a bialy and a bagel with giant chunks of onion and garlic. The lox spread had large chunks of fish and the iced coffee was cold and strong. Double bonus points for being walking distance from my house, but that doesn't affect the rating.Awesome little place with great food and great service. Breakfast was delicious with fresh ingredients!Holy cow - this is a really good breakfast spot!  It's busy, so if you want a waiter/ess who will pamper you and take care of your every need, go to f-ing Disneyland and get lost in Your Own Small World.  These folks do the best they can with a space that is crowded with people like us who will take great food over great service...and their service STILL rocks.  
When you arrive, step inside if there's room, or wait outside if there isn't; they'll take care of you either way in a few moments with a menu and taking note of your party on a seating list.  Before you can recall all ten amendments to the Constitution, you'll be at the front of the line, ordering your food & drinks, paying up, and finding your way to a table inside or out.  Sit yourself down.  You won't be waiting long.
Soon, someone will come out hollering your name with your drinks.  Soon again, they'll be hollering your name with plates full of good food.  I dug into the fried catfish & eggs over a bed of grits like a hungry man.  OK, so I WAS a hungry man, but the flavor kept me eating all the way through.  Perhaps a bit more shaved scallion or a spoon of caramelized on top would help, but that's being picky.  My wife had the boudin and let me try a bite.  That was a mistake, as I nearly ate it all - so rich & smokey & tender!  Meanwhile, my daughter loves her scrambled eggs just so - which means browned and dry as a bone.  This is the first restaurant that got 'em right on the first try, and she was stoked.  Washed it all down with a great spicy chai & the terrifically refreshing cucumber lemonade.  At $13 each, it was a deal.
I'm only in nola for a week, but I expect that I can get three great varied breakfasts here.  Go check it out.Love this place. ESP the shrimp and grits! The goodies are delicious too.OMG, visiting from Tampa, stayed with a friend down the street from this "GEM" we absolutely loved everything about this restaurant. From the ambiance, the food, cappuccino, cupcakes to the cat who sat with us! You must try this place..... I would go out of my way to go again.It seems a pleasant neighborhood spot. Maybe best for coffee and pastries. Our hot breakfast choices were so-so at best. Spanish omlette and crawfish over grits. Not really impressed by either. Kind of bland, especially the omlette. For the long lines and limited seating, I was expecting something more notable. Their Cafe au Lait was not one of the better tasting ones we had either. But they have a bunch of baked goods that looked tasty, so maybe that is their main thing.Wonderful shrimp and grits, juicy fried oysters,  tasty sausage gravy, and huge biscuits.  I try to eat here at least twice during Jazz Fest each year.  Not to be missed.Your local diner that is just around the corner. You can't get a more local, authentic NOLA breakfast than you can here. We ordered the eggs & boudin, fried potato salad, shrimp & grits, and two individual king cakes. They've won several awards for their King Cake and have a variety of flavors. You cannot leave here without eating a King Cake!I love this place! We try to eat breakfast here at least once every time we come in town. The boudin is amazing! So are the cupcakes - I'm not usually a cupcake fan, but these are fantastic and probably the best hangover cure in NOLA. The service is friendly and fast, and even though it gets busy, they always find you a table in no time and with a smile. Great coffee too, which isn't as common as you'd hope this close to the quarter.grabbed brunch here with friends this a.m.  tables inside were full so we sat outside.  protocol is to order from the standard menu (which you can check out at their website) or the specials board next to the register.  go back to your seat and wait for your food to be delivered to you. there are no waitresses so tip at the register. 
minus 1 star for the chick who took my order and rolled her eyes (confirmed by one of my dining companions) when i told her no bread (i have a wheat allergy). yes, i'm aware that i'm at the CAKE cafe which sells lots of BREAD; however, i'm sure you and the patrons of this establishment don't want to see me die at my table.  i think this would be bad juju for business - not to mention the fact that it would ruin my day.
other than this, i thought my food was top notch and obviously made from quality ingredients. also relatively inexpensive for the amount of food you get. I plan to return to try other menu items.
note: i wouldn't get here any later than 10 since this place is popular with both tourists and locals.  so, if you can't (a) sober up  or (b) make bail prior to this hour, wait until 11:30 or noon since the place thins out around this time. kitchen closes at 2.45.I like to think of this place as more bakery than restaurant. Come here to satisfy all your bfast/brunch needs! We popped in for some coffee and pastries before we headed out for the day, and there was a line out the door! Luckily, that was only for people sitting down and ordering.
We shared a king cake (first one, delicious!) and ham/cheese danish. Both delicious. I love that you can see them baking everything in the back. Seems like a very authentic, down-home type of cafe.This my go to place when i feel like having breakfast! Awesome food. Friendly people. My favorite pastry is the pesto brie apple tart. Soooo good.I don't get the raving reviews for this place. The food was solid, but the most impressive thing was the large flaky biscuits. It definitely has a bit of charm and feels like where the locals eat. My tofu scramble was somewhat bland, and the seating made it pretty tight quarters. I much preferred Satsuma Cafe. Wondering how cake cafe is rated higher. Oh well, I guess if I lived in Nola and wanted decent food quickly, I would frequent this place too.New Orleans Café and Bakery is truly a neighborhood gem in Marigny district, a few minutes drive or walk from the French Quarter.
This place ambiance is casual and self service. I ordered Biscuit and Gravy, a gravy over a fresh-baked biscuit, topped with Andouille sausage. It was made fresh and very flavorful.
Whilst they specialize in creating hearty meals, they also offer wide variety of desserts and custom made cakes.
In nicer weather, there are tables outside for dining as well. I love this place, it's definitely on my list of restaurants to visit again in New Orleans.We used to live in New Orleans and when going back for a week, we didn't want to feel like tourists. Found this place via Yelp which was a quick walk from our apartment on Ursulines in the Quarter, and it was everything we were looking for: local, casual and delicious. Don't pass up the chance to add a cupcake for a dollar!
We liked it so much we came back again before our trip was over. On the first visit we split a cupcake, on our second, we each got our own!
After eating dense, heavy foods in the Quarter all week, I loved their vegetarian offerings and opted for the roasted vegetable omelet. Delicious! I'm going to try eggplant and squash in my omelets now that I'm home.
The only downside is that there isn't much ambience. There are no nooks to hide in, and it felt almost cafeteria-esque. Our conversation didn't feel very private. On our second visit it was warmer and we were able to sit outside, but only after a long wait that involved standing on the corner outside the store waiting for someone to get up.
If you're just visiting and want something outside the tourist traps, I highly recommend.Come here if you appreciate  quality.  Absolutely delicious food,  incredible hospitality.  Shrimp and grits and bondin sausage were on point.  Or you can go all out and order the Lawrence omelette - not on the menu but it is the biggest omelette  you'll ever eat, filled with meat and roasted veggies.  Wow is all I can say.  Lemon ice cupcake is divine too. The owners are so sweet and it's such a personal experience.  Enjoy!!!!!Oh happy day! Cake Cafe is now OPEN ON MONDAYS! Please disregard my earlier warnings about going here on a Monday. 'Cause I just did it, and it was awesome. Yay!We had a great breakfast there. Very local and down to earth, baked goods and full breakfast.
The home made sausage us heavenly! And it to whatever you order! It's technically comes with one dish, but just ask for it.
Spanish breakfast is great. So are the tacos.Um, yum.
Delish King cake and brekkie items in this Marigny hot spot.Great place in an adorable neighborhood, I love Cake Cafe!  Food is fabulous, made with fresh ingredients at a reasonable price - and who can resist a $1 cupcake?  My favorite breakfast in NOLA!  We'll be backLove this place so much!! Great service, amazing food, good iced coffee, and a home-like atmosphere. Did I mention the food?Hands down my favorite Marigny breakfast joint. 
If you can hold off on the scrumptious cupcakes and other fanciful confections in the pastry case, the breakfast and lunch items are just as delightful. My favorites are the lox and eggs, Spanish omelet and tofu sandwich. But seriously, it's all good. 
Especially for the price. Most entrees are under $10 and the portions are filling. Since this place is so deservedly popular, (and also somewhat small) it can get pretty crowded, but I have never been unable to find a table. In my experience, the service is pretty friendly and the kitchen's usually quick about getting the food out. 
My only complaint here is that they're ever closed.Coffee is good and the pastries look fabulous. 
Food is mediocre. Got the bagel with lox. This is not a bagel. It's a bun. If you want a bun order this but if you want a good chewy bagel do not! The lox appears a few days too old. 
The folks here are super nice but the tables were not cleaned. I had to clean my own table.You order at the counter then they bring it out to you. People are very nice. The food was well prepared and fresh. They have indoor and outdoor seating. Ill be back.Recommended by a former local and so glad we came! Shrimp and grits were out of this world- super friendly staff and great neighborhood vibe. Outdoor seating and dog friendly!Plenty of crab in the crab sandwich. Also got to see a large German Shepard in a sidecar of a motorcycle drive by. So that was cool.Hot damn my girlfriend loved her birthday cake -- a 9" White Wedding Cake with Almond Buttercream Frosting and fresh strawberry filling.  The cake was tastefully decorated with a few flowers and the edge was frosted in such a way to create a few lines.  Nice touch.  They got the birthday message right.
I would have given New Orleans Cafe Cafe a 5-star review, but I think the cake prices are expensive.  I paid close to $50 for the cake.I absolutely adored this place! Got the recommendation from a friend before visiting for the weekend from NYC, and it was such a little gem. I got the grits with goat cheese, roasted veggies and two eggs. It tasted fresh and delicious and a nice change of pace from the heavy meals. I also loved that they had soy milk for my coffee! Walk out of your way and out of the quarter for this place.Yummmm!!  I used to frequent the Cake Cafe when I was living in a van down by the river. Now that my van dwelling days are over, I don't make it down to the Marigny as often. Anyways, my friend and I stopped in here on a Saturday afternoon after a delicious yoga class. She had the daily special which was a Beef Stew, and I had the Crab and Brie Omelette. First, I just have to rave about the biscuits...they are SO GOOD. i love biscuits, especially these ones. My omelette was a generous portion size and the crab tasted really good and fresh. My friend enjoyed her stew, which had a lot of beef in it and was served with a side of rye bread. 
It was kind of a chilly day, otherwise we would have taken advantage of the outdoor seating. The staff were all friendly and helpful.
The reason for 4 stars instead of 5-- bathroom was in need of serious help...also the silverware they had looked kind of questionable. It might be time to replace some of it. The interior of the restaurant is no frills, very basic... could perhaps use a little facelift. Also- they don't serve booze unfortunately. A bloody would have been a great addition to my meal..
I've never had a bad meal here, I highly recommend it for some delicious breakfast/brunch action!!Tasty and refreshing teas, amazing muffin, nice environment, unpretentious! Super cozy!I loved the biscuits!!! I ate an omelette with ham and it was made perfect. This restaurant is so cozy and they make you feel at home. My husband and I managed to squeeze in a cupcake each. I had the wedding cake and he had lemon. They were both very good. The omelette was big, so I wish we would have shared the omelette. I would definitely come back the next time we visit New Orleans.Meh.
I know this is blasphemy, but I just wasn't that impressed.  
Maybe it's because I don't really like sweets.  I didn't buy any cupcakes or anything.  I just got a breakfast sandwich.  And it was...sandwichy.  And, oddly, bland?  I guess I never expected a sandwich of egg, bacon, and cheese on wheat toast to be bland, but now that I think about it, there's nothing especially exciting about a breakfast sandwich.  Maybe it's the breakfast sandwich's fault, not Cake Cafe's.  Maybe breakfast sandwiches are inherently bland.  
I covered it in Crystal hot sauce but it was still bland.  What gives?  I dunno, I kind of expect more when I'm leaving the house to eat something I could easily make at home if I weren't so lazy.
The place is adorable though, and the staff is always charming.  I'm not sure if there was anything on the menu that really looked that exciting...but you have to take into consideration that I immediately reject any meat dish besides bacon.  I make exceptions for bacon when I'm out.  And seafood.  Anyway, so most menus are drastically reduced for me. 
I like Cake Cafe.  I just am not all that excited about the breakfast options.  The price was right, though.  And it was still a nice experience because I went with a friend and we sat outside, and you really can't beat the feel of that place on a pretty day.I love that it's out of the super-touristy area and clearly loved by the locals--one of whom told me the iced coffee was really good, and she's so right.
We came over there after hearing about the mushroom gravy, but it wasn't ready when we arrived! I'm so glad! Because I might have missed the lox omelet, which was AMAZEBALLS. I don't even know what made it so awesome, but it was beyond anything I expected in tasting so good.
Both servers we encountered were great. I had my iced coffee noted for future payment (most of the ordering is order/pay at the counter; then find a seat) while I waited for my friends, and later, well, let me just tell you--they got the mushroom gravy ready while we were there! And so then we got to try that, too! And do you know how awesome it felt to have them find us and offer it!? And we all loved it! And again, they trusted us to come in and pay for it later, which we did.
Also, even though I'm normally a low carb sort of person, I'm glad I wasn't. Not only were the cupcakes $1 with a meal (including breakfast), they were AMAZING. Like homemade. I have tried tons of different "cupcake shop" cupcakes, and they always disappoint me. IF they get the frosting right, the cake is dry. The cake is always dry. Or flavorless. But this was like it was made in a home kitchen. SO flavorful. Great frosting! None of that whipped cream disguised as frosting shit. SO GOOD.
The only thing I wasn't a big fan of was the biscuits, but one of my co-diners disagreed. It's true that they're big with a robust crispy crust on the outside and soft on the inside. It just was maybe too hearty for me. In any case, I still give that place five stars. I mean... it deserves them all. Maybe more.
It is New Orleans, though. Wear mosquito repellant (I regret not wearing it.) if you wanna sit outside.I absolutely adore this place! Delicious? Check. Great service?? Check. We don't eat there very often but the kind folks behind the counter treat us like regulars. AND, the ice tea has a picture of...Ice T on it!! Haha!! Never fails to crack me up. I recommend the shrimp and grits. The catfish is also deliciousVisited the NOLA area and saw this rating.  Went on  Saturday morning, and it was everything everyone said.  Great food, great atmosphere, wonderful people.  Our table had the pecan french toast (fabulous), goat cheese & spinach omelet (fluffy and filling), ham and cheese croissant (flaky), the meat and egg bagel (perfect).  Oh and the wedding cake cupcake was perfect. I can't complain about anything!! It reminds me of the eclectic Virginia-Highlands neighborhood in Atlanta. I absolutely will be going again when in NOLA.I love everything about this cafe, its unassuming location, the pleasant, helpful staff, and the trove of deliciousness. 
I had the breakfast panini which was probably the best breakfast sandwich I have ever had. The in house made bread was so fresh, the bacon nice and thick and the tomato perfectly roasted. And a cup of coffee was included in the price. Win. Win.
I also scored one of their apple & goat cheese king cakes which turned out to be the perfect balance of sweet and savory.
I will most definitely be back!This was the best breakfast i've had in New Orleans. The grits and eggs were perfect and I love the $1 cupcakes! Their ice coffee was really good also!The cupcakes are awesome!!! The waiters and waitresses were very helpful. The eggs and boudin were to die for. I like how they have the option to sit inside or outside and a waiter or waitress puts your name on a table. They have truly the BIGGEST BISCUITS EVER!!!!Hands-down amazing vibe and eats. Do not miss the fried potato salad or the mushroom gravy, as many have already attested. Friendliest service, our best meal in NOLA so far!Their boudin is to die for!!! Eggs and grits were on point too. Loved the Chickory coffee. You order up front and they bring your food to you. Good customer service and chill atmosphere. Good place to talk, work on your laptop, or people watch.I am a shrimp and grits newbie -- I'm from Canada -- but that was sooooooooo good. Friendly staff, great vibe, and ass-kicking lattes. It's a great place to hang during the morning and it's off the beaten path. This is a great place!This is one of my favorite breakfast spots in Nola and I make sure to come here whenever I visit the city. It's tucked away and has never had a long wait when I go. I brought my family here this time and they loved it. Everything is homemade, and the pastries are the best in the city! The almond croissant is amazing, and the breakfast sandwich in croissant is the best My dad had ever had - not overdone, and the croissant makes it. The crab omelette is fresh and has lots of spinach, which is wilted instead of sautéed so you can still taste it. We always get pastries to go and this time was no exception. We brought my aunt a few cupcakes from here for her birthday and she was so impressed that she came for lunch here as soon as possible after that.This place is consistently quality. Amazing, fresh bagels, extreme croissants, delicious shrimp 'n' grits and pastries. You will be hard-pressed to get something below par here. My only complaints: no cold-brewed iced coffee which I drink 9 months out of the year, and their biscuits and gravy leaves something to be desired. The gravy, specifically. Overall, a very tasty neighborhood establishment with an eccentric, friendly staff. :)  Don't be surprised if Maître 'D, their unofficial overseer who is also a black cat, joins you at your table.
I wish I could give the Cake Cafe 4.5 stars because they are close to perfection.We came here on a daily basis during our most recent stay in NOLA. It was right up the street from where we were staying, and once we came here once, we couldn't forget about it! Every morning, I had the apple tart with spinach  - SO GOOD! The coffee was of course excellent as well. We sat outside day after day and people watched around the Marigny. Free coffee refills - what more can I say?!We had a great breakfast. The biscuits were light and fluffy. The grits creamy. The boudin was the perfect counter balance, crispy and salty. My husband had the catfish. Even fried it was light, not over battered and well seasoned. They cooked my daughter's eggs exactly the way she liked them. Our only challenge is do we try somewhere new tomorrow or do we go back?Amazing breakfast, but make sure to get here early unless you want to wait.   We went around nine on a Saturday, and while it was full, we had no problem getting a seat.   Like a lot of other places, you order at the counter.   
Order the fried potato salad, and don't miss the biscuits, they're easily the largest I've seen, and fresh out of the oven!I never know whether to eat cupcakes or breakfast when I'm here, but I guess that's a great problem to have. (Disclaimer: I sometimes eat both.)
This is one of my favorite breakfast spots in New Orleans, given its off-the-grid location and super-casual ambiance. I'm a big fan of the omelets, which are loaded with pretty much anything you can think of, as well as the oversized biscuits. The cheese grits come with quite a bit of cheese, but serve as a perfect side dish on a cold morning. Though prices are a bit on the high side for breakfast, there's nothing better than snagging an outside table and enjoying a big breakfast under the sun.
As far as baked goods go, please try all of the cupcakes offered. The cinnamon rolls are equally delicious.It's a bakery! It's a cafe!  If you're lucky enough to get a table, it's game on. Cozy, casual setting. Warm southern service. And everything we tried - from the plainest bowl of oatmeal to biscuits and gravy - was delivered with care and attention.Wonderful breakfast.  I had the everything bagel with egg, cheese and bacon. My aunt ordered the French toast with orange pecan maple syrup. It was fabulous. We think we are going to eat breakfast there one more time before leaving New Orleans. They had the BEST cafe au lait ever found with the perfect foam. If your not hungry, it is worth going just for the coffee. Free parking on the street in nice historic neighborhood.Seriously the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had....I bet I could've eaten two more. Incredible coffee and service. The staff were fantastically sweet.Thanks again, yelpers! The food here is awesome. It's a tiny little place located in the Marigny, just a short walk off Frenchmen St. When you walk in, you head straight to the counter, order your food and drink, then they find a table for you and bring your food out when it's ready. My friend and I ate there on a Saturday mid-morning, around 11. I ordered lunch: Grilled Cheese (comes with cheddar, swiss, tomato and I added goat cheese), a side of the fried potato salad and a side of the organic yellow grits and added goat cheese. The grilled cheese was fantastic, and the goat cheese added just a little something extra. You have to get the side of fried potato salad! I had no idea what to expect. I don't normally eat mustard, so I typically avoid potato salad, but this was recommended on yelp, so I gave it a short. It's smashed potatoes, with chopped green peppers (they must've been sautéed because they were tender with a ton of flavor), a bit of mustard, all rolled into a ball and fried. So good! I also got the side of grits because I'd never tried grits and my goal was to have a little bit of all the local food while in town. They were delicious, had a good bit of flavor and the goat cheese added that oomph. (I have a thing for goat cheese). My friend ordered the crab omelette and she commented on how it was just stuffed with crab and the crab tasted incredibly fresh, not canned. If I have one non-complaint complaint, it's that when we walked in, no one really told us what to do. It's kind of like you have to be a local/insider in order to receive friendly service. When we sat down at a table, before ordering our food, it threw them off and they couldn't seem to get past it. Oh well, food was good and now you know to go to the counter first. Don't even look at a table before ordering.So we have been all over New Orleans for food, had great meals... but this was over the top. Shrimp in this area is sweet and plump, which means you must have the shrimp and grits. Whatever you do, get the biscuits and her home made jam. I had to give the busser (owner) a hug. Her biscuits were better than my mother's! Don't pass this up on your next breakfast crave!Food is excellent. Sit outside and enjoy the beautiful neighborhood. Friendly but counter service.This place is good!  It was PACKED when we went for lunch so others apparently enjoy it a lot as well.  I had the shrimp & grits and it was tasty, but it *was* a wee bit more salty than I would have preferred.  That's OK though--it still was a quality entree and what's a little high blood pressure anyway?  The biscuit was great and even greater when I put some homemade-looking mixed berry jam on it.  I washed it down with some cucumber lemonade which was sweet and refreshing.  The spouse ordered corned beef hash with some super fluffy scrambled eggs and it, too, was delish.  He had some fresh-squeezed O.J. with his meal.  I wish we'd had more room in our bellies to try out some of their beautiful pastries, but alas, we were stuffed.
So, the verdict is we really liked Cake.  The ambiance was nice as the walls were lined with colorful local pieces of art.  It is a small building though and you are not guaranteed much elbow room, so keep this in mind if you don't like crowded eating spaces and also maybe don't go at noon on a Saturday. You SHOULD go and eat here sometime though because it's yummy.Really good local place with a easy to understand menu and awesome choices. I got the corned beef hash and it was on point. I am coming back here again!When a place is packed even on a stormy day that means you have something special waiting for you. My friend swears by their cupcakes. I got the lox and eggs that came with a tall biscuit.  My meal was so flavorful. The salty lox, onions, and tangyness from the tomatoes and capers.  But by the time I was done, I was unfortunately too full to have a cupcake. I really regret that I didn't get to try one.04 July 2016
Came here around 9am for breakfast. Girlfriend and I were pretty hungry (hadn't eaten much the night before). We locked out bicycles outside and walked in. The staff were super friendly in helping us get started on how to order, and gave us menus. We ended up ordering the Reuben sandwich (to share), a yogurt and a biscuit, a lemonade and ice coffee, and a 1$ cupcake. 
First things first, God that cupcake was amazing. We were planning on taking a picture of it beforehand but by the time we remembered we had already eaten it all.....
The Reuben. Words.... Cannot describe... But seriously, the best goddamn sandwich I've had in my life. Girlfriend and I give it 20/10. A very large amount of food for the price (we were both full after splitting it), and absolutely delicious. The meat is firm, but almost melts in your mouth. And the sauce and cabbage or whatever they have in their is so fricken good. We were pretty bummed out to hear they closed on Tuesdays, and were pretty close to getting another one to-go for lunch. 
The only "downside" I can see if that the drinks were a bit in the pricey side (2.50$ each for a lemonade and an ice coffee, which were both alright). However, the sandwich more than made up for that. 
10/10 would recommend to everyone. Especially the Reuben. God that was good 8lMy favorite Bywater/Marigny restaurant! No complaints at all. Maybe I'm just lucky but for as busy as this place gets I can always find a table and the food is pretty quick. Pastries are yummy. Staff is friendly. Coffee is pleantiful. Love their breakfast sammiches with the homemade everything bagel! And for lunch, half grilled cheese or chicken salad sammich with a cup of tomato soup is a big win. The tomato soup is so hearty and delicious, I like to make a pasta sauce with the leftovers.Great shrimp and grits.  Some of the shrimp I've had in NOLA taste like they still have some residue of the Deepwater Horizon.  Not these.  Sweet and delicious.  Nancy had the crab salad. Beautiful greens heaped with delectable  crab.  And the biscuits!  So flaky, so good.  And a cupcake to go for just a buck extra with any meal.The friendlies service, delicious breakfast, and super king personnel (even gave me some bread as I was trying to feed the birds). Love this place!We came on a Sunday and it was packed. Great service (though they did overly charged or tipped themselves by 10 cents, I didn't complain). Love how there was a lady that helped everyone's seating when you walked in. We had an item on the menu and an item on the specialty. Both were great! It was weird how we had to clean our own tables but not complaining! 
Parking is pretty bad early morning Sunday so just park far.Very cozy place away from the huzzle of the French Quarter. I had the Costa Rican Breakfast and it was fabulous (maybe except for the tiny bit of guacamole, but that's probably because I'm an avocado purist). Also had the cucumber lemonade and at first was afraid it had an unnatural green hue to it but the taste was fantastic. Perfect blend of business the flavors. Finally I had the butter pecan cupcake (only 1 buck with your entrée!). I'd come back here just to have that cupcake again and again.We've visited NOLA twice in the last six months. And breakfast has become my quest. Three places stand out so far. Cake is so far in third spot with some highlights: Great grits. I like the thicker consistency of the ones served here. Great pastries and cake. Tasty boudin.
Was a bit disappointed about coffee. Crab omelette was good with plenty of crab meat. Yet I feel it needs some good side of salsa or a drizzle of something for some added flavor. Orange Juice was good. Biscuit is the best I've had.
Overall, good service. However, it is rather pricey compared to other top places in NOLA. We'll likely return when not too hungry and with our fiber tuned knowledge of the menu highlights.
I also liked that it is not yet a tourist packed area. It is a place frequented by locals.If I were restricted to a one-word review the word would be "delightful".  There really isn't much more one can say about this place.
It is dog friendly & cat friendly but clean.
I ate here daily and everything was delicious ( if you read a good number of my reviews you will see that I am a very picky eater and borderline primadonna).
The service was amazing.
The pricing is reasonable.
The building is cute.
The customers are lovely people.
If I had to suggest an improvement the only thing I can think of would be longer hours.  They are open from 7am to 3pm.
I totally heart this place.Okay, this place is amazing. We went here for breakfast every morning we possibly could. The eggs were perfectly done to order, the biscuits are enormous, homemade and delicious, the homemade jam is scrumptious as well. I was really impressed with the organic yellow grits with goat cheese, and the last day we went I tried the Rueben sandwich. It was huge with thick slabs of delicious corned beef, a rich Russian dressing on a great rye, but the highlight for me was the homemade saurkraut. I paired it with a glass of mint green tea and enjoyed every moment of the meal. My mate swore by the Salmon and eggs plate. It was a good portion of thick salmon served on a bed of baby spinach with sliced tomatoes, 2 eggs, and a biscuit. He apparently loved it because he ordered it on several visits.It was a bit of a rough morning after the first night of a bachelor party I was down here for, so when a few of us rolled into this local cafe, I was mainly expecting to take down some food to help me fight through the hangover. It's got a very casual, local feel to the joint - you can pretty much sit where you want, whether it's at the assortment of tables inside or on the few that are out on the sidewalk corner. The breakfast menu is relatively standardized, though with a local flair to the items. I went with the scrambled eggs and citrus-poached salmon and was pleasantly surprised - it wasn't the freshest filet of salmon I've ever had, but the citrus flavor really tastes quite good, particularly in the morning paired with eggs. The scrambled eggs were also pretty well-executed - fluffy and slightly runny. I was also a fan of the $3 glass of OJ, which didn't look fresh-squeezed (at least since it came out of a carton), but it wasn't from concentrate, and nothing helps jump-start you like a good dose of Vitamin C.
The baked goods did look good, but I was in no mood to contemplate eating sweets in the shape I was in. However, this is a solid breakfast spot that has good prices and serves up American breakfasts with a strong local influence. I'd stop by for a casual breakfast again if I was in the area.I found this little gem the last time I went to New Orleans and if it is possible it was better than I remembered. The only draw back is that it is tough to get a table but worth the inconvenience.I'm a huge breakfast person and this was my favorite meal while in New Orleans! This was definitely worth the hike from my hotel and super casual and just what I was looking for . I got the biscuits and gravy and they were amazing. I went on the early side because I heard it can get crowded. I also added the cupcake to my meal for only $1 and it was an awesome late night snack. I got the lemon cupcake. I highly recommend this local favorite.Really great little spot. Line is often out the door but it moves along. Someone will get your table for you while you wait so everything goes quite smoothly. You can always skip the line and grab a pastry and a self serve coffee too!
Food is excellent! They have a wide range of dishes from your breakfast basics, to full sized meals and sandwiches, back to a lovely array of pastries. The dishes are creative and fairly priced. Portions are just right. Everything cooked very well.
The atmosphere is charming as you would expect from a cafe in the Marigny!Always great, Great Food, Great People, Great service. A real pleasure always. Best Shrimp and Grits, Amazing Cupcakes, And they make the best Jelly Donuts on Saturdays!My new favorite spot. Super casual and everyone is chill. I could live on thier  breakfasts. Also hear I can bring my dog next time.Try the Corner Beef Hash special. Not done the traditional way. Big chunks of lean Corned Beef. Hint of horseradish, delicious.This restaurant is a must try when in New Orleans. Home made biscuits & cupcakes are fantastic! Food has flavors and tastes of New Orleans, just like we wanted. Enjoyed it all.Delicious cozy spot with super friendly staff. The crab sandwich is life changing! Lots of sweet lump crab meat with crisp bacon and spinach. The chili is very tasty with ane extra special kick. The specials are always tasty as are the omelettes. The coffee is great and the mint idea tea is yummy. Reasonably peiced and definitely worth the wait!LOVE THIS PLACE. Except during peak hours... I hate waiting in line with asshats from out of town that don't understand that just because you're inside standing next to them to avoid standing in the blazing sun that you're not trying to cut them in line. But that's not a problem with the place, just society as a whole. Before I started the Paleo diet this place was mid morning heaven for me, because you can add a cupcake to any meal for one freaking dollar. ONE. Their other pastries are pretty fab, too, and oh my word, I loved the breakfast sandwich deal with all of my being while I was eating each one... Fresh bagel with off the bone ham, scrambled egg, and goat cheese with a cup of coffee...and a cupcake... amaazing! Now that I'm on the Paleo thing, I can still get everything within the parameters of my diet here, but someone else will have to eat the cupcakes for me. Boooo.I visited this awesome Brunch Spot for the first time on yesterday 6/10/2018. Let's just say it won't be my last. I had the Breakfast sandwich with sausage egg and Cheese, I never knew you could fit an entire omlete on to a delicious homemade biscuit! Everything was so fresh and the staff was so welcoming and friendly. Even the coffee was excellent, I am not a huge coffee drinker at all but whatever kind they serve they don't ever need to switch! I cannot wait to visit again and bring friends as well!I called this place to order a cake 48 hours before I needed it. Was told the baker was out but he would call me early the next morning. No call, so I called him. He seemed pretty put out that I needed the cake in 28 hours and was sure to tell me about his 48 hour rule which I tried to honor when I called the day before.
But whatever. 
None of that matters. Sure, baker Steve may have rubbed me the wrong way...but LAWD can he make a cake. 
It was a lime cake with coconut frosting and the most beautiful decoration. The thing was shimmering. Really. It was moist and perfect and I shed a few tears just looking at it. 
I highly recommend this place.Extremely good baked goods from here. I had a Boston creme one morning and it was outstanding (the cream was silky smooth and tinted with vanilla, the pastry was second to none). We also came back and had bacon egg and cheese on croissants and also very yummy and light. Also grabbed a few cupcakes that are frosted with buttercream icing. Everything we ordered here was elite, no joke.WOW!  It's so nice to get out of the French Quarter and find such great places like New Orleans Cake Café & Bakery!  Delicious food & fantastic staff. Can't wait to come back to NOLA just to have brunch here!Best breakfast ever. I don't even remember having breakfast before, that's how good it was. Specifically, the shrimp & grits. Don't know how it could possibly get more satisfying than that plate I just finished.Ordered my king cake from Cake Cafe. I got the apple and goat cheese cake...obviously. It was beyond AMAZING!!!Cute little breakfast spot. $6.50 for a sizable breakfast sando + coffee. Preferred the sausage to the ham. Came twice on the weekend and it was real busy both times.Stopped here while visiting New Orleans and instantly became one of my all time favorite breakfast places! It's delicious! I got the shrimp and grits, creamy with just the perfect amount of spice. My boyfriend got the breakfast sandwich, which he devoured in minutes. We also got a side of lox which was also a very pleasant surprise. It was thick slices that tasted so fresh and had a beautiful red color to it. We liked it so much we came back the next morning for more! Highly recommend!After trying their apple and goat cheese king cake I will definitely be back to try more things. I usually do not like filled king cakes, but this was awesome!I stopped here on a lurch.  And way so blown away, I came back the second day. The fried potato salad is awesome. so is the boudin. The pastries I have were very flavorful, and the raspberry tea was very good. Can't wait to come back here again .Yum! A friend told me to come here on my trip to New Orleans. It's a little out of the way, but the food is great. Nice neighborhood joint with quality food and non-tourist prices - always a plus! I was here early, so I was good and didn't get a cupcake for breakfast (I'm a tourist, I want a beignet later and there is only so much sugar I can validate eating in a day!), but they looked amazing. There was a chocolate one that took all my will power to walk away from!Okay place, very weak coffee, mediocre bagels.  Friendly service.The person behind the counter was rude and wasn't very helpful and the deserts weren't anything to write home aboutFor a neighborhood brunch place, this place is AMAZING!
Everything we had there was delicious: omelets, pastries, cupcakes, sandwiches, you name it. The waitstaff was uniformly efficient, thoughtful, and charming. The fried oysters with grits were especially good.
Extra bonus points for having biscuits and vegetarian (mushroom) gravy on the menu! As someone raised on homemade biscuits and gravy, but who no longer eats pork or beef, this was a special and much-appreciated treat.Love this place for breakfast. We go every couple of weeks. Friendly service and delicious food. My husband loves the breakfast with oysters. Good variety of entrees.Fabulous little corner cafe away from all the hustle of the tourism. The staff are super friendly and it feels like you're chilling out with family and friends. They offer indoor and outdoor seating. 
We had the fried potato salad which was amazing! Only in the south can you find a fried version of all your fav foods! I had the shrimp and grits with two eggs over easy and chased it with a red velvet cupcake. My sweetie had the healthy grits with a biscuit. Everything was delish! They let us fill up with ice water to go since it was sweltering. Can't wait to go back!This is one my favorites. This restaurant is vegan/vegetarian friendly. A lot of options.
Fried Potatoes Salad is a MUST HAVE!!!Love this place for brunch! Shared food with 2 other people and everything was excellent. Quality food and great presentation.
Shrimp and grits: mmm, the best dish we got. Enough spices from the shrimp to cut through the heavy taste and feeling of the grits.
Catfish: crispy and fresh. Flavors were simple.
Shrimp remoulade salad: fresh and tasty. Like that the remoulade was on the side.
Boudin: first time having it, and we surprisingly liked it. Sorry for making assumptions about it being like hot dogs. Try if you never had.
Biscuits and gravy: amazing, amazing, amazing! Best we've had anywhere.
Overall: you probably can't go wrong with anything here. I would go here for breakfast all the time if I lived close by. I highly recommend this place.Went here the last time we were in Nola and loved it. We went this trip and were a little dissatisfied with the service. The women were nice for the most part, but when my order was screwed up, the woman helping us was not very pleasant about it. She seemed nice the last time we went, so we can chalk it up to having a bad day, I guess. I love their chocolate croissants with almonds on them and their bagels and omelets are delicious.A-amazing food. A-amazing service. Prices are little high but it's totally worth it. They have very good breakfast and lunch options. I personally love their carb omelette and salmon omelette. Must try places in New Orleans.So we are back again this year and decided to come by again. This time hubby and I took advantage of the fresh pastries along with breakfast. His butter pecan muffin was yummy and so was my pastry that had fresh apples and brie. Breakfast was hot and fresh. I couldn't resist the shrimp and grits again while he opted for the crawfish and andouille omelette.This was our last stop during a 24 hour stay in New Orleans. Our hotel was in the French Quarter, but we made our way over here after checking out. I needed some lunch, and as a cake decorator and baker I wouldn't dare leave the city without trying some sweets. Yelp led me to this cafe and boy am I glad to live in the digital age! 
I missed the small sign pointing to the menus, so I chose from the specials written on the board. I decided to give the tofu sandwich a try. At first bite, I felt that the pesto was very overwhelming. I was a little disappointed in my choice. However, after a few bites the favors began to meld beautifully. The roasted tomatoes and pesto sang a song on my tongue. The tofu alone wasn't special, but everything together was a perfect pairing and very filling, all for just $7. My boyfriend opted to get two breakfast pastries, one with goat cheese and roasted red peppers and the other bacon and cheddar. Aside from fish, I do not eat meat, so I sampled the goat cheese and pepper pastry. The puff pastry is fluffy and buttery while the creamy goat cheese perfectly compliments the roasted peppers.
I also took two cupcakes to go, one red velvet and one lemon. The cupcakes are kept cool, so I would recommend taking them to go as the favors and texture will be best at room temperature. The lemon must have been injected or soaked with flavoring, as it was extra moist and flavorful in the center. The cake paired perfectly with the delicious frosting. Whoever said their cupcakes are made by angels was right; I was definitely in heaven while eating this. I ate the red velvet the following morning. It was  moist with a mild chocolate flavor. The frosting was perfectly sweet and not overpowering.
Next time I am in New Orleans, I will make sure to stop here again.This is a very hidden place but it is definitely worth going to. It has a very special ambience and atmosphere. Service was great. We were sitting outside and had a great time. We had the crab omelette and the crab sandwich and my favorite the fried potatoe salad as a snack. Loved it and would def recommend it.Heard about this place on yelp of course. We wanted to try places in Nola that were off the beaten path, away from FQ craziness (we aren't touristy people). We LOVED this place. We walked right in, stood in a rather short line to order, sat down and food was served SO very fresh. It was probably the best "Everything bagel breakfast sandwich" (w/ egg+sausage+cheese) I ever had. I know it's simple, but damn it was good. In fact, I tried the same thing at different places 3 more times on my trip and this one tops the cake. I can't wait to visit Nola again, and make a habit of stopping here and try all the other amazing breakfast/sandwich items. Loved the neighborhood too! I will say that the line definitely got longer as we sat there eating, so best to come before 11am. Most people come crawling out of their hangover states around then. Not us! We got there just in time!This place is fantastic. Being in the service industry, I tend to be hypercritical of breakfast, as a couple of eggs, grits and a dry biscuit is a purchase that usually leaves me feeling violated in regards to my pocket. However, every time we've been to cake cafe, I have left satisfied. And we won't even go into how delicious their King Cakes are.Made it to this place around 7:15 on a Friday morning. There were a few people and no wait. 
My sister had the crab sandwich...not sure what the hype is on this, but it really wasn't all that great. Had an off flavor and I think it may have been due to the spinach. 2/5 stars.
I had the biscuits and gravy. I am a biscuit gravy snob and NEVER like it at restaurants, I typically have to make it. I must say, I wasn't disappointed with this dish. Different style then how I make it, but it was very good and savory. Also, the biscuit was GOOD! 5/5
Had a delicious hummingbird cupcake! Yum!!
They have fresh squeezed juices, and good coffee. It was a little walk from the French quarter area as you pass Frenchmen street before you even get there.  I don't know if I would go out of my way again to come here...it's not bad, but neither is it OUT of this world...At one point it seemed like there was nowhere to go for an inexpensive, quick breakfast in New Orleans. Now there are so many I am actually having to make choices, and that is a good thing! My newest find is in the Marigny, just a couple of blocks over from Elysian Fields away from the Quarter. And I just have to rave about the breakfast sandwich deal, which is a slab of juicy ham and scrambled egg with sharp cheddar (or goat cheese for a $1 extra) oozing out of a big, fresh homemade bagel along with a bottomless cup of coffee for $5.50. McDonald's who?
The bagels are as close to New York as you are going to find down here, and you can get lox and shmears or cream cheese to go along with one if the b'fast sandwich is not your cuppa joe. I have heard the cupcakes are heaven, so I guess I have to swing by for lunch some time soon and grab one for $1 with any meal purchase!
Another plus is that the people who work here seem to really love their jobs and care about your experience. The coffee bar was well-stocked and clean, the service at the counter was efficient and friendly, and everything about the Cake Cafe made you want to move right into the neighborhood.We absolutely love coming here for breakfast. The stuffed bagels are just great.  Full of lots of meat and very flavorful!  I usually am so full from eating breakfast, I end up getting a yummy cupcake to have for later! I recommend this place to anyone reading this review!We are in town for a few months and popped into this place this morning for breakfast and had a great experience. Food was very good & service was friendly. We will definitely be back.Probably my favorite breakfast/brunch spot in Nola! I also really like the location, in a neighborhood, not too touristy and usually can find parking on the street no matter how busy it is. 
Food is amazing! As other reviews have stated, the catfish is great! I've gotten the omelet special of the day twice bc I know how they do their omelets. Stuff them full and don't skimp on any of the ingredients. I try to be a little healthier and get the toast but honestly it's so thick and delicious, it's probably not any better for you than the biscuit. GET THEIR HOMEMADE JELLY! It's freaking amazing! And no, they don't sell it. I've already asked. 
Service is great. There's a really nice lady that does a great job trying to find you a table while you wait in line at the register. 
Watch out for the pigeons if you sit outside. And get a pastry/cupcake for $1 when you buy an entree!Always delightful, the food is amazing and the staff is friendly. It's crowded, but you should expect a place this good to be that way. Love it!This place is amazing. It's one of the best coffee and pastry shops I've been to ever. I got their iced espresso which was out of this world; the coffee they use is top notch. Then the doughnuts- they speak for themselves. When you walk in you see fresh huge pastries that are unparalleled. Service was on par with the food. I'll be a regular.This is a great neighborhood spot. The food is good. Great eggs and omelettes. Good coffee, interesting juices. The people who work there are really nice. The cupcakes are awesome!  The biscuits are out of sight! An all around great place!Great place for breakfast. The quality of food is outstanding. Try the cucumber lemonade deliciously refreshing. 
This is an order at the counter and seat yourself kind of place, if looking for table service this is not it. 
Fresh and cheap what else is there?Loves me some Cake Cafe! Particularly breakfast. I've had a couple of lovely lunch items, but really I'm in it for bacon egg and cheese on a croissant or the lox/bagel plate. NOT an easy find in this town! For a native New Yorker a lox plate is essential on Sundays as The New York Times and I'm psyched there's a nice one around. No, these aren't NY bagels but they are really good anyway. For a NYer to praise and out-of-state bagel is a big deal, trust me.  The shrimp and grits are good, but as a Northern transplant I have not gotten used to the idea of shrimp for breakfast, or grits, for that matter. My tummy still expects  an egg-sandwich in the morning. As time goes on here, this may change. 
The BLT and chicken salad sandwiches are real winners, too. The biscuits & gravy, not so much. Just a little too non-traditional (the gravy, not the biscuits. The biscuits are DELICIOUS!)
The staff is super friendly and Cake is way too crowded for me to even think about on a weekend. I like it mid week when it's mellow. 
The sweets are all tops. PLEASE get bigger coffee cups!!!Wow!!! My 1st stop in and I decided on the cinnamon Bun. Let me start by saying OMG. Lol no seriously y'all  I've never literally said "OMG" so many times while eating a pastry before.
I was told the baker/chef is Steve and let me tell you, Steve nailed it! I was leary that although it was fresh, the cinnamon bun wasn't piping hot (old days at the mall waiting on Cinnabun straight out the oven lol) but, trust me that faded at 1st bite! Speaking of bite, you barely have to chew it just starts dissolving in your mouth. Now if you're like me and do things like cinnamon buns on occasion because they can be overly sweet you must try this, you must! Easy on the icing, no sugar overload, and no lack of flavor!
I can't go without shouting out Becky who helped me out today. She was just amazing, a breath of fresh air. Great service is not so easy to find. So I will definitely be back sooner than later. I was told the biscuit with their  homemade jam is a must have and I love a great biscuit! Oh and y'all I promise this is my honest opinion! Lollll I was just seriously impressed and my tummy is happy!!!Food here is hella good, plainly put.
I know this part of town is flooded with amazing places to eat, as is the case with most of our city. It's nearly impossible to get to try everything nola has to offer considering spots seemingly closing and opening weekly.
Found my way here during a solo mission to the Marigny. For some strange reason, as of late, i've been waking up before Jesus and the Athiests, so my need for breakfast has been a growing one. Also being that breakfast is easily my favorite meal and I could eat it all day, I'm picky about my precious!
I browsed over the menu, but decided on one of the daily specials. It was crawfish andouille and eggs, a biscuit, iced coffee and a strawberry lemonade which was probably way too much of a sugar rush for that early in my day but it was much needed, and satisfying. Place your order at the counter, give your name, and your food will be brought out to you. Note, they do not take orders at tables, you must go to the counter to place an order.
I sat outside, it was a really nice day, and i always appreciate a place where you can enjoy the outdoors. Tables are wobbly but thats because it's nola and we live over a  swamp, i don't think leveled grounds exist here, or last very long.
Anyway, everything was really good, the eggs were cooked perfectly (over-medium), the peppers, onions and crawfish went so well together, definitely a heartier breakfast but not overbearing, no heartburn or anything like that. Everything came on a bed of grits which were the right consistency. Needed no salt or pepper, everything on the plate was made just right to taste.
I'll certainly venture from Mid City to here for a quality breakfast, well worth any wait and price!Great food and it was a lovely neighborhood. The biscuits were the best for their egg sandwich. Very friendly staff.Nestled in a small neighborhood just outside of the Quarter is the best kept secret of New Orleans! The food is wonderful (and inexpensive) and their baked goods are amazing (also inexpensive). It's small and quaint - packed with locals. A must to add to your "to-do" list if you're visiting. And if you're a local and you never been, it's definitely worth it to swing by.AMAZING!!!! It's a little awkward at first because you order at the register and you have to grab a menu ahead of time. I got the breakfast panini with a side of the fried potato salad and everything was wonderful. 
Get there early as seating is limited. Look at a menu online so you know what you want when you get there.Best breakfast/lunch place in the Marigny! Very good good, great outdoor seating. I ate there frequently during my stay.Great find in NoLa- small, affordable, fantastic food and good service. Try out the crab omelet!Very very cute place. Friend and I walked in right as the place was opening. A display of treats including cupcakes and other baked goods greeted us at the counter. Assorted local art adorns the walls, and the kitchen is available to peek into. 
At this cafe, you order at the counter and then take a seat. I went with the cafe au lait since I was in Nawlins, and the crab sandwich. Total price was about $14, so not bad for brunch. 
We took a seat and I was promised that my coffee would arrive shortly. Sadly, that was a lie. The place started getting busy, and my drink was forgotten.  another table that arrived after us was even served before, hence my 4 star rating. 
The food was scrumptious. Fresh crab, bacon, Brie, and challah bread made a unique sandwich combination.  It's also served with tortilla chips. When I reviewed my coffee, I was given an insincere apology, but it was also very tasty. 
The food is very rich, so be careful if you decide to walk around a lot afterwards like we did. I ended up a little sick, it also could have been the previous 12 hours in a car...This is a breakfast, brunch, lunch cafe; the name of the cafe is misleading.  Order at the counter and the food is brought to you.  The roasted veggie omelet was the best and the daily special, pulled pork with runny eggs, was good but not as good as the veggie omelet. Definitely eat it!This place had hands down the best breakfast I had during our five-day trip to N.O. and maybe the best meal of any.  We arrived between 9:30-10:00 on a Sunday morning the day that the time changed in March.  We were lucky and there were a few tables in the middle when we ordered.  Shortly after we sat down, the place filled up and there were no tables available.  I had the eggs with boudin sausage, yellow grits and a biscuit.  It was excellent.  My sons had the salmon with eggs and the meat omelet and both commented that they were outstanding.  This place also had without a doubt the best coffee I had during our trip-and I visited some very good coffee houses during our stay.  I don't know why we were so lucky to get there and find a table-maybe the time change had thrown some people off.  So, go here if you want a great breakfast but you may want to go at an off hour to be assured of getting a table.In town for Essence Festival and everywhere was a long wait...but I found this gem tucked away on a street corner.  The hospitality is charming and the food delicious. The cupcakes were amazing.  I ate the biscuits in gravy..my tastebuds were enamoured.  I highly recommend this cafe. The wait was way less of a hassleBest breakfast we had this trip. My veg omelet was amazing and there are no words to describe the fried potato salad. Will definitely be back.I ate here about 4 years ago. I don't remember much besides having one of the best tasting lemon cupcakes I've  ever had. When a cupcake stands out I have to mention it. It was moist and zesty. The frosting was perfect. Not too sweet or thick. Mmmm. 
I remember we walked here from the French Market and it was a bit of a walk but doable. We had breakfast but the cupcake stole the show for me. 
Its a very small but cute cafe.Very pleased, first place we stopped to grab a bite to eat arriving from San Antonio. Had the shrimp and grits and it was awesome!  The cupcakes were divine too, especially for a buck!  Service was nice and friendly and one of the staff gave us a good recommendation on a place to go catch an early drink.  I would hit this spot up all the time if I lived there.I took my family of five looking for a great local taste of New Orleans for breakfast. I couldn't have been any happier than I was finding this wonderful restaurant. The service was the best I have had so far during my stay in the Cresent City. The Chickory coffee hit the spot and my whole family loves the delicious omelettes (crab was the favorite). We took a King Cake to go and absolutely loved it as well. Perfect way to start your day in the big easy!Looking for a breakfast place on a Saturday morning?? This is definitely the place to be. Don't be discouraged if you get here and see a lot of people standing around outside. They do a great job of getting patrons in and out in a timely manner! You wait in line to order your food and as you're doing so, there's a lady who will ask how many in your party and will work on getting you a table to go to after you place your order. I've had the catfish and eggs twice and for $10, you really can't ask for much more. It comes with delicious stone ground grits (perfect texture) and a big, fluffy biscuit. And if that's not enough, the jelly itself will make your day!! It seems like they're pretty stingy about it so be sure to ask for some if you get toast or a biscuit. The batter on the catfish is nice and light and everything comes out super fresh! If you haven't been here yet, definitely add this to your bucket list! Oh, and the cupcakes are delish and only $1 with your meal!I really like Cake Cafe. I would actually give it 4 1/2 stars if it were a option. I really love that I can get fresh, light and tasty fair in the area, and love that they have decent vegetarian options. I am not a vegetarian per se, but i tend to eat vegetarian 70% of the time. I really enjoyed the shrimp and grits. Their whole grain bread was DELICIOUS and their biscuits are huge!! 
Nice job, Cake Cafe. You have a new regular patron!The BF found New Orleans Cake Cafe & Bakery through yelp during our time in nola last weekend. I almost never let him pick the restaurants we go to lol but I'm glad I listened to him on this one! This restaurant was walking distance from our hotel and as soon as we got there, I felt like we landed on a local's spot. 
It's the kind of spot where you order at the counter then find a seat. We scored a table outside and it couldn't have been more perfect because the sun was out too! Better yet, there was no wait! The food came out shortly after and everything was really tasty! We shared the Corned Beef Hash, Roasted Veggie Omelette, w/ a side of grits and fried potato salad! We said no toast/bread/baked goodies which was a shame because we were in a bakery after all!!! Biggest regret ever.. all of it looked deadly!Amazing little cafe! The biscuits and gravy were to die for!! The service was amazing and the food came out before I could add sugar to my tea!! Add a cupcake to your meal! It's worth it :)One of my favourite breakfast spots in NOLA, and I've been around the block and back for breakfast. I've tried the Boudin & Eggs, the Costa Rican breakfast, Crab Omelet, Shrimp & Grits and a few other dishes. I've been here a lot! 
There are much better spots for shrimp and grits (like Surrey's) but all the other meals have been delish. Cupcakes are moist and tasty and only $1 with purchase of a meal. Coffee is self serve and free refills. This place can get busy so expect a wait on weekends. Order at the counter and then go find a seat and you meal will be brought out to you. Service is fast and friendly. Cash only.I just went to this place today and it was great! The staff was amazingly friendly and the iced coffee and "everything" bagel and cream cheese I had were very good. They make their own bagels.
I shared a beautiful and huge pastery that another member of my party got. I forget what it was called but it was danishy and had chocolate chunks as well as fruit filling. I need to go here again so I can try some of the meals.  I think I saw crabmeat quiche on the menu...We gathered brunch recommendations from our friends for our Mardi Gras trip, and New Orleans Cafe Cafe got the most votes so we knew we had to try it! Placing orders was easy at the counter, seat yourself kind of deal with indoor and outdoor seating!
You have the option to purchase a cupcake for $1 after every order, definitely take advantage of it! I wasn't sure what I wanted but I saw the special written on a small blackboard next to the register called The World is Your Oyster (fried oyster on corn grits, 2 eggs made to order with a biscuit). The fried oyster was delicious!!!!! Corn grits was a bit bland, but overall I still enjoyed my experience dining here.