I was hesitant at first about taking the cooking class, but thank goodness I did. Came here last summer with my boyfriend and we did a cooking class with Chief Belton. Honestly chief Belton will be reason why I would go back and take some more cooking classes. He is funny, talented and just great! Chief Belton knew how to make everyone feel comfortable and just overall make the experience enjoyable. And OMG the food was delicious!!! We learned how to make crawfish etouffee and it was creamy and it's was so flavorful and tasty. I personally am not a fan of seafood and was shocked at how much I loved the dish. And because of it crawfish is now one of my favorite food. The praline was savory and just melts in your mouth. Ugh what I would do to just go back!! I highly recommend everyone to come here and take a cooking class, regardless of your age because no matter who you are, you'll fit right in! And if I ever find myself in NOLA (which I know I will) I definitely will be back for another class.Team building in NOLA - yes! Work crew all ended up here for our team building activity and this was way more entertaining than activities of the past. Big Kevin is personality plus and was very entertaining and informative. As we ate some awesome food and drank beer and wine, he filled us in on local history (which being from Louisiana I should know and totally didn't). That was probably my favorite part, eating and listening. But it didn't end there. We did a cooking thing where we split into groups and took a bucket of ingredients and had to make something. Seeing as I can't make toast, that wasn't going to end well but it was still fun. They ended up judging the dishes and picking a winner, giving advice along the way. Did we learn much about cooking? Nah. But we had a really good time, laughed a lot and that's really what it is all about. Would highly recommend checking this place out. Nice, clean facility, beautiful building and great opportunity to do something a little different!I have never been to a class, but I give them 5 stars because they have the best pralines!  When you enter the business you enter their general store and in the corner they make their pralines.  I love them because they're usually made fresh and warm, I love them because they're small and I feel less guilty about eating so many, I love them because they use the freshest ingredients.  I miss New Orleans!This was easily one of the highlights of my trip. Not only was the food amazing but Miss Sandra was an excellent hostess and cook. You have to check this out. Hands down one of the absolute best activities in all of New Orleans!This school is so fantastic! Loved that I was able to sit down enjoy beer wine and ice tea while watching the instructor demonstrate how to cook shrimp creole rice, jambalaya, bread pudding and praline. The instructor made it very entertaining and eat to follow instructions abs best of all was being able to eat it all. I defiantly recommend it to anyone that visits New Orleans.Michael did an amazing job of teaching history, culture and cuisine.  Best day of our trip.  Can't wait to return for other classes.because i'm the nicest daughter in the world, i took hulamom to louisiana (her favorite state (next to the land of hula, of course)) for her 50th birthday.  we spent a lot of time in new orleans and the best two days we spent together were in big kevin's class at the new orleans school of cooking.  he was awesome:  hilarious, clearly talented behind the stove, unafraid of spice and holy mother of god can he cook.  it's been a few years since we went and all of his recipes are still in heavy rotation in both our homes.
absolutely not to be missed:  
the pralines will make you want to cry so buy as many boxes as you can cram into your suitcase
go ahead and buy the biggest vat of joe's stuff you can find cuz that shit is indispensableSpent our birthday. Lovely lady. She's got so many tips and I can't wait to taste it all. Love the biscuit with the maple sugar and sweet treats.Pat was our teacher.  She was awesome.  Have been to Nola many times, but this was our first cooking demonstration, and it was totally worth it.  Would love to do it again.  Demonstration was extremely informative, not only on food but history.  We were given more than enough to eat and drink.  Everything was fantastic, and so much fun.  Left totally inspired to go home and cook.Just an awesome experience!  Pat, our fearless class leader, was knowledgable and articulate - very engaging.  Recipes - easy to follow.  Food - delicious.  Best food we've had so far in New Orleans, because it was made and served fresh - unlike several restaurants we've been disappointed by thus far.  Yum to the Gumbo, Jambalaya, and Praline!This was one of the most memorable highlights of our recent NOLA vacation. My son and I, chefs, loved it in its entirety. Our host chef, Mrs. Pat, brought Creole cooking and New Orleans food history and culture into the real-time cooking classroom, her manner of teaching and her passion for the topic obvious. I cannot write sufficiently enough to get across the point that every part of this cooking lesson and cultural food history of New Orleans was simply out of this world. There's a gift shop out front, jillions of beautiful souvenirs, tasty goodies and gifts, and this event would have been a bargain at ten times the price. Pat demos pralines, shrimp Creole, Bananas Foster, and other recipes, you're getting a tasting course brunch, history lessons, cooking lessons, and much more, all for one ridiculously low price. Go! You'll love it.Even though the food was good, Chef Kevin is what made this an A+++ experience. He was super entertaining as well as a good teacher of the art of Cajun cooking. This is a great (indoor) option at an attractive price point. I'm looking forward testing the praline recipe, as well as tweaking my own bread pudding recipe at his suggestion. What a great way to spend a morning in New Orleans!A fabulous experience! Chef Mark is a great teacher...we took the Hands On course and he was able to provide individual guidance and support as needed, with a relaxed, engaging attitude. When our roux burned (the first step in "building" Gumbo), he casually started us over and put us back on track...each dish was prepared with the intention of teaching some basic New Orleans cooking techniques, introducing us to NO ingredients, and helping the class to understand the structure of the dish...with encouragement to use the seasonings to our liking. The results were so delicious, the whole experience fun, educational, and inspiring. A big THANK YOU to Chef Mark and the staff of NOSOC, we will definitely return next time we are in NOLA!I wanted to try the pralines here as I saw their advertisement outside the store. I wasn't very sure on where to get them in the store, so I asked the staff where I can find them. The staff wasn't very friendly in giving me information, and I felt kind of lost in my simple request to try pralines; in a way I felt like an unwelcomed tourist haha.
I ended up trying their pralines but compared to others I tried in my trip, it wasn't as good as the others. Oh well!Great experience! We had a cooking demo with Michael, who is a lot of fun. He made gumbo, jambalaya, pralines and bananas foster. We learned so much and ate every last bit. Definitely a must do if you're interested in sampling high quality Cajun and creole food.The New Orleans School of Cooking is centrally located in the French Quarter, and my wife and I decided to sit in on one of their demonstration courses. Chef Pat was the instructor--a grandma who reminded me so much of Paula Deen--and she was so entertaining and engaging. Before the cooking demonstration even started, she gave about a half hour talk on the history of New Orleans and Louisiana, which was really interesting. She then proceeded to demonstrate four different dishes: gumbo, jambalaya, bread pudding, and pecan pralines. Each person was given a stack of papers containing all the recipes, and given how simple they were, it was easily to follow along. Of course, we got to taste all the dishes after they were cooked (in addition to biscuits and a local beer!). The chicken and andouille sausage gumbo I found way too salty, but the jambalaya (despite containing many of the same ingredients as the gumbo) was nicely flavored, and the rice not overcooked. Unfortunately, the bread pudding and pralines were way too sweet for my tastes, but they nevertheless completed our New Orleans food experience!
Overall, however, I would definitely recommend the demo course offered here (which lasted a total of 2.5 hours)--not necessarily for the food or the cooking demonstration itself, but for the enthusiasm of the instructors, which really gets the participants engaged. The pricing is reasonable, and the cooking school also contains a general store, offering lots of Cajun/Creole cooking products for sale.This place is amazing! Did the hands on class with Chef Ricardo and his assistant Packy? And they were both awesome, great energy and very helpful. But what was even better was the food we cooked! Gumbo was outstanding! We can't wait to try it back home. We also loved the crab cakes with poached eggs and hollandaise sauce (which was tricky, but Chef Ricardo had awesome little tricks to help make it easy) and finished with the bananas foster crepes which were so decadent! This place is definitely worth the trip over, perfect location in French Quarter and in my opinion far better than those group guided tours etc.Loved this in depth introduction to New Orleans food with a good dose of history leavened in. You'll leave here with enough information and motivation to make some tasty local dishes and have an appreciation for what makes this great city unique among American cultures. 
Michael DeVidts made the class lively and fascinating. My wife and I did this same course years ago. Glad we came back for more.
Thanks from www.WorldRovers.comI'm still smiling. Great food, no the best food, the woman who taught our demo was so filled with wonderful historical facts...and her humor kept the room in stitches.
Thanks for a terrific meal and time.Chef Julia! Your cooking class was great, informative, and a delicious experience. Gumbo, Jambalaya, & Pralines. Love your teaching style, historical references, and so many details to adjusting & adding to the recipes. We learned so much. We called the cooking school 4 hours before the class; as our other plans had changed, we had time to fit this program in for the day - they happened to have room in the class, booked it for 2 of us, and within a minute we were registered. Class size is perfect; about 8 round tables of  6-8 persons at each table. There's a reflective mirror over stove tops, so everyone has a good view of the cooking process happening inside the pots/pans. The cooking classroom is towards the back of the shop; you first enter through their store full of cooking spices and kitchen gadgets & off to the side is where they prepare fresh Pralines! yum.You can watch pralines being made.  Very friendly staff.  Got a seasoning mix there called Joe's stuff. Very good stuff and they had samples.Clean and fun. :-) The store where they sell their products are in front and the kitchens are in the back. My party and I had a class with Chef Austin. He is young and fun. There are five separate stations for two people to cook at. In the same room, the dining tables were in the back. We went on St. Patrick's day so there was local brewed green beer ready for us!! Along with that, there was also red & white wine, water, and iced tea! The green beer was really good, it kind of tasted like it had a bit soy in it. 
Chef Austin goes step by step with you on each meal. We started off our class with some sort of shrimp salad. It was good. For our main entree, we cooked some sort of braised sweet potatoes, seafood cornbread, and pork chop. I couldn't finish this because there was so much food on my plate. But it tasted okay. For dessert, we made a citrusy strawberry crepe. It was good! 
I would definitely recommend this place if anyone is looking for a fun adventure in NOLA.Chef Kevin Belton is a star. Plan your visit based on his availability! The sales staff is amazing and we were thrilled with the souvenirs. Happy to pay the price to support what they're doing there. We can't wait to return for a class on our next visit.We do a cooking demonstration here every time we are in town.  This is always educational and so yummy!    Book early the classes fill up quickly (I guess the secret is out) and go hungry and free Abita.  This was our 4th time and  we can't wait to come back next vacation!  "First you make a roux"...Took the demonstration class today with Ed as our instructor and had a wonderful time! From booking the class until the moment we left, the whole experience was well organized and thoughtfully run. 
The food was wonderful and I can't wait to get home and try the recipes myself. I can't say enough about Ed, he was so funny, personable and informative. 
This is a must do for anyone visiting New Orleans!By far one of the highlights of my trip.The Biff and I both love to cook, so kudos to the Biff for finding a place in New Orleans that taught you how to cook regional specialties. Biff and I ran into some trouble with our original reservation, so the school comped us and offered us a free lesson. Man, do these people understand good business. I would take five more classes just because of the hospitality.
Anyhow, Pat our instructor, gave us a wonderful history lesson of not only New Orleans food history, but the history of New Orleans itself all the while cooking and weaving her ingredients and techniques into the lesson (lesson within a lesson? LESSSONCEPTION). 
Pat was also very skillful in handling quite possibly the most annoying adult, nay person, that I have ever had the misfortune to come across. He was obese, a mason (how they tolerate him I don't know), asked dumbass questions, left intermittently, said "OH MY GOLLY," more times than I can count, and then had the audacity to light a cigar while food was coming around. She told him to shut it in the most polite way I have ever ever seen.
Most of the people at the lesson were in their 30s and 40s, but were very very cool. We were also given an endless supply of Abita, so yeah it may have been the beer.
Our Menu (all of the recipes were provided in a booklet): 
Cream soup 
Crawfish etoufee
&
Pralines
Plenty of seconds, and thirds were had.
If you don't take away anything else, just remember this: The big questions in NOLA : Who's yo mama? Are you Catholic? Can you make a roux?This is very cool. Like many people, I went to New Orleans mainly for the food. This place shows you step by step what it is that makes the food so great. 
There are 9 tables which seat 8 people each. Our class was packed and I hear all of them are like that. Our instructor, Pat, reminded me of Paula Deen. A sweet, southern lady who knew what she was talking about when it came to cooking local cuisine. 
Our menu ($29 each including the demonstration) entailed iced tea and a local amber ale (Abita), an artichoke shrimp soup, a crawfish étouffée, pralines, and bread pudding and coffee for dessert. They also give you a print out with the recipes so you can bring them home and try cooking them yourself. I liked the soup and bread pudding the best. The étouffée portion was a bit small and the pralines were super sweet but second helpings were offered for the soup, which was my favorite anyway. 
A couple of very minor criticisms: the email confirmation of your order says to arrive 30 minutes before your class starts whereas your ticket says to arrive 15 minutes before. When I tried calling to confirm which was correct, I wasn't able to get ahold of anyone. I found out myself that you really don't need to be there until 5 or 10 minutes before, which leads to my next criticism. 
They want you there early because you enter through their store before you go to the classroom. They want you to buy their goods in advance, or at least be thinking about what you want to buy when you leave. 
About 5 minutes before the class starts, they start to call off your name and ask you to file in one by one once your name is called. This is not necessary since you check in when you arrive. Furthermore, you obviously get dibs to sit wherever you want (including up front) if your name is called first, even though you may have been the last one to arrive at the store before class starts. 
Next, you go to a round table which makes it kind of difficult to watch the demonstration. Even though the instructor suggests turning your chair around, it'd be nice if they had long, rectangular tables as opposed to round tables so that everyone was facing in the same direction. 
Lastly, a lot of cell phones went off in the class, which potentially could have been avoided had the instructor asked for us to turn them off before class. 
The minor criticisms are the main reason I'm only giving this place 4 stars. I obviously liked it enough to use my $3 coupon to get a discount on the school's cookbook and some of the ingredients used throughout the demonstration so I will definitely be back for another session next time I visit the Big Easy.My tour group took the class with Kevin Belton. We learned how to make Gumbo, Jumbalaya, Bread pudding and pralines. It was awesome! Kevin is very funny and very knowledgeable. You can ask him any question about cooking. The food was delicious too. I even liked the beer & I am not a beer drinker. I highly recommend the class. It was a highlight of the trip.Amazing class! Loved all the history and knowledge added. Great food with a ton of hints thrown in by the chef. Take notes... the recipes given aren't 100% what the chef does to make perfect New Orleans stables. To recreate the dishes at home I had to ask a few questions and note to be sure I had the exact recipes.Just a cool place to check out!
School was not in session but earlier in the morning my friends had popped in and sampled some delicious pralines. They said they were going back after lunch and I had to go with them. 
Such a cute place but the best thing is Lisa behind the counter making Pralines while you watch! She has a great smile and such a charming personality! I get excited over free samples and she told me to try the ones with pecans as well as the chocolate ones! 
I told Lisa I wanted to bring her back to Maryland because having her greet you every day would automatically bring a smile to your face!
So much to buy and a few yummy free food samples! There was a blend you added to olive oil and voila! you have a dip for your crusty bread. On another counter there was a cajun blend to mix with sour cream and you have a creamy dip with a little BAM! 
There were goggles you could purchase to keep your eyes from crying while chopping onions. Want to relive the moment you had at Cafe du Monde? Buy the beignet mix and recreate it at home!
An overall fun place with friendly staff! I bet this would be a great place to take cooking lessons while having a lot of fun!My husband and I loved our hands on cooking class with Sarah.  We had such a wonderful time. We loved the entire experience, from having a beer and getting to know each other to cooking to sharing a meal that we had cooked together. Sarah was so sweet and charming not to mention so knowledgable about the kitchen and Cajun/creole cuisine. We walked away with a love of the local food and tips we will use in our kitchen. This was one of the highlights of our trip and we hope to do it again in the future.  We look forward to getting our diplomas when we tackle making the recipes at home.We took my parents here for their Christmas present. We made reservations early and paid in advance, which was totally easy.  This is not a hands-on class but you will learn a lot about Nawlins cooking and even basic cooking techniques. (I don't think I ever knew how to make a real rue until I came here).  Plus, you get to taste all of the amazing food the host makes!  Absolutely fun and enjoyable!Received the  "Gumbo, Jambalaya, Bread Pudding and Pralines Demonstration" as a wedding gift, and I still have fond memories! Our instructor John was so funny and entertaining, the time went by very quickly. He regaled us about the history of New Orleans and Cajun vs. Creole cooking. I was very happy being able to sit back, and enjoy watching him cook. Although we had a full room, he was able to answer everyone's questions. Also enjoyed the cold Abita that was served! The Jambalaya was some of the best I've tasted anywhere.This store was awesome for finding all things New Orleans under one roof. There were seasonings, sauces, chocolates and other touristic memorabilia. I bought a 6 bottle Louisiana hot sauce after enjoying the mild but flavorful sauce in New Orleans. I also found a "Smidgen" measuring spoons set very cute. They had many New Orleans cuisine cooking demonstrations and cooking classes -  would be fun to check that out next time.Had a cooking demo. Chef was entertaining. Unfortunately the class was too crowded. My seat was jammed behind a big pole blocking my view.  I was ok with him changing the recipe but it was hard to keep up. It was like listening to a cooking show on the radio with no recipe in front of you.  Have to say walked out with very little new info.  
I have been trained in cooking before and usually am able to grasp some nuisances. This class seems to be for over zealous Pinterest users.My family & I took a cooking class here over the Christmas holidays, and I highly recommend it! They have hands-on classes, but we did the one that was more of a demonstration, but it was excellent! 
Our instructor, Sandra, talked about the history of the cuisine of New Orleand- intertwining the history of the city itself with the culinary influences that each wave of immigrants and set of circumstances brought to the food. I didn't know much about the history of New Orleans, so this was very interesting, and she told it with a lot of humor and personal anecdotes, so she was very entertaining too! For this reason alone I think that it is worth it, but the food was also delicious and was a full meal (unlike some cooking classes which are more like "tasting" and then you have to go eat afterwards because you're still hungry). 
The school is also attached to a store so that you can get any of the spices, gumbo file, utensils, etc that you might want. I recommend doing this class early in your trip if possible, because you learn about the different dishes and can decide what you want to try! Plus, the instructor gives restaurant recommendations and ideas of things to see & do in the city that are unique.Fabulous place for a cooking demo or hands-on experience! Yes, it's touristy, but if you haven't been to NOLA before, I would highly recommend it. The food is delicious and you get a lot of history and culture from the instructors. My family and I enjoyed it thoroughly - our second time here. We even bought some spices to bring back with us. Next time we'll try the hands-on part!Talk about Awesomeness!! Went here on Sunday morning for the cooking demo with Harriet. She was just lovely and she made me and my family feel so welcome! Why? Because we are traveling with my 1 year old and 5 year old, she addressed me in front of the whole class before we began and said that having the baby in the demo did not bother her at all and mentioned she was a mother of 5! In a time where mom shaming is real, and the looks of "oh no not a baby in class" that people without children gave us walking in she put the whole room at ease. Harriet made the room laugh and kept us so entertained with her stories. The food was delicious and we had 5 courses if you count the biscuits and cane syrup that are waiting at the table when you walk in. Great tips and tricks especially about what to do if you forget a timer or pull the pralines out too early. My mother in law even got Harriet to sign her cookbook. Amazing experience and I would and will recommend this to everyone! Also for the price the flowing pitchers of Abita Amber is well worth it!!Great cooking demonstration class.  I was afraid it was going to be basic but they really taught you the ins and outs of what makes a good roux trinity and all that.  As for the cost, it's about what'd u pay for a meal in a restaurant so why not! Instructor was amazing, really funny and knowledgable.Best adventure we've had in New Orleans!! This cooking class came highly recommend by several friends and we're so glad we did it. 
Chef Brandon was not only an incredible local chef but funny and very entertaining. We laughed and ate until we were full for over 2 hours. Great experience whether you're in to cooking or not.How can you not give this a 5
Serves you a meal "great"
Entertainment while you learn to cook
was worth the price of admissionStayed in NOLA for five days and this was by far the best experience.  
The price is a bit steep but worth it.  you start off getting your own apron, and all the wine or beer you'd like during your cooking and meal.  hands-on assistance in cooking the gumbo, a detailed yet succinct description of the ingredients and dishes, along with a bit of the history of NOLA food.  Chef Ann was the best, along with some of the assistant chefs making sure your cooking is on point.  My gf and I made gumbo, seasoned fish/chicken, and pralines.   My mouth is still watering over the gumbo we made.  
We signed up for the 3pm class, and were done by about 6:30, incredibly full, happy, and having enjoyed a couple bottles of wine.  We stopped by again before heading home to buy some of the spices/seasonings and can't wait to try out our gumbo at home.  Highly recommended.What a great find!!!!  Had Anne as our teacher in our private class of 20 and she was such FUN!!!   WE ALL SAID IT WAS THE TRIPS HIGHLIGHT!!  Thanks....Went with a group of 6 and had a good time. We paid $24 a person - got our reservations months in advance and were the first ones called to pick our table -score. Miss Pat was our instructor - very pleasant - and she definitely gave us a history lesson - really in-depth. It was a little long especially because we could smell all of the delish food in the air but I am a fan of history so it was probably more tolerable for me then some of the other ladies in my group. We had tea, water, lemonade and coffee available to us during the tutorial but would have appreciated some of the local beer- Abita- during the class instead of just during the meal. Be sure you don't mistake the beer with your iced tea (I added lemonade to what I thought was my tea)!
We had a jambalaya with sausage and chicken - my favorite, a gumbo with chicken and pralines - so sweet. Made me feel like I might actually be able to make it myself! Definitely don't need to be there early we arrived 20 minutes early and did not get into the classroom until 2pm.We booked our cooking class through expedia. It was a great experience. I go to Le Cordon Bleu cooking classes in my spare time. I would say this cooking class is as good if not better.  It was only 25 dollars per person. Julie was our chef. She demonstrated recipes: corn shrimp bisque, tomato etouffee,pralines and banana bread pudding.  The whole class was very efficient, clear and well structured. It didn't only show you how to follow recipes but it also covered some basics such as roux. We also learned a lot about the culture and food history.  
After class, I got a book called Paul Prudhommes Louisiana Kitchen from the gift shop. Now it is sitting next to my other cooking book collections. I cannot wait to try some of the recipes at home and surprise my guests. I also got some spice. I just added some Joe's stuff into my leek mustard mussels today. It worked out really well and gave this seafood recipe a nice Cajun twist.History class in a cooking demonstration. Very entertaining and loved all the food she made. Too bad I'll never be able to replicate.Highlight of trip. Cooking and more. NOLA history. Eating. Drinking. Shopping. Fun humor. Excellent. Make a reservation before you go and don't miss it!This was definitely a highlight of our trip to New Orleans. I cannot recommend this experience enough.  You learn to cook great food while being entertained by such hospitality.   And the servings afterwards are generous!!  
Oh and the price is reasonable!Thank you Harriet!
My husband and I had the best meal of our honeymoon at your gumbo cooking demonstration!
In fact it was so amazing, we spent everything other meal trying to find a gumbo as truly outstanding as yours!
Thank goodness we have the recipe!
Do yourselves a favour and book this at the end of your holiday, so you don't spend your time dreaming of Harriet's magic gumbo!
In all seriousness, thank you!  We had the most wonderful of times!This was one of our best experiences coming to NO. We had a limited 2 day stay and this place gave us a great NO experience in one afternoon.
Our chef was Karen (I guess they rotate) and she was great. We made creole chicken, jambalaya, and pralines. Although I think the jambalaya could've used more salt, the experience alone gets five stars. It is about an hour or so long and u get lessons, stories, laughter, and good company among your tablemates.
Make sure u call in and get a resey, classes fill up fast. We called that morning for a 2pm show, and we were 15th on the waiting list (meaning they were at capacity and we had to hop 15 ppl didn't show up. We barely made it in, so walk ins definitely would not have made it.
I can't wait to make some pralines.This is the best money you will spend in New Orleans if you like to cook.  You sit there, learn some great recipes, hear history lessons about New Orleans, drink beer and then - best part - eat!  I had so much fun!I loved this place!! If you are a cooking nut and love your gadgets, this place is awesome!! The staff is friendly and helpful and this is such a wonderful experience if you have the time to do it!! This was definitely one of the highlights of Nola for me!I've had pralines from all of the major NOLA candymakers and these are the best. They are smooth and creamy with lots of pecans and really well-priced at 65 cents each.Best money spent in New Orleans, hands down. Big Kevin is New Orleans. You can't beat someone teaching you about the city and HOW the food came to be "Nawlins" food, meeting new people, getting free drinks like Abita beer, and being able to chow down on the finished product like it was a buffet of quality food.
Pina Colada Bread Pudding was life-changing. Who needs a restaurant???Great food and great experience. Brandon showed us how to cook amazing dishes while incorporating a fun history class. Definitely recommended!I took a cooking class with Harriet and Anne . They were knowledgable, entertaining and excellent cooks. Best deal in New Orlleans. For 24.00 I had a terrific meal and knowledge how to bring it home to SC. 
For two hours we laughed , ate, drank local beer. Tea and water. They shared their recipes for shrimp and artichoke soup , crawfish étouffée , praleans and banna foster. 
We asked questions. They gave us so many good cooking tips they shared their extra .engredients they use in their personal dishes. 
Well worth they money . I would go back more if  I lived in the area. The shop is fill with the cutest gadgets. And all sorts of spices. 
On of my favorite events on my trip
Can't wait to start cooking Cajun 
Big thanks to the golden girls
Harriet and AnneChef Kevin Belton was fantastic!  The perfect blend for a room of visitors young and old, far and near, experienced in the kitchen and novices.  The food was delicious. His humor contagious and we would highly recommend this experience for families and couples visiting NOLA, who either want to taste some of the city's culinary staples while they're made in front of your eyes or learn how to DIY at home. Great value for the cost.Had a great time WATCHING Sandra prepare traditional NO food.  She was funny, native to NO and had a great personality.  Must understand that this is a demonstration, not a hands-on class. But for $27 ($24 with coupon from neworleansonline.com) per person you get to sit in air-conditioned comfort, learn something new and taste all the delicious food.  Felt the people taking payment were slightly rude, but that was my general impression of much of NO anyway.  Would definitely recommend as a way to spend a few hours and get fed!This was a fun learning experience! It was like being on a cooking show except you get to eat everything the chef makes! We had a complete course of appetizer, main entree, and dessert! The chef will also let you participate hands-on if you wanted to. Unlimited refills of drinks. You get to bring home the menu for the day with the recipe. You can also buy the ingredients on their store next door. The best part is you leave with free beer! Definitely a must for a NOLA trip.We came for a cooking demo at the recommendation of my sister in law who had done one earlier this year. The demo in my mind is the way to go. You get to try all the food and you learn how to make it without the price of cooking the food. 
When you make the reservation, you can put down what food allergies you have. We did an afternoon demo; not that it matters. It was incredibly easy to follow the cooking demo. The lady who taught us was able to work in the culinary history of the local cuisine. She was very good at giving descriptive explanations so much so that I'm sure I can recreate the food. 
As a gluten free person, the soup wr watch was bisque but what I ate was vegan gumbo(it has a fancy name but I forget it). It was quite good. The chef was able to provide suggestions on what type of gluten free flour to use for me when I get home. For the main course, we watched etouffee being made and ate a gluten free creole dish. It was good but I would have rather had the etouffee. Dessert read pralines and they were amazing. 
I will definitely come again when I'm next in the city.Kewl place. We didn't take any of the classes but they really do have some cool things to pick up and take back as truly good items as a memory of NOLA.
The in-house spice is very good and not too expensive. We picked up some Chicory to mix with coffee and it has really worked out. Everyone was really nice and the place  smelled DELICIOUS!.
There is no reason NOT to stop by here when you're near the French Market area. I think the smell of chocolate drew us in initially, but really glad we landed here.Our chef, Michael, was freaking awesome!  He was extremely entertaining, knowledgeable, and the history lessons he gave were all informative.  I've never liked history, but he made the cooking demonstration class fun and informative.  It was a full class, and the other 'students' were enjoyable as well.  The food itself was all prepared by Michael himself (right in front of our eyes); I did enjoy the jambalaya the best (the andouille sausage was so tasty); the gumbo was alright, the bread pudding still had the alcohol-taste remnants, but still good; the pralines were a bit too sweet for me (not a praline fan).  Definitely a great place to go to while in NOLA!  There's also a little store connected to the 'classroom' full of Louisiana Kitchen products. I called to make a reservation for an open cooking demonstration (jambalaya, gumbo, bread pudding, pralines) - about 2.5 hours of appetizers, entrees, desserts, and such, with beverages included - a full feast when you arrive and whatever the chef prepares for you.  Can't wait to take notes and try the recipes at home.  The woman who was taking reservations down was such a sweetheart - LOVE!
+ask for Chef Michael
+cooking school/demonstrationWe had a great class with Chef Harriet! She was hilarious and had such a knowledge of the history of New Orleans as well as the food. She made us gumbo, jambalaya, pralines and bananas foster. The gumbo and jambalaya were great, the pralines were pure sugar to me which I didn't like but the banana foster was to die for! I am still craving some more. Everything was so good we got seconds! We can't wait to try the recipes at home.This has to be one of my favorite spots in NOLA. You not only get entertained by a great show, you learn a lot of cool things AND you get to EAT. In my book, it doesn't get much better than that. And they food you get to eat is awesome. When I went with about 20 other teenagers in 2007 (for a youth group trip where we were helping post-Katrina...they get extra points for dealing with our huge group so well) we got to eat gumbo, jambalaya, AND pralines. It was basically heavenly. 
If I'm lucky enough to go back to NOLA as an adult, I'm definitely re-visiting this place.I took the afternoon demo class and came out with good recipes for gumbo, jambalaya, and pralines. Although I haven't had the best luck at home when I tried making pralines one time, the chef made it look very easy, inspiring me to try again. He clearly knows what he's doing in the kitchen. Of course one of the best parts of the class is getting to eat! Go up for seconds if you want. Don't be shy!
The food tasted great and I enjoyed the class, but it wasn't as fun as I remember from when I went years ago and watched Big Kevin. There was at least 20-25 minutes of talk before the actual cooking started, which was a bit long since it's a cooking class and was only two hours total. 
Still, I don't regret doing it. If it's your first time in NOLA and you have an interest in cooking I'd recommend trying it once. It's something different and might make you want to try your hand at cooking some great NOLA food when you get home! The store is cute too and I bought quite a few things. But you don't really need to get there 15 minutes early. 5 minutes is enough, then you can decide if you want to buy anything after the class.Great way to spend a couple of hours in NOLA. Learned about jambalaya, gumbo, bread pudding and pralines and got a free Abita beer to boot. Chef Kevin was great as an instructor and was clearly passionate about the subject. If you've ever been curious about how to make these seemingly impossible dishes, then this course is for you. Highly recommended.Once you arrive you check in and then they call your name and you go to the kitchen/dining area and find a seat. 
On your table you will find warm biscuits with sugar cane Syrup to drizzle over, water and iced tea. 
Harriet was our chef today and kept us laughing the entire time while she cooked and explained how to cook the following dishes:
Jambalaya, Gumbo, Tropical Bread pudding
With Rum Sauce, and Pralines
Once you begin eating the prepared dishes you are served Abita Amber Beer. 
Coffee and Lemonade are also available.Learned how to make gumbo, jambalaya and pralines. It was more of a demonstration cooking class but great presentation. Bring your appetite. You sample everything. The samples are a meal in themselves. I did a dinner party at home with the recipes and got rave reviews. Now I'm know for making the best pralines thanks to this class!Took a demo class and loved the experience. It is definitely good value for money. Julie, our chef, also gives a bit of history on New Orleans which was awesome! The food is delicious and I can't wait to get back and try these recipes at home!!We had a group of 9 people and this was by far everyone's favorite stop on our Nola trip. The food was excellent. The corn and crab chowder was up there in top 5 soups I have ever had. Chef Brandon was very knowledgeable about the Creole and Cajun history which was very interesting and informative. Make sure to pick up some Joes Stuff seasoning and the Cajun Power garlic sauce. Awesome! Also, the pecan pralines were my favorite of all the others I have tried. This place is a must do!Our chef Michael was outstanding! Very funny and truly loves what he does! We had the best Sunday breakfast ever, w Free beer too! And for that price? Coffee, 4course very generous tastings (we got seconds on all of them! No judgement!). Amazing 2.5h of fun!Looking for something different & cultural to do in New Orleans. We weren't sure what to expect when we signed up last minute for this class on our last day. Turned out to be one of our best experiences in NOLA. 
First off, it was more like demonstration class than a "hands on" cooking class. We sat in large round table with 8 others and watched the chef cook chicken and andouille sausage gumbo, creole chicken and pralines. Our chef du jour, Pat,  was like a funnier and lively version of Paula Deen, effortlessly feeding us entertaining history of New Orleans while whipping up a masterpiece. Was slightly disappointed that she didn't cook the Jumbalaya when it was on the menu for that day. Portions were generous and tasty..and you can ask for seconds! $27 for authentic Cajun food was a steal, especially in the French Quarter. 
We left with copies of the recipes (which were easy to replicate)  and purchased the seasonings from the general store up front, which we still use in our everyday cooking.Had a great time eating amazing food while learning some history! Ed was a fun, informative teacher. Highly recommended!A must do for anyone visiting New Orleans! The chef was very knowledgeable and entertaining. The food was amazing, I couldn't believe how much food we got to try for  only $25!My husband and I took hands-on class on Sunday, @ 3 pm. Learned simplicity of making roux, gumbo, mocque choux, pralines. Chef Kevin welcomed us into his world, shared the live of his kind of cooking, and his culture. We got to eat our food, and it was delicious. Wonderful experience. Wonderful Chef.Highly recommend the memorable and tasty experience.Chef Kevin is great. Taught us how to cook Gumbo, Jambalaya and Pralines. After he cooks it we get to eat it and it was so so good. Would go back to try other recipes.People said this would be the best thing we'd do in our trip to NOLA, and boy were they right. Big Kevin is a hoot! The gumbo is aaamazing, holy smokes. The pralines and jambalaya were terrific, too. Great experience, and an awesome way to kick-start your vacation. 
I went there with my partner, and it is a great experience as a couple, a family, or a bunch of friends. If you're in NOLA for whatever reason, GO!We thoroughly enjoyed our cooking class with Pat.  We expected a typical cooking class but got so much more with an extensive history and culture lesson.  A great value!I came here once in '05 and once again several weeks ago. I was almost going to book a class at Crescent City Cooks, but changed my mind because I read that they don't have mirrors over the cooking table surface (and... they don't serve free Abita beer). The NOSC always gives a good historical background of the evolution of New Orleans cuisine. I notice that over the years (and even within the same class) they recycle jokes, but whatever gets the crowd going. The recipes they print for you to follow during the class and to take home do not correlate closely with what they're actually cooking (as if they were printed long ago, and over time they forget what they've written), so it was useful when people asked a lot of questions (ex: the roux calls for just "oil," but they only explained that they used lard when a student inquired for clarification (tip: use lard for chicken/andouille gumbos, and butter or vegetable oil for seafood gumbos). Chef Ann is very amiable though. We thought the jambalaya was very good (even after seeing how liberally they poured in their Joe's Hot Stuff), but the gumbo was over-salted. I've had better bread pudding than the one demonstrated, but the pralines they made were nearly as good as Southern Candymakers'. 
On the reservation confirmation, they advise you to arrive 15 minutes early for the class, but I think it's really just about getting you to circle their store several times to buy things (it got us to buy some gumbo file and Joe's Hot Stuff (since this is their signature cajun spice powder, it is cheaper here than at other tourist shops) even before the class started). However, it's useful to sign in early because they call guests' names in the order their arrival -- earlybirds will get to pick the better seats in the classroom.Sooooo happy we came. 5 plus stars all the way.
For $32, you get a 4 course meal, a live lesson and the most entertaining history lecture from the amazing Pat.
She literally talks for 2 hours straight and is obviously passionate about both New Orleans and food. 
We had tried jambalaya and gumbo already, but the dishes that Pat made were so much better. I really think that I can make it again when I get home.
Btw, go online and download a $3 off coupon. Reservations are a must.This place smells ridiculously ahhhmazing!  warm buttery, sweet goodness!  And they offer free samples of everything they make.  We purchased a few bags of prailines as gifts :)
It is cool that they offer cooking classes for everything cajun!This review is for the husbands and other non-cooking people in the family...
We were in NOLA in Oct 2103. We've walked by NOLA SOC numerous times when in NOLA over the years and have stopped in to see what was on their shelves.  This time I was standing by being the good husband while the Mrs looked around when I noticed for the 1st time their class schedules. I should have known better but I mentioned their classes to the Mrs. She said "Cool. We're going."  We?  So I opened my big yap again (I should have known better after being married 40 years) and once more got myself roped in to a "wife thing."  How boring.  A cooking school.  I stepped into it this time. 
Then I went.  First thing that perked my ears was all the beer I wanted was included with the class.  Hmmmm, this might be OK afterall.  The instructor (sorry can't recall her name) started her presentation.  Pretty entertaining and interesting history banter while cooking.  The Mrs was taking notes and whispered several times to me that the instructor was a good cook.  No one is a good cook until they're done and I can taste it then I'll decide if they're a good cook.  She related a lot of history about LA and the people who settled here and why.  (Poor another beer.)
Now time to eat.  By golly she was a good cook.  
We were there over 2 hours and it was a great time.  Just how great?  When we went back to NOLA in December I told the Mrs we were going to do another cooking class. Another great time.  
Well worth taking a class.  Entertaining.  Informative.  OK I'll admit it - fun.  Just don't tell my Mrs I wrote this.We had such a fun time at New Orleans School of Cooking.  Made a delicious gumbo and jambalaya for lunch while learning from our chef Michael about Cajun, Creole, and Louisiana history through various foods.  Would definitely do it again and plan on bring my wife in the near future!This review is more aimed at their gift shop because I didn't actually go into the restaurant.
The gift shop has a lot of what you would find in most New Orleans gift shops down in the french quarter like knick knacks, tabasco, and other things. But the cookbook selection is awesome. In fact they have such fantastic cookbooks that I bought one for my parents and had it shipped to them. Yes they will ship merchandise for also.
The other thing that made this experience great was the fact that the people were so helpful and friendly. I guess that is what made this a deciding factor in purchasing this item.
In short their gift shop is a wonderful place to pick up some Items for real Louisiana cooking.
P.S my parents loved their new cookbook!Wow, what a great experience. The good was really good and even better that we could watch it being cooked and learn the process.
A great place to discover the history of N.O. and the origins of it's food.One of the biggest reasons we decided on New Orleans as a travel destination was the food - HELLOOOOOOO, shrimps, grits, po'boys - you name it, I wanted to eat it. But then we thought, instead of just being lazy chumps who just order delicious food, why don't we learn how to make it?
The New Orleans School of Cooking was quite honestly the highlight of our whole trip. We went for a small-group 'hands on' lesson with just four other people and a chef. We learned how to make shrimps and grits, gumbo, banana foster AND Bloody Marys.
We stumbled in a few minutes late, DEEPLY hungover. The chef immediately pointed us to the bar and said "Pour yourself a beer. We're going to learn how to make Bloody Mary's". It was poetry to my ears. About 30 minutes into the lesson we were already drunk. It was amazing.
After you make each dish, everyone sits down together and chats. It's an incredibly lovely experience with people coming from all over the States and in our case, the world. 
As we cooked each dish, we were encouraged to pour ourselves more and more drinks, sample each others food and of course, a HEAP of photo shoots. 
We got an apron to take home with us, which is super cute and I still wear it. The general store is also great for fun merch and yummy pre-made Bloody Mary mix.
I honestly could not recommend anything more. It can be pricey to do the smaller, hands on class, but it is worth every. damn. penny. 
DOOOO IT!I was really bummed that we found this place on the last day. I would of loved to of have taken a cooking class here. But bought lots of spices and some praline's I must say that they have the best. I love white chocolate and they make white chocolate and other types or praline's there,,,ummmm delicious.Brandon was our chef.  He did a great job at giving instruction but also the history of the food and ingredients 
I would recommend anyone interested in learning how to use what you are cooking in different ways, this is the school for you.My husband and I took the 3 hour hands on class from Chef Matt on 1/17/18.  We had an absolute blast.  Matt was a fantastic instructor - he gave us some great history of the city and specifically food's history in the city, which is abundant.  
They start you off with a bunch of alcohol, so that was great.  It's an intimate class of 10 people and depending on the day it's different foods. We made Gumbo Ya-Ya, BBQ Shrimp & Grits, and Banana's Foster Crepes.  It all turned out absolutely fantastic.  Chef Matt was hands on in helping, but really wants you to do the work. And he really knows what he's talking about, so take good notes!  We can't wait to come back and take another class.  This is a MUST-DO if you like to cook and are visiting New Orleans.Took an instructional class with Harriet last week and it was most definitely a highlight of our trip. The food was delicious, Harriet was hilarious, and the shop prices were actually pretty decent for picking up different cajun seasonings and sauces.
Now the reason this is 4 and not 5 stars. This place absolutely needs a policy against young kids in the classes. One family saw fit to bring a 5 year old and a young baby, and it legitimately made me think about leaving. The baby cried THE WHOLE THREE HOURS. Our poor instructor was at times yelling over it, and yet the parents never saw fit to leave. I could barely hear and it made the money I paid for the instructional part a waste. 
Another thing is that you really are just watching someone cook for almost 3 hours. I wish there had been a bit more interaction, but props to Harriet for keeping it interesting most of the time.This is a fantastic way to spend the morning. My wife and I learned a lot about the differences in Cajun and Creole cooking and had a great time doing it. At the end of the day, we took away more than a quality recipe or two but also came away with a great many lessons regarding the culture and food history of New Orleans. 
Sandra was our teacher and we thoroughly enjoyed her approach. We actually bumped into her several times while in New Orleans which made it even more fun. She's very approachable and has a wealth of information to share.
We made a full day of cooking by following this class with a Walking Restaurant Tour (provided elsewhere) and made it a thoroughly enjoyable day. At the end of the tour, Sandra happened to join and demonstrated yet another classic NOLA dish for the crowd.
Abita beer is served. What could go better with Gumbo or Jambalaya?!
The Bread Pudding was very good. We've made both the Jambalaya and Bread Pudding since returning home and both recipes are keepers.
We'll take a shot at their pralines recipe soon.
~mI agree that this is the best money you can spend in New Orleans and NOLA is inexpensive now anyway.  The classes are superb (I went two days) and they include a great lunch, all for $27!  You can't get much of anything in Miami (or NYC) for that, much less a great value ...
The classes are very informative and detailed (pay attention and you can cook it, check the schedule so you know what) also include a bit of the fascinating culinary history of NOLA, more or less detailed depending on the instructor.  The people at the School are all lovely friendly, as is NOLA generally, and the School sells all of the ingredients that you might not be able to find elsewhere.  There were people from all around the States (and world) in attendance and everyone seemed very pleased with the classes.  (A Couple of New Zealanders at the table had never had cornbread!).  I had the best gumbo I've ever tasted there (and I ate it six times in three days in NOLA.)
It was just a lovely experience, I could not more highly recommend it, and you can round it off with a trip to the interesting Southern Food Museum.I highly recommend that anyone coming to New Orleans sign up for one of these cooking classes.  You don't actually cook-an instructor cooks, all the while telling stories and giving helpful cooking tips, and then you eat what they have cooked.
I have taken this class twice now.  The first time it was taught by an older native New Orleanian, and she had amazing stories to tell of growing up in NOLA.  Of the 2 classes I have taken-that one was my favorite-great stories, and plenty to eat. We had fresh biscuits, jambalaya, gumbo, bread pudding, and pralines.
This last class had Julie as an instructor.  She is an excellent chef, but she only talked on the history of the NOLA cuisine, with no personal local anecdotes.  Also - this class served the bare minimum of food-we had samples of corn and crab chowder and chicken étouffée, with a praline for dessert. Still fun, but I left hungry.
Beer, tea, lemonade and water are all provided to drink.
The school is attached to a store that has tons of ready made gift sets and cooking utensils. Perfect place to buy New Orleans gifts for friends.Wow! What a fantastic experience! We did the hands on class with Chef Mark and he was awesome. The class was 12 people, split off in groups of 2. Each group of 2 had their own stovetop. All kinds of wine, champagne and a Bloody Mary bar, all of which you could drink from the entire time. Chef Mark was so easy going and fun. He's a real chef with real life experience, so he gives you restaurant tips, secrets and techniques. They don't skimp on the ingredients and you can tell they are high quality. We made 3 courses (gumbo, shrimp and grits and bananas foster crepes) and after each course you got to sit down at the beautifully set table and enjoy what you made.  Don't miss this unique experience in New Orleans!  Make sure you book ahead to get into the hands in class.We went for the demo class and it was awesome!  Miss Sandra was an excellent host for the class. She was so informative and knowledgeable about the city. We had great food and learned a lot. Our kids even thought it was great. I highly recommend.Fun experience - I have to admit that the cooking part of the class was just okay, BUT our hilarious instructor Anne really made the experience interesting and unique. 
So, I'll start off with the cooking, which is the only less-than-stellar part of the class. We bought the cheaper option (around $30 pp), which allows you to watch the instructor cook and listen to her explain what she's doing. You get to eat what they prepare, are served iced tea and beer (Abita Amber yay!) and of course take home the recipes for what they made. On our day, we were taught how to make sausage gumbo, jambalaya, and pralines. At times, I felt that our instructor went through things too quickly and got distracted by her own stories, to the point where you kind of missed out on details the actual cooking part she was trying to explain haha. At the end, I gave up on actually figuring out how to make the food again (that's what the recipe is for right?) and just decided to enjoy the show. 
Also, maybe just my personal preference, but I thought that the food was just a tad over-flavored/too salty so I'd cut down on that stuff when making it again at home. At first, I thought maybe Cajun/Creole food was just like that, but after I ate at a few places in NOLA - including the fantastic Commander's Palace - I was like alright, Cajun/Creole is flavorful but not THAT flavorful. So yeah, just be aware of that for the recipes you take home. 
BUT, I'm still giving this place 4 stars because it was just a wonderful, hilarious, entertaining afternoon. For precisely the reason that the instructor kind of sucked at instructing, she was AWESOME at entertaining. She told us great stories about the history of Louisiana, the origins of certain foods that we associate with Cajun/Creole cooking, and other times, just funny stories about her own life. Everyone had such a great time laughing and learning, and I feel like I learned a lot of background information about the city and its food culture.We had such a great time at the New Orleans School of Cooking. We went for a cooking demonstration and watched Harriet make gumbo, jambalaya, bread pudding, and pecan prailines. I could listen to her talk all day. She was awesome and the food was wonderful. Well worth the money. Check the tourist magazines for a $3 coupon.Although this was a nice break from the crowded French Quarter Music Festival, it was not the best food. Using small tasteless shrimp for Shrimp Creole to teach a cooking lesson is not a good idea for me. How about some gulf shrimp that Louisiana is famous for? How about making a shrimp stock from the shells you would have had if you used those, instead of frozen peeled and deveined shrimp and chicken stock? How about using fresh tomatoes instead of canned and having to add cane syrup to cut the acidity? How about using lump crab meat in the corn crab bisque instead of clawmeat that totally dissolved in the soup? How about cutting off fresh corn kernels half way and going back to scrap off the corn milk instead of canned corn. The biscuits were dry and flavorless, and even the Steen's corn syrup couldn't redeem it. The bananas foster was good, but you should have roasted the pecans for the pralines. You (Mike) did mention that you could have made shrimp stock, corn off the cob, lump instead of crab clawmeat, roasted the pecans, but you chose not to for our cooking lesson and lunch!!! The draft Abita was nice too, but the other dishes were not down home. And what cooking instructor would say, more than one time that Chef Paul Prudhomme's gumbo recipe sucks, even if it was in jest, and proclaim his lunch was the best creole food we ever had, and make the class repeat it? I did not say it.Gumbo Marie!! She made the day. The Cooking demo was great but really it was Gumbo Marie's delivery and knowledge of not only cooking but the history of New Orleans that made this one of the most fun experiences in New Orleans. The gumbo was delicious too. However, garlic sauce is where it's at! Would love to come back and do the full m cooking class in the future.BEST THING IVE DONE THUS FAR!!! 
**do not do the demo. DO THE HANDSON**
This was such an amazing experience. I booked the hands on class and I loved it. 
Firstly, you check in and then the chef comes in and called you to this back room. It's beautiful. Greeted by a wonderful round table with full table settings and aprons draped over each chair. Chef Ricardo was so wonderful. He started by saying there's a Bloody Mary/mimosa bar and to make yourself at home. Made a bloody and they immediately put out a pitcher of Abita. 
He then explained a lot about the regional cuisine and gave many explanations about the food we were going to cook. 
Actual cooking experience was AMAZING!! Everything was prepped for us so all we had to do was cook it. Throughout the process I made Gumbo, BBQ Shrimp/Grits and Bananas Foster. Amazing food! The whole time the chef and assistant chef were helping and explaining he food. 
This is an amazing experience and the next time i am in NOLA I will be taking it again to learn different recipes.This cooking class was such a fun way to spend an afternoon! The instructor was very personable, and super knowledgeable about the history of New Orleans and its food. We did not take an interactive class; for our class the instructor described the dishes as she was making it, while we sipped Abita and watched. It was fun talking to the other people at our table as well. Our instructor made gumbo, jambalaya, and pralines. These were simplified versions, meant for the home cook t be able to throw together, which meant they of course weren't as good as the best restaurant versions, but still quite good, and it's nice to see that these can be approachable dishes for the amateur cook.WE had an amazing time. Our guy was a great teacher, (you could tell he was actually a history professor) oh and the FOOD was amazing.  We had the Gumbo, jambalaya and Praline demo.   This is a must go for people not trying to go into liver failure while in NOLA.  But the is Free beer.  Super cost effective too!My favorite thing so far! Great shop and amazing cooking demo. This really is lunch and a show! Our instructor Harriet was so fun and funny. She has a great cookbook that I purchased and she personalized it for me. The BEST gumbo I've had and they serve pitches of beer with the class.
If you like food this is a must do stop!We picked this one for the gumbo and red beans and rice.
Chef Kevin was awesome and funny. Made the experience even more worth while.
Food was fantastic and learned alot not just about the food but New Orleans history in general  
Definitely worth a 2nd tripOn 6/29/13 we attended the cooking demo for my sister's bachelorette weekend with Chef Benny. My sister and I are huge foodies so I was pleased with how excited she was when we brought her there that morning. It was definitely the highlight of our trip in NOLA -- Chef Benny was very entertaining and gave an awesome and hilarious history lesson on Cajun/Creole cooking. His passion for food was almost uncanny to my sister and I -- she seriously thought I gave him notes prior to the demo! He was such a cutie and the food he made us was AMAZING! He taught us how to make Cajun Gumbo, Jambalaya, Bread Pudding, and Pecan Pralines (not PRAY-LEANS hee,hee!). For $25 (since we had a group of 10), it was definitely worth it. Along with the yummy food, we had sweet tea, water, and Abita BEER! Funny it wasn't even noon yet, but hey it was 5'o clock somewhere, right?! Chef Benny even met us outside of the demo area afterwards to take pictures. Who needs to go to the male strip clubs in NOLA if you can go watch a cutie that can cook for you AND make you laugh? We definitely would go again next time we visit The Big Easy!We had a fantastic time gathered some great tips food was delicious the drinks were plentiful and Chef Tonya was amazing would most definitely return and would recommend anyone visiting NOLA to Attend .This was the best part of our six day visit to NOLA. Our instructor was Pat, and she was funny, eloquent and knowledgeable. It was SO interesting hearing about why folks came to the area, and how the different ethnicities each brought influences that, mixed with the climatological limitations (e.g. long, hot summer, & high water table) shaped the culinary landscape that attracts so many visitors to New Orleans. We made pina colada bread pudding, pralines, gumbo and jambalaya. All were EXCELLENT. I recommend this highly to others I encountered during our trip and will continue to do for those looking for a great experience in New Orleans.Hands-on class with Chef Mark was the highlight of the trip, and an experience of a lifetime. Access to high quality ingredients and cookware. We got to play with flavors, learned about the science behind cooking, and history of the city and the dishes. If you're on the fence between the demonstration and the hands-on, go for the hands-on. Worth every penny. You cook each menu item and then sit down to taste. Class sizes are small enough that you can get individual attention and guidance along the way.  You leave with the recipes and the apron (which was a cool surprise).Okay, so we came in simply because we saw several people walking around with their cute bag.  Once we tried the sample, we ended up buying 6 chocolate and 6 regular praline cookies.  Yummy goodness!  Zero calories, I'm sure.Went here with the wife a few weeks ago. We had a great time and the food was wonderful ! She finally  got around to making the jambalaya tonight and it turned out exactly as I remember it. Good dinner and a bunch of left overs for lunch this week..Other than the history lesson that lasted a little too long this place is really cool! The shrimp and artichoke soup was decadent. Could be a meal within itself. The crawfish etuofee was perfectly spiced and delicious. The bread pudding was the best 
bread pudding I have EVER had!!!! I like how they give you the recipes to try at home. And I love using "Joe's Stuff" in our meals.A definite must when in New Orleans. Chef Brandon was our host and instructor. Chef Brandon had plenty of stories to tell while he was giving his cooking demonstration. The class that I attended was for gumbo, jambalaya and pralines. Chef Brandon was able to interject some history about these food. What a great time and value for your money.Pat is amazing! She gave us a great blend of New Orleans history, cooking, and humor. The food was delicious and I learned so much. I can't wait to try the recipes at home! Thank you!Pat- our chef- was a definite "showman". She definitely made the whole experience. We learned a lot of history of New Orleans and its foods. Very interesting and Pat did an excellent job. The actual cooking was great- my only complaint is that the written recipes should match what the cook is saying/doing and it doesn't.  Our class started around 2 and the food we ate was excellent but we ate about 2 hours into the event so have snack or something beforehand otherwise you will be hungry if you skip lunch, We had gumbo, chicken creole and pralines. Will definitely be trying to make the gumbo. I would definitely recommend it.Definitely the place to go, if you're a tourist and a foodie (or even a wanna-be foodie).  Aside from all the ghost tours, voodoo tours and swamp tours, this is a great way to have some good cookin' on a mellow day.  
If you're in New Orleans, you know it's all about the food.  Might as well learn how to make it yourself when you go home.  
Here, they basically do all the talking and cooking, so for the cooks out there that burn everything, including water, don't worry, you're safe here (along w/ everyone else, lol).
The instructor (can't remember name, :-/) was amazing.  She had such a wonderful personality and was so good at teaching.  Will definitely return for the other dishes.Love the demo cooking classes! This is the second time we've been to a class with friends. We had different chefs each time (Brandon and Toya), and both were awesome! While they make 3-4 dishes for the class, you can follow the printed recipes and make notes if you want. The chefs give top and tricks and let you know how they personally tweak the recipes. They also tell fun stories about New Orleans and how they personally grew to love food and cooking. The food we've had has been delicious, and they let you go up for second helpings if you want. If you leave hungry, it's your own fault. They also serve beverages, including local Abita beer during the class. Call early to reserve your spot.First, I am not much of a cook.  I went to a 3-hour hands on class with two of my siblings.  We had the best time.  The instructor was very entertaining.  He also went over the origins of creole and Cajun meals.  For our class, we made stone ground cheese grits topped with grillades, poached egg, and a sweet potato/crabmeat bisque.  And for desert, we made bananas foster.  I could not believe that I could make something that was that good.My wife and I attended a morning hands on class. It was terrific. They had an open bar of Bloody Mary's, Mimosa's and Abita Amber to drink while we cooked. We had an absolute blast and were very well fed. We were there from 10am-1pm and barely ate the rest of the day. We just had light snacks for dinner and were still feeling the massive brunch we had. This is become part of our tradition when we come back in the future.We purchased the cooking demonstration of Gumbo, Jambalaya, Pralines and Bread Pudding. Our Chef, Tom, was top notch. He was clear and concise, funny, informative and easy to hear. I'm pretty sure I was hypnotized during the preparation of the roux.
The group wasn't too big either. I think we paid $65 per couple and it was worth every penny. Kudos again Tom, you're an ace! We really had a good time during this experience and I look forward to cooking the recipes they shared.What a blast! My 15 yo son and I did the cooking demo with Chef Kevin.  We had a great time, we love to cook and we love to eat. This was a great combo of both. Chef Kevin was so entertaining, knowledgable and fun. I would go again.Chef Brandon was lively, knowledgeable, humorous AND he makes delicious food!!! Would highly recommend the cooking demonstration class to anyone I know coming to New Orleans.Positive: We really liked Pat, we loved the history and knowledge of NOLA that she shared with us. She had a great personality. The food she cooked was very good. 
Negative: This is really a cooking show, not a cooking class. We would have enjoyed participating or getting some hands on cooking. The people who checked us on (at the front) seemed very stress and quite rude. 
Overall: We'd recommend the class. Make sure to book at least a week in advance. People were on stand by lists.Definitely a fun activity to do in New Orleans. You can choose a demonstration class or hands-on class. We did the demonstration class with Julie and she was very personable and informative. Our menu was gumbo, jambalaya, bread pudding, and pralines. You will not walk away hungry! It's a great value considering all you learn and EAT! They also serve Abita beer and if you're not a drinker, lemonade, iced tea, and water. The food is delicious! Plus they give you the recipes so you can replicate at home. 
The store connected with the school is also really cute and has lots of hot sauces, mixes, cookbooks, and kitchen gadgets. Everything is also very reasonably priced.A New Orleans MUST. Especially as a couple it was nice to interact with others while visiting with good food and wine. My husband and I did the "hands on" cooking class. SO fun to cook local recipes, drink wine and eat the wonderful dinner we made with others and Chef Kevin. He is an entertaining and wonderful  personality and true local. We got to keep our aprons and recipes and take the pralines! A memory we will always have!I loved our cooking class. Not only did we get to eat and learn local recipes, we learned a ton about the history of Creole and Cajun cooking. I recommend this place to all of our friends and family that visit!Kind of fun. For me, the three hours was worth it just to get a good NOLA roux demo.
Power went out on the stove a couple of times, delaying everything. If this is a regular thing, why not be a little prepared for it, rather than having to take down the picture covering the circuit breaker and having to call in the cavalry? This happened twice....
The food was pretty good, though the jambalaya was way overseasoned and the rice was mighty firm for my liking. My palate felt a little wiped out after all of the ultra salty/spicy/sweetness.
I think for a non-cook, this would have been more fun, but as I said, there's a good roux demo, and that seems to be the most important thing about cooking the cuisine.We took a class this morning with Tom and Brandon that was absolutely fantastic. All the recipes were delicious and both Brandon and Tom brought a lot more to the table than just cooking expertise, which they both had in spades. Brandon taught us about the different locations of different kinds of Cajuns and Tom made the class constantly interesting. Both answered all of our questions completely and was a really great class overall.  Because everyone sits at a table of 8 we got to know many new people all of whom were friendly and pleasant to be around as well. It was a really great experience overall and both instructors made it fabulous. The fresh praline was the best thing I've ever tasted!My wife and I decided to give this place a try a few weeks ago.  It was an AMAZING experience!!!  I had no idea what to expect when we walked in the door.  I knew what they would be cooking; it was nothing we haven't cooked since we were kids.  What I didn't know was all of the tips and methods that I would learn from Big Kev!  That man knows his stuff.  He is very personable and works the crowd with ease.  The gumbo was decent, but I knew not to expect too much since it didn't have time to really simmer like it should(The man cooked it in an hour).  He didn't do anything wrong, that's just the constraints of a short class.  The jambalaya was great!  He actually cooked a bread pudding that I enjoyed.  I can't wait to return for another class to see what else I can pick up.  I will definitely do my best to get into Big Kev's class againThis was the highlight of our trip to New Orleans! We made Gumbo, Jambalaya, Bread Pudding, and Pralines. Our instructor/chef was Tom (?) and he was very entertaining as well as knowledgeable about the food of New Orleans. He gave us a bunch of cooking tips as well as quite a bit of historical tidbits about NOLA cuisine. The gumbo that Tom made was by far the best gumbo that we had during our stay in NOLA. It was spicy (but not too spicy), flavorful, and hearty. It was packed with delicious sausage and chicken. The jambalaya was also delicious. It wasn't mushy like some of the other jambalayas that I've tried. The bread pudding was great, it had a touch of coconut and had a nice smooth texture. The Pralines melted in my mouth and weren't too sweet. If I ever get to chance to come back to New Orleans I am definitely booking another class at the New Orleans School of Cooking.I signed up for this not knowing what I was getting myself into.  I had no expectations and I had a good time.  The chef was great and very informative.  The food was very good.  $27 for 10-12:30 4 course lunch that you watch them prepare.  Beer was included too!Consider this: chances are pretty good you're going to spend $20+ on lunch somewhere in the French Quarter.  Why not spend it at the New Orleans School of Cooking, get a GREAT lunch and LEARN how to make what you've been served??
The atmosphere is great.  Our class was full and, yet, I didn't feel crowded like I thought I would.  There are plenty of staff who wander around filling water and iced tea pitchers and then serving food.
I did the gumbo, jambalaya, bread pudding class.  Everything that landed in front of me was DELICIOUS, flavorful, well tempered and seasoned.  The instructor (Barbara) was very engaging and personable.  I thoroughly enjoyed the class.
Afterward, of course, you're invited to shop around the store for your "authentic" ingredients for the dishes you just saw being made.  Yeah, it's a good, touristy schtick, but their prices are actually BETTER than a lot of the other shops around.  I know for a fact their price for "Crystal" brand hot sauce is cheaper than I've seen anywhere else.
So, if you've got a couple of hours to kill and you want a good lunch and have a great time all in one place, you can't go wrong spending it here.Uneingeschränkte Empfehlung! Während unseres Aufenthalts in New Orleans sind wir immer wieder an der Kochschule mit anschließendem Geschäft vorbeigegangen. Erst am letzten Tag konnten wir und entschließen, an einem der Kurse teilzunehmen (Reservierung über das Internet zu empfehlen). 
Es ist eine eigene Welt: Vorne steht eine Küche, die ähnlich einer Fernsehküche mit Spiegeln einen Blick in Töpfe und Pfannen ermöglicht. An großen Tischen versammeln sich Menschen aus allen möglichen Kulturen und Altersgruppen. Und in der Mitte stand in unserem Fall Pat, eine resolute Mitfünzigerin, mit einem unglaublich lehrreichen und humorvollen Vortrag über die Gründung von New Orleans, die Einheimischen, Eroberer, Zuwanderer, Einheimischen und deren Einfluss auf alles, was man in New Orleans essen und trinken kann. Und nach dieser Zusammenfassung ging sie auch an die Töpfe, um für ca. 40 Leute Gumbo, Jambalaya und Pralines zuzubereiten. Selbstverständlich wurde alles Schritt für Schritt erklärt und mit dem einen oder anderen Tipp garniert. Die Rezepte sind auch bereitgestellt, Ergänzungen lohnen sich, um auch nach ein paar Wochen den Selbstversuch erfolgreich zu meistern. Nach der Verkostung aller Gerichte hat man die Möglichkeit, Gewürzmischungen und Pasten im anschließenden Geschäft zu kaufen. 
Ich kann dieses Abenteuer absolut empfehlen. Es wäre vielleicht sogar am Beginn des Aufenthalts ideal, dann hat man beim Durchprobieren der Küche Lousinanas eine Wissensbasis!My boyfriend & I thoroughly enjoyed ourselves! We booked the 10:30 demonstration class for two which was $30/person. We checked in and were sat quickly. They served complimentary beer, tea, lemonade, and water. There were biscuits with thick homemade syrup to begin. Our chef was super informative and gave us a lot of cooking tips! All of the recipes are printed for you to take notes and keep. The front of the school is a store where you can buy almost everything you need to make the recipes and more. Everything was great, but after we were still a little hungry.This was the best tourist-y experience I've ever had. We had a group of 3 couples and did the cooking demo. We learned a lot about the local culture and how to prepare their foods. And then we got to eat it! Large portions too, not just a tasting. Unlimited beer, tea, lemonade, water. Biscuits, gumbo, jambalaya, bread pudding with whiskey sauce and pralines. I was so full. 
The class took about 75 min total and was entertaining and informative. It's nice to be able to pay attention a lot, or a little and socialize. For the price, it was very very reasonable. I would expect to pay at least that much for the food and drinks alone, so it was well worth the money. 
I personally wouldn't pay the higher price tag for the cooking class where you make it yourself unless you're REALLY interested in having someone show how to cook these dishes.I thoroughly enjoyed myself here! My teacher was Anne. She demonstrated a Gumbo, jambalaya, and praline ingredients. She spent time explaining the histories of NOLA, Cajun, and creole cooking. I went alone, but was able to meet lots of new interesting people in town for various reasons and occasions. I was slightly disappointed to learn that I wouldn't be cooking. The instructor also pre-started the meal, and instead of going step by step from beginning to end, she highlighted the most important parts, but for $24 it was a tremendous deal.We came here for my friends birthday... it was amazing!! The food was delicious... the people was very friendly. We had chef kelvin he was so funny and made the class fun. Will definitely come backSO AWESOME!!
My boyfriend and I are cooking junkies, he being a cook in the marines and me just loving it... I was so happy when i found this!! 
My 30th b-day trip, was going to be epic anyway, but this was such a highlight!!
The hands on was kinda pricey, so we went for the demo. I'm so happy we did. The classroom alone is great. You seat at family style tables, beer, lemonade to serve yourself while you sit and watch the masters. 
I honestly learned too. Our instructor knew so much about the history of New Orleans and making the favored dishes, she was a riot!
The food was delicious! IN fact when i tried gumbo and jambalaya at a few other restaurants it wasn't nearly as good as what we were served in the class. 
Nothing beats a home cooked meal and that was exactly what we got! 
Its honestly a great experience, and totally different from the other touristy things in the French Quarter. 
You wont be disappointed!!!Great NO cooking demonstration. Kevin (the instructor) had a great personality. The food was really good. Can't wait to get home and start cooking!What a great experience it was cooking an authentic New Orleans meal and a beautiful kitchen.  The teacher was very knowledgeable and funny.
We made Shrimp Remoulade, Pork De Galvez, Seafood cornbread stuffing and fresh fruit crepe flambe for dessert.....Oh so good. 
They also have a little store you can browse and purchase special items from, the staff there were also wonderful.
If you love cooking, this is what you want to do when you go to New Orleans, you must book in advanced FYI.For $24, you get a three-course meal, unlimited beer and tea on top of the cooking instruction. Shrimp and artichoke soup, crayfish étoufée and those tasty pecan fritter things. You get to take home the recipes and if you email the instructor with a photo of you with the food, you get a diploma. My only gripe, the food wasn't that spicy but he was trying to please the masses. Next time, I'm bringing my motherI took a group of wives to the New Orleans School of Cooking recently and we had a BLAST.  We were all spouses of a group involved with a convention and this was the spouse trip.  It got the highest numbers for satisfied participants on the post conference survey!  
Our chef was Toya Boudy and she was amazing.  I think we all ended up being Facebook friends with her after the class.  She was entertaining, informative and was able to cook, talk, tell jokes, ask questions and share secrets all at the same time.  
The food was amazing and I'm pretty sure we all walked away with new knowledge, a few new ingredients and a new appreciation for cajun/creole, New Orlean's magical cooking style.  
Would definitely do it again!Every single recommended itinerary on TripAdvisor had this listed as a must do.  So, I was excited. My brother and sister, not as much. They were wrong and I was right. This made the number one spot for favorite things we did on our trip. Our chef was funny and engaging. The lesson was wonderful and informative. And this history lesson mixed into the experience was more in depth than anything else we heard during our stay. Not to mention eating all of that delicious authentic food was heaven. The ambiance of the location was just what you want to experience during a stay in NOLA. I don't care how weird it sounds to take a cooking class while you're on vacation. Just do it. Don't be wrong. Be right, like me.Really had a blast my husband and I had a great time. The food was beautiful and chef brandon was funny, educational and entertaining. This may not be what most people think of but this is a must do when in the city.Waking up at 10am in New Orleans can be rough to say the least.  But my trip to the NOLA school of cooking was worth it.  Essentially what you get is a performance, with food included.  Our 'teacher' basically explained the history of the city told through food. It was memorable and awesome.  Since going to the school, I've cooked up gumbo and jambalaya numerous times.  I've also ordered spices from the website.
Try to get there early if you can so you get a good seat facing the front.This was one of the highlights of our trip! It was well organized, the ingredients were fresh and plentiful.  Chef Mark was extremely personable and made the class a blast! If we get back to NOLA, my husband and I would do it again. We made pralines, gumbo, shrimp and grits and bananas foster crepes.--- Tons to eat and great libations!Before you pay for a class, make sure you know the difference between a "Demonstration Class" and "Hands on Cooking Class."  I completely misread the titles and expected a hands on cooking class, but like most people/the popular choice, me and my friend were signed up for the Demonstration Class.  
The demonstration class is still enjoyable with delicious dishes, except it's a really easy place to fall asleep after a morning full of traveling and walking around.  The room smells good, you get to sit down, the room temperature is perfect, and most of the time you're watching the chef cook the meal and talking about the history of New Orleans.  If you're expecting an actual cooking class, then skip the demonstration and take the actual hands on class.  With the demonstration, you're basically just sitting and waiting for the food to be prepared and ready to eat.  
The dishes were amazing with the perfect serving amount, and it's also fun to talk to the people in your table and see where they're from, etc.  My favorite part was the Pralines made from scratch though.  We bought a handful of those from the New Orleans School of Cooking.  This is probably one of the more relaxing tourist activity in New Orleans, so take advantage of it.If you're visiting New Orleans, taking a cooking class at the New Orleans School of Cooking is a must!!!! You have not truly experienced New Orleans if you have not taken a class! It's such an amazing experience! I did the demo class; it is a full meal, a great show, and an amazing learning experience about New Orleans and it's unique and interesting history. The chef/teacher was so funny and down to Earth! A true New Orleanian. The class was an amazing end to an amazing experience in New Orleans. Plus, you're going to pay the same price(if not more) for lunch, so why not get a great experience for the same price?I learned so much! Harriet was entertaining and informative. The food was delicious. Thank you !!!! I will definitely recommend you to my friends and family.Go here. It's different than anything else you'll do while in NOLA and very educational. And as a super-duper added bonus, the food is damn good. And as a cherry on top, you get beers with your meal!
I went on a Sunday, which was a gumbo/jumbalaya/bread pudding/praline menu. As promised by our entertaining and knowledgeable instructor Michael, it was one of the best meals we had while there. I finally got a glimpse of what gumbo was supposed to taste like after being severely underwhelmed at K-Paul's the night before. 
Great for both small and large groups, adults, children, teens, foodies, non-foodies, and even vegetarians (he'll make you a salad). You'll learn about the history of the city via the history of the cuisine in a fun, casual, air-conditioned environment. What more could you ask for for $27?
And lest you think that all the Yelpers giving it 5 stars are friends of the place, check out other review sites (blasephemous, I know, but Yelp has yet to reach critical mass in NOLA). It is the #1 attraction based a ton of TripAdvisor reviews in the city with everyone raving about it just as they have here.just visited nola, had to stop and get pralines, but was very disappointed this time. the candy was not smooth & creamy like i remembered from years past, also too much vanilla and they were too thin.  When i started making pralines, their flavor was my goal.  Sorry to say mine are better.  hope it was just a bad  day.This is a must do in New Orleans if you love food!  Think of it as a hybrid comedy show * cooking lesson * lunch + local beer.  Chef Kevin kept us entertained the entire time, shared some insider chef secrets and fed us lovely New Orleans fare:  crab & corn bisque, Shrimp creole, Pralines, and Bananas Foster.  Then we were able to buy secret Nola ingredients in the store.  Can't recommend this enough :DYES!!! Visiting New Orleans is all about the food. Once you leave the city, you're stuck with boxed macaroni and cheese. You'll only get jambalaya when you eat out at a southern restaurant, if they even have one where you live. Why not sit through a lesson, get the recipes, and eat the food with the cook? I did it. I'd do it again. We went to the lesson with gumbo, jambalaya, pralines, and bread pudding. I wanted my certificate when I went home to Oregon so I made all four dishes, sent pictures in and got the paper. Even if you go and don't end up making the recipes at home, at least you see the way it was made. And if you're lucky, the cook will add her own southern flavor to your time at NOSOC with some lively commentary throughout.Awesome experience! This was my third time to New Orleans. I wanted to do something different for my best friend's bachelorette and we took a cooking class. Chef Anne was awesome! I definitely recommend taking a class and if you have AAA, call in to book your reservation and get a few dollars off.
The food was tasty and they give you beer! Be sure to also buy the garlic sauce because that stuff is delicious.We stopped to get pralines. They are the perfect size with lots of nuts and a great price. I already can see ordering them online for Christmas gifts.We had this very entertaining, spunky chef-Harriet (aka: "Babee"). We never experienced a dull moment. She was entertaining from beginning to end.  We had our 11 yo boy and 13 yo daughter with us and they loved her and the food too.  We loved it so much, we're going back to another class. We hope we get another awesome chef. Oh yeah, the food was awesome too!Michael was the instructor, he was simply wonderful. I absolutely loved the class from start to finish. In addition to great food and desert, I learned a ton of history- I'm very happy and I will be back.I can't believe we didn't do this earlier!!! This is now a regular stop for us when we visit. We did the demo class where they cook for you, and give you helpful tips while they cook except we got so much more! Michael was amazing and so knowledgeable! He managed to effortlessly turn a meal into an enlightening history lesson on top of some expert tips we could take back to our own kitchen(including some ingredients that were new to us even with a Cajun background). He was also very entertaining! We laughed the whole time! The worst part is that his cooking was SO good that it ruined us for Cajun/Creole food after. Everything we tried after that was eclipsed by how delicious his food was. We also left full! I can't say enough good things about Michael, the shop, and the experience!! One tip - make sure to check the schedule, so you sign up for the items you want. We got lucky in that we got a class with our favorites.Chef Brandon was awesome! Great demos and fun stories. Hubby and I had a blast. I can't wait to make gumbo, jambalaya, and pralines.I have done a cooking class once while visiting Lima, Peru. I loved it and was a trip highlight. My wife suggested that we do a cooking demonstration while we were in New Orleans. I was ambivalent because I didn't understand what we would get out of it. But she really wanted to do it so we went. I ended up really enjoying myself.
On the menu today was a crab bisque, chicken etouffe, and pralines.
Our kumu (teacher) was named Kevin and he was great. Had a very friendly personality, was upbeat, energetic, and you could tell that he loved doing what he was doing and took pride in it.
The set up of the room is pretty neat to. You sit in a restaurant type setting and look towards the kitchen. There is a mirror above the kitchen stove so that you could see everything that Kevin was doing (did not expect that).
After Kevin prepares everything you get to eat it. Personally, I loved the etouffe (I'm probably slaughtering the spelling) and the bisque. I was not a fan of the pralines but I don't really like nuts in general. My wife really enjoyed it though and she ate mine. She did mention that they were definitely better than the ones that you can buy in the stores there. 
They also provide you with lemonade, water, iced tea, and a local beer! (just felt like I needed to throw that in here too).
FYI: There were also seconds available so come prepared to eat. People were not shy to get seconds.
The whole experience was great and we had a lot of fun. We even talked story with Kevin at the end of the class and bought one of his cookbooks(We just regret not asking him to sign it). Very nice guy. We will have to try the cookbook out soon and the skills we learned in the demo.If you have time and the chance, DEFINITELY take the cooking class  here!  I'm a foodie and it was heaven!  We took the demo class and not only did we learn how to make gumbo, jambalaya, bananas foster, and  pralines we got to eat it too!  :)  
We also learned a lot about the Creole and Cajun cultures and New Orleans history.
Such a fun time!!!!!The School offers two kinds of classes -- large groups watching a chef and hands-on class.  I truly think, as a complete non-chef, the hands-on class is the way to go.  I am sure the demo class is great and you eat great food (you will!), but doing it yourself even if you are a complete boob in the kitchen is much more fun.  We had Matt G who was fantastic.  Great history of New Orleans food.  Bloody Marys (optional of course) were enjoyed by some of us.  We made fantastic dishes in a fun, low-stress environment.  We've taken trips all over the world, and often take a cooking class to change things up.  (I was yelled at in Florence)  That is not this class.  It is New Orleans Easy.  Chilled out.  And very fun.  We finished with Bananas Foster, which was amazingly easy.This is one of the funnest things we did on our trip to NO. Chef Kevin is outstanding! He is hilarious and keeps the audience engaged the entire time he is cooking. The food is amazing and there is plenty to go around. Highly recommend this as part of your New Orleans adventure!I like food, I like the history of food, and I like people who know both.  The class I took from Barbara satisfied all those requirements.  
It gave a wonderful overview of regional cooking basics and a thorough background of the region's culinary history.  
We also got delicious samples, recipes and beer.My family goes to New Orleans a couple of times a year. One of those annual trips is scheduled around my wife's birthday. Whenever we saw the sign for the School of Cooking, my wife would comment that she wanted to take a class. But we always had a tight schedule for the weekend, so it never happened. 
So last year, I made reservations in the class for my wife and two of her friends. They absolutely loved it! They said the staff was very friendly, and the man leading the class, Chef Kevin, was a delight. They loved how he mixed humor with the instructions. 
My wife is a Bronx girl, a very good cook in her own right. But  tackling authentic Cajun cuisine was not in her wheelhouse. She was excited to try the Gumbo that Chef Kevin taught them and I must admit, her gumbo was amazing. I've never tried cooking it and I know a lot of people that say they can never get the roux right. But my Bronx girl did it!
Thanks to all the gang at New Orleans School of Cooking! We'll be back!Well worth it. Entertaining, tasty and there was beer. Inspired me to try to make gumbo and jumbalaya. Chef Kevin was hilarious and knows his stuff.After a day of shopping in the French Quarter, I realized that I wasn't going to find a huge difference from one shop to the next, so I would have to find something else to do. Fortunately, I stumbled upon the New Orleans School of Cooking. I had shopped here on previous trips, but never took any of the classes.
For $27, I got to watch a chef prepare a four course meal (gumbo, jambalaya, bread pudding, and pralines) while he gave an in-depth history of New Orleans, explained the difference between creole and Cajun, and described the immigrant influences on the rich food of New Orleans. We not only got to eat the food he prepared, but we were also served a local beer, Abita, and got copies of the recipes.
If you love to cook and love history, you'll love this class. It's worth way more than $27. And since tourism hasn't completely rebounded, the class size was fairly small so you didn't feel like you disappeared in a sea of other tourists.I had the BEST time! Pat was our teacher, and she was like Paula Deen, but sassier and awesomer! She began with a riveting half hour explaining the history of New Orleans and its food. Really engaging history lesson! She handled an annoying student with sass and style (the student asked stupid questions like, can I use lowfat milk? can I use brown rice?). The recipes were simple, and the food delish! $27 well spent for a filling meal, engaging history lesson, and a great teacher! HIGHLY recommended!Had a great time. Great food, entertainment by chief boudy along w learning a few things. A great different thing to do on vacationYou don't have to cook to love this place.  Great staff, wonderful gifts on sale,  and  hands down the best pralines-to-go in NOLA.  Buttery, not too sweet, just perfect.  We always leave room in our suitcases for several boxes, then when we're home and they're all gone,  wonder why we didn't buy more!We attended a demonstration class, it was wonderful but I thought I was buying the hands on class. My bad when I was scheduling, so they offer both kinds and I wasn't aware of the demo class. That being said, we had Pat as our class chef and historian, she was wonderful and deserves 5 stars for her presentation and 2hours of teaching and sharing her expertise and love of local cuisine.This was a great experience and highly recommended to anyone visiting New Orleans who enjoys cooking! They offer both hands-on and demonstration options. My wife and I chose the demonstration option as we were on a compressed time schedule. The instructor was fantastic and in addition to her high level cooking skills she was a great storyteller who shared wonderful anecdotes about New Orleans history and her family. Don't miss this great opportunity!!Definitely sign up early for a class here.  Plan on eating a meal here--not just bites.  Very good presentation and entertaining.I took Kevin's cooking class and it was my favorite experience from all the time I spent in New Orleans. He demonstrated how to make gumbo, jambalaya, and pralines while telling us some history of New Orleans creole cooking. It was such an enjoyable experience and hands down the best food I ate while in the city!This review is a little delayed! The bf and I went to the hands on cooking class back in January. The night we went to the class gumbo, fish with sauce meunière, corn maque choux, and pralines were on the menu. 
First, the overall experience - This was our first cooking class and overall it was fantastic. The food turned out really well, the vibe was fun, and the wine and beer were free flowing. We also learned some cooking skills too! The class was pretty small in size - only five or six couples so we were all able to get personal guidance on our cooking. The only reason why we'd say 4 stars and not 5 is prior to actually cooking there was a bit of a history lesson which ran way too long, especially if you'd heard it all before. I enjoyed going through the menu and discussing the dishes and skills prior, but the history lesson was a bit much. Perhaps save it for when we've all cooked and are eating? Towards the end it felt a little rushed, and I attribute it to the slow start. 
Next, the food - we started with the pralines. We didn't make this ourselves but watched the chef do it and then we helped to plate them up. These little sweets were delicious. I loved them!! Next we got to the hands on portion of the lesson - these guys think of everything. All ingredients are cut up and portioned out, all pots / pans / utensils are in easy reach. Made the actual cooking itself incredibly smooth. If only it was like this at home! Our chef instructor walked around to each station multiple times and made sure we were on the right track, gave us pointers to add more of x or do y. Given all this guidance, it would be near impossible to ruin your meal. The food turned out delicious. I especially loved the gumbo. 
Overall I thought it was great experience. It was our first time in New Orleans and at a cooking class. We learned a lot about Cajun and Creole food (and their differences!) and some new cooking skills. I would recommend this to nearly everyone. I do feel like a more experienced cook, who already has background in this style of cooking, may find that there is too much hand holding but for beginning cooks like the bf and I it was perfect.The instructor is not nice and the raw ingredients were almost rotten.Awesome!!! What an experience! Chef Ricardo was great! It was a party in our hands on class. So much fun for a family experience in Nola.This is a must-do if you are visiting NOLA.  Like so many people, I think food is a great part of traveling.  And if there's anything NOLA does better than so many other cities, it's food.  At this event you not only get to try some classic NOLA dishes prepared by a chef (and there's lots of it!), but you get the recipe to take home.  It's great.  In addition, you get iced tea, lemonade, and even some local beer to drink.
It might have just been due to the size of our class (it was about half full - about 25 people), but everyone was able to get seconds and even thirds of the food that was made.  The beer flowed like wine.  Our instructor, Kevin, was awesome as well.  He was a local New Orleanian and not only provided memorable instruction for future use at home, but also entertained us with his sense of humor and stories about New Orleans.
Finally, the price for this is unbelievable.  The only things I regret:
1) I wish I'd taken better notes on the food that was cooked - the recipes they gave us could have been a bit clearer.  The steps weren't always clearly worded so you aren't always sure what to do when.
2) I wish I'd bought some of the seasoning they used.  It wasn't expensive and it would have allowed me to find something comparable once I got home.One of the best experiences while vacationing in New Orleans. Its no wonder it rates so high on tripadvisor.com. I took the group class, so there was no hands on cooking, we got there late so sat near the back. Wish we could have gotten there earlier...but there is a huge mirror over the cook that allows you to see what he/she is doing. 
Our instructor was hilarious, as well as informative and the food, oh my gosh, it was the best!!! You must go! Its a great deal, and there are coupons for $5 off on their website, make sure you print them and show them when you get there. We called a emailed them for reservations which were strongly recommended.We did the Hands on New Orleans Cooking Class. The class would have been more fun if our chef wasn't so impatient, rude, and insulting!! We did have fun and met some really nice people!! Great food!!One of the highlights of the trip! We took the group demo which was not a traditional cooking class that's hands on, but more of cooking observation, which you get to have a full meal. I think we had gumbo, jambalaya, bread pudding, and pralines. The food, I thought was so-so, but I loved the history and story-telling throughout the demo.I had my surprise birthday party here.  I had to cook for all 35 of my guest.  It was a tremendous delight and very educational.  I encourage you to take a class to revist your Louisiana roots or to get your first taste of Louisiana culture.My wife and I attended their cooking class tday and it was a blast. Our instructor, Chef Ricardo, was a great and he told some very interesting and funny stories. We made pralines, BBQ shrimp and grits, gumbo and bananas Foster. Despite the fact that we made it, it was still delicious. That tells you something about their ability to instruct any skill level of student. The class took about 2 hours which was a perfect time limit. We would definitely go back and try some of their other recipes.So, we splurged and got the private master class with a chef, four cooks and a chef walking us through making our own appetizer, entree and desert.  We picked Chef Anne, and she was a cherished memory of New Orleans for me.  She's a born and bred Cajun and a great storyteller as well as chef.  They provide all the ingredients and (since we're all pretty seasoned cooks already) all we had to do was follow her recipes and have a great time chewing the fat with her.  Although we were only supposed to make one dessert, Anne gave us opportunity to make a second.  The recipes were easy enough (for us, but, as I said, between the three of us we have about 70 years of cooking experience) so Anne had a great time as well, just sitting and checking in on us from time to time.  
I made desserts, which in hindsight I wish I hadn't, since I made pralines and pecan pies, both of which I've been making for years already.  I did add (with Anne's blessing of course) my special cayenne pepper touch to the pralines and Anne seemed to enjoy that (she sat in the middle of the room and scraped the praline residue out of the pot for 15 minutes) even if "Chef" Michael didn't seem to appreciate it, although, in his defense, he's from Detroit and, well, kind of a turd.  Okay, he's a real turd know-it-all.  
The kitchens are nice and comfortable, there's complimentary beer and wine for the class and the kitchen back-up staff are really friendly and accommodating as well.
If you have the money and desire to get in the kitchen you're going to have a blast, just make sure to pick Anne, she's the only native New Orleanian and just an all around great lady to be around.  Plus you get to eat your meal with your chef and Anne has tons of great New Orleans information and stories at her beck and call and, well, I love you Anne.Just finished the Gumbo, Jambalaya and Praline class by Kevin. The class was fun and informative and the food was awesome!  Kevin made New Orleans cooking easy to understand and I feel confident that these were recipes I can make at home. Kevin prepares the food and shares helpful tips the whole way through. At the end of class you get to enjoy a good size taste of everything prepared and can quench your thirst with a cold Abita beer, iced tea, water or lemonade. Would highly recommend!You can do this by signing up even just a few minutes before class time, to take a one-time class in excellent NOLA cooking. My spouse and I signed up on the spur of the moment, and it turned out to be the highlight of our New Orleans vacation. The class hung rapt on Chef Pat's every word as she described the history, cultures, and ecological realities that shaped the unique cuisine of New Orleans. That alone would have been worth our admission price, but then Chef Pat demonstrated creating a fantastic meal, cooking enough wonderful food to let us all eat a full meal! I can't wait to get home and try out what I learned!I really loved this place.  I wanted to take 1 of the afternoon cooking classes, but couldn't because of time, next time I will.  The staff was great, very welcoming and would let you try anything.   They have a great selection of local ingredients and really cool accessories.  I wear my NOLA cooking school shirt all the time.So much fun!  Went and admittedly wasn't sure if I should go or cancel my reservation.  Boy was I glad I went! Chef Belton was awesome!  Funny, real, down to earth and really taught you how to make the dish, not by a recipe but on the fly.  Made me think I could actually make it at home.  His humor and knowledge of the area made the time fly by.  The food:phenomenal!  So good.  Honestly, I would have spent the same $ for the biscuit, tea/coffee, corn and crab bisque, seafood creole, beer, pralines, bananas foster.  But, I also got the experience of the class and the wonderful company of others there plus the chef's guidance and entertainment. I will definitely take another class next time I'm in town.  Such a great way to enjoy this town!If your in New Orleans and have the Time or opportunity to do the cooking class DO IT. And if Chef Kevin is around even betterDecided to do this based on the extremely positive reviews on TripAdvisor. We were greeted by a crowd of people already there for the show when we arrived, milling about amidst the interesting array of different cooking materials, sauces, and gear everywhere. The show (we did the one that was just a show, not the one where you cook along with the chef) was almost filled to capacity, but it didn't feel too cramped in the room. You sit in groups of ~8 at round tables in the actual show room. During the show they also serve you iced tea, which was SUPER refreshing (and unsweetened FYI), and some beer during the meal portions as well.
For our show the wonderfully animated and entertaining chef cooked us some gumbo and jambalaya, and finished off with making pralines. The absolute BEST part of the show were the history lessons the chef. He just exuded unabashed pride for his home state, and really captivated me, and the audience, with some general Louisianan history, and the extensively interesting history of its culinary arts. I've never done a cooking show before, but this is how I want to eat and learn about a new cuisine from now on. After getting such a detailed lesson on the many various influences that were all fused together to create the dish known as "gumbo", I felt like my perception of the dish had so many more layers and depth of understanding as we finally consumed the gumbo that was made on stage.
Honestly, the food was TOO flavorful for me. It was seasoned way too much, especially with the "Joe's Stuff" seasoning that they mentioned quite a few times during the show. I felt like they were trying a little too hard to push that seasoning on us. I would be a little more irate if it weren't actually a really tasty seasoning (I seriously thought about buying some, but I didn't because I didn't know what I would use it for). But still, I felt like they mentioned how great it was a little too often during the show. You also don't get served too much food overall, but a decent enough amount, and actually quite an impressive amount when you think about how the chef is cooking enough food to serve probably more than 30 audience members adequately (with seconds!).
This was a GREAT experience. Come here!!! As I tourist I learned SO much about the never boring history of Louisiana, and its accompanying cuisine. I loved it so much that if I ever find myself back in New Orleans I will definitely try and attend another show and learn more about another one of Louisiana's characteristic dishes.Made last minute reservations after passing by the place and our Uber driver mentioned it had great classes. The class exceeded our expectations! Great instructor. We learned the difference between Cajun and Creole. Large portions were given to demo plus local beer. It was well worth the price and time. Would highly recommend it to everyone!This place deserves 5 stars!!  I really enjoyed my afternoon here!!
Great food, fast pace, friendly staff, neat facility and set-up, very interesting and educational plus, a great price, 30$ for 3 hours (all you can eat (so much food) & drink, coffee, beer, lemonade (fresh and so good), and iced tea).  
Chef Tom was awesome!  He knows his stuff!  He gave us very good, useful and accurate info on what we cooked an on cooking in general.  I know very little about Cajon/Creole cuisine so wanted to take this class, very happy I did.  He had a great energy, was so interesting and informative, the three hours flew by!  His staff, so nice, so on top of it.  The food, awesome, Gumbo and Jambalaya yum (had tried these dishes in restaurants before and honestly didn't like them) banana's foster and praline, mmmm. 
I left so full, kinda wish I didn't have seconds of everything!  I am a chef, have studied under some of the best and Tom, well he impressed me with his kitchen/ cooking/food/historical knowledge...and his teaching style, top notch!  I will be back, I hear there are 12 chefs and more Louisiana style dishes to be learned and consumed!We took the public class and strongly recommend you sign up early as they let us in the classroom to pick our seats in the order in which we had reserved our spots.  As a result, we got to sit in the front and were able to see and hear everything perfectly ... oh, and did I mention how good it smelled in there?!  The roux making demo was very helpful as well as the tips on gumbo and jambalaya.  It was nice to get the background info on Creole vs Cajun cooking as well.  
The best part was seeing it all come together and getting to eat the food that we had seen prepared.  I know I will make the recipes, but do think they should give you a certificate right then rather than holding it hostage for a picture of you with a recipe made.  
I would never have tried making pralines before watching it done, but now, I think I could do it.  The tips on what bread to make for the pudding and how much milk to add were really helpful
Overall, it was a great experience and I would strongly recommend it.  In fact I did tell several people over the rest of our trip how good it was!We attended the cooking demonstration with Harriet, and it was officially the best thing we did in NOLA!! We couldn't have been happier, and the food that Harriet cooks is to die for! She's also one of the most funniest, friendliest and enjoyable people we've ever met. For $30 this is an absolute steal! 2 hours of such enjoyment and a delicious meal at the end of it!
Not to be missed!! Ask for a class with Harriet!Last year when we visited the Big Easy we fell in love with the food and brought back all kinds of spices to try and recreate it. Our attempts never came out the same so this year we found the New Orleans School of Cooking. The classes are cheap and you get all the recipes printed out to take home and try. The teachers are fun and engaging. Our teacher reminded me of Paula Dean. She was hilarious and gave us an informative history of the area and influences in the cooking. You get to sit back and watch the cooking process in big mirrors above the stove at the front of the room. Iced tea, lemonade, water and beer are served. At the end you get to eat everything so go hungry! After class you can buy all the spices and supplies in the school's store. It was awesome to finally get some directions with all those amazing spices from New Orleans! Now my big issue is figuring out where to buy Crawfish in Maryland for my etouffee!I took this class with my mother on our recent trip to NO.  We loved it!  Our teacher Sondra made the class fun and easy.  She taught us, not only how to cook the dishes, but also explained the history behind each dish, and its cultural significance.   I had no idea the the cuisine of New Orleans was so closely tied into the story of the slaves, the settlers and the immigrants that make up today's New Orleans residents.   Sondra also cooked a hell of a gumbo, jambalaya and bread pudding, which we happily ate at the end of the class.  It was a wonderful experience, and I recommend it to cooks and non- cooks alike!Chef Micheal gave a wonderful historical tour of New Orleans all the while preparing Crab and Corn Bisque and Chicken Creole, pared with Abita Amber. Got to love the butter and real cream, can't wait to do another one of these types of dinners.  Oh almost forgot the Pralines were the best!Great fun and great food!  Chef Eric was a terrific teacher. We created a wonderful meal with his expertise. Thanks for sharing your culture and cuisine with us!I loved loved loved this place. Going in I no idea what to expect. What an experience, I would highly recommend this place to any foodie. Me and my lovely better half went here on valentines day and had the experience of a life time.    We got a chance to make some gumbo, fried talipia with ratatouille and banana fosters with ice cream. The food came out wonderful with the great instruction and also got a chance to learn the history of New Orleans cuisine.What an awesome F'n experience!
I love to cook and love to eat. My wife doesn't enjoy either as much as I do, but she really enjoyed this class.
Our instructor, Kevin, was fantastic. Don't hesitate to bring someone along even if they don't like to cook. Everyone had a great time.
The food & recipes are excellent, I can't wait to try the jambalaya recipe.I did a 10 am class, which featured jambalaya , gumbo , pralines and bananas foster. If you can i would sign up the day before class starts to ensure you and your party get the class you want. If you go to their website you can print a $3 off coupon. After being seated you are given a lovely perfectly cooked biscuit!  Our instructor, Pat was great. Funny and warm, she gives a very thorough NOLA history lesson. The gumbo was wonderful, and she gives great tips and advice on cooking all the food. BTW she does all the cooking, a couple of people at our table thought each person would be at a station doing all the prep and cooking. There will be pitchers of water and iced tea at your table, with coffee and lemonade offered as well. The class lasted for a little over 2 hours so be prepared.  Around 11ish as the first of the food is about to be passed out to you, a pitcher of Abita is brought to your table. Overall a real nice experience and I would definitely recommend.