My girlfriend and I came to try this place (we were on a short Vacation) because they had a Groupon deal, $30 for $60 worth of food. We were seated immediately in the courtyard (which has a very nice ambiance). My girlfriend had Red Beans and Rice and added some grilled chicken and I had the Blackened Red Fish which came with really good green beans and a roasted potato mix. The food was delicious, better than any other Creole place I've tried, it seems worth the full menu price. We also shared a Voodoo Juice which tasted pretty good and felt kind of strong. The only thing we had wished is if there was a side salad option. Unfortunately the meal was too large for my girlfriend and our hotel didn't have a fridge and microwave so a lot went to waste.
For dessert, the server (Cliffton I believe) had given us a complimentary bread pudding and we ordered a key lime pie, both to go. We ate them later at the hotel room and they were both very good, the key lime pie was more like a layered cream cake, it was very tasty. Overall, the service was excellent and the food was amazing, I can't recommend it enough for a nice evening meal in the French Quarter.Do not go here!! Food mediocre at best.
Service terrible.  The waitress ignored us, bottle of wine delivered after our dinner.
Did not eat my meal  was not hot and not good. Talked to manager, to take off meal.  Waitress came back and literally throwed the check at me.  Find another place to go!!!!Over priced for mediocre food. Wedge salads were over dressed without any visible bacon. My redfish ponchatrain was salty with frozen green beans and salty breakfast potatoes. My gf returned her strip steak due to a terrible vinegary Demi glacé. Honestly, worst food we had and the most expensive. 
In addition, the man at the door was over bearing and the manager was underwhelming. Poor experience over all.Great great great char broiled oysters and superior service from Eric. Pretty court yard dining with a lovely breeze. It doesn't get any better in the Big Easy!  Loved it! Excellent!The jambalaya, red beans and rice, and red snapper is so great. You can't go wrong when ordering thisWow Lunch was simply AMAZING.I had purchased a Groupon  before my short visit to New Orleans because after reading the reviews I was determined to find out why almost everyone only had great things to say about Creole Cookery....SOOO Happy I did eat Lunch at this location.We ordered the Crab Cake and it was succulent,we ordered The Calamari and it was Yummy ,we also ordered the Jambalaya and it was simply delicious.What a great Lunch we had before our Super City Tour.I highly recommend Creole Cookery to anyone who is into spicy,tasty Creole Cuisine.We had a Groupon so we came while on vacation from Los Angeles. So glad we did. Best meal we had in nola, Just what I wanted to experience here. The restaurant is very nice we sat outside by the water fountain. Our server was very nice and charming and even tho we came late before they closed we felt no rush. So the FOOD: portions were big I got the crab and shrimp boil it comes with a fat sausage,potatoes and corn (beware it can be a bit spicy for some) the crab was very meaty and perfect. Mom got the "taste of new orleans" which came with 4 separate small bowls of different dishes, full of flavor and spice I highly recommend. And the hush puppies were really good very authentic. We left feeling a high you get when a meal just really satisfies you.We have walked by this place several times over the last few months.  Somewhat new, it never was our destination, yet every time we we passed we were in agreement to try it out. 
First impression was great, clean, cool, great atmosphere with a haunted past (ask your server).  
Service was prompt and professional. You could tell they are proud to work here. We ordered the Cajun Fried Pickles and a couple of beers. The pickles were better than any I have had. They tasted like they were house made pickles (vice from a jar) the batter in a Cajun seasoning then fried just right.  Very good!
I took a quick walk around the place; live jazz, beautiful courtyard, quiet dinner area and a lounge can accommodate most occasions. 
Since this was a starter for our dinner (reserved elsewhere) we didn't order an entree. We are going to come back and give this place a try! If the dinners are as good as the apps, this place may have earned a 5 star from me.
And they didn't charge us for water.First off I wanted to start by saying how friendly and inviting the staff were to us on our visit. The service was excellent and the food was good. Plates are big enough that they could be shared if you're looking for a smaller lunch. 
DanielReally fantastic food, solid drinks, and mellow atmosphere made this an easy place to love! I enjoyed my redfish with pecan breading: sooo tasty, well-seasoned, and HUGE! The sides were not throwaways, either. The roasted potatoes and green beans were delicious! I had a "Big Easy" drink, which is rather like a "Blue Hawaiian" at most Tiki bars, and it was generously prepared. Hubby said the fried catfish was the best since he visited a place in Leimart Park (Los Angeles) years ago. That's saying a lot, because ever since then he's never found a fried catfish that compared to that memory until he visited this place. We went around 4:30 on a weekday and were seated easily. Note: eating in-between meals in NOLA is a really solid plan, plus the food is so filling you generally manage to save some dough. That way, you can splurge on good meals like this one!Great service ,fantastic atmosphere and the food is delicious. Recommend the Bourbon street comboStopped in here quite by accident after being frustrated with several failed attempts to get seated at several other places. Glad we did had a great time.  I had 3 dark and stormy cocktails total 39.00 @. 13.00 each pretty pricy.   The rest of our crew had beer so the rest of the drink bill was good.  It was a rather comedic place with the banter behind the bar which is where we sat.  Came in at 3:00 or so and the first bartender we saw said happy hour starts at 4 we saw the sign on the way in that said during game time.  A basketball ball game was on so we asked the waitress and she said no not til 4 well the shuckers name was Irvin or Ervin not sure of the spelling-he said gruffly the sign is out- It starts now!  So we happily ordered our several dozen oysters fresh from the shell to the plate to the grill, or raw.  Grilled oysters 1.00 each raw .50 cents each. Ervin appears to be a master shucker he taught us how to shuck and what to watch for of the oyster is no good.  Great time.  The guy on the grill was named Kendel Morgan he was very engaging and kind and was really interesting watching him work very precise with each freshly shucked oyster that was put on the grill.                     Several oddities this place is huge so waiters came up from the back patio to order oysters and some were just verbally giving the orders and some were giving little papers with the orders.  It seemed confusing.  I was sitting at the end of the bar and as Kendel was plating the oysters the waiters in the back were coming to get them. On 2 occasions 2 different wait staff yelled at another wait staff about not taking their oysters.  It seemed highly unprofessional but it was quite entertaining.   We stayed a long time to watch the parade and second shift came on.  It was then a madhouse bartenders only waiting on the right side of the bar.  Major congestion the oyster plating area now tended by someone other than Kendel was having cooked grilled oyster orders sitting one time for at least 10 minutes which surely were cold by then.  Another order sat there and a guy from the street that had been waiting for a beer just started chowing down on oysters waiting to be picked up by the waiters.  Seems to need some better management after 4pm it turned into chaos and we left then.  Will go back!The food was incredible, the hostess (black female) not so much. We walked in and her wiping down the menus with alcohol was more important than greeting us. When she sat us she walked off to the table put the menus down and walked away without saying a word. She was already walking away before we had made it to the table. I watched her do it to other customers throughout the night. We all have bad days, but you've got to learn how to compartmentalize things and not let them flow into other areas of our lives.  If it's not that, then she just needs to clean her attitude up or find something that makes her happier. The Pork and grits were amazing!!!!We had a Groupon so we came while on vacation from Los Angeles. So glad we did. Best meal we had in nola, Just what I wanted to experience here. The restaurant is very nice we sat outside by the water fountain. Our server was very nice and charming and even tho we came late before they closed we felt no rush. So the FOOD: portions were big I got the crab and shrimp boil it comes with a fat sausage,potatoes and corn (beware it can be a bit spicy for some) the crab was very meaty and perfect. Mom got the "taste of new orleans" which came with 4 separate small bowls of different dishes, full of flavor and spice I highly recommend. And the hush puppies were really good very authentic. We left feeling a high you get when a meal just really satisfies you.THE BEST FODD IN ALL OF NEW ORLEANS!!!!! I have searched for what imagine to be the most authentic creole food you can get and this HAS to be it. I will continue to visit this establishment every time I'm in NOLA and it has yet to disappoint. The crab cake appetizer is TO DIE FOR!!!!Beyond question - you MUST get the grilled oysters (Heaven in your mouth ). We were in the bar during happy hour and all the appetizers are half price. The flavors are immense - Enjoy.The food was good, but the service was AWFUL! It took 30 mins to get appetizers and 1 hour to get our food. All the tables that got seated and ordered their food way after us, had their meals and were done eating by the time we got our food. Our water glasses were always empty and we would have to flag our waiter down for water. Our waiter would disappear from our section for 3-5 minuets at time. Also, he took my empty glass away and didn't even offer my another drink. Like what? Don't you want my money? Worst service we had during our time here.Excellent Redfish and crab which came with potatoes and greenbeans.  You can get it fried w pecan or blackened. They have 2 pound lobsters.  Specialty is oysters and std NOLA fare jambalaya gumbo etc.   Gumbo was very good.While most of the experience one has at a restaurant deals with the food, there can always be a subjective judgement on the part of the reviewer because of a mistake or a failed palate coordination between the customer and chef.  There is NO excuse for failed service at a restaurant as this is something that all good restaurants must provide in order to even meet minimum standards. 
On the evening we went we were seated in the patio by the hostess in a corner over looking a fountain and supplied a menu.  We were told our server would help us shortly.  The hostess sat two additional tables near us in the next ten minutes, and we were still not approached by a server even for a drink order.  The other two tables did in fact recieve service and had their drinks when we asked the hostess if we were neglected.  She said she was sorry and would immediately repair the problem.  She did in facr speak to a server who promptly disappeared from the dining area.
After several minutes more, about 25 in total, we got up from the table and began to leave the dinning area.  The hostess showed signs of surprise and asked where we were going.  We explained to find a restaurant with service, to which she had no reply.  At the front door the greeter, cannot be called a maitre d', thanked us for coming at which time we explained our frustrations.  He offered a free drink but we were well beyond being placated by a drink which may never have been served.
Dining should be a leisurely patient enjoyment of food and drink.  This place needs servers whose watches work and who can understand the meaning of service.
Never again for us, and a warning to all who read this.Try the chargrilled oysters-they are EXCELLENT! We sat at the bar and the people are awesome! Fun place and great food.This place was delicious & had a live entertainer - Spring! He was the cherry on top to a great find!Of all the places that I have eaten at this past week, this place is by far the best. It has good prices and the food has that New Orleans yest. I am not a big Creole kind of guy but my family is so we went here. I had the Vegetarian Jambalaya was just awesome. This is usually a dish that most places dont do or if they try they murder it. I want to go back just for the jambalaya.It was Sunday evening and all the well-known palaces of New Orleans cuisine were closed.  I was wandering looking for someplace for a final meal of local specialties and passed this place.  Its window menu seemed to offer what I was looking for and though it was in a touristy area and not much indistinguishable from the usual tourist traps, I went in based on earlier reviews here.
They had a jazzy singer belting out classics who was pretty good but I judge restaurants by the food and ambience, not entertainment--truth be told I prefer quiet dining but it would be unfair to deduct stars for what may actually be an attraction to many.
I was seated in the nearly empty room.  Perhaps 2 or 3 other tables were occupied.  My waitress, a sweet older lady, was very pleasant and attentive.  I ordered the red beans appetizer (unusual as an appetizer, it seems to me, but I love them) and they were OK though not special.  They were in an appropriate (for an appetizer) small portion, served in a cup with rice at the bottom (like the fruit in a single serve cup of yogurt) which I didn't immediately discover.
I followed with barbecued shrimp.  These are delicious but not for the mess-averse.  They traditionally come with heads and shells in a delicious spicy creole sauce, a bit more piquant and tangy than that used for shrimp creole.  One must peel one's own (or pull off the heads, then eat them shell and all--which some do but not this diner).  A paper bib is offered, as with lobster in some places, and so is bread for sopping up the scrumptious sauce.  Anyway, the dish in this establishment was well done.  The sauce had the oily depth probably attributable to the fat contained in the shrimp heads which Paul Prudhomme demands be used for the stock on which shrimp creole is also based.  And it was otherwise well spiced though not "spicy" in the "hot" sense.
Since I was terminating the eating binge that any trip to New Orleans must be but had not yet had any beignets, I skipped dessert here and headed to the nearby Cafe du Monde.  Total tab with ice tea to drink but not counting tip was $40.  The barbecued shrimp are among the priciest entrees on the menu.I've come by twice this week! Highly recommend the baked oysters and blackened redfish. While you're at it, try the Hurricanes, I tried all categories and they were amazing!We were eagerly anticipating dining in this restaurant.. The reviews, blogs, etc.. seem to indicate a wonderful time dining here. Unfortunately, the food was so-so. BBQ shrimp was overlooked - reason why the shell sticks to the meat. Been to a lot of area restaurants already and their "Taste of New Orleans" has no taste at all.
The dining experience ended with a bill more than what the menu, handed to us on our way in, stated. They said "it was an old promotion menu". Clearly that was no customer's problem but theirs. The least they could have done was to honor the "old promotion menu". 
Am not from New Orleans but next time I'm here, this is NOT the restaurant I will visit.Fantastic food - we had grilled oysters, gator bites and fried pickles. 
I was honestly impressed by both! I also need to mention Sydney - she was our server at the bar, and I thoroughly enjoyed her service! Very personable and attentive. 
Good happy hour deals. :)The best place I've been to for a real taste of New Orleans. Make sure you get the taste of New Orleans dish it's amazing and the service was exceptional. Ask for Terrence we will take great care of you !!Maybe it's because I'm from the Midwest or maybe it's because this place's jambalaya just wasn't good but I don't understand what all the fuss is about.
Service, ambiance, and appetizers (fried pickles, hush puppies, and crab cake) were good but the mains were disappointing. I also don't understand why the vegetarian jambalaya was more expensive than the original meat version. When I asked, they said that vegetables are more expensive than meat...
I'm super bummed that we chose this place as our nice creole dinner for our trip.We sat outside here and it was lovely! Great food, we had the taste of New Orleans and I loved the Jumbalaya!! Drinks were also wonderful and we were seated right away. We were hoping for live music but that seemed to be inside only. The atmosphere and service overall were great.Short on time with your New Orleans edible bucket list in hand? This is your jam. The shrimp creole and fried alligator are yummy!Ordered steak for me and broiled fish for my wife. The food was cooked right but we both thought way too much salt on both dishes. Of course that's a personal preference, so another person may like it that way. Vegetables were very good. What sets NOCC apart is ambience and service. Our waiter was absolutely on his game. There was a jazz group playing in the courtyard that was very good as well. 
There were only two of us but I would say that this would be a great place for a large group event. It's spacious and has a lot of tables. The staff are all very friendly and customer oriented. I gave it 3 stars this time because of the salty food but I will probably go back again to try something else. All in all I think New Orleans Creole Cookery is worth a visit.My husband and I had dinner reservations elsewhere but were walking down Toulouse Street looking to grab an appetizer and a drink before dinner. There was a man in front of The Creole Cookery who grabbed our attention and told us to come in and have a look. We didn't want to seem rude so we did and were kind of whisked in and sat down in their dining area to watch the entertainment. 
I had been craving oysters and this being my first visit to New Orleans, knew I had to try some. I ordered them here on the half shell with a vodka tonic. 
These were the biggest and best oysters I have ever had! I wish I had taken a picture but I scoffed them down so fast, I didn't have time! My husband doesn't even like oysters but had to try one when he saw the look of ecstasy on my face and he even he had to admit they were tasty! 
After I demolished the oysters I ordered a Creole Coffee and it was very good. 
The entertainment was amazing and the service was pleasant. 
I wish I had discovered this place before our last night, I would have gone in for more oysters!Loved it!  They made my husbands birthday perfect.  Great food, friendly people, even live entertainment.  They recommended the  boiled seafood bucket and it was a hit!  The biggest lobster tails I ever saw, and the oysters are huge too.  I recommend them for  parties as well as just a date night.First let me start with the door guy. Very welcoming and had me very excited to come in!  Our server was the best. He took pictures of of us, he made us roses from a napkin, and even gave my friend a pin and some dollars for her birthday. He made great recommendations for food and I had the shrimp creole. Very large portions and very good. This is my new favorite New Orleans spot and I can't wait to come again. Don't forget to check Groupon.  I had $60 worth of food for $30.  That's a greatttt deal.Excellent! Had the shrimp n grits and char-grilled oysters. Honest to God - One of the best meals I've ever had.Happy hour was great. Chargrilled oysters $1.00 each, raw 50¢, from 3-6pm. The raw bar is right there, fun watching them shuck the oysters.. The service was very good at the bar. The drinks not as cheap as the food but they were good. I had the house bloody Mary at $13.00. Strong enough to feel it and tasty. Near the river on Toulouse streetThis was our last dinner in NOLA and one of the best. We were seated in the courtyard, which made for a lovely atmosphere, and our server was excellent, very funny and knew how to engage with her customers. I had the redfish almondine with veggies, all extremely good and more than filling; I couldn't quite finish everything, and not for lack of trying. A bit of a splurge, but more than worth it, and we would definitely go back if we get down there again. Next time we'll save room for drinks and dessert.$0.50 raw oysters, $1.00 chargrilled oysters everyday from 5pm-7pm. Great service! Bartender Nathan took care of us at the bar. Reggie took care of us shucking oysters. I wish we stopped here first. We would have been here every day. The chargrilled oysters at Le Bayou were too small. Here, the oysters were fat and creamy! Best bang for the buck. Service was much better here than at Le Bayou. Highly recommend!Delicious food! Great atmosphere and excellent service. Ordered the vegetarian jambalaya. It was so good, even my non-vegetarian companion enjoyed. We even ordered seconds. Our waitress was really attentive as well. There was also live music. It wasn't too loud. Just right. You could still have a conversation without having to yell. The performer could sing, dance, play the piano, and play the clarinet. Felt like a super authentic New Orleans experience. Bathrooms were pretty decent too. I would definitely come back.We went for Happy hour on 6/28/16 because my daughter had a Groupon for $40.00 worth of apps for $20.00. We had just finished a VooDoo tour and thought we would give it a try. 
When we got in the Bartender who was female seemed nice and friendly but did not want to work very hard. She said that since we were sitting in the Bar area but at tables she would get someone from the restaurant to serve us so if her bar got packed she would not be too busy. Turns out she had only 3 customers the entire hour and a half we were there. Oh well if you do not work you don't get tips.
Only half of our group who left the tour early were seated so we ordered 3 app and drinks. We got the Gator sausage, umbo Gumbo and Calamari. It was all very good but our server was an older man and he seemed to have an attitude. After we ordered drinks he came back and said each adult would have to order a drink to get the 1/2 apps during happy hour which we had already done. So with the Groupon and the 1/2 price Happy Hour our apps were 1/4 the price and you can't beat that. Once the rest of our group arrived they ordered drinks and I got a dozen Charbroiled oysters. They were very good but not as good as the originals at Drago's.
The drinks and apps were all well worth the price paid but the wait staff needs to be a little happier about their job. The only exception was the very nice guy shucking and cooking the oysters. He was a great guy and promised us we would like the $1.00 oysters. He did not lie.Awesome! Amazing place, super friendly and very fun. We ate in the bar and watched oyster master Kendell shuck and chargrill our oysters. BEST EVER!!! Food is not to be missed (especially those oysters....)With the live music and old charm this place was a win! Taste of New Orleans and the Shrimp and Grits were amazing! Will definitely go back!Beautiful venue and courtyard. Live jazz! The service with Shane was a great. We had bacon bloody Mary's, shrimp remoulade, raw oysters, red beans and rice and the New Orleans sampler. Every item was presented well and delicious. What a great late afternoon.Wow.. $$, food, entertainment ( this guy Spring was out of this world), outdoor courtyard was perfect. And to top it off (in reference to others in nola) my wife said the lady's room was perfectly clean and beautifully decorated.Had a wonderful experience at
New Orleans Creole Cooking!
Jazz brunch , beautiful courtyard,
Great musicians and exceptional food!The service here was fantastic the food was incredible. Sabrina made our time so great here. Will definitely make this a go to when we are in town. The oysters were fresh, the drinks were really good made just right.  The sitting area in the courtyard is definitely where you want to be they have live music the setting itself is really intimate yet very hip . Did I mentioned Sabrina's service was incredible she made our time there very pleasant she was very attentive to us and we left a pair of sunglasses there and came back the next day and she made sure to leave them up front for us.  Try the tour of new Orleans.I didn't know I liked oysters, but tried the charred ones and after the first six, ordered a dozen with my husband. Our waiter was Theodore and he was delightful. Since we were willing to try his recommendations we ordered the special of the night. Redfish, topped with crabmeat and shrimp over a medley of white and sweet potatoes. 
We shared that and plenty of food that was DELICIOUS. After dinner we asked to be moved to the room with entertainment. "Spring " was a one person entertainer that played the keyboard, sang and played different horns. Very talented. We had coffee and Key Lime pie to finish the evening. Heartily recommend it.Lovely old building. Environment, and music is reminiscent of classy old New Orleans. Food was excellent and very well priced. I had taste of New Orleans and husband had Cajun catfish. Hush puppies were not greasy soggy but crispy and perfect. Wonderful suggestion from our server was the pimms cup ( my new favorite drink). Will def come back!What a great restaurant. We sat in the courtyard and our waiter told us stories if the ghost upstairs. The food was incredible, I had the taste of New Orleans and my wife had the red fish, Both were delicious. One of the best meals we had during our stay and we had some really good food.Stopped here for lunch. The food was very good and the oysters were fresh. We had red beans & rice and shrimp creole. Everything had good flavor and were good size portions.On entering the building we were greeted by a kind gentleman who seated us in the courtyard. However, he did not give us menus but I assumed a server would be with us shortly. We just beat a rush as the courtyard quickly filled up around us. Group after group was brought waters and menus but we were left alone. It didn't seem to be a lack of servers, there were at least four serving the area. After five minutes I asked a bus boy walking by for some menus. I thought this would alert the staff to our presence and our lack of service. I was wrong. We were left with our menus for about ten minutes before I finally asked a server for some help. After that, the service was reasonable, our drinks were brought quickly as was our appetizer and meals. However, a different server did attempt to give us someone else's dinner. 
Service issues aside, the food was reasonable, I had the BBQ shrimp (which comes with a disposable bib, wet wipes and a warm towel) and my friend had the pasta. Both dishes were to our liking. 
Clearly there are some organizational issues with the joint but over all, it was a decent experience.Just order a dozen char grilled oysters per  person.  Anything less is uncivilized.  Also the drinks were well made and they had a oyster sampler plate that had 3 different types of cooked oysters and it was excellent. I've been back in LA for 2 months and I still daydream about eating at the creole cookery!Sorry to say that I would love to give this place four stars for the food, but the night we were there, the service was slow and inattentive.Okay...walked by after a great breakfast at Stanley Restaurant and saw the "Wednesday 1/2 Price Bottles of Wine" sign.  That's all it took...went back for dinner and we were blown away with the customer service, fun, wine, and the fire grilled oysters!  My husband is NOT a fan of oysters, but LOVED theirs. Went back the next night...same bottle of wine (full price & amazing) and more grill fired oysters!  This is on our list of must stops in NOLA!!!This was our first stop upon arriving in New Orleans. Found the restaurant by using Yelp and wanted something close to where we parked. The atmosphere is neat - the courtyard area has a very European feel. Unfortunately the service was extremely poor, we went nearly 20 minutes before seeing the waiter at one point and the restaurant was extremely slow. The food was decent, but nothing great. When the check finally came, we left a nice tip. Afterward I was doing the math and realized the waiter had already given himself a 20% tip (there were 5 of us counting 2 small children). I was very frustrated that the waiter got a double tip, and felt like we had been tricked. I would not come back here and feel like they are trying to take advantage of unsuspecting customers. Take your money elsewhere!!The service and food were impeccable! Angelle was friendly, gave great recommendations and was prompt with the service given. We ordered the Cajun calamari appetizer, crab cakes and redfish ponchatrain. All were delicious and will definitely be ordered again on our next trip. Everything was great from start to finish. Thanks again Angelle!Food was good but the staff was horrific!! The hostesses were dressed in sweatpants and the server argued with us about the happy hour specials posted!!! He also mumbled like he was stoned out of his mind. 
Even if food is good it is not worth going back after being treated the way we were. NOLA is too amazing to spend time here.Whaaaaaaaaa????????? Did I see a vegetarian jambalaya?!? Oh yes I did! It was fantastic! I wish it was spicer though. But I can't complain. Since this was the only restaurant that had vegetarian jambalaya for me. Yummmmm. 
I know being a vegetarian is missing out on the Louisiana dishes here. But no thank you. I was very satisfied with this meal. :D
Get the VOODOO DRINK!!!!!!!!! IT WAS GREAT MINUS THE COCONUT PART. HAHAThe New Orleans  Pasta was delicious.  The pasta had a wonderful aroma. 
We had a very large portion with toast.  The meal was pasta but the taste was so different from any other Cajun pasta we had ever had before.  This New Orleans made us say "hmmmmmmm." and or eyes roll back in our head.  Yes it was that good. !!!!!!  I also bought a slice of Strawberry cheesecake for my husband.  Well let's just say I should have ordered 2 slices.  The cheesecake  was moist , just the right amount of sweetness, and it was yum.  This meal was definitely an A+ in our book. Next visit we will try a different entree.We ate dinner here our last night of 5 nights in NOLA.  Sat in the court yard and enjoyed the great vibe.  It was the priciest meal we'd had but so well worth it.  I splurged and ordered 2 entrees because I couldn't decide between.  Heaven!  Husbands steak and lobster was absolutely wonderful.  (Don't forget to get your leftovers to go, the homeless are very appreciative of the give) We loved that the chef came out to chat and after a great meal and a cocktail (or 2) I gave him a big hug as thanks.  Highly recommend!Spent a week with friends and family in NOLA. Hotel recommended the Creole Cookery our first night (Friday). Food was amazing. The entire week everything we ate was compared to that first night. So, we came back mid-week to try different options (Tuesday night). Food was out of sight again.  We even came back the last night in town. Recommend the Red beans and rice, jambalaya, grillades and rice cakes, and the calamari. Every thing we ate was outstanding. I will be back and will recommend this place to everyone I know who visits New Orleans.Hate to say it, but this place should be better.
Wife and I ate dinner here last night, late March. We had a reservation and were promptly seated in their courtyard, which is truly lovely.
Very extensive menu, which was nice.
We ordered drinks. Mine was great, but my wife had to send hers back, as it had almost no alcohol in it. When returned, it was fine. Oops #1.
I ordered a starter, and my wife a salad. But the waiter, a very pleasant fellow, pushed for the whole order at once, so we gave it to him. He did not write it down, just memorized it.
My appetizer, shrimp remoulade, was not very good by NOLA standards. Minimal sauce-I mean, come on, it's a flavored mayonnaise, so not exactly expensive. I will say the shrimp were PERFECTLY cook and chilled, though for the price, I felt a little cheated in quantity.
They forgot my wife's salad. Oops #2.
When the entrees arrived, they gave me shrimp creole. I had ordered crawfish etouffée. Oops# 3. It was quickly corrected.  My wife ordered Oysters Dia Avolyo (pardon my misspellings). She really enjoyed her food, and while mine was pretty good, I felt it was a little short on the crayfish, especially as it is crayfish season, when they should be the least expensive.
Were we served some little baguettes of French bread, which were excellent.
Lastly, we ordered dessert: Bread pudding for me, and a peanut butter torte for her. The torte was excellent, and while the bread pudding was decent, it had obviously been heated quickly in a microwave, as parts were cool while others were warm. Not an oops, just sloppy.
Lastly, when the waiter brought the check, he forgot the bread pudding. Oops #4.  Normally, I am a stickler for checks being correct, and in fact, in the previous 3 days in NOLA, I had corrected 2 checks, once in my favor, and once in the restaurants, but this time I did not correct it, as I felt 4 mistakes in a simple meal order had earned me a discount.
In summary, a lazy/incompetent waiter turned what should have been a 3 or 4-Star review into a 4-oops litany of errors.
Lastly, a side note: while we were eating, a tour group came in for a drink at the bar. 20-25 tourists, all with tour badges stuck to their shirts. To me, this is not the sign of a great NOLA restaurant. Commanders Palace, where we ate the night before, does not have tour groups tromping through, nor does Brennan's, K-Paul's, etc.Jack and Spring are a dynamic duo!!!! Celebrated my birthday here and they made it one to remember! The jambalaya, char grilled oysters, and the cajan pasta is a must! And the French Quarter cocktail was great!!!We were a group of 5 ladies who actually had a great meal in the courtyard.  I got a sampler of different main dishes - delicious!  The waiter was very attentive and the musician was also great.  
Once I returned home, when I received my credit card statement, I found I was charged $30 more than the final bill amount.  I called the restaurant management and they took care of the issue.  My advice when in New Orleans: save your receipts and check your credit card statements!  I would have given them 4 stars if I hadn't been overcharged, and 2 stars if they hadn't taken care of it.Basically just horrible service . There was a moment where our food was placed right next to us and the server walked the food to a table farther away from us served them and then brought our food back ....they arrived after us and left before us due to service . We were asked multiple times by the server and what seemed to be the manager if certain entrees were ours and they were not meanwhile we still hadn't received our food ...food decent service horrible won't be returning for either ...maybe the oysters but we will be giving the at a shot at their service next time .New Orleans Creole Cookery
Almost walked by this gem of a restaurant but caught the courtyard dinning area's gas lanterns out of the corner of my eye. My fiancée has adored the look of these lanterns which many houses thought the city have and we were told they left them lit nearly year round to welcome people. We took it as a sign and tried the restaurant. 
The staff and decor were fabulous. We shared the crab cakes (4.7/5) and shrimp creole (4.5/5) and enjoyed every last bite. Not a bit of food was uneaten, although the bread was a bit plain in comparison to the rest of the meal. Both main courses were so flavourful but not overpowering. They had such great and balanced flavour. 
The waiters and fellow customers were all in such great moods and it made our last evening in New Orleans an evening to remember. 
To our neighbouring dinner guest, bon appétit et enchanté.The food and atmosphere was amazing!!! I had the chared oysters and fell in love, it was my first oyster experience.
The drinks were delicious and you totally need to get the bread pudding if you get the chance!
We went late evening and we got seated right away and got ti choose where we wanted to sit.The food was classic nola very good but I'm really giving 4 stars because of our waiter Domenic this young man was very knowledgeable about all of the dishes and sold us on his amazing descriptions. He spoke ok the food like it was made in heaven.  He really was a joy. Everything we ordered was good.That Happy Hour here tho! 
You have no excuse to not eat here for Happy Hour when in the French Quarter! 
$4 pints of Coors Light, but FAR more importantly... $1 chargrilled oysters and 1/2 off apps! Forget everything else. Just get you about 32 of these freshly-shucked chargrilled oysters (per person), and you absolutely can't go wrong.A great quiet haven in the heart of the French quarter. Food was delicious, service was amazing, the courtyard and live music were beautiful. This type of place is one of the reasons people visit NOLA. Get the Osco bucco and eat the marrow!Got in to New Orleans around 8 on Monday evening and by the time we got out to eat dinner it was about 9:30. This was right around the corner from our hotel so we just stumbled upon it. They wanted us to come in then I felt they rushed us because they were closing at 10. The food was ok...I got the red fish almondine. I wasn't impressed with the fish itself it lacked flavor and was a huge portion. The potatoes that came with it on the other hand were so delicious. The drinks were ok too, they had 5 levels of hurricanes. I hadn't eaten much that day so I just went with a 2 (the 3 would get you buzzed per the waitress and the 4 & 5 would f&^$ you up). My friend got a 4 and didn't really seem to affected by it. The prices were steep so I probably would not return here by choice.The host pretty much dragged a group of me and my friends off the street as we walked by looking for a casual restaurant to eat. My level 2 hurricane was watered down and tasted like Koolaid with cheap rum. Save your money and get one elsewhere, go with their wine instead. Their wine options completed the food menu. Service was excellent and attentive.
My one friend and I had the taste of New Orleans. Classic popular dish. Jambalaya and red beans and rice were really good and flavorful. Not the best but really good. Now let's talk about the crawfish étouffée... upon the first bite I knew something was wrong. Giving it a second chance against my better judgement I had a second bite. The crawfish was not fresh at all and smelled and tasted like it had been kept warm out on the patio for the past week. My friend agreed that his étouffée was awful. Totally spoiled my dinner and kept both of us in the bathroom for the evening, which is unfortunate because we shared a hotel room with one toilet. Mostly because I didn't want be an embarrassment and go "Chef Ramsey Hell's Kitchen style" in front of my friends and accuse the chef of trying to kill me, I didn't send the food back to complain and get something else. Was overpriced for the amount of food.
Two of my other friends in the group had the catfish and both remarked it was the best tasting catfish they ever had. In fact, one of the made a repeat visit later in the week for the same dish. This is the only reason why I bump it up a star.This is probably the worst food I've ever had twice and was forced to eat the second time.
Classic case of over priced food with no value.
Waitress was unprofessional. Ordered new Orleans classic . I got gravy and rice with crawfish tails.at$$$$ 22.00 $$$ with all honesty I need to open a cookery if this is what it takes to cookThis was my first visit and I will be back! Wes provided an AWESOME orientation to the restaurant! He made THE BEST French 75 on this side of glory and he offered some wonderful suggestions for food! He's the best! I will be back!Went over spring break, restaurant was empty, should have been a sign!  I was really let down by my fellow yelpers. I researched on yelp before I went and was mislead by the 4 star rating. Awful all the way around. From the street side "barker" to get us in, to the one man band playing music directly in the face of a customer trying to enjoy her meal, to the pushy waiter, to the horrible food. The hushpuppies were the only high point. Five diners ordering a variety of dishes. None were finished. I will leave with the only two words that need to be said to keep you away from this restaurant - explosive diarrhea!Found this restaurant on Groupon. It was very flavorful. The staff was excellent in meeting our needs. I do plan on returning on my next trip to New Orleans.The jambalaya was some of the best I've had, but it stops there. The bulk of their dinner menu was $25-$35; prices I would expect to pay at a high end  restaurant, but the service was anything but. The gentleman greeting customers (not a host, maybe the proprietor?) was a nice touch but that's where it stopped. Our waiter was visibly disappointed when we said we wouldn't need the wine/drink list and the service nosedived. Similar reaction when we said we didn't want dessert. I understand both mean more tips for the server, but we nearly felt embarrassed for only ordering entrees and skipping the frills. Not exactly how you want to feel for dropping that kind of change on less than spectacular food.Everything we had here was really good and the entrees were a good value as the portions are very generous. There were three of us and we had the Red Beans & Rice, Blackened Redfish and Shrimp & Grits and all were fantastic. Well seasoned, well prepared, extremely tasty.  They have a good (but a bit pricey) drink selection, including a full wine list. The Key Lime Pie wasn't exactly authentic, but still delicious. Very good service. Overall more than pleased with this choice.Great food, terrible service. The entire wait staff seemed disheveled. We were promptly seated and greeted by our server and placed our drink orders. I ordered a whiskey on the rocks and my girlfriend a vodka water with lemon. The drinks quickly came but I received a whiskey sour and her a vodka with lime. We then placed our order and the food also came quickly and was delicious. As we ate we watched the staff running around confused and the manager busing tables and serving food. At one point an entire tray of meals sat by the register for close to 10 min because they couldn't figure out who ordered them. Our server visited our table once during the meal and after we had both finished we sat there for almost 30 min before anyone came to check on us. When she finally came back we placed a dessert order for bread pudding and the server asked if we wanted "regular bread pudding or the bananas foster?" We said we'd like the regular bread pudding and a check when she has time. Another almost 20 min goes by and she finally returns with the dessert in a to-go bag saying that it took so long because they have to deep fry the dessert... at this point we didn't want to waste anymore time so we paid our bill and left with our dessert. When we got back to our hotel we opened the bag to discover a simple piece of cheesecake and not the bread pudding or even the bananas foster.
Again, great food but the service was bad enough for me to not recommend this place.Ok first of A.J, hats off to you sir..... We were in town on an impromptu mini vacation. Nothing planned but the hotel..... we were wandering the streets looking for a good place to eat.. A.J stopped us and say come in for some great food..
not very often you get the owner of an establishment to greet you at the doorway. So we figured what the heck.....
We were so so hungry, not famished.... so we ordered the gater bites and the fresh crab.....
Gater was a bit different than we were used to, it was a sausage type plate served on a bed of coleslaw... It was very tasty even though it was not breaded like we usually get... and the crab legs... cooked perfectly... the only draw back would be that they did not give you the crab leg cracker that you ALWAYS get... so eating these were a bit difficult to say the least...But flavor scored this meal a 4 star review, that and the fact of A.J..... 
All in all, this is A.J's best restaurant.....Atmosphere, ambiance, and great folks...
Note though, please do not be in a hurry... the wait staff is fast to get you in but a bit slow to get you out... Knowing that i would still return here for the wonderful food and atmosphere :)
Great job A.J, if we return we will be back for sure!.Great spot in the French Quarter. It is kid friendly and just friendly overall. If weather permits, sit in the courtyard it is AMAZING! The menu selection is quite large and the portions are too. We ordered the seafood gumbo, snow crab (kids men. The best place ever50 cent raw oyster shooters and dollar grilled oyster with a purchase of a drink? Fantastic, delicious, and great service!Food came fast and was good, it was on the pricey side though. Sue, our waitress, was quick and formative about the menu.Good service and Nice fried pickles; then crawfish étouffée that was fishy and tasted like a salt lick or fake bouillon with a heavy dose of heavy red pepper flavor blah!
Updating this review down to 1 star - got extremely sick after eating here - think the crawfish might have been bad in the étoufféeAte here for lunch right when I got to New Orleans after reading reviews-wait staff friendliness and solid food is what's making me give 4 stars.
My friends had REALLY yummy hurricane drinks (made with pineapple juice maybe?) and we had oyster po boys and grilled fish sandwiches. We chose to sit in the sun out in the back area, which was dumb, so we were HOT. Sandwiches were all really tasty, well flavored, and the ciabatta bread on my sandwich was fantastic. One star down because, while the waitress was very friendly and gave good recommendations, she was honestly a little pushy/selly to the point that it got uncomfortable.Waiters extremely nice. Catfish was fresh and tasty. We tried the alligator and the kids loved it. Had a good first visit.Had Jambalaya starter and gator bites. Gator bites were delicious with good portion for a starter. Jambalaya was done well. Very polite and accommodating staff with good recommendations. Even let me charge my phone. Upscale and higher on the price range. Environment is welcoming and scenic. Would go again to explore menu furtherI've been here maybe 15 mins and I'm already in love! Our waitress Sabrina is so bomb, she gave us great advice on ordering. The appetizers (calamari and oysters) came out quickly along with the drinks. If the appetizers are any indication of the entrees we are in for a great. Loving the atmosphere, decor, and the light music playing.We came in the right time (8pm) before it got busier. We were kinda full so we didn't order too much food to share. Everything we got was pretty good. The ambience is also good. However, the waitress seemed to forget about us and never checked in with us and she delivered the bread after our entree. My iced tea was gone for a long time and she came back when we already finished the food. We were ready to go and she's still nowhere to find. Was thinking to come back for the boiled seafood, but she changed my mind already.Great restaurant on our walk from cemetery tour. 
Gator bites were in sausage form and so good. Greatly in joyed my shrimp and grits. My husband got the shrimp creole. So good.  Don't try the cucumber refresher in less you are a gin person.I had the gumbo and the Taste of New Orleans. They were excellent! The hostess said they were a new place, opened in December 2014. They shouldn't have a problem being around for a while with food this good! 
I wanted a place where I could enjoy the nice weather today, so when I saw they had an open courtyard outside between buildings, I looked them up on yelp. They had good reviews, and I agree!The 5 stars starts with Will, our server. Without his wonderful personality, we wouldn't have stayed here. The hostess was a little off-putting, but Will sucked me in while I looked at the menu posted outside. 
He snagged us a table when none could be had,  was knowledgeable about the menu, and steered me towards the Boiled Bourbon Street Combo. It was as delicious as he described.
We finished with coffee, drinks, and desserts.  The Bananas Foster Cheesecake was delightful.  
I definitely recommend this restaurant and you should request Will.Food and service was amazing! Their calamari was soooo delicious- loved the spices in it as well as the spicy dipping sauce. I had the crab and shrimp boil. Cooked to perfection with yummy seasoning. I don't recommend their raw oysters, but I saw people eating the grilled ones and they looked so good. Our server, Brad was super attentive, even after I told him I had a Groupon. I just loved this place and want to go back over and over again!This was our first time here and the Food was absolutely amazing. The service was impeccable. The way the place is ran its a must stop if you are in the New Orleans area. The live jazz definitely sets the tone. The atmosphere and food alone holds true too it's reputation  of being one of the best spots in New OrleansCourtyard is beautiful. The food we had was pretty good but not the best - but we only got hush puppies and seafood gumbo. Service was pretty bad but it seemed like it was just us - he took so long to give us our check we finally asked someone to find him and he never once filled my empty water glass. However everyone else we interacted with was super nice! So I don't think this would be most other experiences but for me, gotta give it a 3.We just had the best lunch ever at this place off the beaten path!! There were 15 of us with no reservations! All the food was spectacular! All the traditional dishes were off the charts especially their blackened redfish!! Sam our server was outstanding and Chef John came out to check to see if we were satisfied!This place is perfect for first timers. The oysters are top notch. Service is warm and friendly. A little pricey but you get what you pay for. We will be back and highly recommend you try this place.Hole in the wall with good food and great service. I recommend the alligator bites! We had a groupon and it went a long way.Great ambiance, but the price of the entrees did not match the quality or taste. We visited while on vacation and this was the only meal we regretted during our 5 day stay. 
I really wanted to like this place, but my fiancé and I were really unhappy with our meal. We would have gotten over it had our bill not be close to $100. I honestly would not have paid more than $50 for it. I also didn't know there was a Groupon here until after we left 
I had to send back the Crab Étouffée part of my Taste of New Orleans meal because it was so salty it was inedible.  I have never sent food back, but the salt and fishiness was overpowering. The waiter kindly replaced it with risotto. I felt bad for doing it so I didn't complain and tried to enjoy the rest of the meal.  The red beans & rice and Jambalaya tasted like boxed meals. Not terrible, but not restaurant worthy. Shrimp Creole was meh. I joked that it was maybe my fault for ordering such a tourist-y dish. 
My fiancé ordered the Fettuccine Oyster Diablo - it was basically tomato sauce with garlic and oysters. Very bland and there were chunks of shells and sand in it. 
The gator bites, fried pickles and bread pudding were good. 
Overall it was an ok dinner, but I'm just agitated that the entrees were so mediocre considering the competition here and the price ($24 and $32). I've had much better dishes for less than $20 in the French Quarter.The BEST experience I've had so far while visiting New Orleans great ambiance, amazing food, outstanding service,  and Jackie is beyond amazing I believe I've received the best service I've ever had in any dining serviceCame here first time on a tour and got some history about bitter woman ghost love relationship drama and that was cool enough, but the small cup of Jambalaya and plastic cup of Hurricane drink was so awesome we vowed to come back again for a meal.
When we came back for lunch we had:
Hush puppies, fried wonderfully with a great dipping sauce on a pretty bed of shredded lettuce. I did not eat that lettuce. :)
Chicken & Sausage Gumbo, seasoned just right with a soft mound of rice...thinking about it now. Mmmm. :)
Fried Pickles. It was better than I've had, but wasn't really my thing.
Tase of New Orleans. Jambalaya, Crawfish Étouffée, Shrimp Creole, and Red Beans & Rice sampling. Enough to share, and overall good. I can't eat shrimp, & don't like beans, so my sampling was limited. My friend enjoyed it. Catfish Decatur looked wonderful and since I had already had the Jambalaya, I didn't sample that. My friend enjoyed it a lot.
Service was great, place was spacious, waiter was funny and kind & attentive. No one else brought up the ghost lady again. :)Had a great experience dining here tonight! The service was fantastic and the food was delicious! I had the creole red beans and rice with sausage and it was to die for! Gorgeous atmosphere too in this historic building! I loved this place!I am doing this business a favor by giving a star, they deserve 0 stars! While the food was tolerable, I think that my waiter crawled out of the 7th circle of hell! He disappeared for long periods of time and would be nowhere to be found even though the restaurant wasn't that crowded! I literally got ZERO refills on my water throughout the whole meal. We had to ask not once, not twice, but THREE times for bread. At the conclusion of the meal, the waiter took our credit cards and DISAPPEARED! We asked for them back when he said it would take a few minutes since he also had to deliver food, but he responded, "it's alright" and scampered back to the kitchen not to be seen for almost 10 minutes! Then he got back and DEMANDED we leave 20 percent. My bill was $23 and the service was terrible, so I left $2. He then PHYSICALLY would not let us leave until he received at least 20% on each bill! This is absolutely ridiculous! We were finally freed from the captivity, but the manager offered us nothing but an "I'm sorry, hope you come again." I would rather eat sulfuric acid than ever eat here again. 0/5 DO NOT GO!Wish I could remember my waiters name, he was super cool and knowledgeable. He recommended great choices for food. Can't wait to go back when we are in New Orleans!We had higher expectations of this place.  Food was just Ok...shrimp n grits was average - I've had better.  Crawfish Poboy was average.It's over priced food. Not at all for vegetarian. They have a couple of options but you will feel like they ripped you off once you see what they serve for the price. Service is fine, indoor stinks a little but that's basically seafood smell. Drinks are good.Ask for Kevin as a waiter! Amazing dinner and drinks. Highly recommend the voodoo drinksFor how the outdoor place was set up, I would say its OK but I find it kinda uncomfortable to have wet floor and the chairs unkempt. We went here to experience the taste of NOLA and we werent dissapointed with the taste. Except that the portion is too small for what you have paid for. This place could be more promising.Boiled seafood pot enough for 2 1/2 people.  Everything was awesome.  Music drinks jambalaya and of course filet.  So many choices we just randomly picked this one Yelp should be 5 stars.Omg! I bought a groupon and we came here for dinner the other night during our trip and it was delicious!!! The charbroiled oyster are to die for! I had the New Orleans pasta and wedge salad! I Almost licked the plate it was so good lol my husband had a steak and loved it! It was soooooo good! Very romantic spot with a great new orleans brick wall style.Came here for lunch on my last day in NOLA and it was well worth it. I had the taste of New Orleans which was big enough for 2 and gave you a sample of New Orleans favorites. I also went with the 3 oyster appetizer which was extremely good. Service was good and food was better. Overall great experience and would go back. Only negative thing I had to mention were the prrices were a bit steep for lunchOrdered the redfish almondine. Never had anything like it. Super crispy and flavorful from the sliced almonds crusted onto a hefty portion of fish. Side dish of mixed potatoes and squash was a tad bit salty, but the bananas foster bread pudding more than made up for it! Crispy carmelized crust blended perfectly with the bread pudding that tasted like it was out straight outta the oven! Service was excellent. Jack, our server, definitely "had our back" and he even entertained us with a few personal hair raising experiences from this haunted establishment!One of the few restaurants that offers a vegetarian option of a New Orleans classic...Vegetarian Jumbalaya! It was an amazing dish and really well priced, I made two meals out of it. Great atmosphere and friendly staff! Would definitely come back!Food came fast and was good, it was on the pricey side though. Sue, our waitress, was quick and informative.Came here on a Groupon with a friend and what began as a wonderful night turned into a nightmare because of this dingy waitress.  She seemed to be intoxicated but whatever her issue was, I wasn't having it and had to get some straightening, (that's my South Florida talk right there). Anyway, this being my first time here, we sat outdoors at the cocktail tables and it was perfect breezy weather which was nice.  He ordered the jambalaya and gumbo and I got the fried combeaux platter. For starters, they have their broiled oyster happy hour for like $.50 each but you can't use the Groupon for it because they're both discounted.  The food we ordered came out fast, fresh and it was very delicious.  I did enjoy the food a lot as did .  My combeaux platter came with catfish, shrimp and oysters served with heirloom potatoes & hushpuppies. The heirloom potatoes had carrots mixed in and they were excellent. Those carrots were sweet and oh so tasty. The potatoes were cooked just right as well. So I give 5 stars for the food but this aloof waitress had no finesse. She was doing the most by taking my menu from me when I asked about an item, looking at it as if she didn't know what I was talking about. She was very hurried and forceful in her recommendations, just the overall demeanor was pause for concern.  What really set me off is when we were checking out; I told her my Groupon was on my phone and she just grabbed my phone out of my hand (didn't ask) and I grabbed it back and told her that I let her get away with a lot this evening but you need to simmer down before you meet my alter ego.  She then realized the severity of the situation and apologized talking about she was nervous. Nah bae, you're drunk not nervous.  My buddy didn't like me scalding a waitress so we exchanged words.  Overall, the food was outstanding and I'm definitely going back. I did; however, leave her a very generous tip despite her behavior because she did check on us regularly.A must try if you're in NOLA!
Our server Sam provided great recommendations and we ordered the Taste of New Orleans and the fried gulf shrimp plate. 
Taste of New Orleans came with 3 cups, each filled over the top with jambalaya, crawfish étouffée, and red beans & rice. They were all AMAZING! The fried shrimp were juicy and covered in perfectly seasoned batter.
Sam was just all around awesome with his service!We ordered the crab cakes and the shrimp. We were dissatisfied with both entrees. This restaurant was hands down the worst compared to the other places we ate (oyster house, Deanna's, ruby slipper, etc). If you are in New Orleans please take your time to research, we wasted $80 bucks here and it put a damper on our trip because it was the last place we ate (limited options on Sunday). Honestly Willies was better if you are looking at total value.This is a cool little restaurant in the French quarter. Live music was good while I ate. Gator bites were a pretty good appetizer and both the jambalaya and red beans and rice were delicious. Red beans and rice was my favorite of the two. Portions were huge and there was plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day. Service was great. Would definitely go back.Thank you yelp for the great find!  We had late dinner reservations at a different restaurant so we decided to find a place for an appetizer and some drinks.  Yelp pointed us towards this place and we were quite impressed.  
First off to start, we sat at the bar and ordered a couple drinks, I order a Blanton's neat, and wow, what a pour!  Almost a good 3 finger pour there.  Next, from yelp reviews, we decided to order the char grilled oysters to hold us over until our 930pm reservation at another restaurant.  and wow, these were pretty awesome, especially the garlic toast that came with them.  We tried char grilled oysters from Acme and Bourbon House during our trip as well and I think I liked these the best.  The wife liked Acme better because the oysters were meatier there.
Overall, glad we made the stop in here for drinks and an appetizer.  The bartenders were very nice and attentive and were pretty cool to talk to.  So at the very least, I would definitely recommend that you can stop in here for appetizers and a drink!Food was great & the service was great!
I had the duck and it was very tender and went well with the chutney. I had one of their hurricanes and it wasn't too sweet as they can often be. They also have a great dish, the Taste of New Orleans, which was great because you got four different dishes in smaller portions.Came here tonight (4th of July 2016) and was greeted by two very nice men at the host stand. They gave me  the option of outside or in, hot day so we chose inside to dine. Although the courtyard was very beautiful. The waiter was very attentive and really nice. I can't remember his name, he had mustache and glasses. We ordered red beans and rice, jambalaya, and hush puppies. Being from Louisiana I'm very picky about my southern food and all three dishes were SOOO good!! I couldn't stop taking about it! I definitely recommend this place. You won't be disappoint. Very friendly staff, nice mangers, and the food was delicious!!! 5 for this place! Next time I'm home, I'm coming back!!The Jambalaya pasta was fantastic. It was extremely flavorful as well as perfectly cooked shrimp. To top dinner off, the pecan cobbler falls into an all time top 5 favorite dessert I have ever had. The black bean ice cream was the perfect compliment. Highly recommend!We went during Mardi Gras so this may not be reflective of their service throughout the year. Food was a bit expensive and slow. A friend and I split the vegetarian jambalaya  ($23), fried pickles ($7), and hush puppies ($9). I thought the taste of the food we got was average and I would only order the hush puppies again. My friend also got their signature drink, which was claimed to be less sweet and better tasting than a hurricane, but sadly it didn't taste all that great ($16). It was really hard to track down our waiter, but I honestly think that was due to the congestion of the holiday. Overall, I don't see a need to come back here when I visit again unless the flavor matches their prices.This restaurant saved my vacation.
I was on the hunt for some fantastic Cajun food and was super disappointed with a restaurant the day before, so I took my friend's advice and went here for lunch. 
So glad I did! The Groupon deal was definitely a lure but i really enjoyed my meal...plus my server (forgot her name) is AWESOME! The only cons were that it took a little long for food to arrive though it was only 5 customers in the dining room, and i didn't "love" my stuffed mushroom starter. But all in all I'd definitely go back.Delicious food. The chargrilled oysters were amazing. We sat outside. I definitely recommend it if it's not too hot. My boiled seafood plate was good but the potatoes and sausage portions were flavorless and undercooked.My husband and I were so surprisingly disappointed by this place. We stopped by on a group tour the night before and found the courtyard to be beautiful. We tried all day on our last day to find the restaurant again to experience the courtyard. We had almost given up when we stumbled upon it. When the hostess eventually directed her attention to my husband and I who are on the last day on our honeymoon. We asked if we could sit in the courtyard for a drink before our plane left. The restaurant was empty except for two couples in the almost completely open courtyard and a couple at the bar. The hostess from Vegas said "I'll pretend I didn't hear that because I don't want to get yelled at by the manager if you're only ordering a drink." We told her our plane was about to leave but that we would definitely look at the food choices. She then continued to shame us for being honest about looking to get a drink stating that "courtyards in the French quarter are not just for drinks." She then told us to lie to the waiter and pretend we had looked over the menu and just only decided on drinks. The last straw after we had sat down in the now empty courtyard was when she told us that in Vegas, where she was from, you would never just go to a casino and order a drink. After her constant belittling of our simple and honest question to have a cocktail in the courtyard which could have been met with, we can seat you at the bar inside, but we reserve our courtyards for those ordering food, we left without ordering anything with nothing less than a sour taste in our mouths.Food was good. Drinks were good. Had the New Orleans sampler and wife had the catfish. Both quite good. A bit pricey but it is in THAT neighborhood. One downside was the bread served was a bit stale. Waitperson was really enthusiastic and did well.Walking back from the Natchez Steamboat Tour and came across a sweet door man encouraging people to try Creole Cookery !! Glad we did!
Garlic Fries - Yummy
Char-Grilled 1/2 order - yummy x 100
Gator bites - didn't try but the girls loved!!
Nathan the Bartender has been one of my favs in the 3 days we've been here!!
Give yourself a treat & hop into Creole Cookery!!We peeked in 20 minutes before they were open, and as we were considering coming back in a few, they were ushering us to a table prior to being open.
The service was exceptional, but the food was out of this world.
The portions are huge as is everything in NOLA.  You absolutely have to order the crab cake entree.
It is handmade and not at all like the processed breaded ones you typically see.Walked to the hostess stand and the lady greeted us but was very dry. She asked if we had a reservation and then grabbed the menus and took us to our table. She did warn us that the waiter would take a while since it was raining. He came about 5-7 mins later. 
He was very friendly and attentive. Food came out extremely fast which was great because we were starving. We got the Red beans and rice with sausage, New Orleans Platter and the Pasta Orleans and the Cajun Calamari. Food was perfect. 
Towards the end our waiter did disappear for a while. We had to wait to get a Togo box and for the check. He is very professional but it was busy.
Overall good experience but food is pricey. Won't come back unless I have the Groupon again.This place looked great and the music was nice.  The food was ok - the trio was mostly rice and the shrimp and grits was very salty, but tasty. 
The $10 hamburger that looked like it came grime Costco and arrived burnt was awful. So we're the 30 minutes that my husband and I had our food and our son did not. 
The $15 drinks with plenty of ice were the kicker. We won't be back. For $10 more per person, we'd go to Nola next door.Visited this restaurant around lunch time on a Saturday. Our party was immediately seated due to the low number of patrons in the restaurant. We waited for nearly 20 minutes without a server even taking a drink order. The service is atrocious at this restaurant, there are many other good restaurants to choose from in New Orleans. Don't bother wasting your time attempting to eat at the New Orleans Cookery.Ambiance, history, courtyard with fountain or gleaming wood, glass, and brick dining room exceeded only by the delicious food and elegant staff, but patrons can dress as casually as they like.  The fish is exquisite, and you can even save $ with a Groupon.Couldn't be happier that we found this place. Our pup had enough of the Barkus Parade and we were looking for somewhere to grab a Po' Boy. WHERE ARE ALL THE TAKEOUT PLACES IN THE QTR!?!? We got lucky here - they have a beautiful courtyard and allowed us to sit with our dog there. A jazz trio was playing and my husband recognized 1 of the musicians from the Brassaholics. He was so nice and dedicated a song to us. The ambience was just perfect for a relaxing afternoon hidden away from Carnival craziness. I had a crab cake Po' Boy and hub had a burger. Both were great - this is a gem in the FQ!Went for dinner and really enjoyed the food. I made the mistake of ordering the hurricane from the main menu that has the food and not the cocktail/wine menu...it was cloyingly sweet like Hawaiian Punch. Luckily our server showed me the cocktail menu (there wasn't one one our table) and I tried their "original" hurricane which was good. We had Cajun calamari and would have eaten a second plate of that! I had the tour of New Orleans which was filling- I couldn't finish half of it but the flavors were great. We sat outside and it was lovely.OMG ! Everything we got was amazing.. After having a rough start to our trip .. Including a restaurant refusing to serve us because we had a stroller, this place was awesome. Our waitress couldn't have been friendlier dropping random knowledge about the city and being very attentive. The food was to die for!! We may just eat here the rest of our trip!!Used a Groupon and did apps after our paddle boat ride.  The hush puppies, alligator sausage and smoked oysters, and Cajun calamari were all really good.  Service could have been slightly more gracious.  Our server just kind of plunked the dishes down putting a dozen oysters right in front of my husband rather than the middle of the table.  No complaints on the food, however.We just came home from Sunday lunch at NOCC.  As a favorite chef of ours, Chef Alex Patout, has recently become associated with this place, we had looked forward to our first visit.
Patout is a real Cajun from Acadiana, and is famous for his delicate handlings of fresh sea-foods, especially our local crabs & shrimp.
First off; I asked our very nice waiter, point-blank, whether the seafood gumbo was from Chef Patout, or, was it "New Orleans Style"; and was assured that it was from Chef Alex.
The shrimp remoulade was old New Orleans style, and was very good.
"Gumbo", however, didn't even merit the name.  the first bowl was what I would call over-salted smothered okra in heavy tomato sauce, zero identifiable seafood.  I sent it back.  
What returned was more of the same, now with five smallish shrimp tails.  I have grave doubt that Chef Patout had anything to do with this.  
For those who are unfamiliar, "New Orleans style gumbo" could mean almost anything, universally BAD.  Chef Patout's New Iberia style gumbo is always just great !  I would never order gumbo in the French Quarter, excepting that this one had a known reliable Cajun Chef's name attached.
Lolly's "shrimp creole" was also tomato-sauce heavy, but much better.  Nice digs, good live jazz quartet on the well-decorated courtyard patio.  
The table next to ours, from St. Mary Parish, had similar opinions.
I suggest that the restaurant owner give Alex free-reign over the kitchen, especially the gumbo pot; and watch it improve.
Meantime, we're going to await knowledgeable reviewers noting improvement before trying again !  Sad; because the location, décor, atmosphere, and wait-staff seemed excellent.
Anyone seeking real Cajun food would do well to seek out some of Chef Patout's other ventures, especially the "Restaurant St. John" on Bridge Street in St. Martinville.
Remember, that as with all "Yelp" reviews, the local knowledge and familiarity with genre of the reviewer should  be given much weight.  
RickWhile on vacation, my sister and I were wondering around the French Quarter for a dinner spot. We stumbled upon this place, and three ladies coming out of the restaurant gave it rave reviews. We opted to sit in the dining room (opposed to the courtyard), as the night was a bit chilly. It was quaint.
Anyway, we had the red beans and rice appetizer. It was my first time having red beans and rice, and I'm sold. The dish was so G-O-O-D! For entrees, my sister got shrimp and grits, and I got the creole pasta. The servings were huge! We both really liked our food -- everything was so flavorful. My sister got a cocktail: poppy's voodoo juice. She gave it two thumbs up.
Our server (Penny) was a really nice lady. Considering her other table kept her quite busy, she still managed to be attentive to us.Lovely court yard dining while listening to live jazz. Ordered the cookery trio,
Taste of New Orleans & Steamed shrimp. While the food was good, it was a unanimous decision that we'd never order those dishes again. Service, while friendly, was on the slower side. I'd give this place 3.5 stars if I could.Steve and Wes gave us a great New Orleans experience. Delicious food. Charming conversation. Generous portions of the best food we had all trip. Blackened red fish and charbroiled oysters we to die for. We sat at the bar and you should tooFantastic meal.  I had the blackened redfish and it was absolutely awesome.  The seasonings were spot on with some spice but not so heavy as to cover up the flavor of the fish.  The wife had the snapper pontchartrain and again, a perfect balance between the sauce and the fish.  Our friend had the braised duck and he gave it very high marks as well.  
Portions are huge and they did not skimp on the quality of the sides.  The green beans were excellent. 
For desert, we had the bourbon pecan pie, bread pudding and the peanut butter torte.  Again, huge portions and they were all excellent.  Even the next day out of the fridge.  
I'll need to go back a few more times for different menu items, but NOCC is definitely a new favorite for French Quarter dining.Best BBQ Shrimp and possibly the best meal I have had in my life. Risotto, red beans and rice, fried pickles, music, ambiance it was all superb. Out of all the places we ate in New Orleans this was one of the places I was the least excited to visit. Be it the kinda boring name or i don't know but I just was not excited. By the time I had the first bite of my BBQ shrimp I had fallen in love. The BBQ is not like normal BBQ it is almost like a thick sauce that has shrimp and you dip a big piece of french bread in the sauce and soak it all up. It is fantastic! The only thing I would like to see next time is the Bar area in the room we were sitting in was not being used. The waiter had to go into the other room to get our drinks and I like to see them being made....small potatoes :) Still 5 stars!OUTSTANDING! We came here 2 days in a row. Sat at the bar and watched then shuck and cook their famous oysters. The bartender Tiffany kept the drinks flowing and was really personable. 
We had the Chargrilled Oysters... HIGHLY Reccomend ; blackened Redfish- really good- the potatoes were incredible; and the Crab Cake - it was well done and good flavor but too floury for my taste. 
The Oysters were the single best bite of food this trip. I even googled if I could take a sack home on the plane so I could cook them for the family at home.Great service, atmosphere and food.  I got the creole pasta and the crawfish ettoufle, with the Cesar and house salad!  Excellent!  The hurricane is sweet but the New Orleans tea was perfect when you don't want a sweet but strong drink!  Waiter was great and I was really happy, thanks to all for the previous review because it helped in my choice of food.Man, this place is GreaT!
5-7pm... $1 chargrilled oysters (some of best I've had).
Other great stuff... Any of the starts (half price 5-7).
Try the Crab cake -crazy great.
This is one local guy who found a new fave!!
Enjoy.Looked for a new place to eat on yelp and decided to try this place. The 3 of us stopped by Friday night June 23rd and were sat down immediately. 
I saw the court yard and asked to be sat inside bec of mosquitos and boy do I regret that. Once the doors opened I was engulfed in some incredibly LOUD jazz music thinking it was a nice band I look over and it was just a one man show. He played the keyboard and walked around serenading the ladies with his clarinet. It was just so LOUD we couldn't hear each other talk and literally were texting each other! This is why I took a star off and gave it 4 stars because besides the music our dinner was EXCELLENT! 
Our guest from Central America loved his fried catfish and shrimp platter. My husband enjoyed his fried catfish and jambalaya. He also ordered a dozen charbroiled oysters but that came AFTER our meal because our server couldn't HEAR! I had the fried shrimp platter and I LOVED the potato melody and shrimp was delicious. 
Our server was nice and attentive!This was a great place.  The chargrilled oysters are truly delicious.  Tiffany made me smile at the bar and was always taking care of us.  My son said the raw oysters were so much better than the ones he had at Myrtle Beach last week.Beautiful courtyard in the French quartets. Food is vintage New Orleans, great spicy Bloody Mary.Excellent example of a friendly local place that caters to tourists without pandering. Food is high quality, servers are professional and the menu has all the food that you came to New Orleans to enjoy. Shortcoming is the long line for those who failed to make a reservation. Great bar also.Great ambiance and service. Charbroiled oysters were so delicious that I wish we weren't sharing. Great seafood options on kids menu. Gumbo was perfection, also loved the crab legs and red beans and rice. Was not a fan of the jambalaya...too much rice, not enough meat. I also wasn't a fan of the strawberry romanoff... cream tasted curdled and not sweet and creamy. Bananas foster cheesecake was good but didn't taste like bananas foster, at all.During my recent trip to New Orleans I discovered this place. I stopped in for a drink and a few oysters so I just sat at the bar. the oysters were perfect raw and charbroiled.  This turned into a 2 1/2 hour venture the staff was so nice. the bartender as expected had the right balance in each vodka & cranberry. I had a blast talking to the guy preparing the oysters, and everyone else who came from the kitchen to talk to the girls from Delaware.....lol  Maybe next visit I will be able to try some of there other dishes. Great place to get the day started.Originally came here because we did not know where to go for food and this restaurant was close to our hotel.  This place ended up being our go-to restaurant.  Went there six times in four days!  I recommend that you sit at the bar if you are a tourist, like we did.  You get to talk to the oyster shuckers, who were all very funny and kind.  The oysters were delicious and very well priced.  I got both raw and charbroiled oysters.Disappointing. The reason I gave it more than one star is because my friend's blackened redfish was really good, and the courtyard setting was nice. The jambalaya was flavorless and consisted of reddish rice and one piece of sausage. I have has much better from a food truck in Seattle. Skip the doughy flavorless French bread. The only thing I was able to enjoy was the red beans and rice, which we refried beans over  white rice. The wine was good. Our waiter was distracted, messed up our bill (added an extra glass of wine, and I only had one). Won't go back.Excellent food!! They were very nice to accommodate 2 additional members to our NYE reservation. The veggie jambalaya was very good as well as the Taste of New Orleans. The best was creole shrimp pasta! 
The service was okay with this older lady as out server who came off a bit abrupt at times. But we loved the food and really indulged all the flavors!My etouffee was not good and I sent it back.  They kindly accommodated me with a salad instead which was nice but then I missed out on the reason I was in the French Quarter!The bartender Nathan is awesome!!!! Happy hour 5-7pm with raw and cooked oysters. So good and they will take care of you. Hurricanes and Voodoo juice tastes great and the to go glass is a keeper. You'll love it!So so good! Just had lunch here on our first trip to New Orleans. So welcoming. Great drinks!! Great food!!  Everyone was so helpful, between picking drinks to seafood platters. When it was time to go the chef came out and thanked us for coming! Fabulous service and even better food!!!Food was average but the service was terrible. We bit into plastic wrapping found in the Osso Bucco dish. The management team was not responsive to the error, did not offer any form of compensation until asked then offered half off.  Poor attempt for service recovery.  Note they also don't allow for split checks for large groups.We walked into this place and got a table right away. I ordered a drink and thought the ambience of this place was pretty great. Some guy was playing jazz outside which we heard loud and clear from inside. Waiter was really nice. He went out of his way to tell us stories of New Orleans and things that he thought were great on the menu. We were asking about the chargrilled oysters, but I don't recall any of us ordering them.
Anyways, seems as if we were waiting a long time to order. We were starting to put this place on a time limit because it was taking forever to order. Took us a while to decide what we wanted off the menu as well. Right before that time limit was up, the waiter came out with chargrilled oysters. All of us were confused and laughed a bit because none of us had ordered them. The waiter must have been confused when we asked about them. Anyways, we decided to take the chargrilled oysters and eat since we wanted them anyways. They were delicious. Drinks were delicious. Just one little mistake that could have been avoided was all, it happens. I'd go back to this place again.We got into town kind of late and we were hungry. Our doorman told us about this place. They sat us very quickly but no menus no water or bread or anything. They didn't have a lot of patrons so it was strange that it took so long to get any kind of service. They also had a lot of waiters so it didn't make sense. When we got our meals it was great. There was enough food for everyone, we all shared so we all got to taste everything it was very good. For eight people it was 140.00.I came here twice on my trip to New Orleans this past New Years and I really liked this place!
My first trip here was during happy hour at the bar and they had a special 50 cents per oyster and 1 dollar per grills oyster (orders of half dozen or dozen), which is freaking awesome! I'm not a huge fan of cheese, so I was only "meh" about the grills oysters but I thought the the fresh oysters were awesome!! I loved them and you get huge oysters for only 50 cents!!! Ridiculous! 
The star were also super nice and friendly. As we drank more, we burdened the bartender more and more (Sorry Wes (sp?)!!) but he had a great attitude and was cordial and nice the entire time! I also tried the Jambalaya while I was there and I had to say, I'm more partial to gumbo as it was not as "soupy" but it was okay. The drinks..... the drinks lol. They were a little pricey, but my friend and I got the "voodoo juice" because it was 12 bucks and refills were 8 dollars, which was a good deal. Yeah..... that stuff will get you drunks, especially if you go back for the refill! But definitely worth it. Really like the experience here so I came back another day for the meal.
I came for dinner with a few friends and we tried the alligator sausage bites and I tried the seafood gumbo.
The sausage bites were good, but I thought they tasted like chicken sausages to be honest. But the gumbo was great! The waiter was a little awkward but in an adorable sort of way. Ended up not doing the bar that day as I was still recovering from the previous day but definitely would love to back when I am in New Orleans once again! 
If you're in the area, definitely check this place out, especially for their happy hour!Love this resturant! Its the first place we went to when we arrived, the staff was amazing, atmosphere was perfect and the food was delcious. I still cant stop thinking about it. We loved it here so much we are planing our wedding reception here for October!Are you a foodie?  
If yes:  Proceed to different restaurant.
If no:  Go ahead and eat here.  Either that, or continue to eat at Red Lobster.  I hate to bash a place so hard for the food, but realize that "it's all relative."  What do I mean by that?  I mean, relative to how amazing the cuisine is in NoLA, you do not have time to spend at a mediocre place.  
So?  Carry on.We have been back several times since first visit; this is a great place, except for the gumbo.  Everything else we have tried has been good to very good.  I sent A.J. one of my gumbo recipes yesterday, as Chef Patout has moved-on..
Good place to duck-in for drinks & oysters during a FQ bar crawl.  Great to sit and watch foot traffic on Rue Toulouse, between Jackson Brewery Mall & Royal / Bourbon Streets clubs & shops.
Parking may be tight; we like to go on our bikes.
RickI'm more likely to rate up than down. That being said, the service was so poor that I have to rate this restaurant down... 
1. The napkins and tablecloths were dirty.
2. Their hurricanes were syrupy and didn't seem to be made with any actual fruit juice. 
3. Their food was mediocre: andouille sausage, crawfish etouffee, and shrimp and grits were not as good as most restaurants in Chicago (my home town).
4. THEY REFUSED TO ACCEPT MY GROUPON:  I checked with the waiter before we ordered and he said they would honor it, even though I arrived a couple of hours before their "dinner time", but when the time came to pay, I had to argue with him and management to honor the Groupon.
Needless to say, I would not recommend New Orleans Creole Cookery.This was a great lunch... The food was good the service was great and atmosphere was New Orleans at it's finest!! They were able to meet our parties finicky restrictions with ease !  I would go back anytime!!! Keep up the good work!We stumbled in here after finding our usual haunts too crowded. Great food great atmosphere. Wait staff a bit harried but they were hustling. Get the onion straws and raw oysters. Jeff had the fried shrimp and catfish. I had the gumbo. Yum! We'll be back!Went in and sat down immediately. Once we got sat no one came by. Im sure the place would be delicious if we got food. We decided to leave since our server never came.Best Jambalaya!!! My husband and I were in Nola for three nights and I regret not eating here every night! Each place after this was a disappointment. I got the Taste of New Orleans which is a good portion of the three main dishes: red beans and rice, jambalaya and shrimp étouffée. All were delicious. Drinks were good too. Clean, well air conditioned restaurant with great service.First time in New Orleans...great spot with live music. The chef came out and made sure everything was to our liking and there was no wait for a large group which was a huge plus! Only downfall was there's a no split checks rule but we figured it out.Everything was delicious with a very soothing atmosphere (classical jazz playing in the background)  We started with habanero calamari, chargrilled oysters and alligator bites all very tasty I normally do oysters raw but decided to try the chargrilled "no complaints" for the entrées I had the blackened redfish topped with crab meat which was absolutely mouthwatering my wife had shrimp with grits which was very was very satisfying to the palate my son had cajun pasta  and daughter had shrimp jambalaya both tasted great The service was excellent ask for Jack we had a great experience will definitely dine here againRude. The two girls manning the hostess station sat two couples without reservations in front of us while we were waiting for our table.While on vacation my BFF and I tried this spot out for dinner and let me tell you, this spot was a hit. From service to the food. I didnt care too much for the host though, she ignored us when we walked up and stood there to wait for her to seat us. She was having a conversation with an other staff while her back was somewhat facing us but enough to still see us and she just kept talking. The person she was talking to finally told her theres ppl waiting, that's when she then decided to seat us. 
Besides that mishap, everything else was amazing. Our waiter Aaron was awesome, gave us great service and suggested excellent dinner selections for us. He was extremely attentive to our needs, he didnt wait for us to request for refills. Our glasses stayed full the entire time. 
My BFF had calamari for an appetizer and I had the alligator bites, oh my goodness! The alligator was the best I've ever had, cooked to perfection. As an entrée  I had the shrimp and grits, which was also good as well. Im happy to say I was pleased with my entire selection. 
They had a performer there playing the sax, he was great. Kept the guest well entertained and was amazing on the saxophone. 
I can't wait till I return back to NOLA as this will be my to go spot from now once I'm in town.This was a wonderful place to dine. I'm kind of a food snob so when I tell you that the taste of New Orleans was really good, you should trust me. Everything in the taste of new orleans was delish!!!!! From the time we walked in we were greeted in a very pleasant way. The host was nice and our waiter Bradley was awesome. This place is definitely a must visit.
AdrienneCame in on a Groupon. Wife and I both had jambalaya which was excellent. First vegetarian jambalaya we ran into (wife is a vegetarian). Capped a nice anniversary lunch off with mimosas  . Thoroughly enjoyed the courtyard and the service we had was also very good. Two big thumbs up.I have to say I was hesitant about this restaurant when my coworker recommended it. I asked local people and they had no idea where this place was or knew of it (apparently it's been open about 6 months). I was extremely pleased we decided to check it out. 
We started with Charbroiled Oysters which were delicious along with the Jambalaya starter plate both were excellent.  
For entrees we went with the blackened redfish with crab on top, shrimp and Grits and a bowl of gumbo. 
Both were delicious well seasoned and perfectly cooked. It was so good that we decided to go back the next day this time we tried the cajun BBQ shrimp which was superb. If your in New Orleans you owe it to yourself to try. Plus it's about a block or 2 from cafe du monde so you can have some beignets for dessert.First of all, Wine Wednesdays, y'all. Even the Wednesday before Thanksgiving. So there you go.
Walking back to the car after Fried Chicken Festival, the gentleman at the door here traded my fresh baked cookies for the kettle corn I was carrying. Fast forward a few months, and my dad is in town and wants to go to a place he saw on Food Network. We couldn't get in there, so I said "I know a place! And they're very nice and have cookies!" While those cookies were incredible, they're nothing compared to the rest of the show in here. 
We were seated in the courtyard near the fountain - it was one of those weird cool days here! We ordered a bottle of wine from our waiter James, who was awesome except for the fact that he thinks Louisiana hot sauce is better than Crystal. (I don't argue with people about hot sauce but i do make a face...) It took us a long time to order - everything on the menu looked incredible - but James was patient and didn't make it seem like he was having to wait around for us. 
I was worried because my dad had come looking for one place in particular and then got the rug pulled out from under him, but he loved it. (He's very particular.) He got the Taste of New Orleans, a sampler of Jambalaya, Crawfish Étouffée, Shrimp Creole, and Red Beans & Rice and mowed through it. He's no slouch in the kitchen either and approved of everything. My husband got the wedge salad and Crab Cake Napoleon, and that was the most beautiful (and delicious) crab cake we've ever seen. No, seriously. 
My mom and I both got fried seafood - I got catfish and she got shrimp. So, you know how when you get fried seafood there's always a potato side and it's just filler trash? NOT THIS. NOT HERE. The catfish was clean and crisp, the shrimp were sweet and plump, but these yahoos can't shut up about the potatoes! We saw sweet, purple and new (or Yukon?? What was that white potato??) potatoes in the Heirloom Potatoes side and they were light, crisp, and incredible. You could taste each potato variety - it wasn't just a pile of potatoes all fried and turned to unidentifiable mush. It was a symphony. I'm so embarrassed about how much we lost it over those potatoes....also that I just said "it was a symphony." Jesus. Simmer down, Niles Crane.  
We talked with the nice man with the cookies on our way out. (There were no cookies this day.) When you have guests come to visit you and they want to go to the Quarter (and they always do) take them here. It's removed enough that it won't make you nuts, and in it enough that your guests will be happy. And the food is incredible and the ambiance is beautiful enough to make any day perfect. If you're visiting us, go here. Get off of Bourbon Street and see the rest of the Quarter and some of it's quieter streets. It's an easy walk, easy to find, yet tucked away.
Great food in beautiful courtyards is what keeps me in love with this city.It's very dark inside and you need a flashlight to see your food. The menu is full of endless varieties to full your stomach. I had the taste of new Orleans which gets you full. The banana desert and a sampler appetizer. know I will visit them again for more.I was looking for some vegetarian local cuisine. So we came across this place which served two dishes as vegetarian friendly. 
Service- service was horrible! 
We were seated immediately. We waited for 20 mins and no one came to serve us water or even ask us for our order. 
The tables around us were well taken care off. So when I saw the host who seated us I told her who is going to take our order and that we are ready to order food. She actually saw that we were just sitting and weren't even served water. She said she would look into it. No one showed up another 10 mins. So I saw another waitress passing by and asked her if she knew who was waiting our table. She went and sent our server. Our server's name was Dom and he started by saying sorry that the host at the entrance didn't  tell him about us. Mind you he saw us sitting there. I felt like he should have not said that. It was extremely unprofessional behavior. Looked like they both didn't get along. Don't take it out on customers. Then he said the drinks were on him for all that drama. We were not excited about free drinks , our evening was already spoilt. When he brought the drinks he mentioned the wine was on him but what about the other cocktail. Earlier he mentioned that drinks were on the house. It changed later. As we got our check obviously he charged my cocktail. But you kept both of waiting. So therefore over all experience sucked. 
Food- we started with some drinks, hush puppies and for mains we got vegetarian jambalaya and some vegetarian pasta. The hushpuppies were delicious (we requested vegetarian). The pasta was good but nothing great! I was expecting some different type of  taste. The jambalaya was much better compared to the pasta, was it authentic don't know it. It was a slightly  watery tomato sauce based compared to the meat ones which looks drier. It had squash, zucchini and onions. We really liked it. Although my understanding was it could have been a little bit spicier and flavorful in taste. The mains should have come with some bread which we never received on our table.
The restaurant is very charming. It reminded me of Europe! I feel the entrees are huge portions and  way too expensive. Locals can take away leftovers. But being a tourist I would not be interested in eating leftovers. They should do a portion control and reduce the prices. Our bill came to 80$ or so.
We did get our  food packed  up as I did not wish to waste it. We gave it some homeless folks around the square. Overall experience was worst! Do not plan to ever go back.  There are much better places to go.Our visit to this restaurant was one of mixed feelings. We were seated fairly quickly but to our dismay we waited patently for our server while the buzy tables around us were taken care of. The manager came by the table next to us to talk with the 2 women, looked our way  but said nothing. After about 15 mins. Someone asked if we were being taken care of we told them no. They said they would send someone right over. We waited another 5+mins. before someone else asked if we were being helped, again we said no. Finally a server came by took our drink and appetizer order. We received our appetizer and waited another 5 mins. for silverware. We ordered and received our meals which were good but didn't warrent the high price tag being the redfish with crabmeat had about 5 tiny pieces of crab I had to look hard for them amongst the potatoes. My wifes oyster dish was good and plentiful with oysters. Good food for what you get but service and prices need help.We just had dinner here this evening. The service was sub par and we felt the waiter was in a rush. He seemed as if he was doing us a favor by waiting on our table. The food was also nothing to write home about. Their prices are not commencerent with the quality of food. I also was disgusted with the cleanliness of their restrooms. The toilet seat was severely stained and unsanitary. I noticed a spoon sitting on the toilet roll holder (not sure why).Beautiful and very romantic feel. I had the pasta oleans which was a little spicy for my taste (I am very sensitive to spice) and my husband had pasta creole, both were very good and full of flavor! We also had the remoulade oysters and an appetizer, and I don't think I have ever had something with so much flavor in one bite! 
You generally need a reservation but thankfully we were able to walk in off the street and immediately get a table.2.5 rounded up. I came here with my family after reading the Elite reviews and hearing the Maitre D' tell us about how highly rated this restaurant was. While we were at first charmed by the decor, everything else proved lackluster. 
My sister ordered the Creole pasta, my dad had a Caesar salad, my mom had the jambalaya, and I had a Taste of New Orleans (sampler trio of jambalaya, red beans and rice, and crawfish étouffée). The Creole pasta and the crawfish étouffée were excellent, and the restaurant was very generous with the amounts of seafood added. Caesar salad was standard, and the jambalaya had a smokey taste without a lot of flavor that I didn't particularly like. I wouldn't want to eat an entire plate of the red beans and rice, and my mom only ate half of her jambalaya... So if anything, get the more expensive items as they may taste better. Go big or go home, I guess. 
Also--for a restaurant not even half full, they have pretty bad service. Our waiter was nice and funny and all, but we waited so long for our food and for his attention that it made us not want to tip (we still did though).
And dude, they charge you for water and never even offered to refill them once during the meal. What the heck.The food here was not terrible, but that isn't exactly a glowing recommendation. Staff also were not terrible. All in all, an unremarkable touristy spot to get mediocre New Orleans style food. 
I started with a seafood gumbo, which tasted like it may have come out of a can, and then moved onto jambalaya, which seemed a lot like Zatarans with a can of tomatoes added. That said, the food was hot, and the service was fast.The food was pretty good, if excessively salty. Be sure and check the check before you pay though because you will be scammed. I was charged $12 for crab meat that was part of the dish as described in the menu. As soon as I called the waiter on it he rushed to change it and was very apologetic. Needless to say, I will never go back. Decent food is not worth being robbed.Had a great meal, the seafood gumbo and redfish pontchartrain, big portions. Service was very good, and the courtyard very nice atmosphere but not at all stuffy. Accidentally forgot my credit card; I called the next day and they had it in the safe and mailed it to my home address.Hmm. Tried to go here for lunch after taking a really nice boat ride on the Mississippi.  As noted in other reviews, the dude at the door was very effusive and friendly, assured us we came to the right place.  He ushered us into the courtyard where the hostess station was.  The courtyard was about 1/3 full.  Without asking where we wanted to sit, she took us into the bar, where there were no customers at tables, and sat us in a corner.  Then we were ignored for about 5 minutes, until a server told us, from across the room, that he'd get to us right away.  He then proceeded to give menus to people at the bar, talk to them and stand at his station (not behind the bar).  We were ignored for another few minutes and got up and left.  No one approached us, no water, no menus, place was not busy.  I have no idea what was going on, but it was the ONLY restaurant in a week there that gave us a bad experience.  Everywhere else we went, we were treated to friendly, efficient service and excellent food.  We are already talking about returning to New Orleans, but not to the Creole Cookery.  No thanks.Great food but spicy even though we asked if a child could eat the pasta but for adults greatI can't exactly rate the food because no one would serve us!! My husband and I were visiting today and wanted to use our Groupon. Unfortunately the most we were served was water!!! We watched patrons arriving after us receive top notch quick service. 30 minutes later we left. I don't stay in restaurants and eat their food if I have a problem with service. So I'm not sure husband and I will return. I'll request my money back from Groupon.Gave this place 5 stars but it deserves 6.  I agree with all the good points in the other reviews.  I walked in trying a restaurant, I walked out feeling like I found my old friends.  Food, staff and entertainment all top notch.  A new restaurant I hope stays around.
joey dThis is seriously one of the worst restaurants I have eaten in.  I'm not a person who yelps negative reviews frequently but I would be doing anyone thinking of eating here a disservice if I didn't urge you to go somewhere else. Anywhere else. I'm not sure which was worse, the service or the food. We were seated in a room reeking of gas from the table lamps. We never acclimated to that strong smell the entire meal.  
We wanted to try some authentic creole cuisine. We started with ordering hurricanes to drink which tasted like rancid cough medicine at $10 a drink. We did not drink them. Our server did not ask us why we weren't drinking them. Our entrees were about $25-$30 a piece and tasted like a mediocre diner entree. The meal came out to over $150 for two people. For that cost our expectation was that is would be a wonderful authentic Louisiana cuisine experience. Unfortunately what we got was an overpriced and under quality experience. I have never spent so much money to eat so little of any of my food and not have my server even notice.  Do not eat here!This was one of the best meals we had while in New Orleans! As a vegetarian it is hard to find places that have  a meat free creole dish. The vegetarian jambalaya was seasoned well and it was a generous portion! Our waiter Terrell was phenomenal. Not only was he quick and attentive but he also provided excellent recommendations. I will be back next time I am in town!My husband and I decided to have our last meal in NOLA at this restaurant. The ambiance was nice romantic and the wait staff was nice and the food came quick. My husband had the taste of new Orleans, all of it was delicious! I had the seafood combo platter. Kinda wish I didn't... it was 29$ for a plate of fried seafood which was mostly potatoes. Considering we used a Groupon 30$ for 60$ the price wasn bad. We also had calamari which they placed on a bed of banana peppers causing a sour taste which I wasn't too wild about. All in all I give them 4 stars for ambiance and service.This is seriously the best restaurant in New Orleans. The most perfect dinning experience. the place is charming. The staff fantastic. The food is out of this world!!! The crab cakes were the best I have ever tasted. The blackened red fish is to die for. I am in New Orleans every year for a convention and have eaten in quite a few places but nothing compares to the Creole Cookery. The moment you walk in you are greater by an incredibly friendly attentive staff. The food as stated is exceptional and the price is completely reasonable. To make your dining experience even better is the attention the owner AJ pays to you. He makes you feel like your a movie star. You will never be treated better. So if you want to have a completely fantastic dining experience please stop in. Can't wait to go back. One last thing don't forget to order a drink called the Kodiac.Great experience. With many in the service industry around this area dealing with the "mardi gras hangover", you couldn't tell with this place. Good service and great food. I recommend the Redfish Étouffée!Great service and good food! Kinda salty but  so is everything in New Orleans! I ordered a dozen oysters and the snow crab boiler pot. We had a good time!Enjoyed the blackened redfish with vegetables....my friend had the red beans and rice with sausage. Complimentary Bread and butter appetizer was nice....
Ordered key lime cheesecake to take back to room for later. Server Brad was fabulous! Ask for Brad! Kept my tea/drink full ! Loved the atmosphere and original building/ raw brick wall etc.Enjoyed a lovely dinner here during our New Orleans stay. The ambiance was great, and the staff members were friendly. The food was quite tasty, though a bit over priced to me.Awesome place in the French quarter. Had the Creole Pasta and my wife the Blackened Redfish, both were excellent.