Exceeded my expectations. Came here on a very busy weekend in NO, when both Jazz Fest and the annual national neurosurgery meetings were going on. Nevertheless, the front desk staff were friendly and did not appear overwhelmed. I was immediately recognized for my Gold status and upgraded to a river view room on the 39th floor. The room, albeit small and pretty plain, was extremely clean and tidy. I also checked in at around 11 am and didn't have to wait at all (did not request early check in)
In terms of conference venue, the rooms were certainly not bad. Temperature was just right. Wi-Fi is fast. Food and water were decent. All the rooms were easy to get to
Gym was larger than most other hotels and had fresh towels and water readily available. Again quite clean and tidy
The M club unfortunately does not have complimentary alcohol during the PM happy hour. But the chocolate cookies were really addicting. Didn't get a chance to try their hot food though
Overall a positive experience at this Marriott!Every single person we came in contact with that worked at this hotel was pleasant, helpful, and friendly. If it were only the staff to rate, this hotel would be a FIVE PLUS. Since the hotel needs so much work it only gets a THREE.
This hotel is in drastic need of a major renovation. Everything from the lobby, bar, restaurant, hallways, rooms, and pool are all showing their age and is TIRED!
The elevators (punch in your room number, then you proceed to a designated car) are great and really help things move along.Stayed here three nights / four days for a business conference. The conference was hosted at the hotel as well. 
First morning we are there after spending the night. The conference begins at 9 and we have to hit the registration table before the conference with 800+ other attendees. At at few minutes until 7, I started heating up the water for the shower. And I wait. And wait. And wait. 15 minutes later I give up and take a cold shower. After my shower and before my companion gets in the shower, I call down to the help desk and ask what's going on. 
The woman on the other end says she's just gotten off the phone with the engineer and there was a boiler down. She was told just to tell people to keep running the water and it will eventually get warm. I told her I'd already had it on 15+ minutes and it still isn't warm. She said, well it's not fixed yet, but keep running the water. At LUNCH break the water still wasn't warm. Two of us and who knows how many countless other folks had to take cold showers or go unbathed. When I checked out I was asked how my stay was, I mentioned the inconvenience about the cold showers and I got a shoulder shrug. Nothing else. Not, "I'm sorry for the inconvenience". Nothing. Would've liked being comped for one day of parking or extra Marriott points or SOMETHING. 
They were also testing the fire alarm system and one day the PA system blasted a test half a dozen times during our conference classes ... not just 10 minutes of disruption; instead it was off and on and off and on. 
Elevators quit working at one point and we had to walk down 12 flights to catch the bus to our event or be left. I felt sorry for all of the kits toting their luggage in for some kind of competition or game. They were carrying their luggage up countless flights. Luckily the elevator was back up when we got back from our event. 
As if that wasn't enough, the bathroom was TINY. You had to side step the toilet just to close the door. No hand towel hooks. Toilet paper was awful (something I normally never complain about, it was that bad). No real drawer space for clothes (for two people). Ironing board pad was so bad we I ironed khaki pants, the waffle patter of the metal on the board showed up on clothes. 
Asked for an hour later check out so we could finish the conference before packing the car. Was told that wouldn't be possible. Had to pack the stuff in our car at 6:30 in the morning before our first session at 7:30 (since we couldn't get a timeline the night before from the bellhop OR the valet on how long this would take, we had to plan for an hour ahead so we wouldn't be late. As it turned out, it only took 15 minutes. 
We did not know there was a fee for parking. As we checked in, we were told the corporate rate was $36 and change (PER DAY.... supposedly a discount off the almost $50 normal rate we were told). As I went to check out, I was billed for $42 + tax per day. Had to wait while the check out person verified the rate and hand keyed the entire bill (even though the pricing was supposedly already assigned/attached to my bill). 
Conference food as mediocre at best. They did serve Starbucks though. Conference bathrooms were a hike from the majority of our session and ballrooms.Pretty nice place. Bed is comfy rooms are nice. Here for a conference and its a really good setup. Excited to stay the week.Large, factory convention hotel with good location.
Lobby restrooms somewhat hidden in hallway near Starbucks.
Typical convention hotel experience.  Given a choice, for a leisure stay at a larger hotel I'd probably go to the Omni, better located in the French Quarter.I'm here for a dental implant certification course, which is being held at this hotel, and so far everything that I've experienced has been fantastic. The room was clean, water hot, towels plentiful, guest relations on point, conference rooms were nice... many elevators per tower so the wait isn't too bad   There is a bar and restaurant in the lobby, which looks like they would serve nice drinks and cocktails. They have an outdoor pool (actually, two pools-one not as feel as the other) that I can see from my room. It is a rooftop pool with a lot of lounge chairs and room around it...perfect if it was a little warmer. 2nd floor bathroom, by the galleries/conference rooms  was beautiful. Good location, nice hotel. Haven't had a bad experience yet. 5 starsIs this place a joke?  Are the rooms really this small?  Are they really this expensive?  Is there really this much paint peeling off the walls in the bathroom?  Is there really this little water pressure coming from the shower head?  And it's this expensive and they don't include free internet?  Really?  And parking is another $36 per day?  Really?  Where am I...New York?  London?  Tokyo?  What's going on here?
Here are the positives:
_convenient location (if being smack dab in the middle of downtown is important to you).
_friendly staff.
_better-than-average hotel restaurant.
_hotel bartenders who actually know how to make a decent cocktail.
_no charge for using the pool or gym.
_highly efficient elevator system.
Cons (aside from those mentioned above):
_I ordered bread pudding at the bar the first night I was there.  It was excellent.  I told my wife she would need to try some before we left.  So she did...but what came out when she ordered it was so unrelated to what I had ordered that it was almost a different desert entirely.  Different portion size, different consistency, different sauce, different flavors.  I expect consistency on things like that, especially at a chain hotel.
_the piped in hickory smoke smell.  Where is it coming from?  I searched all over for a fireplace and couldn't find one.  It was kind of cozy at first, but after several days all of my clothes smelled like I had been sitting beside a campfire all week long, and it was a bit overwhelming and nauseating.
_Good luck getting a coffee at the Starbucks in the lobby.  The line was always 30 people deep anytime I tried to go there.
_The gift shop upcharge is ridiculous.  $3 for bottled water (that costs an already ridiculous $2 from the vending machines located on the floors above) was baffling.
_very limited vending options...probably done on purpose to make you order room service instead.
_the "riverview" rooms don't actually have a view of the river...unless you're on the very top few floors...and even then, they only kind of have a river view.So disappointed! The two stars are for location only! I've only been here one day and I'm so disappointed in this hotel. It's a bit dated but that's no reason for sup par cleanliness. There was visible dust everywhere. The curtains could have used a good steam cleaning, and everything seems dingy. I've requested a shaving kit 3 times to be told it's on the way up and I'm still waiting.  Got ice from the ice machine that had black remnants and a bug...For the price tag this hotel should be on point. Never again!  Just go to another hotel. You'll be glad you did.Good property. We had an annual convention there. Friendly staff and the facilities were good. Food could be better and decor could use some refreshing but overall a good experience.I cannot recommend this hotel after a 4 night stay there over New Years.  First, they have an elevator system that seems to slow things down.  You have to enter your floor number then wait for an assigned elevator to come to you, you can't just hop on the next one.  This system seemed slower than your normal elevators.
The room lacked amenities that I am used to at Marriott.  A safe and a fridge or mini-bar.  The bed seemed old and was sagging.  Also, there was this strange security door before the hall to our room and door.  However, no one at the hotel had a key to this door, so if someone closed it you had to wait for security to come and 'break' into it.  
Also, I did not feel safe walking around the neighborhood where the hotel is located.  If you only drive or take cabs it may be okay, I would not walk around this area at night.Great time in New Orleans and wonderful accommodations.  Downtown; which allowed us to walk everywhere. I didn't give the hotel a five because we were too close to the pool, but that is not their fault.  Next time I'll remember to request a room that is not too close to pool.I'm currently staying at this hotel and just moved into my THIRD room in one day. The first room smelled of stale cigarettes. One would think a reputable hotel would address this issue in a room clearly marked "No Smoking" before checking a guest in. I ran into another colleague in the lobby and she was also changing rooms as her supposedly non-smoking room also smelled strongly of cigarettes. The second room I was moved to smelled like mold...like the carpet was wet or moldy. I had a difficult time breathing even as I tried to manage it (didn't want to move again). After a few hours of basically holding my breath....I went downstairs to once again request a new room. I told the man at the registration desk that I'd move into the new room after dinner and he said that'd be fine. Well, I came back from dinner an hour lather  to find a housekeeping cart blocking the door and two staff inside (one sitting in a chair and the other making a bed) -- my luggage was open and I my stuff was still all over the room. Imagine the awkwardness as I hurriedly tried to pack while they watched. I still don't understand why housekeeping was told to start working on my room when I was clearly still in it. I later spoke to a manager and I didnt receive much in terms of hospitality other than an acknowledgment that yes, in fact, he'd told the staff to go in my room. Overall, this hotel has left a bad taste (smell?) and i wouldn't recommend it or stay her again.Great place , we had two rooms with 8 guests 4 adults 4 teens. Close enough to everything , I am so glad we picked this location. Rooms are a bit small but we were only there to sleep so it didnt really matter, beds were comfy, pillows comfy, room and bathroom very clean. Bed was a bit small for hubby but for me it was fine. Nice view of the pool area and some of the river rooms 1460 and 1458 , I liked that when we walked out onto Canal st at night it felt "safe" we used Decauter and Royal to go down to Jackson square area and felt safe on both streets. The lobby was very large and we sat in the morning to people watch while the others slept in. Starbucks in the hotel, also a bloody mary bar and fresh hot beignets. Full service hotel that has pretty much anything you need.  We met a very nice bellhop that gave us some nice tips about the city, everyone that we dealt with at the hotel was friendly. Definitely would stay again.Real estate and hotels are all about location.  This hotel's location is ideal if you plan to explore the French Quarter as much as we wanted to.  Step outside the car park and you're there.
The room we had was old and easily the smallest Marriott room I've ever seen.  With two adults and a toddler, we were cramped.
We called ahead and made arrangements for a crib and a refrigerator.  When we checked in, the nice woman helping us said that both were waiting for us in the room.  We arrived and found neither.  When I went back down to the lobby, the same woman looked very concerned and reported that they were out of cribs.  Had I not pressed the issue, my impression was that her intention was to leave the issue as it was.
But press I did, and eventually was informed of a plan to plunder the nearby JW Marriott for a crib.  It arrived an hour later, as did the fridge.  All's well that ends well, but it's one of those situations where I felt like I was needing to push to get the things that had been promised rather than the staff just making it happen.
I would stay here again because I'm not one to spend hours luxuriating in a hotel room when a city as beautiful as New Orleans is in the offing.  If you're looking for a new hotel with large rooms, you'd best look elsewhere.Horrible! Do not stay at this hotel until they are finished remodeling their main entrance / valet area.
No matter what room you are in all you hear is constant jack hammer construction noise. Worse, manager said they would not be doing construction on the weekend which was a flat out lie. We got back to our room Saturday evening at 10:30pm and they were jack hammering. I can't believe hotel executives thought they could do this renovation with guests staying at the hotel. Our convention was here. Our keynote speaker could hardly talk loud enough over all the construction noise. 
Shame on you Marriott!!!!!!Huge and well priced hotel in the heart of the city. Walking distance from everything you could want to see. The river view is lovely. The rooms are small and basic, but very clean, and with Marriott's signature comfortable beds. The gym is basic but large, there's a pool with a view of the city, and the restaurant is quite goodJust stayed here with a friend for 4 nights and we absolutely loved it. The location is phenomenal. Close to just about everything you'd want to see in New Orleans, and if not there is ALWAYS someone out by the main door to help you with directions or to get a cab. The lobby is huge, with a large bar and lounge area. There is a restaurant, gift shop, fed ex, ATM and even a Starbucks conveniently located all in the lobby. The hotel itself is very clean and equipment with all modern day needs. Our room had a mini fridge with free water daily, coffee maker and several USB outlets in the room which is SO convenient. Beds are very comfortable and we even had a pretty decent view of the city. A minor detail I noticed is they provide liquid soap instead of the standard bar soap for hands. I love that as the liquid soap is easier for use-i wish more hotels would do this. The only negative was the bathroom was a bit small. We managed because we were two people but had there been 4 people in that room, that bathroom would be way too small. This hotel is also known as a convention hotel which we didn't know at the time of booking, it wasn't a problem really but the lobby was always full of people and pretty loud. This also made the elevators very busy at times. If that is not ideal for you then you might not want this hotel. The lobby also had computers available for easy check in to your flight AND printers so you can print your boarding pass. I loved this feature! The staff was exceptional, always willing to help with a pleasant attitude and a smile. I would definitely stay here again.beautiful! Classy, clean.
Probably helped that I was on the concierge level, but I thought the overall vibe of the hotel to be top-notch in every aspect.
Wished I'd stayed longer rather than switch hotels to join my friends.
(There is a mysterious camp-fire smell in the lobby that we were never able to identify. Not even annoying, just made us curious)On the surface this hotel appears to be nice and worth the cost, but there were just too many problems on my recent stay for me to leave impressed. First, I went to take a shower on three separate occasions and there was no hot water! I thought maybe I just needed to let the water run longer, but after five minutes the water was still ice cold. Second, when housekeeping would tidy up my room during the day the job was quite half-asses. I wasn't given clean glasses, refills on coffee or tea in the room, no new ice bags, and no refills on toiletries. Even when I left a note for housekeeping I still only got about half of these things. Third, the coffee maker in my room was broken and I asked to have this addressed and it never was and I stayed for four nights. Finally, nearly half of the cable channels on my TV wouldn't work. I am staying at this hotel as part of a work conference so I had little say in the choice of hotel, but if the conference ever comes back to this hotel I will stay somewhere else because even at a discount conference rate this hotel was nowhere near worth the cost.Stayed at the Marriott New Orleans for four nights for a conference.  Many of the common areas are nice.  The conference area and meeting rooms are fine.  The restaurant was nice.  However, the actual rooms are outdated and need to be renovated severely.  The doors to each room haven't been touched in years (30?).  The bathrooms are old.  In-room wi-fi was $12.95 for 24 hours.  Won't stay here again.  Did like the elevator keying tech.A good hotel for a giant property. Beds were super comfortable, nice shower head, good elevator system and overall good service. This place is a typical giant conference hotel. Took way to long to check in, people everywhere 24/7. Not really a relaxing environment. The room was pretty well sound proofed though which Was a plus.So, I had the seafood gumbo at the M Lounge of the hotel, which I gather it's from the on-site restaurant. Taste is pretty good, but little salty, likely cause it's been simmering for an hour. 6/10 for the gumbo.I would give it a 3.5. I wish Yelp had 1/2 star options. 
I've stayed here a couple of times and it is fine. I used to think it was pretty nice but now it is just above average. The rooms are showing their age. My specific complaints are that for that price ($500 for 2 nights) there should be a safe in the room, and seriously, they need to use laundry softener. The towels were rough. Our TV had a problem so reception was lost every five minutes. Other than that, we love the location, the service is very accommodating, and the beds are comfortable.I stayed here with my sister for the 2017 Sugar Bowl. The moment we walked in, the staff was courteous and accommodating. We had to wait 3 hours for our room to be ready because we arrived early and with all the hubbub of the event, there were many rooms not yet ready. It was fine though because we ate lunch and watched football in the central lobby. The bellman captain and his crew, as well as the concierge, were always very helpful. I would definitely stay at this hotel again!Stayed here for a conference.  Rooms are small, bed and pillows are old, 
and the bathroom door was warped to the point where it was almost impossible to close with one hand.  Location is very good, but this is not up to the usual Marriott  standards.  Sheets are so heavily starched that they made both of us itch.  Room was not cleaned in the morning, but later in the day and usually not fully restocked with coffee and bath products.  Would try the JW next visit, just across the street.For our vacation, we were staying at the Q&C Autograph hotel, a part of the Marriott family, about a 5 minute walk away from the Marriott.  Q&C didn't have a pool, but lucky for us there were reciprocal benefits at this location and we were able to utilize the pool facilities as directed by our concierge - all we needed to do was show our key card.
Floor 5 and right above canal street, the Marriott's pool facilities were well-kept even through the masses of dance competition families strewn about every floor.  There were more than enough fresh, clean towels available and it was nice that they had a room service menu readily available to review next to the phones (we did not order, but the options were nice!).
Based on the pool, location, and well-kept hotel floors, I'd definitely recommend this hotel to others!We stayed here for a convention, and the service was remarkable, considering the sheer number of people on property. The rooms are small, so if you are traveling with a family, even with two young kids, you will need a suite or parlor room. A regular room is just physically too small to fit two kids (ages 11 months and 4 years). 
This property knows how to treat platinum members. Check in was quick and efficient, there are great views from most of the rooms--either city or river view (request the river view--we had city, which was still beautiful).
The concierge lounge was well stocked and staffed. The food was excellent and we were really happy with the service.
Yes, the rooms need to be updated to match the lobby and lounge space, but truly, I think the service overcame most of the smaller, negative things.
The biggest issue is the noise. We were on a high floor, but you HAVE to request to be far from the elevators. The beeping is incessant.I gave it two stars based on location alone. Literally steps to Bourbon Street, fantastic restaurants, easy walking distance to the riverside, Cafe DuMonde, the start line for the Rock n Roll marathon, a quick hop across the street to Walgreens, I will give it that, great location. Our room was TEENY TINY, as in, I, you're very average, 5'7, size 8 female, could not stretch out on the floor after the half-marathon. I had to do it on the bed. The sink and bath didn't drain, my husband and I had to sleep in separate beds (even after calling ahead, explaining our travel situation and being assured that a King, river view room was reserved for us), but the absolute worst was the elevator. We had to try ear plugs because the elevator and our room shared a wall. It was the absolute worst. I'm sure many people visiting the French Quarter wouldn't notice, but when you are resting up for a race, it was aggravating. Our room was serviced once during our 4-night stay. We would leave in the morning, return around 4:30-5pm to get cleaned up for dinner and it still hadn't been serviced, so we would put the privacy  hanger out so that we could get ready, take it off when we left for dinner, return and our room was the exact same as we left it. The towels were worn, thin and abrasive. I felt like I was using a paper towel to dry off with. We had a drink at the bar when we arrived Friday night. The one bartender was just awful and the other was fantastic. It just wasn't a good experience. For $300 per night, I expected better. I guess if I would have had more to drink, I probably wouldn't have noticed.We stayed here last month and really liked the location.  Far enough from the shenanigans of Bourbon, but close enough that you can be there in about 10 minutes.  The room was about average size and the bed was comfy.  I wish the bathroom was bigger (if you are sitting on the pot, you'll need to be aware if the door swings open, not a lot of room) and I wish there was a small fridge in the room.  The bathroom towels were also pretty scratchy.
The elevator system was very efficient.  You keyed in the floor you were going to and then it told you which elevator to board.  No waiting on dropping people off on multiple floors! The front desk was also really helpful any time we had questions and while checking in. They had a massive lobby which included a big bar area which was a good place to designate as a meeting area.
Would I stay here again? I wouldn't rule against it but I would certainly look at other deals in town.I'm a huge Marriott fan and stay almost exclusively in Marriott hotels.  The hotel in general here was great.  Awesome service, good lobby area, and fun bar.  Tons of amenities in the hotel and you seriously cannot beat the hotel's location.  My room, on the other hand, was sort of gross for how much the hotel costs.  Room was TINY, awkwardly laid out, and felt a bit dirty.  It's not that the maid did a poor job, because that was fine -- it's just that some of the furniture was old and stained.  I don't think I'd stay here again because of the condition of the room, it was just too expensive for rooms like that.  I will, however, stay at another Marriott location.Oddly Lilliputian hotel room--everything was just a bit undersized.  The ceiling was dropped a couple of inches lower than it seemed like it should've been.  You could brush both edges of the bathroom doorframe with your shoulders if you didn't enter the room at an angle.  The standard furniture was jammed into the bedroom with nary an inch to spare.  I could've been much more comfortable with some stylish, space-maximizing furniture and an inch or two with which to turn around with my baby.
That having been said, the staff was mostly competent and managed to handle a citywide water outage okay.  I did miss the tasty, tasty cucumber-lemon water from the lobby once the boil water order went through, but them's just the breaks.With eight people trying to check in there was only one person working the desk.  The other three employees were leaning on the wall discussing "last nights" guest.  If not for a guest two in front of us raising his concern.. we may still be there waiting to check in...
The second star is for the room.. only fair..
In the end, it was a disappointment...For the price, (almost $300) I expected much better. The room was small with a view of the pool and part of Canal Street. As a New Orleans resident, I knew exactly what we were getting with the location - convenient if you want to go to the casino, not so much if you plan to spend your night on the other side of the Quarter or in the Marigny. 
The rooms are small with nothing special added on. 
The entire hotel mysteriously smelled like BBQ but there is no restaurant on premises. 
My husband and I stayed here for our wedding night and the receptionist at the front desk asked if two double beds were okay, as we stood there in our wedding attire. I requested a king and made it clear that we were not willing to budge on that and a room with a king miraculously appeared.
If this room was a ridiculously cheap rate then it would be a steal, otherwise, nothing special to see here.I was excited to do a Priceline negotiator for a hotel in New Orleans. But what I did not know was what the Marriott had to offer or not offer as it turns out. 
We arrived after a very long trip to a line of cars to get into the garage. We waited an hour to even get up to the hotel. My wife was in and out of the car several times before we were helped. When we finally out into the garage we found out parking is $33 a day! But what can you do? There isn't really another option.
Then when my wife checked in, the hotel told her that they had no more king rooms. We are a newly married couple and wanted the room we reserved but no. They "upgraded" us to another room with a better view but two double beds. Well let me say, two grown women in a double bed sucks. 
When we got to our room we found out that we did not have a refrigerator OR Internet! What the heck?! 
Honestly had I known what we'd be getting for our deal on Priceline, I would've gone somewhere else.
The only redeeming factor of this hotel is the location. And the nifty elevator. But seriously, we won't be coming back. Our reservation of a king room was not honored, the valet parking is outrageous and the lack of Internet (or having to pay $14.95 a day) is outrageous. Needless to say, we will spend our money elsewhere next time and get a real deal rather than having to pay more for hidden fees and amenities other hotels offer.Big- Old- Marriott hotel in a great location right on Canal Street.
Easy in and out due to the large covered drop area on the side.
Large lobby and plenty of staff for check in. Even with all of this, 
check in was slow. That's ok. 
The Bad- The room. We are Elite Gold members and were upgraded to
a corner room in the River Tower. I'm not sure if "upgrade" is the correct 
term for the room.  On the surface it looked ok. Partially renovated. But,
after spending a little time in there, it obviously needed a deep cleaning. 
The bathroom situation is awful.  Fake drop ceiling that is dusty and dirty around the edges. You can see the dust hanging. Only one person can fit into the tiny space at a time.  Really uncomfortable/impossible for 2 people trying to get ready. 
Our fridge was dirty. It had not been wiped out between guests. The inside of the windows were dusty. A previous occupant had drawn hearts on the windows in the dust that became obvious in the morning light. 
Yes, really. 
Nevertheless, if you have allergies, as I do, do not stay here. Old popcorn ceilings need upgrading also. The 1970's are over. 
Time to fully renovate these rooms. 
The Good- Breakfast in the M club room. Probably the best breakfast
I've had at a Marriott property. Nicely put together, anything you could imagine. The only low quality items were the breakfast pastries. They were even frying beignets. The breakfast was far superior to the afternoon happy hour. 
The other "good" was the elevator system as others have mentioned.
Extremely efficient. Also, the view from our room was great. 
If this is the location that you need to be, it's fine. If you have a choice,
I would look further. For the price, you can do better.Just got home from a week-long conference in NOLA.  Our organization was booked at the New Orleans Marriott.  Right off the bat - love the location.  Perfectly convenient.  Quiet enough to get work done, but close enough to all the action on Bourbon Street, French Quarter, etc...everything within walking distance.  The second half of my week was at the Convention Center, and this Marriott was close enough to walk there (10-15 minute walk on average) and easily accessible by trolley, shuttle or taxi.
Sleeping rooms were under par for a Marriott and are definitely in need of renovation/updates.  I'm told that this is one of the few hotels in the French Quarter that did not undergo a huge renovation for when NOLA hosted the Superbowl.  Despite the older/outdated feel to the rooms, mine (double bed) provided enough comfort for a week-long stay.  I liked the ample desk space and got a lot of work done in my room at night. Wi-fi's available at a daily fee in room (14.95) and complimentary in the hotel lobby (and as part of our meeting room package).  The room bathroom could have used some updating as well, it was a bit small but again, fine for a business trip.  I don't know if it was because the hotel was sold out while I was there, but sometimes the water ran too hot or too cold in the early morning or late evening...and my toilet made loud clanging noises every time I flushed it!  I had a nice view of the river and was entertained by the ships rolling through.
At times, I could hear people coughing, sneezing or talking, whether it came from adjoining rooms or in the corridor, I'm not certain, but sound really carried on my floor.  I was also across from the ice/vending machines, so I could hear people using the vending machines and getting ice at all hours of the day/night.  One more thing I noticed...there was open space between the floor and my hotel room door.  I've never really noticed this in other hotels (will probably take note from now on), but it did call my attention here because the space under my door was noticeable and would cast shadows of people walking past my room in the front entrance of my room. Regardless, I'm sure they'll plan to renovate the rooms soon.
I was hoping to get out more during my trip to experience the wonderful NOLA food, but more often than not, I was ordering room service.  The menu was pretty good.  Better than the usual room service food and they did offer local menu items.  I enjoyed the gumbo.  Everything's priced high (service & delivery fees are tacked on), but comparable to what you'd pay in other hotels for room service.
The lobby area is wonderful and updated.  Tasty, cold, fresh fruit water is available off the lobby bar.  Love the assigned elevator system (punch in your floor on the keypad and you get assigned an elevator).  Even in the busiest times, I didn't have to wait too long for a lift...and I was on the 23rd floor.
Also loved the on-site FedEx Office and Starbuck's.
I give this hotel 4 stars because my experience with staff was wonderful.  From housekeeping to room service to front desk to gift shop...all around, great service.  I really felt catered to here.
And special mention to the Meetings & Catering Staff at the New Orleans Marriott.  I spent my entire weekend in meetings at the Marriott and the staff here was nothing short of amazing.  I had one meeting that needed a last minute speakerphone (literally, 5 minutes before start of my meeting).  A/V and Meeting staff were there w/in two minutes, speakerphone hooked up and cords taped down, with a minute to spare.  I barely heard catering staff as they set for bfasts/breaks/lunches.  And they constantly checked on us to make sure things were going smoothly.
All in all, glad we chose this location as our HQ hotel.  Also, one special note - if you're looking to stay in NOLA for meetings and want to be close to the Convention Center, there is another Marriott, the 'New Orleans Marriott Convention Center', that is located directly across from Halls A/B of the Ernest N Morial Convention Center.  Don't get the two Marriotts confused!  
This Marriott is the one in the French Quarter on Canal, and will be a 10-15 minute walk to the Conv Center.  We had some meeting attendees who made that mistake and were surprised by the distance.The room wasn't cleaned well, and in our several day stay it was only cleaned once after I called twice.  The pillows are flat.  Our room was right next to the cleaning room - with thin walls, it was noisy listening to the cleaning staff through the walls.  Don't recommend.Great location! Walking distance to all of the French Quarter, street cars located right out the front door that will take you to all the great sights, and excellent customer service. We stayed for 4 nights-the bed and linens were very comfortable. I would definitely stay here again. Great value for the price.Do NOT use this hotel.  Check in was horrible, even though elite status, had us wait 20 minutes with no clear explanation of why. Hotel staff will steal your belongings.  There is no safe provided.  I left a tip and  accidentally my Kindel in the room when I checked out.  Called the hotel within 60 minutes of checking out, asked the hotel desk to check the room.  They said they would check and call me back.  After another 30 minutes of waiting had to call the hotel again to find out status. Desk manager indicated tip and Kindel had been removed from room and would check with Lost and Found and would call me back.  Again no call back I had to reach out to them and they indicated could not find anything, in essence to bad so sad.  I recommend any hotel but this one!The place itself is very nice and clean. We weren't too happy when we found out they have sold our room though. However, they were nice enough to try to make things right by offering us a $25 good voucher.Great location and accommodations are clean and comfortable.  Service isn't the best.  Front desk person didn't say much and didn't smile.  We got locked out of our room two nights in a row because the key stopped working - first night we had to go back to the front desk twice to get our key to work and second night had to call a second time for security to let us in after waiting in front of our room door for 15 minutes.  Staff isn't rude but definitely not enthusiastic or anxious to help when you need it.This hotel is in the idea spot. However, as an elite member we had 24 hour access to the M Club. The breakfast was good but they constantly ran out of food. The evening appetizers were nice but again they constantly ran out of food. I'm pecsectarian and I was told I could put in a request for the chef to make something for me conducive to my diet. Well, the first day he did. The following days I was told he couldn't do that anymore. Then I asked for additional vegetables that were on the buffet and I was told they didn't have anymore. This was told to me at 530 and they start serving at 5. The vegetables ran out each and everyday that I was there. The M Club was not a happy experience. I also noticed a lot of non Elite people coming in and eating that shouldn't have. Upon my check out I had been charged 3 charges for utilizing the Club. If I hadn't looked at my bill it would have been a mess on my credit card. Also, the water pressure in the rooms are a joke. It took 20 minutes to wash shampoo out of my hair. I will give a shot out to Natalie and Cari who are amazing front desk ladies. Thats where the 2 stars come in.I was concerned about the bedbug issues in other reviews. The manager Kevin Granier (apologize if I spelled the name wrong) met us upon arrival and walked through the room. He was very thorough in explaining the problems they have had and how they've been treated. I can't say enough about how much we appreciated that. The rooms were fine,location great, friendly staff, and I would go back.I just have to say, not impressed. My husband is platinum with Marriott, and we pretty much only stay with Marriott brand hotels. When we arrived we were offered an upgrade to a suite for an extra $50/night. The hotel was oversold so they were willing to discount them...at platinum the free upgrade would have been nice, but why not we are on vacation. We were in a suite on the 32nd floor. It did have plenty of extra space, but it wasn't really decorated and had kind of random furniture with lots of wasted space. Also sitting on the table was a letter letting us know construction would be going on 7 days a week from 8am-6pm at the hotel. Wow, thanks for letting us know! The bathroom in our suite was ridiculously tiny and the toilet was almost impossible to flush. Our room was never serviced (we stayed two nights), she finally came by at quarter to 6pm but we were getting ready for dinner and didn't want to leave, she seemed quite bothered. At $287 a night I would really expect more, and I expect more from a suite at a Marriott. I'm giving three stars because the location is great, the views from our room were nice, and the front desk staff were friendly. The rooms are comfortable, standard Marriott bedding.Very nice hotel, comfortable beds, clean room and an excellent staff.  The location is extremely convenient, my only gripe is they charge you extra for wi-fi, $12.95 a day for basic web surfing, so that's why I knocked a star off, but other than that, it was great.Right off the bat, I must admit I was a little too hard on the Nola Marriott. First impressions are important, and they kind of blew it, but my experience with the hotel (in the flesh) was so much better than I thought it would be. 
I arrived on a Tuesday afternoon and met with John L. for check-in. He was very professional and nice and, above all, sincere. My experience with him changed my entire view of the hotel - I really hope they see this and he gets kudos. He was the absolute best. 
Next, the elevators. I'm not sure what everyone is complaining about! Honestly, the elevator system is genius and I can see why they implemented such a system. I was there in the off season and it got busy, I can only imagine what it's like when Nola is actually busy. What's so hard about entering your floor number and waiting for the system to tell you which elevator car to go to? Nothing. It was so great - I sang the system's praises to every staff member I encountered. 
The food provided at my conference was meh. Breakfast with only coffee, bagels and weird biscuit things with meat/eggs/cheese baked in the middle? I wondered where the fresh fruit was, then someone told me fresh fruit is hard to come by in Nola. I'm not sure if this is true, perhaps it was just an oversight on my conference organizers' part. Anyway, breakfast was decent, but very heavy. Lunch was what one attendee described as "wedding food" which I thought was kind of rude, but also fitting. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. I'm not complaining. 
Overall, I enjoyed my stay. My room was clean, no one bothered me (I kept the "do not disturb" sign on the door for the duration of my stay), and the staff was super friendly. 
My one major complaint: the wifi sucked. And my LTE didn't work in the hotel (but it did elsewhere).This hotel thought they were ready for our convention...I warned them I really did. They weren't. The Lifts couldn't handle the number of people running around the hotel the restaurant couldn't handle the large groups that we tend to show up in and with 2400 conventioneers at any given time running around the place was deafening.
Staff was amazing except in the fedex office which normally I wouldn't mention in a Marriott review however this Marriott has allowed fedex to buy the rights to handle incoming packages which means that it can cost a LOT of money to pick up a parcel you have already paid a lot of money to ship. In fact it would have been cheaper to buy an extra suitcase and pay for it on the plane rather than ship stuff in.
Rooms are dated and a fridge can be hard to get your hands on even if it is for medical purposes and booked months in advance. There is a laundrette in the building so you can do a load of laundry if you want to and the hotel is within easy walking distance of Burbon street if you want to get out and about.This place is super clean and comfy! My husband and I were here for just a weekend and stayed on the River tower part of the building. Our room's view looked down on Canal Street and was beautiful at night. It's not as loud as other people said it would be. You just hear the random ambulance sirens. It didn't bother us. 
We didn't get a rental car so I'm not sure about parking here. We just relied on Uber while there. It's about $30 to and from the airport from here. 
I also love the unique elevator system as we have never seen that before. All the bellhop guys were super nice and friendly as well. We will definitely stay here again when we come back!Very standard hotel as you would expect. My only complaint was that our shower didn't drain and it was never fixed. Other then that the staff was very nice and our room was always very clean.Stayed here 5/27 - 5/30 and it has been a pleasant stay.  Helpful doorman and quick check in. We stayed in room 662.  It has a good view of the pool and side view of the river.  Beds is soft but pillows could be better.  We didn't use room service only had towels replaced daily.  Elevator wait is never longer than a few seconds thanks to their high tech elevator system.  Even though I'm an Atlanta Falcons fan the bellman were extremely kind and helpful. That Falcons/Saints rivalry will never die!  :-)
We ate in the hotel restaurant for breakfast on the last day.  The $24 buffet was worth it because it included beverage and fresh to order omelettes. 
This hotel is just a few short walking blocks away from bourbon and the French quarter.  You can walk or take the trolly around the city.  I recommend getting a day trip trolley ticket to get to and from the French market.  There's a flea market (too many vendor types to name), outdoor eateries and live jazz.The rooms are very basic. For the price, you're really just paying for the fabulous location.Nice hotel that's in a great spot. The restaurant located within the hotel has the best breakfast and is reasonably priced. Comfy beds and nice lobby area. My only complaint is the valet parking...it needs to be a little more organized.Your neighbors next door are really annoyed with your Valet Honkers! It starts at 6am everyday! Not great noise for sleeping. Won't be back to La Galerie because of it!Great location. liked this Marriott. Easy in and out to Bourbon street. Room was clean and nice size. Love the beds. For sure will be back.My friends and I had a great 3 night stay at the Marriott over Memorial Day weekend.
From the get-go, the price was almost unbelievable ($125 per night with AAA discount).  I requested early check-in and was accomodated without question.  The hotel is in a fantastic location -- right in the French Quarter and most everything you want to see in the FQ is walkable, even in the heat.
The hotel lobby was nicely done -- very spacious and welcoming.  A huge bonus was the big jugs of water (with fruit on the bottom!) in the lobby.  I drink water all day long, so you can bet I was there filling up my water bottle constantly.  There is also a bar, gift shop and Starbucks.  Thank you, Starbucks Grande Iced Passion Tea for curing each day's hangover woes.
The hotel is massive and has two towers.  We were in the tower to the left.  I had requested a high floor and we were given a room on the 11th floor, which overlooked the pool and a bit of Canal Street.  It was nice to be able to see how crowded the pool was each day and how much sun was out.
The room was very clean and bright.  Average size -- there were four of us and we never felt cramped.  Large flat screen TV offered a wide selection of stations.
The pressure in the shower was great.  My one qualm was that there was no vent in the bathroom.  There was actually a vent, but no ventilation, so it was very steamy and humid in the bathroom after showers.  Other than that, no complaints.
The pool was wonderful.  There are actually two pools -- one for smaller children and one right next to it that goes as deep as 8 feet.  They were both heated, but not to the point that they weren't refreshing in the NOLA heat.
I did use the gym, which I thought was great.  Much larger than other hotel gyms I've experienced -- tons of treadmills and lots of free weights.  They had a water cooler and towels and offered complimentary fruit, which was an added bonus.
Oh!  I almost forgot to mention the elevators!  They were so fun.  You push in the number floor you're going to before you get on the elevator and then it tells you which elevator you will be taking up.  There are no buttons inside beside Door Open/Close, therefore no one can ever run and yell, "hold the elevator!" just as the doors are about to close.
Overall, couldn't have asked for a better experience.  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  Would definitely stay there again.Great hotel i have to first of all say. Not to far from the main events a block or two not to far from the shopping, drinking or casino or touring. Could say good location. Need extra towels at 1am got them at 1:10am.  Really good  to say.  The room was very nice, good size, the bathroom is nice but simple good deco.  One thing they didnt have a flat scrn tv, little down side but that's it. I would surly stay here again. Ooo nice pool area, and my first trip with my friend. first of many..Staying in New Orleans for first time this hotel is in the French Quarter. The room is nice and the bed was comfortable the pillows are thick and not easy to sleep on.  An issue with construction noise their solution to provide ear plugs there is no way if you wanted to sleep beyond 8:00 a.m. you would be able too with ear plugs.  We ate breakfast at the hotel it was good food we ordered off the menu our waitress was friendly and polite.   We stopped in the bar later for cold ice tea and ordered a beer and wings.  We sat down on the long couch waiting for a waitress and was ignore us for 15 minutes and waited on 7 others before us. I asked when does the kitchen close 1st waitress said  11:00 pm. She walked away didn't provide menu or ask what we wanted 2nd waitress came by asked what we wanted drinks we said yes place napkins down than walked away for 10 minutes passed. Taking others orders who sat down after us. Isn't that we we're in hurry concerned getting close to 11:00 p.m. when the kitchen closes. The 2nd waitress place the order 10:58 pm she had to run to place order.   We sat down about 10:40 pm  bar was about 1/3 full. I did asked the 1st waitress if she worked in the area she said no her tone was curt. She could have sent a waitress over to us when we first sat down though she did not. My opinion all wait staff in bar needs to be retrained. The food is good and service staff marginal. So if your hungry and thirsty find another  place. The Hotel is expensive to stay and not close to three stars.  The service staff is inconsistent throughout the hotel.  The Hotel shows that it needs work in many areas management should take this review seriously about their service staff being marginal in the bar and need to also  mitigate for construction noise besides ear plugs. If your booked Hotel Marriott go with low expectations.I happen to be an elite member of Marriott and I'm often very critical when I don't receive exemplary service and accommodations with this chain. I will say that the staff and management delivered what my Wife and I expect. The staff was all around exceptional, from the front desk, members club team and cleaning crew. It was one of the nicer member's clubs that I've been to, and it offered a great assortment of snacks and munchies. By the end of the week we were quite friendly with the the woman at the desk at club desk and looked forward to seeing her each day. Kudos to the cleaning crew, I don't know how you keep the place so clean in an environment like NOLA. Areas for improvement would be quicker elevators and   better working TV remotes.This hotel was alright. Nothing really to write home about.  The lobby was nice; the elevators frustrating and confusing; the rooms were decent but the place is definitely overdue for a revamp.  When I went into the bathroom, I felt like Zoolander - what did they design that space for - ANTS!?!  I'm 5'11 and just holding up my arms to get a shirt on I was putting my hand thru the ceiling.  I actually had to get dressed out in the actual hotel room (which this was a work trip and I had a roommate so that was kind of awkward). There is a Starbucks in the lobby which was nice but give the choice of a hotel, I personally would have passed on this one.  This stay was booked by the company, however.I was down in New Orleans for a wedding over a recent weekend, and given the festivities were happening here, we figured it would be most convenient to stay here as well (along with the celebratory rate). There's a more traditional lobby entrance where cars can pull in, but our taxi driver dropped us off at the more subtle Canal Street entrance, where you can walk right in and be right by the front desk. The lobby is pretty spacious - there's a bar and a lot of free seating - so if you need to kill some time, you can definitely park yourself downstairs with no issue at all. Checking in and out was easy (I checked out by phone), and getting to our room was a cinch as well. I actually like the corporate building-style elevator pads better, and it avoids an unnecessary rush to pile into the elevators (a necessity in the River Tower, which goes up over 40 floors).
The rooms themselves are pretty standard-issue - I wouldn't call it anything special, although the river view rooms on the upper floors offer you sweeping views of the Mississippi River and the boats that are traveling it up and down. Do make sure to keep the blinds closed if the weather is nice, though - being east-facing, the sun will wake you up as soon as it rises, which we found out the hard way. I appreciated that the plugs had USB ports as well, but some of them didn't work - either a sign of cheap electrical work or of a renovation already beginning to age out. The bathrooms are tiny, which is more of an inconvenience than a real hardship, but it did remind me that despite the grand views and the size, this wasn't anything too fancy we were staying at.
With my Gold membership, we were entitled to free food from the M Club Lounge, which I will say that I did enjoy. The breakfast food - from the slightly runny scrambled eggs (which was the first day; the second day was a bit drier) to the slightly sweet pecan-smoked bacon - was very good and definitely some of the better breakfast buffet food I have had at a hotel.
My only other hotel experiences in New Orleans have been subpar at best, so this was definitely a huge step up. That said, the location is optimal, the rooms were quite nice and reasonably priced, and there was a very good breakfast to boot - so on a relative scale, this earns a rating above where I'd expect the base-level brand of a big chain hotel to come in. Whenever I'm back in town, this will definitely be under my consideration for staying at again.If my math is right, I first stayed in this place 30 years ago.  It's undergone many improvements since then, and my most recent stay, for the long Labor Day weekend of 2013, was the best one yet.  We had pricelined it a couple of months ago, so I fully expected to be relegated to some viewless room on a low floor directly above the kitchen or boiler room.  However, when we arrived and received our keys, I was delighted to find that our Elite membership had been honored.  We were given a room on the 29th floor facing north, straight up Canal Street; a view I strongly prefer over that of the Mississippi River, which emits too much morning sun to facilitate late sleeping.  The new elevator system, in which one enters the floor number rather than a simple UP or DOWN button, results in very impressive traffic control in the elevator lobby, faster elevator speeds, and almost always a "private" elevator.  A pure genius invented this thing.  Our room, although rather small, was nicely furnished, clean, and quite comfortable.  Washing my face upon arrival, I found to my disgust that the hand towel was soured; I called the concierge immediately and in no more than three minutes, an entire set of fresh bath linens arrived at my door.  The Starbucks in the lobby is a great addition; however, it needs to add the scanner that most Starbucks locations now have to accept the phone app paying method.  We took advantage of the happy hour in the lobby lounge one afternoon and I must say, that was one delicious glass of Champagne and the calamari with lemon aioli was perfect.  My only criticism of the guest room was that there needs to be a towel rack on the wall above the vanity.  The one towel rack is inside the shower-tub enclosure, and the only other place to keep bath linens is in a cubby hole underneath the vanity.  Otherwise, this place is ideal.  The location is great, right on the cusp of the Vieux Carre and the CBD, a close walk to the beautiful Canal Place Mall and Harrah's Casino, and right on the streetcar line.  We will be back.The staff here is incredible. Had a late night issue and Preston at the front desk was fantastic. Went above and beyond to help me out. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. Beautiful rooms and awesome holiday decorations.Decent hotel, GREAT location. The bed was super comfy and the staff were swift and to the point. Would have loved a little more personalization or a bit more hospitality but it is what it is.Decent hotel.
Great lounge.
In the heart of the city.
Rooms are a little small, no recycling receptacle as advertised, no continental breakfast like other Marriotts.
They do have a pool. 
Average room on the 19th floor.I don't like giving negative reviews, but man this hotel is not keeping up with other Marriott chains. Stayed here for a conference and for the price of rooms I expected more. Conference rooms had holes/scrapes on walls and ceilings, the elevators weren't working at least half of the time meaning many had to schlep up to their 20th+ floor or wait 25 minutes and hope for a non broken, non over filled elevator. Room towels were yellowed and stained. No vent in the bathrooms made for a SUPER muggy room after showers.
The location was good and it was convenient to walk places but for over $200 a night definitely go somewhere else!THE MARRIOTT HAS COMPLETELY RUINED MY VACATION! The resident managers Donald Payne and Sally Norman  are perfectly fine with the practice of having the valet  honk the horns of the cars 3 to 4 times per each turn through their parking structure as the valet drive your vehicle. No other hotel with valet service  in the FQ conducts business in this manner. Their stance is that it is for the safety of their hotel patrons. However, there is no self park. VALET PARKING IS $44 a night and subcontracted out. So basically the Marriott washes their hands with the valet parking behavior in every way. The Marriott parking structure could be equipped with mirrors at every turn but, they feel it is more important to honk the horn of the moving vehicle 3-4 time per turn to insure the safety that another valet Parker isn't coming from the opposite direction and doesn't smash into your car. THE MARRIOTT IS CLEARLY IN VIOLATION OF THE FRENCH QUARTER NOISE ORDINANCES. This is a horrible set up and I am here the let you know this hotel doesn't not care about you or anyone around them. Go to another near by hotel that cares about incessant unnecessary noise pollution and the well bring of others. (See video)Second time staying here...great hotel and great location. We were checked in by Cari W. We told her of our horrible previous night stay at a Quality Inn parksleepfly at Detroit airport. We settled into our room and a few hours later Cari sent up a bottle of wine and chocolate covered roses with a hand written note stating "hope your stay at our hotel will be a pleasant one".
Also Angela was our cleaning person for the week. She was fabulous....always smiling and greeting us every morning as we headed out on the town.
One negative...they advertised happy hour for Sunday football from 5-10 PM. When we ordered and asked about it the woman bartender was abrupt saying it's only 4-7. I offered to take a picture of the lobby add and she just ignored us and walked away. A little bitchy and was reflected in her 70 cent tip!I never had to pay for the room, so I'm not sure what it would've taken from my wallet, but I enjoyed the place.
The room was excellent. Couch with pull-out bed. Full kitchen. Spacious bathroom, comfortable bed. The bed on the pull-out couch was the most comfortable wannabe bed I've ever slept on. Swear to Louis Armstrong.
The wi-fi was good. No complaints. I just felt like we were all alone on our floor. Which was nice, but creepy.This hotel is close enough to the activity of the quarter, but far enough away to justify a family visit. Decent room size and awesome service. Very military friendly.We had an extremely pleasant 5-night stay at the New Orleans Marriott on Canal Street. The hotel is brilliantly set up for both business travelers and tourists. Transportation is super easy: just outside the hotel lobby you can easily catch a taxi, Uber, tour company bus, and the streetcar is just a couple of blocks away. The hotel's location is outstanding, and we were able to walk to the majority of the highlights we wanted to see in the French Quarter. Our room on the 38th floor was spotlessly clean, the bed was extremely comfortable, and the sheets and comforter were soft and of high quality. The temperature in the room was perfect, the room was extremely quiet, and when we closed the window coverings, the room was very dark. As a result of these perfect sleeping conditions, we slept exceptionally well every night and woke up refreshed and rested each morning. The breakfasts and evening culinary offerings at the M Club lounge were very, very good; the omelet station and wide variety of fresh, healthy and delicious breakfast items were available each morning. There was a nice variety of healthy and tasty dishes during the evening culinary offerings. There was not one problem with our stay, and we rate our experience at the New Orleans Marriott Canal Street an A+.Horrible service if you are of color. Reserved room a couple months in advance was told we would get 2 twin beds to accommodate my wife and 2 kids. Once we arrived from driving all the way from California we didn't get rooms we were promised. We end up having to pay extra $100 a night for upgrade so our kids would have room to sleep on the floor on air mattresses. For this price my children should have to sleep on the floor. Never will use them again. Oh we got a free breakfast for one day that's why they received 1 star.This Marriott manages volume.  1100 rooms are in the hotel, but the staff manages nicely, and the rooms are standard Marriott.  For rewards members, the club is excellent and the breakfast outstanding.  It's awesome every morning and the staff is helpful.  Negatives are the gym is horrible, with almost no equipment and too small a space to do more than treadmill.  Pools are nice and the location excellent.OK, this Marriott on Canal is centrally located. You can walk everywhere in the French Quarter in reasonably short time. The hotel bar & big screen appears to be really nice if your taken in the big game. Unfortunately my schedule didn't allow me to give a visit to this area. However the Saints were on the big screen as I was headed to the Quarter Sunday night  and it was rocking. 
The rooms are clean but in bad need of maintenance! Only one of the electrical receptacles worked properly. The AC/Filter was stuffed with dust in bad need of a filter change. The bathrooms are so small you can't hardly turn around. The ceilings are also very low. They are in need of an upgrade. 
Also the TV is a flat screen but very poor quality at night. In the day time when the room is full of sun it's fine. No safe in the rooms which I thought was really crazy. However there is a small refrigerator. The elevator system was the craziest thing I have ever seen but really efficient when you figure out what your doing. Never a long wait.
The staff was friendly and helpful. 
We stayed on the 36th floor with a wonderful view of the Mississippi and the river walk. 
Overall due to the fact I was comped by the Casio, it's hard to complain about the price. I would stay here again, just wouldn't be too excited and would not pay an exorbitant rate otherwise.New Cardiovascular Horizons Conference is great! The live cases are incredible. The Marriott was the perfect place to host the conference, all guests were very comfortable and clean. The Marriott is right near all of the action in the French Quarter.Good place.  Location is good because you are on a main road (Canal Street), but your are not right in the heart of the drunk madness.  Blocks from Bourbon street, so it's easy to walk, and close to some really good restaurants.
Because you are not right on Bourbon street, the prices are pretty good.  The rooms are clean and kept nice.  The service and staff all very nice.
I would recommend staying here.  It is in the French quarter!I bought a flight + hotel package through Expedia. This Marriott was priced well. When you arrive in the airport, if you have 2 people, take a taxi for $33. The airport shuttle will drop you at the Marriott doorstep for $20 per person. So, this is a good options for groups since taxi's start charging per person after 2 people. 
When we arrived to the hotel, the check in clerk advised us there were no more King's available. My fiance started to gripe about it since we booked a King and voila....a large King room was quickly produced. The hotel location is PERFECT. Close to all the action but far enough away so that you can sleep. The street car is right in front, French Quarter to the right, Bourbon street a couple blocks away. 
If you really want to save money, rent a bike from the concierge desk for the weekend. 
While we didn't go swimming, the pool looked really nice and the entire property was well maintained and updated. 
The only snafu was when the airport shuttle arrived, the bell staff failed to let us know, causing us to go running down the street chasing the van. Otherwise, the hotel was great!I was recently at the marriott for a conference.  I was staying at another hotel.   At the other hotel I fell and broke my ankle. From the time I got to the conference to when I left, the Marriott did so much to make sure I was comfortable. They let me borrow a wheel chair while I was in the hotel. Someone from the staff always seemed to be in the right place to open a door or send me down the wheel chair elevator.  The staff was a pleasure.   The conference center was very nice.  The coffee at the conference was good and plentiful. There was a Starbucks and a nicer Resturant at the hotel.  We ended up staying and doing more at the marriott than we had planned. They made an unpleasant situation as comfortable as possible for me.  Thanks marriot!Very nice Marriott and terrific location. When we first arrived, the line was lengthy for check-in, but they offered us champaigne while waiting in line. The lobby area had plenty of seating and had elegant decorations. 
The room was clean, which is the most important thing of all. Nothing spectacular about the room, but it was comfortable enough. Shower, toilet, and lighting worked just fine. The room was cleaned and bed was made every day, so no complaints there. 
Plenty of restaurants and bars within walking distance. Bourbon street is just a few blocks away. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New Orleans.Beautiful, clean hotel! Very friendly staff everywhere! Small room though and we had an end/corner room even though the girl at the front desk said that was an extra large room. I can't imagine what a regular size room looks like. The bathroom is so small with a very low ceiling. The shower is awful. If you are above 5'3" the shower head will hit you in the chest. The ceiling was fall down in the bathroom too. We were never told about us not being able to use the pool because it was under renovation until December. Other than that, food was great and staff was very helpful and friendly! Loved the concierge guys and gift/food shop girls!Mold. 
I had a migrane headache and bloodshot eyes for the entirety of my 5 night stay at the Marriott. Whenever I went out to lunch or left for a couple of hours, the symptoms would disapate, but then return immediately after coming back in. I had to explain that I had mold sensitivites (and was not on heavy drugs) to every professional contact I made at the conference. On the last night, I ended up going to the hospital because I was pretty sure something was really wrong since my vision was blurring and the room was spinning. NOPE- just a really unhygenic hotel. Everyone I knew from the conference was having some sort of allergic or cold-related symptoms, except for the few people staying in the newer of the two towers. 
Please don't let anyone elderly or imuno-compromised stay here. I'm young and generally healthy... and survived (though, still not back to 100%). I really wish I would have jumped ship and stayed at at another hotel right away.A friend originally booked a couple of rooms at the Best Western from hotels.com not too far from here for a bachelor's party. However, prior to our arrival the people from hotels.com had contacted my friend and notified him that due to the heavy rain, the Best Western had been flooded and that we had been moved to the New Orleans Marriott. Sweet!!
We arrived here on a Friday night. The lobby was super packed and the line to check in was pretty long. We waited a little bit before it was our turn. We had requested for rooms with two double beds plus a roll away bed in each room to accommodate all six of us. However, they didn't have anymore availability for doubles rooms and as such we were upgraded to a larger corner room with a King bed and we were also provided with a $50 bar credit and a $120 breakfast buffet credit for six at the 5 Fifty 5 bar at the lobby. SUPER SWEET!!
The elevators in the hotel is pretty sweet, too. You don't have tons of buttons inside the elevator, but instead, when you're calling for an elevator you press the floor you want to go to and it will tell you which elevator you should wait at. For example, I was staying on the 37th floor, so when I'm calling for an elevator, I'd press 37 and the display will then show something like, "E" and and arrow pointing me where to go. This tells me that I should wait by the E elevator. Schweet, right? This way, there's no way some drunk asshole or some bratty kid get on the elevator with you will press all the buttons for the floors between the lobby and 37. 
When we got to our rooms, the beds were comfortable; the bathrooms were clean, and even the roll away beds were comfortable. There's plenty of extra pillows in the closet and plenty of towels. The only downside is the door seems to be pretty thin, as you walk down the hallway, you can definitely hear the noises from inside the room.
The amenities that the hotel provides is meh. Internet is $12.95 per day. Come on! I mean, I bitch about having to pay $40 internet PER MONTH! And I'm forced to pay a third that for a day. Ridiculous.
Parking is $38 per day. Yes, THIRTY EIGHT FREAKING DOLLARS! Is real estate really that expensive here? Or does Marriott just love milking their guests? I'm going to go with the latter.
So, if you drive here and need WiFi, that's already an additional $50/day on top of what you're paying for the room. And let's not forget the tax, alright? They add up quick. Boo for these and hence I'm taking away one star.
Other than my disappointment in the high charge for internet and parking, my stay was otherwise enjoyable.  If you're considering to stay here, remember to factor in internet and parking to your budget.This hotel is just OK. Very large and crowded as a result. Staff is very helpful. Rooms are very dated. Good location on Canal St. Street car is right across the street and Bourbon St is a block away.I went to this hotel as a vacation guest. Conveniently located on one end of the French Quarter, the hotel staff were welcoming, check-in was quick, and the room I was given had a great view of the Quarter. Located on Canal Street, near Decatur, I found the location extremely convenient.  After a day of shopping in the French Quarter, the hotel was close enough we could come drop off bags, freshen up and head back out for the night.  It was in a quiet location, as a female traveler, had no issues with security.  As a frequent business traveler, I loved having a Starbucks on-site. Overall, very impressed with location, safety and staff friendliness. I will be going back to that location for future New Orleans trips.Stayed here last week for a conference. Pretty nice hotel with a big lobby restaurant/bar area. The room was super nice, but a little on the small side for 4 people. Get a suite if you can afford it.
I did knock a star off because the service when we arrived was way better than the service we got when checking out. We wanted to add some names to the room receipt for funding reimbursements (we're students). Every other conference we've been to, the hotels were more than happy to add those names.... except THIS one! Not sure if anyone else on here would have a similar situation to ours, but just a heads up that they can be picky about that, for some reason.My wife and I just spent our first night. The service is great and the lobby is huge but the rooms are extremely small. The bathroom is barely big enough for one person. For the money, I would expect more in regards to the room.Stayed here at the end of my trips because the Harrahs was all booked and the only rooms they had available were at the marriott.  When I first entered the room like other reviews, my room had a vintage smell to it as well as the main light not functioning whatsoever.  Although the employees there were great, my one complaint was how they overcharged my credit card and had to spend several days having these charges adjusted. It does have a good location so I was able to walk to everywhere I wanted to dine and see during this trip and I would say one of the few beds I have slept on that gave me back and shoulder problems.  Could be my old age as well.Great hotel!!! Fantastic location in downtown Nola!! Staff is great...
 Cons: prices r expensive especially at the hotel bar, elevators r complicated system n when there is a big conference in wait times 4 your elevator can b lengthy.. concierge mid to below average... they recommended multiple locations that r 3 stars on yelp... asked for dinner recommendations with a 9 month old n sent us to a place that was not kid friendly. Internet not free. All in all I would come back n stay here again now knowing what 2 expect.Great location close to everything on the French quarter.... Had a cockroach in the room and hardly any hot water in the mornings!This place was awesome. Took care of all of our needs. The view of the city from our room was breath taking. Everywhere we needed to go was only a few blocks away from the hotel. Valet was quick retrieving our car as we checked in and out.. Front desk was  wonderful. I will definitely stay here again.I stayed here as part of a conference which was paid for by work so I can't really rate the cost aspect of things.  I think it was $145 for the conference group rate.
The rooms were nice.  The TV was not a flat screen, which is a bit disappointing these days.  But, then again, who stays in and watches TV in New Orleans?  Major annoyance: having to pay for internet in the room.  I realize that most people do not sit on the internet all day in the room, but $15 is a bit much.  Wireless is free in the lobby area, so that was convenient.
The lobby was quite nice, and the bar area.  I had the breakfast buffet one morning and dinner at the restaurant one evening.  Both were delicious, although a bit too pricey.
I would consider staying here again.  It was conveniently located to Bourbon Street, the casino, and other areas.Standard hotel room but exceptional service and great location. I had access to the M Club which had an awesome breakfast in the mornings and nice appetizers in the evenings. Their award winning gumbo was the absolute best I had in New Orleans. Downside was that the lobby is very very noisy but the staff were amazing, super friendly and helpful.Customer Service: good. Everyone was nice and approachable.
Internet Connection: very poor. If you want to get online, go elsewhere. I had to call the internet company (iBahn) customer service line 4x in one day before I just gave up.
Rooms: I've stayed here twice. Once in the hot, sweaty summer in June and this time around during a "freeze warning". The second time, I got one of their corner suites. It has a conference room table, kitchennette, big flat screen TV, couch with two armchairs and a king-size fold-down bed. It's very roomy!
Location: is very prime. Right near the convention center, 20 minutes from the airport, walking distance from Bourbon St. and basically anywhere you want to be. 
This place received an "A-OK" status due to its nice customer service, clean rooms, and location.Three stars for great staff and an overall very clean room and bathroom. Docking stars for the severe lack of basic guest amenities (room safe, mini-fridge, bath soap) and a ridiculously small bathroom.
Staff: Kudos to the staff. Every single person we met was friendly and helpful. They went out of their way to make sure you knew where you were going. Fred, one of the bellmen in particular, was great. 
Room: I stayed on the 28th floor of the taller of the two towers. Luckily I had very courteous neighbors because the walls were a little thin - I could hear my neighbor's smartphone alarm buzzing (buzzing not ringing!). I was far enough away from the elevator to not hear much traffic and that was helpful. But I could still hear emergency vehicle traffic from 28 floors up. Also, there are no safes or refrigerators in the rooms. This is 2014 and New Orleans - why isn't there a safe in the room?!  There is not much else to say about the room because it wasn't anything special. Old wallpaper, very basic furniture, no pictures, no fancy iPod alarm clock, no snacks offered for $5 each. Just...nothing.
Bathroom: Claustrophobics beware. You CANNOT fit more than one person in the bathroom. I'm a small person and I kept banging into the door because there just was not enough room in the bathroom to move around. And if you are over 6' tall you are probably going to have to bend down to actually fit in the bathroom because the ceiling is so low. Forget fancy bath amenities- there are none. One sliver of a bar of soap was all that was provided to use between washing my hands in the sink and washing my body in the shower. The hair dryer was circa 1990. However, the shower heads were wonderful and there was hot water.
Cleanliness: The room was very clean. White bedspreads, white linens, white towels. The floor was older carpeting that was way too plush but still it was clean. The bathroom was spotless, except for a little bit of mold at the top of the shower tiling. 
Elevators: I had read terrible things about the elevators. It's one of those systems where you punch in your floor and the screen tells you which elevator to take. There were seven elevators for our tower and it worked fine when there was no one around. But dump a bunch of conventioneers into the lobby and holy heck it becomes a 10 minute minimum wait for an elevator going up or going down!
Lobby: Spacious with a fun hotel/bar lounge area. The onsite Starbucks is nice to have too. 
Location: One entrance opens to Canal Street, the other opens directly into the French Quarter. It's a great location if you are looking to have fun in the French Quarter. But it's a haul from the Convention Center and there are better hotels closer to the Morial CC.
To echo Sara M.s review: Very plain and boring. I hope the high room rate is going to pay the wonderful staff because it certainly isn't going towards any modern amenities for the guests.After only staying one night at this hotel, I am already a huge fan of the place. What more could you ask for? It's right on Canal Street and about 2-3 blocks away from Bourbon Street and also walking distance to the French Quarters. On the other direction, opposite from Bourbon Street, the hotel is also walking distance to Harrah's Casino, Pinkberry, and Shops at Canal mall. 
The lobby of this hotel is very nice and artsy. The rooms and bed are nice with plenty of pillows for the guest. I might also add, it has a roof top pool! I took advantage of that after a long, half-of-a-day in New Orleans. The pool is between the 2 towers of the hotels and has a view of Canal Street on one side and a view of the Mississippi on the other side. 
Regardless if you want to stay at this particular hotel or not, there are also other nearby Marriott hotels! Stick with Marriott, they'll make your visit very welcoming and enjoyable!Great location, never have to wait for an elevator,  very nice lobby, responsive staff. But rooms are not a good value. There's nowhere to hang towels or anything and no fan on the small bathroom so it fogs up quickly. The rooms are a bit cramped. Our bathtub wasn't cleaned on 1 day of our stay. Curtains don't close so the sunlight blared through the room early in the morning. Also only 2 bathtowels were provided. They gave us more on request but then housekeeping didn't replace them with enough new clean towels. Ive stayed at Harrah's,  Westin, and Hilton all in that area and would recommend those over the Marriott.I stayed at this hotel during the Essence Music Fest and was totally impressed. They gave us a room in the newly renovated tower on the 32nd floor. The room had a great view and the bedding was divine. The bed was so comfy with the feather topper it made me want to stay in bed all day. The front desk, housekeepers, and restaurant/bar staff was courteous and professional. I loved that there as a Starbucks and store right on the premises. Because I was there for a fest, I was happy to know the hotel was in walking distance of the Convention Center and not far from the Superdome. There were several places to eat nearby and taxi's were plentiful, so no need for a rental. The only downfall is that there is no FREE WIFI. I hope to be able to stay here next year!I stayed there for one saturday night while in town for a company christmas party.  The location is perfect.  Only a few blocks to Bourbon, the mall, places to eat, everything.  The hotel was very nice inside.  Rooms were clean, but small.  I didnt mind though.  I dont know the cost since it was paid for by my company, so I cant rate it among costs.  I would guess that if its more than $200 a night, then i wouldn't  pay it.  My girlfriend had a problem with the restaurant downstairs.  She didnt get along with a waitress.  
Hotel concierge service was great.  I forgot toothpaste and one of them gave me a couple free travel tubes for the night.  
Bed was very comfortable, soft, big...Good luck getting waited on.. Once you do... The wine is reasonable & yummy. The food is good, but I just can't stand being blatantly ignored.Everyone is so accommodating which is something you'd expect from a hotel BUT what a relief it was to have curb side service after getting off of clbusy Canal St. The staff was pleasant. I loved our bellmen - Derrick and Travis. They both made sure we got what we needed and Travis unconsciously reminded us it was Palm Sunday and was able to tell where mass was. Our bartender even made us a peach margarita instead of a regular one when they couldn't get us a strawberry. Complimentary bottle water is plus here!Enjoyed my stay here although parking was somewhat problematic. Room was clean and the view was very nice. Concierge was able to have beignets brought up to our suite early morning, very good service.The only thing good about this hotel is the location.  We checked in at 3 PM and our room wasn't ready until 8 PM.  The room was dirty and and you could hear the elevators going up and down through the walls of the room.  For what this place costs I expected much more.Excellent location. 
Check in staff are wonderful. 
Gold and Platinum members have access to a unique M Lounge experience. We're enjoying the omelettes and breakfast buffet.This place has been wonderful. Walking distance to all the hot spots!  Bourbon Street, Royal Street, great nightlife, restaurants, and just an all around pleasure to stay at. They have been great. Everyone very helpful. This is my 3rd and final night staying here on my business trip, so this isn't just a one night stay review.  They have been very accommodating, making sure my needs were met. 
Being this close to Bourbon street, you can expect some Rowdy people staying here. This place was quiet. Someone barfed right outside my door a couple feet and I had no clue until leaving the following morning. In other words, this place must be insulated well because I didn't hear them throwing up!  It was about a 15-20 feet trail. And it was cleaned up fast.  This is the type of stuff you can expect. The pool is pretty cool. It's all lit up with blue lights and is fun to hang out at. 
Thank you New Orleans Marriott for the great stay!  This is an ideal place with a perfect location!  I will be back!Recently had a very bad stay at this Marriott. I travelled down with a group of friends for my girlfriend's birthday. I booked the room using my Marriott points. I am Marriott Platinum for 5+ years. I stay at Marriotts over 90 nights / year. I called in advance to request a room with two beds because we were sharing with friends. When I arrived, I checked in and went to my room. It was an awesome corner room overlooking the river but it only had a single king size bed :-(.  I had to call down and change rooms. Went down to get the keys and they sent me to a room with two double beds that was filthy. It had not been made up. I called down again and they sent me up keys to another room. At this point I noticed the new keys didn't have M club access. After checking I was informed that the keys were not mine they were for another guest.  Three strikes  I went down to the desk and asked to speak to a manager. Greg apologized and told me if I could wait that he would upgrade me to a suite. Of course I said ok. We grabbed a couple drinks at the bar then about 2 hours later I got a text that my room was ready. I went back to elite member check in and was told that was a mistake that my room was not ready. Then i got a call from the Manager, Greg, telling me that he was sorry that the suite would not be available and after al that they put me in a regular room. Greg did say that he was going to refund my points because of what i had been through. He did not. At this point zero points have been refunded. As I was checking out - i talked to another manager, recounted my experiences on check in. She was gracious enough to cover the valet parking charges for two nights. 
Summary = Great location. Beautiful Hotel. Unfortunately they cannot seem to manage the checkin process or what rooms they have available. Net-net, it was a bad enough experience that I will not be staying at this hotel on my next trip to NOLA.Being disabled they tried to charge me 120, extra for my room, I spoke to the front desk 7 times for the room, It took me forever to get my refund, Stayed at the Hyatt French Quarter, free breakfast, never a problem at the Hyatt, great cus ser, neat and clean, thank youDo not stay here unless you want to wait 30 min for the elevators--particularly if there is a conference! Probably the worst, most inefficient elevator system I've ever dealt with.We just visited New Orleans for the first time last month and having never been there, we decided to pick a well known hotel chain.  We were not dissapointed with our choice.  It was within walking distance of everything important in and around the French Quarter, but it was just removed enough to feel like we were getting away from the hustle and bustle at the end of the night (or in the middle of the day if some down time was needed).  The pool area is nice, but it is between two buildings so it's not in the sunshine for the entire day (which some would see as a  pro).
It was clean, cool, and comfortable - which is all I ask for when I'm traveling!We had originally booked at the Westin down the street but several issues when we arrived had us scouring around the city to find another hotel. The staff at the Westin got us set up at the Marriott. Needless to say upon arriving at the Marriott we were almost in tears dragging our luggage all over town after a long ride in. G greeted us to check us in and instantly turned our day around. She was patient with us, gave wonderful recommendations and was so accommodating. I can't explain how she turned our trip around and we are so grateful!The rooms are comfortable but the housekeeping service is very unkind. They ignored service requests and were nothing short off rude on the phone every time we spoke to them. It really was unbelievable. Mandatory valet service and mandatory bell hop service amounts to extortion.Stayed here for a conference.
Price was average for the amenities.
Room was just OK.  Pillows and beds, just average.  Walls too thin, doors too heavy.
Slamming doors all night long.
The condensation that built up inside the windows accounts for the musty smell.
The bathroom is small.
Do the valets really need to honk the horns every time they turn a corner?  How about slowing down instead of blaring the horn.  We can hear you on the 12th floor (at midnight)! 
But my biggest complaint is the WiFi.
At this point in our society, should I really have to pay for 24 hour blocks of access.
After paying for it, one would think you can actually use it.  Apparently not on my floor.
The coverage was spotty and after an hour on the phone with the help desk, nada.
Ran across the street to the courtyard (Free there) and boom.  Works fine.
Went to the front desk to see if they could help.  Nope, call the 800 number.
Did I mention that I was here for work?  
So overall not very business person friendly.
The elevators are an aggravation.  If efficiency was the plan, I think you may have missed the mark.  
How about some premium TV?  Not so much.
Not that I want to spend time in the room, but its just that everything is a la carte.
I imagine that our conference dropped a couple of bucks to have the meeting space, so how about providing some amenities to encourage our return.This hotel really rides the line of being ok and not actually being ok. The beds seem clean, are comfortable, and the staff are really, really nice. The location is fine - close enough to but also far enough from all the Latin Quarter drama. I'm here for a conference so I really only need a clean bed and a hot shower, and this room delivers. However, the room has some serious issues you really don't expect would be even on the radar for a hotel at this price point. For example: 
The toilet paper is less than 1 ply. It's a half ply. We were at the Louisiana welcome center, and the TP was more convincing in its job performance. This is the kind of TP that makes you pretty sure the management didn't want to provide TP at all, but felt compelled to do so out of cultural expectation. This is begrudgingly provided toilet paper. This is toilet paper you can see through, in Cajun food country. 
The cable doesn't seem to have been paid, or perhaps it's more parsimonious to say out tv may be broken. No channel comes in clear. And I'm not fancy. We are talking about like.. there's no CNN. That said, the pay-per-view channel is crystal clear. So, if you want to pay extra.. you know. Go for that. They definitely put their little "tip the host" card right on the broken tv's remote so you can associate those things together easily in your mind. I know it's not her fault, she's probably a super nice lady and the room is clean, but putting your card on a broken aspect of the room is just awkward. 
The room is REALLY noisy. And this isn't NoLa street noise (which actually isn't that bad in this location, to Its credit), this is hotel noise. I wish I could record it for this review, but I don't know how. Theres intermittent loud beeping, like and alarm, but always the same duration so it probably isn't an alarm. There's a motor sound and a clicking/slapping sound that go on all day and all night, with no obvious machine to blame it on. It sounds like someone is slapping shoes together to get the mud out. But they're doing an entire elementary school worth after recess in the rain. There's a blowing air sound that doesn't seem associated with any obviously blowing air. There's also a tinny rattling sound that is intermittent. It's not the end of the world, but it's over 30 stories in the air and it's still really loud. If I hadn't brought noise cancelling earphones, we would have had to request a different room because it was so loud last night. 
So yea that's about it. As I said, it's habitable. But it's just habitable. Don't come here expecting to be overly comfortable because of the cost of it. It's not that kind of place from my experience, and there are so many really luxurious places in this city for the same price or cheaper, especially mid-week. But the staff are really nice.+Convenient location
+Rates are reasonable
+HUGE hotel
+Starbucks in the lobby
+Staff is friendly
+Gym facilities is pretty spacious, cardio equipment is updated & well maintained
-Old rooms and could use a make-over
-Ridiculous fee to use wirelessI have stayed at many Marriott or Host locations,but this has taken the spot for my least favorite location.
THE GOOD - rooms were decent in size and the beds were very comfortable (pretty standard).  The hotel is in a great location to use the public bus and walking distance from Bourbon St.  The valet staff was great and by far the best group of the hotel!  
THE BAD - Overall the staff just wasn't very friendly.  The bar staff was especially bad.  Had to wait too long for overpriced drinks and one time flat out ignored.   Who would want to pay more $$$ for slow and rude service.  The first night there was a cockroach walking around in our room.  We smashing against the wall before it ran down to the floor.  When we notified the front desk about our special guest they asked "what would you like us to do?"  The front desk agreed to come clean the wall immediately and spray the room for bugs during housekeeping.  Long story short the smashed bug was with us for the entire weekend and I'm sure no one ever sprayed for bugs.  We asked for extra towels and it took 30 mins for the towels to arrive.
I enjoyed my first time in New Orleans and plan on returning when it isn't so hot and humid.  When I do return, I will not be staying at this location nor will be recommending it.
Two stars for location and the valet staff.Beautiful lobby, great location on Canal street.  My friends stayed here so I just mooched off of them.  The only downside was the expensive parking, but that's really characteristic of most hotels within this class.
We had a beautiful view from the 30th floor.Love this hotel and location, only stayed 2 nights since it was sold out.  Walking distance to Decatur Street, half a block away from Royal Street and then another block from Bourbon.  They have these fancy modern elevators where you enter your room number on the ground floor and a central processor assigns the elevators to your room floor.  It seems to be overly complicated but whatever.  In the morning they have a beignet table and bloody mary bar in the lobby where they make them in front of you!  Also a Starbucks shop in the lobby too. I didn't try the restaurant inside but it looked good.  There's so many other great restaurants nearby I don't see a reason.
The room is pretty spacious and larger than most hotels in the city.  I got a room for 2 nights for $75 each on priceline, which is a steal.  It normally costs $200-250 a night especially on weekends.  The only negative is that parking is more expensive here then other hotels or parking lots. I think it's $40 for overnight, but its within walking distance of other places to park.
For location, comfort, and value it's hard to beat in NOLA.  For the price we paid, it's as good as you can get.Marriott has claimed they conducted an investigation and found no bed bugs.  Then why the heck did me and my colleagues get bitten by bugs all over our legs?  
I will never stay at a Marriott ever again.  They are the worst chain in America.Being a Platinum Marriott member, I've stayed quite a bit in New Orleans. I think this hotel sits in between 3-4 stars, as there are both pros and cons to staying here.
First, the cons. The main one is that the bathroom has a drop ceiling, making it extremely short (7ft?) given the moisture, it was starting to yellow, and it made an already small bathroom feel incredibly cramped. The room was nice, but a bit dated.
On the plus side, the M lounge and bar area in the lobby are nice, and the hotel offers some fantastic views on upper floors. The location is very nice on Canal as well.
Ultimately, this Marriott offers some nice amenities, but with so many other properties in the area it wouldn't be my first choice.I stayed here over Halloween...and I got a trick instead of a treat....BEDBUGS!
I wish I had seen the earlier review...I had the exact same experience...I thought it was mosquitos and didn't think anything of it...now I'm camped out on my couch, have thrown away a good portion of my bedding and am waiting for the exterminator! I'll be spending the weekend washing everything I own and throwing away even more valued possesions because of this Marriot....I am not a happy couch camper.....  
I have since been reading several sites for reviews....and many mention the bed bug issue....be careful....it's no fun.The room was clean and quiet and the staff was friendly! 
I thought it was overpriced for what you got, even with the specially discounted rate for the marathon, but it was walking distance to the start - sometimes, one must pay for convenience!This was to date the most unpleasant hotel we have experienced. We paid extra for the river view on line but upon arrival the gave us street view.  The room smelled like cigarettes and cologne. For us it was unbearable. To add to our disappointment the lady at the counter was aloof and didn't really care about our river view and made up some story why it didn't matter. We did not get what we paid for. We asked for our money back and moved on.Stopped by to visit relatives from out-of-town. It's a busy place and different banquettes of elevators depending on what floor you're staying. The rooms are small and dated with an adequate bathroom, but offered a decent view of Canal street. At sunset, that was a bonus. 
The real star here is the swimming pool. The kids had to all to themselves and it's quite large. Many places to stretch out with a cool, cool beverage and relax far away from the maddening crowds of Bourbon Street.Was in NOLA for a conference at the Marriott. Rate was $160 a night plus taxes. Stayed for five nights. You can't beat the location - right on the business district and blocks away from The French Quarter. Be warned though, this is a conference hotel as well as a family reunion hotel. Guests check-in by the bus-loads! The lobby is always busy with guests people-watching, waiting for their ride or meeting up with the rest of their group. The standard rooms are not all the same. Some of us got a larger room, some Accessible, some with hardly any closet space. The room I got was an Accessible corner room with a large bathroom. Beds are not that comfortable and came with four small pillows and three large square ones. The 55 Fahrenheit Lounge  is a fun place to have a few drinks and the view from the 41st floor Lounge is amazing! You shouldn't miss the breakfast buffet and dinner at the 5 Fifty 5. We tried their $25 three-course special - Cup of Gumbo, Two Lobster Tails stuffed wirh Gulf Shrimp and Bread Pudding. Delicious topped with excellent service. The hotel has all the other amenities you would expect from a Marriott - pool, fitness center, business center, FedEx center and Starbucks. One thing that stood out during our stay was the service provided by the staff - from the room attendant to the doorman to the wait staff and George from the Front Desk... consistently attentive and friendly.This review is about the valet parking service and not the hotel. Last night we met relatives at the hotel and parked our car there. We returned about 11pm and while it was Friday night, the valet service was not busy with probably 5-6 employees on site. I presented my slip, paid my bill and waited........  and waited and waited. One attendent came over to inquiry and said he would check and get back. He said it should be coming soon.  It did not.  Another attendent suggested I go back to the pay window and ask what the problem was.  I was told, "we can't find your keys, what kind of car is it?"   When I told them the kind of rental car I had, the attendant looked on the wall, immediately to the right of his head, where my keys were hanging, and said, "Oh, these must be yours."   Total time waiting for my car was about 45 minutes. No apology, no refund offered.  Inexcusable.What a wonderful experience. The hotel is so beautiful and in a perfect location. The M Club is excellent to take care of all your snacking and dining needs. Deidre was so kind. She made us feel like we were at her home. 
The food in the M Club was delicious. Especially the Seafood gumbo. Check in was quick and simple and again the customer service can't be beat. You feel like you are staying with friends. 
I cannot wait to come backNice hotel, nice rooms, great atmosphere in the lobby.  We were staying at the Marriott during the BCS Championship weekend. While the place was over-run all weekend long, everyone did a good job.  Only complaint would be the air conditioning never got cold enough - not really dinging them for that since we didn't request maintenance.I am only rating the hotel three stars as the bathroom in the room I stayed was extremely small.   Bathrooms are an important part of hotel stays. If you were 5 feet or shorter, then the shower would be perfect for you in this room. I about strained my back trying to wash my hair, b/c I had to hunch over quite a bit (I am 5,9). If you are taller than 6 feet, then I wish you good luck trying to shower.I would give this hotel a solid 4 stars. The room and views were awesome, the bed was super comfortable, the service at check-in was amazing, and the service to our room was great. My main complaint would be the $45.00 a night valet charge and the room noise. 
I understand they can't do much about the room noise, but it sounded like a semi truck starting and stopping all night in the room. Don't know if it is the elevators or the street cars below? 
The valet charge seems a bit excessive, I understand that all the hotels charge it, some for even more a night, but it's just an easy way to make a lot of money. If it was half that price I  would be okay with it, or if you let me park my car myself for half, that would be okay to. 
Overall it is a great location to stay. Close to everything.Perfect location for food and entertainment in New Orleans. Nice bar area and a full Starbucks. Spacious, clean rooms. The concierge lounge is on the first floor, which is unusual, but still a nice space.I debated whether this was a 4 or 5. Ultimately this Marriott gets the top rank because of the exceptional service of its employees. 
The room was nothing special, and certain parts of the hotel show its age.  The Marriott Club was located on the first floor. I found this sort of strange. Most large Marriott Hotels will have their M Club's on higher floors.  
The M Club at this hotel is excellent!  The people that worked in the M Club provided superior service. This particular Marriott Club is connected to the Hotel restaurant. At most M Clubs the afternoon snack is really that......just a snack. 
This Marriott Club offered restaurant quality food as its afternoon snacks. Things like marinara meatballs, assorted cheese boards, lobster mac & cheese, salad, gumbo, and a very good pepperoni and cheese pizza. 
This is a perfect place to recharge in the early afternoon. Its not the best idea to wait in line at some neat New Orleans eatery on an empty stomach. The wait at some of these restaurants can be anywhere from 90 minutes to 2 hours. 
The M Club also offer's a full breakfast bar in the morning. The breakfast is delicious. There are  many different items to choose from.  
The concierge was helpful in providing dining and entertainment options.  This hotel is a great location from the French Quarter and the Warehouse District. 
It is right in the middle of everything.
I would definitely come back!Great conference facilities, and a decent Sazerac near the French Quarter, but the rest is lacking.  
Rooms could really use a makeover.  The coffee pot had no outlet near it, and had so short a cord it had to be used in the bathroom. 
The wireless was also expensive for a daily rate.  I'm tired of conference hotels doing this stupid scheme.  Just give free wireless and build the cost into the daily rate so I can expense the cost.  Additional daily rates serve no purpose (especially with 4G phone technology) except to make things a pain.  Get with the times Marriott.The choice of the New Orleans Marriott (555 Canal) was a "no brainer". Its proximity to the French Quarters and local businesses activities is ideal. 
However, I have never known any hotel large or small without free WIFI for guest. It is amazing that the hotel promotes conveniently located near a FedEx store and Starbucks as an added amenities but fail to see the convenience of free WIFI.
I have taken the New Orleans Marriott (555 Canal) off of places to stay whenever in New Orleans.This Marriott is older so expect everything that comes with that. They need to remodeled.
The price is not bad though so take the good with the bad on this one...
It is well located for tourist stuff. If you do not like outside noise than stay away from this property. Even with the windows closed you will hear lots of street noise.
There is a train that goes by often enough to be a problem if you are a light sleeper.
The windows do not seal properly but also cannot be opened. They are very old.
The staff is friendly for the most part. I would be very careful with the valet service which is mandatory. They do not offer self parking. I had a very bad experience with them and had to get Marriott corporate involved to get my car fixed. The valet is not owned by Marriott and they are not to be trusted. Check your car for damage each time and do not leave valuables in your car. New Orleans is a great place though but it has all the issues of a big city so stay sharp...We got a very reasonable price for this hotel by naming our own price on Priceline.com. Needless to stay the room was a bit small but it was clean and we have no real complaints. We also encountered a manager named Paul Faith who literally went above and beyond in the hospitality department! NOLA is a great city & this Marriott did not disappoint. Great location!When planning to go away for a weekend in New Orleans, our group had just a few goals for our lodging: good location, clean and on the cheap. The Marriott was all of these. Since it was the official hotel of Voodoo Fest we got a cheaper rate of $129/night. The rooms were simple and clean and the beds were incredibly comfortable. We stayed on the 15th floor of the quarter tower and had a great view of Canal Street. Hotel was in a great location. We were just a block and a half south of Bourbon and a half block north of Decatur. The streetcar is an easy method of transport to/from the hotel to further destinations and at only a buck twenty five, a steal!If you're a Harrah's Rewards card holder, you can actually stay here for free if you're lucky.  That's how I scored a recent two-night weekend stay here.
Check-in was fast and easy.  The room was free, but parking for 2 nights was a hefty $67 (in-and-out privileges are nice).
We had a comfortable room on the 18th floor in the Quarter Tower with great views of Canal Street.  I loved the citrusy Bath & Body Works amenities (though my friend commented it smelled like lemon Pledge!).  The bed was extremely comfortable, with a ton of pillows and a lovely duvet.  Wish it had a room fridge, though.
Unlike others, I really enjoyed having the elevators assigned to you.  Over two nights, we maybe had to share the elevator with one or two other people with 1 other stop only once or twice.  The rest of the time, we were whisked directly to our 18th level floor (as opposed to getting on with 12 other people and having to make 3 stops before getting up to your level).
The best part of the hotel was its location, on the edge of the French Quarter.  Bourbon Street was only a couple of blocks away and so was Jackson Square - everything we wanted and needed to do was within a 10-minute easy, safe walk, yet we weren't in the midst of all the noise and crazy crowds.  There are a ton of restaurants all within spitting distance.
Thumbs up!They over charged me for a night. I wouldn't have even noticed had I not checked my credit card bill because the statement they emailed me and the amount I was charged was almost $200 difference. Now I have to wait 3-5 days to get a refund due to their error.I stayed here for 4 nights recently. The hotel is conveniently located (within walking distance) to Bourbon street (French Quarters) and the convention center. The rooms are nice and clean but I did not find the bed very comfortable. The mattress was lumpy. The shower was the best part of the room.  Also, the hotel bar is good for beer and wine but not for cocktails.Nice and tall two tower hotel that is very close walking distance to Bourbon Street and the French Quarter.  The rooms are excellent.  The concierge is friendly and helpful.  There are two large rectangular pools side by side on a roof between the towers. One pool is eight foot deep and the other is more shallow for kids.  The staff said the pool was temperature controlled, but it was pretty cold getting into it until you were able to get used to it.  It was only April when we were there and I bet it's refreshing in the summer months.  They do not have a whirlpool/hot tub which was a little disappointing.
In the lobby, their is a Starbucks and a FedEx office center.  The office center comes in handy to check in and print airline boarding passes.  You have to pay for Wifi in the rooms though unless you are an elite Marriot Rewards member.  Wifi is free in the lobby though.Enjoyed our stay as a way to relax after a long work week. Loved our room. The bed was very comfortable and they had great sheets. the shower was awesome and totally relaxed me after spending the day walking around the city.
Only issue was they didn't have my Booking.com reservation that was made a week earlier.This review is strictly for the M Club, nothing else at the Marriott, a lounge for gold members or Marriott credit card holders.  All others may access the club for a fee.  The M Club offers a full, hot breakfast and there is an omelet station.  Dinner is also available. Most nights there is a gumbo, salad and charcuterie.  The hot offerings rotate.  I saw seafood and regular quesadillas, meatball sliders, and some veggies.  Coffee, tea, hot chocolate and soda is available 24hrs a day.  Alcohol is only available for purchase after 4pm, but I think you can bring in your own alcohol after dinner service ends. Dinner is not spectacular, but an excellent alternative to going out. Yes, you can wear a hoodie, sweatpants and flip flops. No one cares.  I have one complaint which is that when the lounge is busy it is understaffed.  It would be smart to have an area where patrons can deposit their dirty dishes, rather than leave them on the table. That being said, the staff (Deibi in particular), is super welcoming and friendly making the M Club a great place to hang out any time of day.Where do I begin, we have stayed at several hotels and brands throughout the US, this was by far the BEST Marriott stay we have ever encountered. We just needed a quick getaway to enjoy life. Enjoli checked us in and was wonderfully pleasant. We had a Jr Suite with Mississippi River view. The room was clean and comfortable. She made sure we were aware of everything the hotel offered. We purchased the M Club/ lounge access and I was looking forward to the benefits but I had some concerns about the food options since I've recently tried to reduce  meat intake from my diet. The evening reception (5p-7p) as well as the breakfast buffet had several vegetarian/  nonmeat options for me to enjoy .  The buffet hours were long whether an early riser or late bird on the weekend ( 630a-12p). There were also options to purchase additional beverages (including alcohol) and food items from a menu. Kadijah, the server in the Lounge was really friendly and attentive. There is a Starbucks, a full bar, a store for other purchases and a restaurant on site. The location was very close to Bourbon and French quarter attractions. The only hang-up to some extent during the stay was valet. It is almost $50 and they were kind of slow on this particular weekend but still provided great service. They have several floors of cars (the hotel has over 1300 rooms) and the machine that helps them to get each floor was broken, I'm sure this is the main reason for delays. They had a very long line on the day of checkout buttons of workers , everyone was working so hard to take care of those arriving and checking out. Each member of the staff we encountered provided excellent customer service throughout the entire hotel. Looking forward to future visits.Fantastic venue! Hands down one of the nicest Marriott Flagship hotels I've stayed in during my travels. Lobby is renovated and has a great bar area that comprises almost the entire lobby. Starbucks has a space, a full size retail space inside the lobby.
Our checkin was quick and swift. I wanted to see New Orleans from a top floor. I was granted the wish, we looked out of the River tower on the 40th floor. Gorgeous view back toward the lake and could see French qtr, as well as up and down Canal Street.
The room was spacious, the staff came up after we checked in to see if we needed anything, it was great with nice soaps and shampoos and of course that great Marriott shower head.
All in all I had no complaints, we were treated like royalty during Mardi Gras. I'd recommend a higher floor view, elevators are very fast up and down, so there is little waiting.Not what I'm used to. Read my tip regarding service at this hotel. Great location but that's about it. I've been at worse hotels but I expected more. There are so many choices here to not get money's worth.I've traveled a bit and know a great hotel when I see it. (N.B. I could care less about the luxury stuff. So your mileage may vary.) The location on the edge of the French Quarter in NOLA was perfect in terms of ability to access almost anything desirable in the city --- be it in the French Quarter, the business district, or the Garden district. The view from our corner room overlooking the Mississippi, French quarter, and northern NOLA was just awesome. The service was without fail excellent. Even down to the maid service, everyone working here seemed to genuinely appreciate our presence. (Or maybe it was just us, and they are discriminating.) The hotel restaurant (Five Fifty 5 or something like that) also has a really good menu. The service is OK --- Friendly but not professional. Overall very clean, too. Hard to go wrong with this hotel.I feel silly reviewing a hotel considering it pretty much has all your basics and it's right next to the French Quarter.
I just wanted to point out that their elevator system is extremely efficient (they use the same call system as their Times Square Marriott)!! You push what floor you want to go to, and it'll direct you to one of the elevators. This is great if you stay in one of the lower floors since you're almost guaranteed a spot in the elevator, even on the busiest of weekends! And it's great since you don't have to squeeze with an elevator full of people getting off on every floor.
P.S. Wifi is not free, and neither is parking. But there's no need for a car or wifi if you're gonna be out all day/night in the French Quarter next door!Small rooms, old hotel, kind of a dump for a full scale Marriott.  The rooms are teeny tiny.  The concierge lounge is on ground floor.  No free bottled water in room for Marriott platinum members.  Wifi costs 16.95 per night.Great bedding, good views. Interiors are standard. Staff is friendly.  If I come back, I'd like to stay somewhere closer to the middle of the vieux carre because I'm walking all over it.  The elevators are efficient.We were completely pleased with our stay, which included the very Marriott brand hospitality and wonderful service. The location of this hotel, the extra effort of the staffers, and the quality of the rooms put it high on our list of places to stay in New Orleans. 
We came here from the New Orleans Hilton, which did NOT have very good service, and cost $300-plus per night (during Jazz Fest). We got the room on Priceline for about $90 per night, and were given a high-floor room by a very personable and friendly front-desk clerk. (We paid $20 for an upgrade upon check in.) The bathroom was VERY small, but was still nice and well stocked. 
We checked in before the official check-in time, around 10 a.m., so we were happy to get our room. Around 11 a.m., we decided to leave for Jazz Fest, and went down to the cab line. The doorman had a very efficient system to call cabs from around the corner, and he put us in a cab with two other couples to save us money on the fare to the fest. 
I also love that this Marriott, like many, has a Starbucks in house. The morning we were leaving we enjoyed an early coffee break before getting on the road. The valet is very personable and helpful, as well, and we didn't have to wait very long, even though it was pretty crowded and busy there, to get our car. 
I will definitely stay here again if given the opportunity. This is the only hotel I've stayed in so far in NOLA about which I would say that.I came to New Orleans for a work meeting and this Marriott was chosen as our accommodations. They gave us a group rate ($151 per night). I thought that was reasonable, particularly considering our meeting took place during jazz fest. 
The Marriott is in a great location for proximity Bourbon street and the river. Bourbon is just a few blocks down and there are multiple food options close to the hotel. 
The front desk and concierge were friendly. While checking in, the front desk noticed my room was by the ice machine so they offered to change my room. The concierge was informative when I inquired about good places to run. 
Our meeting rooms were pleasant. Plenty of room for all participants. Nice bar/lounge area to hang out for a drink after the conference. 
Room was mostly clean. There were a few things that weren't entirely clean such as the remote...it was a bit sticky which kind of freaked me out. 
Overall, this is a great place to stay if you're looking to travel for business or pleasure!Think twice about staying here. The location is great and rooms are nice but management is horrible!  
We should have learned last year when they double charged for our room which caused us to take hours out of our vacation time to round up a manager and make a conference call to our credit card company and finally get the charge error remedied. This was a 3 time process over 2 days before it was finally completed 
This year, we tried again because we like the location so much. Wrong move!  
On day 2 of our 7 day stay, an enormous convention arrived for which JW Marriott was clearly not prepared. Loud, drunken conventioneers filled the huge bar, bar lobby and common areas, registration area, spilled out into the hallways, throughways, stairways and outside the hotel.   
We LITERALLY had to push our way  to get through the common areas AND several of the elevators and escalators were broken AND this hotel does not have service elevators...for hundreds and hundreds of guests!  
We LITERALLY had to wait 20-40 minutes for each elevator ride (our room was 30+ floors up or we'd have taken stairs) and were shoved so tightly in with people we were pressed against elevator walls and standing on tip-toe to accommodate incoming guests who were angry and impatient and refused to wait any longer. They even pushed through with full luggage carts and ran it into one of our party's  legs; bruising and scratching her. This went on for FOUR, FULL DAYS!  
The best compensation  offered after we complained was dinner in on premises restaurant (Yikes...too noisy and crowded), a different room with a ROLL OUT BED (for $$$$ a night?  No thanks) or a few Membership Rewards points equal to about 1/3 $ toward a one-night future stay  
AND  the pool was closed!!! 
The room was nice and we had a good view. 
Housekeeping did not change the bedding or wash the bathroom floor even one time in 6 days.  Only 1 small bottled of water was left in our room. They did bring extra towels and toiletries; although there was no where to put them except the countertop. No towel bars or drawer space 
The staff; front desk, bell boys and security are very polite and friendly. They try hard to please. This is why we determine the problem to be with management. 
Had we wanted a crowded, dirty, noisy, drunken, and threatening environment, we'd have camped out on Bourbon Street for a week instead of pouring out hundreds of dollars on this hotel. 
ASIDE from the HOTEL DISASTER , we had a great time!  New Orleans is a FABULOUS city with FABULOUS people, history and food...
but we will NEVER stay at JW Marriott at 555 Canal Street again. Amazing conference.  The food was
So good.  The staff and service were impeccable.  Honestly one of the best conference venues I have ever attended. The New Orleans Marriott staff went above and beyond at every turn to ensure satisfaction. Even free WiFi!!! Will definitely return if the opportunity presents itself with another wonderful conference in the future!!This place takes care of their elites, great concierge "M Club" lounge and staff.  Location can't be beat either, my absolute go to spot when in staying in New Orleans.  Valet is a bit pricey but not out if family with the surrounding hotels, but they have a nice relaxing parking area to valet in, way better than the curbside cluster that is a lot of the Canal St hotels.I was very pleased with this hotel experience. I stayed in the river north tower and it felt upscale and true to the photos posted by the hotel itself here. I honestly have no complaints about the room. The price was good and the lobby is beautiful! The lobby restaurant(s) are good but a bit pricy, nothing that isn't to be expected though. I would recommend this to anyone...it's in a prime location within walking distance of everything.I came at the worst time for customer service .  We were here for the Superbowl.  They happened to be the hotel that the 49ers were staying at.  They treated them like VIP and everyone else like cattle.  One security guard in particular seemed to think my name was HEY!!!.  I tried to exit the door they sent me out the day before and I guess that day it was an entrance only.  I felt like I was at an airport with a bunch of TSA officers working there.  
Being that it was New Orleans we were out till 6:00 in the morning.  I put the do not disturb sign up and we got a note to call if we become ready for the room to be done.  I called at noon when we left for the game and when we got back to change around 9:00-10:00 it wasn't done.  I called the manager and he said they would send someone up.  They sent 2 house keepers that were very unhappy and couldn't believe we wanted the whole room cleaned.  We just said please and walked out.
The only bright spot was the staff at the bar.  The three girls they had working were busy and did a real good job of taking care of everyone.  
Im sure that during a regular time they would do better but unfortunately during a regular time I won't be here.Treated like crap. Plain and simple.
After driving 14 hours from Miami, the extremely rude front desk clerk informs me that my reservation has been mysteriously canceled. I understand stuff happens, but she refused to do anything about AT ALL because I booked the reservation through Priceline. Helping me find a different hotel would have been nice, but I would have even been satisfied with an apology or some sympathy. None. Then none from her manager either. They were literally just going to leave me stranded, even though, since I never canceled the reservation and Priceline had it as a good reservation in their system, it was clearly Marriott's fault. Priceline was able to get me into the Sheraton across the street for the same price, and that hotel was very nice and the staff was lovely.
Kudos, however, to the Marriott valet, who allowed me to leave my car there even after the switch, and the extremely helpful Marriott bellhop who volunteered to wheel our luggage across the street for us to the new hotel. The front desk staff could learn something from their fellow employees.I've stayed at many Marriott's before and I was very disappointed with my stay at the New Orleans Marriott. It started the moment I checked in when the man at the front desk tried to convince me to pay more for a larger room when I kindly said no thank you he offered me an even lower price.  Again I said no thank you. He neglected to tell me which Tower my room was in and how the elevator system worked, I ended up walking around for about 45 minutes until someone from housekeeping told me how to get to my room.
One evening we wanted to go to a crawfish boil, I called down to the concierge and someone kept answering and transferring me somewhere else and no one would pick up this happened over and over again until finally I asked that they just called me back with some suggestions for a crawfish boil the man answered "okay if you don't hear back from us in 15 minutes why don't you just call back".  
Lastly, we were there for three nights and one day our room was never cleaned, housekeeping was in the hallway when we left, we were out of our room most of the day and it just was never cleaned.  We tried to call room service 2 times over there both times it was over an hour wait even when all we wanted was a desert.
The facility and the location is very nice and most of the staff is very friendly and helpful. The fitness room and pool area we're really nice and the rooms themselves are very clean. I also enjoyed the hotel bar being right in the lobby is very very convenient to have a drink before we went out. My issue is really that for the price they are charging the service is just not up to par.Wow. What a beautiful bar. I came here with my husband while he was in NOLA on a business trip. I didn't think I'd love the hotel bar so much! Maria, the bartender, was so friendly and such a pleasant gal. It was great kicking off our evenings with her behind the bar. We've stayed at many Marriotts before, but something about this one in particular seems special!Attended a conference here and my experience was great! The staff was very accommodating and helpful with getting us all in. There's a reasonable store downstairs and a Starbucks to help out with the early mornings. I would definitely recommend hosting another convention or event hereI'm originally from New Orleans, but moved away. A business trip brought me back and I stayed at the New Orleans Marriott. There were some issues in the room, but nothing too serious; just wear and tear from previous inconsiderate guests. The hotel staff is nice and the pantry staff is awesome. They made me remember why people like the city.Treat gold members like crap- especially the people standing at the platinum and gold members club. Unacceptable. Don't stay here if you can help it- worst Marriott I've experienced. There are PLENTY of other hotels who will value your loyalty.Nice hotel, Great Location, Very Comfy bed, Great Shower Pressure (this is a big one), My tub drain was crappy though and I asked em to fix it but It didnt happen. Overall I would stay again. The pools and pool are very nice. I wish they had a hot tub though. We stayed on the 15th floor and I loved the Elevators, Fast and you put in your room number. the hotel was booked up for memorial weekend but there was barely a wait for the elevator. The Valet was convenient but expensive so be prepared. 30 a day.Just based on the elevators, this hotel deserves ZERO stars! 20 minutes and I can't even hail the elevator. Let alone take it. DON'T STAY HERE!!!
Copying this on hotels.com, TripAdvisor, Expedia, and any very other travel site. DISGRACEFUL!!!This place is beautiful! We stayed on the 19th floor and absolutely loved it! The staff here has great customer service! My least favorite thing was the room service here. Not worth the price at all and they not only auto charge the 21% gratuity but there is also a 3.50 delivery charge for each item ordered which is crazy to me.This is a very clean Marriott hotel, optimally located on Canal Street, and within five minutes walking distance of the Harrahs casino, 15-20 min brisk walk to the outlet stores, and five minutes for the French Quarter. The bathrooms are small, water pressure was good, and the bed was comfortable. 
The elevators have been mentioned as either crazy or convenient - I've found it to be quite convenient and not a problem at all. Punch in your floor and the elevator panel will tell you A-G on which elevator to get into. When you get in, make sure your floor request is posted. Going down - same thing. It was disconcerting at first to walk in and see no floor buttons to push, but it was fine. The "close doors" button works great - use it as people get in/out to go on to the next floor. If you find yourself in the wrong elevator, hop out at the next floor and do the elevator request from whatever floor you're on. It's not a secured elevator - don't need your key to run it, just different to request in advance instead of when you're in the elevator. 
The "M room" is the lounge located on the first floor. A full Breakfast is served there with an omelette station. It is also the restaurant location on a small scale - little odd to mix the paying and non-paying restaurant guests, but oh well. It's too bad the lounge is not on a different floor - there is zero view from that enclosed, first floor. 
There's a Starbucks and FedEx service in the hotel. Conference facilities are adequate, and conference food was very good. 
I'd return here again for the convenient location.Came here to Celebrate A Birthday and from the minute you walk thru the doors the atmosphere is Amazing .They have everything you can think of in the Lobby I believe I even heard Live Music its Definitely Full Service . The Bed were Super comfortable Full size only beds we had a great View of the Pool . Everyone there was Super Nice and Friendly couldn't have asked for a better experience. I felt like we were in walking distance to everything . I would Definitely return again .A-Ok.  
Positives:  rooms are spacious and beds comfortable.  It is clean and it appears they have done some work to make them better--I appreciate the abundance of electrical outlets.  Location is right by french quarter.
Negatives:  its dated.  Probably built in 60s or 70s.  Low ceilings with 'popcorn' finish.  We paid for a view but the windows are so dirty you can't see out of them.  Lobby is not nice to hang out in.  Its also got paper-thin walls and doors that attach to the rooms on both sides, so you hear everything.  Finally, no where to hang towels.  Pet peeve of mine.Hello, Gorgeous. 
Everyone reviews the hotel rooms, the bar, even the elevators, right? Well the name of my game in New Orleans was CONFERENCES. Hundreds and hundreds of lawyer-driven meetings in hotels spanning this great city. My favorite hotel to sit and stuff my face with a glazed over expression in? The Marriott, hands down. Much to my chagrin, my eight-day stay was at the Sheraton New Orleans, directly across the street.
The Marriott was home to one of my company's most prized, and most attended meetings, which included our President-elect and the Attorney General of the United States, Eric Holder. The Marriott handled every challenge, every kray kray request (ahem, lawyers are kray kray, thus most of their requests are downright batsh*t) and every conflict with perfect aplomb. Even when we needed Pope-mobile style plexiglass for the AG to give his remarks, the Marriott took care of it. The conference rooms were beautiful. If they weren't recently renovated, I wouldn't have known the difference. No gouges in the ballroom walls or scuffs on the doors like ol' saddlebags across the street.
Not to mention the spread of noshes available were a huge hit. It doesn't hurt that we were in the Cajun South, where just about every dish is spicy, seafood heaven. Service was impeccable, staff were polite, on top of their game, and stayed the heck outta dodge when we were moving fast. 
My only caveat with the Marriott was the signage. Once I got the layout down of the meetings rooms, everything was gravy. But finding where I needed to go initially was a bit nerve-racking, especially when I had a very tempermental, very high-powered attorney depending on me to know where to go.I arrived in New Orleans on March 26, 2017, for a one night stay. My wife and I were staying before boarding a Carnival cruise ship the next day. We were greeted by the valet who took our luggage and vehicle expeditiously. We get to the front desk and the gentlemen working the night shift, I can't recall his name but he wore glasses and had a full beard, was extremely courteous. If he was the representative for New Orleans he did a great job on behalf of the city. Upon just chatting with him and letting him know my wife and I were just married on the 25th he said "you know what let me check on something." Mind you I booked my room through priceline.com and paid $88.00 for my room. He upgraded us to a corner suite on the 34th floor and gave us M Club lounge access and free continental breakfast. We didn't ask for any upgrades. He just made it happen. If you are going to stay in the Quarters, go to the Marriott.Wonderful! A lively hotel with a great view and location. We stayed in an awesome suite on the 32 floor. Definitely  had tons of space and even a large conference table lol Five people fit quite comfortably. The view was great. We could  see over the French Quarter and the water. We had a few drinks at the bar; good service. Since it was Halloween, the staff had put out Saints "Who Dat" jackolanterns! The entire look was very modern. The elevators were on some kind of call system,  which was neat. Will return in the future.got 3 nights @ priceline.com for $75/night! can't beat that. 
LOVED: 
- asked if we could get a room w/ a view- got it! 
- ran out of toothpaste 2x- they brought us some colgate packets w/in 10 mins
- clogged the toilet (hey man, it happens!)- maintenance came w/in 5 mins
- went to garage, valet guy asked us what we needed, we said "cab to commander's palace." he ran out to canal st. to get us a cab w/in 30 seconds! give that boy $2 bunky! 
- couple blocks away from bourban, but not that close, if you know what i mean.  
there just happened to be a buffalo soldiers (black motorcycle gang) convention at the marriot that same weekend and that didn't effect service time at all. 
yes, the bathrooms are teeny. i used to live in SF, i'm used to it.Stayed her for our wedding and very impressed. The house keepers Tyonesha and Lisa decorated our room for the wedding night. It was wonderful! Thanks ladies :)This Hotel really pays attention to customer service both room wise as well as the lounge and restaurant. Room was cleaned expertly daily and food was excellent from their as well. They were extremely busy due to the trade show but still managed great service. Definitely will stay there again. The only down side was price but worth it for the most part.Those elevators tho! 
This place has cool driveway like Vegas and is new and modern. I don't review hotels normally unless they are bad. This is a solid Marriott with all the requisite accoutrements. The staff I encountered is quintessential NOLA southern hospitality.  Great location to exactly what we wanted to access aka French qtr, river view, 
Those elevators tho!
Walking distance to literally everything and a line of cabbies at your beckon call in case you want to explore farther out. 
Those elevators tho!
Bae, working a convention  was starving and needed to eat prior to managing their company booth and ordered a PO boy via room service. It came piping hot in 15 min! 
Those elevators tho!This Marriott was centrally located to everything, literally right between Bourbon and Decatur.  We got to everything quickly, and it was perfect.  The lobby is huge and welcoming - we LOVED the fruit essence ice water that they keep stocked on the table behind the column at registration.  They also provide two computers and printers right at the main desk so that you can check-in to your flights.  
The bell captains are all a hoot - Southern hospitality and graciousness in effect.  From handling bags to giving us pooped girls a hard time for looking ragged after a wonderful weekend, they're awesome.
The room was fairly small, but we had a corner river view, for an extra $30/night, offered at check-in.  I'm glad that we went for this offer, because I imagine that the standard room was even smaller.  Whenever my knees are less than 6" from the door while I'm on the toilette or have less than a foot head clearance to the ceiling (I'm 5'6"), that's defined as a small ass room.
My girlfriend called for 1) a toothbrush; and 2) help with hooking up her iPad to the TV so that we could watch movies, in the space of an hour.  Service was there within minutes.  An, because we had some late mornings, housekeeping knocked on our door and asked if we needed anything.  At first, I found it annoying.  Then, I realized that it was excellent customer service.  We were allowed late checkout, which allowed us until 1pm to slowly get ourselves together.
I would highly recommend this hotel.This should be 4.5 stars but they have the WORST elevator system. I imagine it's suppose to be more efficient but it was totally off. And one day the elevators didn't work so we climbed 14 floors. No guest was happy with the elevators, it's all everyone complained about. Come on Marriott!I  .  Was so happy when I arrived at this hotel. The rooms were just remodeled and were very clean and updated. Also the staff was very nice and super friendly. The bellboy Joseph went out of his way giving me great ideas on where to go The location was perfect. It was a block away from Bourbon street. Close enough to be with
the fun but far enough away to have a nice evening when you are done. I changed hotels after my first night because I was not happy with my previous place This was great. I would highly recommend this hotel.I am a Marriott fan, the NOLA location is Xmas friendly this year with a  huge gingerbread house installation in the lobby, large holiday trees,   its really festive, but then again so is the rest of the city.   There are two towers to this location and the high floor rooms provide stunning views of the city or the river. 
If you are a rewards member, you can ask for higher floor rooms as a complimentary upgrade.  Got lucky this time around and got upgraded to a corner suite:  the room provides views of the  river on one side and the city and the bridge over the river on the other.  Another thing I  I love about this place is the staff: each time I call for something its never more than 5 minutes, an accomplishment for a huge hotel.  
Cool Elevators:  To get to your floor you type your floor number and in seconds you are told what letter elevator will take you there.  The elevators are super fast like elevators to a high rise in Manhattan.
Location:  I like the fact that this is in the French Quarter, and next to Chartres Street my favorite walking street in Nawlins'.  OK I like St Charles too.  You can catch public transpo right out the door or begin walking. 
Lobby:  Laid out really well, a Starbucks for morning coffee, huge gingerbread houses, huge X'mas trees and cheery staff.  I think December is a great time to visit NOLA, there's lots of stuff going on. 
It is a Marriott, staff are attentive and politeness counts here and anywhere in the South.  I find that being polite and friendly gets me extra service above and beyond and of course responsiveness.Pros:
- Super convenient to both the french quarter (for all those must visit places on your travel list), AND also the CBD (central business district; for all your modern day food & drank needs).
- upgraded elevator system that allows you to put in your desired floor number, after which the system directs you to a specific elevator 
- super friendly staff; everyone was always on their best southern behavior with their smiles and greetings. Help was easily accessible if needed.
Cons:
- they are currently in the process of upgrading the rooms, and it's easy to see why - some of the carpeting is really old, as are the tiles in the bathroom, the furniture and the tv's. They are not *bad* per say, just not as new and shiny as some of the other places I've been to.
Tips:
- get a room on a high floor! your views of the city will be spectacular, and it's beautiful at night.I'd love to tell you about the hotel and how fabulous it is, but I can't remember it.  What I do remember is having a Jazz Brunch at the restaurant on the top floor of the hotel.  There was a view of the crescent in the Mississippi River.  It was incredible.  
I've never seen such a spread - boiled crab legs, omelettes to order, fruits, vegetables, pastries, olives, boiled shrimp, bananas foster... I could literally go on an on.  Everything was delicious.  I was horribly uncomfortable after stuffing my face, but completely satisfied.
One of my life's dreams is to one day return to that restaurant.  
P.S. The hostess totally seated us without a reservation because my husband greased her a $20.This place is way overpriced for the quality of the rooms.  I understand it is all about location but honestly, if I hadn't paid the government rate I would be livid.  The decor is dated and tacky and has a sort of vacated casino feel to it.This rating is specific to room service dining. There is no way that seafood gumbo is  award-winning, nor the crab cakes...Over seasoned with salt. I couldn't take one bite with out taking two gulps of water. I wish the room service complements the name of Marriott, known for high quality customer satisfaction. It's really letting me down.The rooms are small and clean. The issue I found was for the 4 days I was there the conference rooms smell musky and gross. Room cleaning is a joke and don't ask any of the housekeeping anything unless you speak Spanish. I needed help multiple times and the person around on 3 different incidents was the house keeper. Figured the only way anyone can assist is to call the desk. The desk staff are slow talk too much and do not follow through when you make that call .This Hotel stay has been very nice so far.  We also have really enjoyed The M lounge.  The ladies and gentlemen who work in there took such nice care of us, all very friendly and the food is amazingly good.  They too great care of making sure that we had good food and beverages and that really made for an extra nice stay.  The bar lounge and late night pantry downstairs is amazing and the pool was a nice reprieve from the heat!Very nice hotel, staff went out of their way to take care of my needs. The only thing I don't like is the $40 per day for parking. I feel that is too high.Well lets be honest, I don't remember much from my weekend in New Orleans because I was there when they won the super bowl. 
The room was reasonably priced and i slept very soundly. The access to all of the activities on New Orleans from this location is also key. 
If the price was right, I would stay here again.They'll just give your room keys to anyone.  They don't give a shit about safety or security of guests.  Someone was allowed in our room between 7pm and 10pm and they showered and left items in the room. When we called the desk they didn't care. They said I was not able to be upset until they figured it out.  Asked for towels at 10, called the desk at 11 because no one ever came and asked again for towels and said we'd deal with the issue of other people being let in our room in the AM but we just wanted towels.  The "MOD"  said I was being irrational to which I replied " its kinda bullshit you'd let someone in our room and then take over an hour to bring us fresh towels after you let someone in to use our room and you never apologized".  The MOD said I was irrational and swore at her and she hung up on me.  This PM staff (MOD) would not have a job at any hotel I ran, I'd never treat my gusts so poorly.This hotel was great. They have complementary  fruit-flavored water, juices and cookies or brownies in the lobby . The rooms were clean and comfortable and the bed and linins were fabulous. Located on the edge of the Quarter it is a great location. Staff were all very friendly, and even allowed us to delay checkout for an hour because of our flight being late in the day.Now, I'll give a disclaimer and note that I'm partial to Marriott hotels. I've been keeping my business there to try and accrue status whenever I'm on the road and am rarely disappointed.
My Marriott experience started with Cori at the front desk - she helped me out quickly and even helped me find a nice room with a romantic view of the Mississippi to help put the shine on the weekend since I planned to propose. She quickly made notes, found me a suite, and asked me to wait in the lounge until they called with the room.
Throughout the stay the facilities were good to go - the water pressure was my only complaint. For the 20th floor (the hotel has over 30 floors), I was surprised that I didn't see strong flushes in the toilet or hard shower pressure.
When I checked out, Cori happened to be at the desk, remembered me, and asked to meet my fianc when I told her that she said yes. Overall a great weekend and a property I will return to!Having the elevators going out several times during the weekend is very hard especially for the elderly and those with disabilities.Great location, clean rooms, and a friendly staff. Not too impressed with the size of the rooms, specifically the bathrooms. Also, the water pressure in the shower was less than desirable.The rooms are small but comfy and clean. The location and price were great for a girl's trip. The elevators go fast and are a bit scary but I I've never stayed at a hotel with so many floors so maybe that's usual. The pool was nice with plenty of seating around it. We enjoyed our stay and would stay again.Okay, I'll start by saying that this review is a lot of picky things.  The location is solid , right on the doorsteps of Chartres st.  Right on the edge of the French quarter and a couple minutes from Jackson square , the French market and bourbon street.  
It's a nice enough hotel, very large and clean and safe. With any hotel in New Orleans you will have an element of " frat boy" guests but it's not too bad. It also is a business center with several convention rooms so you will likely see a lot of business clientele kicking around. 
Also, for accommodations they have a decent pool area, a nice gym and a Starbucks in the lobby.
The negative.  
It's very loud. The cleaning crew is loud cleaning each room and I was woken up almost every morning by 8 or 9 by banging on walls or slamming doors. 
The beds fall off the box springs constantly and my husband and I almost fell off the beds a couple of times
They have digital tv that loses signal if the weather is bad. Since this is a big drinking city, down time is important and not having the cable working can suck. 
No mini fridge in the room. There is a space for it and I am not sure if you need to request one but it should be a given. Considering it's a dining out city it would be nice to take home left overs. 
Internet is $13 a day which is ridiculous. I recommend going to Pete's coffee down the street. Cheap coffee and free WiFi. 
Over all, it looks from the lobby like a really nice hotel, but with the negatives it's merely ok.This is a large Marriott hotel with over 1200 rooms. I have stayed here many times and my recent stay was to attend a large conference. The staff is very friendly and professional. The new M-Lounge recently opened, but I was disappointed that the lounge was built on the ground floor. Most Marriotts place the concierge lounge (M-Lounge) on the top floor. Having the M-lounge on the ground floor prohibits the beautiful views afforded by the hotel's top floors.  
I called early to get a special room with a great view, and boy did I get one. My room was on the top floor and overlooked downtown New Orleans, the French Quarter, and the Mississippi River...thank you Marriott!
The hotel is a great conference hotel. Everything was perfect and the conference food was outstanding with a cajun New Orleans flair. The conference rooms were organized and had excellent audio/visual capabilities.
Plus the hotel is located on Canal street in the French Quarter and offers an easy walk to the Quarter, Port of New Orleans, Superdome, and Harrah's Casino.I stayed here whilst attending a conference in New Orleans I would say "a-ok" about sums this place up. It's a big hotel and conveniently located close to French Quarter, Bourbon St, Central Business District and the Convention Center (a little farther away but still doable).
Rooms: not too bad for a place with such high churn. They're average sized, with a comfy bed and updated bathrooms. Some odd omission though - no in room safes, pay wifi (a hefty $15) and my bathroom had no Kleenex.
Public spaces: fairly new, with a large lobby lounge, in house Starbucks and gift shop. The pool deck looks pretty great too, unfortunately it's about 55 and rainy now.
Clealiness: just ok. My bathroom was clean but my bedding had some stains and my carpet could use vacuuming. 
Staff: just ok too. They aren't especially friendly or helpful. I had reserved a king room and confirmed this with the front desk at check in, only to be given a double. I asked the concierge for a dinner recommend with the caveat that it be close by and a safe walk. All the places she recommended were several blocks away down dark side streets filled with strip clubs - not a great idea for a single woman in a city where you need to be conscious of your surroundings. 
Overall: it's ok. It's really a standard Marriott with little to set it apart from other hotels in the area. I wouldn't go out of my way to book here again.The hotel is showing it's age a bit.   It's a nice hotel but a bit dated.  When I checked in to my double room, there was no working water in the bathroom sink. They sent someone to "kinda" fix it. The carpet was a bit dingy.   In the corner of the room, there was some kind of used piece of tissue on the floor and another small piece of paper under the desk.  The service is fine for the most part. However, they have several people standing around the front door on Canal Street and any time but none of them bother to open the door for you.   This hotel appears to be the flagship Marriott property in the New Orleans downtown skyline.  However, I stayed at the Courtyard nearby before and had a better experience.Just arrived at 12:30 am and found that I had no room. Reservation was made 2 months ago and confirmed 5 hours before arrival. No explanation provided.This is the second time my family has stayed at this Marriott and we will continue to stay here! It is definitely a busy place being so centrally located in the heart of New Orleans. The staff has been great on both occasions and the hotel is kept very clean. We ate at the restaurant located right in the lobby 2 nights we were there, and the food and drinks were delicious!This was a great hotel, right near all the action. Seems like they are doing some renovations, but it didn't really bother us. The staff was all first class! Joseph the bellman was the nicest man around! Will be back again for sure.The rooms are small along with the bathroom; the bed is "King" size but looks like a Full.  The only thing my husband and I liked was the Starbucks down stairs and the Air Force Vet Bellman when we first arrived; this will be the last time I stay here; NO FREE WIFI WTF?This hotel is quite well-situated at the northern edge of the French Quarter, not far from Bourbon Street or the RiverWalk.  The rooms are standard Courtyard by Marriott rooms, though with fewer amenities than I've seen at others - no hot tub, fewer freebies in the room, no coffee maker, and so forth.  The room itself was quite pleasant, I was happy with the bed...not too hard or too soft.
I did not have a chance to experience 5 Fifty 5, their onsite restaurant, but I heard from other convention attendees that it was good.  Likewise for the bar in the lobby...I heard positive reviews but did not try it myself.  I did try the lobby Starbucks (full-service, very nice) and the gift shop (almost no service, few items had actual prices on them).
The meeting facilities were fine.  Water was always available in the major rooms, although not in the smaller rooms.  If you find yourself needing to go to a "Balcony" room, be aware that the 4th floor is only accessible from the River Tower, not the Quarter Tower.  If you are on the 3rd floor on the Quarter side, you might happen upon the staircase leading to the 4th floor, but it's better to save time and go straight to the elevators of the River side.  Also, several bathrooms near the breakout rooms were broken, and we had to go from the 4th floor Balcony rooms to the 2nd floor Exhibit Hall just to use the bathroom.
A special word of caution about the elevators.  The system is called Miconic 10, and I've never seen it elsewhere.  It's designed to move people more efficiently, and I'm sure it does move people FASTER, but it's LESS user-friendly than a standard elevator.  My biggest word of advice is: ALWAYS press your desired floor before boarding.  If you want to run and catch an elevator before it leaves your floor, you'd do better to wait...I tried this once but nobody was going to the lobby and I ended up on the 19th floor instead!  Once you are inside the elevator, there is NO WAY to control where it goes.  Press your floor BEFORE entering and go to the elevator the panel tells you to.  Also, people with mobility issues should press the little handicapped symbol first.  It will make sure your elevator is less crowded, and the doors will remain open longer.  Miconic 10 is well-suited to office buildings, but NOT hotels, so be warned!