For the first time it was good, line was long but worth the wait. Had me some beignets with hot chocolate, yum.I think you can't go wrong with coming here. This place is awesome. I love the beignets because they're not too doughy. If you get some beignets too big thinking you're getting your money's worth, you'll be getting too much dough and they'll taste doughy when you eat them. This is the classic New Orleans cafe flavor (fast, loud and good). Be sure to try the Mocha ice coffee is GREAT. It really blew my mind because I wasn't expecting that type of flavor from a mocha drink. I'm use to having a  bold flavored drink from Starbucks but this was more of a mild/smooth flavored drink. Try it and you'll see what I'm talking about. It's not blasting with the coffee taste. Next time I'll post pics because they only have two available.Not much to this little things; think Pillsbury dough tossed in a deep fryer then doused with powered sugar. But they are more than that, light and crisp with a good, but not overly sweetness.Best beignets in New Orleans... There is the historical well known beignet cafe next door.... But Go ahead and get that out of your system then walk across the street to this place.... We came back here every morning to enjoy these beignets the remainder of our trip.  Not doughy but light and airy... Amazing!!!Way better beignets than Cafe Du Monde. We went there four times over four days.  Layers like a biscuit.  Pockets of air like a croissant. Run.  Their hours aren't great.FYI... They only take cash here. I liked the beignets. They kinda remind me of Sopapillas.The beignets are quite tasty. The staff are friendly and there is adequate seating inside and outside of the store.Definitely the superior beignet establishment in NOLA! Dare I say superior to even cafe du monde? Yes yes i do. Went for breakfast 2 days in a row- tried the pigs in a blanket, stuffed beignet and an order of beignet- the mister and I were two happy (albeit full) campers. Coffee was yummy too. PS much better service and cleanliness also.Amazing! Light airy, like a crossiont but more flavor. No one was thee and I have no idea why except atmosphere could use a boost. Would go back in a second after trying 3 other places.  Cafe at last was ok... wouldn't recommend but beignets were exactly what I expected from New Orleans. Peach filled was a but cold, but very flavorful.Delish! Their crab and corn soup is superb! Their beignets are definitely no Du Monde....but with that being said its a good place to check out and try their yummy dishes they have to offer. Try the corn soup. Seriously. You will not be disappointed.Wow! The stuffed Beignets here are to die for.  Take a picture at Cafe Du Monde and head down to this place to grab your Beignets. P.S: they have AC!Super greasy beignets.. I would not recommend this place. Go to Cafe du Monde instead just a couple more steps away.. Its the original and so much better!Awesome and fluffy beignets too yummy. And the gumbo...gaaaaaawd the gumbo....just try it. And Francis is sooooooo nice and friendlyFor my money, once you've checked Cafe du Monde off your NOLA bucket list, walk a few more steps uptown and come here. 
Number one, you won't wait forever in line or for somebody to wait on your table. Number two, they're the same price as CdM. Number 3, they're BETTER!
These little pillows of yum are more like fried puff pastry, incredibly light and delicately crisp. Topped with a judicious quantity of powdered sugar, you get them hot and fresh because they're not being made and served by the thousand. I pretty much thought a beignet was a beignet, but these are the best!Beignets are awesome and flaky, and so nice to get them and eat them with a view of the river. Customer service has been medicore but when you're in and out so fast it doesn't really matter. Were out of a few types of drinks last time but once again, just a quick morning trip so wasn't a big deal.If you have never had a beignet ever , save yourself a disappointment and never go here. 
These are oily and thin and nothing like cafe du monde. 
The sea food stuffed beignet is actually not bad considering the spicy stuffing. 
I wish I had waited in line and had the real thing at Cafe du monde instead of going here on my last day in NolaFound this place because Café du Monde was crazy packed. Luckily we did! Loved the beignets. Fluffy, sugary goodness! Yum. (We did eventually try Café du monde but these were way better in my opinion.) Went back twice in one day. They have a nice little seating area inside if you need to cool down or you can take them outside or to go. It's cash only as well.This is an alternate to the highly popular Cafe du Monde, since it's literally 1/2 block away and has much shorter lines.  You are less likely to be standing in the rain here.  They have more savory items on their menu, and are counter service, unlike their conpetition.
The beignets reminded me more like croissants than beignets.  I also tried the pig in a beignet and sausage and grits.  Didn't really like those though since the sausage was a little weird.
I'd prolly stick to the CDM line next time.We didn't bother with cafe du monde because a friend recommended this place to us.
We were not disappointed.  It was fast and they came out piping hot and fresh.  Just terrific.Go here for Beignets- light and crispy, ready in a couple of minutes, just delicious!!!!
This is a cash only place, but much better than standing in line at the 'named' place on the other side of the park.Thankfully our carriage tour driver told us you can go to the most famous spot "Café Du Monde" and wait an hour for famous beignet that's not good, or you can go a block away for the best beignet at New Orleans Famous Beignets and Coffee.  Let me tell you the beignets at New Orleans Famous Beignets were so much lighter and fluffier not heavy like at Café Du Monde.  I wish I would have gone back before we left to have another.  I will be craving their beignets!!!!  Seriously in my opinion these were the best!!!Yummy, flaky, buttery beignets!! 
Wandered here when the line for Cafe du Monde was around the block. This place had a shorter line so we decided to try it. 
The beignets were melt in your mouth yummy! They are not the traditional style--lighter, fluffier--but they were delicious. They were also cheaper than some other places at $3 an order. 
Highly recommend!Bottom line these are the best beignets I've ever had. And this is coming from a local who knows all the spots...plus my mom made them for me as a kid for breakfast. The beignets here are thin and airy and flaky - like a breath of fresh air in your mouth. Very fresh and hot and the perfect amount of powdered sugar. It's not like 3 pounds of sugar caked on! The price is slightly more expensive than their main competitor who is 500 feet from them on the same street - Cafe du Monde. However the taste is about 100 times better! 
The price is right - $3 for 3 beignets. 
You can add on a $3 Pig-Nay (pig in a blanket) which is a piece of Cajun pork sausage in a beignet roll with powdered sugar on top. I tried one today and it's fabulous. A nice treat on top of your treat. 
I don't like coffee so I can't vouch for the coffee. 
Dare to eat them and replace your habit of going to Cafe du Monde next door. 
3 Drawbacks: 
    1. Cash only (there's an ATM inside)
    2. Closes daily between 4:30-6pm depending on whether weekend or weekday. Just make it a brunch or midday treat.
    3. Sometimes long line and relatively slow moving. Only one cashier. Good things are worth waiting for.
It's fun to hear them yell out your order to the chefs in back. Old school. Bon appetite!This was my first trip to New Orleans, so I had to get a beignet. Cafe du Monde was way too crowded for me. We found this little place right down the road from there. They were fantastic!!! They practically melted in my mouth. The next night I got some at Cafe Beignet in the Musical Legends Park. I thought if you've tried one, you've tried them all. I was wrong! The ones at New Orleans Famous Beignets were far superior, in my opinion. I highly recommend and will definitely go back the next time I'm in NOLA.This is a perfectly respectable deep fried puff doughnut.  But when you grew up on CDM, this just won't do.  Really, it's it's the opposite of CDM's, which are thick and bread.  Here they are thin and flaky.
Prices are the same.  But here they also have other flavor options.Forget the famous original beignet place in the french quarter or Cafe Beignet on Royal St.  This one is less crowded & my favorite beignet spot.   Light, fluffy,  airy & addicting!  You won't be disappointed.So the ICED coffee was WARM. Melted my ice within seconds and was pre sweetened. The most disgusting thing I have ever tasted. The beignets were flat and heavy and burnt tasting. They failed to put enough powdered sugar to cover the bottom one as If it was the bad child or something. But the music gave me a migraine because it was so loud and that did not matter where you sat. Everything was a mess. The sugar container was very clearly empty. I will not be coming back no matter how long the line at cafe du monde.They will charge $3 for hot water. But still, I like their beignet better. It is fluffy and light, not quite doughy like.I wish I could give more stars!!! Everything in here is amazing!  They have the best corn crab bisque and they have these beinget wrapped sausages that I can't even describe! They are soooo good!!! 
Just a heads up they are cash only totally worth the trip to the ATM though!!This busy cafe is right across from Cafe du Monde, which was wonderful, because I wasn't willing to wait in the line that wrapped around the building for a quick snack. 
We were seated quickly and were served our Beignets and coffee quickly. Our server cashed us out when our pastries arrived, so there was no wait once we were finished. The little pillows of fried dough had so much sugar on top that it fell all over the ground, they were delicious, light, and steam rose from the center when we tore them open. 
Maybe next time we visit NOLA we'll make it to du Monde, but New Orleans Famous certainly did the job.The best beignets I have had in New Orleans! Compared to Cafe Du Monde, and Cafe Beignet. 
On the beignet thick & doughy scale:
1. Cafe Du monde - thickest, doughy-est, not too much flavor
2. Cafe Beignet - less thick, and crispier than Du Monde
3. New Orleans famous beignets - light and flakey
I tried peach, seafood and original. Original is my favorite, because it is light, flakey and not overwhelming. The peaches in the peach beignet are canned peaches. 
At the end of the day, it all depends on your preference for how you like your doughGreat beignets! We had the peach filled ones and they were really yummy. The chicory coffee was also very good - note to self :-) order it iced next time as New Orleans is so hot :-).
The cafe also sells nice souvenir paintings that looked different from all the same stuff sold in souvenir shops throughout the city. Also please note they take cash only.Doesn't not have any clue on customer service or expediting orders. Waited for over 15 minutes to place are order and was told to take a seat. A group that came in after we did put in an order and we waited. Again we were ignored and walked out after another 15 mintues.We stopped here thinking it was CDM because the marketing looks very similar, I'm sure that's by design. I actually liked these  beignets better!!! they were light and fluffy. Also great service. We also had the pig in a blanket that was amazing. For the price it was totally worth it!Great service and less crowded than Du Monde. I thought the beinets were great. Bogo with the hop on hop off tour. So if you don't want to deal with the mob next door just go here. They're warmer and more fresh!Beignets are not my go-to dessert of choice but when I do have a craving for the sweet, fried stuff I bypass Cafe Du Monde and come straight here! These beignets are fluffier and more buttery tasting than the ones at its more famous neighbor. I really shouldn't say this b/c it means the line could be longer the next time I'm here but it has to be said!Great spot to purchase beignets! No hassle with the lines like at Cafe Du Monde. Also, just across the way so if you want a more efficient time option, come here. 
During my visit came here both times. Quick and delicious.Even though I don't reside in New Orleans, I'm so disappointed to hear that this place has closed. Their beignets were FAR better than the ones that I tried at Café Du Monde, as many other reviewers can attest to. Truly the best beignets I have ever had to this date!My husband and I recently visited NOLA and had to try all the coffee and beignets shops and this place had the VERY BEST beignets of all. They were light, fluffy layers of true scrumptiousness. Forget the crazy crowds at the other place and come enjoy the best!!If the line to cafe du monde is a block long and your dying for a beignet, try this place and the line will be half as long. Good deal with 3 beignets for $3 and they are nice and flaky, kinda like a croissant. They serve cafe au lait and iced coffee. If I hadn't just eaten lunch, I would've tried their savory seafood beignet.Take out Beignets!
Sometimes you want to walk and eat - this is the place for you!  They do have tables or you can take out and walk the streets of the French Quarter.  Wait in line to order from the full menu which includes excellent beignets. Easily as good as Cafe du Monde just a few feet away.  Paying in cash makes everything move more quickly.  
When your order is up find a table under the awning to people watch or stroll riverside along the walk to see the boats pass by. We tried the beignets and several lunch items.  All were great and so easy to transport for a picnic!
There is inexpensive parking in the riverfront lot if you need a space.  Just pay on your way out.Excellent beignets! Cross between a donut and croissant. The staff is so friendly. The line is worth it! More seats past the ordering station.The food here is amazing! The original beignet is where it's at! The only issue is the outside seating. While it is spacious, it is not well kept. Definitely come here and try their beignets.Best beignets in NOLA. Fresh, hot, light, fluffy. And no line!
Unlike the other famous ones which are extremely doughy.Better than Cafe du Monde. Thinner but more flavor, crisper, and we ate them all. Cafe du Monde were not hot and tough and flavorless in comparison. Go here!Not only are the beignets good, but we love to get the beignet wrapper sausage or grits special.  The coffee is what my husband loves about New Orleans.  Line is fairly quick on a busy day, but we cannot visit the city without a stop.  It's quick and easy.What good luck for us that the"other beignet place" was too busy! These beignets are the best!This place was totally awesome. We decided to try this while we were waiting to board the Streamboat Nachez. I say yum, YUM!!I absolutely loved these beignets. The texture and fluffiness was the best.  I cannot wait to go back to get these!Slow service, so slow my boyfriend was ready to leave after waiting 20 mins for a table. The beignets were amazing but the service sucked ass. After 20 minutes of waiting the waitress took the older Caucasian couples order before ours, meanwhile the older Caucasian couple had just sat down and we were sitting next to them and waiting to be served. On top of this the waitress was extremely pushy/aggressive  when it came to leaving her a tip. The beignets get 5 stars but the customer service gets zero I will not return due to the long wait and how my boyfriend and I were treated by the waitress. But if you do decide to go I would recommend taking your order to go.Wow, this place was great.  Had to wait a few minutes for them to make the beignets but they were absolutely delicious.  I'm glad we didn't cave and go to Cafe Du Monde.  The beignets were hot and flaky and not too sweet, and fluffy.  Even had to wait a couple of minutes for them to cool down, but I didn't mind at all.  I am so glad we really got to experience great beignets.  Plus the iced coffee was delicious as well (I think it was New Orleans style?).  Service was pretty good, too (you order at the counter, but the woman working the counter was pleasant).I'd have to agree with the masses. I concur these are the best beignets in NO.  Right next to cafe Dumont,this place is quite the gem.  The coffee was pretty good as well.  I normally take cream and sugar, but I opted for only cream and added some of the beignet powder sugar to my roast and it was delicioso!  :) The line was long, even on a Monday late morning, but not as bad as Dumont.  Be sure to check out the mimes and street dancers in the area while bashing your beignets.  :)Good, hot beignets, decent coffee and hot chocolate.  And that about rounds out the menu, and I'm okay with that.
Saw the line at Cafe du Monde before our morning tour, so decided to run over here.  Short line, and darn good beignets for our breakfast.  Small seating areas both inside and outside, nice when it cools off a bit.
Don't wear black as I did.  Or, don't be bothered by powdered sugar on your clothes, as I wasn't (Sweetie was, a bit...)The beignets are much better than cafe du monde. These are soft and light, while cafe du mondes are thicker and crispy. Also its much cleaner and not as busy. Definitely recommend!Wow! Out of this world fluffy light yummy powdered crazy food! Warning.  May cause addictionBeing an out of towner, and never having had a beignet, I was pretty happy with this place.  We tried Cafe du Monde first, but I'm not about to wait in any line that long for anything.  Went back to New Orleans Famous, got right up to the counter, and got a table outside.  Are Cafe du Monde's fried dough bombs covered in sugar really that much better?  I doubt it.  Count me out.Best beignet place in New Orleans. They make it true to the French style, light and crispy with a generous amount of powered sugar. The staff is amazing and it doesn't take too long to get them out really hot and fresh.Made a quick stop for a mid morning snack.
We arrived close to opening so there was no wait and the beignets were hot and fresh.  I must say as one of the reviewers I prefer these to Cafe Dumonde.  Not that theirs is bad because they are not. I eat those too.  I feel these are a little lighter and the powdered sugar stays on better because they're flatter.  Give them a try and compare.  They close early thought so pay attention to closing time.  I highly recommend.Not good at all. Cafe Du Monde is a few steps away, but they were packed so I decided to give this place a try. I was very disappointed. Next time I will wait it out at Cafe Du Monde.After walking past this place several times in several different days, the line was always out the door, and  sometimes all the way back to the street. We took a chance and went early on a Monday morning and walked right up to the counter to place our order. Nothing like fresh hot fried dough drenched in  powdered sugar on a Monday morning.  Top it off with a nice hot chocolate and a view of Decatur St, and you know you are experiencing some of the best New Orleans has to offer. These beignets are so light and go down so easy that 3 will not seem like enough(they come three to an order). We got lucky and didn't have to wait, but no matter how long the wait is,  it'll be worth it when you sit down and enjoy one of the main things that New Orleans is famous for.We were in NOLA for the Sugar Bowl.  
One morning we went out for beignets and coffee and were stunned to see the line at Cafe Du Monde.  I absolutely HATE to wait in lines, especially when it's 25 degrees.  So we turned around and started back to our hotel empty handed. 
After walking only a few feet we saw New Orleans Famous Beignets and Coffee.  So, we decided to give them a try.  We were very pleased.  I actually believe their beignets are better than the ones at Cafe Du Monde.  Their coffee, however needs a little work.
If you're going to NOLA make this one your top choice for beignets and coffee.We tried Cafe du Monde, Cafe Beignet and here. This place has the best beignets hands-down. Fluffier, flakier and hotter. A must-try when you're in NOLA.$3 for 3 light and fluffy french donuts. Definitely a must! 
We ate the ones at Cafe Du Monde and found them heavy and greasy, like a donut shop.We walked in with NO wait. Highly recommend the seafood beignet and pignay. We didn't try the famous Cafe Du Monde so I can't compare but we have no regrets about skipping that long line and visiting here instead. Yum!Our vote for best beignets in New Orleans (and we tried every beignet place we could find).
They are crisp, light, amazingly delicious!!!Am Ufer des Mississippi unweit des Jackson Square gibt es zwei Möglichkeiten, die typischen Beignets zu verkosten - der Österreicher würde "Polsterzipf" dazu sagen - ein in Fett herausgebackener Germteig / rechteckiger Krapfen mit einer Tonne Staubzucker oben drauf. die übliche Portionsgröße sind drei, zu zweit hat man allemal genug von einer Bestellung. Eine Schlange bildet sich hier den ganzen Tag, sie ist etwas kürzer als beim nahegelegenen Tipp aller Reiseführer. Die Bestellungen gehen schnell, die freundliche Mitarbeiterin hat trotz der Hektik ein freundliches Wort für die Besucher übrig und die Beignets sind ein Traum. Ein Tipp: Nicht essen, wenn es windig ist, der Staubzucker verteilt sich überall!Dare I say better than Cafe Du Monde? Maybe. We didn't try them side by side, but they were at least equally as fantastic! If the wait at CDM is too long, you won't be sorry with this selection!Just walked six blocks back to my hotel to find that my to go order was missing a few things. My beignets had no powdered sugar. My stuffed beignet had no silverware, despite being told it would have silverware as the cashier handed it to me.
Guess we'll double check our order next time.MY LORD!  The best god damn Beignets I've ever fucking ate my whole entire universe.  I mean you get it all warm, with tons of powdered sugar.  And one bite is so succulent, the moistness of the flavor just comes right down your throat!  AMAZING!  I would go to New Orleans Famous Beignets and Coffee.I've been to cafe Du Mon a bunch of times and thought it was the best because it's always open and so big.... But I was wrong.
This place is much better. Smaller, but a completely different taste and texture.
This is now my favorite.Not bad. Beignets are a little less fluff than some other places, coffee isn't great. The frozen cafe au lait was too sweet for me to drink, which is saying a lot because I drink my coffee pretty sweet. My husband got jambalaya and quite like it and he said the Pigney (Cajun sausage wrapped in a beignet)  was an interesting take on the pig in a blanket.
Over all my experience this time was just kind of meh. The times before were better but this isn't my first or second choice for beignets and coffee.Delicious coffee and B+ beignets, only because Cafe du Monde puts all places to shame with their beignets. 
This place hardly has any tables, enough to sit about 30 people, but it fills up quick and is hard to get a table.  The to-go line is loooong too.  'Service' isn't really all that it's more just order and 'here you go, cya later'. 
A good 'runner up' if Cafe du Monde, which is FEET away, is packed.Clean place, go inside and order at the counter.  They have indoor seating in a windowless room and patio seating.  There are restrooms for customers.  They have beginets, pigs in blankets, coffee, gumbo, jambalaya, corn soup, soft drinks and iced coffee.  People okay.  Beginets are rectangle, think flaky pastry type with powdered sugar, 3 per order and good.  Nothing like Cafe du Monde type.  Will come here again.  Parking right behind it in two different lots.  Saturday parking in summer 2015, $25.00 for 2 hoursWe did a beignet tasting of three different spots.  This version of the beignet is flat, piping hot (in my experience), and tasty.  Not my favorite version, but certainly yummy.Must have crispy, flaky beignets. Better than the overrated Cafe Dumond.I have yet to find any place called ["name of city]" famous ["name of product"] that actually does any favors for the city or the product for which it's named.  Ever.  
I ran into a friend I hadn't seen in some time and having no interest in spending a half-hour waiting in line at the much better option down the street, we came here. 
We were seated and waited on pretty quickly, so no complaints there.  We ordered the beignets and cafe au lait, as expected.  The food and coffee arrived quickly and both were hot.  Things deteriorated from there.  The first thing I noticed was how flat the beignets were, like slightly puffy pie crust.  Not an auspicious start.  What had me swallowing the rising bile was the oil sitting on the plate underneath one of them.  Seriously, there was at least a tablespoon of golden oil puddled on the plate.   I went no further.  My friend, on the other hand, took two or three bites, but must have had an iron stomach as he thought his tasted and looked fine.   I can't explain that reaction other than to say he had been out most of the night and probably was still blowing a BAC near.08.
The cafe au lait was okay, slightly better tasting than bathwater, but not by much.  You'd think with all of that, I'd be giving this place 1 star, but the live music here deserved a star.  As long as the act played the keyboards, he was all right -- pretty good, in fact.  It's only when he started to sing that he lost his charm.  Unless you're Dylan or Cash, please don't try to imitate Dylan or Cash -- just do it your own way.  The music was really the only saving grace of this place for me.   But this is not called N.O. famous music cafe. So if you want beignets and cafe au lait, move on down the street.Very good beignets! Coffee au lait was okay. We took ours to the river and sat on a bench. It was lovely! Definitely have to dip the beignets in the powdered sugar if you get them to go.First of all I think I originally mistook this place of the famous cafe du monde, but I am so glad that we did. My boyfriend and I got there right before the line started to form. The service was fast and very friendly. The beignets were super delicious. The were fried perfectly and not greasy at all. A tad too much powdered sugar but that probably bc we had it in a to go bag instead of just the normal container. The chicory coffee was nice too. Very strong and black. 
Service was fast and friendlyI do not know why this little gem does not get more recognition because the beignets are deliciously addictive.  They are light and fluffy with a slight crispy exterior similar to a genuine French croissant.  For comparison, Cafe du Monde's beignets were thicker, chewy and heavy and Cafe Beignet was somewhere in between.  Among the seven people in our family it was a unanimous coronation for these beignets as the champs.  Our hotel was over a mile away but somehow we kept ending up here every day.  What really pushed our obsession with this place over the top were the "oinkers" or beignets stuffed with Cajun sausage.  I am salivating just thinking about those savory little indulgences.  Pair everything with a small cup of chicory coffee and it was perfect.  Take your meal and stroll along the river a few steps away.  Everyone has a different take on what a great beignet should taste like, but this place is a must try.They serve much better beignets than Café du Monde! 
Their stuffed beignet was probably one of the best things we had in NOLA. Crab meat stuffed beignet topped with crawfish sauce served over jambalaya rice, this is New Orleans all in one dish! 
Their beignets were so light and fluffy my almost-2-year-old son loved it too. I definitely prefer this place over Café du Monde. The service here was nice too.
(We were initially headed to Café du Monde and saw the long line so decided to try out this place. We later tried the beignets from Café du Monde at the mall location but they were very bread-like... Heavy and not fluffy with too much powdered sugar. Definitely NOT worth the wait.)OK when you come to New Orleans ya know you're gonna have to have a beignet. Everyone is gone tell you about Cafe Du Monde as the place to go in the French Quarter for them. Well let me tell ya forget that! This place has far better beignets than anywhere in the quarter I have tried and believe me I've tried them all and have the belly to prove it. Their service is better, their beignets are better, heck everything is better. Hit them up, ya won't be disappointed.Way better than du monde!!!!
Crispier and more delicious. Du Monde is too chewy. 
Don't waste your time at du Monde!When in New Orleans it is almost a requirement to have a beignet. Most tourists flock to the famed Café du Monde but the best beignets I have tried in New Orleans are just down the street at New Orleans Famous Beignets and Coffee. The beignets here are flakey, almost like a croissant, have just the right amount of sweetness and are not overly doughy (which seems to be a major problem with beignets from other places).Light, flaky, delicioso! First time trying a beignet,and probably the only place I'll ever go to lol hot chocolate is great too!!The best beignets in New Orleans. Try the tourist traps then come here for the best beignets you'll ever eat.After my disappointing visit to Cafe du Monde, I turned to Yelp to find an alternative place to eat some beignets. Luckily, we found this gem!! Located literally down the street from Cafe du Monde and across from Jackson Square, it's a small little counter restaurant with plenty of shaded patio seating. 
I am a BIG FAN of these! Amen for finding authentic, delicious beignets! The powdered sugar just melts in your mouth as you bite into it. The dough is super light and flaky! They're also pretty big in size. I had 1.5 and was already full. I also opted for their frozen mocha AND WOW! I was seriously blown away on how delish it was. Refreshing and paired so well with the beignets.  You could even get a stuffed beignet here as well as some food. 
This place isn't as popular so there were plenty of seating and was more relaxed. Highly recommended!! I'm so happy I found this place!!Easy listening rock music turned up to 11 as you stand in an unnecessary line created by having only one woman working the register to generate a false buzz to lure people in for a small three dollar coffee and cardboard beignets.I went here while in New Orleans for Essence festival. I couldn't wait to taste some begneits. It was 4th of July and we were waiting for the fireworks show to start. I slid in and ordered 2 orders and just like that I was in heaven...Beignets here were better than cafe du monde. They had more buttery flavor! I would like to go back to try the pig-nay and the one with peaches.We wanted to try Cafe Dumonde, but the line was super long. We saw this place which was across the square. It is wonderful! You have to try the PIG-NAY, it is simply delicious, a piece of Cajun sausage on a stick surrounded by beignet awesomeness! Not spicy, just good flavor!3.5 stars
not your typical beignet, more like a piece of deep fried puffed pastry dough, but still very good
cafe au laite had a little more milk than I prefer but for 2 people it was $9 (two coffees and an order (3) of beignets) so hard to complainBeignets were awful in my opinion.  The only thing I could taste was grease and powdered sugar.  No thanks.  Went here because the line at Cafe Du Monde was monstrous as always and there was no one here.  Should've taken the hint.  Coffee was bad too.  Do not waste your time here.  Stand in line at Du Monde or go to Cafe Beignet on Royal Street for some actual good beignets.Went to three different beignet joints while in new orleans for the week. This one took the cake. Best beignets, hands down. Light and fluffy interior with a crispy exterior and not an inordinate amount of sugar on top (as opposed to other top rated beignet places).This place is awesome. We had read a review of here by someone who was over waiting in line at the other place down the street.  So glad we found this place  - the beignets are so light fluffy and amazing. I highly recommend them. The line was minimal and the ladies behind the counter were friendly and easy going. Good job!Can't say I did the smoked oil smell of the interior but the beignets and iced latte (it's way too expensive I know but it's going to be the best chicory coffee in the area). Get the peach beignet, you won't regret it. We compared notes with cafe du monde....liked the beignets here better because it's more...croissant like for lack of a better description but if you prefer more of a biscuit texture and taste, then you'd likely not like this.  The coffee however, is leaps and bounds better (but you pay dearly for it) than cafe du monde.Came by yesterday around 6ish and it was closed already. Went over to Cafe du monde to hold me over in the meanwhile. 
Came back today around noon and there was no wait and friendly staff. Oh me oh my this was to die for!!! Absolutely delicious. Had the peach filled beignet and it was fresh, soft and just the right Touch of crispy !!!!! Definitely glad I came by again!!!!Coffe au lait is decent, and the beignets are good (they come out piping hot - be careful!). Pricing is comparable to Cafe Du Monde down the street, but you feel like you're getting a huge discount because you aren't rubbing elbows with every other tourist in New Orleans.The only reason that this place is not more popular is because it's only open for 8 hours unlike other beignets places. I ONLY come here when I am in N.O. and want beignets. They really this like a pastry and this time I tried the stuffed beignets and it was worth every penny. Talk about tasty and filling!!
The wait is not as long a du monde and the beignets are not as thick and heavy.Average at best, I will say that I'm not a fan of this concept. Why wait in line for 30-40 minutes for a dry pastry? It's okay and part of the experience when visiting NOlA. The wait isn't worth the minimal satisfaction in my opinion.So, you know when you eat a beignet and you get some of the dough that isn't piled with powdered sugar?...and the dough usually tastes, well, bread-like? I think I can eat these beignets without the heap of powdered sugar. They are that good.
The reason I'll take a beignet from 'New Orleans Famous Beignets and Coffee' over Cafe Du Monde: the beignet dough has a touch of sweetness to them. 
The coffee was also very good. The atmosphere is okay and quieter than CDM...a bit more comfortable and not so tight even though it's probably less than half the size of CDM. 
These beignets are lighter as they are kind of hollow and are fried a bit harder...I can eat more of them because of this. I usually can't finish CDM's doughy, dense beignets...although I love them too.
After trying these I kept thinking I have to go back to have another order before my short trip was over. I was on a quest to try other beignet spots, so I never made it back...but I regretted the decision. This will be my first beignet & coffee choice on my next NOLA visit.I understand that Cafe du Monde is a must for some people but while we were in NOLA we tried both  Cafe du Monde and this place. Trust me, walk a few more steps and come here. The beignets were the best I've ever tasted; 10 times better than the over rated Café du Monde.Located in The French Quarter, on the same street as the famous Cafe Du Monde (not too far away and is a short walk over). You can find this place behind the Jake's Brewery. Look for the green awning. 
This has got to be the very best beignets that I have ever had, especially in NOLA (the place I go to back at home comes in 2nd best out of all the beignets that we had tried). Don't send me hate mail, but honestly I love the beignets here (yes that means even better than Cafe Du Monde and Cafe Beignet) because they are light and fluffy. 
Anyways, after looking over the menu, we ordered:
Order of Beignet, $3- One order comes with 3 pieces. There is plenty of powdered sugar but not a crazy overload of sugar so you can eat these without worrying about it getting all over your clothes and face. I love that these beignets are not dense but really what I had wanted in a beignet. 
Pig Nay, $3- New Orleans Famous Beignets And Coffee seems to be the only place that serve these. A Pig Nay is cajun sausage wrapped in a beignet, served on a plastic knife (check out my photo). The sweet and savory really was tasty and reminded me of a breakfast treat. 
-----------------------
(Total= $6, tax included)
Although there is only bar stools in the first room, there are plenty of tables and chairs in the other room in case you want to eat your treats here like we did (there is plenty of covered outdoor seating as well) There are also clean restrooms here as well. 
Wait time for our deep fried goodies (yummy, but not healthy) was not long.
Service was quick and friendly. 
I would definitely come here again.The beignets here are waaaaaay better than cafe Du Monde, cafe beignet, or morning call. It is like a perfectly flaky croissant, perfectly fried and then covered with plenty of powdered sugar (but not a ridiculously wasteful amount.) The beignets here are light and actually sort of crispy - not doughy or too puffy like all the others. I can't say whether they taste like beignets taste in France or how they tasted hundreds of years ago, but compared to the rest, these beignets win by a LANDSLIDE!
Oh yes - and do yourself a favor and get the seafood stuffed beignet. Soooo good!The beignets are thin and melt in your mouth.
There are two interior rooms with tables-that's not obvious. The entrances are on the right to the side of the counter.
There's a sink in one of the rooms to rinse your sticky hands.
The woman taking the orders was so friendly and welcoming to each customer-and that's a lot of customers. I was impressed.
The coffee is very good.
I don't view this as a low-rent Cafe du Monde. The beignets are a different style and equally delicious. I like both.Everything on the menu was incredible! We had grits and sausage, a stuffed beignet and a "pig-nay" - all of which were delicious. Everything had tons of flavor and the sausages were pleasantly spicy. This is a must-try for cheap but insanely good food.The beignets are great, especially enjoyed the seafood stuffed beignet. The coffee is definitely spendy, I would only stick with the small size.Like many of the other reviewers, I was originally intending to go to Cafe du Monde. However the line literally wrapped around the block  so we decided to wait till a less chaotic time to get beignets (come to find that there was never not a line at Cafe du Monde- even at 2 am). Just a block away is New Orleans Famous Beignets and Coffee and the line is SIGNIFICANTLY shorter, like 10 minutes compared to 1+ hour at Cafe du Monde. $3 for 3 beignets and absolutely delicious! Hot, flaky, and covered in powdered sugar. There is also live music in the outdoor seating area and a $1 ATM. Come here if you don't want to waste an hour in line for CDM and for delicious beignets!My wife and I have come here twice during our honeymoon. Each time was the both cheapest and best meals we have had in new Orleans.
The beignets are amazing, perfectly light and fluffy with just the perfect amount of powdered sugar. The pignet is absolutely incredible and something I've seen nowhere else. It's the same as a beignets, but with a huge sausage in the middle. It makes for a perfect mix of sweet and salty. If you want something truly unique add tobasco to it. Makes it salty, and sweet with some heat.
I don't understand why more people don't mention the gumbo here. It is by far the best I've had in new Orleans, world's better than restaurants 2-3x as expensive. Follow the old lady's advice and add some tobasco to it, it will change your life. 
My wife and I both ate here for under $20 and were stuffed. Also, much better than cafe du mond  (or however you spell it).The drinks were horrible. The service was slow and subpar. Beignets were fine. Frozen mocha cafe au latte was terrible. Hot chocolate was even worse.I ordered beignets for two, and was surprised at how big one order is (3 large beignets per order)! The latte was just ok. The lone server wasn't very personable: he didn't respond to any attempts at small talk, even though there was only one other customer.  And, when I received my order and proceeded to dive in to my piping hot order from my seat at the counter, he abruptly announced, "You can't eat them here; this is my order line!"  We'll, I didn't know a seat at a shiny counter was not for sitting and eating, but for ordering only!  He could have at least said, "You'll have to eat those at the tables in our courtyard, " to phrase it a little more positively and politely. Maybe he was having a bad day.  Didn't spoil my enjoyment of those beignets, though!Great location as the square is right across the street making this a great people watching spot.  Lots of seating as the other beignet place is next to it and far more popular.  
I only had the beignets so cannot comment on the coffee that is also served here.  They came out nice and hot with plenty of powdered sugar covering them.  A bit too doughy for me but not bad.  I was unable to finish them as the last one seemed a bit too soggy and/or sweet for me.  
Despite being nearly empty service was slow and uninterested.
Not a bad option for those that do not want to wait at the other place or just want to sit and people watch.  But if you are visiting New Orleans and only have time to hit up one beignet place, go to the other one.Went here 3 times during my trip to NOLA. Delicious beignets; much much better than Cafe Du Monde. Theirs are too dense and doughy. These are light and fluffy which is my preference for beignets. Grand Lux in Chicago and this place has the best beignets.The Best !!! Don't go any place else, this is the best, bring your camera if you want to catch the powder sugar face on your family or friends face, it's a great first bite photo you can't help getting it all over your face so grab the napkins and Don't  WEAR BLACK, you will regret that decision !!! Had the best Beignets a coffee that started off my day and was a perfect even dessert with that coffee while watching the river boat and sunset, Perfect day at Cafe.We stopped in here after seeing the line at Café Du Monde and we weren't disappointed. 
The beignets were hot, flaky and loaded with powered sugar. 
We would definitely go back.Beignets are great. Also had an Iced Coffee Mocha. Very good as well. Quick service. The beignets remind me of the way my grandma used to make them but with a whole in the middle. Recommmend it highly.The beignets were awesome.   I even ate the seafood stuffed one.  Much shorter line than Du Monde. Just as delicious.  I'm in withdrawal today.My wife tried beignets from the famous places and we enjoyed these more.  The were lighter and as a bonus the wait wasn't as long.  We liked it so much we came back everyday during or trip.This place has AMAZING beignets. They are light, airy, and melt in your mouth. They are reminiscent of croissants, puff pastry, and other delightful pastries. By comparison, Cafe Du Monde's beignets are heavy and chewy - more like a hacky sack. Combine this higher quality beignet with friendly staff (what is wrong with those grumpy Cafe Du Monde waitstaff anyway?) and no line, and you've got an easy choice to make. New Orleans Famous is hands down the best place to go for beignets in the Big Easy. You can eat in peace and then laugh at the sheeple standing in an hour-long line over at Cafe Du Monde. Me? This is the only place where I'll be eating beignets in New Orleans from now on!After I was recommended to try this place from a local, I can say after comparing to other Cafe DuMonde and other places, the beignets here are second to none. 
The issues with Cafe DuMonde can be read in my review there. 
The beignets here are thin and warm, hence no issues with too much dough and too little sugar. Each bite is just as flavorful as the last. 
Secondly, the beignets are not smothered in sugar because they're confident in the flavor of their beignets. 
Lastly,  they do not forget an often forgotten aspect - presentation. As the beignets are thin and sprinkled (rather than smothered) with sugar, the presentation is elegant and inviting to the patron. 
Superb.We got the original beignet's yummy!  We  also tried the New Orleans coffee with Chickory.  We really liked it.   Friendly knowledgable staff.The stuffed seafood beignet....the best food item I have ever eaten. We like many others accidently mistook this (or couldn't find it) for Café Du Monde. The beignets here are light and fresh, the service is nice and the coffee is strong. Seriously get the stuffed one! Beignet stuffed with some sort of crawfish etouffe and laid on a bed of rice.
Im back in town next week and this absolutely will be my first destination!Cafe au Lait is watered down and tasteless. Yuck. 
Stuffed Beignet was ok, the meat in the stuffing was really dried out and stringy. 
The standard Beignets were hot, thinner and covered in ample amounts of powdered sugar. 
I went here because Cafe Du Monde had a long line, I'll wait in that line next time. 
Overall D+Cafe Du What?!   O.M.G.!!!  It was my daughter's first time to NOLA and the Pignay was life altering for her to say the least. We would literally road trip just to experience the magnificence of the "Swine in a Duvet" again. Lord. Have. Mercy. The beignet was everything, light, buttery, a notch below hot, the pixie like powdered sugar, and then BAM!!!!...the deliciousness of the cajun sausage, spicy, seasoned and complimenting the beignet perfectly :)   I didn't even realize this concoction was on my bucket list. All I can say is YAAAASSSSSSSSSSSAfter a terrible disappointing experience at Cafe Du Monde, we happened to notice this place. We're very glad we stopped in! Their beignets were sooooooooo much better. The way they are supposed to be made. Lights, airy and melts in your mouth. Du Monde's was huge, greasy and too heavy to finish even one. They were more like doughnuts. Unfortunately New Orleans Famous Beignets and Coffee doesn't have chicory coffee. But neither does Du Monde anymore. Sad. This will be my place for beignets from now on!The line here is much shorter. I had already tried cafe du monde (the best), the cafe beignet (second best), and then this one is definitely last. It was disappointing to bite into three hollow beignets. Coffee was kind of expensive too. We enjoyed our experience and was able to get a table fairly quickly, but there are better beignets.Food: 5/5
Ambiance: 5/5
Service: 5/5
Not gonna lie, we went here after we saw the line at Cafe du Monde but I definitely enjoyed the food here and the line was a heck of a lot shorter. 
- seafood stuffed beignet: this was SO good. The beignet was flakey and crisp and covered in seafood deliciousness. It was served on a bed of what I'm guessing is their jambalaya. 
- grits and sausage: their special of the day. Delicious cheese grits. Not over cheesy and somehow felt light even though it's a pretty heavy dish
- beignets: flaky, crisp and just the right amount of sugar. 
If you're just looking to experience eating some beignets in NOLA, you can't go wrong here. There was a live jazz pianist out on the patio, the servers were super sweet and each order was made to order. You wait on the side as your order is brought out from the kitchen. Would definitely recommend if you swing by du monde and its way too crowded!Pretty good beignet's. Definitely would go here again over waiting in line at Cafe Du Monde. The "Pig-Nay" was delicious!Honestly?  Their beignes beat the hell out of Cafe du Monde.  Also, they have a sausage-wrapped beignet which totally made my day.My list for best beignets in New Orleans:
1) Cafe Beignet
2) Cafe Du Monde
then 3) this place, New Orleans Famous Beignets.
These beignets are not like the ones at the other two places.  They are not very doughy, puffy or fluffy.  They are thin and kinda reminded me of puff pastry.  I also didn't think their cafe au lait was as good as the one at Cafe Du Monde.  It is worth a try but I won't be back.Way better than Cafe du Monde! No line and great service! Would definitely recommend coming here instead. Nice little secret in the French quarter.This place is the best try the stuffed beignets    service is amazing Ms Francis and cooks were AMAZING food AMAZING the only place we went to more than once.Fresh , DELICIOUS  beignets! Very tasty PigNay's too (pig in a beignet blanket). 
The line to Cafe Du Monde was waaaaaaay too long, so we decided to check this place out instead. And I'm glad we did because it was well worth the (maybe) 20min wait. The place is cash only but there's an ATM on site.Sausage stuffed beignet was the hesitant choice but the correct one. We were blown away by the deliciousness of this place and the location is amazing. we split a plate of beignets and the sausage beast. both the best hangover cure in Nola. Sit right in the outdoor area for the full effect.AMAZING!!! The beignets were nice, light and fluffy. We tried the Pig Nay. Sausage inside a beignet!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? It was DELIGHTFUL! Service was great.This place is such a joke and definitely is a ripoff for Cafe Du Monde.  The lettering and coloring of the place could potentially make a tourist think this is the famous Cafe Du Monde but it definitely is not.  And if you hate waiting in the long line you may end up coming here.  I didn't try the beignets so I can't comment on that but the cafe au lait that I got from here was just gross.  She poured it out of one of those portable thermos' and the coffee was luke warm. 
Based on the reviews I'm seeing maybe the beignets are better but I don't think I would go back since I want my cafe au lait when I get my beignet and this cafe au lait was just not good.  I actaully felt a little sick afterwards from it.HOLY CRAP. this place was INCREDIBLE. I have to give all of the props to two dear friends of mine that recommended my boyfriend and I come here instead of Café Du Monde, and they were so on point with that suggestion.
the beignets here literally melt in your mouth. they are so flaky and light and delicious and I am still dreaming about them. my boyfriend and I got them on our first day in New Orleans and then got them again three days later (along with an order of the peach filled ones -- so good) before we flew home. 
so please, do yourself a favor and go here instead of Café Du Monde. we only experienced one incredibly short line and the beignets are just TO DIE FOR.How good could a place that has to say they are famous in their name really be?Uhhhh.... pretty phenomenal! 
I guess it goes to say don't judge a book err.. restaurant by it's name. Yup, something like that. 
To the star of the show: the beignets YUMMMM! 'Nuff said. Just go here and order them. 
The cashier was very polite and helpful. Prices were much better than that place on the other side of the square. There was no crazy long line and ample seating in the back.Pigna pig in a blanket, sausage was delicious and beignets, also ordered cafe au lait, indoor seating available, get there because it does fill up, convenient public parking behind restaurant for $5 an hour or flat fee.Amazing.  Get the sausage wrapped in a beignet.  Best thing I had in New Orleans.If you must, go to Cafe Du Monde to say you've been.  But go HERE if you want the most amazing beignettes!!!!Great traditional beignet and stuffed beignet. I  recommend skipping the line at Cafe Du Monde and heading here. It's practically next door!This place is now closed. Completely gone. Don't know where it went. Wish it was there. Heard it was good. But it's GONEThis place is a must! Unlike some of the photos, the beignet I ordered had more fluff and mass. Funny part is the floor is covered in powder. So don't wear black or else you'll get questioned by the cops.I can't believe it but these are way better than Cafe DuMonde!  Beautiful shaded patio, music, and the most delicious crispy beignet. They even have savory beignet choices. New fave.The pig-na (oinker) and beignets were delicious. The chicory coffee was interesting. Be sure to bring cash, because they don't take cards.We came here because we couldn't find Cafe Du Monde. I was pretty surprised at how empty it was, but the service was still pretty slow. The ladies were all super nice, but they all spoke really fast and they were hard to understand. Beignets were super good, coffee was a little burnt tasting. Good view from the table, nice live band playing. We never ended up going to Cafe Du Monde, but I'd say this is a good alternative!I have a habit of being too loyal to landmark/iconic establishments because I've never been disappointed/it's familiar blah blah blah.
I'm glad I decided to try this place because while the beignets at cafe du monde are great-these are equally as great, if not a bit better (dare I say it?) or at the very least "different".
The difference: these beignets are not dense, but rather like puff pastry-very light on the inside and flaky on the outside. $3 for 3 and the perfect powdered sugar to beignet ratio. 
If the lines are long at cafe u'd minded and what u really want is a good beignet and not the bragging rights of saying you at a local fave, you have to try this place. You might be surprised like I was and find yourself looking forward to going back...the next day! 
Definitely worth trying! Let me know what you think.Heard only great things about this place. I was recently on a business trip in NOLA and had to try their beignets since they were the most talked about thing in town. I know this is a popular place to order beignets... so why not?
Came here about 3 times for a quick snack with some colleagues. Covered in powdery sugar, their beignets are SO good. They are flakier, light and just a "melt in your mouth" powdery fluff of deliciousness. I also ordered their cafe au lait and as an avid coffee drinker, it was so delicious! 
The prices for the beignets along with the coffee isn't too bad. Cafe Du Monde is a great place to hang with good company over some yummy treats. Just a heads up, they only accept cash as a form of payment.Just delicious!  Went twice this weekend - had the regular beignets (flaky, sweet, and warm), the "stuffed" with seafood (fresh and delicious), the "pignay" - basically a beignet wrapped around a generous hunk of sausage on a stick - very good, and this morning, the peach ones - these were fresh peaches, didn't come from a can.  The chickory cafe au lait was also delicious, and, there was a keyboardist providing music, too!  Will be back when in town!These beignets are amazing! They're light, flaky, and crispy. They're covered in sugar which makes anything better.Just not the real thing! It is trying to live of the fame of the next door famous Cafe de monde , I guess that would of been ok if the product was good but it's not.
The beignets were flat and not that nice, like slightly puffy pie crust. I think it is just better to wait in line and get the real thingAwesome and tasty. The seafood beignet is really good. Plus the regular beignets here are way better the Cafe Du Monde!! Thin, flaky, hot, and made to order!! Yum!!!This place is so gooood, beignets are buttery, flaky, and light and sweet or savory. Get the pig nay, or the stuffed yay, or the originals they arw all good. Evwn to the minute they were closing their pastries were perfection. Mad our entire geoup regret going else where during the rest of our trip.you will not regret itNot sure why this spot doesn't have TONS of reviews yet but it's an overlooked AWESOME FIND.  They have THEE BEST beignets in all of New Orleans!  It's not open 24 hours, only from 8-12 I believe.  
I was on a quest for the BEST beignets - I ate beignets from multiple places and I literally found this place a block down from Cafe Du Monde, on the same side of the street.  Due to the obscene line up at Cafe Du Monde I was discouraged and started pouting because I didn't have time for that kind of line for beignets because I was in route to a walking tour staring in an hour.
So I started looking around and saw another green and white sign steps away with a moderate line up.  So I thought what the heck, I'll try This place now and Du Monde's after the tour.
Let's me tell you and SAVE you the calories or curiosity!  This place has HANDS DOWN a THOUSAND times better  beignets.  THIS is what you imagine a FRENCH doughnut to taste like in every way!  Those of you that have eaten pastries and desserts in France will LOVE this place over Du Monde's without a doubt. 
The beignets are AIRY, light, flaky, slightly crisp as you bite down into the soft, warm perfectly mastered fried dough.  If you are a FOODIE please trust me on this one.  This place perfected the beignets- the French would agree!  Best when eaten moments fresh.  The taste of the dough itself is SO good you don't even need all the powdered sugar the Du Monde's covers their beignets with. 
Du Monde's were the complete opposite.  They were heavy in weight, dense, a bit chewy in texture, and the dough stuck together when you bit down on it.  There was no "crisp" factor as you bit into it.  
If I didn't try the beignets HERE I would have thought, Meh, I am not a beignet fan but...not all beignets are created equally!
Enjoy!!Beignets are much better than "down the street"! Decided to stop in just to compare and glad we did!Pastry like beignets, light compared to Cafe du monde, with powdered sugar & beignets with sausage on a sick aka 'Pig-nays!'  Yum!!!Eager to try all the best beignets within walking distance in New Orleans, I headed over to this place on the last day of my trip. It was a monday and it was pretty much deserted. I walked into the air conditioned indoor area to order, and a woman greeted me cheerfully. 
I asked her about the pig in a blanket, which she recommended, saying it was one of her favorites. I decided to order one of those ($3) and one order of beignets. I did not need all this powdered sugar and dough in my life, but I figured I had to try both. The pig in a blanket was a sausage much larger than I expected, wrapped with a beignet. It was tasty, salty, and delicious. Definitely eat it fresh though, because the dough will start to get soggy from the sausage.
The beignets were good, although I still preferred Cafe du Monde's. These beignets were a bit thinner and flakier, they kind of reminded me of a flaky pastry crust. It's a matter of personal preference, but I prefer having a more doughy inside, which these beignets lacked.
All in all, worth a visit, but a different style of beignets which was not my preference. The pig in a blanket is definitely unique and worth trying though!Beignets are good, lighter than Cafe Dumonde. The coffee, however, tastes like hot water. No flavor, no chicory, no foamy milk. Definitely needs work.  No wait for service.
Clean restrooms.Bought a hot chocolate($3) and a serving of 3 beignets($3) here. The hot chocolate was very chocolatey and tasted quite nice! The beignets on the other hand weren't quite up to standard. They're still decent if this is the only place near you that sells beignets but definitely don't make it your first choice for them. They had a crispness to them which I found odd as no other beignets I've tried had that. 
The color scheme may get you confused as it's identical to the superior Cafe Du Monde(definitely go there for beignets).We sat down and had our left overs in a bad to go. One friend decided to pick at the leftovers when a rude man came over and said no take outs here you need to go. Clearly we had Cafe Au Du Monde bags to go but c'mon were all paying customers. Rude ppl only interested in tips work here! Want real beignets? Go on bourbon street!!! This place is known but not authentic.Got here thanks to another reviewer that stated beignets here were better than other famous place. Well, she was right and more. I then went to Cafe Du Monde next day and after having these, and was disappointed. So certainly, this will be the place to go in the future.Went here because the line was so long at Cafe De Monde. The peach Beignets were really good. Yesterday had them at Cafe Beignet. They are better here and no line.Way less crowded than Cafe du Monde. I honestly like their beignets more, although I agree that they are just two completely different kind of beignets. If you like crispy, flaky pastry, this might be more your thing. But hey, you can't really go wrong with deep fried dough with confectionary sugar either way.Say you only have a couple of hours to walk around the French Quarter, stop here for an order of beignets, because a little bag full of yummay pastry and powdered sugar c'est magnifique! (And I don't even know french!) Service was fast and friendly an order of 3 was $3. Walk across the street and sit in the garden, perfect setting!Went in here by accident by not paying attention. Meant to go next door. Had raved about how awesome beignets were to my boyfriend who had never had them. They came out hollow and flat. Totally ruined it for him. I do have to say I like the fact that it's family-run as we talked to the owners mother and she was super sweet. Unfortunately that alone don't bring us back.I live in New Orleans and I usually go to he Cafe Du Monde down the street. I've always considered this place the knockoff Cafe du Monde and avoided it mostly. But I came here one day with my folks and discovered that this place is actually better!! It's not as crowded, it's still very serene and the beignets taste a lot better! Also they have more things on their menu. I recommend visitors to give it a try and compare for yourselves.Nice, friendly, and quick staff. The beignets were great and the live music on their patio was even better. The beignets are not as doughy as Café du Monde's, but their practically nonexistent line was way better than the down-the-street one. Certainly will come back again.The beignets here are light and tender. They are warm and heavenly. They melt in your mouth. They are the same cost as cafe du monde but So much better.   Afer eating beignets at New Orleans famous Beignets I would never try any place else.I like my beignets the French way, with layers of flaky pastry, light and fluffy. This spot nails it. Came here twice during my stay. Prefer this over Cafe du Monde.Peach beignets are where it is at!  The coffee is solid yum!  Nice view and great service and product.The begneits here are sooooo much better than Cafe  du Monde. Don't even waste your time going there.  We had begneits at three different locations and I would have wondered what all the hype was if we hadn't stopped at New Orleans Famous Begneits.  They are light and airy not heavy and doughy. I wish I had one right now!I get why Cafe du Monde is the best but I think everyone should give this place a try. With shorter lines, amazing beignets and to die for frozen Mocha Cafe Au Lait, I can't remember tasting anything better.As expected the famous Cafe Du Monde was a mad house at 10 am on a Saturday morning. Thankfully the line over at New Orleans Famous was much more manageable (although still existant) and the out door seating free for the taking. We got coffee and beignets, both traditional and stuffed with peach. They were delicious, light and fluffy and doused in powdered sugar. The perfect sugar rush before heading out for an air boat ride and general NOLA debauchery.Best ever! Great place, Ms. Francis rocks and makes the place as good as it gets! I am now covered in white sugar!Okay, so I know that this is the "meh" place, and Cafe Du Monde is the IT place. Well, it was the opposite for me. On the last day (morning) that Hubbs and I were here, we took a chance to rectify our disappointing beignet experience earlier in the trip (*ahem* Cafe Du Monde *cough*). The line was kind of long, but was slowly moving. When we got to the counter, we realized that it was only one girl on the register and one cook, so I felt bad for her. We ordered one order of beignets (3 beignets) and an iced mocha cafe au lait. We only waited for a couple of minutes before the hot, fresh beignets came out. We took them to a table around the back, sat down and took a bite.
Now, before this trip, I had never had a "proper" beignet (all of mine were pretty much funnel cake in a square shape). But this is what beignets are all about... crispy, light outside, chewy soft, croissant-like inside. The hot and fresh beignet was covered in a blanket of sweet powdered sugar. Coupled with a cold and refreshing cafe au lait, and I (and Hubbs) was definitely a happy camper.
As we walked out, we passed by the Cafe Du Monde line and scoffed. If only they knew what they were missing at a fraction of the wait time.Love this place .... since the line for cafe du monde was about a mile long ... so we went here a much shorter line on Mardi Gras and had the delicious coffee and beignet and they were so good.Really like their beignets. Light and pastry-like. When the line at Cafe Du Monde is an hour long, why wait.
Yes, their coffee and juice prices are high at $3 (includes tax), it is worth it.
Fast and friendly. Will go again.Try out the pignay, its amazing! Its a small cozy cafe in new orleans, and right next to jackson square. The staff is friendly and the prices are very good as well. I will come back here in the future.Fair prices and the beignets are decent. I like there is plenty of outdoor seating which allows me to take a break from the crowd and still be in it.Ordered a $7 coffee and asked for a second small coffee cup to split with my boyfriend and they absolutely refused. We went right next door, didn't purchase anything , and was given an extra coffee cup no problem. Hospitality was horrible at this establishment, can't believe I paid that much for a coffee and couldn't even be afforded a second small cup.I was going to give this place an excellent review but they tried to rip me off so my assessment is the opposite.  I thought the price of $2.75 was a little high for a glass of iced tea but figured that was the price you pay of being a tourist.  When I asked if I could have a refill I was prepared to pay 25 cents but was told it would be THREE DOLLARS!
Buyer beware!Stopped here after being disappointed elsewhere, cafe du monde failed miserably today. This place was way better!!!! The staff was friendly and helpful. The beignets were warm, fluffy, sweet and just delicious! Fast service and courteous staff. Great sweet tea. I recommend this place. Don't waste your time or money at Cafe Du Monde. This place was clean and tidy, the restrooms were clean too. The staff spoke English and I could understand them. We were impressed and will return when we come back in town.The stuffed beignets (savory) and regular beignets (sweet) were REALLY good. Line is long on the weekends (tourists), but prices are cheap. Cafe au lait was good. Chickory coffee was a big mistake --- WAY too bitter, no matter how much sugar and milk I dumped in.By far the best beignets of all the ones we tried in NOLA so far. 
We tried Cafe Beignet and Cade du Monde as well. Not nearly as good. 
This place has a different sort of beignet. It's more like a combo of puff pastry and croissant pastry that's deep fried, instead of the normal pastry the other places use. 
Ridiculously good. 
They also have a seafood stuffed beignet (also great) and a sausage with beignet dough wrapped around it. FYI the sausage comes with powdered sugar so tell them no sugar if you don't want the sweet version. 
The only caveat is that this place isn't as nice inside or out than the more famous locations. But the food is worth it.Wow, wow and more wow. I've been to New Orleans three times and I guess third time is a charm because I didn't even know to come to this place.
Everyone always rants and raves about Café du Monde down the street, but I have to say, these Beignets blow them out of the water. I tried several different Beignets while in NOLA, and these were my favorite. If you like a little more crunch in your breakfast and less dough, these beignets are the ones to get!The beignets here blow Cafe Du Monde out of the water (CDM has superior coffee, though)! 3 blazing hot and puffy pillows come doused in an explosion of sugar that will leave you looking like a coke addict; just sayin'.
I recommend getting the your beignets to go so you can continually coat your dwindling rectangles of delicious in the sweet stuff. 
Service is not bad, just a touch surly. Great location and plenty of seating in and out.
A small cafe au lait and an order of beignets will run you six bucks flat---without a doubt, the cheapest high in the street!I passed cafe du monde in the morning with my friends and it was incredibly packed. Heard from a friend of a friend that this place had great beignets as well and that they thought it was better than cafe dumonde's. Will have to get cafe dumonde's version later to compare but it was extremely delicious! Pair it up with their frozen mocha cafe au lait, and it was a great start to our morning.Went here thinking it was Cafe Du Monde. Ended up trying both this place & Cafe Du Monde. I like this place much better. The beignets were light, fluffy, flaky and crispy on the outside. They were heavenly. The service was fast and super friendly. and the food was fresh. I would actually recommend these guys over Cafe' Du Monde. Same price, better beignets!!!AMAZING! Stuffed beignet, pig nay, and beignets!  Delicious!! All this plus 2 waters $18!  And the cutest little old women at the counter makes it even better!! The picture doesn't show the pig nay, it didn't last very long!!Dare I say it.... I have to... Beignets here are better than Cafe Du Monde! The beignets here are light, crispy and super flakey! Unlike Cafe Du Monde where their beignets are doughy and not all that crispy. And since Cafe Du Monde is so busy, they pre-make and bag your beignets. So by the time you get them, it's cold. Luke warm at best. But HERE, it's made to order! So it's guarantee nice and fresh.Excellent. They are across the way from the actual famous place. Thy are not as thick or heavy as the other place. I think they are great if not better. it's just a matter of preference to include a less wait time for your pastry and coffee.Beignet's that taste like microwave toaster struddel with powdered sugar on top. 
If you go, I recommend the seafood stuffed Beignet - I think it had chicken and crawfish and some other stuff, comes with rice which is decent.I am currently eating a stuffed beignet and I think I found religion. Literally every bite I'm screaming YAS KWEEN. I have no idea what's in it but I'm assuming it's gumbo?It will be hard to rate the food and coffee since I was never served! We were told to sit down and Simeon would serve us but after 15 min of no service I went to the counter and tried to order and was told that I needed to sit back down and would be served! I asked oh like it should have happened 15 minutes ago?  So I sat back down and 10 min later and watching 15 people who cme after I did enjoying their beignets I got up and walked back to stand in line at cafe du monde in the rain! At least I know I will be rapidly served! Skip this one!Like its American cousins, I never met a beignet I didn't like.  Of course, everybody visits Cafe du Monde. Cafe Beignet's two locations are also very popular.  There are many more beignet shops in town. But this place may be the sleeper among them all.
Cafe du Monde is just down the way so perhaps grabs all the attention and tourist traffic. But this spot is definitely worth skipping the others for if only for their beignets which are quite different from the other local mainstream shops.
Where the other beignets are soft and pillowlike throughout, these are lightly crispy, flaky and crunchy on the outside and then soft on the inside. The outside crunches almost like a toaster strudel.  Covered in powdered sugar and accompanied by an iced chicory coffee...laussez faire les temp roulez!
They also have outside and inside (air-conditioned) seating.I went here with three friends yesterday in the late morning when there were around 100 people in line at Cafe Du Monde. If you find yourself in this situation, may I suggest finding a Cafe Beignet (on Royal or Bourbon street) instead. 
All the cafe au laits were lukewarm (not exaggerating), and they tasted like weak diner coffee. 
Two orders of beignets. First time since being in N.O. that we didn't finish them. Strong flavor of grease. (Sure, they are fried in grease, but are they supposed to be grease-flavored?) They weren't good. 
Our table was dirty and sticky and the waitress did not wipe it off (should have asked!) Otherwise the service was fine. 
In short, the coffee was terrible, the beignets were bad, it was dirty, and more expensive than at Cafe Du Monde! 
No I don't work for Cafe Du Monde or Cafe Beignet! There's just no reason to have  terrible coffee and beignets while you're in New Orleans.This place says it's open 8a-9pm and it was CLOSED at 4:30pm on a Friday.  Thanks for nothing :(These are hands down the BEST beignets in New Orleans!  We stumbled on this gem on our way to Café Du Monde.  The line there was so long, so we tried this little place instead.  Staff was friendly and all smiles.  Melt in your mouth delicious!  Later in the evening when the line went down, we tried Café Du Monde to compare.  They were clumpy and misshapen and very doughy, like you would get in a zeppole at a carnival.  Not nearly as good as the ones we had in the morning at New Orleans Famous.  My sons begged to go back the next morning for more.  My husband also couldn't get enough of the pig-nays.  Skip the line at Café Du Monde and go here instead.  You won't regret it!Famous Beignets & Coffee was a nice place to partake of New Orleans' renowned pastry. Less well known than Cafe Du Monde across Jackson Square, it's also less crowded and has less of mass tourist feel to it.
The beignets were warm, light and flavorful. It was a breezy morning so naturally powdered sugar scattered on us and downwind. (Hint: Do not wear dark clothes if you're going eat these pastries!) The cafe au lait could have been a bit warmer, but the chicory coffee was very nice.
Consider Famous Beignets & Coffee as a less crowded alternative Cafe Du Monde.I wanted to try allllll the beignets in Nola.  On our last day there, I Yelped beignets and found this place.   We gave it a chance and thank goodness we did..
These beignets are different from those from Cafe Du Monde.  These are flakier, lighter and less doughy.  I still like the ones from Cafe Du Monde just the same.  These are just different and good in their own way....we came in a little after they opened up.  There was no wait and the lady serving us was very sweet.  
We ended up just sitting outside and enjoying our beignets and cafe au lait in the beautiful weather.. (75°)...it was kind of bittersweet, in my opinion, because we were taking of in a few hours....we ended up ordering another batch.  Later, we were contemplating on buying some to go, but I was afraid they weren't going to sit well, being fresh out the fryer into the bag = soggyness and pasty confectioners sugar.  We ended up not ordering it to go...I should've asked the lady to fry some up but then let it cool down a bit before putting it in the bag and dumping the sugar in it.....ahhh, regrets...