Very disappointed with this restaurant. Went before Mardi gras but they still had a Mardi gras limited menu. Burger for $8, soft drink for $3 and a basket of fries for $5. I maybe could have paid that if the food was good but it was actually really bad. Nothing special about the burger. Lettuce, tomato and onion looked less than appealing and the fries were actually soggy and dripping in oil. They were essentially inedible. And they didn't have the yogurt machine operating because of Mardi gras. Overall it was a total disaster and I won't be going back. There's a million great places to eat in New Orleans and I definitely chose poorly.Got take out tonight.  It was ready when promised and the fish was excellent, jumbo shrimp was terrific, fries and hush puppies great. Didn't care for the slaw, but everyone has their own favorite style.  Doesn't claim to be a fancy, gourmet place which makes me a fan.  Will definitely return and try dine-in experience.I just recently left this new restaurant on St. Charles in a hurry. I can't use the word "disappointed" because when a place has a sign as tacky as that and an interior that looks like the child of Popeye's Chicken and Applebees, there is really only so much one can except. I sat down at the bar of this wanna-be "locals" joint and order the charbroiled oysters. Big mistake! Sure there are a million and one places in the city that claim to have "Nawlins" oysters but if you're gonna highlight it on the menu and then put a giant picture of it on the wall, then it probably shouldn't taste like it was cooked on a budget. Don't get me wrong, they weren't awful they were just so-so. Something you'd except from a restaurant in Manhattan named "Bourbon Street". Their redeeming factor: beautifully chilled schooner glasses filled with Abita Amber, but if this is the selling point for you...find a bar!Have dined here numerous times, even last night.
Nice place, lighted private parking lot, good views of streetcars & walkers on historic St. Charles Avenue.
The ordering is at counter, with everything else table-service.  This is a confusing and inefficient system; foods are frequently served late & cold.
There is a separate sweets, coffee, & beignets area, and yet another separate bar area, with tables.  But bartenders have always been extremely inattentive to customers.  
Last night was a comedy of minor ordering & kitchen goofs; but our great server, "Sam", dilligently & cheerfully smoothed things out for our party; and a good time was had.
Kudos to Sam.
Despite all its faults, we seem to keep going back, anyway, hoping for some improvements in service.
This place has GREAT potential !
RickGood service. Good food. We were there on a Thursday night around 8:30PM. I had the crab cake, eggplant stack. Delicious. The popcorn shrimp platter was also very good.The concept was really cool, and the atmosphere laid back. Customer service was great and food was DELICIOUS!Why bother?
You can do better just about anywhere.
Chain restaurant. 
Enough said.Had my moms birthday dinner with 40 people in their downstairs private dining area. The food was delicious, the accommodations were wonderful, and the service was impeccable!!One of my guilty pleasures here in town.  I feel like I shouldn't like New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood Co but I really do.
It's in no way refined or high class but I'm always served a good full dish of food.  A nice place stacked high full of fried goodness.
I always get the thin fried catfish platter when I go here.  The catfish are very good and surprisingly not dry even though are so thin and deep fried.  The rosemary garlic fries that come wit them are good by themselves.
The boudin balls are a good choice as well to start off with.First of all we loved it soooo much that we ate here twice on our 3 day stay in New Orleans! The nice large oysters on the half shell were so fresh and delicious, the fried shrimp and fried oysters were superb and the beer nice and cold! We tried many different things from the menu including the shrimp poboy, fish with crab meat, egg plan with the crab meat... about the crab meat...it is definitely meaty and not like any others we had ever had where there is more filler than crab so it was worth the extra $ to add on. The service was impeccable both times and we know we now have a great place to go every time we are in NOLA! 
BTW, we ate at other so called NOLA "have to go to restaurants" and were soooo disappointed in those. One ws incredibly pricey and the other one just plain sucked with no flavor and horrible bathrooms! This restaurant was priced fairly and just rocked!!!The fries. Best fries I've ever had. Ever. Wedge cut fries drizzled with melted garlic butter. Amazing.
The shrimp poboy was okay. It was a lot of bread and not a lot of shrimp..I've definitely had better. 
Ice cream is free if you buy a kids meal or a drink from the bar. My husband and I didn't realize that until after we both made ourselves one. Oopsie!
Service was a bit slow but friendly!We have been here a few times, it is a quick and tasty meal with little fan fare.   This time, I had the Breezy Cocktail and  it was great.  A mojito style rum in an Arnold Palmer.  It was very good.I wish I drank more often.   I usually just have apps here, so I had the shrimp with the bleu cheese and  hot sauce over the  raw cabbage.  Easy hunger fix. 
The drink menu looked very interesting.  Have I had more time, I would have drank more, but time constraints did not allow me to get my drink on.   There is a Happy Hour from 3 to 6 PM with 5 dollar specialty cocktails, and 2 dollar schooners.   
The only issue I have with this place, is that it is cold.   Bring a jacket no matter what the weather.  I keep one in my trunk for this very reason.Very disappointing! I use to come here all the time and when I came in here today it was my worst experience so far. Not only did we wait 30 minutes for our food , it was cold! the general manager made excuses about sunday being their busiest day. However the restaurant was not even half full. He did give us a coupon for free entrees next time we come, but I'm giving it to my brother. I'm not coming here again.I normally go here every time I want a delicious rice and beans. Hamburgers are really good too. The atmosphere is like any other bar-restaurant, but the food is great. HINT! Right behind this place (they are connected, actually), there is a coffee shop where they sell my favorite beignets in town. Try them!!I can't vouch for much as I only tried the Chicken Bacon Club Salad, but it was tasty. Nothing out of this world, but I'd eat it again!Ok so I'm a local and I have eaten at their restaurant on Veterans Hwy in Metarie - Oh maybe 100 times over the years. The Thin fried Catfish platter is my absolute favorite meal in the world! Today I went to the St Charles location - they were out of thin fried catfish (how on earth does that happen?)  so I opted for a special of Shrimp Remoulade with Thick fried catfish. The catfish was really good. The Shrimp Remoulade was completely tasteless - just a cold bowl of shrimp textured wet nothing! Seriously didn't even taste like shrimp. Very disappointing. Still loving the catfish though. Just steer clear of the Remoulade. Sorry guys you bombed out completely on that one.Tasty! Food is flavorful, drinks are strong and staff is friendly. What more could you ask for?!In New Orleans for the weekend and our hostess with the mostest decided we should try this place . I always enjoy looking up menus before I actually attend to get a feel for what I want. Having already had a PoBoy here, I def wanted something more Cajun. 
Going to split this review in 2 pieces cause I believe service is equally as important. 
Service was amazing or maybe our waiter was just very charming. His southern charm maybe me feel at home. He made sure our food was on time which is really important with a large group. 
Now to the food. I got the Chargrilled Oysters and a Rajun Cajun sandwich and of course a ice cream cone . The oysters are seasoned very well and oily like I like. The sandwich was good not mind blowing . But that ice cream cone thoughhhhhhhhhh....between us....get two.Food is decent most of the time though found the blackened fish sandwich fishy. The veggie burger is pretty good, hamburgers respectable, though nothing special. Customer service is consistently mediocre - a big detraction, though . And I hate the flies and how noisy it is at the St. Charles location.Get ready Uptown for a little bit a Metry!  What used to be Cannon's is now another of our local staples: The New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood Co.  But with a twist!  This location has a separate business entered from Milan St that features among other deliciousness: beignets!  Yes, beignets Uptown - FINALLY!  (They also have wifi in the cafe, but I digress.)
Today I had the pleasure of lunch at NOHSC and all in all they totally earned the 4 out of 5 stars.  And if they read this it would've been 5 out of 5 if the portion of my blackened fish po-boy weren't much smaller (30% smaller) than I anticipated, especially for $9.95.  A couple extra french fries couldn't hurt either.  Hey, I know you just opened and you've got a budget, but you want me to come back, right?
The re-invention of the space from the glory years of 4141 then Cannon's and now NOHSC is pretty brilliant.  It's more open.  Brighter, cleaner.  The set-up is self-explanatory and a little nouveau.  Like the other NOHSC you order at the front from one of 2 registers then a key card is scanned that you check in at your table.  I'm guessing this technology is at their other locations, but I hadn't seen it, and it was pretty cool.
The service was grand.  The cashier was helpful and suggestive.  Our "waittress" Caitlin was very nice and attentive.  I quote her job title as the waitstaff don't really wait on you so much as follow-up.  Remember you order at the front and key card indicates where the food is brought.  So Caitlin basically offered to refill drinks, bring a go box, etc.
Timing is everything!  I can't wait to see this space rocki' for Mardi Gras this upcoming Carnival season.  In the mean time, stop in and see what Metry has always embraced and what we Uptown may now nosh!I'm so glad NO Hamburger & Seafood put a location uptown.  It's the perfect location.  The inside was completely redone from when this used to be Cannon's restaurant.  It's fun, prices are what you come to know with this chain, Thin-fried catfish is the best item on the menu, free soft serve ice cream, unlimited refills on drinks, great bar area... and in the morning they have coffee and beignet's next door. (and free Wifi)  Great place for the kids, if I ever need a quick bite to eat... I go here!I would definitely skip this place, and head to the next one. I got a buffalo shrimp po boy, and of all the po boys I've had in New Orleans this was by far the least packed po boy I ve had.  I wish I had taken a picture but I was so hungry I ate the the entire thing in 6 bites. It was tasty, but it was small, and may have had 6 shrimp in it. 
I liked the set up of ordering at the counter and getting the food brought out to...Its clean, and the service is good. But the food is average, super average. I would go to fat harrys down the street over this place.Average spot for touristy selections of food. Great place to stand in line for the bathroom during Mardi Gras. Has sort of a piccadilly vibe regarding service. The food is alright; if you just need a quick bite, they'll hook you up with something deep fried. They do keep the dining room fairly clean. Coffee and beignets are served in the back room. Parking lot on carondelet.Amazing beignets, much better than Cafe Du Monde (theirs are really heavy) these are light and fluffy, hard to stop eatinghtem. the food at the brurger placenext door looks amazing too.Upon entering the location it wasn't very inviting and the staff seemed to feel like it was a burden to take our order. The location was definitely prime with it being right off St. Charles and in the midst of the Rex Mardi Gras parade and in their defense, maybe they were just fed up with the massive amount of drunkards and foolishness that might have been going on outside but still that is no excuse for the poor attitudes. 
The food was overpriced and lacking a pizazz that has come to be associated with New Orleans food and culture. Of course there was a limited menu and it contained only a few items and each tasted worse than the others. The jambalaya was mushy and bland. Yes, it had some spice but that was only hot sauce masking the blandness. 
I would be welcomed to give it a second chance but they would have to really show that the food, atmosphere, and personnel truly represent New Orleans and that good ole' southern hospitality.This is a neat restaurant that makes use of its space very well.  It's open and welcoming and in a great location.  The menu has both seafood and burgers, but apparently the burgers are the thing to go for.  Indeed, the burger I had was quite excellent and the condiment bar is a great way for you to customize your burger to your tastes.  
My complaint about this place though would be that the staff doesn't seem to know much about their own products.  Since it was my first time there, I walked up to the cashier and asked her about the different items and she didn't seem to know what to tell me.  She kept on having to ask her co-worker, and I kind of feel her co-worker was just telling me what I wanted to hear.  I feel particularly duped because I asked if the onion rings were beer battered.  They said yes.  I paid an extra $1.25 to upgrade to onion rings.  Of course, the onion rings were not beer battered, which was what I was expecting.
Other than that minor detail, I had a good experience overall.  Would go back again.This place is okay. Burgers are nothing special but their fries have something going love them.  When I decided to bring my family here during Mardi Gras 2016 I was so hungry! First red flag we went to drive into the parking lot and a man was standing there, which makes sense because it is one block from the parade route.. He then proceeded to tell us the lot was full.. Sitting there in my car I saw 7 EMPTY parking spots so I was so frustrated, I dislike being lied to, you could have just said we aren't using the lot today... Then when we get inside its not extremely busy but not slow either we look at the menu and it says they are only serving certain dishes (burgers) and they don't come with anything else you have to pay for the side of fries not to mention they jacked the prices so high it was about 20 bucks for a burger and fries!! So we proceeded to talk to the manager about the rude parking man... And the managers only response was "He is just tired of everyone asking if they can park there". ARE YOU SERIOUS! The whole thing left a sour taste in my mouth and they will never receive my service again.Five stars. Five full, well-earned stars.
One star for service - yes, you order at the counter, but you have a server that makes sure your drinks are full and your food comes out hot. Everyone (at this location) was friendly, from the sweet ladies at the counter to the adorable girl that helped make sure my drink was full.
One star for cleanliness - you could eat off the floor at this place, and there wasn't a crumb on a single table.
One star for menu selection - everything from po boys to popcorn shrimp to boudin balls, which were by far my favorite.
One star for clean restrooms - thank you SO much for that one.
One star for ambience - yeah, it's not a romantic, overdone place. It's not a dive, either. This is a clean, open, airy place with lots of windows that will be a crowd pleaser for anyone  - save the self-proclaimed food snobs who don't visit chains. And let's face it, who cares what they think? Not Kit. Not one bit.
We stayed at the bed and breakfast next door, and actually visited NOHSC twice - once for dinner after a hard day of touring, and once for a late lunch on our way to the airport. 
The hardest part was saying goodbye, NOHSC. I hope to see you again real soon, and I'm sad you're not next door to my house in Minneapolis.We visited the Uptown location. All-American cheeseburger was delicious, fries were o.k(I'm used to eating fresh-cut fries). My cousin had the Blackened Fish w/Crabmeat Stuffing with Creamy Crawfish Sauce and Big Easy Rice---he said it was very good. The location reminded me of Rice Village.I ordered the Big cheesey burger. It was cooked as specified. All I can say is"yummy". The garlic fries are so good! My husband ordered the catfish po-boy. He loved it. If you happen to be in the area, it is worth a stop.Was dissappointed to see Cannon's was gone but I really enjoyed this place.  The room was huge and the decorating and numerous massive tv's were awesome! the fries with the sauce were by far the best thing I ate but the burgers and thin catfish were good as well.  The only thing that I wasn't impressed with was the lemonade.Been here twice and food is ok but service is terrible. Lots of tables and unhurried, but few, servers. So many better options around. Won't be back.Wow, Wow, oh WOW!!! I've recommended NOH&S to my friends from out of town since 1984 and this evening on Sunday before Memorial day the restroom was dirty and paper towels were empty, I tried to order dessert (Bread Pudding) and was told they were out...I next went to the "Fixins bar" where there were NO plates and very little "Fixins" set out, the SoftServe machine was broken and the other one was taken apart as well. When I received my order the Garlic Fries were cold, I then asked the waitress for some A.1 Steak sauce for my hamburger (a condiment that I have seen on the table since 1984, and this particular store which I frequented since 2010) I was chuckled at by her and told that "I must be confused and gone to another restaurant" Rest assured that of the many dozens of my people I have directed to NOH&S I will be sending them and all others elsewhere in the future!Well, New Orleans Hamburger, it was nice knowing you. The main draw of NOHSC was that it was extremely convenient for large groups. The order-at-the-counter process was perfect. Now that they only do table service, this is not going to be an option for my group anymore. 
The tables are now bolted down so we can't pull tables together anymore. Not good for a large group. The waitress did do separate checks for us, but it seems like it is adding more work unnecessarily, it was better when we could order at the counter.
(I do admit that one of the drawbacks of the counter services was that we couldn't leave a tip on the credit card, I always had to bring cash to leave on the table at the end of the meal. I am sure that was not profitable for the servers. Maybe if they go back to counter service they can program their credit card machine to leave a space for a tip.)
I did enjoy the chargrilled oysters, but since my group won't be meeting here anymore I don't know when I will be back.So while I'm visiting New Orleans I have family members that live out here that took me here because it was right down the street from my hotel room...I had a seafood platter consisting of fried shrimp and thinly cut fried catfish fillets...everything was fresh, delicious, and enjoyable....good stuffIf good fried seafood dishes or big hamburgers are what you crave, this is as good a place as any.  I love the location on St. Charles and it's a great option when I have guests with kids in town because they have good kids menu with good variety and they have soft serve ice cream by the salad bar.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  
Its just alittle heavy for my taste.This place is OK, not great. I think it would be good if you want a place to bring kids as there were lots there. The food is OK, nothing great. I asked about where the burger was from and was told it was from somewhere in Chicago and arrives frozen. For the price I would head to Company Burger which is much better.Very good food and a charming place to eat. Staff is nice and friendly. Also the whole self served drink station is an interesting concept.Three words.....FREE SOFT SERVE!
The burger was great and the cheese fries even better. I went Tuesday at noon and the service was good, food came out within 15 min. I was not a regular at the location in Metairie but went perhaps ever couple of months; I will be a regular at the St. Charles location. Did I mention FREE SOFT SERVE?!
Admittedly, it does not take much to make me happy after the ice cream thing but I am confident the food would also be considered good by the lactose intolerant :)I'm not that excited about this restaurant. I like the voodoo drink, I think that's the name of it. I'm not a big hamburger person. The eggplant is OK.I had a fantastic experience here! The thin fried catfish was excellent. Rachelle was such a helpful and friendly server! She deserves a RAISE. Great atmosphere, food, service, and location. Fried green tomatoes, chargrilled oysters, and roast beef poboy were other highlights. The price is right and the food is delicious!Love coming here for lunch. Good menu selections. My favorite is the thin fried catfish! Great Burgers and awesome salads. The garlic french fries are to die for. The girl at the register (don't know her name) is a hoot.  She's got the perfect personality and could sell you anything!4 stars here, could have been 5 but the service is not very attentative.
I came in here for lunch looking for red beans and rice and the food was good. My friend ordered gumbo and it was good as well. The prices are great as each meal was under $10.
The atmosphere is nice, the area is huge and clean. Nice bar as wellWent yesterday for chicken ceasar salad and childs catfish and the food is prepared with very little care.  Who ever puts together the salads certainly has no experience or just doesnt eat them.  Lettuce seemed low grade.  Prison lettuce has to have higher grade than what aI experienced yesterday.  The catfish didnt look all that good either which is most unfortunate.  I have complained to management before and they offer a free meal for my experience but things just dont improve.  
This place could be so much better.  They should since they call themselves New Orleans Hamburger.Pretty delish. Prices ok.. Not the MoST authentic, but they have free ice cream, so that counts for a star!Now I've been to NO Hamburger & Seafood Co. a few times. The limited menu has always put me off but the vegetarian options are close to none. Literally the veggie burger was the only thing. I don't mind considering nola cuisine and figured it would at least be edible. 
The patty was grossly unseasoned. The veggie patty was soggy and falling apart. ON TOP OF IT ALL was "supposed" to be avocado. I received the veggie burger with the bun on top to HIDE the fact that I had maybe a third of an avocado slice on the patty. The only edible item on the plate was the fries even after trying to drown the patty in ketchup and mayo.
I would much rather go to another restaurant downtown to get a menu with more flavor and more options.It's your standard chain, but the beer is cheap and the salad is great! The steak fries with the buttery garlic goodness are to die for (really why I go), and the chicken club salad is the bomb. Burgers are great too!almost fudruckers for those that have them
ordering is weird.  they have a full sized menu you pick up but you order like fast food.  really uncomfortable ordering style.  I felt rushed.
drinks are a drink bar style where you get what you want.  i put cherries in my soda.  condiments are the same way.  unlimited ice cream too.
took too many people to get a high chair.
food was good.I went back this past Wednesday for beignets and a morning business meeting.  The beignets were AMAZING.  Not too doughy, not too greasy.  Kind of airy, almost fluffy.  The decaf cup I got though was unpleasant.  In all fairness, I am a coffee snob, so my expectations are way high.  
It tasted under extracted and older.  My meeting was at 10.  I should've known from experience they probably don't re-brew their decaf because few order it, so this pot was likely from opening at 630A.  A lifetime ago in retail coffee when we'd re-brew every hour, we'd sometimes not rebrew till ordered because it sells so infrequently.
In summary, skip the decaf, devour the beignets.This place is really cool. I've been to a couple of the other locations with coworkers @ lunch and they are fine but this is my favorite. The others have the feel of a chain, (fair enough) this location feels like a place for locals. Been here a couple of times now, really good sandwiches and pastas but the Shrimp platter is my favoriteWe stopped in during the Sunday lunch hour rush evidently and so waited for 30 minutes for our food.  So be aware if you go in on a Sunday between 12 and 3.  
I had the grilled shrimp caesar; the dressing was really good but the shrimp, although well cooked, were really salty.  E had the blackened fish poboy, which was mahi mahi yesterday.  And his seasoning was totally bland.  
I still miss the original concept of this restaurant. When the one on Clearview opened a million years ago, it had the best salad bar and a bajillion toppings for your burger/poboy.  Oh well.  I guess it wasn't a financially viable way to do business.When I moved to New Orleans in the year 2000, there weren't any fancy pants hamburger joints like there are now, but there was NOHS, which offered you the (somewhat odd) choice of a burger or a local (poboy) sandwich in a fast casual setting.  What I liked about the restaurant at the time, at least the Metairie outlet I frequented, is I recall they had a rather large "fixins" bar, which seems to have vanished.
Nevertheless, they have grown to multiple locations and serve pretty good quality food, rather quickly.  The uptown outlet that I was in, on St. Charles, has a full bar and raw oysters as well.  Mixed drinks were $4.44, it may or must have been happy hour, cause it's been a year or six since drink prices were in that range.  Oysters were cheap as well.
But the item worth going in for, as you'll see in most of the online reviews?  The fries.  Drizzled with garlic / herb butter, flavor and texture is superb, with the potatoes sliced in such a fashion as to retain the flavoring.
A small pool of melted butter sat below the fries.   Dear owners:  please make ramekins of this available as a dipping sauce.  Love to pour it on fried shrimp. I'll pay!The alligator poppers were amazing. Even the presentation was appealing. The barbecue shrimp poboy had a very unique taste. The more I ate it, the more I liked it.Maybe in other cities this place would be great. But in NOLA, this is just Ok.
On a side note, the service and the environment are very good. 
They give you free ice cream cones!!!Sunday happy hour was great! Reasonably priced, good service, even able to split our checks for a party of 9. Enjoyed this place - burgers were good!This place is a great fast casual restaurant that is perfect for large groups. The prices are really cheap and reasonable and the food portions are huge. Not only is the food plentiful, but it's fresh and well-flavored. You order at the counter and then they bring it to you, with soft serve ice cream after. There's a lot of seating in there too, both inside and out.Let's start off with the Good....The food was great. free soft serve ice cream. The shrimp Po boy was delicious.  The Bad... I want to be seated at a table but the hostess insisted on me seating at the bar. So after she ask me the third time I said yes. The Ugly... Sitting at the bar the the bar tender wasn't a good sever. I had to ask for things that was obvious need. I also had to ask for my check as well. I would visit this place again if i am back in town.Very yummy!  We loved the thin sliced fryed catfish. We also tried the gator poppers they were ok, but the Boudain balls were pretty yummy.  The atmosphere was cool. Large restraunt.  Great for families.WOW, A place the entire family, from Grandparents to Grandchildren, enjoyed. We filled the table with what had to have been at least half of their menu and shared and laughed the afternoon away. Amazed at how affordable it all was. Bar for the adults and free soft server for all! Yeah Alligator Poppers and Baked Oysters! ALL THE STAFF WAS GREAT! We ended up here more than once and made one last stop on the way out of town.The hamburger and fries were absolutely DELICIOUS. you order at the front, pay and they bring your food. My only complaint is the high priced drinks that are teeny tiny. But it is New Orleans!Don't bother these poor folks during shift change!!! Or during meeting time. Being ignored and Waiting forever to get an order taken and waiting to get  cold food was just what me my boyfriend and two other parties deserved...smgh!!!!!!!..............Happy early mothers  day Celebration to me. Good job. Yelp would not allow me to post this without at least one star.
I tried to post without any stars...Not sure what has happened with this place but the food quality has gone way down hill. The menu has changed quite a bit over the years. No more jumbo shrimp on the menu :( or Caribbean jack burgers. The  "catfish" I ordered tasted nothing like catfish. It had to have been tilapia or some other white fish. Also, I've been sick ever since I ate it. The service is good but the place just isn't as clean as it was in the past. A flop overall. No longer one of my go-to spots.This was my last meal in New Orleans and it left me full and satisfied. They have an array of seafood options as well as burgers as the name suggests. I had the bayou pasta and it was quite good. 
The atmosphere is airy and bright. The day I was there they opened those wall window thingies and we got a table right by it and it was really a gorgeous day, which made the food taste all the better. High ceilings and one of the walls has a floor to ceiling map of New Orleans, which is pretty cool.
Anyways, you order at the counter which is towards the back of the restaurant (as you walk in from the parking lot it should be right there on the left) and then once you order, they give you a number and you take that with you to your table, put it on the little metal thingy and they'll serve you at your table. 
Service is actually quite good, or at least it was for me, so I would recommend that you have some cash on hand.
A couple things to note, as it is with most restaurants you can always ask for water cups but at new Orleans Hamburger & Seafood Co, they give you the same cup as the regular soft drinks, so don't get confused :) 
The gumbo which is called something like 'New Orlean's Best Gumbo' was quite good. 
Good place. 
Honest report, unless I lived in New Orleans, I won't be back.Even though this place is order at the counter and doesn't have much ambience, it has very good food.  Everything I have tried has been very good...better than many more expensive places.  Very traditional, high-fat new orleans style cooking though!  So don't go eating there on days when you're trying to be healthy!  But hey, that 80% of New Orleans.Decent menu decent food decent prices. If I lived here I "reckon" I would eat here once in awhile, but there's nuttin you would be writing home to momma 'bout ... Except maybe the Abita Amber served in a frozen glass! Nice!
Fast casual style. Order at the counter. They bring it to your table. Table service for refills and alcohol orders. So don't forget to tip!We just got in town and we're so hungry. We thought how could you loose with a name like New Orleans h burger and seafood co! $90 later what a miss representation  of nola!!!!! It was terrible! Burgers taste like gross and the catfish taste like mud!!!!!!The wait staff was terrible!#! we would been better off at mcdonald's or burger king's 1$ menu!!  what a rip off! what a nola disappointment!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I had to get myself a poboy and this my friends was no small poboy! It was jammed with shrimp, fried green tomatoes, and cold slaw, with a secret sauce and it was amazing! The potato wedges were so large I was only able to eat three! ROrdered at the bar for lunch. I got the oyster poboy which was pricey but the size of the sandwich was a decent amount for the price I paid. Good news the fried oysters tasted fresh but needed some more seasoning. They were also a bit oily for my liking. The garlic fries that came with it was pretty good actually! The most disappointing thing about the sandwich is that it didn't come with the mayo sauce or any sauce at all which made the whole sandwich dry :/ The meal had potential but it just was edible. Maybe if I ordered something else it would have been better but most likely I will not be returning.I ate here again yesterday with my girlfriend.  Food was good.  I question the service.  I walk in and order at a register.  I get my own drink, straw and napkins.  We choose or own table and somebody brought our food to to us.  Then a "waiter" comes to us and says "my name is blah blah blah let me know if you need anything" but never refills or drinks or really does anything.  Every time we needed anything I had to get up and get it myself.  My question is am I suppose to tip this guy for doing basically  nothing?Truly family friendly and there's a large selection of food. Even my picky eaters found something they liked. We had a shrimp poboy, catfish, and gumbo and couldn't decide we which was better. The kids enjoyed hamburgers and chicken and they were equally happy. The fries are amazing! Made room for the bread pudding and it was big enough to share and delicious.  One of our favorite meals on our trip, will definitely do again next time.We've been here multiple times and each time it has been great! The latest time we went was during one of the Mardi Gras parades. We left the parade route for a quick bite to eat and for a bit of rest period. It's located right on St Charles so it was super convenient to get there. Surprisingly, even during the busy Mardi Gras season, we got served and seated pretty quick!
This time, I ordered a Chilli Cheese Deluxe Burger that comes with a side of Garlic Fries. So the burger was great, a nice, sloppy burger that was incredibly flavorsome. A decent size too, I actually kept half of the burger to take home as I couldn't finish it all. It wasn't as hot as I was expecting, but it was still great. The Garlic Fries, omg, they literally coat fries with a coating of garlic buttery sauce. These are great! Incredibly flavorsome and your breath afterwards could slay a vampire. I think these come with a lot of the burgers but double check prior to ordering, they are a must! A great thing about this place is that they offer free ice cream cones also which you can help yourself to. During Mardi Gras night, a bunch of kids were mucking about and broke several of the cones so it was a mess but usually it's maintained. 
Overall, I love this place and the meals here are always satisfying. Definitely try it out!Had a bowl of gumbo, was better than I anticipated. Service was pretty good. The chocolate chip cookie was on point. My dinner companion had the jumbo shrimp platter. The shrimp were huge and plentiful.so my cousin told me that this was a great place to eat & i was down of course... i mean who passed up new orleans seafood ?? 
anyway, the vibe was casual; we waited online to order & i ordered the Taste of New Orleans. 
that came with Catfish, fried shrimp, french fries, and either gumbo or red beans and rice . i picked the Gumbo, i mean i am in nawlins right? 
so almost as soon as i got seated my food came. 
cold of course. the first thing i try is my gumbo. IT TAST LIKE CANNED GUMBO. i had literally NOTHING in my gumbo. no shrimp, no sausage, no chicken, no crab. so i asked the waitress to switch out for red beans and rice .. now i work on my cold fish and shrimp. NO FLAVOR. too much lemon seasoning on my catfish. overall bad. i would not come back ever. ever . NOTHING wowed me.Burgers with some stereotypical NO/Cajun/Creole accents on the menu. I don't get it. I mean, I get it, but it was just...lazy. Nothing was done well. Everything seemed half-assed, from the menu to the service to the decor. Nothing was bad, but the entire experience was a big bundle of mediocrity. Rather pointless.I normally find this place over-priced but I really wanted a salad and only had ten minutes left on my lunch break. I pulled up the door nine months pregnant and craving a spinach, walnut, strawberry salad with poppy seed dressing. I had no idea whether or not they served it but decided to press my luck. I walked in the door and was greeted by a hostess. I am used to other locations that are more order-at-the-counter oriented but the hostess directed me to the to-go pick up window to place my to-go order. I was pleasantly surprised to find the exact salad that I was looking for one the menu. It came with chicken which I didn't really need. Would have liked the option of leaving that off to try and get my meal under $10 but I wasn't quite that lucky. Anyway, I ordered the salad and began the countdown because like I said, I only had 10 minutes. While I waited, I noticed a Yelp quick tip noting FREE SOFT SERVE so I wobbled off of the waiting couch and wandered around the dining room in search of a cone. Found it across the room and munched on free goodness while I waited. I'm not sure exactly how long it took but I was pleased with how quickly the salad came out. Couldn't have been a better scenario since I was actually glad the salad had chicken on it once I got back to the office. Five stars for fulfilling a pregnancy craving in a hurry.Food was exceptional, but the margarita was under par. The restrooms were hideous. I was going to give 3 stars but the drinks and restrooms lost a star for this restaurant.Me and my child decided to go New Orleans hamburger and seafood for dinner. We have never been to this place before and wanted to try it out while we were on vacation. We thought it was a sit down and order restaurant but instead came to find out that you order at the front counter , seat yourself, and then they bring the food to you. I ordered a veggie sandwich w/ fries and my child ordered the roadhouse burger with fries. We got our order number and sat down at a table. Our food came out and my sandwich was alright but my childs food was another story. My kids burger was beyond greasy and salty to where  couldn't even eat it. We told our waiter that they didn't like it but instead of taking it away the waiter just stood there and stared down my kid. He asked if he could get us anything else and when me and my kid said no he just leaned over our table and stared my kid down and would not leave. After at least a minute of him staring us down he finally left the table and never came back. The food was very sub par and overall is was not a good experience.Had an excellent burger (Baja) and fries here today. Service was pleasant and the food was good. Girl taking order kinda rude, but the rest made up for it.I've been to several of these, but this one is my favorite location. It's spacious, very clean, and a great place to hang out with a bunch of friends! You almost forget its fast food...WOW!A much better location than the Vets location. The quality of the food and service is much better but this is still a chain and still a last resort for when you are low on options.He ordered the Cowboy burger and a side of onion rings.(thin onion rings made fresh)  You can get 1/3 lb burgers (classic) or 1/2 lb burgers.  I ordered the rajun cajun burger and garlic herb fries. (they are the thick steak fries)  Garlic buttery herb fries were delicious.  Our food was very good. You order at the counter and then they give you a number and bring it to you.  Prices are a little high for a hamburger place  but they do offer some unique hamburgers.  I saw people with large salads which looked really good.  I might consider ordering a salad if we were to come back to New Orleans.My favorite place in Nola! BBQ Shrimp Po Boy, fries and Albita Amber, cant be beat. Service and managers are great too!For some reason this place reminds me of Red Robin, but with a southern spin.
You go in, order, pay, and they bring your food out.
I had the thin fried catfish, with garlic potato's.    Catfish was nice and crispy and not overly greasy.
Overall I'm pleased and may even go back again if we were here longer.
Prices were pretty good too compared to some of the meals we had.Stopped in on a cold & rainy day for something to take the chill off and also something light & nutritious.  It was mid-afternoon and there were very few patrons, except for three or four tables of small groups conducting informal meetings.  To take the chill off, I opted for a cup of potato soup with crumbled bacon, shredded cheddar cheese and chopped shallots.  At $6 I felt like this was a bit pricey and it was by no stretch of the imagination, a very large cup.  But what little there was of the soup was at least, hot and tasty and a thick consistency.  To fulfill my desire for light and nutritious, I opted for a Pontchartrain Beach Chicken Salad.  It really looked like the Zephyr ride at the old amusement park.  After the demitasse sized soup serving, thankfully the salad was quite large.  The salad consisted of a bed of mixed spring greens, grilled chicken breast, crumbled bleu cheese, shredded carrots and red cabbage, golden raisins and honey glazed caramelized pecans, with pepper jelly vinaigrette dressing and green apple slices standing on edge around the circumference of the salad bowl.  All total,  the whole lunch cost just over $18.  This review is rated 3 stars solely on the merits of the salad and not rated any higher due to the miniscule soup portion and its hefty price.Basically, just fatty fried food that you can get anywhere. Not bad but nothing special at all. In a city like New Orleans where there is so much amazing food, pass on this placeThe food was ok but the service was HORRIBLE. the young lady that served me wasted no time rolling her eyes and behaving in such an unprofessional manner. Will never recommend and will not come here again.This chain has been a New Orleans tradition but I have never heard anyone say that they make any one dish incredibly well. Everything is just good, consistent, I would probably give it 3.5 stars if that was an option. Your don't have to worry that your food won't be pretty good but its not gourmet or anything and its not the cheapest place to get a good poboy in town. If you want to get a poboy or another popular New Orleans dish this is a place where you can order it fast at the counter, sit down with your friends and talk in a nice atmosphere where other locals are conversing with their families or coworkers, the food will be brought to you quick, and you can enjoy your conversation. This particular location is brand new and spacious with a few flat screens in a great area of town. In the end I think that part of what you are buying is a good social experience with faster service, better seating, and better environment to have a conversation than most other casual dining places or poboy shops that sell this wide variety of New Orleans style food.Watch your bill - especially during Mardi Gras!  I decided to get drinks here at 7:00 PM during the Friday Uptown parades and got good service from the bartender so I gave him a $5 cash tip and paid for the $19 of drinks with my credit card.  Just checked my Amex and noticed that this place added 20% tip to my final charge despite the fact that I had zeroed out the tip and totaled my signed credit card receipt without any tip.  I understand it was only $3.80 that was added but as far as I'm concerned this is illegal - it's not worth my time to fight with Amex or this establishment over $3.80 but I can confirm that I will never be back and want everybody - including restaurant management - to know that this place apparently can't be trusted.  That's just bad business.Love the food!  But, the waiter system is very strange.  In many respects its a fast food joint.  Pay at counter (before you eat), fill/re-fill your own drinks at the soda fountains.  But there's a waiter too... who often isn't the one to bring out your food...  So... do we tip?  I've never needed anything from a waiter at this restaurant, but I feel guilty somehow when they come by.  Strange system.I came to New Orleans and all I did was eat! We were riding around trying to find a lunch location at 3 pm and it was difficult cause restaurants in NOLA close between lunch and dinner so when we found a place w life inside, we went. 
The cashier who you order order good from was very friendly. We ordered Po boys and a salad and fried green tomatoes. The Po boys were delicious, one friend got the BBQ one and said it was delicious.  The staff was friendly and answered many questions we had about the menu, the town, the decor, etc. The second best thing is the FREE vanilla soft serve machine with cones, there is no sign that says free but it definitely is free soft serve!!
The restaurant had a connecting coffee and beignet shop and that was the BEST part of the lunch! We ordered three and they came out f the fryer fast and you could feel the heat illuminate off the dough. This was my first beignet and it left nothing else to be desired. It was an amazing piece of dough! I would def go back and enjoy!This is the best service I've had in a long time. The servers are incredibly attentive, the food is delicious, and the dining room is spotless. Not to mention the food is delicious, generously portioned, and affordable. DEFINITELY will be returning to this location.  Did I mention the food was delicious? Oh, and there's complimentary soft serve ice cream! What's not to love?!?Majorly disappointed, ordered two hickory burgers medium rare to go, when I picked them up both were over done and tasted like frozen hamburger patties you buy at the store. Fries were decent however have felt sick to my stomach the past day and a half immediately after eating there.  Pretty disappointing especially since I paid $28 for two burgers not even made right!Went here for lunch today.  After waiting for cashier to finally get to the register, we ordered a popcorn shrimp po-boy and grilled fish sandwich.  The cashier messed up and rang up a turkey sandwich instead of the fish sandwich so she had to correct that.  Waited 20 minutes for our food to come out.  The fish sandwich came out first (and had an item on it we asked to be left off).  OVER 5 minutes later, the po-boy (and turkey sandwich--which was voided) comes out.  It was barely room temperature.  I asked for a manager and someone came out.  He NEVER did introduce myself.  He said he would comp the meal, but actually only comped the shrimp po-boy.  At least I think he did, the receipt is confusing so I will have to wait and see what the credit card statement says.delicious beignets!  yum! im glad there's a place where i can get beignets uptown now!  have to go on friday and saturday mornings! apparently that's when their top beignet maker (chris) works. the frozen cafe au laits are dangerous...
went or dinner one night.  fyi, it's faster to order your alcoholic beverage from the bar.  dont order your wine/beer/whatever with your food unless you want to wait for someone to bring it to eventually...  
dont think they've started happy hour yet, but apparently it's going to bee soon! and word is that they'll have drink specials during the games. 
nice big bar area with flatscreen tvs.  looks perfect for game watching!Lots of food at a really good price.long lines so come early. But the way they take orders on the front end and then you take a seat makes it go quickly. Onion rings were great. Fried cat fish was excellent. Garlic fries were very tasty. A great place to take the familyGreat salads with a nice relaxing atmosphere and a great view of St. Charles street. I didn't eat a burger but they look yummy so I will have to come back.Decent food not amazing but still great. I usually get a po boy an app to share and some hush puppies make sure to ask for the garlic sauce with the hush puppies it's amazingI wish this could be my neighborhood spot. But they never answer their phone so I can never get my bi-weekly takeout for me and my friends. Sucks.I needed to mix it up a bit. I really enjoy standing in a line to pay for my food, then having a seat. For starters, we had the charboiled oysters - they were perfecto! I also had a margarita (whoop) two thumbs up to Anthony my bartender. I have a major crush on turkey sandwiches I ordered it on several occasions, and really liked the way I felt at the end of the meal. Everyone from the hostess to the bartender was super friendly and professional. St. Charles Avenue deserves a great establishment like New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood Company. 
To be continued....beignets and coffee.  I heard some great things about them.We have been to New Orleans Hamburger several times.  The burgers are quite good, as to be expected.  The fries are delectable, but the onion rings are excellent.  Lightly fried without too much grease.  One of the great part is that you get free ice cream after your meal.  My husband makes a root beer float.  They also have other tasties on the menu as well: artichoke dip, fried shrimp, gumbo, etc.  It is nice to have another restaurant in the neighborhood.  
Only a few beefs (no pun intended) about this joint: Stop taking orders at the counter if there aren't any tables left.  Also, those little number card swipe thingies have got to go.  They are too confusing and add nothing to the ambiance of the restaurant.By far and away not the best burger in the area, but the place is great for bringing the family, kids, and extended family. You will be in good company as this is what everyone else is doing too! The food is good, just not great. That said, I cleaned my plate and I know we will be going back. Everyone was super nice, it was easy to get in and out of, not to mention they had free soft serve for the kids (or adults, if you wanted). No real complaints from me.The food was really good! I had the alligator poppers, a must try and a shrimp po-boy. The service was really good as well. I love this location.
Our table looked out onto St. Charles, so we had a view of the streetcars. Which my 4 year old loved. Highly recommend.Ordered a club sandwich at 11:15. 15 minutes later server comes to table and says they do not have the ham needed to make the sandwich. 30 minutes later the all turkey sandwich is still not out yetThis spacious restaurant is good for a few things, burgers, fries, and onion rings. The sandwiches are just ok. Crawfish queso, skip it. If your looking for a burger and are in the area it is not a bad choice, otherwise try one of the many other restaurants on St. Charles.Great service, great food, great music, great vibes!! The best time to come around is dinner time. Also I would highly recommend the crawfish quesoPros
- Tasty Thin Fried Catfish without driving out to Manchac.
- Good selection of burgers.
- Condiment bar that features different varieties of tomatos and pickles, and a healthy selection of generic sauces.
- CHEAP beers during happy hour.
- Open space with a wide variety of seating options.
Cons
- The tipping system is weird. There's no place to leave a tip on the receipt, so if you don't have cash on you then you're stuck. This doesn't seem to be an issue with the bar area.
- The new "deluxe" burgers are a disappointment. The patty seemed highly compressed.
- The fries are often doused with garlic butter. They're tasty, but sometimes the butter is way over the top.
- The salads are forgettable, and the po' boys are not competetive with other offerings in the area.I've been to this location before but even then, it doesn't compare to what it used to be. I ordered the shrimp and catfish combo and the best thing on the plate was the shrimp. It was always the most delicious option in my opinion but the catfish was a big let down. We had a choice to order either thin or thick catfish and we ordered thick. There's not that much of a difference actually. I understand that lemon is used in cooking almost as much as salt. There was a tangy lemon aftertaste in every bite of catfish and shrimp and that throws you off when you're used to relying on the batter being the flavor kicker instead of a lemon aftertaste. What really saved the dish was the garlic drizzle on the fries; it was a real surprise to freshen up the boring potato that if left naked, would've been pretty hard to swallow. I wouldn't really recommend anyone to come here unless they have been before and they wanted something familiar. The fact of the matter is that in the case of seafood restaurants, there are better options in New Orleans. New Orleans might not be attached to the name, but don't sleep on them; ask me for some better options! Another thing: Great service CANNOT make up for subpar food. Period.Quick update!!!
 Restaurant still rocks.I ordered takeout from here it was by far the best take out experience I've ever had a cold in my order 15 minutes when I got there it was ready packed up I paid got it home and all the sources were individually package nothing was soggy or nasty it was really just a very nice experience so thank youPretty Damn good, if you don't mind fried food. The fries are amazing drizzled in garlic butter herb sauce. Gumbo was good and the boudin balls  was a good last minute add on. Serving sizes were good but walking out with a 50$ Bill was slightly shocking for lunch with 2 adults and 1 child.The place is nice inside. The burger are good but they got rid of the basic classic burger. The music is way too loud. Parking of plenty in back. Need to go back to the menu they had before with two size burgers. I guess management can't understand that not everyone is 6 foot 2.My experience was superb ! My daughter and I were taken there by a along time friend. Good company, good atmosphere for enjoying our conversation, clean and presentation of food was exquisitely executed perfectly. It is a welcoming place. Family quality. I just remembered the drive through.Shared the Oyster Heaven poboy with my sweetie.  The promised bleu cheese and buffalo sauce were not present enough to taste at all. Thoroughly disappointed in it. Redfish Grill has a great version of this.  The red beans my son had were great!I've been here a few times but the last visit left me unimpressed. They brought out my food before my girlfriends, so I was just going to snack on a fry while waiting for her food, the fries were cold. I ordered the shrimp poboy and the shrimp were lacking so it was just a salad poboy, with brown lettuce. My girlfriend ordered a baja chicken sandwich no onions which of course had them. And her fries were cold as well. This isn't the first time the kitchen has managed to mess up the order.
Usually it's a better experience but it will definitely be awhile before I go back.Went to restaurant on St. Charles.  Food took a very long time.  But there was hardly anyone in the restaurant. Food was average.  Then went to beignet side.  No patrons waiting for food.  Same long wait - 20 minutes for beignets.  Ridiculous.  Not coming back.Bring your appetite!!  Great food and generous portions.  Comfortable seating and attractive interior. What more do you want.  Catfish LaFitte was incredible.   From out of stAte but wish I could come again!!!We went here for the garlic fries.  Unfortunately they did not live up to the hype.  I am wondering if I just got gypped on the sauce.  All of the food was okay, not great, but not bad.  Great place for kids with the variety of food, drinks and free ice cream cone for dessert.  Also, easy to access with an on site parking lot.  Really great service as well.  I would sum it up as an Applebee's for New Orleans.This is a great place for people who like Louisiana food but are in a group that needs more variety.  The burgers are delicious. Our vegetarian daughter liked the veggie burger. The red beans and gumbo are amazing as well as the fried green tomatoes. The table next to us loved the grilled oysters, but all I could taste was garlic and butter and cheese.  We had grilled shrimp tacos too which were  the daily special. Excellent shrimp filling if light on the slaw. The only complaint I have is that all the seafood entrees on the menu are fried and it's a little heavy for lunch.  Good drinks and service.My go to meal is always the seafood platter which is amazingly good especially the fries. Well, I decided to switch up and ordered the sloppy roast beef poboy and onion rings. The new meal was hearty but lmissed it a bit. I needed the gravy to run down my arm. Lol. The rings were oversalted  so I was a little disappointed this time with my selection. That said, I know that I will be back because the service is fast and friendly ,the room is casual and this was the FIRST time in many years of patronizing N.O.Hamburger that I was not thoroughly pleased.I never was the biggest fan of New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood Co. until visiting this new location. It's in the old Cannon's location so its a perfect spot on St. Charles. Great for a stroll on the streetcar and then lunch or dinner! Also great place to sit near a window and see our beautiful street and streetcar pass on by. 
You walk in, check out the menu order your food and they give you some fancy ticket for you to put in this little machine at your table, in which your food comes out to you and you can go to the bar to add any toppings you want! The food was great. I had white beans and catfish and I truly enjoyed that yummy southern comfort food with a big glass of sweet tea. This made for a happy shercole for the rest of the day after lunch! 
If that isn't enough at the bar is ice cream! You can grab you a free ice cream cone people... I really enjoyed my time here, plus great staff.
Tip: Parking off street in the rear, which is definitely a plus for me. If you are going through the week for lunch try to arrive in the 11:30/12:00 range for good range of seating choices for yourself.Food is always satisfying and fried right. Only go here for the fried goodies. They need more outside seating and a better system for lines. Ive walked away twice because of the wait. Solid good chicken and fries, which are worth the wait.This local chain does some New Orleans themed fast food relatively well.  Sadly I think this chain does better food than the consistently terrible "fine dining" Canon's that was at this location for many years previously.  When I have out of town visitors with children that only want chicken tenders and hamburgers this is where I bring them.  They also have some decent po boys (on my last visit my roast beef gravy was cold) and the hamburgers are a step up from the typical fast food place (and they offer multiple interesting combinations).  They also do some decent fried seafood platters and some of their other items are "ok" and might even be considered great if they were in any other city.  Unfortunately, they fail miserably with their gumbo, which is some of the worst I've ever had, so they certainly need to do some work on that.  They also have the largest selection of iced teas of anyplace in the area.
They have plenty of free parking behind the building and have an adjoining coffee and beignet shoppe for your dessert pleasure.  They also have a small bar area if you prefer drinking liquid alcohol concoctions to eating.  There are many better places to eat in the area but if you're in a hurry, dealing with fussy children, or have out of town guests that demand fast food this can be an easy spot for a quick bite to eat.Staying on Napoleon so this place is close. We had the fried catfish and the American burger, both were good. You order and pay up front then get a number and then find a table. Service was quick and friendly. Would recommend this place to locals and visitors.Great fries! Seriously people order the garlic fries it literally comes with any of the entrees so don't miss our. 
I come here often for the fries and the casual spacious seating. I've tried a few of their burgers now and they're all good. Anything with blue cheese or avocado and I'm on board. Alcoholic drinks are on the average price side but in New Orleans that means it's too expensive when I know I can get happy hour at any bar for half that. 
If you have out of town friends who want to try a few New Orleans foods all at once this is a good starting point bc it has a beignet cafe attached and  several unique menu items like hush puppies etc. 
And another great thing about being away from downtown is there is ample parking!Looks basic and touristy on the outside. But fantastic food on the inside! Get anything that's fried.Great little restaurant central to most New Orleans attractions. There are plenty of national chain type restaurants around it such as hard rock and bubba humps but please don't waste your time. New Orleans food is one of the main reasons to visit! The famous thin fried catfish was great! It was crispy and had a nice flavor not found in allot of pond raised or imported fish. The boudin balls were moist and not too spicy to enjoy. The shrimp poboy was very well received and full of shrimp. The gravy covered roast beef poboy was juicy and extremely tasty! Pricing is great too!I ate here by myself about two weeks ago on a Sunday afternoon and had an excellent experience. I sat at the bar and the first thing I noticed was the excellent beer selection on draft. The bartender who's name was Gerald was an extremely good server and very friendly. I was treated so well that it really didn't matter if the food was good or not. It's your typical seafood restaurant/bar type food. Not bad. I would definitely go back.Myself and 4 others ordered together, two of us the exact same meal. 3 of us got their meals, I did not.  Waited 25 minutes with server, Tira, saying several times that my food would be out shortly. Went to front and asked for manager. Was told someone would come speak to me. No one ever did. Wanted to ask again at front before we left but was totally ignored by staff. They should have sought ME out, considering I was a dissatisfied customer, but that didn't happen. I should not have had to seek out a manager a second time, especially since I was already told that one would come speak to me. Been to this location many times, but will not be going back any time soon. At the very least, I should have gotten my meal for free.Was in town this past weekend for Essence festival and wanted a nice place to dine away from the crowds of the French quarter. A friend and New Orleans native suggested this place and the whole group is forever grateful for the suggestion! I tried the thin catfish which reminded me a lot of the fish served at Copeland's. I enjoyed them, a little heavy on the lemon flavor but overall good. However the highlight of my visit was the charbroiled oysters, OMG!!!! I was already a fan of raw oysters and this was my first time trying them charbroiled and I am hooked! The service was good and the little cafe attached had wonderful beignets and great service as well. Definite plans for a return visit the next time I'm in the city.This was our first stop in New Orleans for our 3-day trip. We decided to try this place because it was pretty close and looked easy to get in. We had just driven 8 hours from Nashville and were SUPER hungry.
We were excited to find parking right outside the restaurant, but I'm sure it helped that we were there at 4:30 on a Sunday. The restaurant was empty except for maybe 1 or 2 people at the bar. We decided to sit down and get table service. The bartender was also waiting on the tables at that time of day, and he was pretty attentive. 
We were excited that we were there for happy hour and we're able to get drafts for $3. After browsing the menu for awhile, we both decided on the gumbo. As we ordered, the bartender let us know their soup of the day was crawfish and we both switched to that. After a long drive this was the PERFECT meal. A bowl was plenty to fill us up, and it was loaded with meat.
Overall the food was great and we were glad we went, but we prefer more local places as opposed to chains.Worst ever! Poor customer service by the manager/ chef george harvey; short and rude acted as if bad food was my fault .......
heads up to this place  they are offering a service to the public its is  many other places close by that have more customer service skills. 
BEWARE pre shucked oysters and frozen salads!!!!!!!!
WILL NEVER return!Good food.  Just what we were looking for dinner.  Something for everyone.  Our table had two of their specials.   It was more food than we could eat but leftovers are good.  Home style food.I usually come here often but I hadn't been in a while. Today I had the hickory bacon cheese burger. It was really good as always. It comes with the aioli fries. Those are always great! My mom had the grilled fish. It was good as well. We just wished the piece was bigger or maybe they could offer a second piece. Free ice cream afterwards is always a plus. Taylor was my server. She was very friendly and attentive. Unfortunately I didn't take any photosFamily friendly, and excellent thin-cut catfish. Kind of commercialized/tourist friendly, but the red beans and rice are fantastic.The service is so bad here! I came to escape the heat and was thinking about ordering some food but the wait time just to get a beer turned me off the whole thing.I stop by here every now and then to take food home for me and my wife. Well this time time they messed up one of the burgers. Glad I checked before I left the parking lot. No big deal right?  Well now I have a fresh burger but the fries and other burger are cold. They shouldn't have to be asked to make the order over in its entirety. People want hot food when they eat.The thin fried catfish is fantastic. The garlic fries are to die for. Their drinks are super strong and the beignets are FANTASTIC. I would try this place if you haven't yet, especially the beignets. They are so airy and delicious!THE FOOD WAS DELICIOUS!!!  They even have a connected cafe that sells excellent beignets...yum!  I highly recommend them for inexpensive NOLA cuisine that tastes great!
The only thumbs down I have is for the restrooms...need to do hourly check.Not a favorite - good spot to eat or drink around parade time.  Large area with lots of room.  Strait up burger place with all the normal sides (fries etc.) except with the added extras (boudin etc.) that make it a "New Orleans" hamburger spot instead of another chain.  Decent prices for beer.Unless you're in the mood for some lemony tang in your seafood, I wouldn't necessarily advise this establishment. 
Customer service is extremely friendly and the establishment very clean and colorful. 
Personal suggestion: the Onion Rings should be split between two people. They certainly give you a lot. Also the steak fries appear to have this unique light sauce on them that actually makes them quite delectable.Lots of seating, amazing chargrilled oysters and crawfish queso. Worth stopping in and dining with the locals.Went there for a QUICK lunch with husband while he was on lunch break so we grabbed a seat at the bar and ordered relatively quickly. Food was taking quite a bit so the bartender asked the manager to check on it. Right before he brought it out I noticed on our receipt that one of the sandwiches was not what we ordered but I figured maybe there wasn't a button for the one we did. Very disappointed when it was brought out wrong, so we sent that one back and just opted to split the other sandwich since we were in a hurry. We never received silverware or any condiments, I had to ask for it all. We also didn't receive the onion rings we requested instead of fries. Needless to say, the manager ended up comping the meal since basically everything had gone wrong. Positives...the bartender was very nice and the oyster sandwich we split was prettttty good.Pretty good place for quick eats. Was close to the hotel so was convenient. The shrimpzilla sandwich was very good. A bit to much roll but good stuff. Sweat tea great, catfish also pretty good.As written by another, last resort is how I would describe this place. First let me say that the staff was very nice and there are no issues in that department. Ordering is a little different and slightly cafeteria or buffet style which brings me to the food and prices. The prices of the menu items are more along the lines of a typical good quality New Orleans restaurant but the food appears to be prepackaged and frozen food and the produce was of Walmart quality on a bad stock selection day. The alligator poppers were ok but dry and tiny at about a dollar apiece or more. I could have made a better salad at home with whatever and way less skimpy . At 12 bucks it was extremely disappointing.  My recommendation is stay very far away unless it's Mardi Gras and this is the closest place to you. Only then would I consider settling for this strictly as a matter of convenience.my wife has always been a fan of this company. we would go to the clearview location and never really had any issues. i rarely ever got the urge to go there since i never really seen anything special about it. i mentioned that i wouldnt mind going there for dinner since it has been a while, so on line she came across this new location on st. charles. as we like to try new things and places, off we went. upon arrival, i was very very impressed by the place. its really really nice inside and very clean. i love the interior design, including the 40' wide map located on the eastern wall. theres a complimentary ice cream station with flavors and rootbeer to be added if you like. looking at the menu, i was also impressed as the menu is nothing like i remember from the other location. theres is alot more to choose from and everything looked so good. theres alot of beers to choose from including nola blonde and nola brown, some very good choices in my opinion. i had a buffalo shrimp poboy and my wife had an oyster poboy that had some extras added to it like shredded cabbage, bacon, and some other sauces....both of our dishes were really good and the service was nothing to complain about. connected to this location is a coffee and bengiets shop that also is really clean and catered nicely. this was a very good experience and this place is now added to out list of places that we will be going to again and again. the prices were not bad at all by the way.Standard new Orleans fare. Best secrets on the menu are the Southern thing Po boy. The girl at the register didn't even know it was on the menu. Real fresh French bread with a fabulous blackened grilled ship, crispy fried green tomatoes, and amazing crunchy and fresh coleslaw made with Cajun mustard sauce. Second and truly BEST dish there the blackened fish sandwich. Amazing juicy fish on whole grain bread with lettuce, tomato, and avocado.  A real winner, I am going to bring it back to California and ask for it at my local fish jointThis location just recently opened in the end of 2010.  I was pleasantly surprised at how nice it was. We came for lunch during the week.
The ambiance is pretty cool. There are wood floors and brick walls. There is a huge map of the city on one wall and a bunch of funky artwork and tvs located on the rest of the walls. They have a produce and condiment bar so you can prepare your burger yourself just how you like it. I got their thin fried catfish and it was excellent.
They have a coffee and beignet shop  connected to them next door. I didn't go there, but it looked nice.The hamburger is just average but the shrimp po boy is amazing! It was as big as my forearm and had shrimp was spilling out of the already stuffed roll.Bomb ass poboys. The shrimpzilla was the shit and sloppy roast beef was the bomb. Don't even get me started on the fries! The sauce on the fries made them the best fries ever. The service is awesome and completely honest if you ask them about a certain dish you are ordering.
Came back again still amazingOne-handed bbq shrimp po-boy and a good selection of draft beers. For the one-handed po-boy they drill out the insides of the bread and fill it with bbq shrimp. BBQ shrimp is normally a wonderful goopy mess and you soak up hte sauce with bread. These guys nailed this in less messy sandwich form. Try this with a hoppy beer and enjoy the flavor.Terrible food and horribly managed: they hire anyone and it really shows in food quality and clientele.Before you go you should understand that this is a fast food place. The food is not fresh seafood and the gumbo is probably canned. If you're looking for an expensive fast food experience with commercial grade food, then stop in. If you want an authentic seafood experience look elsewhere.Great lunch... Price and service just right and in a nice.area. I recommend the rajun cajun burger and asian cajun salad.This place is mediocre at best. The price is not too bad but not worth the amount of food you get. Me and a friend ate here today and she order a shrimp po'boy sandwich without the pickles and tomatoes.....she got a dry sandwich with 8-10 pieces of what seemed like small popcorn shrimp, on it and some dry shredded lettuce and a few garlic fries. Wow!! The bread was tough. She just ate the shrimp and a few fries. That was like $15.....Absolutely ridiculous. And I got a shrimp platter. It was basically the same as hers except I got more shrimp and a little side of coleslaw. Popcorn type shrimp. Not hearty shrimp. And if you're a germ freak like me, you will surely want to avoid this place or at least bring your own silverware. The servers or waiters or hostess or whatever they are, don't use gloves and touch allllll on the silverware after touching the chairs that ppl sit in, drinking, touching her hair and face, etc. Just nasty health practices. I will not go here again.When i am uptown and want a good burger and herb steak fries i like to go here. My opinion has mixed feelings from awesome to bad each time i go. My wife told me the lady's restroom smelled like late night Bourbon st, she even went out to double check she was in the lady's room. The food was good, a little over priced for what you get. I got a burger and she got the Blackened Fish for lunch, that cost $30. When you pay up front there is no spot for a tip, even though you get your own drinks and fixins. They should get something for bringing me my food and taking my empty plate away.  Place feels very open, then the tight seating makes you feel like your on top of the person next to you. We did get our food within 8 min from ordering so it was pretty fast. There is parking in the back so it makes it easy to get in and out. Overall my experience was good, i would go back if i am in the area, but not go out of my way.Delicious burgers!!! The garlic fry's are delicious!! You order and pay first at the counter and they bring the food to your table. Very fast and good service. They also have free soft serve ice cream for dessert!Definitely a great place to check out. It was a large group of us (13) each meal was cooked to order and brought out individually. There wasn't a long wait at all. We had more than enough food and received awesome service. The establishment was nice and clean and very welcoming.The food was good and the waitress was pleasant, though they cooked my Burger to be medium rare and my husband's to be rare when it should have been the other way around. Husband did not like his drink so they remade him a new no charge one at no charge which was a nice surprise. The garlic fries are incredible.  Fun place to sit in front of the window and watch the streetcar and people go by.It's a big place on St. Charles.
Sat at the bar and had a beer.
Started with the fried green tomatoes,  which have red peppers on it and lettuce under it. Tastes good, with the remoulade sauce. 
I ordered the fried shrimp platter, and was surprised how small they were. The hush puppies were ok. The onion rings were ok.This place is close to where we stay in NOLA, near St. Charles and Napoleon. We go to the back of building regularly for beignets but tonight had dinner in the wait-on side. Handled our large group well. Good gumbo. Great onion rings. Taste of NOLA PLATTER WAS WELL RECEIVED BY ALL.
will be back.OK restaurant and food. I tried the Oyster Poboy, and I thought that it was slightly on the dry side, but the oysters were cooked just right. Worth trying though. The place is pretty big and had two floors of inside dining and many seating options on the second floor patio. The service was very nice.My first time here an the bartender Steven was great, so informative...  Helped us put together a great meal an drinks can't wait to get back.Food was great, I had the friend green tomatoes with shrimp. the Spicy Bloody Mary was good, but the Old Fashioned I had was not good, the bartender shook it, you don't shake an Old Fashioned. And it was WAY too strong but I don't think she was one of the regular bartenders, more like maybe a waitress who stepped in while the lady who made my Bloody Mary was away from the bar. Overall I recommend this place.New Orleans hamburger and seafood is well  knoown throughout the city. I visit regularly because the bar tends to be fairly quiet and I'm able to clear my head before work. The food isn't bad. Some of the items I really enjoy and others I could do without. The bartenders are so sweet.One of the beast seafood platters on this side of the river.   It's such a massive amount of food and everything was cooked to perfection and lightly battered. The thin catfish is a win. The crawfish queso was to die for as well!!! Let's get back to that platter though.. those seasoned wedges have a garlic butter sauces on them that's so robust and flavor packed. It went perfect on the wedges and moistened up crispy fries nicely. The crab cakes are okay. Not my favorite but that's bc I prefer fresh lump crab meat and any style but fried. I personally feel it takes the flavor away and authenticity of a natural meat being used. The platter is by far one of the ones to come back just to eatCustomer service is very prompt, patient, knowledgeable, and friendly.  However, the food I tried was not up to par of what I expect of a restaurant named/labeled "New Orleans" Hamburger & Seafood Co. I tried the crawfish queso & tortilla chips, charbroiled oysters, big easy rice, and bread pudding.  
The crawfish queso had four pieces of crawfish.  It taste like cheap gritty cheese and very salty.  The charbroiled oysters were tiny and mushy, the big easy rice was sticky and bland.  The bread pudding was plain; the caramel and ice cream made it more pleasing.  Definitely will not be a restaurant I recommend.This is my FAVORITE spot for beignets.  They are much thinner, fresher, and crispier than Cafe du monde.  They offer both regular and chocolate flavor in full size and minis.  Customer service is fantastic and we're always greeted with a smile.  
Next door is the restaurant and bar which is also very nice.  Big open space, great food (the best charbroiled oysters in town), and soft serve ice cream.HUUUUGE poboys!!!
If you was an easy stuffing meal, come here. We were sitting at a high table across from the bar, and had less than par service. The waitress was kind, but did not seem to have time for us despite the restaurant being almost empty.
The food was okay, I ended up getting a popcorn shrimp poboy which was pretty good but just an enormous amount of food. Welcome to New Orleans! It was tasty, but I know there are better.
The fries though, these were pretty good. Although they were soggy, they were thick cut and coated with some garlic herb sauce. I love fries, and these were different and satisfied my hunger after a long flight. Convenient location, just not the best.Charbroiled oysters are amazing if you enjoy parmesean cheese!!! Must try!! Haven't had bit one other thing; Boudin Balls. Taste as well but nit a must have like the charbroiled oysters!They were out of oysters and bacon when we arrived so they started out on the wrong foot.  The food they did have was good.
The fish sandwiches were delicious and the garlic fries are to-die-for.  Their po'boys are served in "drilled out rolls" and were jammed with shrimp; good.  The shrimp tacos were just okay.  Onion rings are more like tempura -- nice change.  Bloody Mary cocktails were slow to arrive but made to order.
Hostess was unprepared for our large order and service was slow.I eat here off and on. Just had the Strawberry Fields Salad. Chicken was very tough. Perhaps not the freshest. Normally food is good.This place is pretty good. I have been to a few of their locations. They have a huge dining room and service tends to be quick. The poboys are pretty big but not the hugest I've had in town. The BBQ shrimp poboy is stuffed inside of the bread, uniquely. The fries are really good here, they are steak fries topped with a garlic butter sauce. Some dishes, like the fish tacos, are super small. Others, like the fried seafood platters are huge, especially if you pick the onion fries. I like the giant goblets of beer they serve for $5. Nothing here will blow you away but it is a sure crowd pleaser for picky eaters.For some reason I was always under the impression that this place was just a cut rate po-boy shop with a drive through - that is, until I ventured into the store on St. Charles with a large-ish group of friends for lunch. In order to truly capture the greatness of my experience, I will list the experiential highlights in chronological order:
- there is no table service but, like a fast food drive through, you place your order at the counter.  being that I was with a big group, this was a particularly fantastic feature. even cooler is that they give you a number thingy and bring your food out when it's ready so you don't have to stand around with your thumb up your ass feeling in like you're everybody's way and you don't have to listen for your name/number in retched, awkward panic.
- they have a full bar with all sorts of local beer and cocktail selections.  although I did not partake, on any given day but this, I would have been instantly relieved. :)
- the menu is incredibly versatile! Delicious salads, pasta dishes, seafood platters, burgers, whatevs.  again, this is perfect for a large group or families.
- the fountain drink selection is also pretty badass.  I can't remember whatall they had, but the feeling I got harkened back to the seemingly unlimited possibility as a child standing before a make it yourself slush puppy machine at 7-11.
- legit food. I had the shrimp remoulade salad and it was PERFECT.
- legit prices.  Aforementioned perfect salad was well under ten bucks, as were most menu items if I remember correctly.
- FREE SOFT SERVE ICE CREAM. 
That is all.Best onion rings we have ever had.  Veggies perfectly cooked.  Excellent "thick" catfish!  But our waitress Haylee did not know who John Wayne was!Octavia Turkey Burger is my favorite, ask for an extra mango chutney to give an extra mango kicks in your mouth! And oh don't forget to get the crawfish dip, it's so delicious!Fantastic!!! Love the food. Who wouldn't. We brought our youngest daughter here so she could experience her first oyster. The head chef is awesome. I wish I'd caught her name. But she's got blonde hair and the biggest smile. She and her staff and awesome. Our daughter didn't like the oysters, however, she had fun and we ate a wonderful dinner and have gone back since. Will be back soon!!!We had eaten here about once a month for years.
But, hadn't been in over a year.
Went tonight.
Burgers were too tall to bite into.
They poured melted garlic butter all over the French fries.
Everything was terrible GREASY.  Had to finish burger with knife & fork.
The folks at the next table over were complaining loudly.
This was not good.
You have been warned.
RickEvery time we come here the food is always on point! Whatever we order it's always a nice portion and it fills you up! But what really impresses us is the service! Usually we come after their dinner rush- which if you've ever been a server or host you understand how hard it can be to push through the rest of the shift. But none the less we always get great service. Tonight we came and they only had ONE server, Hallie (not sure if that's spelled right) she's dark and has got a bleached buzz cut. Being the only server with quite a few tables she was sweet, and very attentive! Had our food out in 10 minutes! We've had her as our server before and she's always on her A-game. So Hallie WE SEE YOU GIRL! Keep being you! Whoever the manager is for this location needs to give ya girl a promotion! Merry Christmas!Went to the restaurant right before closing and they did not treat us as if they were rushing to close. The food was amazing. I had the shrimp tacos and garlic fries. Best fries ever. Staff was very friendly as well.They do a good job... nothing spectacular, but quite good. They have tasty burgers and gumbo. The fries are great. (The beignet shop is great, but I'll cover that separately). We're so glad to have this in place of Cannon's (the local restaurant that tried as hard as it could do be a chain).We had this for dinner our last night in New Orleans.   I had the thin catfish and shrimp platter and it was pretty good for chain restaurant food.   A few people we met there that are locals recommended to try the Boudin balls, so we got those as an appetizer at the end of our meal and they were really good.  I dare not ask what is in them though.Fried shrimp poboy plain
Nothing to rave about here. Fried shrimp Po Boy was very plain. No sauce at all on it. Literally just on some bread. I had to put hot sauce on it to give it any sort of flavor, but my boyfriend can't do spice so he wasn't impressed either. Thankfully we split it so we weren't totally in the whole. Gumbo also okay-ish still not a lot of flavor. Disappointed we went here for the short time frame we are in NOLA. our server, Sunny, was nice thoughSo good! Great take on all the traditional foods, but upped a notch or two! We really enjoyed our food: salad, BBQ wings, po' boy, cheeseburger, fried green tomatoes, and gator bites. All of it was good. Friendly, helpful employees. Plenty of room. Free soft-serve. Nice decor.You can't go wrong with their red beans and rice. Extremely filling! Try to save room for their complimentary self served ice cream!Don't get takeout. I've gone here multiple times in person and they have good burgers and fried seafood. I just payed $17 for a jumbo shrimp platter and this is what I got. This is ridiculous.Don't get takeout. I've gone here multiple times in person and they have good burgers and fried seafood. I just payed $17 for a jumbo shrimp platter and this is what I got. This is ridiculous. 
UPDATE:
Management called to apologize and sent a gift card. That was a nice touch.Boy, service is lousy tonight. No one at the register, no one at the bar. Bartender doesn't know how to make a Manhattan on the rocks. Hello, manager?This spot is amazing!!! A great place for groups!!! The catfish is awesome! The garlic sauce on the fries is delicious!!! Definitely a spot for anyone visiting NOLA to visit.  The venue is lovely too. Staff is friendly and service is perfect!!! I will be back!!Stopped here for a quick lunch and was amazed with the amount of food a the price. Just as good as any upscale place around here for wayyy cheaper. Chargrilled oysters were the best I've had in New Orleans so far and so meaty and tastey. Garlic fries are to die for and the BBQ shrimp poboy and the catsfish were both very good and nicely portioned.This is one of our favorite spots when I'm New Orleans. Great burgers and po'boys.. the fried green tomatoes are delicious.. Best mozzarella sticks around (eat them quick tho) the roast beef and shrimp po'boys are fantastic.. always a great try when your in the Crescent CityWent here for lunch with my coworkers. We had a great time. Our server was Michelle she is so awesome.You can't go wrong with the thin fried catfish! I also really enjoy the Mardi Gras slaw and garlic fries as sides. The hush puppies are just okay though. They usually come out tasting a little old to me.  I have really enjoyed the alligator sausage! Fun environment. Not always timely service, but still a good time.Both the food consistency and servers could use a serious overhaul.
I've been in a handful of times over the past few months since moving back to Nola, and it's been disappointing. First time, the coleslaw was so good that I almost ordered a side to go. Since then, it's been on the blander side of the spectrum. About the same for the fries, except they were swimming in sauce to the point where it was overbearing, and this most recent time had the thicker ones undercooked and all of them under-seasoned.
The FOH servers have all seemed spread too thin (even when the dining room's mostly empty), to the point where you need to ask for assistance with something multiple times before getting results, or just opt to go to the cashier with your request.
The last handful of times I've dined in have left me with a pretty bad taste in my mouth, so I'll probably eat elsewhere for a while. If you do plan to go, definitely use cash to tip at the table rather than using your card at the register, since you'll never know how the service will be until after it's all said and done.One of the worst restaurants I've ever been to. They refused to accommodate my gluten allergy by saying they could not give me a burger without a bun.  When I clarified I had an allergy they simply did not care, so I sat and watched my friends eat incredibly mediocre fried food. All of them said that the food was not worth the wait.Had a delicious lunch here recently. It's a big place, with plenty of room for social distancing, and everything seems very clean. It's also conveniently located mere feet from a streetcar stop. Bring a sweater though; it can get chilly inside. 
I tried the fried shrimp platter. The spicy breaded shrimp comes with hush puppies, coleslaw, tartar and cocktail sauce, buttered toast, and a lush pile of thick steak fries with melted garlic butter drizzle. An epic plate of food. The hush puppies may well have been my favorite part--sweet, crisp, and perfect. The price to portion ratio here is spot on; there was enough to take home and it made a nice dinner. 
The server/bartender, Lety, was a total badass, taking care of several tables without a moment's pause. She advised me on choosing a menu item and the food came out quick. 
TLDR: Great comfort food and service. Would  happily return to try the catfish platter.After trying spots in the French Quarter all weekend and being disappointed we boarded the St Charles streetcar and found NewOrleans Hamburger and Seafood on the route. My wife and I were glad we stopped. The employeee are friendly, service was great, and the food was excellent. It was just what we needed.Excellent burger, great service, and I absolutely adored the beignets- best in town in my opinion. Hubs had the fried catfish that he thought was excellent. I really appreciate that this place has a dedicated parking lot also. Highly recommend!Normally I like this place, but the service tonight was and is still terrible. After standing in line to place our order for 20 minutes then we were told we would have to wait another 20 minutes to place our order. And when the cashier was asked if they would hold our place in line, they said no. The food here is not that good for this kind of terrible service. If I could give it no stars I would!Great atmosphere and huge portions! The service was awesome and the food was delicious. I loved the openness of it and the natural light streaming in. We were able to get a table by the huge window and it was nice to watch the trolley cars go by and to people watch.We came here on the recommendation of my boyfriend's cousin. We were not disappointed. The location is great and they have a window along the St. Charles street side wall to easily see the streetcars. It was very picturesque. 
You have to order and pay first then sit down where ever you pick. This felt weird as I didn't have cash so I had to pay tip before my service. You are given a cup and can refill your cup as needed. Seems like the waitress only brought over food and dessert.
We started with the crawfish queso ans chips and i has a cup of gumbo. Both were excellent. I would def order both again. For our main we had shrimp po'boys and my 7yo had chicken tenders. We had the onion rings and fries. No complaints. For dessert we tried the bread pudding. It was excellent with the caramel and scoop of ice cream. They also have a one per customer soft serve vanilla ice cream cone you can eat there or take to go.
All of the food was great and we would come back again. I Def recommend this place, hands down!Loved this place. Nothing better then going to eat and leaving completely satisfied. Great food, very clean, good location and friendly staff,  cant wait to go back again!!!!Omg the best Po Boy I've had during my stay here! Unfortunately I didn't have the opportunity to to go to Gene's but the shrimpzilla here was off the chain! It's fried shrimp with Swiss cheese, cabbage, roast beef gravy and tomatoes on French bread.I was lowkey disappointed with the catfish and shrimp platter we received. The garlic fries were delicious but the catfish lacked more flavor.This was our first restaurant that we stopped at while visiting New Orleans. It seemed like a bustling place in the French quarter and we stopped in based off the menu posted outside. The staff seemed to have an attitude that they could care less if we came or not. 
We ordered the chicken & sausage jambalaya and a catfish po boy. I would have liked to try the fried oyster po boy but the market price was too high for how hungry I was. The jambalaya was amazing. The catfish was just so so. I wish I would have ordered something else. Guests sitting next to us said that the burgers were amazing. 
Overall, I wouldn't come back. I have a feeling there are a lot more places with more soul and better food in this area of the city. For the higher price, it wasn't really worth it.Just stopped in for a beer. We didn't try any food so that's the only reason why I gave it a 4. This is just an average bar/restaurant.Stopped in on the walk home from House of Blues. Great table available on the balcony to enjoy one of the first cool evenings this month. We had the thin fried catfish tower and the daily special buffalo shrimp poboy. Both were fantastic. The catfish is fried to perfection. Will definitely be back.I LOVE this place! I've been on 4 NOLA trips and I eaten here 3 of those times! I'm pretty sure I get the ragin Cajun chicken sandwich every time. I love the outside seating too.Of course this is a tourist trap right in the French Quarter. 
They have really nice AC and fun seating for people watching along the main shoppimg sidewalk in the area.  Get a window seat!
I ordered the cheese burger and fries. I needed a good basic meal. 
 The burger was very cheesy!  You could see the cheese stringing when you took a bite! It was awesome!
The fries were smothered in a garlic butter and had some for dipping.  It would have been excellent on food had the portion been a little better. I left pretty hungry still.  
Now for the bad... The service was horrible.  The server was slow, lethargic, inattentive, and generally seemed annoyed. Wish we had sat upstairs.
It would have been an easy 4 or 5 had service been existent. Unfortunately, we will probably not risk it on the next trip.This location is not worth the money.  Does not honor the same pricing as the other local New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood, and the prices are way to pricey for their small portioned food and vague menu.  Taking advantage of the tourist seems to be their specialty.  Spend a lot less money and a short ride outside the french quarter, and you will find not only a nicer franchise, but better pricing, and better service.  Other than this location, the rest of the same restaurants in the area are much better.  If you are looking for a decent meal at a decent price, and want to stay in the french quarter, go one block over to St. Louis St. and go to Johnny's Po-boys.  You will wait in line, but well worth it !!!My personal experience would rate a '0' star. However, we will look past that and average the rating over the total of our group as a 2-star.  If I had known this establishment was part of a larger 'semi-chain', then I would not have stopped here to eat.
We chose to dine here for a late lunch; as we did during our visit to NO's French Quarter, to avoid the tourist lunch crowds.  We were seated promptly upstairs, and quickly forgotten.  Service was sparse. We had to press the waitresses for each step of service: tableware, water, appetizers, ordering, refills...  To add insult to this poor level of service, they added the mandatory 18% gratuity for a group larger than six persons.
In general, the presentation of the food was okay and the portions were normal (with the exception of my order).  The flavors were not bold and lacked freshness. My son and I both ordered a poboy sandwich. Both came served in a 10-inch section of yesterdays french bread. His was a sliced through and filled generously. Mine was an end piece sliced half-way and filled only half way. The line cook didn't even give me a full sandwich. It took us over ten minutes to get a waitress to address the error. She said she would tell the manager, and it took another ten minutes for him to come to the table. He did provide a full sandwich (which we took to-go), but it took another fifteen minutes to receive that box.  The manager offered to provide drinks, but we only asked for more water while we waited.  It took the waitress another five minutes to bring a pitcher of water.  AND THEN... because it was raining, their credit card machine would not connect to the phone line and they kept telling me that it was 'declined' instead of admitting that the phone line would not connect.
Did I mention about the mandatory 18% gratuity?
Pass on this place like a day-old fish.We mostly picked this place because it had balcony seating with a view of the ferry and waterfront area, perfect for people watching, but ended up having a really great lunch. I had a shrimp po'boy with some kind of slaw on it, very tasty and fresh. The star was their garlic potato wedges, though - I was afraid they'd be soggy when they came out, as fat as the pieces were, but they were crispy on the outside yet fluffy on the inside, just perfect. I had a frozen cocktail that was very tasty, strong but refreshing. My dining partner enjoyed her meal just as well. Would definitely go back again.My party and I came ten minutes before closing and the employee were not happy to see us. half the party insisted that we ate there because they were hungry me and my road dog said let's go someplace else. whereas our money spends anywhere but we lost out and we ate there. let me tell you the red beans rice and sausage are off the chain the hamburger was nothing to write home about I could have fixed that in my grill at home but oh my God it's worth dealing with the poor customer service just to get that red beans and rice...Very tasty food but what is the point of ordering an appetizer only to have it be brought out by the left hand and their right hand holding your entree? 
The waitress never checked on us, she was MIA the whole time. It's that situation where you hurry up and ask for the check because you don't know when she'll be back!
The boudin balls were like a battered and fried looking hush puppy. We thought they were good. The thin fried catfish was super good and the garlic fries were sinfully delicious! We sat on the balcony only to be serenaded by loud motorcycles burning off and loud screeching ambulances and cars. If you come here, I suggest sitting inside.It was poring rain so our group of twelve friends took shelter in the Decatur Street restaurant New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood. It was lucky for us that it happened to be Happy Hour (3 - 6) and oysters were $8 a dozen. We ordered three dozen and they were fresh and mighty tasty. We washed them down with beers and a "44" which is their version of a Hurricane.  We checked Yelp to see what others had suggested and the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding kept coming up. We asked the bartender, Steven, if it was good and he couldn't stop raving about it. We ordered one to share and it was by far the best dessert we had in town. 
We were so impressed with the quality of food that we went back the next day for Happy Hour at 5 and stayed until they were closing. We had a table out on the balcony which turned out to be a fantastic place to people watch. We ordered the thin fried catfish and Bayou Pasta among other things. Both were something I'll wish I could get when we get back home. Alas, they had run out of bread pudding.  Have to give a shout out to our exceptional waiter, Ron. A really nice man who enlightened us on a few things about New Orleans, drinks and the menu. We were there such a long time, the manager Tino, came up a couple of times to make sure we were having a good time and enjoying our meal and drinks. He impressed us with his sincerity and genuinely wanted our time there to be enjoyable.Sometime simple is the best. After a long day this is a nice spot to grab a simple no nonsense meal. Great burgers with tons of options. Try the "44" it's a bit of a gimmick drink but it has 4 ounces of dark and light rum and 4 juices make it sweet to start but not a bad cool down option.I hate to be negative here, but I wanted to love this place and couldn't do it. We came here late on a Tuesday night. Mid week you would expect they would not be busy, but they were. Chalk it up to the summer tourist crowd. I was one of those tourists. 
My husband just had to have gumbo. (Which he liked btw) Since we were late getting into town, we figured that this place would not rush us. They didn't. The waitress was great. She had to ask us to move to accommodate a group and checked in with us regularly to make sure the food was good. 
I got a shrimp poor boy. I think my expectations were too high. The bread was lofty and super crusty, but not like toasted. I did not want to smash it down because it was making a huge mess just with the minimal handling I was doing checking it out.  I ended up eating everything but the bread. I think the bread is supposed to enhance the poor boy, but this bread fell flat for me. 
We also had boudin balls which I highly recommend. I can't tell you if they were that good or I was just that hungry though. I've never eaten them before so I have nothing to compare them against. 
I was also surprised that they were out of Abita on draft. It was the middle of the week and Abita is a Louisiana beer. So, what the heck? I had a NOLA something or another and it was okay. Nothing memorable here. 
My only memorable thing to say is that I won't be back. I'll arrive at a decent time in town to have dinner at the place of my choosing next time. That's my resolve after dining here.The food was incredible and the service outstanding!  I would recommend this place to anyone!  Reasonable prices as well!I Had some alligator poppers and an all American Burger. The alligator was really, good, it does not taste like chicken, it is better!. And the hamburger could easily be the best burger I've ever had. I dunno about the rest of the menu, but if it is half as good as the two things I had is worth a visit.Food was good. We walked right in, no wait. I wouldn't go here again. Not in this city. Nothing special. My friends were too drunk to walk where I want per to eat at.We had a party of five which included two kids.  Our food was prepared quickly and best of all, it was delicious.  The restaurant was small but we wanted a yummy taste of New Orleans food.  That is just what we got.I came in here with four other women for dinner. 
I ordered a burger, medium rare. It was cooked perfectly. My burger came with grilled onions, bacon and cheese. I opted for no cheese but the onions and bacon were delicious and not too overpowering for the hamburger meat. 
What I really loved about this place was the French fries. I'm not normally a fan of wedge cut, because I'm all about that crispy surface area, but these were GOOD. They were fresh, hot and garlicky. They had a great balance in definitely having a garlic flavor, but not so much that it's overpowering and bitter. 
The woman next to me ordered the strawberry salad and it was incredible. The strawberry sliced were large and generous. The pine nut dressing was creative and complimented the salad well. 
We ordered bread pudding for the table. It was definitely some of the best we've had on our trip (6 others so far!) and even came with vanilla ice cream. 
Our waiter was very kind. He seemed a little new or rusty, but he worked hard to make everything perfect for us.I had a vicious craving for some oysters, and didn't want to break the bank - this place fit the bill. From 3-6 They have half price raw oysters, 7 bucks for 14 of em! maybe the best deal in the quarter. However... it took me about 45 minutes to get them, and the place was nearly empty. Plenty of staff just roaming around, not helping to poor bartender shuck oysters. She was working on two plates of oysters - but that's still a minute and a half per oyster! I came back later and got a burger in about ten minutes which helped us make a show, so it's not all bad.First time here ... service  was fast and the food was ok... Tour guide recommend this place neat little place mostly  seafoodEverything was great! Hamburgers are awesome!! Catfish was great. The fries are excellent. Alligator was tasty. Also, service was good. I'm glad we came hereAl was behind the bar and was so personable, wonderful, and funny, he made my visit there. Great Bloody Mary and grilled chicken salad. I came in because I was way past hungry and just needed to eat something quick, and ended up staying and chatting way too long XD lovely place with great peopleI was recommended to come here because the food was delicious and it was. I ordered a catfish lafitte and it was delicious. I practically scraped the plate. The crawfish queso was also delicious. It should definitely be on everyone's list when coming to the French Quarter.Great service from out waitress,,,,good beer prices,,,boudin balls were awesome !! The one handed bbq shrimp po boy was a dissapointment. Raw shrimp,,,not fried,,,unusual taste,,,only had 2 bites for $15 :( the home style fries that came with it were good though.Chicken fingers basket because they ran out of grilled chicken! I could have passed. Chicken strips were cold, but the garlic fries more than made up for it! The best fries EVER! Big Zac drink was loaded with alcohol and worth the 10 dollar price for a plastic cup. Small bar at the front, wooden stools, chairs, and tables. It's kinda small but the location is in the heart of the Quarter. Great for people watching!The food was so good! I ordered a little of everything. So for starters we had the boudin balls and half a dozen oysters which were so delicious I had to go back the next day. For entrees my husband had the thing cut catfish po boy and I have to cat fish and jumbo shrimp meal both came with the garlic fries and everything was very tasty. For dessert we shared a bread pudding and left nothing in the bowl. We try to stop by every time we're in the city and after the meal we had this time it's a tradition that will continue.We always eat here when we visit New Orleans.  The Triple Sampler is delicious.  So is the Fried Oyster Salad.  I don't think you can go wrong with anything you get here.  And don't forget the "44".Stopped in here for a beer and apps, and this place didn't disappoint. Cold beer, friendly bartender, INCREDIBLE crawfish queso (order it!), and nice atmosphere that had great air conditioning on a hot, hot day! Great experience!Great spot for a touristy meal with a view! We are here and The Royal by far this restaurant was the better of the two. The burgers are juicy and there is huge variety of options. The grilled shrimp Caesar was tangy and tasty just like it should while the shrimp was juicy sweet. Solid drinks and friendly service. We were pleasantly surprised by this lunch.My husband and I went on a day trip to NOLA for our anniversary and stopped here for lunch. I had their "Famous thin fried catfish" and my husband had a BBQ bacon burger. We were both very pleased with our food and the service! If I had one negative, it would be the smell in the single restroom... but it is downtown New Orleans. I would definitely recommend the restaurant and eat there again!The fact that this place is called New Orleans seafood is a joke. The thin fried catfish isn't really catfish as so much a thin layer of bland fried skin. The fries were alright, but considering there's a lot of other better seafood places in New Orleans (especially for the price) there's really no reason to come here.Top Story: Check out my review.
Great new location for NOHSC. The balcony is a wonderful place to enjoy 2-2-2 oysters and all that jazz.
It's no secret that I am a fan of the chain. I would suggest an oyster poboy and fries on ANY day of the week. Overlooking the beautiful downtown area while enjoying food is the way to live. Call me crazy, I am so in LOVE with the food here.Yummy 44Rum drink! Stopped in while waiting for our dinner riverboat cruise to begin! Friendly atmosphere and good service, with blues in the background... try it y'all !Went on two sep occassions to get the Natchez' exceptional Captain Villier some dinner for his long hours on the boat.  
1.  The PEOPLE ROCK!  Bartender Steven, thanks so much for your help!
2.  The 44 will set you straight.
3.  So will the Pineapple Rum cocktail.
4.  Even on a hot day there's still a nice breeze coming into this corner dive.  The vibe is fantastic!
5.  The Mushroom Swiss (add bacon) and steak fries are apparently the cage's rage!  No complaints from the Cap'n.  =)
Enjoy!When my wife wants a hamburger, in the French Quarter, this is where we go. Definitely some decent food and a decent price. I usually get a shrimp poppy and am not disappointed. The garlic fries are also very good.Came here as my first stop in New Orleans with some friends. Just off the plane and checked in our hotel we were hungry. While the spot was fairly empty from middle of the day we figured how bad could it be. I can only speak to one dish, cuz we all ordered the same thing, the shrimp Zilla Po Boy. The po-boy itself was pretty good with a fairly good amount of fried shrimp and it was nice and saucy. It also came with a garlic butter a french fry which was in which style and terrific. Drinks were decent prices were decent as well although the po boy was about $16 and still a little on the expensive side for my taste. Would eat again.Ate at the French Quarter location off Decatur.  Service was good.  Food was nothing to complain about. We had boudin balls, a cup of gumbo, the All American burger, and the Roadhouse burger. Burgers weren't handmade or ground in-house but were accurately cooked to temp which, in my experience, is somewhat uncommon. Boudin was a little mushy on the inside; expected a some firmness from the sausage. Gumbo was OK (the rice was appropriately firm) but nothing to brag about and included small, once-frozen shrimp.  Wedge fries topped with a parmesan and herb butter were excellent.  Wouldn't recommend but wouldn't hesitate to return.The oysters were fresh and among the best I've ever had. The thin fried catfish was delicious, and the garlic herb fries were tasty too. I really enjoyed the food here even though it did seem a bit touristy.Great food! We had the crawfish queso, gumbo, and boudin balls. All were really good, gumbo rice was a little crunchy, but otherwise fine. Service was fast and friendly. Recommend sitting up on the balcony!My first food visit here was disappointing. I gave this place a 2nd chance on their food and I'm glad I did. It went really well. This 4 Star review rating is specifically about the taste and quality of the food, not the price or the drinks. Don't get me started on the price until I've had a few drinks.
THIN FRIED CATFISH PLATTER
Served with Garlic Herb Fries and Mardi Gras Slaw 13.99
Thin Fried Catfish: just great, great, great, with a hint of lemon.
Mardi Gras Slaw: very tasty, but small. I needed a 2nd order so I got one.
Garlic Herb Fries: They're good. I wouldn't pile it on past that.
I plan on trying the burgers soon.Shrimpzilla  poboy  with extra gravy and garlic fries are a MUST!  OM NOM NOM!!   Great service.  Clean atmosphere.  I am not easy to please at any restaurant.  This was a pleasant surprise.   I'll be back.Wonderful food, strong drinks and great service. Had a large party and Renard took excellent care of us. Great personality and attention to detail. Nothing like as wrong in a group of 12Service was on par.  The 44 is a potent drink if you're looking for a Hurricane alternative.  On a corner so there's lots of people - watching from the window.  Food was good.  We had the boudin balls, alligator poppers and fried catfish.Showed up with a group of 10 for a late Sunday lunch 1:30. We were promptly seated and the service was great. The grilled oysters were some of the best in NOLA. My Ragin Cajun burger was great. ThanksAfter the tour guide recommended this place for the catfish platter, so we went to check it out since we were all hungry and figure what the hell.  The catfish was good, really good, but the cup of gumbo was disgusting, that I puked it up...ruined the whole day.Stopped in for lunch.
Got the 44 drink.  Tasty, little pricey but it has lots of liquor in it.
I got the shrimpzilla poboy, pretty good.  Nice flavor.
Love their fries.  They are potatoe wedges but they are sssoooo good.
Solid place for foodThis place gets two stars based solely on the garlic fries.  They were quite delicious.  They were also the only redeeming part of my experience here.  The service was just awful.  We had to beg our waitress for napkins and silverware and never got refills on any of our drinks.  Plus the beer was flat.  Maybe we just went on a bad night but we absolutely won't be going back.Not a completely fair review as we only ordered apps, but the crawfish queso, gator poppers, fried shrimp, and boudin were all very good. Place was clean and service was good!The food and service was Great. Server brought a sample of the soup which was delicious. Great place for people watching lunch and dinner.Great little joint off Decatur St in the French Quarter.  I wanted a shrimp Po Boy and ended up going for something different - a bbq shrimp po boy!  It was soooo good.  And as a bonus it is also stuffed with beef drippings.  Which sounds like a heart attack in a sandwich, but I don't care.  I'll just do some extra steps on the ol' Fit Bit.  After a long morning walking down the river and shopping, it was the perfect stop to refuel before heading back to the hotel for a quick nap and a night on Bourbon Street.  I love Decatur street because it's a little more artsy, shops, and less "crazy" than Bourbon Street.Food was so good.  The thin catfish was very very good.  Loved the shrimp and oysters.  My favorite was the crawfish queso though.  The pasta was just ok.  I wanted to try the chargrilled oysters but went to the French quarter location and that wasn't available.  There was a wait just to order but we sat at the bar and had drinks.  I'd definitely return.Fried catfish was excellent; very good coleslaw too! Fast, friendly lunchtime service. I'll be back.I came to NOLA sometime mid-March as a last minute 'detour' to my trip, and I had so many regrets because I simply did not have the money to really enjoy everything this area had to offer. This restaurant was definitely one of them.
My friend took me to this spot on one of the last days before I left Louisiana, and man. She talked about the food here and I only wish we were able to get a full meal than be 'in-and-out' as we were.
Our friend ordered the Catfish Lafitte, which was fried catfish covered with a crawfish mushroom sauce and Jambalaya on the side. We ordered an extra side of Jambalaya since we were splitting the meal. This dish was a bit on the expensive side (16.99), but not uncommon since it's a tourist area, but man, I understood every reason why it was priced the way it was.
That. Had to have been the best fried catfish I've ever had in my life. Even better than what I remember of my dad's. I've always usually turned away from most fried foods because it'd be too heavy with oil and the taste of the actual food would be ruined-- but the texture of the fried batter was perfect, it had a nice little crisp to it, not too soft or soggy, not too crunchy. The crawfish mushroom sauce was the best. If it wasn't so long ago, I'd really go into detail about how good it was. I do remember wishing there was a little bit more sauce on it, though. The Jambalaya was good as well, though I don't have much to say about it since I was so focused on the catfish. Maaaaaaan...
Our waiter was pretty nice and I'm glad he wasn't pushy or anything, like some workers in tourist districts tend to be sometimes. He was very pleasant to speak to.
I'm hoping I'll be back sometime next year, and I'll definitely be prepared to really indulge on the food culture in NOLA, especially with a full 3-4 course meal at this place. I'll be back for more of that catfish... (and trying to figure out the recipe in the meantime)Everything is delicious from the turtle soup to the catfish and oyster and allagator YUMMYHad the roast beef po-boy and my sons had the All American cheeseburger. The roast beef needed more flavor and definitely could use more spices considering this is Cajun Country. My sons order the all-American hamburger and I have to admit they were kind of greasy. Overall just an average experience I'm sure there are probably better restaurants for the money.Really friendly staff and the food was worth the 15 minute wait. Ordered the house signature drink called "the 44 ", 4 different rums. Delicious and deadly.Slooowwwwww service. Really slow. Server forgot silverware until well after food was served. Then she disappeared. 
That said - the sampler we shared was pretty good. The thin slices catfish was really good, hot and tasty. The boudin balls were ok, they weren't hot - seems like they may have been sitting around a bit before being served.
Place is kid friendly if your kid has lots of patience. 
Been done eating for 15 minutes, still waiting for bill.It started well until the guy at the bar (short with short dark hair) took our order while blowing his nose and rubbing the cold sores in his facial hair. Absolutely disgusting. Won't be back until they get rid of him and give the place a scrub.Great choice of food on the menu. My hubby & I both ordered burgers. The patties are huge. Thicker than the average burger. Great taste! Would definitely eat here again!This place was right next to the hotel we were staying in. Since we had gotten to the hotel a little early, we decided to pop in for lunch until our room was ready. We also had crawfish queso and chips for our appetizer. The dip was really good. We ate too much of that and couldn't finish our entrees! For our main course, we both ordered the thin fried catfish. The fish was crispy and not over-breaded. We shared an order of garlic herb fries. They were very good (and I'm not a big fan of garlic). My wife considered getting the fries again later in the week as just a snack.Absolutely must get an oyster poboy and fries from here anytime I'm in the city. Best around!Great catfish! Thin & Crispy! Burgers are delicious as well! Food is reasonably priced and well worth the wait!I got food poisoning from something. I think the gator poppers or something in the gumbo may not have been cooked thoroughly. Blew my expectations for the place. Only thing good about it was their drink, the "44." It saved them a from one star in my opinion.This place is great for a quick bite to eat and the staff were super friendly.  The location was right on Decatur and right across from Jax. My cousin and I just got to Nola and this was a first meal after checking into our hotel. We shared the fried platter which had fried catfish, Fried Alligator poppers, and Boudin Balls.  Wow, the catfish was thinly sliced and breaded to perfection.  My fist Alligator anything and it was a real treat! What can I say it tastes just like chicken! We wanted something fresh after our long flight and got a shrimp salad, but it was not that great because the lettuce was wilted and not in good quality. However, the shrimp was seasoned and grilled to perfection. 
Tip: Dont order salad at some of these joints because, well, I just dont think people order salads here when there are so much other good food to eat. Therefore, the salad itself is not as fresh. 
Overall, the food was good, not extravagant but good for a quick bite to eat. 
LKMy chicken burger was excellent. My friends Jambalaya  not so much. But the service was very friendly and the food was reasonably priced. The upstairs balcony had a great view of Decatur st.This place is good..... Server is nice and very accommodating..... I love their bayou fried shrimp with crawfish pasta...
Triple Sampler is also excellent +++++
The place are clean, set-up is ok..... A little bit pricey.....This was great.  It was our first stop in town while we were waiting for our hotel room to be ready.  The alligator poppers were a fantastic snack, and the red beans and rice were delicious.  The Bloody Mary was also refreshing after a long morning of traveling.Stopped in on our last day in NOLA for lunch. Hubby and I both had the catfish poboy. The catfish was wonderful!!! I loved how thin and crispy it was! The only thing that would have made it better would have been some coleslaw or something on the sandwich to cut through all of the dry ingredients. I did add mayo and hot sauce to mine but coleslaw would have taken this from 4 stars to 5. Shay took care of us and she was probably the best server that we had in the French quarter area. She had personality, and was friendly and smiling the whole time which was a nice change from other places where all of the servers seem to hate their lives. I did have to ask for refills once but that's extremely minor in my opinion. The place was also very clean which was also a nice change from all the dirty, grimy dive bars on bourbon. Overall a good experience!Super food, reasonable prices.  You want jerry as your waiter.  He gave us (party of 6 w kids) some of the best service we have experienced ever.   Everything we ordered was on point, with great flavor and seasoning and without the heat that would cause the kids to run screaming.  The alligator appetizers took alligator to a whole new level for us.  The main entres all had very healthy portions with reasonable prices and all tasted amazing. This is my family's new go to stop for every single time we go to New Orleans now.My cousin said that her and her husband had been trying to eat here for years, but it is always packed. We showed up right when they opened. Our server, Renard, was so awesome and attentive. I had the Shrimpzilla poboy and it was amazing. I was hesitant because it had cabbage on it, but it was wonderful. All of the ingredients complimented each other. Everyone in my party loved their food. We are so happy we stopped b in here. We will definitely be back.The restaurant is family friendly. We stopped by by accident and very hungry. The food is average. The best gumbo is the not the best in town. Oysters were not as fresh as expected. Hopefully, everyone will not be ill tomorrow.A big group of us came here for dinner last night. Our waiter Al was so friendly and helpful, and especially accommodating to a large group of 8. The food was decent - the gumbo and shrimp po boy were good but not the best I've had in New Orleans. A nice environment to socialize but would not come back here for the food.The shrimpzilla had delicious fresh bread but only 12 medium size shrimp, I recommend Johnnys po-boy instead, but the french fries were delicious. If you want to eat at NO Hamburger and Seafood, take the streetcar to the St Charles location. We did enjoy the music while we waited.Great little place to stop for a bite. Although I'm not a "big bread" sandwich fan, the shrimpzilla po-boy was a good choice. Good taste and adequate size. But, the fries were a huge hit for me. 
I think the highlight of the visit was the friendly staff. This can make or break a restaurant.Great food. Fast service.  Will definitely come again.  The service was fast and efficient.  I never had thin catfish.  Omg it was a party in my mouth.  Everything was seasoned to perfection.Just finished eating there, food was very good.While walking out heard someone said "I'm gonna knock your fucking head off". I turned around and it was a group of employees from the restaurant cursing and threating a young man while he was walking away.... That's not the thing I came down here for. This make me think twice in coming to the French Quarter.Service here was fast and friendly. I ordered the Oysters Blue-Diana and they were great. I would recommend this place to all my friends.We stopped in for a quick lunch while walking around the quarter on our last NOLA trip. I had the Poboy and my wife had the sizzling shrimp salad.  Both were excellent.  The poboy was not as full to bursting as most others in the area, but it was fresh tasting and delicious.
My wife raved about the sizzling shrimp salad but did not get full. She is a marathon runner and was prepping for a run that weekend so she did have her active appetite but I agree it was a little small.The BBQ Shrimp One Handed Po Boy was delicious-- the 2 beers for $4 didn't hurt either! Service was fast and friendly.OMG... The mint Julip  and the Brees # 9 cocktails were great! My husband and I ate the boudin balls appetizer and it was out of this world! We are on an appetizer crawl otherwise we would have ordered more food from this place!My husband had the catfish po' boy and I had the roadhouse burger, both with the garlic fries. AMAZING. It was our first meal in New Orleans and it set the bar really really high. Honestly the best fries I have ever had in my entire life. We debated stopping by again just for the fries but decided we want to try to be adventurous and try other things. I might give in to temptation again tomorrow though.Food was good. I had the Shrimpzilla Poboy, if you like gravy ask for extra on the side. Had some
Drink with mixture of 4juices and 4 liquids and it was goodThe food here is fabulous.  Not much of a healthy selection, so come when you want to cheat or drown that alcohol in grease. The garlic fries are OMGood. But I'm only rating it 3 stars because the service has been horrible. The hostess had attitude, and I haven't seen my server since I ordered my food almost an hour ago. No refills, no napkins. Unacceptable. I have been trying for 20 minutes to flag down another server but they have blinders on. 
Yay! I was able to ask another server for to find the girl who is supposed to be waiting on me. Lets see how long it takes. 12 minutes! And she wasn't even coming to check on me, she was delivering another server's food. I might understand if the place was super busy... but it's most definitely NOT.The food was great. I had a Rajun Cajun burger. My husband had the Hickory Bacon cheeseburger., and we shared a bowl of gumbo---I, personally, could've done without all the shrimp.  Our service was excellent---I think our server was Marsha? Sitting on the balcony.... priceless!I hate writing negative reviews. If this one seems harsh it's because I've raised this issue several times  in less public forums and have not gotten any response.. I interpret this to mean that this company doesn't care at all about me or you as a customers, so they forfeit any courtesy.
The corporate policy of this franchise is one of false advertising and price gouging french quarter tourists and residence.  They advertise specials on television, on facebook, etc. without any mention that these "specials" are only available at the ten other locations where local business is appreciated and worth competing for.. If you are in the French Quarter you can just forget it.. 
Those of us who live and work in the quarter are regularly call upon to recommend restaurants.  This is what we will be saying about NOH&S..
The food itself is nothing special, just more corporate greed on a plate.  The catfish that is so popular is apparently because people don't like catfish as it has no flavor other than the breading.  The burgers are bland and the buns are dry. Any of the Willies Chicken Shack locations would be a better choice and a better value for this style of casual lunch or dinner food.  I could list 20 places with better burgers within walking distance.. Ask any store clerk in the quarter, they will be happy to make a better recommendation!Food was ok, not great.  Burgers were a little over cooked.  The alligator bites were good.  It was mixed with fillers, not solid chunks.  I prefer the solid pieces that I've had at other places.Currently sitting here now and waited on my food for almost 40 mins and a restaurant that is 30% full. Servers were not interested in being pleasant or smiling. However food is good.These 4 stars are based soley on me seeing my friends as I walked by and sampling their potato wedges with crawfish queso! It's so good!Went here last night because I read the place was really haunted. Had dinner on the balcony, really good food. Had the Mushroom Swiss burger, it was crazy goodBar tender was really nice.  We were in the hurry and he made sure that we were served ASAP. 
Sweet Ice Tea was good, I highly recommend the BBQ Spicy Shrimp one handed po-boy.  Garlic Herbal Fries, Chicken and Sausage Jambalaya and Fried fish with creamy mushroom sauce were all the dishes I ordered and all good.  
Will try their hamburger when I make it back to New Orleans, hopefully, soon.I love the thin catfish here! The service this last trip was awful! One lady seem to be taking care of the entire upstairs and we were missing food left and right. One lady at our table ordered a grilled chicken salad and the chicken didn't show up till after we were all finished and asked for it about three extra times. The lady was still going to be charged for the very very late chicken but finally they took 1.50 off the price of the salad.   
Not very customer friendly on this visit. Other visits have been much better!!!Food and service was awesome highly recommend. We had the Shimpzilla and alligator poppers.......Chicken tenders were great and the fries were pretty good, but a little sweet to me. Pretty good overallExcellent food!  The thin fried catfish was divine, the garlic fries perfectly seasoned, and the coleslaw had just the right amount of zing.  The others at our table enjoyed their oyster po'boy and oyster on the half shell.  
The reason for the 3 star review was the service.  Our waitress was rude, inattentive, lost our order, and it took 45 minutes for us to get our food.  She spent more time at the bar flirting with some guy, or watching him when she wasn't standing right next to him.  So, we would probably try it again, we will just have to make sure she isn't working when we do.First time in NOLA and this was our first stop for lunch. Laid back great drinks and amazing food. Staff was hilarious and gave great recommendation. Portions were hugeVariety of burgers.  Speedy service.  Casual dining for lunch or dinner.  The crawfish cheese dip is my favorite appetizer choice!  Order more than one if you have more than two people though.  Salads are large and pretty good too.  
This is an order at the counter then get a seat place.  Bar seating also available.AMAZING thin-fried catfish & garlic fries- Lavonda was sweet & attentive as was another server that just stopped at our table to make sure all was good. Scored on the $2 discount on tap beers - dinner for 2 with tip: $29.13. We will be back!Very casual dining! Catfish Lafitte was amazing!  Server was very nice!  Would return in a heartbeat.New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood Co. has some of the best food the states has to offer. We had their seafood sampler the first day we were in New Orleans, and just wow, it was exceptional. Their Alligator Poppers and Fried Oysters are out of this world. 9.5/10I was pleasantly surprised by this place.  We tried to stay away from chains during the NOLA vacation, but we were hungry and this place was inviting.
I had the THE ORIGINAL NEW ORLEANS BBQ SHRIMP
ONE-HANDED POBOY.  OMG.  SO soo sooooo good.  I want to go back there just for this.  The shrimp was spicy and plentiful and the bread was fresh and crusty.  More please.All of the things that I have eaten from this restaurant have been excellent.  However, they are obviously price gouging the tourists.  There are so many other whole in the wall places around the city with similar food at an affordable price.We came in a group of 11 an hour before closing and we asked the waitress if it was okay, we were laid back and honestly didn't want them to stay later because it's rude but we're starving. The hostess was so friendly and warm, the waitress took us in with no attitude or problems. She sat us on the balcony and had our drinks and food out within 10 minutes, she also had a smile the whole time. Ugh I didn't get her name but she was young and slender, so sweet and so gracious and we were very pleased. *Also split our checks with no issues*Hunger brought us in to this venue late in the afternoon. The reviews were pretty decent and there were plenty of tables. I would say this is a more commercialized place, but their garlic French fries (more like wedges) are the highlight. Garlic sauce is drizzled over the fries that accompany each entree. My husband had the mushroom Swiss burger, while I had the "western" chicken with jalapeos, cheddar cheese, and sauted onions. I shared the sampler platter with my friend (alligator poppers, boudin balls, and fried catfish). The alligator poppers are tasty with a consistency of a ham croqueta on the inside. If you are expecting a traditional popper, do not get these as they don't have cream cheese or jalapeos inside. The boudin balls are sausage and rice stuffed with a breaded fried outside. I did not try the catfish, but my husband and friend cleared it out without a crumb remaining in the basket.Boudin balls just ok ($10 for 6 of them)
Good service, great location for tours, etc.
Fair price on beers.Oh. My. Glob!! I went here on my lunch break from work and the bourbon burger was fantastic! And the garlic fries were to die for. Tom (I think that was his name) was a fabulous bartender and was super attentive, even though I didn't order any alcohol. He made sure my water was full and that I had what I needed. I will definitely be going back for lunch another time :)Its an ok place for food wouldnt say it goes above an beyond. The staff seems a bit careless and the food is ok. The bartender was really nice though!I recommend the shrimp or oyster platter - yum! I got the thin fried catfish the last time I went, but was really disappointed with the lack of fish in the pieces. I'd be back but go for the shrimp platter instead!Bayou pasta is insanely delicious! My son had the hickory bacon burger and he's said it was the best burger he's eaten! The fries were drenched in mouthwatering garlic butter sauce!
We ate here twice we loved it so much!
My favorite restaurant on my recent trip!Drinks are good.
Food - Meh. I've experienced better.
SHRIMPZILLA POBOY
Fried Shrimp, Roast Beef Debris Gravy, Swiss Cheese, Shredded Cabbage, Creole Mustard Sauce 12.99
It was good, just not great, and much smaller than I expected for the price. I could have twice the food flavor and amount around the corner for $10.A local vendor recommended this place but I have NO idea why. People were nice, but down hill from there. Soup and jambalaya were medium warm. Soup was ok, jambalaya wasn't - only edible. I won't come back but all tasted like it was straight from the microwave. Even the brownie was gummy instead of warmed. Service was awful. Nice but exceptionally slow. Plus didn't check back to see if we wanted anything else. Had to ask bus guy for desert menu!Wow, great experience. The staff was super friendly. The food was excellent. Try the triple sampler. My first time eating gator! Delicious!!Excellent burgers. After eating seafood for three straight days we decided we needed a change. We found this burger placed based upon other yelp users. 
Service was excellent. Their serve garlic fries and this was something I had not had before. But they were excellent. 
If you are on the French Quarter and need a good burger this is a must.Party of two. Ordered a messy roast beef poboy with lettuce and pickles. Garlic fries came with.  Loved it. It was plenty enough to share. The waitress was great. She came right away to the table and was courteous and friendly.  She was quick with our drinks. She was attentive, but not too much...just right. The food was great, the service was great. I'd eat there again .Service was really nice, real cool & funny older gentleman but damn he couldn't hear worth a damn! 
He recommended the seafood platter and it was delicious.  I was extremely hungry after them heffas I went with got stuffed with a free buffet from Harrah's and I didn't fair so lucky since I was already in their system #bastards. Then we went to go charge cell phones afterwards; meanwhile now I'm super duper starvin like marvin in this piece.  Do I still sound salty? Well damnit I am! 
Anyway back to this platter, catfish/oysters/shrimp & steak fries.  All cooked just right.  Loved every bite.  
So why 2 stars you ask? Well I'm never returning to this restaurant again because of the bathroom sitch! It's absolutely disgusting.  The single stall downstairs was clearly highly used and moderately neglected.  I wanted to relieve myself again on the way out in preparation for the night of drinking and it had a line so I went upstairs.  Only to find it much more filthy than the one below. Old and dirty...just dirty! Super dirty and disgusting. If you can't keep the bathroom clean, your kitchen ain't clean and idc how good the food is, no thanks! :)Dinner with me and my daughter at 7:00pm on a Friday; not crowded
Pros: Friendly waiter, seated quickly. Food, once served, was not awful. 
Cons: Slow service - had to ask for silverware and napkins after food was delivered; ordered red beans, rice and sausage, and was told that "someone else grabbed the sausage from the counter" - so it came separately, after the beans and rice; food was lukewarm; sprite was actually seltzer water (they were out of syrup...couldn't fix it). At least one other group came, sat, were ignored, then left. It was extremely cold in the restaurant as well. 
Would not go back or recommend.Garlic herb fries just like Charles said balcony view and seating awesome great food and drinks very very reasonable a large hurricane a cheeseburger wt bacon and fries incl tip was 25 AwesomeI ate here on my second trip to New Orleans this month. I am always obsessed with wanting an authentic experience when I travel and don't want to hit up the tourist spots. This spot looks very commercial but the food was great! I got the spicy po' boy (which was flavorful but not spicy) which came with the potato wedges. The po' boy was HUGE. The potato wedges were my favorite part, they were SO good! I also enjoyed the fried green tomato special. This was a nice option for lunch for this area with great service.My boyfriend and I decided to go to this restaurant this past Saturday, 03/12/16. Once we sat down at our table, no one greeted us. Our waitress passed by our table 4 times and just said "hello". She was short with natural hair put up in a bun or something. We're talking and having a good time until I look down at my phone and realized 30 MINUTES had gone by. The only person that helped us was a busser that walked by and saw that we hadn't been helped yet. She took our drink order and said that our waitress would be with us in a second. Fifteen minutes go by and our waitress finally surfaced just to walk by us again and ignore us, even after we tried to get her attention. We got up and went to Felipe's and the food there was amazing! Never going to this particular restaurant again .The best burgers I've had in a long time! We had the jalapeno and pepper jack cheese, the all American, the strawberry field salad. Let me tell you the garlic fries that come with these burgers are absolutely to die for! Everything was so damned good!!!!  And a shout out to ReRe our server who was awesomeThis location definitely operates differently than those outside of the city. One of the kitschy things was always the bar where you got to dress your sandwich & I was not surprised to find that missing in the cramped confines of the Quarter. Nonetheless, cold fried oysters on my son's salad, cold everything on my sandwich (it was shrimp & roast beef with gravy) - came with three cubes of beef & no gravy. When I asked for a side of gravy, I was told they were out.
Service was friendly, but mind-numbingly slow. The only thing hot on our table was the fries. I only ate half my sandwich and went looking for a lucky dog. They are way over-priced for the amount you receive. I don't mind paying a premium for quality and/or quantity. They offer neither. The only thing that made this tolerable was a very good server who really should do herself a favor & head to a better establishment so she can make more consistent $$$We ate here 3 times during our week long stay in New Orleans. What brought us in were the 2 for $4 canned beers. We ended up eating each time we visited and nothing disappointed us. Everything we ordered was very good. Hot wings were delicious. Chicken tenders were light and fluffy. The bbq burger was amazing juicy and cooked perfectly. All came with fries that were covered in garlic butter sauce. So good. We sat at the bar each time and all the bartenders and servers were very nice.Service was slow. The wait staff had attitudes. Our food was ok.  They messed up all the orders.  Not impressed.This review is mostly about the life changing fries that came with my BBQ shrimp po'boy.  They put garlic butter in the fries and are totally generous with it too. Also, ReRe was a great server.   I recommend getting fries and sitting in ReRe's section.  Garlic Butter and ReRe are  awesome.Took a girls afternoon trip up from Biloxi and decided to have lunch on the balcony it was wonderful.  The service was great and the food delicious also the 44 is amazing!Food was awesome! Just because it's in NOLA, not all restaurants make quality food that represents the area (I've tried countless food joints and not that impressed - all hype and the human mind persuading itself thinking it's good because it's in cajun country), but this place was on point.
Was headed to the French Quarter market place to try out my haggling skills on cheap souvenir items and walked past this place with a line out the door - decided to stop by for a quick bite to eat at the bar. Ordered the Triple Sampler (fried catfish, boudin balls and alligator poppers). OMG that sh** was so good. Added the signature "44" drink with it and whao...Let's just say exploring town satisfied from a delicious meal and "sneak'er upper" drink like that made exploring the French Quarter that much more fun. Don't get me started on how fun it was in the actual market place when I was in negotiation mode with the street vendors lol!!
Oh, the two bartenders were fun too. Told us all about the area, the culture and why they call NOLA home. Although there's so much to do, especially tourist things, taking the opporthnity to hear from the locals every so often really helps put things into perspective in terms of life in the area. I appreciate the place even more now.Very good seafood fettuccine alfredo, friendly bar staff! Frozen drink called 44 was very good. Only patrons were tourists (including me). A Second Line went by while I was eating here and me and the bartender ran out onto the street to watch!We had a shrimp poboy and a shrimp basket. Lots of food, more than we could eat. They were both delicious! It was quiet and in nicer weather, we could've eaten out on the balcony overlooking the French Quarter. Very cool.The bartender was great! The gumbo will forever hold a spot in the heart of my tongue! If I ever come back to N.O. I will definitely be coming back here!My family stopped in for dinner after visiting the Quarter, and we had a wonderful experience. Started with Alligator Balls with pepper jelly, which were hot and tasty. The jelly was excellent - please market this to the public! Main dishes included Shrimpzilla, which sounded a bit odd (shrimp po boy with roast beef gravy, but it works), burgers, and the garlic fries, which ought to be illegal. Finished up with the Bananas Foster bread pudding, which was great. Overall a delightful meal - good food, good service, and well worth a repeat visit.Must try the crawfish queso and the loaded cheese fries! The view on the balcony is nice and the service was good. We liked it so much we came here twice. Also, the 44 frozen alcoholic beverage was fantastic!Slow service and had to track waiter down for another drink. Good 45 min. between ordering and getting food. Sunday afternoon and not packed so we expected better service. Not a fan of their famous thin fried catfish but my daughter's mushroom cheddar burger (they were out of swiss) was pretty good.Yes!!  If you want authentic New Orleans cuisine that is casual and fun, come to this place. Seriously, I ordered the Bayou Pasta, which was full of fried shrimp and boiled crawfish, and penne pasta with a creamy sorta Alfredo sauce. Very good, and not spicy. My hubby ordered the fried catfish and boudin balls- I tried it and it was amazing!  Oh- and if you like bread pudding- get the bananas foster bread pudding!  Sweet and rich, but so tasty. Some of the best bread pudding I've had. Nice bar selection as well, and I had the 44 drink- it had about 5 different kinds of rum in it, so of course I was already pretty happy by the time we went strolling down Bourbon street. The hubby ordered a local hoppy beer and loved it. Our server was funny and knowledgable, and he made our dinner amazing.  Easy find right off Decatur by the Jackson brewery.The waitstaff was a little thin on the product knowledge part, but the oysters were fresh and the Abita was perfectly cold and served in a great chilled beer chalice. Everyone here is exceptionally friendly and it's a nice, comfortable atmosphere to sit and enjoy a rare cool afternoon in the French Quarter. I'd come back with friends for sure.Always delicious food!!! The waitstaff upstairs was a little slow on Tuesday, 7/19 but very nice. Will always come here when I'm in town!I was celebrating a bachelorette party in NOLA and the bride was dying to go here. She said it was her FAVORITE restaurant in ALL OF NEW ORLEANS and that us northerners would love it too. She especially raved about the garlic fries. I have to say that I was a bit disappointed. First of all, it was totally empty at lunchtime on a Friday...that's never a good sign. Service was slow and our waitress seemed uninterested. Second, I did not feel their menu was diverse. It felt like everything was deep fried and I did not get an "authentic" feel here. My husband had the catfish poboy, which he said lacked the whole catfish aspect of the meal. I had garlic fries which were ok. I probably wouldn't come back, as there was nothing special or outstanding about this place. I recommend going to a different restaurant if you're looking for authentic. Also: the bathrooms were disgusting. However if you're looking for a place to sit down, cool off, have a drink and some cheap food, this is definitely the place for you!Best BBQ Po-Boy ever had in my LIFE!! And the Ragin Cajun burger pretty good.... Ask for Jessica she is a great waitress.Food was amazing, try the bayou pasta, it won't disappoint! Staff is very friendly also!We were sat down fast , the service was good , helpful , friendly and the food was great . Better than the last place we went intoNever been to New Orleans this restaurant was reccomended to us.    Our waitress was Trina.  She was great.   I had the beef gator with pepper jelly very tasty.  Was able to try a sample of the turtle soup.  The flavor hits your taste buds about 6 seconds after the bite.  Never having turtle soup I would defiently get this so if you come here try it.  Trina suggested the bread pudding.  Never having this before it was excellent.  When you come ask for Trina she is the best.  Very patient if you need help with what to order.  Im from Arizona so this is a very different experience and having super nice people like Trina makes such a different.Food was absolutely amazing! Gator bites and boudin balls were to die for! The ragin cajun burger was awesome and the fries well I could have eaten a pound of them! The people were really nice but could have checked on us a time or two more, will definitely be returning! Highly recommend, they have a good variety for everyone!Brent was so cool. I was starting to feel like a sellout for eating a burger in NOLA but was thankful that he didn't judge.  The hickory bacon cheeseburger was really good. The burger was cooked like I try so hard to do at home in the grill. It had the perfect amount of apple wood bacon and cheddar cheese. The garlic fries were a great compliment. I stole the cole slaw from my husband and it too was great!  Not too rich and just crunchy enough. 
He got the fried thin catfish and gave me lunch envy. Had I been able to eat more, I would have challenged him for several filets. 
Brent talked us into the brownie. It had ice cream and chocolate and caramel goodness on top. 
Trust me, this place is easy going, comfortable and doesn't try too hard like so many other touristy joints. Ask for Brent, he won't steer you wrong.Only didn't get five stars because the waitress was rude. The food was delicious!!!! We ordered the crawfish queso and the catfish platter. Everything was great!!!!I had the "thin" fried catfish po'boy. The sandwich had good flavor (with remoulade & hot sauce on it) but the fish is cut thinner than I thought possible so it resulted in very little actual fish on my sandwich. 
My friend had the oyster po'boy and she said the oysters were so small and few that you couldn't even taste them.
If you are going to charge $16/$17 for a po'boy then there should be more of the main ingredient on then.
I'll go back to NOLA po'boy or Bamboula's. NOLA was tasty pieces of catfish and Bamboula's had one big piece of fish so whatever type you like.Fried shrimp lack size and flavor. Not what I expected eating in New Orleans. It was priced at 17.99One of the best burgers ever. If you like some KICK, get the Ragin Cajun. The garlic fries were stellar, like go there just for those if you want. So glad I got here just before I left town. Better than your average burger joint. Really fantastic! And I finally got the sweet tea I'd been craving all week.Food is ok, service is ok. I wouldn't come back personally only maybe for drinks. Place felt a little dirty.Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon -- our first restaurant visit since arriving in New Orleans. We were a bit leery since it felt like a touristy type location, but we were pleasantly surprised! The thin catfish just melted in our mouths. So delicious!! The seasoning was perfect. And then the garlic butter on the french fries? Like heaven!! Service was adequate; nothing to write home about. But I would definitely return for some of that thin catfish. YUM!!First visit to NOLA, wanted some fried catfish as it was few and far between on the menus down there.  Food was average, drinks were good.  Only giving it four stars because our waitress was awesome.  Very interactive, gave us great ideas for real jazz music (which doesn't consist on Bourbon during the week) and she was just pleasant as can be.It's a decent place to grab lunch or dinner.  Quick highlights.
Appetizers are pretty good.  Recommended the Alligator Poppers and Boudin Balls
I'm not a fan of their thin fried catfish, mainly due to the coating.  I know good fried catfish and this is not it.  It doesn't suck rather just okay.
I got the Catfish Lafitte as an entree.  Sounded great on the menu, fried catfish smothered in crawfish mushroom sauce.  It really needed more of the crawfish mushroom sauce.  
The service was friendly but a little slow.  Not sure if this is the norm or just our experience.We stopped by here to eat lunch before our flight back home. It took awhile for anyone to acknowledge our table and even longer to put in our drink order.We put in our food order with our drinks and the food came out right but it wasn't anything really great.Just average local chain fare I would say. The portions were good for the price.One person from our group got the "thin catfish fried platter" which looked soo thin and not appetizing whatsoever but it is one of their specialities I believe.Absolutely astonishing service, food was even better. Prices were amazing as well! Totally going backIf you go to this place, go hungry because when it come to portions, the people are serious. The only thing bigger than the portions is the taste. This ain't your tourists food people. This food is actually GOOD! TRY to get upstairs. Totally amazing view of the mighty Mississippi and the river boats. So why did I give it a 3. You guessed it, the wait staff.  We had to get our own napkins, get our own utensils. My asked for a glass of water 3 times and NEVER got it.  BTW, who ask for water anyway? Isn't that the first thing they bring to your table?  Yes I would go here again for the food but I would Not be seated in this person's areaCame here for takeout when I went to New Orleans for Satchmo Summerfest.  The Great Parade burger was well-prepared and surprisingly good.  The garlic fries were a definite treat. I stayed for a bit and had two drinks.  Todd the bartender is a treasure. He even told me where to find good Chinese food nearby.  The place itself is nicely decorated and pleasant.  I'll definitely go back on my next visit.We were pleasantly surprised about this restaurant. When we first walked in it looked like there weren't enough tables, but actually there are a lot more upstairs. It was air-conditioned and really cool which was great for a hot day. The stairs were dirty and sticky, which really grossed me out. That would be the only negative thing I would have to say though. The servers were incredibly nice and informative. We each had hamburgers that were absolutely out of this world these fries here are some of the best fries I've ever had in my entire life.Incredible gumbo and jambalaya but the bananas foster bread pudding is the best dessert I have ever had! Great place!Dirty oysters and very slow waitstaff. Seems they really don't care. Will not return.Woo hoooo new Orleans hamburger and seafood on Decatur. Balcony has a view of the river.  Woooo hoopWe went in around 8pm on a Saturday night and we were seated upstairs immediately. The waiter was very friendly and service was quick. We had cheese fries as an appetizer and they were was delicious and had plenty of melted cheese. We both had the thin fried catfish poboy with garlic herb fries. First off, the fries are AMAZING so if they don't come with your meal then make sure you get them as a side or appetizer. As for the poboys, the French bread was a little too toasted - to the point is was painful to your mouth, BUT the catfish was delicious so make sure you give it a try!Overall really good experience, only reason it's not a 5 star is because the people I was with were not as happy with their food as I was. Our server was great and gave opinions on food and menu rather than just saying everything is good, I ordered the bayou pasta off her recommendation and I was not disappointed. The sauce was really good with lots of flavor and they didn't skimp on the shrimp at all it was loaded! My meal was great. My bf got the catfish lafitte and said it was good but a little overwhelmed in sauce and couldn't taste the catfish much. My family also shared the ragin Cajun and said it had a little to much wing sauce.Not my favorite spot we visited. We were hungry and there wasn't a long wait. It's right on Decatur street not far from Jackson square or the riverfront street car stop. I had the fried shrimp pasta in a crawfish mushroom cream sauce. It was good. They didn't devein the shrimp which was off putting. My mom had the bbq shrimp pasta. Her shrimp was deveined. Eat there or don't. It's not a must stop place.Very good food. The garlic fries are different and they are good. Waiters are nice. The menu does not have as much variety that I would like to see. But it's worth trying.Great location. Chicken burger was tough but toppings were good. Garlic fries were great. Burger was greasy which was great for my hangover. Quick service; reasonably priced for the area.Burgers were great,  fries were best ever, try the 44 drink, also great and refreshing. No wait when we arrived at opening, service also a+.We ate here twice, once because we didn't really have time to find something traditional to New Orleans, and the second time we cam back because of how long the lines were at fine establishments and the lack of decent fare that was not really fried and spicy.  A must have is the catfish or the "Shrimpzilla" po' boy.  I enjoyed the red cream soda and lemonade.  If you want beer or hurricanes, this is also a decent enough place to find alcohol.There is another yelp page for the same restaurant at the same address with more reviews but I will still write here.  Okay, I went to Johnny's Poboy but their bread, oyster, and corned beef were all out so I walked out and went into any restaurant nearby and it was this place.
The alligator poppers with pepper jelly were crisp and good, but there were only 5 of them.  I felt it was pricey, but alligators are pricey anywhere. They were really good.
Their shrimp po-boy used thinner baguette bread that it could only hold little amount of fried shrimps. Other poboy places had more shrimps in their poboy. I also did not like that their mustard sauce smothered chopped cabbages in the poboy was wetting and overpowering the shrimps. It was my first shrimp poboy, but I knew it could be better than that. I still loved their side potato wedges which were fried perfectly and covered with good garlic butter.
Their jambalaya was okay...it was fluffier than wet jambalayas from other restaurants, but it had some hints of artificial flavor enhancers, imo.I had the shrimp poboy with garlic fries, jambalaya, and the alligator poppers, all of which were excellent. It is so rare to be consistently satisfied with food at one restaurant.Stopped in while on vacation for a shrimp po boy and a cup of gumbo!
Good atmosphere that had big open view of the French quarter with sun and a breeze while you eat! 
The wedges that came with the Po boys were garlic, crunchy and full of flavor!
Gumbo was good a tad bland in my opinion, could use a little more spicing up, but I'm one that enjoys hot food! 
Shrimp salad had two dressings with it, a remoulade and a vinaigrette. They were amazing mixed together and made the salad really pop! 
Shrimp Po boy was perfectly paired with a coleslaw topping and some type of savory spread/dressing that really made the sandwich special! 
Only complaint I had was the food was a tad pricey and gumbo was lacking a little flavor, but all in all good spot to stop in!We stopped by here during the French Quarter Fest for a martini and blood mary.  They were both delish.  The bartenders were prompt and very helpful.   This place has a good vibe with a small bar and some tables (around 8 or 10).  
We then ordered a hamburger (the original).  It came out promptly and was perfect.  It had buttered buns with pickles, lettuce, tomatoes and red onions and comes with "really good" garlic fries.  Never had them before but I recommend them to anyone.  
So if you out and about in the French Quarter and want a sure bet and a good drink I recommend this place.Went here for lunch. I ordered the seafood platter. Catfish was essentially all bread. Oysters and shrimp were not great tasting. The fries are soaked in grease.  The boudin balls were the only thing I enjoyed. I was full, so the portion was adequate, but I would not come here again. Sub par when I compare to other seafood I have eaten in New Orleans.Never had a less than delicious meal! My hubs found this gem during our first NOLA adventure and we've made it a must have on every return trip. Always yummy and always worth it!!!Excelente lugar para comer la mejor hamburguesa de Nola !!! 
Queda en el antiguo cetro de Nola ! 
Frente al ro misissipi!!!
El clima y la atencin estuvo genial ! 
En relacin precio y calidad muy acorde lo que pagamos y comimos ! 
Les dejo alguna fotos y el ticket para que vean su costo ! 
SaludosWas skeptical to try this place when I read the reviews on yelp but my sister was insistent on eating here after recommendations from friends. We ended up coming here several days into the trip, on a day where we were all sick of seafood and Cajun/creole cooking. We started with the alligator sausage balls. I thought they were a bit heavy on the breaking but had good flavor once you got through that. I loved the pepper jelly they were served with. Small portion for the price unfortunately. I think the burgers here were the real prize. One person got the hickory bbq burger with bacon and the other got the grand parade with blue cheese red onion bacon and bbq sauce. I sampled each and they were tasty. Juicy beef, cooked how they were ordered. Loved the bbq sauce that was used. Of the two, I enjoyed the grand parade more because of the onion and blue cheese. What I REALLY liked about the burgers were the fantastic garlic fries that they were served with. These were huge steak fries with a buttery garlic sauce all over  they were so crispy and flavorful! I actually got the strawberry fields salad which was crisp and fresh and really hit the spot of being sick or creole. I again loved the blue cheese and red onions used. The dressing was creamy yet tangy and there was plenty of grilled chicken on top. My sister ordered the seafood pasta with grilled shrimp instead of fried. She wasn't thrilled with the shrimp but liked the flavor of the sauce and the steamed crawfish. She seemed to be the least happy with her selection of us all. 
The service was a bit spotty. Started with a male waiter who took our drink and meal orders and seemed attentive with refilling drinks and bringing our food. Once the main courses came we never saw him again. He never checked on us. And we had to track down a different waitress to clear our plates and get us our check. A bit weird. 
Overall this wouldn't be a must stop for me but if you're looking for a break from traditional New Orleans fare its a good option.Saw a few TV ads on this place so we decided to eat here. Ordered the Bayou Pasta, it was the perfect size & had plenty of shrimp. So glad I got it based on the other Yelp recommendations. Husband got the thin fried Catfish, he wasn't moved by it. But those garlic fries were the ish!!!!! 
The place is right on the corner of Decatur ave across from the boat cruise. The floor was sticky and not much to see inside in regards to decor. Service was quick and our server polite.I ate here last weekend. The place wasn't packed but there were several full tables. We were greeted and seated quickly. I asked the waiter for some suggestions. I went with the one handed poboy. It was delicious! The garlic fries it came with were great. My friend, being vegetarian ordered a grilled cheese, not on the menu but they accommodated. She was happy with it. My only issue with the grilled cheese was that I think they over charged for it. They rung it as a cheeseburger and deducted $1.99, making it $10, too much.You know how sometimes you get so hungry that you can't make a decision and you're trying to find food at the same time 800,000 other people are, too? That's when you end up at New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood. It was fine but the staff was definitely harried (two waiters had an ongoing argument through our entire meal, apparently over who was covering a specific table. Weird.) My salad was actually great (but I wonder if I would have eaten my arm at that point) and my husband's hamburger turned out to be a chicken sandwich because they were out of hamburgers (it was during French Quarter Festival at the end of the day) so they made the substitution without asking if that was okay. It was okay (he would have eaten his arm at that point....) but weird. Weird experience all around but that's what happens at 8pm during French Quarter Festival....Thin cut fried cat fish is AWESOME! Fries with spiced butter drizzle....to die for. Two beers for 4 bucks. It's right on Decatur with a balcony. Excellent service. What else could you ask for?We come at least twice a year to New Orleans. And every time we end up eating here. I don't know why we even try other restaurants.  You have to get their seasoned fries. They are delicious. Their red beans are yummy and jambalaya suits the n'awlins comfort food needs. And there are so many oysters on their po boy! You will not be disappointed. Only reason for not giving a 5Star was the table was wobbling and the chairs need comfort updates. The waitstaff were friendly (Anthony was our waiter - I think that was his name I believe) and the greeters were friendly too. Overall - the reason we keep coming back and recommend!I had an excellent experience here today. I sat at the bar for lunch. The BBQ burger does not disappoint and the drinks were perfectly. In addition to great food, the hospitality was memorable. Thank you to my bartender!Last day in New Orleans and we were hungry for something other than seafood. Stumbled across this restaurant on Yelp and decided to give it a try. They did not let us down, GREAT food and service. We ordered hamburgers and they were excellent, probably the best hamburger I've had in years. They make them the old fashioned way with thick patties, toasted and buttered bun...Mmmmm!I came with 3 friends and one got cold gumbo while another got the wrong salad. Our waitress, Kee, asked if my friend actually ordered the right salad. We had to ask another waitress for silverware. When Kee came around, the fork she gave was without napkins and was dirty. She had an attitude since the salad. Then she walked up and asked our ages and reprimanded us as children "babies" (we are all 21) and said she was grown. She then told us she gets off at 10pm. Like to fight?? Really? 
Luckily, the manager Manny, the redeeming factor for 2 stars instead of 1, came over and was very kind and eventually gave us our meal for free. We were still willing to pay but he insisted. I know we were probably treated badly because of our age, but it was still very unprofessional. We hadn't been loud or drinking so I am unsure why we were treated as such.Ate here with a group of coworkers.  The fare was good and service was fast.  We all had a burger, and the quality was good.  Prices were relatively inexpensive for the Quarter, so I would say it's a good valueJuicy, delicious burger,amazing fries; hit-or-miss service. 
I had the mushroom Swiss burger, which was juicy, and came with AMAZING herb garlic fries! The fries themselves are worth the trip. 
Third restaurant I've been to in as many days where I would say the waitstaff seemed less-than-interested in their job; almost like I was an interruption to their day, rather than the reason for it! 
I say hit-or- miss service, though, because while the hostess who seated us made me want to turn around and leave, the girl who took over for our waiter at the end was nothing but gracious, professional, and friendly!! 
I recommend for the food; you can probably overlook the serviceWe just happened to walk by and the place looked like a fun casual bar with fun food. Don't let the low rating keep you away. The food was fantastic, had a burger and fries. Be sure to try the garlic herb butter for dipping. It was a really nice twist - very tasty. Tried the Paradise Park beer and it was also really good. We sat at the bar and the bartender was a lot of fun. They have upstairs seating as well.I ordered the Big Ch-Easy added bacon and it was really good! And those fries with the liquid crack poured on top, OMG! So good!! Nice atmosphere and the wait wasn't too bad. We enjoyed dining upstairs and I will definitely go back!Stopped in by accident for dinner had dinner on the balcony beautiful evening incredible meal great wair staff!We selected this place b/c we knew we'd be starving after our swamp tour and it's location was right across the street from the drop off. Food was good. But our server Aaron was amazing. Patient (we were a group of 16 and loud) and on point. Literally zero errors. And we all couldn't believe he memorized our tables entire order. The rest of the staff was nice, got us sat right away and since one of us got there early, they were waiting and ready for us. (Dang it, Yelp won't let me post the video of Aaron repeating back our order!!! )Stopped for lunch today.  Christmas Eve. Sat at the bar. Our bartender rocked. I wish we would have got his name, but I bet he is your skinniest male bartender. He hustled. Greeted those coming in, while going what seemed above & beyond! Shrimpzilla Po Boy was absolutely the best! Rajun Cajun Burger was an equal match! Well done guys!!Excellent garlic fries. Burgers are large. Shrimp salad simple and perfect - they were able to swap shrimp for grilled chicken. Both the shrimp salad and chicken salad were yummy! 
This restaurant is nothing fancy - dive-ish and exactly what we were looking for!Ordered a sprite, never got it. Food probably had an entire bottle of garlic on it. But the waitress was nice and she split the bills for us.Can only base my review off the 2 Purple Haze Abita's we ordered. They were refreshing and this pit stop provided a nice break on our walk back to the hotel. The manager & bartender get an A + for service. I'll be back to try the food.Such a perfect lunch spot!! The service was amazing and the food+drinks was just as good! Get the crawfish queso!!!The staff were all very nice and allowed us to sit outside on the 2nd floor patio.  It took a long time for anyone to take our drink order, to get our drinks and then to take our food order and have that served.  There were at least 5 people involved with our table of 3 and I believe they were all trying but seemed to be stressed and running around without ever getting caught up.  At least 3 of the 5 employees wreaked of marijuana which could have something to do with the slow service.  The stink was incredibly obvious and I'm surprised management allows this.  Shame that's how it is.  Anyway, the food was good once we finally got it.  The fries stood out as did the boudin balls. We'll go somewhere else next time.I knew I had been here before.
This used to be Riverfront.
http://www.yelp.com/biz/riverfront-restaurant-new-orleans?hrid=xGYHTv3ZfUhjpCPB6vr6hQ&utm_campaign=www_review_share_popup&utm_medium=copy_link&utm_source=(direct)
Same building different name.
This is a nice quick and easy dining option located right off of Dacatur. We sat downstairs this time. In the past we have been seated on the second floor where you could choose balcony seating. Even from the downstairs area you have a good view of the street as there are many windows. This is a traditional way to dine without the long lines or breaking your wallet.
I had the shrimpzilla which was a shrimp po'boy and it was good. The staff was friendly and helpful. They were able to split the bill for us.Went there twice while in New Orleans.  Loved everything we order but my favorite was the thin fish platter and the Bloody Mary.  This restaurant is a must try while you're in the city just visiting or a local wanting delicious food.Apps were good especially liked the loaded fries and the crawfish queso.  Gumbo was very bland and had no flavor. Jambalaya was very dry and no flavor.   Po boy bread was stale.  Wait staff was great and very friendly.  The service was also great.The 2 beers for $4 lured us in but our friendly bartender Jerome was so welcoming that we stayed and ate an appetitizer! The Crawfish queso was out of this world and the local Paradise Park beer was a perfect compliment.  We tried to go back for dinner the next day but we hit it at a really busy time. Will definitely try again before leaving NOLA!A good spot for cheap eats. What made it great was the wait staff. They were all extremely friendly and hooked us up with a balcony table. 
The "44" was sugary as expected but pretty strong. The burgers were average, but everything tasted good. I'd recommend for lunch or dinner.