The atmosphere was very relaxing... we sat at the bar, waiting for the rest of our party to arrive and then we decided to dine at the bar... for cocktails, we had the Bow Wow Fruit Punch...our bartender was very knowledgeable and made our experience great. Make sure you get the charbroiled oysters...absolutely AMAZING. I had the Fried Catfish with stuffing, carrot soufflé and a side of hushpuppies...party of seven and we enjoyed it...definitely will be back whenever we come back to New Orleans.Excellent food!  Some of the best catfish I have had. Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Sides were great. The cornbread dressing was the best I have ever tasted. The carrot soufflé was good-tasted like sweet potatoes.  Hubby got raw oysters, and they were huge and delicious. Sister got fried chicken, sweet potato tots and mac-n- cheese.  Everything was so good! We will be back!Some of the best char-grilled oysters I've ever had! I'm not an oyster person but these are some delicious delights that you cannot pass up. I also ordered the grilled breast of chicken with a side of mixed vegetables and garlic potatoes. The chicken was so moist and flavorful; the potatoes and the veggies were a nice touch on the side. I was fortunate enough to come at 3:00pm and be seated immediately. (3pm-5pm is a busy time in New Orleans) The meal was absolutely divine and as usual, the staff is friendly and welcoming. Try not to come with more than 5 people; there is limited seating and the last thing you want to do is wait. Meal prices are reasonable but I'm sure there is a ticket limit per table. Bring cash and eat well!The food is really good and I haven't been disappointed yet! One of the best spots in the city hands down.This place was packed which I thought was a great sign of what we had in store. Our party of 6 sat on the patio which was just as the pack as the inside despite the heat. I ordered the Stuffed Shrimp and a side of carrot casserole. The waitress was overwhelmed and messed up my order and fail to supply the table with water. Once I receive my food it was lukewarm which distracted from the taste. The other members of my party stated they enjoyed their food therefore I will try this restaurant out again on a cooler and less crowded day.I was recommended Neyow's from a NOLA native, and it never disappoints. Start with the chargrilled oysters...get the dozen!  They're the best!  This last trip I also had the fried crab claws. They're fun to eat and have good flavor/texture. But if you're only getting one app...OYSTERS!  I'm also a a huge fan of the red beans and rice with fried chicken. I split with my boyfriend and we still didn't finish it all. 
If you're brave or looking for an adventure, get the BowWow. Pace yourself!  They give you half off the second one, but don't worry about it. If you make it through the first one, you won't need another.We love food. We were visiting from Seattle. This is the best food we had in New Orleans, hands down. Go. You're an idiot if you don't eat here at least once.  Truly.This place is sooo good. I order a cup gumbo , catfish platter with Mac and cheese, carrot soufflé there signature punch . Everything I ordered exceeded my expectations. I want to go again soooo good delish!!!I have to say that this quant little spot has so much life. I've enjoyed so many dishes there and everything is great! I should say that the first time I dined, it was lunch time and my order was severely screwed up. I must say after a long wait, I was truly satisfied with the red beans and fried chicken. They wouldn't allow me to pay due to the inconvenience of timing! I was impressed. The charbroiled oysters are to die for! I feel that they're the best in the city. The macaroni and cheese reminds me of my grandmothers. The deluxe fruit punch is so sweet it will give you a toothache, but it's good! LOL! I love this place and I look forward to going back. Sorry I don't have any pics, I ate the food before I thought of taking a pic.Stayed a block from this cute little corner restaurant on our trip to New Orleans recently.
Had already researched the area and knew this little place got some good scores here on Yelp, so we decided to check it out the first night we were in.
Was so glad we did!!
The restaurant is very cute and cozy. Small, but that adds to the atmosphere. Loved the funny pictures of the dogs on the walls - big or small dogs, they've pictured them all! and most in very funny poses! 
Had told my son about the mac and cheese that everyone raved about, so my 3 companions ordered up the Gumbo and a side of the mac and cheese. 
I got their special - the Red Beans and Rice with spicy sausage.
I really do not like mac and cheese - yes! I know EVERYONE does! - but theirs was the BEST! And I'd order it again. Was more like spaghetti noodles with cheese...but it was Amazing! Their gumbo was delicious and my red beans and rice was fantastic!
Had to try the bread pudding for desert - split one between the 4 of us and it was SOOO Good. Hot, Moist and melt in your mouth.
Was probably the cheapest place we ate at during our trip, and one of the best. The staff was attentive and friendly and we really enjoyed it. Can tell it's a local favorite...the people coming in all knew each other and were cracking jokes, having a great time. Love that type of relaxed atmosphere!
Will be back to eat next time we're in town!!OMG. The absolute new favorite and new standard for an amazing meal in New Orleans for an affordable price. The ambience is appealing and the food is off the chain. 
A word of advice, have the "Bow Wow" cocktail, but keep your Uber app handy. It packs a punch.This place is amazing!!!  We enjoyed everything we ordered.   Fried Chicken tastes like grandma's.  Gumbo was seasoned well and cooked to perfection.  We alps loved the charbroiled oysters.   But don't leave without a taste of bread pudding.   I don't typically do desserts,  but we thoroughly enjoyed the bread pudding.  Can't go wrong with catfish, red beans, or dressing.  I forgot to mention the Bow wow!!!   Strong strong strong and tastes drink.   You will not be disappointed at Meyows.  CUSTOMER SERVICE was awesome too!   We had a great experience here.  Can't wait to come back to New Orleans to eat here.First time NOLA and Neyow's was recommended by my bartender. What a great suggestion. The chargrilled oysters were everything, so good we had to get a second order. Also highly recommend the cornbread dressing and carrot soufflé. Fried shrimp were just ok in my opinion. Not bad but nothing to rave about. Fried oysters were also ok. The wings were really good. Fresh and hot (not spicy)! We had them without breading. There is both inside and outside seating. Nice bar area and loved the music. Busy on a Friday but not a long wait.I have been to New Orleans a half dozen times. Each time I've been hoping to find THAT PLACE. You know. The one with real, down-home, authentic creole food. I found it! Neyow's is the truth! Great food, service, drinks, music and overall ambience. The char oysters are amazing and I don't even like oysters! I was on a strict paleo diet but had to put it aside at Neyow's. It was worth it.I'm literally giving Neyow's 4 stars off the strength that their charbroiled grilled oysters are DAMN GOOD and the Bow Wow is THE BOW WOW!!!! (whew)
Other than that, I visited a few months ago and I ordered the seafood platter and red beans and rice; the fish, shrimp, etc was mediocre and I DID NOT like the red beans at all (first time that's happened in New Orleans). Oh shit but the dressing was good!
My sister ordered the mac and cheese and it was not good to her...Visited 10/25/16 for lunch
Eating our way through New Orleans. So many great restaurants, so little time.
Neyow's was recommended by Kevin (our concierge at our hotel) 
We weren't all that hungry so we had a half dozen grilled oysters, which were excellent. 
The wife had cup of gumbo which was good and a fried chicken thigh. 
I had some red beans and rice with a leg and thigh. Good... but nothing special. 
The chicken was fried a bit too long for my taste... but still tasty. I wonder if Nashville style 'hot chicken' is going to come down here to NO. Yes, they have Popeye's and Bojangles, but Nashville hot chicken is still a step or two above. 
No dessert here either... :(Why a party of two can't be seated until the 2nd person comes in the eatery? Parking is horrible! I can't be seated until my husband find parking. I have never heard of such stupidity. Party of two, not four.... already disgusted.. haven't eaten yet...empty tables
Food was good... fried chicken was fresh, crawfish balls were tasty, carrot soufflé was great, red beans had a good flavor, just a little watery, the praline pound was delicious(very small for 6 bucks)
Overall, I'd go back to try other menu items....We had Crawfish Balls, File' Gumbo as apps, Red beans with rice and grilled pork chops, and my bride of 50 years had Southern fried chicken with carrot souffle' (sweet and creamy like heaven), an order of hushpuppies and to top it all off, Praline Mini Pound Cake. Love that family making great family food in their kitchen. If in NOLA don't pass the place up!The food and the ambiance is amazing.  Authentic soul food and great wait staff. The soul music playing throughout also makes the dining experience even more authentic.Let me start by saying - their food is excellent. Everything you want in a Creole menu, fairly priced, and cooked to near perfection. The problem is actually trying to get your food. If you can get in the door, the service can be described as slow and inconsistent. And I wouldn't recommend trying to order to go. Three times I've tried to place a to go order and been told, "We're too busy making in-house orders to allow any to go orders." A restaurant that offers to go service that consistently shuts down to go service? These guys must hate making money.Food and service were excellent.  I had the stuffed shrimp, mac and cheese and carrot souffle....YUMLICIOUS! I tried my husband's cornbread dressing and was mad I didn't order that too! It's my new spot!I am so happy we found this place. We shared the seafood platter that had fried catfish, fried shrimp, fried oysters, and stuffed crab... IT WAS DELICIOUS. You also get two sides with it, so we had the red beans & rice and hush puppies. They were also yummy. They have drink called "Bow wow" & wow, it was awesome. You must try it if you drink. Service was great and our food came out quick. The only downside was finding parking. Terry was our waiter, I recommend him because he was great. Also, another guy named Dez made our experience even great by helping us get a table at such a busy time and made sure we were taken care of.Very good but the service is not at the level of the food quality. We arrived at 6:45 pm (Kids were excited to eat schrimps) and they told us to wait 30 minutes. 8:10 still no table available (kids start to think they can now eat the first coming chicken in the corner of the street). 8:30 still nothing , we decided to order to go! Surprise, chargrilled oyster cannot be ordered to go! Such a disappointment! First time in Louisiana, started with such a bad experience....Yesssssss......this place is DELICIOUS!!!! Worth the wait in gold. Wonderful dining experience and drinks!!!!Tried the chargrilled oysters for the first time, I'm so mad I only got the half order. They're soooooo delicious!!! A MUST TRY!!!This place was so "effin" awesome....the server Jerleen, the Bow Wow drinks...the fried catfish and pork chop, the chargrilled oysters
...I am stuffed!  The red beans and rice could
 have been seasoned a tad bit better but that wont stop me from returning.   The carrot souffle awesome!  Do yourself a favor and make your way to Neyow's.  Even the music was on point!My early dinner at Neyow's was easily my best meal here in New Orleans. We were fortunate to get in with no wait around 5:30 pm. I started with the chargrilled oysters which were really good and then had the red beans and rice with spicy sausage. Also the pinot noir was great. A great choice and I will definitely be back.Had lunch it was great food. No waiting and our order was delivered in a timely fashion. Our server Victoria W. made us feel right at home. The catfish & chicken were superb!Too expensive for such little food. Our waitress was terrible she didn't help that much because she knew she was already getting gratuity because it was five of us. She was gone half the time and impatient. And that stupid policy of not splitting the check.The bill came to be 100 and we ordered the 6 dollar Po boy. This restaurant's food was just ok and not worth the money. I've had better. This restaurant is all hype!Back in NOLA with my bf and wanted him to try Neyow's. We ordered charbroiled oysters, fried chicken, macaroni and cheese & hush puppies (his order), jazzy wings, side of Mac n cheese & 2 Big Bow Wow's. The food was amazing! It was his first time having charbroiled oysters and he loved them. We got a lot of food and had to get a to go box. It was extremely packed since it was Essence Weekend, but the service was still great.I decided to watch the last half of the Saints Wild Card Playoff game here and boy was that a great decision! Just as Lynch completed a 69 yard touchdown to drown any of my last hopes, a giant plate of fried chicken, french fries, and mac 'n cheese was making its way onto my table-- all for me! The best comfort food I could have asked for. 
The fried chicken entree is the only entree I ever get and it always tastes the same: delicious! And what about the mac 'n cheese, you ask? AMAZING!! With each bite I sing to my plate of spaghetti noodle mac 'n cheese, "You the best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had." 
If only I could sing the same about the service... It's always friendly service, just slow! Yep, the slowest I ever had. And every time. At first I thought it could just be the fried chicken that takes a while, but that is no excuse for taking forever to get a to-go box or our check. 
I'm also not really into the restaurant itself-- the decor and atmosphere are pretty blah. It's really just that damn fried chicken and mac 'n cheese that's got a hold on me! Plus, the drinks are strong. 
Well, we can't always depend on the Saints, but I can still always rely on getting some good fried chicken from this city--specially at Neyow's Creole Cafe!Redfish grilled with macaroni and hush puppies. 
Very delicious red fish was very over cooked but still delicious ! Mac n cheese is to die for as well as the hush puppies! 
Ambience was a little noisy, it was a little hard to hear our table conversation without almost screaming at each other but I'm not disappointed in the least. 
Would definitely return!This place was amazing!! A friend of mine who lives in NOLA recommended it for lunch and I'm so glad she did!  Parking is located across the street, which we didn't realize at first.  The place was packed (it's small inside), but my group was able to get a table fairly quickly.  The restaurant has a great vibe and features art and adornments unique to the city.  I had the fried catfish, carrot soufflé and macaroni and cheese.  The catfish fillets were huge...so much so that I was only able to eat one!  The coating was perfect, not to thick and not to thin.  I'm not even a huge fan of carrots...but I devoured the soufflé.  It was the perfect balance of sweet and savory.  The macaroni and cheese was different, but still good.  Instead of macaroni noodles they actually use thin, short spaghetti noodles.  All in all I would definitely come here again!  We ran into the owner after exiting the restaurant, and she said they were expanding...good thing because business seems to be booming for them.Good food, long wait but the $12 bow wow drink outside and great music makes the wait go by much faster. It's black owned too!I never give 1 star but this truly deserves it, at least this experience. I ordered the crawfish balls which were basically fried mush. The plate presentation was drab: shredded lettuce with sauce in a plastic soufflé cup. If the crawfish balls were good, the presentation would be unimportant. The dinner entrees were just as bad. My date had the Pasta on the Bayou. Was supposed to be a cream base with shrimp and crawfish. Few crawfish and very small shrimp. Pasta was over cooked and the sauce was mostly butter. Tasted like it was held on a buffet line and served lukewarm. I got the grilled catfish and stuffed crab. The stuffed crab would've been good if it weren't cold. The veggies were way over cooked. They were mush. The potatoes were lukewarm as well. The catfish was good! I did enjoy it very much. Service was less than mediocre. Had to get the server whenever we needed something. What really bothered me was that the server didn't question the fact that we hardly touched our entrees and did not want a box. The food basically tasted like it was made early that day and held in a steam well. We didn't take any displeasure out on the server, even though he should've been observant and ensured that his guests were happy.This has to be the best Cajun food I've had in NOLA! Our table got the chargrilled oysters, crawfish balls, seafood gumbo, and everything was fantasticThe food was edible but I would never come back here!  I enjoyed my drink which was very strong for $10. And the carrot soufflé was good. Didn't even taste like carrots. The green beams were canned.  Was just unsatisfied and highly disappointed. The food came fast and the staff were friendly...Attention foodies!!!!!!!!!!! My wife and kids discovered this place at around 845 on St. Patrick's day 3/17/2015. After driving around looking for a place worth spending money on as well as to give us the Cajun creole flavor we'd yet to enjoy for spring break. When I popped my head in the door...it appeared to be a place in Memphis I would not go into, with or without kids. But being a chef myself ...... it had that missing piece of our trip written all over it.. first thing I noticed about it was the energy and people eating the great smelling food..enjoying the sounds of Louis Armstrong flowing from the speakers. Then it happened .... what was this seemingly non-alcoholic concoction in everyone's cup.....FRUIT PUNCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOL . We will get back to that ! , a gentleman I assumed at the time was the Mgr welcomed us in like a professional,  but more as a true friend......did I mention this place was packed......nobody gave us a stare ..smiles abound as though they'd been waiting for us...fantastic....! We got our table within a few min. Tucked in the back of what appeared to be a hallway of sorts...but it had windows looking out to the side street that we really enjoyed. Let's talk food ....no let's talk fruit punch........! I couldn't get it out of my mouth fast enough when our server asked me what I wanted to drink. ... all of us went for it......this was and probably will be the best damn fruit punch I will ever have. We ordered ribs, and shrimp po-boys......absolutely superb. .not that spicy wish you didn't eat it heat...just right. So after our meal we spoke with the owner for a bit .....and felt as though we just made a friend. So if your in the area...come on in and get out of the new Orleans heat and get a glass of America's best fruit punch and creole food there is to offer.I'm going to keep this review simple. I WILL BE BACK FOR MORE!!! Probably favorite place to eat at in NOLA nowStraight to the point...8:00ish pm arrival time (First Timer)
1.  Parking was slightly hectic. After driving around for about 5 minutes, we parked one block over. No biggie. They do offer valet parking for $5.
2.The place was PACKED when we got in. The wait wasn't bad...about 10-15 minutes.  There is an option for outside seating. Outside would be a great choice if you're not a fan of LOUD noise. The noise level inside was INSANE. We just about had to yell our orders at the waitress, which she yelled and repeated them back, understandably so on both sides. 
3. So, I saw a LOT of people that we leaving with these huge cups of "Red Drink"...so I asked the waitress "What is this in these cups everyone's carrying out and on ALL the tables?" It's either their homemade fruit punch or the Bow Wow Punch drink...which is 80% alcohol (white/dark rum) mixed with their homemade fruit punch; at the cost of $11, it's not a bad value as you may get a cocktail / drink at the bar for that or more.  Well worth the cost. It will get you warm and fuzzy inside.
4. After we placed our order, it took approximately 20-30 minutes to get our food.  Not to shabby given the crowd capacity. We ordered:
- Fried Catfish dinner with fries and hush puppies: 2 generous sized filets of farm raised catfish. The seasoning was PERFECT, it was cooked just right. The fries were...fries. A hush puppy fan, the hush puppies were similar to those in the freezer section of your local grocer, but not too bad though. 
-Shrimp Pasta with Crawfish was very flavorful & creamy.
- Fried shrimp with potato salad and carrot soufflé. Shrimp pretty much like the Catfish, seasoned perfectly. The carrot soufflé gave me LIFE!!!!  Literally tasted like sweet potato pie filling, in my opinion. By far the BEST carrot soufflé I've had.
- Fried crap claws...again, seasoning on point with a slight kick...good portion size of those also.
The waitress was pleasant and a delight to have. She was prompt, checked on us often. 
Overall, great time, great food...night went down without a hitch. Will return again! Minus one star for the noise level...I'm just not a fan for loud noise, but withstood it.The chargrilled oysters were amazing!!!  Ordered a second plate of them after sharing the first one with my friend.After hearing so much hoopla about this place and trying to get here for the last couple of years, we were disappointed. The only good part of the meal was the red beans and the crawfish balls. The fried chicken was okay, the fried pork chops were super thin and overcooked, green beans tasted as if they came out of a can and the cornbread was just  okay. Nothing about their food had a wow factor.
It's too bad that a restaurant that is supposed to be a NOLA favorite was nothing more than a flop. 
Cross this one off the list.  If you want fantastic food stick to Jaques Imu's, because this place is just average.The locals all recommended we come here, and we were not disappointed.  Everything tasted awesome, and weeks later I'm still craving their fried chicken.  It literally changed my life.  
Chargrilled oysters are a must-order, they were so flavorful and juicy!
Sweet potato tots, mac and cheese, fried oysters were very good as well.  My only hang-up was that the cornbread dressing was a little sweeter than I would have liked, but I still liked it.
Will definitely be coming back here the next time I visit NOLA!As usual, Louisiana food is great. I warn you though, beware of their house drink the Bow Wow. The drink is delicious but strong. It is like a better version of The HurricaneI've been here a number of times, and sometimes I have a great experience, and other times I wonder, why the hell do I keep coming back?  Let me start by saying that I love the food at Neyow's.  It's down-home soul food.  Everything that I and others have had here has been excellent: fried and grilled chicken, red beans and rice, macaroni and cheese, potato salad, garlic bread, collar greens...all good!  And the bread pudding is EXCELLENT...best I've ever had.  They put a cinnamon cream sauce atop that makes you want to lick the plate...not that I've ever done that. So, what's wrong you say?  The service at Neyow's ranges from so-so to horrible.  On a number of occasions, I've waited and waited and waited to even get so much as acknowledged, much less to get drink refills, or any other service.  Last time I was in there was the last straw, when a couple that came in after me sat down next to me and was immediately handed menus while my husband and I had been waiting for 15-20 minutes, and still had not been acknowledged by ANY of the wait staff, the manager included, that we had came in.  No menus, no drinks, no smile hello, NO THANK YOU!  We promptly left, and it will be a long time before we ever try to go back again.  Good food only gets you so far these days....This has to be the best location I've had in New Orleans to get chargrilled oysters. I've had others that were good but theirs is the best, imo! I came here a few months back and ordered chargrilled oysters and the stuffed crab meal with macaroni and mixed veggies, and a bow wow. The food was great, the bow wow helped put me to sleep! The only drawback is this is a small restaurant so there may be a wait, but I've e never waited longer than 20 minutes, so it's well worth it to me.When visiting Nola for the first time, this was the first place my friend who lives in the city, took me to eat. Small Black-owned business with great food. It was early so I didn't drink but the food was spectacular. We had crab claws, gumbo, hush puppies, stuffed green peppers, a shrimp po' boy, and the best chargrilled oysters in the city (in my opinion and I tried at least 3 different places.) The bread pudding was also DIVINE. I loved that their French bread was soft and buttered. Their sauce for the oysters and claws was finger-licking good. The vibe was light and chill and as we were leaving mid afternoon, there was as a wait. This is a "must-do" when visiting Nola!slightly above average price for this type of food (soul food/New Orleans style) and slightly under average for taste and portion (ok maybe about average...nothing special here)....compared to other places that are cheaper and better...even compared to take-out places on Broad St this is not as good and WAY more expensive.    Over $10 for red beans,,,,with that price better be in the GOOD category and it's not any better than Pop-eyes...SERIOUSLY.   So giving this a 2 star.Pretty awful.  Don't get the raw oysters; they are farm raised and have no flavor.  Fish is crazy overcooked; came out with the texture of chicken.  Sides are pretty terrible; overcooked macaroni that fell apart and cornbread crumble thing is pretty gross.  The carrot soufle was good.Mac and cheese tastes boxed
Green beans taste like it was from a can 
Shrimp, carrot souffle and fish is good
Pasta on the Bayou was good 
Kids meal is worth price 
Drinks are good 
Server was nice 
Parking is crazyLoveee this place. Will definitely come here again next time I visit New Orleans and it's affordable too!!The food is amazing! The waitress we had was very nice too.She even recommended some places to check out for drinks/dancing. And did I mention the food was amazing? Check out Neyow's Creole Cafe you won't regret it.Best creole/soul food in town! Every time I bring someone new to this spot,they fall in love. My mother, who is mostly picky, enjoyed everything. When she first tried the sautéed crab claws, her eyes got big, and she requested bread to eat all the juice lol! 
To me, their chargrilled oysters are better than Dragos! U like mine charred hard and they were perfect! 
Everything is so good!!! As a New Orleanian, we always say "my uncle/mom has the best gumbo" but i even eat the gumbo here! I'm telling you, you won't go wrong ordering here. The macaroni and cheese is the cheesiest ever, P.O. boys are bomb, drinks get you lit, and the desserts are bomb too! My only issue is the raisins in the bread pudding but I ate around that. The beignet sticks are so good with the dipping sauce! A spin from cafe du monde! 
I love the family feel here and It's my first stop when i get to town!Unfortunately as new places often due they start out good and get worse over time. It seems as if they have trouble hiring good wait staff because the service here has made a real turn for the worse. My usual waitress has not been there the last two times I stopped in for lunch which tells me that she is probably gone. Today we sit down and the young lady comes and asks for drinks that were never brought at the same time I put in my food order. Thirty minutes go by and she visits all the other tables but mine and we get completely ignored no drinks, no food. I would have walked out after 15 minutes had I not been distracted by the football game on the television. The food has gotten progressively worse also so I guess this is my last review for Neyows, it was fun while it lasted.First time here for lunch. First of all parking is slim to none. Inside was packed and it was a pretty day so we sat outside. Patio table that we were at was very shaky and needed to be tightened but we just let it be.  
Our waiter was new and it took for ever just to get drinks.  Placed our orders then it took another 30 mins for the food to come, the orders were wrong or missing things and 1 of our friends didn't get her food for 15 mins after us. I didn't get my correct side item until we were finished.  Getting our iced teas refilled rarely happened.  I can say other than my veggies being cold my pork chops and sweet tots were good.  It appeared the other tables were taken care of more frequently than ours.  Tried to get ice tea to go but the outside bar person said they didn't have enough cups.  I went back to my table and we noticed many stacks of cups behind the bar.  Felt out of place at this Creole restaurant.  Won't be back.Another recommendation checked off the South Shore wishlist.  I gave Neyow's five stars on atmosphere and location and 3 stars on food.
So, I'm about 75% raw vegetarian and spend my other 25% on NOLA foods that I can't seem to shake.  So I did the fish with potato salad and hubby got RBAR (red beans and rice).  He hates when I say RBAR, but hey it's my word now.
Anyway, decent food and flavor, but my white fish was horribly over cooked.  It was no longer a light, flaky texture, but I really had to dig in with my fork and knife!  The potato salad, pale in appearance, was okay.  Hubby liked the RBAR with sausage but ordered a second helping of rice.  
The flavor was better than many, but if you mess up RBAR in NOLA, then you really shouldn't even call yourself a cook.  
BTW, I had to try the chargrilled oysters, big on flavor, but apparently size does matter (hubby said he's had nose goo bigger than Neyow's oysters, he really did say another word, but I don't want to gross myself out).  
I'd go back for the lively vibes at Neyow's.  Plus the daily specials--challenge on.As a native of Louisiana, I was excited to try to this restaurant out.  First we waited 30 minutes just for water. Another 20 minutes for my drink (now their house drink was amazing...caution, you should only drink one).  We asked for garlic bread but it never arrived but we were billed for it.  The food was not season well either.  Recommendation:  pass!!!The food is so delicious. I had the combination platter with stuffed shrimp, stuffed crab, mac n cheese, and red beans & rice. Food is fresh and well seasoned! Would definitely visit here again!Me and some people from NADA conferences enjoy excellent food from neyow's smitty express servicesIt is a very rare occasion when I can go to a restaurant and enjoy EVERYTHING I ordered. Starting with the appetizers everything was so well seasoned and delicious. Familiar favorites were suddenly new again. The serving sizes were more than ample and the service was great. After the appetizers, my party was full and delightfully pleased before our entrees came to the table. It was an immediate takeout dinner but who could stand to not indulge further. We were visiting from Florida and if it wasn't for a local in the French Quarter to recommend a place off the beaten path we would have missed this gem that should be listed with the top restaurants in the city - the line outside speaks for itself so come prepared to wait but its worth it!The food was very delicious! My fiancé ordered the 8oz sirloin with fries and cornbread dressing and was not disappointed one bit! I ordered the fried chicken along with parsley potatoes(mashed potatoes) and cornbread dressing! One word: AMAZING! We are from College Station, TX and we were extremely happy with this restaurant! We are definitely coming back here again. We also ordered the homemade bread pudding to go and I give it two thumbs up! If you have the chance, go there!After receiving  several recommendations to try this restaurant we gave it a try. We were very disappointed.  The food was not good at all. I had the stuffed shrimp and crab. The stuffing was not what I expected. Needless to say I left my food untouched. I gave the restaurant two stars because the gumbo was delicious, other than that I would say don't waste your time.Okay! I went here for the first time on a Friday around 1:00pm. Wait time wasnt bad for a party of 5. We were told about 15 minutes but it actually took about 5 minutes. I had the fried fish, cornbread dressing, and mac and cheese. The fish was fried nice and crispy and were 2 large pieces. The cornbread dressing was a bit mushy but well seasoned. It could have had a little more sugar. The mac and cheese was very cheesy. Its the old fashioned spaghetti noodles. I also had the famous Bow Wow punch. The waitress warned me before that it was very very sweet. I assured her that I like very sweet. The drink was $5.50 and came in a large cup, however, I was disappointed. I didnt taste sweetness at all, the drink was more lemon lime tasting that sweet. All in all I may return in the future. It appears that they are working on a new building next door.Waited for an hour with no problem to be seated for 3 people.after an 1hr and 15
 minutes ask the host how long now,she said 1 table in front u,no problem, the problem came when a table of 3 came 30 to 40 minutes after us and was seated before  us,and we asked how and the manager told us "oh their family" What!so u mean to tell me in the middle of y'all dinner rush family vets seated before customers that's been waiting over an hour!!!we walked straight out!will not be back poor customer service..The char grilled oysters are amazing ! Worth the trip for them alone  with a Bow Wow! Great service.I am very pleased with the food, drinks and service. The atmosphere was nice as well. I will make this my favorite spot in NOLA!The grilled oysters were so delicious I will return next time to this cafe. A nice local person recommended this cafe to us. We took her word and I thank her for the fantastic choice. My fried fish combination was very good that night, and also the following day when i finished the rest of my meal. I recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting New Orleans.Yeah oh yeah! This is the real deal! I received so many recommendations to visit this place. We had to wait approximately 30 minutes but there is a bar area and benches outside. The waiting time went by fast because good music was being piped outside. I ordered the gumbo, fried catfish, mac and cheese and green beans. Be mindful that the portions are large and you will continue to stuff yourself because you cant quit eating. Everything was seasoned just how I like it. However, I was not a fan of the loose mac and cheese which is why they did not receive 5 stars. My preference is to have it baked and not prepared on the top of the stove. Oh! I forgot to tell you about the strawberry lemonade. The drink is prepared with the right amount of each ingredient and it is soooo addicting. I had to cut myself off and start drinking water. When you visit just be prepared to leave your worries at home and enjoy immersing yourself into some good ole' food.This place was recommended to me by my Uber driver. I Love the atmosphere. The music and vibe is very chill. The service was perfect, our food came quickly, there wasn't a wait to eat. The food was amazing, seasoned to perfection. Out of all the places I've eaten in New Orleans this was my favorite by far. Highly recommend!Came here and got EXACTLY what we wanted. The red beans are amazing and the OYSTERS ARE SUPERB!!! Ask for Mr. Jerry you'll love his hospitality. True spirit of New Orleans. Thank ya'll!Got recommended to go here from our nice Uber driver while in New Orleans for the essence festival 2017
The place was packed but they had a good system with handing out beepers as well as we found out that there were no reservations needed if we found a seat at the bar
So within a half hour we found seats at the bar and proceeded to have a delicious meal and drinks at Neyows
I also enjoyed the musician who was a violinist that they had at the restaurant playing all the classics R & B for a Saturday evening At the end of our meal as we were heading out we were fortunate to meet the owner and told him how delightful our bartender was and really everyone at the restaurant 
He thanked us and spoke to us for a few minutes until our ride came
If you want a great atmosphere with great music and lively people
Stop by NeyowsWow! If you ever wasn't some good 'ol Cajun food, this is the place! We started off with the sautéed crab claws. Sooooo delicious!! I wanted more lol. For my entree, I ordered the fried pork chop with the red beans & rice. The chop was very flavorful, I would order it again. My boyfriend ordered the ribeye steak and he really enjoyed it. Said it was seasoned well. We also had to try the famous Bow Wow drinks. They were pretty good and potent.This place was recommended by plenty of people. (Stress the plenty) I was originally quoted an hour wait time, but that was not the case. The outside bartender was slightly rude but the inside is quite the opposite. My food was so rich in flavor. I started with a the char grilled oysters, worked my way to the shrimp Neyow style, and finished strong with the homemade bread-pudding. The real R&B playing in the background gave the place a nice vibe. Warning the bow wow punch isn't for the weak.Absolutely amazing. Had the seafood platter with Mac & cheese + green beans, charbroiled oysters,and a "bow wow" rum punch... Well seasoned, great catfish, and oysters are NEXT Level! Enjoy!!!!Loved it here I'm from Orlando and came here for a graduation dinner everything was very tasty. Redbeans was delicious but it was hard to eat on a plate should be served in a cup for a better experience. Service was good just took very long to get our order in. We are on the patio which had large fans and was very nice. Order a side of hush puppies and cornbread dressin you won't regret it!Amazing. Absolutely amazing food. This place offers real-deal New Orleans-style cooking and the food couldn't be better. Between my husband and I, we had an oyster poboy, fried chicken, side of hush puppies and dressing. The atmosphere is laid-back with really colorful artwork on the walls, and our server was attentive but not annoying or pushy. We'll definitely go back - and soon!Very cozy neighborhood Creole restaurant. Smothered Chicken, Creamed Spinach, Rice & Gravy, $7.75! Very tasty.
Server, Katee, cute as a button and very sweet. We have a special needs family member, and they were very accommodating. We will bel back.A true Creole landmark. Be sure to try the shrimp creole.I didn't have the chargrilled oysters but our food was just not great. Liquidy red beans and shrimp creole. The service wasn't great. And whoever picked those massive chairs for that small space has no special reasoning.Pleasant lunch break ~ Babygirl's recommendation & TREAT.  I so love her!!! Seriously this is a new favorite in NOLA. Great service, amazing dishes.  Sautéed crab claws and chargrilled oysters to start.Another place with great potential that's just not quite there yet. Slow, untrained wait staff unable to handle the pace of a Friday night; well seasoned food that was badly plated with super mediocre sides. Warm beer in warm glasses. Long story short---  3 stars for promising food. Not much else was worth a second visit.During my recent visit to NOLA, this was one of my favorite restaurants that we dined at. All of the New Orleans staples(red beans and rice, jambalaya, shrimp creole, etc) were cooked and prepared to perfection. We arrived right when they opened, which turned out to be a great decision as by the time we left the place was packed. As a southerner, the mac and cheese left a little to be desired but I wont hold that against them. It will definitely be a place I visit whenever I'm in New Orleans.I came here on a Saturday afternoon around 1:30p with a group of 6 friends. When we arrived, we were kindly greeted and told there would be a wait of about 20-30minutes. The restaurant is very mom and pop style (very tight space) so we waited outside. After 20 minutes, our party was seated. The server was pleasant. The food is what you come to Neyow's for. This was my second visit. I'm pretty sure everything on the menu is fantastic, but YOU MUST TRY THE STUFFED BELL PEPPERS! As a southern raised gal, I must admit, these are literally the best peppers I have ever had (sorry grandma). The peppers are very soft and tender so you can actually eat them, and they are stuffed with shrimp, crab meat, and ground beef. Have you ever had a meal that's so good that you keep eating it even though you were full 20 bites ago? Yeah, that's what this dish will do. Kudos to the bartender as well. Their old fashioned is great.Must order the oysters! Soooo good. Garlicy and delicious. Service was good as well. We shared the catfish as well. Flaky and very well seasoned. Anything you order will be great.LOVED IT! This is a true local spot, my friends and I had a great final night in NOLA dinner. the wait was a bit long, but it was super busy so we didn't mind. The food was very tasty and the drinks were huge! our server was awesome too considering we had a table of about 10 people. I can't wait to go back on my text trip down!Awful service, Surly  and incomplete.  Stay away.  Food was ok.  Maybe they just don't like white folksThe chargrilled oysters were great and nicely seasoned! The gumbo was also very flavorful. The shrimp and catfish were also great. One thing I did not like were the sides. I tried the Mac and cheese, cornbread dressing, sweet potato tots and the green beans. The only one that was decent were the sweet potato tots. All in all, I enjoyed the food and ambiance.We aren't from New Orleans and was looking for some authentic food away from all the "touristy" traps. We asked a local who recommended Neyow's. It was a short trolley ride away from the French quarter and definitely worth it!I have to give a special shout out to Christopher W. for my discovery of this spot. I have seen him check in here multiple times which lead me to looking at the menu which lead me to stopping in on a rainy Saturday night.
The rain did not keep the people away and the place was packed when we stopped in at around 8. We were given a 50 minute wait and sent to the bar to get some drinks. Lucky us, some people were getting up right as we got there, so we sat down and decided to eat at the bar.
The bartender was super sweet and she never stopped. She was taking orders at the bar, taking phone orders, serving drinks and getting to-go orders together. A smile never left her face and she never missed a beat. I wish I had gotten her name because she was a pro!
I decided to get the fried oysters with potato salad and mac and cheese. My food came quickly and I eagerly dug in. Okay, it's obvious why this place is so popular- this food is just like homemade. The mac and cheese was nice and gooey, the oysters were fried and  generous and the potato salad was amazing. I polished off the mac and cheese and potato salad in no time. I ate half of the oysters and boxed up the rest.
They also have a house drink called the Pow Wow. If you finish it, you get the next one half off, but don't be a hero. I didn't get one, but I saw the bartender making them and they are probably 90% liquor. It is seriously no joke. I wanted to try one, but I'm not crazy.
I will absolutely return to Neyow's! I loved the food and the staff is great.Omg! My cousin brought me here when I was visiting. The catfish was fried and seasoned to perfection. I had to return the beans because they may have had pork in them( I don't eat pork). The Mac n cheese was decent. I had the crawfish balls to go; i reheated them at my hotel and they were eye-rolling good with the dipping sauce that comes with it. I will definitely be back when I visit New Orleans again.I went to Neyow's Creole Café for dinner last Friday and it was quite the opposite of the experience I'd enjoyed for lunch earlier this month.  I sincerely hope that it was merely a result of the restaurant being sparsely occupied during my earlier visit, as opposed to being jam packed on Friday evening.  The difference though was most probably due to my choice of menu items.  For my lunch visit I had a chef salad which included all fresh ingredients that required very little preparation.  For my Friday evening meal, I had grilled shrimp with side orders of parsley potatoes and carrot soufflé.  The Friday meal of course required cooking and it just wasn't prepared very well.
We ordered two bottled beers, 1/2 dozen of oysters on the 1/2 shell and 1/2 dozen of char-grilled oysters.  Both oyster options were great and we polished them off in no time flat.  However, due to the large number of patrons on hand, we waited quite a while for our entrées to arrive, so that by the time they finally arrived, I was not about to send mine's back to have it redone correctly.  Instead, I accepted a meager amount of shrimp in the middle of a large dinner platter, with some sort of dark brown sauce decoratively drizzled over the open spaces of the platter.  On one end of the platter was a scoop of carrot soufflé and on the other end of the platter was a serving spoon of parsley potatoes.  Worse yet, the grilled shrimp were overcooked with the tails still on, and I had to chew the shrimp out of the shells because I was not able to pull the overcooked shrimp out of the shells.
I would have fared much better had I ordered the smothered okra with fried chicken as did Ann, who had too much to eat.  I, on the other hand was still hungry when we departed.Food was ok. I ordered the shrimp creole, but didn't  care for it too much. The Bow Wow drink is good though. Be prepared to wait. I don't know if was because of Essence Fest, but there was a long wait. #thanksforreadingI'm only going to give this place a 4/5 because the dish I ordered was delicious for someone who was food deprived. Tried some of the charbroiled oysters and the butter garlic sauce was delicious. Im a fan of the crawfish etoufe, so the Shrimp creole was the closest to it and it was delicious! The Mac & Cheese aren't traditional. Service was slow and food took almost 1 hour to get our food, but we were a party of 11 so understandable but the location is prone to large groups so hoping they fix their workflow in situations like these. The Bow Wow drink is one to try, ambiance is very homesy and shooting the breeze type of feels. Music is cool, definitely adds to the dimension, that's why I gave them a 4 instead of 3.Cant come to Nawlins without stopping here.  We were starving and came here because we knew we would get delicious food.   Started off with their delicious chargrilled oysters.   For entrees we had stuffed shrimp, catfish, fried shrimp etc.   The only complaint I have is the green beans tasted liked canned green beans.   They had no flavor at all.  Will return again and again.  Server was very attentive also!Everything is so yummy! I ordered the charbroiled oysters and the pasta with shrimp and crawfish and added an additional catfish fillet to the dish. It was absolutely amazingly delicious and I will definitely be back! The waiter was amazing at making recommendations and took really good care of us!The food is prettty good! Bailey our server was AMAZING!! THE SERVICE is fantastic!!! The bowo wow drink has 80 shota of alcohol so be careful!!! But it was delicious and fruity! Pork chops were good! Potato salad is fantastic!!! Cornbread dressing tasty.. Ive come to terms that New Orleans people dont really know how to make mac and cheese.. It was basically spaghetti in some kind of creamy Velveeta like concoction. Ive noticee its really the same with all the restaurant's here. They dont know good baked mac and cheese like their Mississippi, Alabama, Chicago counterparts. But I guess that why they know red beans and rice, jambalaya, ETC. The jazzy wings were very tasty, fried!!! Redfish was overcooked and dry and the lemon butter sauce was sweet. The carrot souffle was tasty, tasted like a sweet potato pie! Would def go again!New Orleans don't owe me nothing, thanks to Neyow's. My friends and I had dinner here for my birthday, and boy I'll tell you I was not disappointed. My coworker recommended the Bow Wow which I think is their signature drink, so I ordered that first. We had the char-grilled oysters for our appetizer and the fried pork chops with red beans and rice for dinner. Maaaan the oysters were ever-ree-thing! The pork chops were delicious as well. I left thoroughly satisfied. I was mad that I waited until my last night in town to try it out. I can't wait to go back to New Orleans and eat here again. I would've given it 5 stars but the table waiting system was not up to par and we had to wait longer than we should have. That was the only glitch.Just left from here and let me tell you this place is amazing!! The food was on point! Red beans and Rice were delicious, fried chicken wasn't greasy but super crispy, crawfish balls appetizers we ended up ordering another plate, Poboys were a hot! I'm a Louisiana native transplanted to California and brought back a crew of friends to show them the local favorites and it was a hit! Our waited Desmond was so accommodating and polite! Excellent service, Thank you Desmond for showing my friends the amazing southern hospitality that I've been raving to them about!! We are only here 6 days and stopped here the first night, it will definitely not be the only visit!!  5 stars cause there was not one thing to fuss about!!My friend and I came here and was able to use a restaurant.com coupon. Gosh, I am such a sucker for coupons. Anyway, because of all the yelpers, we ordered the fried chicken, mac and cheese and also the fried seafood platter. Everything was fried except for the mac and cheese and the green beans. It wasn't too greasy for fried food, so that's a plus. The mac and cheese was solid, but not the best out there. With all the gourmet mac and cheeses out there, the thing that sticks out from Neyow's mac and cheese is that it's very traditional -- kind of like a better version of Easy Mac.A lot of rules for a restaurant without white tablecloths. 18% gratuity is automatically added to your bill for a party of 5 or more (we had 4 adults and 2 small kids). We had to take 2 separate cars so while searching for parking, the other 2 adults arrived to get a table. They wouldn't seat us without the entire party being present. We ordered our drinks (2 for 1 is a great happy hour idea, except if you get 2 beers they give you both so you have 1 ice cold and one room temperature--could've also been the time limit on happy hour) and received our waters (without requested lemons) and ordered our food (modified 2 meals-no tomatoes on the poboy, and only cheese on the burger). Our food arrived after 15min, and we had to ask for our alcoholic beverages twice before getting them. The restaurant was moderately busy but there were 4 servers standing near the hostess, a more mature woman who kept eyeballing our table after one of the first adults to arrive made a fuss about not being seated while waiting for the other members to arrive; and 3 more near the bar. 
The poboy was cold, had tomato on it. When the server was asked why it was cold he simply said "the made it and put it in the oven." 
The food flavor was pretty good, the 2 stars were because our server was very nice and the 2 for 1 HH. I believe her name started with a "C"? Younger female with nice blue nails. 
Nice that celebrities visit here but I hope the service quality increases and unless white tablecloths are added to the décor, ease up on the rules folks.I came here on a Friday afternoon around 1pm. We only had about a 10 minute wait. The place is small inside but they are in the process of building another Neyows location next door. The seating inside is minimal at the moment with 8 tables that seat 4 people and about 10 tables that seat 2 people. The food here is good. I had the combination platter with fried catfish and shrimp and Mac n cheese and sweet potato tots. My mother had BBQ ribs while my aunt had the Grilled catfish with smothered okra and potato salad for her sides. The smothered okra was extremely soupy and tasted very similar to gumbo. The service that we received was mediocre. Would I recommend this place? Yes. Would I go out of my way for it? No. Maybe once they rebuild it'll get better. But until then.....This restuarant was recommended to me when i attended the BIG Conference 12- 17 August 2018....all i can say is DELICIOUS HOME COOK CREOLE FOOD.  I will definitly be eating here again this week.Neyow's service is horrible! The staff does not attend to their customers. You have to try and flag them down, because their too busy conversing among each other. The food is tasty, but sometimes hot food is lukewarm when it get's to the table. The owner really need to train his wait staff to serve the customers with honor and respect. I'm done with Neyow's!My 5 friends and I went here as a recommendation of a native and we were all very happy with the taste and and portions of our food.  We all kind of shared each other's food so we could try different things. The atmosphere was very casual and our waiter was very nice.  We were also greeted immediately and seated in less than 5 minutes. I'll start with the appetizer. We ordered the chargrilled oysters and they started the trip off quite nicely! Lol we were all hungry after driving/flying in that when these oysters hit our lips, all was well, that and seeing each other too. Lol Anyhow, I ordered the shrimp on the bayou, someone ordered the seafood platter, combination platter and shrimp creole.   My favorite was the catfish and the stuffed crab from the seafood platter.  You just cannot go wrong with that seafood platter! Ever hung was so good, seasoned and cooked well! The shrimp on the bayou was so creamy plenty of good tasting sauce! It is also a great choice! I didn't care for the shrimp creole, maybe because it was last for me to try but it wasn't bad. This is a great spot to try if you are in the area and I'm sure you will enjoy it. Lastly, now we are all greedy but 5 out of six of us took doggy bags. And it tasted great later on as well, even though I was a little buzzed! Smh Definitely a good eat!This place came highly recommended from a friend of mine. Given the fact that I had just eaten elsewhere I only ate some bread pudding.
The cutomer service in this place was pretty good. The waiter was a nice guy, very attentive, and checked up on us often. So yes the customer service was pretty decent.
Like I said earlier I tried the bread pudding. It was very delicious! I really liked the sauce they put on it. It was like the bread pudding was infused with the same sauce, Very, very good. In fact I have only found one other place in this city that does bread pudding better than this place. But I won't mention it in this review.
I noticed this place has a full bar so I guess you can get your drink on. I definitely liked the decor of this place. Especially the alligators at the front of the building.
In short great food,decor and customer service!The food is just straight up awesome. It's good down home cooking. Everything about it is New Orleans. I mean go there with some patience but the food is worth the wait. Besides from being slow everyone there is super friendly. To top it off their chargrilled oysters are the best in the city.Went here with friends who know all the good spots in the N.O.  I have to say - this place is nice..... a little confusing that they have a reception hall with their name across the street, but I figured it out..... 
The place itself is classic New Orleans - inviting, down home.  My party was already seated so I went right in but there was a wait outside.  I ordered a Bow Wow - a drink that has enough alcohol to lay out a dedicated drunk for a day  - and no, I don't remember much after my entree arrived (whoops!)  they say if you can finish one you get the second for half price - yea - if you finish one, you might not be fit to walk out!  LOL  I got their grilled fish which was good and they had chargrilled oysters that were VERY good - I can't say they were the best in the world because the next night we were at Drago's and umm.... yea - so anyway, they are very good here.  WINNER!!!A native to New Orleans recommended this restaurant to me before my trip down for Mardi Gras. The service was initially very slow because there was a mix up with the waiters, and we had to literally flag someone down to wait on us. However, once we finally got our food we were all blown away. We ordered the crawfish balls and the chargrilled oysters for starters. I don't eat oysters but the crawfish balls were amazing and my friends who ate the oysters said it was delicious (very garlic-y). For my entree, I ordered the fried chicken (dark meat) with the cornbread dressing and the mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was not what I was expecting but very cheesy so I enjoyed it. The cornbread dressing though is a MUST HAVE. It was amazing. I also ordered the fruit punch which was very sweet but very good, and I able to take it home in a to-go cup. The waiter didn't charge us for drinks because of the wait which I thought was nice. Long story short, you'll probably wait a while to be served/to eat but the food is bomb.Wow- the charbroiled oysters is all I can say! Cute setup the food was fantastic! Had a local friend bring us here and it was unbelievable! Outside of French quarter but worth the drive!It's been a while since i've visited my beloved Neyow's and yesterday i got an urge only that kitchen staff could fulfill. I had a couple other friends tag along with me (it was their first time) we originally tried to go to Willie Mae's but the line was an incredulous line and it was raining so i suggested we come here so they could get their fried chicken fix. In fact it was my first time trying the fried chicken here and it was just perfect. I had mine with sides of macaroni n cheese and carrot soufflé. Gave me that perfect Saturday evening itis that one could ask for.
Woke up late that day so by this being my first meal of the day, i surprisingly had room for dessert.Coffee and the bread pudding. Get it. You're welcome. Thank me later.EXCELLENT!!! This is the best food I have ever had in NOLA. We waited 3 hours to eat the first time and over 1 hour the second time but that wait was so worth it. The charbroiled oysters are EVERYTHING. The Bow Wow fruit punch was potent and yummy. I will return here every time I am in town and I highly recommend this spot!!!Great atmosphere. Had shrimp creole and fried chicken. Great place to eat outside of the tourist area. Just a chill place. Everyone should try it.So good!!! Everything we had was insanely good, though the chargrilled oysters were the best. Owner even came up and said hello! The wait time is well worth it. Best place we ate in Nola!Omgggg everything was good!  The chargrilled oysters are amazing... our server Devon was great and everything he suggested we tried and was not disappointed.The food was amazing! Due to the Essence Festival the wait was really long but thankfully on Monday we were able to get a table! If you're in NOLA I definitely recommend !Look, the food is good, and this place is clearly a mecca of authentic creole cuisine. I read every yelp review before making plans to go to Neyow's for dinner, and was so excited to try it. However, the service was godawful. Point blank. Not just your usual New Orleans-slow, which I know irritates a lot of people who are new to the city. No- this was a whole new level of terrible service.  
First, our waitress takes our drink, appetizer, and entree orders. My bf and I both order Pimm's Cups, and one of our friends orders a High Life. The waitress goes to the bar, then comes back to the table to ask me out to spell Pimm's and tells me that the bartender is "slow"(???). She heads back to the bar, then returns to tell me they don't know what a Pimm's Cup is. Ok. It's a classic New Orleans cocktail but ok. My bf and I both order gin and tonics, not a big deal. 
The appetizer comes, and she serves us a plate of chargrilled oysters without silverware or small plates. That's cool, it was busy and people forget things. So I ask for silverware, and she begrudgingly brings some to the table.
After about half an hour, our cocktails had still not come out. I ask the waitress if the bar was still working on them and the waitress tells me, "I don't know. I guess I'll go see." Good idea. Then she comes back to the table to tell me that the gin and tonics were at the bar but not the beer. Then, she goes back to the bar again, and comes back with our gin and tonics as well as a Miller Lite, and asks our friend who ordered the High Life, "is this fine?" Which, yeah, that's fine, but is that what we were waiting for? The bottle of beer? I was just confused. 
Also, at this point, I had also seen our waitress serve a girl at the table next to us a plate of pasta and no silverware, then go to the kitchen for roughly 10 minutes while the girl had to sit there, staring at her food, waiting for the waitress to come back to a table near ours so that she could flag her down and ask for a fork. 
Like I said, the food is good, and the prices are very reasonable. My red beans and rice was tasty, and the bite I took of my bf's poboy was truly divine. However, I would not go so far as to say that their oysters are the best in the city. Honestly, I had much better ones a few days prior, up the street at Katie's. Which is where I'll be heading next time I'm looking for creole fare.Went to restaurant Monday and Hostess was very very rude. She became mad because we didn't want her to squeeze 5 people in a small booth which made us uncomfortable and stated she could not put tables together. There were several empty tables so we suggested put 3 of us at one table and 2 at another as both tables were next to each other. She said no and offered to put us in two booths and we said no. So she threw menus on the 2 tables and left. No policy to please the customers at this restaurant.Soooooo glad we came here before leaving New Orleans.  The food was soooooooo damn good. 
Gumbo - on point!
Chargrilled Oysters - delish! And I don't do Oysters.
Red Beans & rice - yummy!
Fried chicken - great! Skin was everything.
Fried cat fish - sooooo good!!!
Green Beans - tasty
Mac n cheese - ok
Bow Wow - strong as hell but tasty
Our waitress, Victoria was great.  
Would definitely come back for sure!!!!We went here on the suggestion of my niece who is attending college in the area. We had to wait about 20 minutes on a Thursday night at 8pm. We were told to hurry and put our order in for drinks and food as the kitchen closes at 9. We ordered the sauteed crab claws appetizer and 6 grilled oysters. My party really enjoyed the oysters. I liked the crab claws but the liquor was not cooked off. I wanted the smothered chicken special, but they were out. We waited 40 minutes for our order of seafood pasta, fried chicken and the seafood combo. The chicken arrived with the drumettes from the wing and a small thigh. The server said that is how it comes. The mac and cheese was not elbow pasta but cheesy. At 9:50, people were still being seated and ordering. The  room was very noisy and they had to hunt for silverware. Not a good first visit.Finally tried this place for the first time recently and was really impressed. I had the mustard greens and fried chicken with killer corn bread for $7 or $8, was really good for the price, will definitely be going back to try some of the other daily specials.On my second trip to NOLA during Jazz Fest, a friend of mine raved about this place.  But owing to the ADD I suffer from whenever I am in New Orleans, I was not able to come to this place last May. So when I came back this July, we made sure that this would be the spot where we would go to for my first meal in town.
And this place is pretty spot-on. Neyow's is very much a neighborhood joint. Excepting yours truly, I don't think there was a single tourist during our entire meal. The waiter was friendly but never intrusive and we never had to call his attention to get our drinks refilled.  
For our appetizer, we ordered the charbroiled oysters and the butter sauce was sooo good. My friends and I fought over the bread (very good in itself) with which to soak all that goodness (I won, since I am the tourist!). The seafood platter is HUGE and my California appetite disappointed me yet again. I only finished a third of the plate!  Their mac and cheese was very good, and I think that using angel hair (someone mentioned spaghetti noodles, but I think it is thinner than spaghetti) is a great move since it absorbed much more of the flavor.
The fried chicken that one of my friends ordered was really very delicious that I ended up giving him the evil eye the entire time we were eating -- that is really saying something since this evil eye was delivered while I was enjoying my fantastic food (really, I had no good reason to be a hater other than the fact that he was eating really good fried chicken and I was not).
I would go back and next time, I would get the fried chicken.Visiting New Orleans with some of my sisters and decided to visit this spot which is definitely a must see. 
Unlike many of my other reviews I will get straight to the point . Mainly because I got something rather simple which was a Shrimp and Oyster Po Boy. It was good, great even.  I would say it was missing something, maybe like a special sauce. But who am I ? However , I do wish I got something a little more daring. Oh well next time. 
Experience was good.
- Tempting TasteI'm definitely have never been a stranger to Neyow's. Everything about Neyow's makes me happy and gives me that comfort food I need and desire and long for. When I think of Neyow's Hero by Mariah Carey often comes to mind.
My favorite meal at this location consists of the Combo Catfish and Shrimp with Mac and Cheese and Sweet Potato Tots. I need to start with the Mac and Cheese; it's the right amount of cheesy and creamy. The ratio is perfect and they should teach a class on this perfect ratio. The catfish and shrimp are truly flavorful and crisp for perfection. The sweet potatoes tots were a first of its kind for me and its tasty trips to pop in your mouth.
I also love the char-grilled oysters. This actually the place that started me to like char-grilled oysters with the yummy Parmesan on tight you really can't go wrong.
I think this is a great location for laid back business meetings, nice friend outings and group outings for about 8 people.
There is street parking and now a lot directly across the street available for parking so it shouldn't be too many issues in that department.
Never had any issues with customer service. Friendly Staff for dining in and takeout.  There is a 25 cent take out charge FYI.Great place to go for an elegant date. Beautiful location in Mid-City. Quality food.Neyow's was highly recommended so while visiting New Orleans, my friends and I went one night for dinner.  There was a long wait, including after we were seated at our table, but the food was well worth the wait.  I ordered the Southern Fried Chicken with the Carrot Soufflé and Parsley Potatoes as my sides.  The food was hot, and my fried chicken was absolutely delicious.  It is their specialty dish.  The carrot soufflé was also incredible, and it tasted like sweet whipped yams, with a small taste of carrots.  I'd definitely recommend the southern fried chicken and carrot soufflé, and would love to eat at Neyow's again during a future trip.Chargrilled oysters are a must! I have been here on several occasions. The fried catfish is really good also. This time I had the chargrilled oysters to start. The oysters are large and the sauce is delicious! I followed that with smothered okra, which is a Friday special. This was a bit watery, but the flavor was good. 
My sisters had the gumbo. One didn't like the first bite, but after that she thought it was pretty good. My niece and daughter had pasta. I forget which pastas but they both looked a little watery. They tasted good though. 
I split the Neyow's punch with my niece because it was 32oz and boy was it strong! I hear the non-alcoholic version is pretty sweet. 
In a nutshell, I try to stop in everytime I am visiting home in New Orleans.Neyow's food is so good. It tastes like your mawmaw and aunties are in the kitchen cooking on a Sunday after church. I highly recommend ordering the special, no matter what day it is. My favourites are the smothered okra and shrimp, stuffed bell peppers, and red beans. The mac and cheese is the best I have ever eaten in my life and they use spaghetti noodles (very NOLA). If you need a drink, try the punch but be careful, it'll sneak up on you.The owner of Montrel's also owns this place. I got a plate with mac & cheeeeeese (It was delighful). I also got the stuffed crab- it was average. My friend got the fried chicken (he was lickin his fingers. The potato salad and crawfish balls were also yumtastick. I also heard the fried catfish was pretty crisp and KICKIN. 
Lagniappe:If you dine on a Saturday, go early. 
HH  is from 4-7 Mon - Fri. Also, beer selection is just Budweiser ;~)I go here once a month. They have some of the best food in New Orleans.
Its a must that you order the charbroiled oysters and a fruit punch with your entree. Service is always great.5 Stars for the food -1/2 * for the rude & unfriendly green haired bartender. Our driver that picked us up from the airport recommended this spot, since he was a local and knew all things Nawlin's. the Wife and me decided to take the trolley from our hotel in French Quarter on Friday for lunch. There was a 40 minute wait, so I went to the bar to get a drink, having worked in almost every capacity in the restaurant biz, I know a surly server/bartender when I encounter one, this young lady was so rude I almost left. I'm glad we stayed cause our waitress was great and the food was excellent we had  the Neyow's Extravaganza Dinner for 2 @ $56 bucks it was worth every buck. We look forward to going back next time we're in New Orleans.Eating a Lil lunch and having some drinks. The oysters were excellent. I had the pork chops with red beans and rice which was greatThe Oysters! Order the whole dozen minimum ... The establishment looks awesome with the expansion and the drinks are New Orleans classics! Try the signature Bow Wow! It won't disappoint but make sure you have a designated driver ... every dish is so tasty! My tastebuds literally had an orgasm!!! If you are ever in the 504 it's a must stop! The wait can be up to an hour easily but it's worth the wait ... don't try Acme or Drago's ... if you want chargrilled Oysters come to Neyow's!!!This is my second time dining at Neyow's and I can't wait to try something different.
The one thing that will remain consistent is the bow wow.  
The oysters on the half shell are fresh and the crawfish balls are a treat!!!!
Since I couldn't decide between the bbq shrimp and the stuffed shrimp, I'm getting both! I'll take a pictureThe food was great. I had the carrot side and it was soooo good - tasted like sweet potatoes.I was so excited to try this place after looking at the reviews and I must say I was kind of disappointed. We of course had to order the bow wow lunch to see what it was all about. Honestly, it's not s tasty drink. But it does get the job done. It's a huge cup of alcohol with some fruit punch concentrate to top it off for $11 a cup. I didn't mind the price because that's how much my shot of Jack Daniels cost the night before smh. Don't order this expecting it to taste amazing. If you order it with the goal of feeling warm and fuzzy inside, it'll be fine. 
For food I had the stuffed shrimp with green beans and mac and cheese and I also shared the chargrilled oysters with a friend. The stuffed shrimp was disappointing. It just wasn't as delicious as I was expecting. The green beans were not seasoned at all and my mom's taste better. The mac and cheese is not mad with the usual macaroni noodles and it tastes like they use Velveeta...not a fan. 
All in all, food was decent.From Chicago always wanting to taste the different flavors of NOLA. This place here is off the charts. They should have wheelchair service after you eat...The food is do look good, sauteed crab claws, catfish,red beans and rice, charbroiled oysters...you won't be disappointed, you'll come back for moreHave been coming here a lot.  But the 3rd horrible service in a row is my last straw. 30 minutes to take a drink order.  They never served us our oysters and apps. In our party of 3, 2 of the dishes were served and one was not.  I asked what happened and he tried to blame the kitchen. The kitchen staff is great, it's the servers that absolutely are the worst in New Orleans and that's saying a lot.  He lied, and he later said it was him that forgot to put everything in, though we saw him write everything down on his notepad.   Its just getting too annoying to come here.  I get it when you are busy but customer service would go a long way. Other people were angry with the service.  At some point i won't be surprised when people stop coming and that's sad.Arrived in NOLA anxious to taste the flavors of The Big Easy Neyow"s Cafe did not disappoint! Everything we offered was delicious!!I had the crawfish and shrimp pasta , chargrilled oysters and file' gumbo!!! All of these menu items were "to die for!" Our server Brandy!! Was excellent! She was engaging, attentive and friendly!! 5 starts from Atlanta!!!!!!! We will be back!!Neyow's is to New Orleans what Roscoe's Chicken & waffles is to Los Angeles. It was pouring down raining, a flash flood warning, and the place was still packed. We had the shrimp creole and half & half po boy. Everything  was as expected. Eating at Neyow's should be a priority.Everything here is great! It's a great place to get some New Orleans style soul food, whether Creole or Cajun. The drinks are also delicious.Went back the other day and got the red beans and rice with fried chicken. The chicken didn't impress me as much as how great the red beans were. Huge portions at an excellent price that you can't beat anywhere for a sit down restaurant in the city. I highly recommend the beans and the pork chops are better than the fried chicken.New location next door. Well, new to me. It's been a while since I was here...the food, well, I think it was much better last time I was here. Don't get me wrong, I still enjoyed it, but I remember a more expansive menu...but, that was also a while ago. 
Down to it: 
1. We started with the chargrilled oysters. These were nothing short of delicious. The flavors all were merry and they sang songs of freedom as they danced around my mouth. The only drawback was size. We had the same at Felix's a day prior and they were huuuge!!! These were the children of those. 
2. Next was the fried balls of goodness. These crawfish balls were everything you would dream of. They were amazing. The mix of crabmeat and crawfish tails is exactly what you expect...a first class ticket to that golden place you dream of.
3. Last, we had the BBQ Shrimp. Okay, these came out piping hot. They were a bit tough to peel because of the heat, but oh well...I guess my hands will just have to be hot. Once peeled, its only customary to re-dip them back in the sauce. If you do not do this and let them soak, you're missing the experience. Fantastic way to cap an evening meal.
The bottom line, I'm a fan. The place is still good. The service was decent, but it's New Orleans, all service is decent. Lol. Happy eating everyone!!Had the fried chicken with red beans and rice and cornbread dressing. The red beans and rice were just okay but the chicken and dressing were pretty tasty. We also had the chargrilled oysters and they were definitely a hit....yummygoodness indeed! I don't have to come back here next time I'm in the city, but it was cool.I was there about a week ago with large group.  The red beans and rice were delicious!!  The grilled oysters were good (a bit on the cheesy side, though).
The service was a little spotty, however.  Our greeter was polite, but also acted like he really didn't want to be there.  He was the one who took our drink orders, then later took our meal order - with another waiter.  Our waitress was the opposite - very personable and smiley - but she didn't take our order, nor did she do the main service.  She checked in on us at the beginning and the end of our dinner, but ultimately, I was confused as to who our main server was.  This is one area where Neyow's could improve.
The atmosphere was alright.  We sat on the enclosed patio and I was thankful that it wasn't noisy.  We were able to have a reasonable conversation over dinner.  I could tell inside was a bit louder, though.  But the place was pretty packed, so that's good.
I would definitely go to Neyow's again, but they could stand to train and organize their service staff a little better.Wow what a find. Super nice staff. The creole shrimp was absolutely delicious -- succulent and buttery with good spice. Fried chicken was moist and fantastic. Bow Wow signature drink was good too - not too sweet. Great authentic New Orleans food with pretty much all locals.Gimme all the seafood. Got the stuffed crab on a slightly hungover Monday. It was busy for lunch but we also had a large group of people and waited about 15 minutes. All of the food was delicious and a local recommended this spot. It's nice to get a little farther from the super touristy area and get some New Orleans yummyness.Hands down this place serves the best greens and catfish I have ever had in a restaurant. Get there early bc all the good food runs out earlyPlace was packed, on a Thursday at 4pm.  We snagged a table and waited for WAY too long for a server - because there was one.  Yes, one.  The inside was full, and the patio seating had a group taking up 4 tables, and there was ONE SERVER.  We had delicious food, we had the server apologizing, we had a food runner checking on us and apologizing, we had the bartender bringing drinks to our table and apologizing.   
Nice place, nice staff, nice clientele.
But the management/owners REALLY need splash out another $2.13 per hour for an extra server at supper.  If they cannot afford that, then they need to close up shop.  The staff was all over the place, killing themselves to make sure everybody had everything and nobody felt neglected, they were superstars.  Too bad they were set up to fail and given impossible workloads by management weenies.Friendly service and delicious seafood. The char-grilled oysters are a must when eating here and the fried oysters are up there as well!Service was great, food was even better. The waiter Tony made a great recommendation, he definitely knows what is good. I would recommend this place to everyone!!Neyow's is a great place to eat in MidCity--the service is good and the food is even better.  Just had the seafood platter which came with shrimp, oysters, catfish and stuffed crab.  I chose mac and cheese for both of my sides because I really like their version--creamy not curdled.  I've had the fried chicken in the past that was also tasty.  The NYPost recently mentioned Neyow's in the following article
http://www.nypost.com/p/blogs/onthego/eats_new_orleans_3hmkUDACikBEnGkjWxpgWN
For the tourists in town, it's conveniently located within a block of the Canal Streetcar on Jeff Davis.Service is amazing, drinks are strong, food is wonderful. A must visit when you come to New Orleans.On a recent family trip my family and I made it a point to go to Neyow's after seeing them featured on the travel channel. What we ordered was: fried chicken, fried catfish, hush puppies, stuffing, potato salad, jambalaya, mac n cheese and carrot soufflé. My husband also had some sort of shrimp dish.  The fried chicken and the fried catfish were good, the stuffing was also good.  As a whole our table did not enjoy the Mac n cheese, as it was chopped up spaghetti and nothing at all like southern baked Mac n cheese. The hush puppies were dry. Jambalaya was ok. We absolutely hated the potato salad and the carrot soufflé. The carrot soufflé was disgusting. Now that we've tried Neyow's we would not go back.Another one of my boyfriend & I's favorite restaurants!!! The food is freaking superb! I strongly suggest the grilled shrimp and grilled fish combo platter or go on Wednesdays to get 1 of 3 daily specials. I normally get the steak on Wednesdays.This place is terrible! Do not waste your dimes here. The service was rediculously slow and the food was regular! My margarita tasted like dish water. Very bad experience!Amazing food! Great prices. Atmosphere was wonderful. Next time I am in New Orleans, I will stay closer to Neyow's Creole Cafe.
The cornbread dressing was the best I have ever had!!!Unreal!!!!!!!!!!!! Hands down the best sea food I have ever ate!!!! The drink Bow Wow was unrealListen i had the charbroiled oysters and bbq shrimp. I left there happy and full.  Looking forward to my next visitFood was so damn good. Off the charts, we were a group of 10 and all our dishes were so delicious. Definitely recommend!We just had to come to Neyow's as a part of the Nola experience!  It didn't disappoint!  
We ordered Chargrilled Oysters (of course...can we say addiction?!!!), BBQ Shrimp and Crawfish Balls. The oysters went fast, as they always do. They were much smaller oysters than Felix's, but really tasty. I wanted a little more "char" flavor, however I wasn't disappointed. 
The BBQ Shrimp...one more time...baby (in my new Nola accent)...the BBQ Shrimp are EVERYTHING!  They are huge and flavorful.  They come to your table in a huge bowl of delicious Creole BBQ sauce. You literally have to pull them out of the sauce, let them rest on the side of the bowl for a moment before you can peel them. And they are fresh!  Easy peeling and delicious!!   Tip : Order these as an appetizer. You'll thank me later. 
The crawfish balls are delicious too. I'm not crazy about fried balls of food, but these aren't over-breaded and are flavorful with large bites of crawfish in each crawfish ball.  
The wait wasn't long and the service was pleasant. The waitress (Angie) gave us some great suggestions and good Nola hospitality. Thanks Neyow's for a great meal!After 3 bars it was time for lunch. We were a block away at Bayou Beer Garden and walked over to this hidden gem in Mid-City. There were 16 of us and we took over the patio.
Our group ordered quite a variety of food off the menu. The food is spectacular! Crazy, everything was amazing. I had the Char Grilled Oysters and Cajun Sausage Jambalaya and it was fantastic.
Service was pretty good, after all they put up with a group of 16 sitting at 4 tables. 
Only complaint was the tables were a little crooked, but it kind of added to the authenticity of this place.Three stars mainly for the horrible service. I don't know if they're understaffed or just bad with service. Went here 2 nights in one weekend. The first night it literally took over an hour for our food to come out. It took 20 minutes to get drinks (water). The owner felt our frustration and comped the meal. Very stellar on his part and his wife, the chef personally came out to apologize. The food was simply wonderful with the exception of salty pork chops and bad gumbo! So, we overlooked that experience and returned a second time. The attitudes of the servers is beyond me...really callous. It may just be frustration with an overworked system but don't take it out on me! Again, we waited forever for our food. Again, the food was really good (except the gumbo, it tastes pre-packaged) but we were afraid to order anything else after dinner (like dessert) for fear that it would take forever to come out and we would be yelled at because the kitchen was closing. I'm from NOLA and even though I was visiting, I know this is not our form of true southern hospitality! They need to get together with their servers and work on improving service time and customer experience. Until then, I recommend you call ahead and order your food to go!!We visited Neyow's in December 2017, as suggested by friends and a few hotel staff. It did not disappoint! We had the chargrilled oysters, shrimp creole, and fried seafood platter. All were amazing!!! We even had the Bow Wow drink...and it definitely packed a punch! Give this place a try! You won't regret it!The chargrilled oysters at Neyow's are much, much better than at Acme! The restaurant is like a diner, very casual and no frills. Our server was attentive and made sure we had a good time. 
Our uber driver 'warned' us about the big entree plates so we were prepared! 
We ordered:
Dozen chargrilled oysters - For the same price as Acme, these oysters are so much bigger with more garlic and butter! The bread that came with this were warm and buttered up. I would love another dozen right about now. 
The creole shrimp - Very saucy and a lot of shrimp! The mound of rice in the center was spectacular with this dish. We asked the server and found out that its po boy rice. Each grain was perfectly cooked and went so well. We ended up getting another bowl of rice to clean up the plate! 
Gumbo - Soothing, warm gumbo that was perfect for the cold! Mixed in were bits and pieces of sausage, meat, and more po boy rice in a well seasoned broth. 
Special note - There are plugs in each booth! Guess they know how much we love our phones and need to keep them charged.The best red beans an rice are the best in the city. Paneed porkchops comes with the beans.,Love this place! Gumbo...great! Chargrilled Oysters...yum! Service...good. We frequent this place mostly for lunch. Fantastic lunch specials, daily. BEST Cornbread I've ever put in my mouth!! You come here for the FOOD! This is the kind of place that makes New Orleans GREAT!Shout out to ReGene for the great service.
Second time this week eating dinner at Neyows.  I ordered catfish, hush puppies and carrot souffle and a margarita which was 2 for 1($8.00) on Thursday. 
MY MY MY the food is YUMMY and the margaritas are delicious!  I recommend this restuarant to everyone who visits New Orleans.I have been here before but stopped. This place has always has a sewerage smell. I figured with the new move things would be different. No!!!!!   The place got robbed while customers were there. And not only did it still smell like the sewer, I walked thru sewer water. The water was all in front the place I had to walk thru it. The rug was soaked and smelled like shit. I didn't want to complain and just tried to enjoy the night. But I will never ever returnCame here on a Friday night around 9 pm. We were seated right away. We had to wait a little while for initial service, but it was worth the wait! This was THEE BEST soul food I've ever eaten in New Orleans. We ordered the Jazzy wings for an appetizer and they were the juiciest wings ever. Great seasoning and even better batter. They were fried to perfection! We also had the fried catfish... scrumptious! This will be our new go to place.The food was great, however, the customer service needs work which is why I can't give it five stars. We had the Lobster Pasta, the Seafood Platter with the carrot souffle, mac 'n' cheese, and dressing.The atmosphere was nice. The portions and taste of the food were decent. The thing that put us off as we sat at the bar was the lack of food safety practices. It may be a norm in New Orleans and as a visitor I am overly cautious. We witnessed everyone working behind the bar touching money, then bread, refilling fruit for drinks, and answering phones without gloves, tongs or washing hands in between. At the end of our meal ONE bartender washed her hands. People can really get sick off this practice.Great food and rude staff. Everyone is in a hurry and once you get your food good luck if they come back to your table. I had to get up to go get napkins and a fork.One of my favorite spots in Nola. Me and few friends of mine go to Neyows at least once a month. The macaroni and cheese is a slice of heaven. The gumbo is also great. You can't go wrong with Neyow'sMe and my wife ate dinner at Neyow's Creole Cafe and the service there was outstanding. When we approached the place from the outside it didn't look very spectacular, due to the lighting and environment. As we entered the building it was a totally different atmosphere. We were given the option to sit any where we wanted and the waitress came right away an took our order. The first thing i normally do when I enter a restaurant is check out the restroom and it was very spacious and very clean. They also have a bar that serves fantastic mix drinks, beer, and all most any type of liquor that you want. After we ordered our food it was delivered in a timely manner and looked great. My wife had the barbeque shrimp with cornbread dressing and I had red beans and rice with pork chops and this was indeed the best food that I ate here in New Orleans. The food was very reasonable as far as prices went, with a total of 4 Heinekens a shot of cognac and a mix drink with our food the total was less that 60$. I rated Neyow's Cafe as a four star for the great hospitality, the outstanding food, and the wonderful prices.If you are looking for some delicious charbroiled oysters, Neyow's is NOT, I repeat NOT the place to go. Their idea of barbecued oysters is to throw bbq sauce on top. I almost threw up in my mouth. Just go with their fried food and you won't be sorry.The food here is great! Also love the atmosphere! If you're planning on going in the middle of the day, be prepared to be in line for awhile. Worth the wait!The new building is gorgeous! Also very spacious! 
This was my second visit to Neyow's but my first time actually eating there. The old location was so overcrowded that I waited 20 minutes to be served and I just gave up and left. This visit was just to meet friends who were finishing up their meal. 
I was pleasantly surprised by the size and decor. We were convinced by our charismatic waitress to try the Bow Wow cocktail. It's a large cocktail that most people can't finish. If you do, the second one is half off! As far as taste goes I've had better tasting drinks but I still liked it. It really packed a wallop! 
The Bow Wow convinced me to order the famed charbroiled oysters. They were amazing. I wanted to lick the plate! 
I will definitely return. Someone seated near us was served the most epic looking breaded pork-chop, I must try it!  There was also a Feast dinner listed on the menu for two people, priced at $60. It featured a little bit of everything, that's on my list too! 
This is more of a family or group dinner spot then a date spot. It's cute but a bit too busy for a first date.This place is fantastic.  The jambalaya on Monday's is truly incredible and something you want to experience, the charbroiled oysters blew our group of 4 away, we returned two days in a row to have them again.  I have tried several dishes already on our short stay and we will be back because DANG, it's delicious!  The carrot soufflé side was one of my favorites if you need help picking a side3 stars because the service was extremely slow due to the essence weekend. I'm not sure many of the restaurants expected the influx of crowds. We tried Saturday and it was a 3 hrs wait today no wait but we got their at 11:15 and the inside only had 2 tables left . We ordered mojitos... bad idea that's not something they know how to make we should've stuck to the bow wow which is their speciality so did and split it amongst the 3 of us needless to say all 3 of us have a buzz. We ordered the charbroiled oysters which were good but a little too much parsley. I ordered the combo seafood platter which was delicious especially the hush puppies and the catfish. Biggest set back is the outside seating... I can take ty heat but the flies swarmed us like crazy. This place was worth the hype and I'd definitely come back again just sitting inside.First time in New Orleans and this was the first place I ate. Amazing Amazon Amazing! Great good! Awesome atmosphere! You have to try the chargrilled oysters!!! I considered only eating here my entire trip. Red beans,rice, and catfish are also a must try.Love the food. The wait can be long but that's because they are always packed. The fried seafood of any variety is fire but the fried catfish was truly the best I've ever eaten. It's not fussy and it's really local. If you're looking for a silent meal of arugula in a minimalist room, look elsewhere.  But otherwise, appreciate the environment and enjoy the food because that's what you're there for, and there's a lot to enjoy!The only time I've ever enjoyed oysters. Charbroiled with butter and parm. (Thank god for having lactáis with me!) my entree came out quickly and was also really delicious. I went a slightly healthier option so seeing my friends plate full of fried goodness made me real sad but you live you learn. Yummy food. Good service. Nice atmosphere.Soooo good and the atmosphere is amazing. Nothing like being in a room full of black people enjoying good food. I ordered the shrimp creole which is the best I've had so far, the food came faster then I expected. There was some confusion checking in and getting the table, for the restaurant being so busy the front and checking in process should be smoother. But other then that my experience was amazing and I'd recommended everyone to stop here whenever in Nola to anyone.Just got back from a trip to New Orleans, eating throughout the city, mostly at heavy hitters like Cochon, Luke, etc, and I have to say the best single bite has to be Neyow's char grilled oysters! Also, anyplace that serves a side of fried chicken with their red beans and rice must take their beans seriously, and they do! I went in the late afternoon on a weekday, so I didn't experience the waits that others have experienced, but I would wait in line for the oysters alone. They're just nice folks that happen to make some of the tastiest food in a city renowned for this.The food was good, but like other reviews there is a wait.  I sat outside in the heat to get waited on faster.  The scrimp poor boy was very good, the only draw back was the bread was hard and had a lot of mayonnaise.  The fries were hot as well.  The outside restroom needed cleaning and the flies from the trash cans behind the bar had me fanning my food to chase them away.  
The wait staff was pleasant even though it was very crowded.  The heat was killer outside.  Kudos to the wait staff manager that gave correction to staff, but didn't humiliate or belittle then.Came to this place for lunch! It was sooo good! Must get the char grilled oysters and seafood gumbo! Our waitress was so sweet and the food was amazing!I have to say I was disappointed.  I found the seafood platter to be bland and overpriced.  The resultant itself was too crowded and The staff was inattentive.  I will give them another try later, maybe it was just an off night.Spent a week down in Nola recently and had the pleasure of running into this little, yet wonderful place. The atmosphere was chill and the food was delicious. I ordered the Shrimp on the bayou pasta and I couldn't have been any happier with the meal. My gf ordered the catfish  and we were both blown away as to how buttery and fresh it tasted. Overall had a greaf experience and would visit this place again whenever I come back to Nola.Not a week goes by I don't find myself at Neyow's. The new location is much larger. The inside is okay but the outside bar and fire pits are amazing. The food!!! The closest you are going to get to home cooking in a restaurant. I have not tasted anything nasty yet. The carrot soufflé deserves awards! All the awards! I usually get the stuff shrimp. My husband gets the stuff bell peppers which is only served on Saturday's. People like the bow wow drink but I think it is nasty. Neyows is black owned and it feels amazing hearing the would music play while eating soul food. The service use to be consistently bad at the old location right next door but it is much better now. The service is still slightly hood but manageable, very Authentic New Orleans. The food is season perfectly and causes you to want a Neyows fix often. They now have valet that is $5. The restaurant is a short trolley ride from the French quarter if you are a tourist. Did I mention the carrot soufflé. LOL. If you want authentic New Orleans, Neyows is the place to come.Great creole and soul food. Large servings and moderate prices. Recently enlarged and renovated and now more popular (and crowded) than before. Parking can be problematic especially on the weekends. Crowds spill out onto the sidewalk on Friday and Saturday nights. Best to get there before 6pm to avoid the crowds and to make sure what you want is available as occasionally they will run out of an item. The charbroiled oysters are a must for an appetizer.First time here in New Orleans, and a friend told me to try this place. Sad I didn't get a picture because my jambalaya with hot sausage and cornbread, but was sooooooooo delicious! My friends also enjoyed their food. And our server Victoria was sooo great. She even helped us look up some nightlife for our last day here. If you are ever in NOLA, please visit this restaurant, you will not be disappointed.The food was so so delicious. The waitress was gorgeous and very on top of things. This was a wonderful experience.The customer service here is terrible. I have been the Neyows multiple times to try to give them another chance but it never improves. The food is ok, but they take forever to even greet you and bring you a glass of water. And everyone who works there has a really nasty attitude. Also, my father said that his shrimp in the gumbo was undercooked! At the prices they charge, I'm not sure I'll be coming back.This is my first time eating here, but it will not be my last. My mother and I ordered from Weekly Specials: She enjoyed Grilled Catfish, Stuffed Crab, Macaroni and Sweet Potato tots. I Loved the Smothered Okra with fried Catfish. The food was Delicious and the service was Wonderful! I will be back soon.We ended up eating here after getting a recommendation from a local. I must say, after several trips to NO, this is hands down the best food I've ever eaten in NOLA. There was a group of 6 of us, so we all ordered different dishes and shared so that we could taste a little bit of everything and we were not disappointed at all! It was a tiny bit on the pricy side, and we couldn't get separate checks, so that was the only thing that caused a bit of confusion, but the foods and drinks were so tasty that I didn't matter. Be sure to try the charbroiled oysters! They were to die for!Got the fried catfish and stuffed crab - excellent. Took it to go but must eat in soon!Yes yes yes! We were looking for a real deal NOLA food experience and we GOT IT. Real local vibe, absolutely delicious food. I got the fried chicken appetizer and the shrimp Poboy. You won't regret it.The food is DELISH can definitely taste the love!!! Unfortunately, the service will make me think twice before I return. Everyone is pleasant HOWEVER waiting 45 mins for your food to arrive after the order has been taken NOT COOL!!! There is either a lack of training or breakdown in communication between the wait staff and kitchen. Really would like to see this place thrive but it's not if they don't tighten up on their timing!!Bomb food. Service was NOT so good. It wasn't everyone I interacted with in the place, just the bar tender and server outside. I will definitely be back to give this place another try....because of the shrimp!The best chargrilled oyster I've ever had! we had the jazzy wings and they were great and the gumbo was good also. I will be back soon. This was a great starter before the Essence Festival.. nothing else compared