BEST ROLL: SURF & TURF (its a special but they usually have it). It has delicious tender rare steak charred on top with shrimp tempura inside and topped with fried sweet potato strings. Its by far one of the best rolls I have had! Apps are all great, udon is delicious too!
Staff is always friendly and remember me when I go in!Update: Sad to say that Ninja is just not the same. Ownership changed a while back and it seems that the quality has suffered. A sad day for all...Raw chicken! Ive never had this happen in the US before. I ordered chicken teriyaki with ubereats for the first time. Definitely won't be frequenting this restaurant.The service I had here was horrible, it took about an hour to get my food.  The food was decent, but not worth the price tag. If you plan on getting miso soup or rice prepare to pay extra. I really felt this place tried rip every dollar out of you, having to pay $2.50 for white rice when ordering over $25 of sushi per person is more annoying than anything. Heavily disappointed by how frugal Ninja is. Would definitely recommend looking elsewhere if you want  sushi in New Orleans.Since I have been eating sushi in NO I have been a loyal patron of Mikimoto which is good and fairly priced. I feel a little guilty to say that Ninja tops them even despite Mikimoto's drive through window.  
I can't speak for any of the specialty appetizers because I was eating on a budget, but they all sound delicious. I stuck with some classic-type rolls and took a chance on the fried oyster roll. It's great that the best fried oyster I've had in the city was on a sushi roll, go figure. The breading was light and well seasoned and insides were juicy, not overcooked. I wanted to test my audacity and try the wasabi roll. I generally do not heed a menu that warns against something for the sake of its heat, but I had a feeling about this one. Perhaps someone more adventurous than I can share their experience. For dessert we had my girlfriend's favorite thing in the world, tempura ginger ice cream. It was tasty but the portion a little small and the ice cream was rock hard. She is really discerning about her deep friend confections.  
The price didn't break the bank. We got plenty of food for the money, and the service was friendly. The only criticism is the rolls fell apart a little, but it could have been my ineptitude with the chopstick. Also, don't come looking for a drive through.I did Uber Eats for the first time, and what a disappointment. 20 Minutes was added to my ETA. The soy and ginger tofu was not pan fried or baked. It seemed silkened, and without the dip, it had absolutely no flavor. I do like that this item was marked as vegan friendly on the Uber Eats website. I appreciate the options, but the execution was bland.On a typical Friday morning I would be at work, but it was New Years Eve and I had the day off. All morning, I was craving for sushi so my boyfriend and I decided to go to Ninja's since it was close by and I've never tried their lunch before. 
When we walked in, there was this strange sense of abandonment as the entrance to the building was not actually the entrance to the dining room, but was instead a ground floor with random pieces of furniture scattered about and an empty bar. We quickly ventured past the emptiness toward the stairwell that led to the second floor dining room. Once reaching the second floor of the restaurant, the ambience was vastly different from the dark gloomy downstairs.  The room was lit with brightness and liveliness from the customers. With most of the restaurant filled, we decided to sit at the sushi bar. 
After reviewing the whole menu, we decided to order a Gyoza Lunch, Tiger Eye, Crawfish Roll, Atlanta Roll, and Ninja Roll. At first we only wanted a Gyoza appetizer, but the Gyoza Lunch was only about $2 more and came with amenities such as miso soup and green salad, so we figured why not? The starters came first. Opposed to getting just one soup based on the Gyoza Lunch order, I also got a soup. The miso soup had the standard tofu, seaweed, and scallions. Not only was it free, but it was a very well-balanced soup. Most places find it difficult to create the right balance of miso, but this miso soup was the exception. The miso was well pronounced in the broth. The second free starter we received was the cucumber salad from the sushi chef. It was basically a variation of the "noodle salad" found in other sushi restaurants: thinly sliced cucumbers and carrot strings mixed with a spicy mayonnaise dressing. The salad was very light and refreshing. It was a great starter to a meal. 
Our orders came at a very steady pace. The Gyoza Lunch was presented first and then the different orders of sushi came afterwards. We slowly enjoyed our meal as we were watching college football on their flat screen. When we were finished, we said thank you and ventured once more down to the dreary first floor. When I was exiting, I couldn't help but notice a dark tunnel wrapped in black tarp with a sign signaling customers to view the Christmas decorations inside. It was so random, strange, and out of place. 
Overall, my meal was enjoyable as always. The only thing I could not get over was the contrast of desolateness found when entering the restaurant downstairs compared to the cozy friendliness found upstairs. 
Gyoza Lunch- This bento box was larger than I expected. It came with a side salad, seaweed and bean curd salad, bowl of fried rice, and 2 pieces of fruit. The gyoza tasted like any store bought dumpling found in the freezer isle, but the presentation and other amenities were why I enjoyed it.  
Tiger Eye- Usually a roll with salmon and veggies wrapped with squid on the outside. This roll fell into the norm compared to other variations of this dish. The dish was slightly overpriced for the quality and quantity. Overall, the dish was alright, but I probably would not order it again.  
Crawfish Roll- This is one basic roll I must order every time I get sushi. This roll was made of spicy crawfish and asparagus. Although the menu stated that this roll was not spicy, it had a little kick to it. I was not impressed, but the roll was well presented and I enjoyed the roll. 
Atlanta Roll- White tuna with cucumber, avocado, green onions, and smelt roe. The roll was well proportioned and not too heavy. White tuna is considered to be one of the fattier tunas, but this roll was very refreshing and light. 
Ninja Roll- This roll consisted of tuna, yellowtail, salmon, shrimp, crab stick, eel, snow crab, smelt roe, and vegetables. Every sushi restaurant has their "signature" roll, but they are all pretty much the same. I ordered this roll for the quantity and it was spot on. It was hearty and filling.I've given this place several opportunities to prove themselves worthy since they changed hands some years ago. However it seems to have only suffered since then. The rolls are serviceable for carryout or delivery. In good faith I cannot come back and expect the quality of food or warmth of service I had received in the past.We ordered for pick-up in February and the food was inedible - the mayonnaise in the ninja salad was spoiled; the rice on all of the sushi was undercooked and hard; and the entire meal was inedible. We have dined at Ninja for a long time, but this is the 3rd time in the last 6 months that we have ordered a meal which is completely inedible. 
Today we called to talk to the manager, Ricky, who told us he would rectify the problem by replacing the order. He denied ever speaking with us and refused to replace the order as he had told us he would. This is consistent with our past experiences with Ricky. 
The only thing worse than the quality of food at Ninja is the customer service.
We will no longer dine at Ninja. I would recommend dining at any of the many nearby sushi restaurants that will offer a more pleasant experience - Chiba, Origami, Kyoto, Little Tokyo.Im marking this one as my favorite sushi restaurant. Being a vegetarian this place has a huge selection of rolls (make sure you ask for the VEGETARIAN MENU). The Bugs Bunny and Sweet Potato are the best.Easily one of the best sushi places in New Orleans.  A longtime resident purveyor of fresh cuts, Ninja rarely falters in it's delivery of tried and true sushi classics.Fantastic food and service.   We sat at the sushi bar and watched our rolls being prepared.  All fresh ingredients. I even watched as they peeled the avocado and cucumber for our rolls. We started with shrimp tempura and then we had miso soup (also very good).  We then ordered three different rolls (with soybean paper b/c I'm not a big nori fan). We had left overs that we had for breakfast the next day.  My hubby ordered hot sake filtered (he usually likes the unfiltered but that was a little too pricey) and I had a gin and tonic (they have a full bar downstairs).  Don't let the outside fool you it is very nice inside once you make your way up the stairs.  The staff was very attentive and checked on us asking if everything was good at least three times. Prices were very reasonable too.   While there explore the block.  It was very interesting neighborhood.  All and all it was an enjoyable experience.Phenomenal food, service is great, and staff is very quick to correct any mistakes that occur.Sushi is well priced but the place really needs a good cleaning. Lots of good stuck between the seats.took almost an hour to get my sushi, despite going to the earliest dinner I can remember, 5:45pm.  I saw numerous take out orders being filled before the DINE in Crowd was served.  Does not seem like the best way to treat customers who take the time to eat in the restaurant.  
Great sushi however the wait is too much for me to go back anytime soon.This was the first Japanese restaurant I tried in NOLA after moving from Socal.  It is surprisingly good.  I never thought I would be able to find good sushi here.  It's also great for families.  My kids love it and my wife doesn't mind even though she is not a big sushi fan.  The kids love the kids meals served in airplane or train dishes and supplied with rubber band loaded chopsticks.  They also like the Ramune soft drinks which have a marble instead of a cap that seals the bottle.  The service is always good and starts with hot towels.  My favorite is the rainbow roll but I also like the box sushi.  The tempura is crispy and light.  The teriyaki sauce has a nice strong flavor which I like.  I would give it five stars, but you enter through a downstairs bar area that is dark, musty, and unfinished.  It seems like it would be fairly easy to make this into a nicer entrance.The changes to the menu and original recipes are not for the better. They changed the Ninja Salad. I can't believe it. I used to dream about that little salad and now it's gone. The salad I had today wasn't even close. What a disappointment. I will not be back.We went in for drinks and karaoke.  They were completely out of tequila which is crazy.. we ordered 3 vodka drinks and the total was $32 before tip. Way over priced for Tito's vodka.I am a loyal customer since they opened on Jeannette street.  I have to say that the place is in serious decline right now.  Rolls are getting really small (they fit FIVE rolls in one container last night!) and whenever I order something to take out, it is invariably wrong, and usually takes close to an hour...... I used to love this place and either go and pick up at least 3-4 times a week.  Now, I'm down to once a month to see if they can get their act together.My favorite sushi place in town. Easily stacks up to the best in San Francisco or NYC as far as creativity and freshness. 
Strongly recommend!!We are from Chicago and frequent sushi restaurants.  This was some of the best sushi we have ever had. The food was exquisite and the owners are so very nice. This is a must if your in the New Orleans area.Sushi: 4 stars
Service: 0-1 star
Ambiance: 1 star
Mardi Gras roll ($12.95) and the other roll we ordered were both fantastic.  The ramen with tempura ($7.95) was tasteless. 
Unfortunately, the outrageously poor service is what ruined this experience.  The restaurant's 3 waiters were totally overwhelmed.  There were people walking up to them with their check books eager to pay after being abandoned at the table.  One harried waiter spilled a glass of water on his customers and hardly apologized.  
We were not greeted at the door, despite having a reservation, for at least 5 minutes.  Someone finally noticed us and beaconed us to sit down.  Our waiter them seemed incensed and commented that we'd "seated ourselves".  We were not provided menus, nor drinks for 10 minutes.  
We got our sushi in relatively short order, but waited about 40 minutes for the ramen.  The waiter continuously visited our table making promises that it would "be right out," until, finally, I told them that we would prefer to just leave and cancel the order.  A few moments later, the ramen arrived.  The waiter did not take it off the bill, nor offer any discount or alternative while we waited.
The ambiance is also awful.  Dirty bathrooms and the dining room has bad TVs showing muted local TV.  You have to walk through a bar with a bare concrete floor to get upstairs.
The sushi was great, but this place has such bad service, and is so devoid of personality, that unless we're ordering pick-up for a meal we plan to eat at home two hours away, we'll never patronize them again.Soo underwhelmed. I ordered yellowtail box sushi, something I have ordered time and time again from various sushi places. The portion was sooo small, about half of what I usually get from any other restaurant. On top of that, the yellowtail tasted too fishy to be good quality, I almost threw it out for fear of getting food poisoning. The crab looked like it came out of a can, was super dry and just plain bad.
I was so looking forward to this place, so many of my friends have raved about it. But, small portions, moderate-high prices and less than ok tasting food leads me to cross this off my list of future restaurants to go to.Ninja is by far the best Japanese restaurant in New Orleans - a bit off the beaten path and known and loved  by locals. The sushi is fresh and the rolls are original. Another huge plus is that the snow crab used as filler is absolutely amazing - none of that mayonnaisey junk everywhere else uses. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Ninja may be my favorite New Orleans restaurant!Yummm. I've eaten sushi here and there, this though. Melt in my mouth yummy. So good I virtually was sick eyes bulging! Not really though. Absolutley loviely rainbow roll. The delivery was timely. A Tuesday evening priced as expecting and so worth the 25 dollar min. Thank You.This is my local Sushi restaurant, they are consistant and have great sushi chefs at he bar where we always sit.  I am very happy with the quality and value and you can't go wrong here for a family sushi restaurant.Returned on a Friday night - My friend and I were the only table not with children.  Seriously.  This restaurant was the sushi equivalent of Chuck E. Cheese.  The kids have it great though - little airplane plates with good stuff.  Will not return though.  The baby crying during my warm sake was a total turn-off...Great sushi and even better service!! The sushi chef Steve was so nice and really got to know us. Made me feel like they care about their customers and making people feel like/become regulars. Ricky the owner was really sweet too. Talked to us at the end and gave us free dessert! We had the soft shell crab which was delicious a spicy one (can't remember the name) that was really good topped with seared tuna. Must try!Food is so delicious. Sashimi is extremely fresh. Service is great. By far, my favorite sushi restaurant in nola.I heart Ninja. I can't believe that in all the years I lived Uptown I never went to this sushi place, but now that I have discovered it, I have a hard time going back to my old favorites, Kyoto and Mikimoto. Enough has been said about the strange restaurant layout, but I do have to say that it is a huge plus that there is a parking lot because Oak St. can be "difficult."  I have always had prompt, friendly service here, especially the day we ran in from a thundering downpour and the hostess offered to turn down the AC so we wouldn't get the chills. The sushi and rolls are the freshest and the cold noodle salad (Chinese Salad) is divine. Add a little hot sake to the mix and call it a night! Beware the smoking Volcano Roll, however, lest you think you woke up in some crazy Las Vegas tiki bar.Don't waste your money.   We ordered from UberEats on a Monday night,  and after waiting an hour,  the food ranged from okay to inedible.   The miso ginger topped spicy crab roll was the highlight - good flavor and nice and spicy,  but it wasn't well rolled,  and the pieces fell apart when picked up.  The other roll had tuna and eel, but they hadn't placed them properly,  and each piece only had one type of fish in it instead of both.   The lettuce wraps looked like leftover chicken bits with some soy sauce dumped on top - no flavor at all.   The worst was the pork belly bao.  Completely inedible.   The pork was tough,  gristle-y and undercooked - we couldn't even bite through it.   It was like greasy shoe leather.  For almost $50 that is disgraceful.   I should have checked the other reviews first - how is this place still open?!Ninja is a great uptown sushi spot. The service is great and so is the sushi. If you sit at the sushi bar you get the ninja salad. Its really delicious! You cannot go wrong with the Special Crunchy Roll or the Rainbow Roll. The firefighter and the oak street rolls a great, too. Avoid the sea urchin and the lemon roll. I sent both back!
And if anyone ever gets their hands on a ninja headband like the sushi chefs wear, let me know! I have been trying to get one for months now, with no luck!Terrible. We ordered a rainbow roll, crunchy dynamite roll, ninja house special roll, and udon for dinner for delivery. The udon was bland except for the overwhelming taste of salt, it was missing the chicken we paid for. The rolls were tasteless, small, and few pieces for the price we paid. Incredibly disappointed and surprised.I like Ninja.  I don't love Ninja.  It doesn't excite me, and I think the "Best Sushi in New Orleans" title is thrown around pretty loosely where they are concerned, but I do find myself going back on a pretty regular basis.  For takeout, mind you - the fishy odor and lukewarm overly casual service upstairs are not something I see myself eating in to experience again anytime soon.  
Ninja has a strong separate vegetarian menu, with some pretty interesting rolls.  They have a gluten free menu as well, which is a nice touch, though I am not sure how often one really runs into gluten issues at a sushi bar.  Consistency is not their strong suit, though (perhaps sadly) they do a better job in that regard than any other sushi spot I have been to in NOLA (I still have high hopes for Chiba taking that spot as they continue to distance themselves from the rocky opening).  
Ninja is the comfort food of sushi in my book.  I don't go when I want a night out, or when I am in the mood to savor every bite of a beautifully constructed dish presented by a warm and attentive server - but when I want to pick up some solid nice-sized rolls with a nice array of veggies and (usually) fresh fish for a relaxing night in, they remain my go-to spot.
Try the Firefighter roll sometime (don't worry, it isn't that spicy), and thank me later.New management-  was not sure for the last couple of visits but tonight's meal was really good.  I had had my doubts recently but am converted.  The special Nemo roll was amazing.  The green wave roll was sooo good.  The appetizer - calamari was omg good.uh... no... Its cheap, though. That explains it. If you normally go to a sushi restaurant and order rolls, then you'd like this place.  I read some of the previous reviews here and then agreed to check out this place thinking its ' the best place' ...'I heart this place'...etc. If you want real-sushi, then I'd go to Horinoya. 
A party of four on a Friday night. The wait was 45 minutes. Service was not even worth mentioning. My friends ordered rolls. Tasted it, boring as usual. The sashimi/sushi and roe was ok like grocery store sushi. 
Party of four, drinks and the long wait for $90 dollars. We left $120; I think we didn't care to do the math bc seriously, it was a $5 service. Parking is dark, dingy and when you enter, the guys at the bar are just hanging out like its their living room.  I don't hate this place but certainly never hiking from CBD to Ninja's to wait for grocery-store quality sushi.Great food and friendly staff.  Try the roasted shishito peppers and they have some of the best hot 'n sour soup in the city.  Very affordable.Omg!, I had stopped going there over the last couple of years but heard they were under new ownership. What a delightful surprise! Service was fast and efficient,  and quality of the sushi was incredible!  What a huge improvement. .. Ninja is once again my favorite sushi restaurant in new Orleans!Absolutely horrible. I've never had a manager of a restaurant be so rude. Our order was so wrong he wanted us to send him a photo of what we received because he didn't believe us-- to HIS personal cellphone. We will not be ordering from this establishment ever again. So disappointing.Handmade sushi is fresh and artistically prepared.  Very tasty.  The atmosphere is casual.  You walk off the street into what looks like a dodgy old pool hall, but then go upstairs to what I thin is a typically austere, clean Japanese decor.  It has a serenity to it that makes this one of my favorite lunch spots.  I could just sit hear and meditate, but the sushi is too good to ignore.  Ninja doesn't have that hustle-bustle service that I have found in other sushi places, it is a pleasant place to be.  It is way off the tourist path, even during big festivals.  Come and get centered, slow down, relax.My husband and I LOVE this place.  We've moved around in the past few years, and we haven't been able to find anything comparable to it in Houston or Miami.  They just can't compete with the service and fresh quality that Ninja offers.I used to like this place bc their crunchy rolls were the best damn thing on the menu. They were different in that the tempura flakes were seasoned different and it contained green onions in it. Now, the crunchy roll is just as basic as all the other crunchy rolls from a sushi restaurant. Very disappointed and saddened.We waited an hour from the time we ordered to the time our food came.  When it came it was decent at best.  If you like a sushi roll that falls apart in your hand well this is the place.  BE ADVISED also that the Ninja roll has eel sauce slathered all over it but it makes no mention of this on the menu.  So if you don't like eel sauce do not order this roll.  I learned that one the hard way.  
Did I mention it was 95 degrees outside and Ninja had AC issues.  It was on but it was still hotter than comfortable and to have to wait an hour on sushi rolls in that heat was a bit ridiculous.
They never offered us anything as an apology for the heat or the wait either. No discount, no dessert, no manager came to apologize, even if they'd have offered to pack the order up "to go" for us it would have been something but instead we got nothing at all.  The server said, "sorry for the wait" but that's all we got.  I don't think they cared much about our wait or the heat and I also don't I think we'll be back anytime soon.
BLEH!!!!!!!!!Once upon a time, this place was on Jeannette Street and it was called Shigure. My dad and I lived around the corner and used to come here for a treat. 
We thought it was odd that the ladies who ran it had a boss, as they ran it just fine. And they taught us how to eat sushi.
Then, one day, it turned to Ninja sushi. The ladies had bought the place out. The food got a little better. The ladies kept talking to us (my dad had a distinctive beard).
We brought friends in, and they raved about it. We brought friends in who'd lived and worked in Japan, and they raved about it. I didn't know how good I had it, really. New Orleans is known for its seafood, but not so much for its raw fish.
Somewhere in there, they decided that they had to fit into a larger place. So they moved around to Oak street, down almost at Leonidas. This was about '97, now, and no Oak street resurrection had happened. It was a little scary-- sometimes the place was only half open now.
The ladies that ran the place were still there, 10+ hours a day, and it seemed like 6 days a week. And they kept churning out fabulous food, though employing the occasional student or local, and training up more sushi chefs.
I always thought it was a little  expensive, but, then, if you're gonna eat raw food you damn well want it to be the best.
Then I moved away, to San Francisco, where there's loads of sushi. Often at much higher prices. Only some of it was as good as Ninja. Every time I came to visit, the ladies were more New Orleanian (Who dat!) and more full.
They were one of the first places open after the storm, with the same high quality food. I ate here in Jan or Feb afterwards. There wasn't ever a question that they wouldn't.
I see some reviews that sometimes the service isn't up to much, or that the food's only OK. I don't get to NOLA enough, but I stop in every time I do, and eat far too much, and I have yet to be disappointed-- whether it's top-quality Otoro or their own local-style concoction-- specially spiced for the local palate. This place makes me happy. It could be all the associations and over 20 years of history with it, but they are fabulous.
And they remember me. I've gone from 15 to almost 40, had short, then long, then short hair, turned up in ripped jeans and suited and booted, and the ladies greet me like I'm home.
Which I was, last Tuesday. Unfortunately not anymore.I heard this place used to be good, but it isn't anymore and hasn't been for a long time, so there is no sense in hanging on to all of this sushi baggage. It is time to move on and explore the plenty of other fabulous sushi joints the city has to offer (Asuka and Sushi Brothers... to name a couple). 
I don't expect sushi places to have the best ambiance, but at Ninja you enter through a sort of cave or dungeon-like entrance and are greeted by an empty bar. Self-serve? I wish. That would be the one redeeming quality of this place. Keep going up the stairs to the equally lackluster restaurant. There you can order sushi rolls filled with entirely too much sticky rice, and if you're lucky it will be doused with a bucket of sauce because that will cover up the fishy taste. 
The service there is so dreadful it is borderline entertaining. You may really get a laugh if the creepy owner decides to hover around with his looming presence making the staff on edge inadvertently making service even worse. 
It is rare for me to give a restaurant only one star, but I can't even count on one hand how many times I have been to this place and finally gave up. I'm trying to save you from the heartbreak and wasting your money.We had such a warm welcome in Ninja today. It was our first visit and everyone from the barman downstairs to our lovely waitress happily answered all our questions. 
We munched on some very tasty endamame beans while reading the hugely diverse veggie menu. The selection and range were astounding! 
When our dinners arrived they were even better than we had anticipated. The tofu steak dinner was superb, with more accompaniments than I could even begin to describe. It has to be ordered to be believed. The udon noodles in the soup were cooked to perfection. It truly was a taste sensation.Ninja is my husband and I's favorite place to go for sushi. Don't expect for your socks to be blown off, its just good sushi for a good price. Highly recommend the special crunchy roll and the gomamiso roll.love Steve and the rolls he comes up with.  My favorite is the Rainbow Box and add crunchy.  WinnerMy heart weights heavy on this matter. I don't even like to talk about it when brought up by other locals and usually say it's like a bad breakup. I grew up in the riverbend area and have had a love affair with ninjas since it opened its doors at their first location on Jeannette street. I have loved it so much I HAD to go at least once a week for my fix. BUTTT unfortunately ever since the new ownership, it's declined. The place is ALWAYS empty even on a Saturday night when it used to be packed, so that's the first clue it's declined. Ever since the new ownership, some of my favorite rolls/ recipes have changed. Now I am all about the raw fish, as long as it's fresh it's hard to mess that up, but honestly one of my favs was just their crunchy  roll/special crunchy. I LOVED it, and I loved it wasn't the same old generic over mayo snow crab with crap tempura flakes pushed to the side instead of mixed together. . It used to be shredded imitation crab mixed all together with tempura flakes, smelt roe, and their awesome egg sauce, again, MXED ALL TOGETHER with asparagus! Perfection! No more . Also their snow crab and spicy snow crab WAS amazing not mayo filled, and had black sesame seeds mixed in. But they changed that too, and now it's mayo filled generic that you can get at every other sushi place. So needless to say since most rolls have crunchy filling or snow crab in them, they have ruined all my favorite rolls. I also used to love the ninjas salad, but last 2 times I ordered it, the mayo was rancid. I have started making my own version at home for my fix. The Cajun tuna tataki, and miso soup are still the same and very good. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE go back to the original recipes by the original owner, they even have the old owner making the original crunchy roll filling video on YOUTUBE! I want to love you guys again and would hate to see you close, but you have let me as a customer (and I came A LOT) unless you go back to original recipes.I like Ninja a lot! The food is spectacular. It gets 1 star because I ordered online and when the food arrived and I checked my order I was missing a dish. I called to let them know and "Nia" or at least that is what she said her name was basically accused me of lying.  Then became very aggressive. I'm sitting here looking at 4 containers when there should have been 5 and she's telling me no. Just assuming that someone is a liar is bad business. I'll be there tomorrow in person. Deeply offended. Again, the food is amazing but check your food orders at the door or be called a liar and taken for the $$$The price increased and the quality decreased since the ownership change. Servers are nice but not professional. Even the music choice became more disturbing and annoying. It was one of my favorite restaurant with its unique amibance and delious food with the personal touches. Now the food tastes mediocre and mass produced. It wasn't the Japanese restaurant I remembered it to be anymore. Will not come back.Great service, great food, great experience! The soft shell crab was my favorite, but jalepeno poppers, special sushi pizza, and ninja salad were hits as well!We went mid-week at prime dinner time and were immediately ushered from the weird dark shack like bar downstairs, to the very well-lit upstairs and immediately seated at the bar, but many tables were open, too.
I thought the food was very good and very well-priced - I walked out totally stuffed w/ a slight sake buzz for less than $30. In fact, we had ordered too much and were sad to leave it behind but just couldn't force in another bite. The music selection of Oldies is a little odd - but tolerable as the sushi chefs make fun of it, too. They were very friendly, as was our waitress. I would definitely recommend this place.Shockingly bad service.  You can literally wave your hand back and forth and not get noticed here.  I had a single California roll arrive so late that it went straight into a to go box.  It was taking so long that I repeatedly tried to get the waitresses attention.  From what I hear, the owners deduct credit card fees from the servers tips and other deductions as well.  If I worked here I'd be miserable too.
It's time for a major renovation.  The deserted ground floor bar looks haunted and the bathrooms are filthy and old, never a good sign in a restaurant.Hubby and I ate here during our vacation in September and we are not disappointed !! 
We are from a city where sushi restaurants are at every corner but this spot was definitely memorable !! 
The place is not crowded and tables close together like most sushi restaurants. We came on a night that seem pretty busy but even then, our food came out in a decent amount of time and our servers were attentive. Even when the servers were busy with other customers, the owners came to check on us to make sure that everything was going well.
Their rolls were delicious, I dont remember the names to it all because my husband decided to order several different rolls. My son is not a sushi eater but they had a chicken katsu dish that he absolutely loved ! We had to order more to go for him to have at the hotel.
Anytime our friends ask for recommendations in New Orleans, we recommend for them to try this place.Such an awful experience.  We had a large party of 15, but they said they could accommodate us.  After waiting an hour and a half for a table (without complaining), we were taken upstairs but then split into two groups and unable to sit together.  We took this in stride and split up.  Then, as we looked at our menus, water began to drip from the ceiling onto one of the people at our table.  We went to the manager (an old man who looked like he was straight out of the big lebowski) and told him what was happening and he just stood there silent.  He then told us to just do whatever we were gonna do, whatever that meant.  So we decided to try to move our table over.  He then came over and screamed at us in front of the entire restaurant "Just leave!  You can't just move tables!" and kicked both of our tables out of the restaurant.  The entire place went quite, with most of the patrons shocked at what had happened to us. 
I will never, ever go back to Ninja, and highly recommend you avoid it as well.Ninja is one of my all time favorites! I was introduced by a friend during my Tulane days. It used to be in this tiny house on Jeanette St, at time it was only a few blocks from my house. I really miss it and go every time I am in Nola.
Why I return:
Sushi is fresh and tastes great
Service is attentive 
Prices are good
I heart Ninja!biggest and best Uni i have ever eaten
sushi chef guided me through the many selections honestly
contender for best sushi in NOLAIf there was less than 1 star, I would give it. Wow ninja sushi, where to begin? How about the 10 minute wait for WATER. Now let's move to the 30-40 minute wait for food. Entree first? Duh. Why would anyone want an appetizer first?! Food was actually good upon arrival but really? That long? I've been here for almost an hour at this point and am just getting my meal. Drinks? $20 for 1 vodka soda and 1 beer. Now the finale- AUTO GRATUITY FOR A 4 TOP! Are you kidding? Worst service I've had in probably 1-2 years. And you guys auto gratuity-ed? That is truly comical. No idea how they have survived this long. Family probably owns the building. Don't waste your time going here, really.Went to eat there a couple months ago and we ran into a couple problems. One of us ordered something that was never brought to the table, and it was the only thing she ordered but it never showed up. Secondly, the waters we ordered had what looked to be described as "rat poop" in them. I used to go to Ninja all the time, but this experience has opened my eyes to other places. I recommend that if you want sushi/Japanese head a couple blocks over to Hanna. Much better quality food for just about the same price.Great sushi selection, but they are working on cutting back on how many menus you have to sift through. Great 80's music playing through the sound system. I wonder if it's only on Saturday nights because they played the station the last Saturday I was here. Nice bar downstairs if you just want drinks. Great way they call from downstairs and tell host how many people to seat. Sushi is great, btw.Terrible service and a "we don't care" attitude. Not only were we not served for a half an hour while others after us got their food, our server gave us attitude and asked if we were done and wanted the check when we complained to him. 
We got another server, she was nice, but when we asked her to let us speak to a a manager, she said to leave a phone number because the manager was too busy.
I counted 10 people in the restaurant at that time, 5 of which had already gotten their food.
We used to order pretty often, their quality had been lagging lately, but out of loyalty we continued.
Don't waste your money on this place. It's not worth the time or effort. Treat them like they would treat you, go somewhere else.Ninja was my favorite place to get sushi until the new ownership ruined it. All of my peers agree that the quality has decreased significantly. Now a days I'll go anywhere but ninja for sushi. Truly disappointed.Out of all the sushi places in New Orleans, my friend and I agree that this is the best place. We always come back here because the price, the quantity, and the quality is always good compared to other Japanese restaurants in town.First time in 5 years. I was reluctant to try it since they changed ownership in 2012/13? But I saw a Groupon so I decided to give it a try. It is just okay. Nothing horrible but nothing amazing! And it is waaaay overpriced! The rolls are much smaller than they used to be, the eechi roll is no longer there. I honestly didn't go there to compare,I walked in with an open mind. It's definitely not worth going back.I thought the food was really overpriced and the rolls were very small. I paid 15 dollars for a roll that I could have easily paid 10 dollars for. I got the Raging Cajun and it had 8 small pieces of sushi. Pretty average tasting. 
The waiters are were very efficient which I appreciated. 
Overall, probably would not go here often for sushi just because it was overpriced.The food was good, I had the crunch salad and honestly it was delish and fresh and light, I'd recommend. Also had a miso soup and glass of house white. My server was also good and friendly. 3/5 because overpriced ($26 for my lil lunch) wine pour was weaakk and environment is a bit odd.The food is above average, but the service is bad. It took forever for 3 rolls.  We sat at the sushi bar. I got 1 roll at a time in the span of one hour and a half.  Squid salad came out fast. It was excellent. Try the Atlanta roll. 
We tried to get our server's attention several times.  He looked right at me and ignored us. I would just get take out from now on.This USED to be our absolute favorite sushi restaurant, but since they changed ownership it's not good. I'm absolutely heartbroken! I don't want to blame the guys making the sushi...it's not their fault. The fish just didn't taste fresh. We may give it another shot, but it looks like we'll be having to find another sushi spot. I knew something was off the minute I sat down. I feel sickI didn't eat here, but probably had the best time I've ever had singing karaoke. Great time had by all.I absolutely love Ninja!! Everything is top-notch from the ambiance and service to the food. The upstairs dining area is really relaxing as the lighting is nice and the seating is comfertable. That being said, the downstairs environment needs a little improvement, but I don't really mind it because you are only downstairs for a couple of minutes while you wait to be seated upstairs. Every server that I have ever had here was friendly and accomadating. Lastly, the food is the bomb...so fresh and tasty!!! The cajun tuna tataki appetizer is a must if you like tuna!! All in all, Ninja is a very enjoyable dining out experience! Just as a side note: their hours are kind of weird; they close at some point in the middle of the day and then reopen at night.It's been a favorite for more than 20 years! The wasabi shumai and the box sushi are my go tos.Ninja is my favorite place in New Orleans to have sushi. I have been a customer here for 15 years. The rolls are larger than most sushi bars. It's a laid back place and prices are reasonable try the Goma miso roll its excellent. Their fish is always the freshest.Ate here last night and it was delicious once again. Started with the jalapeno poppers which are amazing. Then, had a delicious cup of hot and sour soup. For rolls, the Green Wave Roll is always my favorite....so Fresh! We, also had the Volcano Roll and my husband has the Shrimp Pad Tha which was some of the best pad thai I've had in the Nola area. Service is always great.. Jeremy and Chef Ricky are the best!!I'm conflicted slightly. Everyone LOVES Ninja and lists it as their favorite sushi place. But really, I'm not super impressed. 
First there's always a long wait to get a table. Even when we made a reservation for our large party we still had to wait. Why get a reservation for a specific time if you can't honor it?
The sushi itself isn't super special. The vast majority is the same rolls I get everywhere else. Yes, there are some great appetizers and house special rolls, but they aren't enough for me to make a trip just for them.
But here's the real kicker, the price. I can get the same sushi that I like to eat at other places for much, much less. I feel like i'm paying a premium for the Ninja name or the ability to tell people "I had dinner at Ninja".
But even with those complaints I've had some great times there, but that was because of the company. Ok, last time I had a chirashi dinner and it was overflowing with cuts of fish and for once worth the $20+ for it, but it's kind of the exception and not the rule.
I still wind up visiting Ninja about once a year because someone wants to eat there. It's long enough for me to forget the things I don't like, but that means a bit of disappointment all over again. At least the food is tasty.I was so impressed! I had been to Ninja's when it was the little house down the street and when it moved to this larger location, but it had been about 2/3 years since our last visit. I never did understand the big deal raves about Ninja until we just popped in again recently. Seriously excellent sushi. Their "Ninja" salad amouse bouche is one of my favorite things in the city now. We had the Liger Roll which was salmon, red snapper, and avocado topped with Japanese mayo, spicy mayo, eel sauce, and scallions - it was wrapped in soy and crispy rice. It was delicious. Also tried another roll that had lemon and jalapeno, also very tasty. Two thumbs up on Ninja's - its back on our sushi rotation.I am from the West Coast and I have been having trouble finding a decent sushi place that is comparable to back home. I have only done a couple takeout orders from Ninja and both times the sushi has been amazing. I do not know how it is as a dine-in experience as I have only seen it in the day time but it does seem to be a bit of an odd setup. Other then that, I highly recommend Ninja. The staff was friendly and the sushi was awesome. So I say, go for it.I had a great lunch with my wife and teenager on a Saturday.
We were the only people in the restaruant.
The service was very good and the food was fresh and delicious.
I enjoyed the green tea and my wife and teen said the lemonade was great.  
The sushi was very good and the tempura crunchy and delicious.Since I last went to Ninja, they've changed the menu entirely, and not for the better in my opinion. It makes me really sad to say that the fish tasted slightly off. And the emphasis is on rolls with *lots* of sauce to hide the flavors. I ordered takeout and sat at the bar.
I really wanted the okra tempura which is no longer on the menu, but they did offer to make my veggie tempura all okra, if they could. And they did and it was yummy...although a bit greasy.  The blue crab sushi which was another former favorite ended up in the trash since it tasted awful.  My other items were just blah. Nothing special about them.
I remember eating at their Jeannette location about a million years ago and being amazed by the taste and the presentation. I'm not sure what's going on now.In a time where even the most well-meaning restaurants might fall prey to pretention or worse, irony (glad those prefab trailer trash restaurants don't exist here), Ninja is full of great intentions. There's the oak tag signs that sincerely greet you on the way in with specials and operating hours, not to mention the guileless and well-meaning waitstaff (not a hipster in sight). I applaud their eagerness to please: yay for wheat-free and vegetarian menus.
I've written two five star reviews for Chiba and now it's at the point where I actually crave their tempura and vegetable rolls with soy paper, so yesterday, I wanted Chiba like whoa, so up, Uptown we go!... only to find that it was closed. WAH!!!!!!! No, seriously, I was crestfallen (I like this word and need to use it more often). But hey, there's Ninja right down the block and I'd been meaning to try it after I read so many great things about their vegetarian rolls. 
I kind of like the whole walking in to that weird bar area with the giant beckoning blow-up Maneki Neko that's at odds with the kinda dour decor. The dude with the headset makes the entire operation seem kinda... well, secret Ninja-like! I am not sure that's intentional, which makes it all even funnier. And yes, I got a chuckle out of all the oak tag signs, including the one on the closed door that said something to the effect of "Hello, please come, this door is only closed to keep out the heat. Happy Summer!" I mean, the closed door doesn't have a window on it and it seems like you're coming up from a basement speakeasy. Anyway, you open the door and are greeted by the aforementioned bright and shiny waitstaff.
Similarly the entire dining room: wayyyyy too bright and shiny! Wayyyyyyyyyyyyy. Dim those lights please. It would do wonders for the ambiance, as the chairs seem like 1980s kitchen chairs and the overall vibe is just so dated. When you consider the prices are about the same as the ultra chic Chiba down the block, well, that alone would make Ninja a distant second choice. I think ambiance is pretty important and all I could think about was: WWGRD (What Would Gordon Ramsey Do), especially after I went to the bathroom and saw half of the dropped ceiling was missing and exposed what was going on up there. I didn't wanna know!!!
On to the food. You do have to ask for the special menu. No big deal, really, but normally I never ask for a special menu in Japanese restaurants, so it would be a great idea to indicate that they have special menus on their regular menu. Similarly, it would be really *really* awesome if on the special menu, they'd describe what the specialty rolls are about, rather than giving them obscure names, like "The Richard Roll" or the "Tear Drop Roll." Our waitress had to go ask. I only asked about those two, and then felt bad, so I gave up and ordered a spicy vegetable roll to start (not good. I was told there was avocado in it, which it did not and desperate needed to balance the sourness of whatever is in there) and the tofu steak dinner. This was quite good, and a terrific value at 10.50 for basically a bento box that includes yasai (delicious chopped/sauteed vegetables), oshinko, a vegetable roll and tofu. She forgot the rice, but I didn't want it anyway, so it's all good.
On that note, service, while *extremely nice* and attentive was equally awkward. I just liked her so much that it wasn't a big deal. But... well, she committed my biggest pet peeves: serving an app after serving the entree and, worse yet, clearing plates while we're still eating and asking if we want dessert. The final insult, she dropped the check off while we were still eating, too. All unacceptable no-nos unless I'm eating breakfast in a truck stop (which, by the way, never ever happens:)
I'll give Ninja another shot, most likely for lunch, when I care less about ambiance. For dinner, it'll be Chiba forever when I need my sushi fix. Just a final note: I think that this restaurant could be awesome if they did some renovations and trained the staff to catch up with the standards of excellent service that are prevalent in this fine city of ours.Whenever my family came to NOLA, this was the place to go. This restaurant was so unique to have everyday staples in Japan such as authentic donburis, pickled veggies, dried sea kelps (hijiki), etc. It was clearly owned by a Japanese. After a couple of years, the menu changed, it just became "one of them," and is no more a place to go. 
The best test to check a Japanese restaurant is to order Chirashi-zushi and try a plain rice in the bowl. They failed both of them. Chirashi ($25) had "furikake" (dried fish/sesame/seaweed) which NEVER goes with sushi rice in Japan. To make it worse, this version had sweet eel sauce on top. This is an absolute no-no, and my wife lost her appetite by this. To give a kick to sushi rice, they should add flying fish roe (tobiko), which I didn't see any. 
The raw fish on top was ok, but octopus (3 pieces were too many) was too chewy and tuna (3 pieces) was cut way too large. You don't put smoke salmon in chirashi. The worst is to put "spicy tuna" and something with mayo. In chirashi??? Unlike the last visits, we saw no Japanese in the sushi counter, and the foods clearly show the lack of authenticity.
My order of "dinner special" was better, with grilled shrimps, salmon, and steak, including the price (mere $19!). The best thing of the evening was the steak (in a Japanse restaurant?). Sauteed veggies were good too. The potato croquet came with it (a very Japanese addition), but no tonkatsu-sauce until I asked? 
Our final verdict, however, came from the rice in the bowl. It was dry, stale, and a little brown (not brown rice, though). Rice is a sacred food in Japan, and the owner (I checked that the Japanese lady still owns) knows it. We didn't eat it at all. When we invite our friends to our house, we would NEVER serve this kind of rice because it would be an embarrassment. 
The waiter was so amateurish (probably an UNO/Tulane student), not trained well, and had no idea on what's coming with the dinner special. I had to ask him to clean the table before the dessert. He asked "How's everything?" without paying attention to what we say. 
I know I am too critical for Japanese restaurants, and this place is still good for non-Japanese. It's too bad that the owner just gave up serving real Japanese foods and let American versions take over.
Now I don't know which Japanese restaurant to go in NOLA....People can be confusing some times with recommendations for restaurants specifically for Sushi.  It has become a competition where people forget it is about the sushi and not how proximal it is to your house or that you know the hostess or whatever.  Ninja is an example of this as people swear by Ninja and all its glory but I never really jumped on the band wagon. 
The sushi at Ninja hasn't been bad any of the times I have been there.  The rolls are always decent with their crowning achievement of excess I believe it is called the dragon roll or something like that is so big I wouldn't doubt they got the idea in Texas. 
As for the rest of this place as previously noted the down stairs area is somewhat creepy/deserted, always.  I'm not sure why.  And I found the upstairs dinning area to be incredibly bright more so then someones house during the day time.  Lastly, the service was just ok.
Hence forth, if you love this place don't let me stop you but I believe there is better out there.  And always remember that mixing up your sushi intake is a good thing.Excellent!!!!!  The specialty Ghost Rider Roll was amazing.  Also, the spicy tuna was very good.  I highly recommend their hot and sour soup for a starter.Sadly, my least favorite sushi place in the city. I've been to a lot of the ones around town, and several of my friends really liked Ninja. On their advice, I went, and while the service was fine and their atmosphere was great, the rolls were all very meh. We got about five different rolls, and none of them tasted like something I'd order again. There is just too much good sushi in the city to go back to Ninja. 
I must be a ninja, because Ninja will never see my business again.Ninja is our favorite sushi place in New Orleans.  Everything we've ordered has been delicious.  We usually get the pork wasabi shumai.  The specialty rolls are great and very reasonably priced.  The staff is friendly and the space is lovely.  The owner, Ricky, always makes sure everyone is at home.  I didn't expect this little upstairs sushi place to become my favorite New Orleans restaurant, but it did!  Bravo, Ninja!Thanks to my fellow Yelpers, I was forewarned about the weirdo entrance.  I thought it was kind of quirky, although it was odd to have to walk through a Saints pendant to get into dining room since it literally hung in the doorway but whatever.
The reason I'm only awarding Ninja 3 stars was because our waiter was a total buffoon.  Total.  He spilled the miso, knocked my friends chopsticks mid-bite.  
Also, 1 of my friends had a glass of tea, another a glass of water, and I had nothing, aside from the so-so wine from the bar downstairs.  I asked,"Can I please get a glass of water as well?"  He said, "Sure, 2 new waters coming up!'  He then took their 2 glasses, one of which was TEA & brought them back with water.
But I still didn't get a water.  Until I asked again.  
He was fairly erratic, it was kind of amusing.  He was nice, but seriously a loon.
Great selection of sushi, we certainly over-ordered but no fear here!
The Angel roll was awesome!!  The rainbow & firefighter were both really tasty as well.  I had heard that the Oak St roll was good, but it was very mayo-ish.  It was good not great, though it served as a nice base since our other dishes were super spicy. 
 Really delicious sushi overall.
They have a sign downstairs that says "Pick Two: Quality, Service, or Price."  
And how.The sushi was good. Not great, but good. The servers were friendly, but it seemed like they were running around confused and the manager seemed clueless. All in all, I'd deem this an average sushi joint. Nothing spectacular, but not terrible.Regarding the food, I have no complaints. It's not the best out there, but it's not awful. It's a good place to eat out with friends during the week and the prices aren't bad, either (order two sushi rolls and get miso soup on the house). 
Regarding the service, some days it can be good, others it can be awful.
One day, I was eating at the bar with a few others and the waitress didn't bring me a menu. OK, whatever. I asked for one, but she didn't come back with one for me. I had to get up and grab one from the pile literally five feet away from me. Never have I had zero interaction with a waitress/waiter. I didn't really see much of her after that.
The last time I went, it seemed like they had an entirely new staff.The sushi is not going to rock your world but it is solid.  The salads are fine. The waiters are nice. The downstairs bar area is kinda creepy. 
The real reason to make a trip to ninja?... the gyoza are perfect.Able to accommodate a party of 12 last minute, separate checks no problem, delicious food? Check.
 I'm down with it. And the music choices. 
A nice place for a nice meal with nice creeps. 
Oh, except the tables feel...tacky? Like sticky but not really. Kind of weird. 
Not the best not the worst pretty great, weird tables.Hilarious. So I am not the only one who wonders about the police officer and the secret-service-looking ear piece of the bartender. Downstairs, where you wait to be seated (upstairs), is -as noted earlier, a bit creepy. But I think this is what happens when you have restaurants in NOLA that are housed in converted buildings; I think it adds to the experience. Kind of like how One Eyed Jacks is a funky converted music venue.
The food is solid, the sushi is great, and the prices are good. An authentic Japanese restaurant, this coming from your Japanese homie. I think its one of the top Japanese sushi joints in NOLA. Fo sho.This place is closest to what you will get in Japan. The sushi is right on. But my god, the service...is...so...bad. If you go there with a party more than yourself, the other person will have to wait for another 30 mins for their food to come out. Once, I finished my entire meal before my spouse's order came out. Another time, I had to special request for the food to come out together. It took them ONE HOUR to serve both of us. This place has been open too long for it to be this disorganized. Their emulation of Japan ends with its food, not the service.I roam the earth in search of great vegetarian sushi and so far Ninja's is the best I've found. My favorite rolls here are the eggplant roll, the Bugs Bunny and the natto. Of those, only the natto is vegan, but they offer plenty of other vegan rolls as well. Note, you have to request the vegetarian menu here as it is separate from the regular one.
My one complaint is this: if Ninja wants to be veg-friendly, why don't they offer a vegetarian option in place of the miso soup, which is included with your meal but contains animals? Obviously a vegetarian miso would be great, but I'd even settle for a little plate of iceberg lettuce with some dressing. If you sit at the bar there is a little free salad as well, but again, full of animals. And again, Ninja's staff won't offer you an alternative. If you do want something to munch on while your omnivore friends are eating their soups and salads, I HIGHLY recommend the cold soba noodle salad. It's phenomenal. Order it the minute you arrive, though; it takes ages to prepare. Removing the egg cake might make it vegan (and certainly won't harm the quality of the dish) but I'm not certain.
Ninja could do a couple things better, but overall the food is great and I forgive them. Meateaters flip for this place too, in my experience.Second attempt and the wait was ridiculous again and my sushi rolls kept falling apart. Not worth it. Go somewhere else.Entering this facility, I was confused.. I thought I entered through the wrong door!  When inside, the bottom area is actually the bar, it looks somewhat old and unpleasing for a sushi restaurant.  While waiting to be seated, we were directed to go upstairs through an eerie stairway, when entering through the doors, wow, what a 360!  The sushi restaurant is upstairs and you would of never expected this place to look like this.  It's small, but has a welcoming vibrant.  Unfortunately, the service was not great... we were seated, but not served until 20 minutes later.. our server never even came to take drink orders!  She is very dingy and slow, she must be a new waitress, hopefully.
The food here is decent, we got the following items:
-Baked salmon:  it was decent, not all that different compared to other sushi places
-Beef tataki:  there beef tataki was not that great and not that tasty
-Black cod appetizer:  this is an awesome fish, its so buttery and flaky, and so delicious, they give you some sort of fish sauce infused side to eat with this, I personally thought it enhanced the black cod, but that's just me
-Chicken yaki udon:  I thought this was okay, just basically your udon noodles stir fried with chicken, wasn't anything big to rave about
-Gyoza:  there gyoza here sucks, very flavorless!
-Hamachi Kama:  this is also another awesome fish!  fried cheeks to perfection dipped in their awesome sauce, perfecto!
-Ninja sashimi appetizer: this was not that great, the fish got hot quick, meaning it was not kept cold enough, they even have imitation crab on this plate.. WHAT THE HECK!#$!$@????
-Tiger's Eye:  this is a decent appetizer roll, it's inner layer is actually a squid
-Tuna Tataki:  their tuna tataki here is pretty awesome, perfect on sear, great on seasonings
-What-A-Roll:  this roll is fried, decent, super huge roll!
-Ninja Roll:  this is their specialty roll, pretty good, super huge, I had to use my hands to pick it up because my chopsticks couldn't
-Soft Shell Crab Roll:  this roll is pretty good, nice size soft shell crab inside
-Devil's Roll:  very hot roll, at first did not realize how much wasabi was actually in there.. so I took a big bite, and caught me surprisingly.. lets just say, that bite would clear all my sinus for the rest of my life
-Rainbow Roll:  nice variety of fishes on here, nothing different from other restaurants
Overall, these dishes were not bad, their rolls are super huge, decent pricing, however I would probably not go here again, there's just so many, much better sushi places around here, but if you just want some good fish, and you're around the area, their black cod fish and hamachi kama will get you right.This place has better sushi than Little Tokyo.
Best place Uptown for sushi. Get the Rainbow Roll!!! Its the shit here. The yakisoka is pretty good as well, but the Udon sucks here.
Bottomline. come here for sushiThis food was awful. We ordered the tofu and some stir fry. The tofu was just a whole block of warmed up silken tofu with sauce on the side. It wasn't even marinated or cooked in the sauce. A block of silken tofu.... I love me some tofu but you have to prepare and flavor it properly. Don't just give me an entire block/slab of tofu straight from its package. This was just lazy. Our stir fry didn't even come with rice and the taste was lacking. No significant Asian flavor at all. Just bland fried vegetables. This place is over priced. With that order just described it cost us about $30. Not worth it.I do not understand the low rating of Ninja. As I've stated in a previous review of a sushi restaurant in nola: "if you are from California, do not compare your best of the best asian restaurants to what we have here in nola." Having said that, I have been to some awesome sushi places from L.A. to SF, Portland, Seattle, and NYC, and Ninja is about as good as you're going to get in southern Louisiana IMO. This is my favorite japanese in New Orleans. Go to the sushi bar and if you're polite you may get some secret favors, not to mention the freshest, melt in your mouth hamachi that you've had. Try the Hotate (scallop), you won't be disappointed. 
For "so good I keep eating even though I'm beyond full" food, please try Ninja, but don't take my seat!One of my friends recommended me to this place so I gave it a try.
The server was friendly but the food wasn't good at all.
I ordered lots of rolls since I love them but as soon as I grab them with my chopsticks, it fell apart. The restaurant was busy so I really expected some decent food here but I was wrong.Great Sushi, Uninspired Atmosphere, Fair Service
The food is excellent: fresh, balanced portions, great flavors. The menu is pretty extensive; a similar number of cooked dishes, noodle/rice based and sushi/sashimi. Prices are average for a sushi place (around $6 for regular rolls, $12 for specialty rolls,$7-$12 for rice/noodle dishes). 
Service is decent; not overly impressive but not poor. Wait staff are knowledgeable and enthusiastic, but as some have noted, during busy hours, they are stretched thin.
The atmosphere is what loses stars for me. You have to walk through the downstairs bar and up stairs to get to the restaurant and the presentation is passable (clean but nondescript - a bar, a few tables, a flat screen on the wall), but upstairs the decor, tables, lighting are reminiscent of a low-end all you can eat buffet place. The tables are formica, the chairs are eighties "modern", the lighting is dim but not in an intimate way, more like the lighting is half-out.
The food is so good I'll come back again and again, but it would be great if they would consider the ambience and make some changes.Had a wonderful experience. The food was fantastic and they could not be nicer! Great sushi for adults and the kids had a blast!I really like this place. The rolls and sushi are excellent. If only I could bring over the Dynamite Roll from Little Tokyo, it would be perfect. But, the special crunchy roll is great, as are the rainbow and devil rolls and everything else I've had. I'm really not quite sure why the reviews here aren't stellar - maybe the atmosphere is kinda funky, and the layout certainly is, but the food is excellent. I have several colleagues I introduced to the place and all three of us -- who have eaten Japanese broadly (one even on several visits to Japan) agree this is the best we've had in NOLA. In my view the prices are reasonable as sushi places go, though not cheap. 
I will keep coming back here again and again, I expect. Mmm!I've been here several times, but last time was awful. Our waitress was a joke, messed everything up, didn't know what was in anything, couldn't answer any questions, and took over an hour to get a sashimi appetizer on our table while drinks sat empty for the last half hour. By then our rolls and salad had sat at the sushi bar and were gross and soggy by time they hit the table (hour an a half in). Was very let down as I like this place. Wasn't a busy night either, saw tables eat, leave, be bussed, re sat, and new customers get food before our app came. Totally abysmal!! Tried to go back in and got rude service again and the manager did absolutely nothing about itSO disappointed!! I have heard great things about this place, but the service and sushi were both horrible! Won't be back!I wish I had better things to say, but I consistently don't like what I get from Ninja if my friends want to go there.  The fish never feels fresh, and the rolls are completely unexciting and unoriginal.  And the place is not cheap.
Last time I went I had a bone in my salmon sashimi. Soo unacceptable.  It will be the last time I go.It doesn't even deserve one star. Absolutely disgusting. I can't believe I didn't read reviews beforehand. Fish was extremely smelly, mushy and pale. Ghost Rider Roll was supposed to be wrapped in salmon. I'm not sure what this was. The sweet potato strings were stale and tasted like cardboard. Lettuce Wraps were awful too. The iceberg lettuce was brown and rotted in spots. The portion was ridiculously small and the sauce leaked everywhere because they use crappy containers. This place needs to be shut down. I called the restaurant and asked for a refund. The lovely hostess assured me she'd have her manager call me in 5 minutes... that was 42m ago.I tried this place a while ago, after so many people had raved about it.  This was during the time that Oak St. was being worked on, so it was kind of a challenge getting there in the first place.
Anyway, I went and I wasn't really blown away by the food here.  I got my usual: salmon sashimi and a couple of rolls.  They were good, but not good enough for me to go out of my way to get here.  
I will, however, comend them on their atmosphere.  The place is quite large, well lit, and I liked the modern feel.  Also, for dessert I got some green tea ice cream and I was blown away at how yummy and refreshing it was.I love the name and theme of this restaurant. Although the waitress was more focused one person in my group, the sushi was not that bad.Disaster.  We ordered a largish meal via uber eats.  45 minutes later, about a third of it arrived.  I called and they said they would send the other two-thirds - which would show up maybe in hour. No apology - basically a lot of attitude. I called back in an hour and was told the food wasn't coming, that it was Uber's fault because they were supposed to check the order, and that they never sent another car.  I called uber and got my money back (they - at least - were apologetic), but would never visit this business again.  In addition to terrible customer service, the food that did arrive wasn't any good.  Please save yourself the hassle and try another option.Ninja needs to take down all of the references to the quality of their sushi. They don't serve actual sushi there. Fish with brittle long grain rice is not sushi.
No matter how good the fish is, and it is good, gritty rice ruins the whole experience. It  is an actual slap in the face for anyone who knows what they are supposed to be getting.
Zagat might just want to tell Ninja to stop using their name.New owners. It's not the same. Classic rolls are gone and they are also shrinking in size. After 18 years I will be forced to find a new sushi spot.Didn't stay to eat, my friends just ordered to go. We were originally planning to dine in but we had somewhere to be so we decided to order to go for times sake. 
On this visit, my biggest complaint is that when we walked in, we weren't acknowledged at all besides some stares from the sushi bar chefs. We stood there for quite a bit before a waiter came over to greet us. It looked quite busy tonight but a simple "good evening, we will be right with you" would have been appreciated and made us feel less awkward and neglected. 
The interior is quite nice looking with, appropriately decorated, Japanese paintings and decorations with a casual ambiance. I would like to come back and try the Fuji Apple Martini. I absolutely love Fuji apples. Glancing through the menu, all the rolls sound delicious and have many unique roll items.Was not impressed by this place. They're a bit high on price and the staff didn't seem to care for anyone. Trust me, there are better spots in New Orleans for sushi.Having lived in SF and Seattle, I've grown to love sushi.  At first, I was skeptical about trying sushi in NO, but after trying Ninja out, I was pleasantly surprised with how great the rolls tasted.  Another thing that still surprises me is how cheap the rolls are compared to the west coast.  I'm still trying to figure out why there is a dive bar on the first floor, and how the only people that I ever see there are 1) a police officer I see almost every time I go and 2) the bartender who has a secret service looking ear-piece so he can talk to the staff upstairs.  The sushi chefs work right in front of you, and all the rolls I've ever tried were fresh and well presented.   The service is good and the orders come out relatively quickly.  If you're craving for some sushi, or just looking for a nice change from southern food, I would recommend that you try this place.I used to really love Ninja and they used to be one of the best sushi joints in town.  My last many visits though have just really disappointed me.  Some of my rolls have just tasted bad and they have often just fallen apart into a crumbled mess.  I have just found that I really no longer have a desire to go there and when I want sushi I really just greatly prefer Kanno.Ok, here's the thing. I come here just about every week because there is no better sushi in town. However, the building and ambiance is just plain weird and funky - and not in a particularly good way (smelly sometimes, and just bad, bad feng shui). What were they thinking when they renovated this place after that cute, little place they were in on Jeannette Street? I mean, yes, Oak St. is a great location, but if it weren't for sushi and the great chefs at the bar, I think this place would tank just from the weirdness. Service can be spotty too. With new kids training and going every week, I think management is still a growing edge.  
Still, I come back for the fresh salmon box, the shitake sushi, the crunchy roll, and so much sushi goodness.Everything is smaller than the pictures they showed you on the menu. They refill your coke.The "tuna" they served me was a disgrace. This was the least fresh sushi I've EVER laid eyes on. What kind of dynamite roll is yellow/brown/white?! The sushi also smelled like a rotting corpse. Not to mention that the spicy salmon roll was also not fresh. I'm surprised I didn't pass out from the fumes of this "sushi". Do yourself a favor Ninja, close your restaurant. 
This was the second time I ordered Ninja sushi and both times were just awful. I'll stick to Asuka or Chiba, which seem to be the only two decent sushi places around here.I want to start off by saying I don't ever leave reviews and actually had to download the yelp app just to leave this review!  Ninja is by far the best choice for sushi in New Orleans hands down!  Over the past year I have only experienced a great meal for every experience and after eating here tonight I have decided this is one of the best overall restaurants in the city hands down!  The surf and turf sushi is phenomenal and make sure to start with the Tokyo nachos.  The owner (named Ricky) brought us out a new chocolate desert out, as he knows how much I love desert, and it was the most amazing thing I have ever eating!  Incredible atmosphere, great staff and I always feel like part of the family when I come !  Do not miss out!By far my favorite sushi in New Orleans!! They also get to know their customers which makes the overall experience fantastic.Came in town on a Saturday night (March 2012) and thought I'd get into the Cajun place down the street - 90 min wait. BBQ place closed early for slow night? So, I like sushi and so does my travel companion. All of our sushi choices were delicious, fresh and well prepared form the signature rolls to the standards. My friend even enjoyed a steak. Service however was, as others stated, lackluster. Young guy, friendly but forgotten items such as beverages, refills and keeping up on when our orders were up. We weren't in a hurry so it wasn't a big deal but did leave the impression of an inexperienced, rotating university student staff. So my rating is heavy on the food quality but I would return despite the inconsistent service level.Let me first say I understand that debating great sushi places can get dicey -- everyone in my office has their favorite, and the arguments about where to go for lunch can get heated.  But, they know not to debate my profound love for Ninja.  I like a lot of sushi places in the city, but anytime I go to any other place, I find myself wishing I had just gone to Ninja.
Yes, the atmosphere is unfortunate, but I don't go here for atmosphere or even fine-dining caliber service.  I go for the extremely fresh, well-portioned, flavorful food.  The salmon box is delicious -- just the right amount of filling, plus they add green onions to the top for a little savory.  Regular rolls come with 8 large pieces and you get miso soup with your order, making it easy to fill up for lunch without spending a fortune.  I like all of the rolls but the What-A-Roll is my favorite -- the white fish is amazing!  I've never had a problem with the rolls falling apart, and although the servers sometimes seem scattered, they've always been attentive.  If you sit at the bar, the chef is very friendly and will often let you sample sides.If you are in a hurry, or even just want timely service, or if you like refills on water, or anything related to good service, don't come here! We came in for lunch, on a Tuesday when it wasn't busy, we waited 45 mins just to get one sushi roll brought to us and people who ordered after us got theirs first, it was just rude.
The sushi was decent but honestly by the time we got our food I was ready to eat my own hand,Decent sushi, if a bit on the pricey side.  The potstickers had a great flavor, but had stuck to the pot too much, and were torn.  No big deal.  
It is most certainly a kid-friendly restaurant.  It was full of babies and toddlers.  I don't have a problem with this at all, I just wish I had known beforehand.  The kids were mostly well-behaved, and the ones who weren't were not Ninja's fault.  The children do get a super-cool kid's plate, which looked pretty awesome, and made me a little jealous.
They did set up a haunted house in the downstairs, which is pretty darn awesome.I used to really like Ninja. It was my first sushi restaurant experience, so I held on for sentimental reasons. The chicken yakisoba is still fantastic and it comes with the best cucumber/crab stick salad I've found in the city so far. The sushi is decent and sitting at the sushi bar is a good time. However, the service is extremely spotty. It felt like we were being actively ignored during my most recent visit. Placing an order, getting drinks, and getting the check took forever. I made eye contact with the server who proceeded to do multiple other things of little consequence before checking with my table. Unless I had an absolute hankering for some bomb noodles, I will go elsewhere for sushi and service.THIS IS A REVIEW FROM A GRUBHUB DELIVERY DRIVER. I have never actually eaten here - so I cannot speak to the quality of the food. However, I was attempting to pick up a delivery recently and was treated very rudely by the staff. Upon entering the restaurant, I was told that my order wasn't ready yet. No big deal, happens all the time as a GH driver. Since I had some time to kill and knew I would be waiting on an order for a while, I asked if I could use their restroom. I was told that only customers are allowed to use the bathrooms here ... this is not true as I have picked up from Ninja before and used their restroom. As GH drivers we are actually advised to take advantage of restaurant bathrooms during our shifts. Thinking that I would only be waiting for a few minutes, I decided not to fight it and took a seat (where I was directed to) at the sushi bar. After about two minutes, the hostess informs me that I am actually not allowed to sit where she initially directed me to sit and tells me I have to move because she doesn't want to get yelled at. I've worked at many restaurants and understand the pressure that comes with the job, but now working as a delivery driver I see that restaurants need to set their care for us at a higher priority.***GOOD***FOOD***FOR***LOW***PRICES***
Tasty food, the menu offers a good variety of dishes, very friendly service, and inexpensive! 
My favorite is the dragon roll and cucumber/seaweed salad and of course the hot sake. For dessert we shared cheese cake rolls with ice cream and cream mmmmmmhhhhhh ... That was very nice. 
It was my friends birthday dinner and 4 of us sharing 6 dishes, 2 bottles of sake, 1 dessert and sipping on green tea all this for $100 inc tip, YES that is a very good deal
I wouldn't recommend it for a romantic evening out as there is little ambience. The light is bright and the interior isn't inspiring. 
Food 3.5 stars
Price 5 stars
Ambience 2 stars
Service 3.5 stars
I certainly would eat in Ninjas again and recommend it to everyone as great food on a budget.The best sushi in New Orleans hands down. The atmosphere is pretty unique--a bar/waiting area on the 1st floor, with the actual restaurant on the 2nd floor (and it's pretty nice once you head upstairs). Service can be spotty, and you may have to wait, especially during peak hours, but it's all about the sushi, and boy is it worth it.
I've eaten at just about every sushi restaurant in the New Orleans/Metairie area and Ninja's fish is always the freshest. Their Tuna just melts in your mouth. Try the Tuna Box for a sublime experience. Portions are fairly generous, and they will always bring you a bowl of miso soup before your sushi comes out if you ask nicely. Gyoza and squid salad are also excellent.
All in all, the sushi makes up for the few shortcomings the establishment itself has. If your goal is fresh, tasty fish/rolls, then Ninja is the place to be.I have used the Local Flavor App at this restaurant quite a few times without a problem. I usually eat at the restaurant and bring a friend. But this time I decided to call in my order for take out and I happened to have a Local Flavor coupon. When I tried to redeem the coupon, the manager (owner?) informed me that it could not be used for take out orders. I did not read the fine print but it wasn't a big deal so I told him that it was fine, I would eat it there. Then he tells me that I would have to eat it ALL there. I told him I may have a few pieces left because I typically do not finish all of my order and I also told him that I have used these coupons before and they had no problem with me taking my leftovers to go. He still insisted that I could not take any with me. Well, of course, I didn't want to pay for sushi that I couldn't eat so I told him I would just not purchase any of it on principle. This used to be my favorite sushi restaurant. But after this experience, I will never return. There are too many good sushi restaurants in the city to have to deal with petty people like this.terrible. house salad dressing was not the best, miso tasteless, sushi is low quality and poorly rolled. it wasn't gross but it wasn't okay.Delicious food and friendly staff. 
Also, they  have an entire vegetarian menu of sushi.
This is one of my favorite restaurants.
The only critique I have is that their rewards card doesn't generate any significant amount of points; so, there's no use in using it.Not coming back for sure. The rolls was bland.too much rice on it.DONT order the Nabeyaki Udon! It taste awful!!!Walmart maruchan taste way much better! the only thing that taste really good was the sapporo beer!Ninja is my go-to for "regular" sushi. If I'm feeling fancy, Horinoya. If I'm feeling douchey (just kidding - but the pulsing dance music is so lame) Rock'n'Sake. 
My boyfriend and I go here probably once a month. The quality is consistent and the service is great. The chefs are friendly and helpful and always willing to make adjustments for you. We always sit at the bar and I've noticed that service is a bit more detached when you choose a table. Edmund is the chef we normally pick, but the owner Momo is pretty masterful as well and we'll always have a soft spot for Moriaki (he left a few years back, but the special roll that's named after him? AMAZING) 
We rotate through a number of favorite rolls and dishes, so here's the skinny on our faves:
*Tuna Box - pressed crab & rice topped with buttery tuna, roe & green onion
*Special Crunchy Roll - crab roll topped with fried tempura and 4 sauces
*Spicy Salmon Roll (add cream cheese) - spicy fresh salmon with cream cheese and avocado
*Moriaki Roll - tuna, salmon & yellowtail with clover sprouts
*Goma Miso Roll - crab mix served with a unique miso dipping sauce
*Rock'n'Roll - tempura shrimp served with a tangy roe sauce
*Cajun Tuna Tataki - seared tuna with cajun spices served with ponzu sauce and green onion
*Okra & Asparagus Tempura - deep fried split okra and asparagus spears
*Baked Yellowtail Neck - crispy, meaty and flavorful baked yellowtail
*Ninja Salad - cucumber and crab-based salad with roe and creamy wasabi dressing 
My boyfriend also raves about their udon, but I can't seem to order anything else when I go there because the sushi is so delicious. I've heard a lot of mixed stuff about Ninja, but as someone who has been a regular for over 5 years now, I have to say it's the best value for quality sushi in New Orleans.Cajun Tuna Titaki was great.  I believe sitting at the bar is best.  The dining room's ambiance is not great.  I think it negatively reflects on your idea of what the food will taste like.  At the bar, you are able to focus on the skill of the sushi chef.  Pretty cool that the owner is working behind the bar as well.I've been eating at Ninja since they were in the little house on Jeannette St.  Although I still like this restaurant and eat here frequently, I remember it being much better when it was in that little house.  Maybe it is just because I was a teenager and hadn't eaten at too many Japanese restaurants.
The current location is ok.  The upstairs dining room is definitely much nicer than the crazy dungeon bar they have when you walk in downstairs.  They staff at Ninja has always been a little standoffish and rude but I have kind of learned to expect that at Ninja.
The sushi is high quality and they usually have some off the menu fresh fish that is the special for the the night. 
Their selection of rolls is large and most are very good.  I especially like to get their sashimi dinner.
Like many of the long standing Uptown Japanese restaurants (Kyoto and Hana) this place is consistent and fairly priced and always a good meal.I remember eating at Ninja years ago and really liking it, but my husband and I ate there yesterday and were extremely disappointed. We spent $50 on 6 regular rolls for lunch and it wasn't even good. The yellowtail, white tuna, and scallop were really fishy. The snow crab was weird and dry and the BBQ eel was over cooked and chewy. The only decent roll we had was the salmon avocado. The waiter was nice but seemed stoned.  If you want good sushi go to Sushi Brothers on St. Charles or all you can eat (not buffet) at Sushi village in Metairie.Best Sushi in New Orleans, no question. If you're going to eat sushi, you should be eating it here. I order take out all the time, only downside is they take a while to put your order together. Usually about 30 minutes, but its worth itService was awful. We were the only two people In the entire place and it took 40 minutes for two rolls. The waitress came and said the computer was broken and she forgot so the chef never got our order. To top it off the roll fell apart once picked up and was filled with mainly crab and avocado with very small amount of fish and it was $17!  Outrageous. Will never eat here again.High food rating, but service...ok so well the sort of weird layout of the restaurant has been mentioned. The upstairs, clean, bright and pretty hip, is a totally different world from the first floor, which has this sort of shack-like bar appearance. Once we got seated on the second floor, everything was great, but it took them forever to get us seated (they must have told us "5 more minutes" at least  6 times over the course of 45 min.
Anyway, so if you have time on your hands, I'd recommend this restaurant. I liked my rolls and the tempura was very good too.Excellent okra & asparagus tempura, as well as blue crab sushi.  Ninja was just about the first sushi restaurant open in NOLA and they still do a really great job.I really couldn't decide how many stars to give Ninja. Before I went today I would have probably given a two, but now it turns out they have an entire vegetarian menu! (make sure to ask for it!!) The server was great and very attentive - although the food took forever even on a slow sunday lunch. It likely had to do with the football game. The soba salad  and Richard roll off the veggie menu were GREAT. I also got the bugs bunny and sweet potato tempura rolls and I have to say they were solid but something about the balance was off. Not enough of the carrot or sweet potato came through. They also made the women's room more family friendly by adding a changing area. For the first time in a very long time, I am actually looking forward to returning to Ninja.I love Ninja!!!! Best sushi in New Orleans.  I love the miso soup, seaweed salad and either the regular crunchy roll or the special crunchy roll... then some green tea ice cream!  This place is so good! Very affordable.  The crunchy roll cost less than $5 and it is my fav! I have dined in and also ordered for pick up and they are very fast.  Yum yum yum you have to try this place out!!  I love you Ninja!The sushi is great but a tad overpriced.
Overall though excellent food. Best miso soup I've ever had and the fish is very fresh which is a must.
Their selection of specialty rolls is wonderful and after eating here I don't think I'd ever go anywhere else for a crunchy roll.If you're familiar with all of my previous reviews, which I assume you are, then you know that vegetarian sushi is one of my favorite weird things. I have a lot of discussions with people that go like this: 
Me: I love sushi
People: But sushi has fish in it and I'm pretty sure you don't usually get down with dead animals in your mouth
Me: lol
Me: Seriously though I love sushi
So long story short, I went to New Orleans for this thing, and there was some conflict going on in the car on the drive there cuz my sister was all like, "waaaaaa something something!!" (To be honest, scientists have studied the hieroglyphics of what she was saying for years, and they still have no idea what she was getting at.) So things were tense in the vehicle, and I took a moment, and got out, and walked around, and saw a Church's chicken, and then it hit me: We should go to a sushi place. 
So we found Ninja and went inside of it, and at first we were like, "wait, what??" because it was just an empty bar! Free booze would have been fine too, but no, we somehow found out that you go upstairs to eat. Either a sign or a person told us. Probably either a very loud sign or a very square-shaped person.
And because we always do our research, we knew that there was a separate vegetarian menu, so we asked for it, and we ordered a bunch of things, and they all tasted really good. I didn't try any tempura because you know how my sister is, but what we got was the godzilla roll, the tofu roll, the natto roll, and one other one that I don't remember, so it was probably the least awesome of them. 
The tofu roll was my favorite because let's face it, fresh ginger is one of the greatest inventions in American history, and this thing was full of it. My sister liked the godzilla roll (eyeroll), but even though I rolled my eyes just now, she was right, it was really good.
My other friend got some noodles, and I dunno, I probably wouldn't do that if I were you, unless you like noodles better than sushi rolls, but I know you're not that kind of person. But my friend is. 
The service was somewhat slow, but the waiter was really cool and kept cracking wise and filling our waters, and we had a lot of business to discuss and a lot of beers to drink anyway, so we didn't mind.
And then, something weird happened. When we were gonna pay, there was this weird thing where you roll the dice, and if you get some combination of something-or-other, then you get some amount off your bill, I'm not really sure, but it was exciting, and I rolled the dice, and I lost. And I kinda noticed that no one else was doing this weird dice thing before leaving the restaurant, so either (a) it's a thing for tourists, which I was, which they probably knew by my fanny pack and visor and the binoculars around my neck, or (b) it was one of those situations where the cops need to get my fingerprints, but they can't just come out and ask me for them, so they have to create an elaborate ruse in order to obtain them. Either way, good fun was had by all, except for my two dining companions because they didn't get to roll the dice.!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!Do not eat here 
I was sick for two days from food poisoning 
I tried to contact them through Facebook and they won't reply 
Stay away far away
Unless u want food poisoning 
!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!!
!!!!!!!!!!This restaurant is a split level with a split personality to match. When you first walk in, you are in a small, dimly lit bar area.  When a table is ready, the bartender tells you to go up the stairs. Upstairs is like an entirely different location. It's large, open, bright, and full of life. I enjoyed the sushi, but beware the dragon roll, I think it was. I have never consumed anything so spicy in my entire life - and I'm Mexican!  All three of us had tears in our eyes from the heat of that one. It was either the dragon roll or maybe the devil roll. All in all, I had a great experience and it was not overpriced. I would definitely go back.Ninja! My go to place for dine in and take out for years now. I was so siked about the Uber eats convenience since we don't live 2 minutes away anymore. All I can ask is what happened? Ive watched the quality steadily decline. The rolls seem messily thrown together. They always fall apart. $10 for an order of shishito peppers?  The goma miso is changed to a dark, thick miso instead of the light brown, sweet miso on top. The ninja salad seems like a different recipe is used each time I order it. I miss the consistency that I know from this place.I actually tried sushi here for the first time ever. Good service and it's nice inside. However I feel like it's just any other sushi place. Not bad at all but just averageI've been wary of trying Ninja because I've heard bad friends, but a few friends encouraged me to give it a shot, so I did. Never taking advice from those friends again. 
First, we ordered delivery and were told it would take an hour. 45 minutes later they called asking about our order. It was clear they had not started cooking it. We ordered a kids meal, and the person eating it doesn't eat fish. We asked for two servings of rice instead of miso, and were told the chicken rice touches seafood. Really? We said it was fine if they were battered and fried or even prepared in the same place, they said no, it comes in direct contact with seafood. We were a little disturbed, mostly because of cross contamination concerns. We should have just cancelled our order then, but we figured we'd give it a try. 
2 hours later our food had still not been delivered. We called several times before we got an answer, and were told the driver was just leaving. He didn't get to us for another 15 minutes. 
The sushi was just okay. I've had better at chinese buffets. The kid's meal was a nightmare. It was supposed to have chicken, rice, miso, edamame, and sweet potatoes (we were to get 2 rices instead of a miso). Instead, we got one rice, edamame, and chicken. No sweet potatoes to be found. Then, as it was being eaten, we found a bone in the boneless chicken! It was a miracle it wasn't swallowed on choked on. I called to complain, and it took about half an hour to get an answer. Then, they seemed completely indifferent to the fact that a child could have choked on a bone in their boneless chicken. I finally talked to a manager, who hung up on me. Someone else called me back and told me that I would be refunded the money for the kids meal, but the charge just cleared, and guess what? I was charged the full amount. 
Bottom line, there are WAY better sushi places that offer delivery, without a minimum, without a delivery charge, and within a reasonable amount of time. I will NEVER go here again.This place is overpriced, takes forever to get you your food (we ordered takeout through UberEATS and two hours after we ordered, we called and they said they had forgotten to make it - the UberEATS driver had to wait for about 45 minutes), and the sushi is bland and nothing special. Try one of the other good sushi places in town before this one.This restaurant takes nolabucks so it was one I used to frequent, but I won't be going back after last night's visit. My friends and I ordered the chicken donburri, which came out RAW. We sent it back, but our server brought it back a few minutes later claiming that it was "dark meat". He had simply removed the raw bits of meat from the dish, even though the normal protocol would be to recook it. Having had this happen before, I had taken a photo of it before sending it back, and we re-checked the photo - and the chicken was evidently very pink. When I informed the server and showed him the photo, he got mad and angrily took it back when I asked him to bring us new ones. Incredibly rude and unprofessional. We had to wait an additional 20 minutes for our food. 
DO NOT EAT HERE unless you want food poisoning/terrible service. I was very disappointed with the way the situation was handled, and will not be visiting again.I won't go back. The fish was mediocre, and the rice was cruncy and dry, as opposed to sticky. Service was attentive, but had no recomendations.  Nice that you can park easily, but that's about the only reason I gave it a 2.Frozen (long term) fish, it has to be.. It's mushy and discolored. Yuck.Awesome sushi! Glad that this place is within walking distance from home I haven't had anything that I haven't gobbled down like a savage beast because it's so delicious. My only small complaint which is not really a complaint since I'm picky about the service industry having worked on it for 10yrs,the service at my last experience yestetday was slow and not too attentive. I think the guy was new so still tipped well amd enjoyed myself.My husband used to frequent this place when he went to Tulane, he loved it. My first experience with it last night was, underwhelming. The food didn't taste fresh, the sashimi was fishy, the rolls (which weren't cooked) were warm and it was over all a pretty meh experience. However, their presentation is beautiful. What you should DEFINITELY know before choosing ninja is that I got terrible food poisoning from eating there last night and have been completely bedridden all day. I would definitely never recommend this place to anyone, because food poisoning this bad isn't something I would wish on my worst enemy.Super weird experience.   We went at 8pm on a Saturday night.   Not a single person was downstairs so we went upstairs to the dining room.  Almost every table was full but there was only one waitress, who was also acting as a hostess.   There was one runner,  4 sushi chefs.    It took us 40 minutes to get a drink,  40 minutes to get an app, and over an hour for our rolls.   The blue crab was bad and the mayo smelled awful,  they replaced it quickly only because I walked into the kitchen to ask to speak to the owner/manager -- we were late for a concert.
It appears like the 4 sushi chefs are SUPER busy all the time,  which was weird because no one was getting served.  A lot of tables were complaining about not getting food.  Salads & hibachi came quicker than rolls.   We decided that it seemed like the take out orders were constantly being put in front of the dining orders,  we kept seeing Waitr and Uber Eats delivery drivers as well as people coming up for take out.  
At the end of the meal the owner promised free stuff on the next meal and showed us how good his desserts looked but it was kind of weird and too little too late.Ninja has been my go-to sushi spot ever since I moved  to New Orleans. I am an absolute sucker for their beef tataki; it's so tangy and satisfying. When coming here, I stick to a few favorite rolls: the Miami roll, California roll and crunchy roll. Other splurge favorites include the soft shell crab roll and the gomamiso roll. The gomamiso roll is smothered in an excellent peanut sauce which I find to be a nice change of pace. The miso soup here is also a particular favorite of mine.
If I was writing this review before the whole "Japanese tapas" revolution happened here, the review would be better, but I have absolutely no love for the new menu. It's not even the menu items really; there are just simply too many pictures and (dare I say it) too many items to choose from! I've tried some of the new options, and each time I try something new, I've been disappointed. And admittedly, if I was going to overhaul something about the restaurant, I would take a real good look at the decor. The entrance/bar area is very dark and gives off a dungeon vibe.
I find myself opting for take out rather than wanting to go into the restaurant for dinner. In my experience, this is never a good sign. Over time I feel like I'm losing interest. But in a pinch, when I get a sushi craving, I do remember to call in.I don't know why I keep giving this restaurant more chances because every time I do it seems to let me down more! I think a few years ago the old owners sold the place...to the great detriment of this restaurant.
I grew up going to this sushi restaurant and absolutely loved their goma miso roll, rainbow roll, and eel roll. I even loved the ambiance of their "new" location on Oak.
The goma miso sauce is watery where it used to be deliciously thick, bland where it used to have a peppery miso-y bite....the rainbow roll is smaller than it used to be and uses lower quality salmon and tuna on top, and the snow crab used inside isn't as tasty or flavorful as it once was...the eel is overcooked. 
When I called the restaurant to ask them about the changes the girl at the front desk said she'd talk to the manager and then came back on the phone to say that "this is how we've always done it; there's nothing we can do about your disappointment,"
For shame. You've lost a customer, Ninja.We ate at Ninja's  to sample the menu. We met the owners who are delightful and we were early enough to monopolize the kitchen before the supper crowd arrived. The menu was traditional sushi and a Japanese menu. We chose the Japanese menu. tempura was superb; Shrimp dish was also very good. Good ambience and we recommend. We will return for traditional sushi. ichiban.I've been eating at Ninja since the '90s, and it's one of my very favorite sushi places in New Orleans. The sushi and sashimi are consistently tasty. Also important to me now are the kids' dinners and the non-sushi dishes since I dine with people who require those options. The kids' "boats" or train-shaped meals have surprised many children I've brought here with how much they like and will finish the food. (Also comes with a fun free toy--just ask.) For people who don't like sushi, the teriyaki and tempura are very good. But back to the sushi--I recommend the sashimi set, crawfish rolls, and my favorite that I've yet to see elsewhere--the Fried Oyster Roll. The last one is amazing!I love sushi, and when my friend started working at Ninja, I got really excited to come in on their shifts. However, I must say that I was disappointed in the sushi here. The quality of the fish was good for the price, but the rolls were really flabby and didn't stay together at all. The wasabi was cheap and tasted off. There was a woman who seemed to run the place who ran around screaming at her staff, which isn't fun to watch if you're eating. On a second visit I tried some noodles and kitchen dishes to test out the Japanese fare, and I was even more disappointed. Bland, over-fried, and oily. There also tend to be a lot of noisy kids there.
Finally, I have to get to the wage practices. Anyone who goes to Ninja should know that if you pay with a credit card (and everyone pays with a credit card), the Ninja owners will deduct the credit card fees (3%) from the tips that should be going to the hard-working wait staff. That's just the tip of the iceberg for the money shenanigans there, but it does  affect consumers: Don't we like to know that our money goes where we intend it to go? Oh yeah, they also take a large chunk off the top of tips for an undisclosed fund.
That probably explains the bad service, my friend included.Ninja has become such a bummer since it changed ownership. Recipes have changed, corners have been cut, and there just isn't the same exacting quality. Cucumbers in the ninja salad aren't sliced as thin as they should be, the seasoned snow crab filling in many rolls has been replaced with plain crab stick, no more lemon slices on the rainbow roll, sushi rice is of variable quality (sometimes it's great, other times it doesn't hold together). 
It's too bad. This place used to be great. But, the new management just doesn't have the same commitment to quality.I want very badly to give this place two stars, but I'm going to be a sweetheart and permit a three.  
So Ninja, you're a pretty legit sushi joint - large dining area upstairs (a bar downstairs), a mostly respectable staff, and vegetarian options.  I've visited you four or so times, but one of those three times I had to endure ridiculously bad service, so yeah, darn skippy I am going to hold a grudge.
You would assume that since Ninja has a special Vegetarian Menu, they'd be sensitive to vegetarian/vegan needs.  Not always the case!  Once upon a time I dined here with a rather large group and I ordered your basic vegetable roll off the menu.  It arrived, encased in roe.  I was a tad peeved, so I summoned the waiter and explained that I was vegan and roe wasn't quite vegan friendly.  
He was a douche about it.  I understood perfectly well that the sushi preparation station may sometimes not be the most pristine, yes and that pesky roe sneaks in to all sorts of things.  But after this explanation he not-so-subtly insinuated that perhaps I shouldn't dine at Ninja if I was so concerned with roe speckled vegetarian rolls.  And furthermore, I didn't do my due diligence in informing him of my strict requirements, so that he could've instructed the sushi preparer to scrub down his station.  Who pissed in this kid's Cheerios?  Sheesh.
Anyway, he begrudgingly took my vegetable rolls back to the kitchen and well, what do you know - the new order also arrived studded with roe, although a lesser amount.  I pretty much gave up then and sent the rolls back, not without the waiter rolling his eyes.  If I had to guess, I'd be willing to wager some vegan somewhere broke his heart/or stole his significant other in the past.
I will happily report that my following visits after that incident were mostly pleasant - no roe contamination and friendly service.  The veggie options are decent, but I don't think I've ever been really wowed.  A fun meal trick is to challenge your tablemates to the wasabi root roll and see whether or not they can follow through and how many tears many to sneak out.  
Anyway, that one isolated incident did kind of put me off, but I have been back so I guess it wasn't that traumatic . . . hrmph.Honestly they don't even deserve one star but this stupid app made me give them at least one!!
1st of all it took an hr 1/2 to get here, then when we finally get the food the drinks were hot! The amount of food they gave us one enough for a mouse to eat, I ordered calamari and literally got 5 pieces I ordered a crunchy roll which was not crunchy and I believe they just gave us a California roll to pass off as a crunchy one. The fried rice I ordered for SIX DOLLARS was a little cup the size of one u would get a side of dressing in, enough for 2 or 3 bites. The soup was cold and they only gave us one soy sauce packet. So I'm guessing there stingy lazy and cheap! Well not cheap for the customer! I will never spend $50 at this restaurant again what did I even pay for this place is BS
PATHETIC!!!!!!!!!I LOVE NINJA! It's my favorite sushi place in New Orleans.  Things to order: special crunchy roll, rainbow roll, tuna tataki, gyoza, squid salad, seafood salad, box sushi...the list goes on and on.i love sushi.  sushi, sushi, sushi.  
i had my first bite of raw tuna in nyc when i was about 20 years old.  sitting outside at go on st. mark's.  i was determined to keep it down.  then i discovered that there is better sushi than go's - sushi you don't have to will yourself to swallow.  what a revelation!
since then, i've had some of the best sushi available in this country - from blue ribbon to sasabune.  but rest assured, i'm not rating ninja based on all the sushi i ever had: i'm basing the three stars on what i had in new orleans.
this place was hyped more than every quentin tarantino movie i refused to see after film school and i'm still trying to figure out why.  
its nice and clean and friendly.  there's plenty of seating and lots of those kinds of rolls with the silly names and tempura flakes in them for the people scared to actually taste raw fish.  and it's a bit pricey.
also, i went on a monday early for dinner (6ish) and it was LOUSY with brats.  i mean, i understand the children are our future and all that but every other table had one or more sippy cups and screaming tantrums.  it was surreal.
wasabi in the marigny tasted like what everyone had primed me to expect ninja to be.  and ninja instead came off suburban and pedestrian.My fiance and I have both ate at Ninja Sushi and had food delivered from there for a couple of years now.  Unfortunately, we had a terrible delivery situation last Sunday night (10/16/11).  I was told the food would arrive between an hour and fifteen minutes and an hour and a half; the food arrived after two hours.  While that was unfortunate, my main concern was that our tempura appetizer was cold and two of our sushi orders fell apart when you picked them up.  Both of these instances occurred because the food had been sitting around and not delivered on time.  The tempura should have been at least somewhat warm and the sushi would have been better maintained if delivered on time as the sauce wouldn't have permeated the rice, making the rolls fall apart.  Due to these factors, all three items were inedible.  I contacted the restaurant and asked for some kind of goodwill gesture, which was not afforded to me.  I then asked for the manager/owner (Momo) to call me so we could discuss the matter.  She did not.  I am very disappointed with Ninja's customer service and would recommend you go elsewhere for sushi if you are concerned with management responsibility.We went in for drinks and karaoke.  They were completely out of tequila which is crazy.. we ordered 3 vodka drinks and the total was $32 before tip. Way over priced for Tito's vodka. Don't know that I'd recommend going for Karaoke but from going in to eat in the past I can say the food is great!After one too many disappointing meals at Ninja,I finally had to break free for good. Im not sure what happened but it feels like they stopped caring. 
The rolls became very bland- just like the ambience. Oh well, even though they were one of our favorite sushi places at one point, it takes both sides to make a relationship work.I had big hopes for ninja sushi but it didn't please me at all. I ordered the what-a-roll, firefighter roll, and the special crunchy roll. They all tasted pretty bland and was just spicy. Another thing was that the eel sauce was so small that you couldn't even dip a simple roll in much less a special roll. It even cost an extra dollar too! All in all, there was no flavor at all. I wanna come back and give ninja another chance and see if maybe some different rolls can change my mind.Used to LOVE this place...now it's just...mediocre. Sushi is still pretty good but the rest of our food was so-so. My white rice was dry. Saturday night and the place was almost dead. Oh well. Also, I hate being able to see the entire kitchen while I'm eating.I love Ninja! Every time I come home I make sure to come here for amazing, decently-priced sushi. By far my favorite sushi restaurant in NO.By far the best sushi in town! The special crunchy roll is to die for! I love this place more than life itself. Thank you, Ninja, thank you.Absolutely the best Japanese / Sushi in town!!! Worth the drive, I come from Algiers to Oak St. My favorite and "must have" is the salmon box and wasabi shumai.Ricky was the nicest and most informative server I've ever had. The food was DELICIOUS and the service was phenomenal. I went with three friends a few days ago, and it was our first time dining here. We'll definitely come back soon!Ninja is kinda kitsch but sweet. Definitely a good place for sushi rolls. I like all the sushi that I have tried here, it has all been really good. But my favorite food here has to be the little cucumber salad they serve as an appetizer, it's like no other cucumber salad I have tasted.This place is in my neighborhood and I go all the time. The Cajun tuna tataki and scallop rolls are amazing. They always recognize us and last time even brought us fried green beans on the house. Definitely one of my favorite sushi places in the city.A friend of mine told me to go check out Ninja at French Quarter Fest.   I read that Tom Fitzmorris, local food critic, rated as the BEST sushi in New Orleans.  What an amazing decision to go there.    
Sushi chef Steve took care of me and I began with the Crunchy Salad.   It was by far the one of the best salads ever!     He then hooks me up with a Green Wave roll.   Light and zesty.    My husband had the Ghost Rider Roll.   Also amazing with flash fried sweet potato topping with fresh salmon and other ingredients.  We ate the brownie a la mode for dessert.    Delicious.  
Manager Ricky came over and welcomed us.    He made us feel special.   He and my husband are both Saints fans and connected.   
We will definitely be back in that number as we live in Mid city. 
Thank you Ninja!My daughter and I celebrated a special occasion here and was horrified with the experience. I ordered Udon soup a fav from other places and it tasted off.  I returned it basically untouched. They refused to remove it from the bill and called the police! Never have I experienced insanity in this way. The matter was settled with entire bill being comped and we left after feeling assaulted by a bad experience. The entire place reeks of bad business as mUch as bad food. Horrible people. Avoid this place.A friend recommended this place for our lunch. I am not a sushi junkie or connesuier but the California Rolls and Cruncy Rolls were tasty, the prices were reasonable, I enjoyed the ambiance, and the place had a good lunch crowd.Good rice and the food was good as far as I can remember, had it when it was at it's original location off of S. Carrollton in that tiny house and now they have moved off to Oak street where they have a bar area and dining area is bigger. 
Service is nothing to brag about. But what's worth talking about is the quality and consistency in the food.
Well worth it and the pricing is consistent with pricing for sushi in the area.
Parking is offstreet and can be tight as there are other establishments in that area as well.  
Cash, credit, and debit are accepted.Definitely not the best sushi/Japanese food in Nola. I liked the place. The service and the owner were very cordial, but the regular run of the mill rolls I had were just plain bad. They were edible, but I wouldn't ever go there for rolls again when there are soo many other places that make excellent rolls. Seriously, I can make better rolls myself. The tempura was decent. I really wanted to like ninja, but I couldn't say I enjoyed any of the three rolls I tried. :(. They were just bad.New celebrity Chef Nuke is setting this place off.  I have been coming here for 15 years, and it is more amazing than ever. 
He is revamping the entire place, making a whole new menu, and really setting things off. New management, new servers, new everything!Very good! The Mardi Gras roll is my favorite. I love that they have an eatfit approved menu and make it so easy to substitute brown rice or get rolls without rice.An excellent dinner from start to finish Everything was amazing service was great great place for families or dates 5 stars on all levels reasonable prices will go back oftenI had dinner last night with my two children and my son's girlfriend. The enjoyment of the food matched , matched the enjoyment of the company.  Between the foiur of us we ate six rolls.  They included classics like the rainbow roll and also their LSU roll (sorry GreenWave), special crunchy roll, dragon roll,  cucumber roll ( cool and refreshing), and ninja special roll. All this with three large Kirin was $100.00 Good sushi and we were Full! 
Our waiter Neil was very pleasant and attentive and at the end of the meal we were greeted by Rick the new manager and a complimentary desert.  Briefly, they are under new ownership however with Rick at the helm and hearing the planned improvements, I can say as a customer of over 20 years Ninja will only get better!My husband and I were in New Orleans for a conference at the beginning of June and were having a difficult time finding gluten free food.  We stumbled upon the Ninja Sushi website which indicated they had gluten free offerings and, since we cannot easily get gluten free sushi in our home state, decided to venture away from the French Quarter to give it a try.  We are SO glad we did!  
Upon the taxi dropping us off at the restaurant, we were a bit confused because the building looks more like a house with a sign on the front than a restaurant and to get to the dining area you have to go in the front door and up the stairs.  However, once you enter the seating area, the setting is sleek and relaxing.  
The staff at Ninja Sushi went through the entire menu with me, letting me know which items were gluten free or could be made gluten free with recommended substitutions.  It is incredibly difficult for me to find gluten free sushi so I was elated to find a place that understood the allergy and what I needed.  We ordered a plate full of rolls and all were excellent.
We had a great time speaking with the staff about their food, sharing tips on how to make perfect sushi rice and what ingredients we might be able to find back home in order to make our own gluten free sushi.  In addition, my husband had a good conversation regarding saki and got to try some of the available options before ordering a bottle.  When it came time for dessert, my husband ordered the Tempura Banana Foster, which I had just intended to skip since it was not gluten free.  When they came to bring it out, the server told us that he had stopped the chef mid making the dessert and asked him to adjust it to be gluten free.  It was such a pleasant and thoughtful surprise and a delicious end to the meal.
We enjoyed this restaurant so much that we went back a second time during our stay and ate there again the night before we left New Orleans.  The staff recognized us immediately and the chef sent over two free shots of saki to wish us safe travels back home.  We will definitely be back on our next trip to New Orleans and, if you are searching for sushi and/or gluten free options in New Orleans, I highly recommend Ninja Sushi.  It's well worth the trolley ride, even if you are staying in/near the French Quarter.Great sushi, try the Devil Roll, he he he....  Went here for my birthday, now I take everyone there.  My fav so far is the Beef Teriyaki (ribeye beef), which comes on a fajita type skillet.  There is a bar type set up down stairs, and the main dining is upstairs.  Watch out for the ninjas!  And try the Devil Roll, if you dare.I got delivery through an app for Ninja. My food was absolutely awful. The portions were small and my noodles were so overwhelmingly doused in the sauce that I almost felt sick eating it. Would not recommendI don't normally write reviews but this place is a disgrace to my neighborhood.
We ordered pick up from them today and by far the worst food I've ever had in New Orleans. Our sushi wasn't wrapped properly I had to try it with a fork due to the rice falling apart. The sweet potato roll was hard as a rock. The "teriyaki" chicken tastes boiled with no flavor at all. 
Our total was over thirty dollars and due to the fact that it is inedible we called the restaurant to speak with management seeking a refund and they told us they couldn't help. We are furious and will be letting our friends know about the bullshit this place put us through. 
Avoid at all cost. I've never had food this shitty down here.I love Ninja's crunchy rolls,and every other roll here...at first I was a little leery of this place,but they won me over..An excellent dinner from start to finish Everything was amazing service was great great place for families or dates 5 stars on all levels reasonable prices will go back often. always new and impressive recipes.  Everything is freshMy favorite sushi spot in New Orleans. I wasnt a huge fan of sushi before this place, now I love it. 
Great variety of tasty rolls, some we all know and some original.
Decent amount of non-sushi menu items and appetizers (and kids menu)
Miso soup comes with the dinner (you dont have to order is seperately), which is a big plus
Not crazy about the building - restaurant is upstairs and an always empty bar in below. Can get hot/crowded/loud up there. 
Orders do a take a little while, but on par w/ other sushi places
Occassionally offer cool deals like "Roll Dice for discount" or their frequent customer card and email listsecond best sushi in nola, but it's far more consistent than my fav sushi brothers. specialty rolls are excellent (watch out for that volcano roll), especially the spider  (softshell crab). i also lean towards the trashy-named swamp roll (crawfish roll with seaweed on top) but no misses here, including the idaho roll ... sushi rice around tater tots - it's hilarious but delectable.Absolutely the worst Uber eats decision I've ever made. The chicken pad Thai smelled and tasted (it was poor judgment to taste it after the smell) like the chicken had spoiled. We ordered gyoza that was equally as terrible, but at least didn't smell spoiled. I would have been better off grabbing frozen gyoza in the supermarket. The tofu rivaled the gyoza for worst appetizer. The only benefit was that I at least had a slightly warmed (though expensive) block of tofu to cook for later. I'm pretty sure they just heated the tofu slightly and added a sprinkle of seasoning on top. Absolutely terrible, do yourself a favor and avoid at all costs.When I first moved to NOLA, everyone in the Uptown are ranted and raved about Ninja. I saw people wearing their t-shirts around (which are admittedly very cool). So I decided to give it a shot. Needless to say I was underwhelmed.
The staff are for the most part part-time college workers with a general don't-give-a-damn attitude. The few times I've been there' I've been greeted by a "What can I get ya?" instead of a legit greeting. The menu is not that extensive--but not entirely stale--and the service is prompt. Their sushi rolls--even the ones everyone raves about--are not that good or original. It's easy to put a bunch of friend food and sauces together and make it taste good. It's well executed for what it is, but it's not really a good _Japanese_ restaurant. It left me wanting more.
What Ninja has as far as affordability and location, it lacks in service and innovation. I would go there again if a few friends were trying to meet me there, but I'm never waking up at night craving its oily saucy rollsMy visit to Ninja was a quick stop with a hungry friend while we were visiting Oak Street. For our snack we opted for two of the vegetarian sushi rolls: the Sweet Potato Tempura Roll and the Shiitake Mushroom Roll. Was impressed by both, especially liked the Sweet Potato and Tempura combo. Great presentation. I plan on going back for a full meal soon!Not the worst sushi I've had, but not that good... I think the rolls are a bit too small and they don't have a great selection. I went and tried a bunch of different rolls and none of them were all that good. They also charge for miso soup which kinda sucks. I would recommend going to mikimoto or hoshun instead, they have bigger rolls with more variety and fresher ingredients. Just my opinion..I am so excited to review Ninja! 
Being a vegetarian makes finding maki rolls a little difficult. My favorite, to this day, has always been a sweet potato tempura roll. I know that not many New Orleans restaurants are big on vegetarian. But Ninja offers anything you could want. They actually brought me an entire vegetarian menu!! That's right- no searching through the regular menu for what you can eat- they'll bring your own menu full of tasty rolls, appetizers, salads, dinners, and a whole wheat free section for people suffering from Celiac's. 
Okay, so it is a little creepy when you walk in- it looks like an old house- and the bottom floor is completely empty. But a man with a headset behind the bar will call upstairs and let them know you're coming. Our waiter, Scott, was amazingly helpful, nice, and was always there bringing us fresh drinks or checking on us. The food did take a long time to arrive. But we got to see the weird thing the clock does when it strikes on the hour! I don't think you should complain about having to wait for your quality food while it is being made. Just sit back, have a drink, and enjoy the company (if you're with company). 
Okay, on to the food. I had the eggplant roll which comes with eggplant tempura, avocado, and cream cheese. How yummy! A little crunchy, the fried taste, the creamy avocado, and cream cheese! Loved it. I also had the sweet potato tempura roll. I was very excited about this roll because it was my favorite in Boston. Ninja serves it up with tempura sweet potato, avocado, and crunchy fresh asparagus. Oh so good.
I was also able to try the spicy vegetarian roll- a very spice mix of vegetables, cucumber, and sesame seed. The final roll, which I did not taste, was a fried OYSTER roll. It was big and beautiful.
Oh, and Ninja offers great kids selections- making the meal into bite sized portions and offering them up in little airplane plates!
So, I have nothing bad to say about Ninja. Fresh, great options, wonderful wait staff, such a nice experience.It's fairly common knowledge that Ninja has the best sushi around, but as a sushi lover who is married to a non-fish eating FREAK its hard to find places that have red meat dishes good enough that I can get my sushi fix with an enthusiastic partner rather than a guy who will let himself occasionally get dragged along to eat a $25 piece of meat that he will insist is "fine".  That scenario = sushi for me only every couple months. Ninja fixed that for me, their steak is fantastic and now I get asked if I feel like having sushi tonight:)