My friends and I have only ever been here for the lunch buffet, but man, the food is so good. It's a great opportunity for me to try lots of new Indian dishes for a relatively low cost ($9.99 buffet!). The chicken and potato saags were great today and I can never get enough naan. Yum!This is by far my favorite Indian restaurant in the greater New Orleans area.  Aloo Gobi and garlic naan are awesome.Great lunch buffet. Wide variety tasty chicken tandoori was bestMy co-worker and I went to NIrvana for lunch today. I heard before that Nirvana is heavy on dairy for their curry and for that reason, I took a look at the buffet section first before deciding whether to go with Buffet or the regular dish off of menu. Everything except one (Yellow lentil) had dairy in it. I did not even ask but the server told the cook about it and they fixed me non-diary version of one of the curry that was out! Really amazingly so nice of the cook. He brought out like a regular dish and the portion was generous. Charged us only for 2 buffet. 
My coworker tried all the curries and he liked it. I liked what I had too. Very nice and ample sitting area and I think this place might be the fanciest indian cuisine restaurant in New Orleans. Servers were very nice - picked up empty dishes on time. I am not sure about the price but i think it is about 12$ a head. Highly recommended.I went to this place two times. The first time i have been there during dinner time and the next time on the lunch. They had buffet. It was the worst buffet ever. They had everything left over food from previous night. There wasn't a single curry of paneer,since everything was left over .
No rice, no pakoras. Even the chicken wings were un fresh.
The worst food i ever had,
I would recommend not to go to this place for buffet. You might can try dinner since i feel that was the only good part.Came here on Sunday night. I called before we went to make sure they were still open at 8. They said they were open to 10:30 and to come on in. When we walked in there were a bunch of open tables with dirty dishes still on them. There were two people standing there ahead of us waiting for a table. They said they had been there for like 5 minutes and that no one had said anything to them yet. We stood there for about 5-10 minutes watching the waiters walk right past us and no one saying a word. I felt like it was so creepy. No one was even trying to clear off the tables. Finally someone came up and said they would clear off some tables.  After about 20 minutes of just standing there we were finally brought to a table.  
They brought us some waters and and asked if we were going to do the buffet. We said, sure why not.  We went up to the buffet and got some Naan and a little soup and salad. We got back to our table and the waiter came up to us and told us that we should go back to the buffet to get all the food that we wanted because they were closing the buffet down.  Why did they even ask us if we wanted the buffet if they were closing it down in 5 minutes?  So we went to the buffet and loaded our plates with what was left. There was no rice pudding left so I asked if they could bring us a side. The food was actually pretty delicious. Probably would have been better if we didn't get the scrap left over from the end of the buffet. Not sure if they have drinks. no one ever asked us about anything,. Just brought us water.
I decided that the service was absolutely terrible but the food was good. If I go back I will probably come in a lot earlier and not expect to have any decent service This way I will at least not be disappointed and maybe have a better experience.Best Indian food in America! Fresh, wholesome, authentic - and served with warmth and attentionWe have been eating Indian foods for thirty years and in Europe and the US. Nirvana is as good as any and better than most at real Indian cuisine
We split the Lamb Rogan Josh and saag paneer (sautéed spinach and cheese cubes) plus basmati rice and naan with garlic. Great! More than enough for both of us
Excellent service. Wonderfully Indian settings and music
Go soon
We will returnThe best Indian food in the city, hands down. The dinner menu is a little pricey, but you can circumvent this by going to their lunch buffet ($7). If you do plan on dining at night, I recommend their lamb vindaloo. So spicy and not for the faint of heart. Very, very vegetarian friendly. Try a mango lassi while you're at it. Yum.
2011 update:  Nirvana ain't what it use to be.  That is all.The buffet is a great deal. You really can't go wrong! Everything is delicious.I could eat Indian food all week long if I lived next to Nirvanas.  I dined in several times over the last year and always had a great experience.  The service has always been good and the food has always been delicious.  Their Chicken Tikka Masala and their Lamb Achari are two of my favorites.  I never got the opportunity to do lunch here, but they advertise a very affordable buffet that I wish I could have tried.One of the worst Indian restaraunts I've ever been to.the food was amateurish in taste. The butter chk was ketchupy and tomatoe pastey. The chicken 65 was horrendous, it was chicken in ketchup with spices. The mgmt however was very receptive to our dissatisfaction and did not charge me for anything other than the mediocre buffet. This place has potential but will need an overhaul of new cooks. The food is the issue. Everything else is fine.Great all you can eat buffet for $12.74 including the tax Sunday night - great value for what you are getting, includes vegetarian and chicken and shrimp options, soup, dessert, fruit, salad bar
The staff are also so attentive at filling your water glass - not sure why I felt this was important, but they always came at the perfect moment!
I'll come back for the buffet, it's definitely a dealFor a buffet, I was oddly impressed that they didn't have a bajillion options for you to choose from. It definitely made me feel like they really want you to enjoy the few dishes that are featured and not get lost in an Indian Ocean of flavors. The naan was just perfectly toasted and a great addition to our meal. Despite needing little interaction with the servers, they were constantly filling our water glasses and asking how we were doing.
Absolutely worth $10! Looking forward to going back to try something off the menu.I don't get to eat here quite enough. The bread and curry are great.Delicious food, especially the garlic naan! Will return. Nice outdoor seating as well, and they allow dogs on their patio.Was traveling from out of town and tried this restaurant.  I started the meal with a simple cup of chai, however after tasting it came apparent it was made much earlier in the day and reheated( it is now 8pm).  We asked the waiter if we could order another cup, this time made fresh and was informed they only make more if they run out.  This was a sign the dinner was not going to go well.  When the naan came it was still cold on the edges, it was replaced with undercooked naan, 3rd time was a charm though.  However at his point our entree was cold and our waiter was difficult to flag down.  We left without finishing our dinner.  One star because at least the bill was correct.If you love saag paneer, this is your place! I seek out Indian restaurants to try throughout America. I am a major fan of Indian food! This one wins in every category. I have eaten there many times. It's a beautiful restaurant in Uptown New Orleans. The butter chicken,lamb biryani,shrimp,freshest vegetables,etc. are masterfully prepared with a smooth blend of Indian spices.The naan bread,chai tea and desserts are perfect. Navil and the staff bend over backwards to please the customers. Five Stars Plus!!Loved the food, LOVED the food. Really surprised us, because we checked Yelp before going and expected passable a dinner - but we went because we are huge Indian food lovers. The vegetarian dishes were great, as was the garlic bread, and basmati rice. The servers were super nice and helpful, we had the dishwasher serving food to us because they happened to be short-staffed that night - and he was great!! We wanted to go back on a different day for the buffet because we heard that was the best thing to check-out, but schedules prevented us from returning. However we will, next time we're in NOLA.It was a horrible experience. Very slow service and food is 2 star if you are really looking for authentic Indian food. I ordered mix platter and I was told that we can't make any appetizer as we are short staffed. I then ordered paneer and Roti and it was below average. I was also give complementary rice and check the picture of the rice and you would know why I gave it a 1 star. It was definitely a few days old rice.Went here with some friends and my fiancée and it was some of the best Indian food I've ever had. Great spot for vegans!! Like most Indian restaurants they have tons of vegan options, but the ones I had here really went above and beyond. They also have a full bar and a great foreign beer selection that goes well with the spicy food!some of the BEST Indian food I have ever had - and I am Indian! portions are HUGE, taste is amazing, and menu has so many items! the hand crafted drinks were also really tasty!!We've eaten here 3 or 4 times because when the urge for Indian strikes, well, there is no other option in the Big Easy!
The dining room is decent with comfortable chairs and nice round tables. The Dinner menu is fairly diverse and offers several options as expected.
I tend to eat vegetarian when I have Indian and that's what I have done here as well. I can't remember exactly what I have had, but everything has been good and acceptable. Their Garlic Naan is tasty as well. I will say that they spice their food a bit hotter than normal for an Indian place in America, so be prepared!
We have had the buffet for lunch twice and both times were underwhelmed. I won't go back for lunch. The selection is poor and the lunch food bland and not varied. Not worth it.
All in all, it is standard as expected Indian fare. There is nothing exceptional or cravable about this place, but it fits the bill. The meals are large enough to fill you up, and the flavoring is as it should be.Oh Indian lunch buffet, how I love you so. So many good memories we've had... that time I was crying because of your spicy  spicy tastiness while shoveling as much bread into my mouth as I could... that graduation party I used as an excuse to celebrate your deliciousness... oh buffet, I miss you.  While you aren't freakishly cheap, you still offer me so much when I visit you. You know you're worth it, don't let anybody tell you differently!!!!
While I love this place, I can't give it 5 stars because truthfully... I've only had the buffet. For all I know, everything else could be complete rubbish! It doesn't matter anyway... The buffet knows it's the only one for me.So just the facts:  Buffet here is darn good but not the best Indian buffet I've ever had.  Menu is pretty awesome and I love the "Nirvana Special" most especially!!!  I have had terrible service here a few times but usually it is decent.  Buffet is everyday at lunch they are open and then on Thursday and Sunday nights (you can also get a FREE sample on Sundays at Rendezvous Bar).  Don't believe anything vegetarians tell you about this place as they have brain damage from a lack of meat protein and too many carbs :)Fantastic Indian lunch buffet. I eat Indian food all the time in New York and this is up to par. I particularly enjoyed the "homemade cheese and peas" and the "3 bean mixture." I'd definitely go back especially for the price!!Disclaimer: I'm not a fan of Indian food. I've only had it maybe two other times in my entire life but a group I'm in had a meetup here and so I went.
I ordered a chicken dish in some kind of almond sauce which was decent; I don't really like curry so maybe this dish was really good or my taste buds have changed in 9 or so years. I finished it off and started liking it more as I kept eating. 
The naan was very good but I'm not sure how you could really mess that up. 
I did have a drink called the Kama Sutra - it was some kind of vodka/mango drink and it was pretty good.
My biggest complaint was the service. Granted we were a big group but I arrived late, about an hour after everyone else, so they had already ordered. I ordered my food and it arrived, but I had to actually walk up to the counter to ask for another drink because they never came by to check on us after I had gotten my food. When I finished eating I asked for my check and waited about 20 minutes, holding everyone else up because they'd already paid theirs, before I had to find a waiter and ask for it again. By this point a lot of the group had left so it wasn't like they were still tending to 25 people.
I probably won't be returning here unless the group decides they want to. The food was actually okay but the service was disappointing.The one star rating is just because the ambience and service were 'good enough'. If you want to have some good Indian food then avoid this place.   The paneer felt stale, curry felt like it's made from Heinz ketchup and chilli flakes, and two koftas per serving will leave you unsatisfied.This is where we go when we want Indian food in New Orleans.  :)  I'm not an Indian food connoisseur by any means but I like it and they've been great to me.  I've never been to the buffet though.  All the times I've been here have been for a sit-down dinner.  
My favorite entree by far is the butter chicken.  I was very excited when I saw they had it since an Indian friend of mine used to make it for me back in college.  Now I'm craving the tomato-ey sauce just thinking about it.
The prices are in range with other typical Indian restaurants which is slightly pricey but well worth it.  The decor is nice and I love that part of the neighborhood on Magazine Street.  
If you like Indian food, try it out and see for yourself.29 Dec 17 : When 1st time to this restaurant at 9:05 pm when we asked them to seat two of us then they tell we cannot take more people. When their kitchen closing time is 9:30 we were visiting from different t city? I will never ever visit this place again.Good buffet... liked the food  What I didn't like was th 18% gratuity tagged on for a BUFFET! Table of 5. Who does that for a BUFFET! Lost one cusromer.I yelped the place! Definitely a very good place to try kebabs or chicken biryani! Loved the food, had the right amount of spices.The food and service was wonderful here! My fiancé and I stumbled across this place while we were in New Orleans and was excited it was on Magazine street. We loved their Dal, Pakoras, and definitely was a fan of the Kheer. If we lived in NOLA, I can guarantee we would frequent this place.With regards to the total selection of indian cuisine in this city Nirvana hits the closest to accuracy. They have almost everything I need! I'm less of a buffet person, so I've not too knowledgeable of their ready to eat section. But they do have a deliciously creamy Saag Paneer. And that's all I really need anyway. 
I wish they had Dosas or Bhatura though. Omg if they got on top of that, I'd incorporate Nirvana into my list of places to show visitors in town. Other than that, the spices are right on the money, it's clean and the staff are polite and helpful. 
You walk in and almost instantly feel calm. Then you take in that wonderful aroma....the sweet yet firely smell of fresh spices. Yes. This is a winner.This is a decent Indian option in Uptown. They have a buffet on Sundays and Thursdays (I think). It won't be the best Indian food you've ever had, but it will most likely satisfy your hankering for some Aloo Gobi.Unimpressed with the food and service! We went for the Sunday buffet and saw the smallest buffet served at an Indian restaurant. Not worth it. There were more chutneys than actual food items. Won't be going back. Ok food - nothing to rave about.I am updating a previous review....congrats to Nirvana for making a vast improvement on service! The staff now are incredibly pleasant and helpful! I had the lunch buffet recently with my Mom, and the server kept sweetly referring to her as, "Mom." The quality of good has definitely improved, as well. Good job!Quite pleased with this restaurant. Our food came out hot and quickly and the waiters were very quick to notice if we needed anything. The food was quite good and I was impressed with their variety of vegetarian dishes. I would recommend trying this place out.This was not the best Indian food I've had, but we were visiting NOLA for a conference and I had to at least try some Indian food while I was here. The food itself is pretty Americanized and, to my taste, a bit bland. That is not necessarily a bad thing and I would recommend the food to anyone new to Indian cuisine or who doesn't like a lot of heat. The spread for the buffet was pretty standard fare (butter chicken, vegetable korma, a few other veggie and meat curries, tandoori chicken, etc.) although they do have a really incredible mango frozen yogurt that is creamy and delicious. The ambiance is pretty nice with fancy chairs and table settings. My biggest issue with the restaurant itself was the strange flowery perfume smell that was so pungent it took over my ability to taste most of the food. At first I thought it was incense, but I've been in restaurants where there is incense and it tends to dissipate after a while--the smell here was so strong that even by the time we finished eating I was desparate for some fresh air. Of course, my husband didn't even notice the smell so maybe I am just a super-smeller but it did make the experience much less enjoyable for me.This was my first try at Indian food. I thought it was great for the value. Ten dollars for a buffet isn't bad at all. I love the thrones for chairs. The butter chicken was great. The selection for the buffet was however smaller than I would have thought. The creamy spinach dish is great! Good location. The seed/ licorice sugar by the door are a strange treat. Try them just out of curiosity. I am interested to try their menu entrees as others have said they are better than the buffet. Overall this is a fun way to try Indian food for a good value but I wouldn't frequent the buffet.I don't really understand why this place is so popular. Granted, I've only ever been for the lunch buffet, but in my opinion that is what's supposed to be good at an indian restaurant! The selection is pretty small compared to other indian buffets, and the quality is just not good. I have not had a lot of indian food in my life, but my experiences with it so far have been flavorful, fragrant, fresh, juicy, and saucy. Most of the food I've had there has been bland and dry. That's really the best summary I can make. 
The servers make you feel like you are imposing by dining in their restaurant and trying to get a drink and ask for the check is an awkward experience. If you want an experience 10 times better, go to Taj Mahal on Old Metairie Road. Someone told me they are owned by the same person?so amazing! I leave overly stuffed every time. They have a wonderful buffet that me and my mom often frequent on Thursday because they have the buffet for lunch and dinner on Thursdays (and on Sundays. Otherwise they always have a lunch buffet). Their butter chicken is amaze-balls and they have it pretty much every Thursday. Wait staff is very friendly as well. :) Yay nirvana!Yum.Yummmmmm.Yummmmmmmmm.
So happy to have found good Indian food in Nola. I have also tried Taj Mahal and like Nirv better.
The coconut chicken dish is delish.
Def recommend.Visit #2 can never be as good as you remember the place from your first time there, right? Hmm, maybe not always...
With hesitant steps and skipping heart, we walked into Nirvana, afraid it would disappoint and break the myth of the great yellow daal! We start slowly, with appetizers, wanting to built up the crescendo for the daal. 
The samosa and the papri chaat were quite mediocre (and as mentioned in the original review, their service is nothing to write about - it's very aloof and loose). We tried to decide whether we should head out as the appetizers were quite poorly done. But we decide to move forward with courage and order the yellow daal - only to realize they didn't have it on the menu!!! 
We asked the server if he could check with the chef whether they could do the yellow daal we had so fondly remembered and come back for. Server tells us they've never had a yellow daal. We explain to him we tried it as part of the buffet in November and loved it. Could he check with the chef to make sure they don't have it anymore? He comes back saying yes they do have it still, but only in the buffet! But then they finally agreed to make it. 
The breads were good actually and when the daal came, it made our day!!! It was still so good that this time we packed an extra one to take home for the next day! 
The reason it's not a 5-star anymore? The daal is really the only thing that's so spectacular about this place and it alone cannot carry all the stars through... 
Oh, and I do still recommend the lunch buffet instead of dinner!I am a sucker for paneer.   I am also a sucker for the lunch buffet, where I can mix and match various dishes to my content right along with various salad combinations, soup, and sauces.
some suttle heat up in the house.
butter chicken
mater paneer
crispy vegetable fry
basmati rice
red curry
green curry
each day they switch it up a bit.
with an ice tea...    spent about $20 total including tip.I usually try Indian restaurant when I travel different states. I was visiting new Orleans for spring break and I tried this place. 
I have to say it's got nice taste. I am a vegetarian and I tried couple of dishes frm menu. And they were really nice. 
More over they have nice interior that matches new Orleans.This was my first time eating Indian cuisine, and now I crave for it all the time. The kind server was friendly and helpful in explaining what each dish contained. I was happy that the menu also contained pictures of each dish...very helpful. We only ordered from the vegetarian section of the menu, and everything we ordered was absolutely amazing. Full of flavor and such generous portions, and enough for our lunch and dinner the following day. The entire experience was phenomenal. I can't wait to go back there.When it comes to Indian food, I am probably biased and naive, but I thought Nirvana was very tasty and affordable. We had the lamb with yummy nan and an app sampler, and cocktails. The imported decor and brown faces transported us to the Far East. We left smiling and without complaints. If you are on Magazine, and need your Indian fix, Nirvana does the trick very nicely.Ver good Indian buffet. We have not eaten off the menu as of yet, but the Sunday buffet is very good. 
Service is ok, a little odd actually, but hey I did not go there to make friends, but ha e a good meal, and I got one.We recently went for a birthday dinner and absolutely loved it. The food was excellent, the cocktails unique and the service was personal and amazing.
My wife called ahead to say we were coming for a birthday dinner, and was there anything special they could arrange. Unfortunately, they didn't have any sort of decorations, so what they did was decorate the food. The ornate garnishes on each of the dishes we ordered were beautiful and made our night special.
Oh, and the food was delicious and priced right. Lamb vindaloo, lamb stuffed naan, butter chicken and spinach saag were all wonderful.I had dinner there last week with friends.  I was amazed that a restaurant could make such a commitment to a chair.  Each person has a gilded velvet thrown.  The wait staff was cold and unwelcoming (though it may be a cultural thing not to smile).  I know nothing of Indian cuisine.  I was lost at the menu.  I chose a dish with the description of sweet and spicy.  It was just that sweet and spicy.  I was overwhelmed by flavor, I understand that is the point.  I make it a point to order shrimp when I am not sure I would be able to identify other meats.  my fellow diners ended up with dishes that resembled brown slop.  My food has to look good for me to enjoy it.  I will give it another try. I do love chick peas.Came here recently for the first time and had the buffet. 
Several factors play into my review. First, I love Indian food. I haven't had any an a very long time. So my delight level was high and needless to say, I was happy.
Like many ethnic or regional restaurants in New Orleans... Due to lack of competition... Their game level isn't at its peak. This plays out in New Orleans for Brazilian, Arabic, and Mexican restaurants. (Mexican restaurants in NOLA get away serving TexMex).
Needless to say, I've had better Indian food in other cities. Despite my observation, I will go back to Nirvana and sample the rest of their offerings.
If this is your first time eating Indian and don't like it. I suggest not to judge all Indian food by this one place.
I gave it three stars because the food was "ok" and the service was "ok".
I will be back.I know I've said it before...I used to love Nirvana but it's just so uneven these days.  After a long day of home improvements, we just wanted a simple meal and to crash.  We ordered a pakora and chat papri and both were fine.  But the saag paneer we ordered to share was borderline inedible.  And, of course, it made both us sick, so no sleep for us.
It will be a while before I give Nirvana another try.Passing through Magazine Street, my friend Jessica had never been to Nirvana and since I was visiting and up for a new restaurant, we headed over for lunch. 
Walking in, the restaurant was spacious and decorated with warm colors. Our waiter was very attentive and was very helpful. I had this cheese appetizer while Jessica had lamb curry. It was DELICIOUS. The curry was spicy but not too spicy and the farmer's cheese had this flavor I can't even describe. There were sauteed vegetables with the cheese that were still had a bit of a crunch to it. MMMM. YUMMY. Add in an order of the garlic naan and we were happy!
Next time I stop by, I will have to try the lunch buffet!I would love to write a nice review about the quality of the food and the value of my meal - alas I cannot.  The only reason to go here is if you crave Indian food and are willing to put up with what is at best over priced mediocre food.  Sorry - would love to say better things but after five visits over a 2 year stretch nothing has changed.It was not A ok.  It was just ok.  Spicy, but lacked that omg flavor.  If you are a chicken fan - they got it.  The plus side - their okra was wonderful and The naan was soft and fresh - even on the buffet.  I think a bathroom reflects how well the kitchen is kept - and it was impressively clean. I think that if they had any competition they might do better.   This is an ethnic cuisine that is barren in the greater NOLA area, so I'll be back.The only Indian cuisine I've had actually so I always eat or get takeout from here! My daughter loves the butter chicken and garlic naan. I like the Tandoori Chicken best with the garlic naan! Also really good rice pudding!I would never claim to be an "expert" on Indian cuisine, but I have had my share all over the U.S. and abroad (though not in its mother country...yet!).
   When I get a hankering for that rich, redolent, still exotic food, I go to Nirvana.
Not only do they have an enormous ( and ever growing ) menu, but it covers a broad range from the obligatory tandooris, vindaloos and curries to sumptuous biryanis to one of the most generous array of vegetarian specialties including my fave, malai kofta (vegetable dumplings in an onion and cream sauce). The starters also range from the typical pakoras and samosas to chat, ragda pati (potato cakes with curried garbanzo beans) and something called Bombay wings (!?).
      The decor is over the top in the best of ways, with dizzyingly colorful paintings, shrines and gorgeous fabrics and woodwork encased in an old New Olreans retail establishment with a fantastic pressed tin ceiling.
       Yes, there is the ubiquitous buffet at lunch, but it is generous and allows one to sate ones Indian craving quickly and inexpensively.
        I admit that the service is usually terse (most of the waitstaff are stone-faced Indian men), but the food comes out quickly and the owner, Anjay (sp?) is as warm and welcoming as anybody in town.My parents and I have been going to this restaurant for years for the Sunday $9.99 buffet.  On Mother's Day, my mom wasn't feeling great and we weren't all that hungry, so we decided to go here for a cheap, casual dinner.  Everything was fine until we recieved the bill.  The bill was almost double the price.  We questioned the waiter/manager.  He said that yes, once a year on Mother's Day they raise the price.  Here's an idea:  how about letting the customers know BEFORE you present them with a check that the price for the regular buffet is double as a special Mother's Day treat!  There weren't any signs indicating a Mother's Day special buffet price, we weren't given a menu and the waiter didn't inform us BEFORE he handed us the check!  Not cool!!!! The waiter/manager casually apologized, but nothing more... didn't offer any compensation.  His excuse was that they only do it once a year.  Only doing it once a year doesn't seem to make it okay to surprise guests with a double the price buffet.  Additionally, there was nothing extra about the buffet.  It was the same buffer but twice the price.  They just lost long time customers!Hmm.  Well, I am no connoisseur of Indian Cuisine, and I was raised on American Middle Class Buffets (Pizza & Chinese).   Nirvana was recommended to me by a friend, and though hesitant at first, eventually decided to try it out.     I was pleasantly surprised at the good eats and found the wait staff to be friendly and personal.   It is no Commander's Palace but neither is the price at $9.99.  Eat up!!!LOVE LOVE LOVE their $10 Thursday/Sunday evening buffet! Highly recommended. When I know I'll be going to Nirvana for dinner, I eat very little all day and then enjoy two enormous plates from the buffet, usually at 5:30 because my friends and I can't wait any longer. I'm not sure why anyone would come to Nirvana and order off the overpriced regular menu when the buffet is such a good deal. I've eaten from it at least 10 times and have never had a bad experience! The buffet always has butter kitchen, tandoori chicken, several vegetarian options, fresh, warm naan, and all the usual Indian condiments. The servers are very attentive, especially with refilling water glasses.
Skip the regular menu and come for the buffet!My son and I came here during our vacation.  The night before he had chosen The Gumbo Shop and what a disappointment that was:  LONG wait, cramped table and mediocre food.  Nirvana was MY choice and both my son and I agreed this was the BEST food we had on our entire vacation.  The flavors were so amazing we are still talking about this place as the zenith of cuisine to aspire to.  We live in CA and my son found a restaurant here also called Nirvana.   The CA Nirvana (no affiliation to the New Orleans location)  was very good food but nothing compared to the Nirvana in New Orleans.  If you have the good fortune of living in New Orleans, this is the place to eat.This is what I like to order if you take somebody to eat Indian for the first time. Nirvana Indian Cuisine has a dish called the Flag Of Inidia on the menu which has Butter Chicken (roasted pieces of tender chicken cooked in a tomato butter methi sauce), Malai Kebab (Mild cashew sauce), and Saag Paneer (chunks of farmer's cheese sautéed in curried spinach) which represent the colors of the flag of India, so you get three different dish in one order. Its a WIN WIN dish !I have ordered off the menu on a non-buffet night, but really the buffet is what keeps me coming back.  There is nothing better than walking back to your table with a colorful montage of Indian food deliciousness.
My favorite items are the nan, mint chutney and butter chicken.  Other than that, there is of course always something else on the buffet that I get to try.  This is nice because sometimes you find a dish you love at a restaurant and then you don't try out anything else because you'd be disappointed otherwise.
The service here is always friendly and the decor is nice as well.I've never written a yelp review before, but this experience was too terrible not to comment. 
We had an 8:30 reservation for dinner on Christmas Day. When we got there we were brushed off for asking about our reservation. We were seated at 8:45 and waited another 20 minutes for water and silverware.
The waiter came to take our order about an hour after we had arrived at the restaurant. 
We finally got our food at 10:30- two hours after we arrived. In between, there was no one coming to check on us, bring bread or any other holdover despite a two hour wait on food. 
A couple tables near us got frustrated and left the restaurant after waiting hours for their food. 
And once we got our food it wasn't even worth it. As my Indian mother said "this is terrible." She ended up eating the plain rice with yogurt. 
After all this- we waited another 20 minutes for the check and got no sort of apology from anyone on the staff. Terrible service, terrible food, would give it negative stars if I could. Do not eat here.First, I'm local and love Indian food. Nirvana used to be our go to for the lunch buffet. After going regularly, we noticed a turnover in staff, decline in food quality, and worst of all...incredibly unfriendly service. NOLA is a town built on loyal, local sevice. That's not appreciated at Nirvana. Boo hiss.The chef did an amazing job of convincing me to try some new dishes. I had the Lamb Rogan Josh (lamb curry cooked in spiced oil and yoghurt) and the Goan Shrimp Curry (jumbo shrimp cooked in a coconut and vegetable sauce. A recipe from Goa) along with a shrimp dish that was not on the menu but we really loved ! So glad to have tried something new, but I will need to get back soon for my Flag of India !$10 lunch buffet. That's all you need to know. I've probably been here ten times, and every time there is always something different at the buffet that I've never tried before. And there are always at least 3 or 4 vegetarian options plus soup. The naan is awesome. The rice is usually awesome, but last time it was a little overcooked. Overall, love this place.Took two friends to Nirvana the other night normally I love to go for the lunch buffet but this time I wanted to order off the menu to give my friends a good variety of food. 
This was their first time so I wanted to make sure it was a good experience !
Started with some Veggie Samosa, they were great, with just the right amount of spice. Also had some Onion Pakoras, their version of onion rings. Then I tried something new the Nirvana Kathi Roll which was an Indian version of a chicken wrap. They were all great and it left a great first impression.
Dinner time.. Order the Mixed Grill which was an assortment of tandoori items, along with the Lamb Korma and the Flag of India which is a trio of items, saag paneer, and two chicken dishes. Of course this came with some rice and I had some garlic naan to go with the meal.
Well for a few first timers they jumped right into the meal and never looked back, I can say that I know for a fact that they will be back as will I.
I think that Nirvana is a great place for not only first timers but for people who love Indian cuisine so make sure you put this on your list of places to visit.Have eaten their several times in the past with mediocre results, but most recently during mardi gras, my friends and I all got food poisoning, and we all had different entrees. Probably had them sitting out, ready to sling onto the tables. Possibly this is due to the heavy traffic during mardi gras, but I will not be taking any more chances with them.I consider myself pretty much a "regular" at Nirvana, for dinner. This was my first visit to their lunch buffet, and my expectations were exceeded. It seems that they save "the good stuff" for lunch! I had the creamiest mushroom dish with gravy, it tasted just like a buttery cream of mushroom soup. There was also some rich, slow-cooked eggplant that was unbelievable. The standard butter chicken was good. 
The buffet also had Tandoori chicken pieces and a fish dish, but I didn't eat that. The fried potatoes were a little bland. The naan was so delicious, I couldn't stop eating it. The rice was studded with peas, which was different than the plain rice offered on the dinner buffet.
The place always seems very clean to me. I lament the loss of the soft serve ice cream machine. That was a really nice addition and I hope they bring it back.Excellent food and service. Very family oriented. I highly recommend the Flag of India.Did the Sunday night dinner buffet. Loved the interior. Very colorful. Nice variety of vegetable and chicken dishes, plus salad bar and all the naaaaan you can eat! I'll be back.We went to have dinner here this past sunday, believing the yelp posting that it was open until 10.30. (That is the only reason why no 5 star, although that mayen't be their fault)           While perusing the menu, we were told the kitchen was closing at 9.45.  No problem. i just hate being THAT guest.  The one who is eating while all the waitstaff shuffle around glancing if you have an empty plate so they can go home or get on with their night.  
    My boyfriend and i each ordered appetizers: some sort of roll - his with chicken, mine vegetarian.  My lord were they good!  And they came with two radically different sauces that even tasted interesting when mixed together.  Since we realized they were closing, we told them to go ahead and bring the entrees.  Already we knew we'd need to-go boxes.  
    Lemme just say this: the staff were so accommodating and patient.  Two men were our servers.  Very sweet dispositioned and not intrusive. A very gracious host sat us and checked in on our experience.  
   D got the Flag of India and liked all the differing flavours.  I got the veggie version of a new item called 67 or some other number sauce.  The next day i was sweating at work and luxuriating in the aroma coming out of my pores. Sounds crazy, but that's how good it was! I want to learn how to cook this sauce and put it on every damn thing but know that i can never replicate their magic.
    Our next plan of attack?  Lunch Buffet- where we can try a whole load of different dishes and not have our eyes bigger than our stomach.
            Namaste!The buffet was fantastic, the service was outstanding and the price can't be beat.Of course I decide I LOVE Indian food only after moving to the South.  Oops...
I've only had the buffet and at $10 it can't be beat.  Literally.  Nirvana is the only game in town, so they could charge wayyy more because there's nothing else that hits the spot like Indian when you're craving it.  
Apparently THE Indian restaurant in Metairie is owned by the same folks...or so sayeth Saint Tom Fitzmorris, and I find the experience to be about the same at both places.
A steady rotation of standard fare along with staples like Tandoori chicken and all the naan you can cram down your gullet makes me a fan.
The only down side is the hoards of Tulane and Loyola kids that cram the place on Sunday and Thursday buffet nights. Not that I blame them...I'd just recommend hitting the lunch buffet or being the first person in the door if you choose to come on the aforementioned nights...
There's better Indian cuisine out there...but you won't find it in NOLA.No argument - the best Indian food in town. Spicy-hotness is oddly difficult to find in this town, but Nirvana can make you sweat and cry with just spinach and potatoes.They offered a lunch buffet, and it had a decent range of options, including a salad bar, fried appetizers, and plenty of vegetarian curries. Taste-wise, it was aight, as the locals might say, but rather basic on all fronts, from the hakka noodles to the rather watery potatoes and peas. The setting was rather ostentatiously decorated, but the service wasn't perfect; for the number of people working it took a while to get started and for us to pay and go. I wasn't dissatisfied as Indian food is rarely bad, but I expect that one could do better.I will admit, I'm kind of particular about food - I demand that it be delicious and not just meh. Nirvana never disappoints me. I almost always get the buffet, and it's perfectly acceptable to my picky palate. The buffet always has a decent amount of tasty options. Lovely, velvety sauces, hot naan, an array of condiments. 
Their hot chai is the perfect drink to sip on, on a cold, rainy night - it warms you to your bones!
It's also the best deal in town, in this era of rising restaurant prices. Buffet was $11.50 and better quality than you will find at any Chinese buffet.
My only complaint is that the desserts have gone downhill. They used to have mango soft serve ice cream that was so good, almost tasted caramelized. They got rid of the machine. The galub jamun I had on the last visit didn't look like any I had ever seen....every time I've had it at Nirvana in the past, it was light brown, fried dough balls in a sticky syrup. The other night, it was white, flour-y, raw tasting dough floating in cloudy water. What's up with that? Please go back to the old recipe!We have decided that we will make the $10 Sunday night buffet our new tradition.
Yummy, yummy, yummy.  The food is always savory and delicious.
Yes, the waiters are aloof, and they should perhaps staff a friendly hostess to greet and seat people.  But it's a BUFFET.  Sorry, but this experience = atmosphere + delicious Saag Paneer, and, to me, isn't contingent on how nicely they deliver your cocktail.Get this straight. I'm reviewing the latest visit, not an average experience over the years. This visit gets four stars. Im doing this as some form of vague bargaining with the powers that be at Nirvana, a plea for the future:
Pleasedon'tsuckpleasedon'tsuck...
Alright, so we are hungry and we walk into Nirvana even though by now we know better, right? But we don't. Tonight I had some of the best Indian buffet of my life. 
[Case scenario: this is a Sunday evening, just after the passage of whatever parade. The time is roughly 6:30pm. I include this because it might somehow be a factor in replicating this good food experience]
Real quick, I wanna point out they have this giant painting hanging up of Tornado Jesus Holding Baby Shiva. That's probably offensive. I'm sorry. I'm super joking. 
So look, the food is goddamn delicious at this buffet. Warm, tasty, a touch on the spicy side (yes!), and replenished at a good rate. Ok, the naan was doughy as hell, but that's...I mean, no, that's ok. It's alright it's fine no big deal. 
Let's see, what'd they have? Um...the pakora, the eggplant thing, the cauliflower thing, butter chicken, tandoori chicken. Rice. A badass cucumber salad. 
STUPID OBSERVATIONS OF NOTE: Heavy chairs, automated water-filler bots, a ceiling fan in the kitchen, vivid colors everywhere, a fantastic ventilation system that wasn't on, big speakers that weren't on (we know I like Ethnic Restaurant music stations), $12-something per person, Tornado Jesus, maze-like seating arrangements, that lousy guy outside who kept playing his flute (poorly), I mean who is that guy?
In summation: Tonight's food put Taj Mahal to shame. Keep it up, Nirvana. You're much closer.
UPDATE: A MESSAGE FROM AN EMPLOYEE:
Thank you for your review! Next time you are at Nirvana, please ask one of the "water bots" to meet the owner, he would like to meet you!
Well shit, now I'm intimidated.Such thoughtful staff - thanks Eknath!
I asked about vegan options and our waiter, Eknath, went into the kitchen to check with the chefs. When he found out that the rice and naan weren't vegan, he came to let me know that he'd asked them to make me a different kind of bread instead! He also walked me through all the vegan options at the buffer. Super thoughtful, and I hadn't even asked for them to make a different bread. The food was delicious, made even better by the great staff. I hope the restaurant realizes what a great employee they have!This used to be my go to Indian restaurant in NOLA.  It was well worth the walk.
The buffet was good price was decent.  It had a good amount of food and variety.
As for the non-buffet I would gladly eat anything Nirvana listed on the menu.  My usual was the Mali kofta, chicken tikka masala with Kashmari nan.  (Also I would buy several Kashmari Nan's to take home for later)
If carrot halwa is available,go for it!Good food and a lot. The service was excellent. The food had a bite and some spice to it, but it wasn't overwhelming.The food was nice, tasty. Also liked the lunch buffet it had gr8 options, it is better than other Indian restaurants in the city. Parking is an issue though during peak hours.Don't even bother coming here. This place is so disorganized that it makes me worry about what they do in the kitchen. It was taking more than 15-20 minutes just to talk to someone. 
Please avoidInstantly my favourite Indian place ever.
I went in with my wife and 3 boys tonight for the first time. Absolutely everyone working was extremely friendly and happy that we were there. My sons, aged 6,4 & 1 1/2 are usually well behaved, but the youngest does not like it when mommy leaves the table. She had to take the middle one to the restroom, and mini-me lost it. A guy out of the back named Byron came and talked him out of his tantrum in about 10 seconds. Instantly loved Byron. Another one of the waiting staff came over with crayons (something I doubt they usually need because I got the feeling they don't have many young families come in) and let the kids draw on the table covering. The owner(?) came over and joked around with the kids at one point after I ordered, and this personal connection continued through the whole experience. 
Oh yeah, by the way, we also ate!
We had the Bhindi, the Dal Makhani, Butter Chicken (of course), and Tandoori Shrimp. 
I usually prefer my Bhindi Bhaji to be a bit more salty and crisper, but the texture and flavour were amazing. Even better than my favourite Indian place back home (Sorry, New Asian Village). The Dal was exactly as it should be, warm and wholesome. The butter chicken was full of flavour and not bland and dry like most Indian places. And the Tandoori Shrimp was excellent, served on a bed of veggies, sliced up and sizzling like fajitas on a skillet plate. 
The naan was tasty, not oily, and just the right thickness for spooning the food. Basmati rice served to soak up the sauces perfectly.
After dinner, the owner covertly asked if it was okay for the kids to have a chocolate bar. We agreed, and he surprised them with a Kitkat (I lost the rock, paper, scissors to my wife for the last stick), and Byron came out again to talk a bit about life, love, and the world around us! After finding out we were from Canada, he made sure we knew about all the great restaurants in the area, told us we HAD to go to the zoo and aquarium, and agreed with me and regaled us with example after example when I told him I thought New Orleans was better than it ever was pre-Katrina. 
My oldest son turned to me as we walked out the door, "That's the greatest restaurant I've ever been to, daddy!" 
He's six, and prone to a six year old's hyperbole, but I just replied, "You might be right, buddy."This is by far the best Indian food in the New Orleans. The food is authentic and tasty. The staff is always friendly and professional. The chef is amazing and can accommodate any food restrictions. We love the food so much that we have an annual feast in the private dining room upstairs. The special menus created for those dinners are out of this world. Thank you to Anjay and the entire Nirvana family!Went on a late Friday night with my party of 4. We wanted to order a triple curry dish but the waiter said they were out, right after he offered the same 3 curries separately making the cost go way up, ok we stayed. We waited an 1 and 15min while waiting for our order before we left. We ordered an appetizer nothing we asked our waiter multiple times and he just blew us off saying it's coming. Two parties that came after us received their food before us. The restaurant wasn't even close to full and the other patrons were growing impatient. The staff were rude didn't apologize even once or gave any reassurance and our waiter didn't even talk. Maybe it was the night we went but we will never come again.Great dinner tonight at Nirvana. Love the Lamb Korma and Saag. Wait staff was attentive and helpful, and the atmosphere lively. Will be back very soon for more yummy dishes!!Good quality food, not as much a selection for lunch buffet as I'm used too but it is very good quality and authentic flavored. Still looking for my favorite carrot halwa I know it's in this city somewhere!My reviews is based off a one time visit to NOLA and buffet only.  I loved the indo-chinese dish they had on the buffet, it made my tastebuds smile, I would return just for that and that is what they get the extra star for, otherwise it would be a 3 star review.  The chicken 69 was basically a chili chicken and that was also very good, as was the tandoori chicken.   The saag paneer was a bit bland and could have used a little more heat and a little less ghee, and the naan was just okay.   They also had butter chicken on the buffet, but I did not try it.   Not very many Indian places in NOLA to choose from and this may be the only place that is not strictly vegetarian.Food was good, service was bad. We waited 20 minutes after they sat us. The wait staff was overworked and their system of buffet or waiter service did not work well for them--- I believe the waiters forgot who got what. We ordered a cheaper bottle of Sauvignon blanc but they swapped it with an even cheaper bottle not on the menu and tried to cover it up.Nirvana is definately worth visiting. Their food is flavorful and fresh as well as being reasonably priced. The menu selection is vast, and for the foodie on a budget, the buffet usually satisfies. However, I found the waitstaff is often a tad aloof and or rude, depending on the day. Nevertheless I go to Nirvana for the food, not the service.Was a little skeptical about Indian food because I had not tried it a lot... So I went yesterday with a friend, and I was completely shocked. It was absolutely delicious! Buffet style as well for like $12 all you can eat. I had the butter chicken and it was amazing over rice. The dessert I forgot what it was called, but it was soooo amazing. Only thing I wish they had were more options when I went but other than that, amazing!Very good dinner buffet, very cheap. This restaurant is beautiful on the inside, too. As other people have said, the waitstaff is a little distant, and although we asked if we could do separate checks and were told yes, they then put the whole bill on one person's credit card. But the buffet was so good that we didn't mind.The wonderful aromas of fragrant spices are prominent immediately inside the front door. Then, there is an enchanted sensory experience with the sound of calming music, beautiful wall art, regal dećor and sculptures and rich colors throughout. 
I enjoyed their red Curry - flavorful and full bodies curry with a wonderfully pungent aroma. Their garlic naan was a perfect complement to this tasty curry. The whole dining experience was a delicious treat. 
My one adverse comment is related to the women's restroom. It is VERY DIRTY. It needs a VERY DEEP CLEANING. The walls, toilet, sink, floors, mirror, vent - all VERY DIRTY. It made me wonder... If the bathroom is this bad, what does the kitchen look like!?! In fact, on my way back to the table, I peeked into the kitchen. Better but not by much. 
I received a message that their ladies bathroom had been remodeled in April of 2016. CLEARLY, it has not been cleaned since then...Went to the lunch buffet.  
I'm a big Indian food fan, but I wasn't sure what was up with the ketchup at the buffet table.  Eh, am I missing something?  Were there french fries somewhere - ??
As someone else said, the tables are close together, but there weren't too many people during lunchtime. 
No butter chicken at the buffet, (which is my favorite).  The coconut chicken was really good though.  Seems pretty solid for Indian food.  I'd go there again.Bland and overpriced. I get better pre-made frozen indian meals at the international market.Stopped for lunch and there were four of us. It was past 1:30pm and our waiter was very attentive - he waited for us to check out the buffet and when we decided to order from the menu he made sure to remind us to get all our orders in before the kitchen closed. 
Aloo parathas were okay - more like mashed potatoes in a naan. My friends who ordered the biryani aid it was not bad. Seekh kabab was also pronounced satisfactory. Aloo gobi had more aloo than gobi but again, not too greasy and not overcooked. They were accommodating and made me saag chole instead of saag paneer. 
Service was excellent.The food is good. There's a buffet sometimes that's cheap. The service is hit or miss. Never appalling or anything. You just won't get in and out quickly unless it's opening for the second time in the day. They close mid day for a few hours.I'm sitting here still waiting for the check after 25 minutes. The service was strange and awkward. A couple here with their crying baby arrived 15 minutes after us, ate, got the check and left 20 min ago in the time we have been sitting here. The food was mediocre.  (Paneer tikka masala and lamb). Garlic naan was good.The food is FANTASTIC!!! Let that be known. However, it took us 45 minutes, from when we asked, to get our bill and pay to get out. We asked multiple times for the bill with no results. We did ask for it to be split (3 ways for 6 people), but when the bill was finally delivered, it was not split. They asked us to split it for them. 
Thank goodness for good company. Not sure where the hang up was since they wouldn't tell us when we asked. But if you intend to eat at this restaurant, be prepared to send some time. Lots of time.Visited here with a couple of buddies when we were in New Orleans. We were craving some authentic Indian cuisine but we left baffled. 
First off, this is not authentic Indian cuisine, a lot of items seemed as they were store bought and frozen. Coming from New Jersey, we have a lot of Indian restaurants here so I can tell what is good vs. what is bad. We ordered a couple of vegetarian entrees and noticed that all of them had a lot of food coloring and dishes were mostly compromised of heavy cream. We got a assorted vegetable appetizer which was not too bad, but also very simple items. The naan was the only thing which was fresh in my opinion.  
Also, the portions are extremely small for the price that you pay. People do not know true authentic cuisine so this place tries to play it off. I give it two stars just because the servers were attentive.Nirvana is the best Indian food I've ever eaten (and I eat it practically weekly!).
It radiates freshness and flavor.
The recipes are authentic and contemporary.
The service was beautifully paced.
I will return to Nirvana again and again!This restaurant has a really great ambience and location, but I was a little disappointed with the food. We came for the Sunday dinner buffet, and there weren't very many options. The jasmine rice was cooked to absolute perfection - fragrant and fluffy, just like it should be - but the lentil curry was dry and not flavorful.I love Indian food, but this place is mediocre at best.  My curry was thin and runny and had frozen veggies in it.  Yuck!Okay, I've read lots of the bad reviews of Nirvana, and I have to disagree.  I was skeptical going in, and hadn't been there since before Katrina.  I've been to India many times and know what good Indian should taste like.  The appetizers we had were excellent - Ragda Pathi (Potato cake topped with chickpeas) and Chat (flaky potato wafers).  I am vegetarian and we had a several of the vegetarian dishes - Bindhi (Okra), Tandoori Vegetables and Aloo Gobi (cauliflower & potatoes).  They were fresh and tasty.  My feedback is that they could have been spicier - next time I'll remember to ask.  I also wish that they served more south Indian dishes.  The wait staff was very attentive and helpful.Very bad customer service! I called to order food for pick up and I was out on hold for 15 minutes and finally hung up the phone! I could hear them talking and laughing about bills! Pathetic for food pick ups, because you might just end up spending 10 mins waiting for someone to take the damn order!I am a huge fan of the Thursday/Sunday buffets. I always find enough delicious food to fill me up. Only giving 3 stars because sometimes the service is so-so and they can be slow about refilling the buffet.Finally a buffet that has spice and flavor! This indian buffet lives up to the traditional Indian standards! The spicy food was not overpowering to the amazing flavors that defines a true Indian experience. The service was very profesional and attentive.
If only they had an Indian restaurant in Gulfport area but this was worth the one hour drive to get great food and great service!I end up getting Indian food in nearly every city I visit. This place is easily the second best Indian restaurant I've ever been to (#1 is Amber India in Mountain View, CA). The hours are great, the decor is nice, and the service is fast. The menu variety is fantastic and their ability to spice the food how you like it is spot on. There are two downsides: Menu items are often unavailable and the seating is uncomfortable.
Overall highly recommended.I just returned, and am currently in the midst of a food comma, from Nirvana.  I have been many time for the lunch buffet and have come to the conclusion; the place is great IF you get there early.  They have a good selection on the salad bar, fresh naan, and 5-6 entree choices.  They also always have fresh rice and Tandoori Chicken.  The service is limited, but I'm okay with that since it is a buffet.  My drink always stays full and they promptly remove dirty dishes.  Today one server even offered to raise the lights in my area if it was too dim for me to read (it wasn't).  I'm taking a point off because it did take me several visits to realize that they put out fresh food at open and depending on the crowd it may or may not be refreshed.  Get there between 11:30 and noon and you will enjoy the hot, spicy, tasty treats they put out for lunch.  Don't forget to cool your tastebuds off with a cup of Soft Serve ice cream (maybe not so authentic, but its nice after some spicy curry!).Amazing though small lunch buffet. Hard to imagine how it could get better.  I've averaged once a week here since I got to town.Have not been in a while but I am so glad I made it back.  I am normally stuck on the same items over and over again but I wanted to try something new so I got the Lamb Sikander which was  thinly sliced leg of lamb sautéed with onions and tomatoes. It was amazing the flavors just jumped out, and the lamb was cooked perfectly.  Of course I had to get one of my favorites, I got the Chicken Tikka which was moist and had great flavor. I cannot wait to go back again !This was one of the worst dining experiences. The staff was very rude,served hot tap water, undercooked food and didn't acknowledge the complaints even after 3 times. Would not recommend at all.Amazing!!!
The food was so good and everyone was kind and helpful.Unhesitating 5 stars. We celebrated Valentine's Day this evening and had a lovely time. 
Atmosphere: very pretty, warm, spacious and comfortable. The decor for Valentine's Day was very nicely done - very romantic, with candles, rises, and tasteful balloons. 
We had the kebob appetizer (recommended) kashmiri naan bread (delicious!) The chicken tikka, chicken saag and tandoori chicken (we like chicken, so sue me) and the lamb curry. The tandoori was good, the tikka was very good, the saag was top notch and the curry was downright ridiculous. Very flavorful, spicy without too much heat, zero fat/gristle. 
The service is decent, but the staff are very warmly welcoming - we were happy to be there. 
We will return!good buffet - bad service = go for lunch when you can serve yourself the yummy food!
I think the food here is pretty good.  I would come more often but the service leaves a lot wanting.  I like to come for lunch when their is a buffet and I don't have to rely on their service.post katrina update...
the lunch buffet is now 10 bux, but still totally worth it.  I love that even though this place has been open for like five years now, the Indian fellows that act as service still don;t seem to know what they;re doing.
anything with spinach or mushrooms here is a god unto itself.  Good thing Hinduism has so many!Parking is in the back! For those that do not know. Parking on Magazine Street can be frustrating. 
Anyways. I have eaten here maybe 15 times and have never ordered anything off the menu. All of the times have been for lunch. They have a great lunch mini buffet. Great for bringing your vegetarian friends too. I don't know what those fried green things are but they are like crack. Can't get enough of it. 
Service is good. Drinks are always filled on time.I don't think I've ever experienced such horrible service before. My first bad impression was when I walked into the restaurant. I looked around and saw that there were only two other tables there. On 6:30pm (prime dinner time) on a Saturday night, that is a huge warning sign. When we walked in, we were not acknowledged by the staff. I stood by the front before realizing that they were not going to come to us but WE HAD TO GO TO  THEM. When we were finally able to be seated and order, the waiter just stood there impatiently while we were still trying to decide. 
My biggest complaint is that the food for the group did not come out all at once. Everyone got food when the server came over with the orders, except two people in the group of 8. Me being one of them. So I am personally offended. Another offense is my entree came out before my appetizer. I ordered naan bread for my appetizer. Exactly how difficult can it be for an Indian restaurant to execute naan?! It's pathetic. When I called the server to remind him that I ordered naan (I thought they possibly forgot my order), he replied, "It's coming." in a rude condescending tone. 
The  blow that kills this place is the fact that their food is mediocre compared to other Indian restaurants that I have been to. The fast food Indian restaurant on my college campus is better than this joke of a place!!
When we were finished with our food, we looked around for the server to come over to hand us the check, but he never came. Instead, he mindlessly stood behind the counter the entire time. Finally I got frustrated, and went towards him to tell him that we were ready for our check. When we got our individual checks we noticed that gratuity was already added to the total. The server is lucky that they did that because he honestly would have only got $1 from me.
My final comment: NEVER  AGAIN.Absolutely nowhere on the website nor menu does it state left over night buffet only. No menu offerings. I am so disappointed because this place was highly recommended by a local friend. We spent as much on cab fare to and from the hotel as we did on food only to be offered a salad sparse buffet. The mushroom curry was good with the basamiti rice. But otherwise meh. It was nicely decorated and clean. Decent service. That's where the 2nd star came from.All hail Nirvana! I love Indian food, so maybe I'm a bit biased, but Nirvana is hands down one of my favorite places in the city. The staff is always extremely professional and courteous and helpful. The food is delicious, and I have never had a bad experience here. Usually I try to make it for the lunch buffet, all you can eat for 10$, always includes fresh Naan and mulligatawny stew. I'm a big fan of lamb dishes, and everything I have tried has had tender, juicy flavorful lamb. And the Naan menu itself is pretty extensive. I love this place and will be back!Nirvana, the Indian wing of the Tulane dining hall. Or maybe that's just the Sunday night buffet crowd. I see more Green Wave undergrads stuffing their gobs here than in the LBC on Tulane's campus, but they are generally well-behaved. The poor servers are utterly harassed by the Tulane entitlement aura, though. 
I pop by for the buffet, which continues to deliver a nice range of vegetarian and OM NOM NOM MEAT options in my preferred price range. To make up for the nice price, I do tip my server well because I bet these guys just don't get much love. The service followed a pretty strong pattern: good the first visit, dipped the next two, and pulled back up after being recognized as a regular. Or maybe the service went back up after being recognized as a good tipper. 
My resident Indian food expert is from the West Indies, and she gives Nirvana a double-thumbs-up as food cooked in New Orleans with a more Western bent. Note that this isn't Trini/West Indian food, but it is closer to West Indian/Caribbean Indian food than straight out of Chennai. As your resident white girl who likes curry, I like the prices enough and the food enough to keep enjoying Nirvana. Plus, it's an easy bike ride from my apartment. If there was better that was available closer, I'd probably lean that direction. Fact. 
Accessibility notes: Door opens out. Tables are very close together. No Braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours. Buffet is at standing-height.According to google: Nirvana- The ineffable ultimate in which one has attained disinterested wisdom and compassion. ...
The food is prepared with spices that help me sleep like a baby! 
The buttered Chicken is delicious.. I also like the dish prepared with spinach..The buffet is an inexpensive way to put yourself out there and try different cuisine. 
The ambiance makes me feel like I am a Queen. I love all the staff at Nirana - Morris the Mgr, Andrew, Tubert and the new guy..The service was below expectations. No ice water, unless requested. Chcicken wings were garbage. They basically served reheated wings from lunch service; they came out extremely quick and confirmed my theory. The butter paneer was over powered when eilachi. The chicken in the chicken Tikka Masala  was too big. We ended up having to cut the pieces with our knives. Naan was great. Samosas were good too. Avoid the restaurant.Went back for dinner.  I ordered off of the menu this time while my husband enjoyed the buffet.  Ordered the chicken korma...still three stars.  Unremarkable.  Will probably stick to the buffet.Lunch Buffet is AWEFUL! Everything is preheated tasted like, almost no vegetarian options and no deserts.Amazing food as always. The chat papadi is soo good! There is no where else I would go for malai kofta, it's hands down the best I've ever had.What a pretty place & best the matter paneer & cheese naan i ordered tasted great. The portion was a really good size & it actually had a lot of chunks of paneer in the main dish (hate when you order a dish & they only give you like 3 pieces of cheese in your dish) lol. Next time i have to remember to order it spicy, it was pretty mild but still tasty!Came to Nirvana about a year ago and was not impressed 2.5 stars at best - a few months ago I guess they got a new chef because it is amazing now. I've been going every week and haven't been disappointed. The buffet is delicious or on days they don't have that I love the flag of India dish. If you've been before and didn't like it- give it a second chance.I've eaten at Nirvana a few times and have had mixed experiences. My go-to dish, Dal Makhani, was great on my first visit but has gotten progressively worse with each visit. My last order managed to achieve an odd mix of tastelessness while simultaneously smelling and tasting of old bacon grease... not something I'm psyched on for a vegetarian entree. The most unforgivable choice they seem to have made is forgoing any fresh produce in their Navratan Korma, a traditionally nine-vegetable dish containing no fresh vegetables. Instead every component save for the sauce base (I'll give that the benefit of doubt) obviously came from a bag of Birds Eye mixed veg. Pretty sure corn kernels aren't typically one of the 'jewels' included in the recipe for this dish. I also tried the chutney plate with papad, which was pretty good but also probably available at any Indian grocer or online store (i.e. likely not house made). I'd go back here in a pinch, but definitely not my first choice.I was really hoping this would be good, it was ok, fixed the Indian craving but left me thinking about how badly Nola needs a really good Indian restaurant. Won't be driving back down here even if the prices are reasonable for a decent buffet.I was visiting New Orleans for work and was craving Indian food this day so I ordered chicken biryani for delivery. The biryani tasted good but it appeared as if the rice wasn't fresh and the flavor was wrongly distributed. There were small pieces of some weird stuff, probably straw, in it.Ok let me start. Gratuity for a table of 5 people. Unique and queer. Please buy salt guys. Yes medley with American taste is important but preserving authenticity is equally important. More options for salad dressing than curries. And you give milk with 2 grains of rice and call it Kheer for desert. I was down in NOLA for Mardi Gras and my roommate who also happens to be one of my best friends craved for indian food and we stopped by it. Too bad, I shouldn't have trusted his choice. 
The rice was not fresh. Know the difference between bashi and basmati........ 
Well, ambience and decor was good all and beyond. And I liked their raita. 
Merci!!!Indian is very hard to find in New Orleans.  4 stars are compared to other Indian restaurants in New Orleans, not across the country.  This place is in walking distance of my house, therefore I want it to stay in business.  
I like the Thursday night dinner buffet better than ordering off the menu.  The buffet is a great value as the food quality is very good - not cold bottom-feeding buffet food like you get at some places.
I'm guessing the people complaining about the size of the buffet haven't had too many Indian buffets in other cities around the country and may be comparing it to something like a "Super Buffet" or a Chinese buffet in a suburb somewhere.  There were as many choices as I have had at typical buffets at Indian restaurants in San Francisco, San Diego and Atlanta.  And more than in New York.
Great patio right on Magazine for drinks/eating when it is not too hot.
Let's make a deal, Nirvana.  You stay in business and I'll try to come visit twice a month.Good flavors during the Sunday lunch buffet. We were able to stop in and quickly eat with no wait.Horrible service. Just took us to the table, dropped water. And didn't hear from anyone for a very long time. Food was good though.Love this place, Love the food  the only bad thing is the parking so hard to find near by parking. 
My friend Francis Shelton was skeptical about the food but once she try the food she loves it! Now Nirvana is one of her favorite place to have Indian food in New Orleans.I chose to tag along when a group decided to eat the buffet dinner here at Nirvana on a Thursday evening. $9.95 does seem like a great deal; especially since I wanted to try some Indian food in New Orleans. 
Well, I thought selection was awful and the food that they did have wasn't good at all. I tried a little bit of everything, and there were some saving factors: the naan was good especially with the yogurt sauce, the rice was good, and that concludes that list. The sauces for all the dishes were okay tasting, but it was either slim pickings on the meat/vegetables in the sauce, or it was cooked in a way that mushed everything together with not enough sauce. There was a vegetable dumplings dish... uh, there were no vegetable anythings in that tray of just sauce. Even the tandoori chicken was dry, with the only flavoring being salt. Blech. 
Perhaps it's the sad nature of eating at a buffet, and perhaps their regular menu is better. But, after last night's experience I wouldn't even bother going back to try it out. Other's in my party recommended Taj Mahal in Metairie, so next time I'll go there instead. You probably should too.New Orleans' only Indian restaurant, as far as I know. 
The lunch buffet is around $10/person and features a glorious array of food with plenty of vegetarian options (obviously). You can also order from an a la carte menu--try getting a side of fresh pakoras to go with a heaping plate of rice, dal, and vegetables.
Now I'm hungry.New favorite!!! Food was so yummy, did not try one thing that was not good! It was all excellent. Service was great!!! And the seating was comfy. Can't wait to go back!!!My wife and I have been to Nirvana several times in the last year and a half. They have always had consistently good food. I usually get the buffet when available, so I can try out new dishes. The buffet always seems fresh and has many different options. They have plenty of vegetarian and vegan options on the menu also. We like to sit out on the patio where there is a good view of the happenings of Magazine St.I just threw up all the left over food i ate the night before at this place. Maybe it was me being absolutely unlucky with the food but just wanted to warn people who are interested to step into this place. The staff are very warm and hospitable, the food is always wag too spicy to be able to differentiate between different dishes and different flavors, at least for me. Anyhow, after last night experience,  I'm gonna kiss this place bye bye and no Nirvana for me anymore. Stay well people!Nirvana never disappoints. You can't beat it on Thursday. I'm absolutely addicted to the mint spicy sauce. Saag with peas, 7 bean stew, butter chicken, tomato loo.... so delicious. I'm quite content. great ambiance and service, too!Horrible!!! .The buffet was no less than a few feet away from the dirty bathroom with flies everywhere! DISGUSTING!I was really craving some butter chicken ..so ordered anyways...bland.......my husband.. who is not a picky eater .. tried the  buffet and couldn't eat more than a few bites...It was just not good!
They put cream in everything ....even in vegetable dishes where there should be no cream....it kills the authenticity of the dish....maybe they do it to make it hearty..so people would eat less....i dunno
and why would you set up buffet all the way in the back by the smelly dirty bathroom when there was plenty of space in the front....??????? 
I wanted to give it one more shot so went again...and never going back .
I am assuming people giving this place good reviews may not be very familiar with Indian Food.Excellent service. The most amazing samosas ever that comes with wonderful tamarind and mint dips.  Authentic beer selection that paired well with our meal. We both ordered our own dishes and when our food arrived we quickly realized that we should have shared a plate! Huge portions and we left with to go boxes which we will enjoy again tomorrow. Highly recommend, we will definitely come back.LOVE IT!
Great food - great service and great Indian food.  I keep coming back - lunch buffet or friends at dinner!
LOVE ITThis is not the first time I have found Nirvana being Shady with their ingredients. 
If I want to feel shady, I'll go to Metairie.
I already wrote a review for Nirvana, but since last night's meal was a Magic Trick that was not up to par, I had to write a follow up. Magic is only good if the magician is successful at hiding the truth from the audience.   
There are certain items that all Indian Buffets should have. Nirvana did not get the memo! They no longer have Saag Paneer in their buffet and instead are serving this weird shrimp dish with spinach. Yes it tasted as weird as it sounds.  They started putting baking powder in their Naan bread, which is unheard of in Indian Cuisine and makes the bread taste chemically and airy.Not at all authentic Indian food, if you are an Indian with craving for Indian food. We came in for a buffet on Sunday afternoon and were very disappointed with the overall food as well as the ambience.
We were a party of 6 people and the waiter made us sit on a table that was made for 4 seatings. Though there were other tables around he was not accommodating to combine it. Since all the naan (bread) are egg washed, we asked if we could order roti which is off the table. But he replied we wont accommodate that as well as was not ready to speak with the cook as well. Oh requesting again and again, he did.
The food options we had were very limited for a buffet. Chicken smelled like it was from past day. Nothing was authentic for Indian taste.This is a great place. Super friendly staff, old school India decor, great food.... I'm a little biased due to multiple visits this year, but I wouldn't say it if it wasn't true. 
There is a buffet a couple of times a week. 
Great chicken and vegetarian dishes. Spicy, flavorful and delicious.  
The basmati rice is even perfect. 
Saag Paneer (Curried spinach with farmers cheese). The cheese is so mild, I thought it was tofu. 
Butter chicken ( roasted pieces of tender chicken cooked in a tomato butter methi sauce)is a bit spicy and delicious.
Vegetable soup is great. 
Plentiful Naan. 
I recommend Nirvana for a delicious lunch or dinner. Come for the food, talk to the staff, and chefs. They're a lot of fun.They welcomed us .. Took our order.. Brought our food and never came back to ask if we needed anything else .. No refills .. Nothing.. My friend ordered the wine - said it was not worth $6 .. The food was good ... But customer service was very disappointing... We left a tip anyway but the waiter came and looked at what we tipped .. No manners what so ever ... Would not go back ..It definitely exceeded my expectations!  Ate there last week while visiting New Orleans.  It is loacted in a nice neighborhood, the decor is well coordinated with big murals and beautiful, decorative, Indian style chairs (cannot say the same about a lot of other Indian restaurants).  The service was prompt and friendly and the food was pretty good.  All dishes had distinctly different gravies, unlike the standard orange, creamy concoction.  Refreshingly, the food is a little bit on the spicier side compared to most other Indian restaurants.  The quantity of food was also a lot.  I think it is better than most indian restaurants in Dallas that I have been to...may be just being in New Orleans helps the restaurant to be more competetive and better?The food and service is always wonderful here! After my fiancé and I moved to New Orleans we tried a few different places but were never that impressed. Not until we came here. I love their lamb korma and their boti kebab is to die for. I love this place more than where we used to go twice a week in Nashville!I need to begin this review by stating that I've eaten at Nirvana no less than 50 times over the last 10 years, and in the past I've written a great review for them. It takes a lot for me to write a bad one.  Oh - and I've lived in India. 
1. Customer service was good, bordering on excellent. Never any issues there. The waitstaff is very attentive. 
2. Order summary: We ordered chai, mango lassi, chicken pakoras, chicken tikka masala, and chicken korma. The chicken korma came as a result of me asking our server to give me the best chicken dish on the menu. 
3. The chai was horrible - it tasted like it had been sitting there for hours, or worse, made in a pot. No flavor whatsoever - just the flavor of 'burnt spices' -- and I know good chai when I taste it. A suggestion for the restaurant: Nowhere in India will you see chai served in a full-size coffee mug. The servings are much smaller (you should know that, right?) -- it has such a distinct flavor (or should) and should be served in a glass no larger than an espresso cup. Oh and add some actual flavor. 
4. All 3 chicken dishes were absolutely horrible. You have a certain expectation when you order standard Indian fare - an image and taste in your mind of pakoras, of tikka masala, of korma --- and, sans creative license for plating and the chef's choice of spices, all of these dishes lacked greatly in taste and texture. 
The pakoras came to us as lightly battered chicken tenders, (perhaps in besan flour?) -- fine... but the chicken was so tough, dry, and overcooked, we couldn't even cut through them with a knife. The waiter really should have asked us why we didn't eat a single one of them. In 30 years, I've never been served such horribly dry/overcooked chicken at any restaurant, ever. 
The chicken in the other two dishes was from the same 'batch' -- likely old or frozen, or had been sitting out and recooked too many times --- while the sauces were "OK" tasting, the chicken was dry, tough, and overcooked --- on every dish. We did let the waiter know -- but at the end, we spent over $50.00 on inedible leftovers that we gave to our dog. 
Suggestions: Stick to the vegetarian fare until they get their meat situation sorted out. Or go out to Taj in Metairie. That's where we're headed next.I have been eating at Nirvana since 2004 and I can honestly say I am never disappointed. I always bring my adventurous guest here for the lunch buffet. It is a great way to try some of their specializes and get plenty of naan. I also recommend it to cure a hangover. If you have fiends who are Vegan or Vegetarian this is a great spot for them as well.Great Indian food. If you like spicy food, then this is a great option. Atmosphere isn't great at first,  but when you start to eat the food, you don't care. Went there on a Tuesday, so I don't know how it tastes on weekends. Food 5/5. Atmosphere 3/5.This is the worst Indian restaurant I've been to in the US. My friends and I came to New Orleans and went to Nirvana for the buffet. If Yelp had an option of giving negative reviews I would've given those to this place. There was NOTHING in their lunch spread which was not poorly made.
1. The bowls and silverware at the buffet were filthy.
2. For the vegetarians, there were no edible options except a daal which was barely edible.
3. All the breads in the buffet were absolutely cold.
4. The restrooms looked like they had never been cleaned.
5. I noticed that the TV was playing some content which was not appropriate for a restaurant. On telling the cashier about this, I was told "Too bad, we can't monitor the content on the TV at all times"
This place does not do justice to Indian food. Avoid at all costs.In a city with very little in the way of Indian food, Nirvana will definitely satisfy a craving for the basics, especially with the dinner buffets on Thursday and Saturday nights. They're cheap ($10) and available for take-out, which makes it even cheaper because the containers they allow you to fill hold far more than the average stomach in a single sitting. I've been uniformly unimpressed when ordering off the menu, and the food is not worth the price you pay. The lunch buffets (every day except Sunday) also seem to be a bit lackluster, but if you stick with the butter chicken, chicken tikka, mattar paneer, and dal you'll be happy. I don't think the samosas and lassis are worth it, but I have friends who disagree.I went to dinner their with my boyfriend around 5:30pm. I ordered the butter chicken and we had samosa's for an appetizer. My boyfriend had the coconut lamb curry. They had great portiolns, I couldn't eat it all so I gave the rest to my boyfriend. It is spicy in a good kind of way. I highly suggest this place very tasty.Hubby and I went for our fifth anniversary dinner and I was 8 months pregnant...so just putting it out there because that might have colored my experience.  
Having just moved here a few months before this I was dying for a big plate of chicken vindaloo, so I was disappointed when they told me they couldn't make it any less spicy than very spicy.  (Pregnant + heartburn = sad anniversary).  I don't remember what I ended up getting instead, so it wasn't mind-blowing.
Hubby got the chicken vindaloo and he ordered it extra hot...and it ended up being so hot he had to leave the restaurant to get some fresh air.  So, if you like hot indian food, I think this is your place.  
The atmosphere was fairly relaxing and the wait staff were friendly enough--just not really willing to help me find an alternative to vindaloo and not really interested in our presence.  We might return, but it was kind of spendy and it wasn't the best experience.Was scrolling through the Yelp feed and noticed a few people giving 1 and 2 star reviews for Nirvana and I remembered that I hadn't yet given my 1 star review.
THIS PLACE IS AWFUL.
Terrible service: Multiple times we've had to get up and go to the counter to ask for a drink, silverware, food problems, etc because the waiter/waitress is nowhere to be found.
TERRIBLE FOOD:  Probably the worst Indian food I've ever had.  New Orleans does not have great Indian food but Nirvana's is pretty awful on any standards.  From the Jasmine rice, to the Samosa, Chicken Chat, Pakoras, Makhani, Saag, Korma, etc. etc. etc. it is all AWFUL.
Everything is unnecessarily spicy too.  I know Indian has spice but even if you ask for mild it is beyond ridiculously spicy.
Also, the chairs are so uncomfortable that they must have been designed as a midievil torture device.
Although not the cleanest or most appealing restaurant in the world, Taj Mahal on Metairie Rd has MUCH better food.Good chai, excellent off-menu items (if you know what to ask for), and gracious staff.
Interior is decorated with Hindi and Indian iconography, in carvings, statues, paintings, and murals, which contribute to the ambiance.
There is often a lunch or dinner buffet, which is pretty well stocked, offered at a reasonable price.  The bar offers local and Indian beers, wines, and liquors.Excellent service and the buffet was delicious. Staff is very accommodating. Nice atmosphere and decor. There could be more options, but the food was hot. The dessert was mango salad custard and it was delicious.Horrible customer service EVER!!!  Been going to the restaurant for over 20 years. The service is getting worst and just not surprising ANYMORE. Wouldn't go back EVER or recommend anyone to this restaurant.  It started off bad as it was HOT AS HELL in the restaurant.  The water was served without ice. Not a single question asked if we were going to order appetizers.  As my father asked if they could bring any snacks with the drinks the waiter replies,  there's going to be a charge.  Every time we have gone to Nirvana our bill has never been less than $250+ . Obviously we are there to have a good time with family and friends, order the food we enjoy. Not there to look at the price tag. The dinner outing was for our mom's birthday which turned out to be an horrible experience.   My father and brother in law had to get up twice to ask for drinks. Not a single time anyone stopped by to see how did the order come out OR if we wanted anything else. Of course no questions asked if we wanted to order any desserts.  Not sure how the customer service got so cheap. But this time experience was disgusting enough to stop 4 family's from spending any time to come and look forward for such a rude and cheap service.Had the lunch buffet, best time to go is lunch anyways so you can try everything else, but I have to say that's it's far fresher than going to Indian Palace in Metairie.
Parking can be a pain in the butt, offstreet on Magazine, they accept cash and credit.Nirvana...I used to dream about you...your navrattan korma, your saag paneer.  But then since the storm, you've been using frozen vegetables.  For the 1st year, I could forgive, but now?  Your cranky wait staff doesn't really help.  EXCEPT if the owner is in the house, then the waiters are suddenly actually helpful.Slightly disappointed, I am usually thrilled by the dinner offerings, but it felt more like leftovers night. Everything seemed to be a little off without much flavor. As always service was attentive as always and of course everyone at the restaurant is always very friendly and eager to answer any questions you may have about the menu or the buffet.
We are all entitled to an off night, the food wasn't bad it just wasn't up to the level of excellence I have come to expect .
I will be back you just can't keep me out of NirvanaThere are not enough Indian restaurants in New Orleans! Nirvana is by far NOT the best Indian I've had, but I still consider it a good choice, and it is very affordable. I come here about once every 2 weeks. The butter chicken and the saag paneer are my favorite. The waiters are polite.Besides the food being amazing, I do love the atmosphere of Nirvana. It is rich with Indian culture, I love the Asian street food channel they always have on. The staff is amicable and service is prompt. I've yet to try a bad dish. I love their menus most because it also gives you a little background on the food and what region it comes from. Subtle details like those makes this place one of a kind.A little too brightly lit for dinner but the food was good and had some different items to choose from than your average Indian restaurant. Service was civil but they kept my glass full of water. I notice lots of Indian people there eating and that's always a good sign.This place gets 5 stars for lunch. The buffet is excellent featuring a lot of great indian options and all the bread you can eat and their bread is delicious. The only reason for the 3 stars is that its a ripoff for dinner. The portions are small, the price is high and for god sakes don't ask for bread because you will be charged a premium for it. Come for lunch or don't come at all.Not good. I ordered paneer kali-mirch, dal, garlic naan and rice. Disappointed with the entire meal.
Paneer was very hard and the gravy was also below average, bland dal, rubbery naan and half cooked rice...
Can't say if the food is like that always as i went to new orleans for vacation and had tried Nirvana's food only once.Great buffet. Not the best Indian I've ever had, but a decent place. I'm especially happy with it since it's the only one around for miles!The decor is really nice as compared to many other Indian places.  The service was excellent!  The server was very helpful in recommending us spicy vegetarian choices.  Being very familiar with Indian food, the variety was good to choose from in the menu.  The gravies were basically similar in all the dishes, but still one of the better restaurants I have been to the several In US.  The channa pattice and onion pakoras were good in the appetizers, the samosa was bland as per my taste buds.  The pander was moist and soft in the pander dish unlike several other Indian joints!  It is worth visiting to this place if I come to Nola again.Pile up that plate with naan, butter chicken, and saag and overstuff yourself because that's what a buffet is all about.  This place is best on Thursdays and Sundays when they have their buffet. It's usually chaotic with some slightly aggressive customers fending elbows as they huddle around the last few Naan in the tray, but within a few minutes comes another heaping stack. 
The food is flavorful but not great. They have recently been cutting back on the quality and ingredients of their buffet. No longer do they give Paneer (Indian Cheese) in the Saag (spinach dish), substituting the Paneer for potatoes. The service is very chaotic, but the deal is hard to beat.I love prawn sag and the one they prepare at Nirvava was really good, the naan's were so tasty not at all dry like so many restaurants. Would  recommend this restaurant for either a romantic evening or friends night outThe vegetable biryani was pitiful.  Miniscule pieces of vegetables and the spice was overpowering.I've lived in New Orleans for about 12 years and have been going to Nirvana almost that long - I've seen the quality of the food, atmosphere, and waitstaff go down over the years and after today, sadly, I don't think I'll be going back.
Sure the $10 buffet is a fairly good deal, especially in New Orleans, but their buffet options were extremely limited, of poor quality, and almost all cold or lukewarm.
Instead of the typical Onion Pakoras they offered "Chicken Wafers," weird little bits of what tasted like cold, deep fried dog biscuits. I don't know if these things suffered from freezer burn or what, but they were the most disgusting things I had ever eaten in a restaurant, ever.
The butter chicken was cold. They were out of Naan bread. The salad greens tasted as if they hadn't been washed. There was a dish called shrimp and noodles that looked like they just decided to cook up some old spaghetti and frozen shrimp they had lying around in the back. The spinach was good, I'll give them that. But god, the rest of it, just bad. And it's a shame because Nirvana used to be one of my favorite restaurants to visit.
This is a place that needs renovation BAD. I would have thought like everyone else they would have done that after Katrina, but no.We went here for New Year's Day during their lunch buffet and it was absolutely ridiculous! Waited in long lines three different times to have absolutely no food. Staff was not even apologetic. My husband ordered off their menu and the food was ok. The wait was long, the food was mediocre at best. Will not be going back!!Thursday buffet...Service was excellent!  Atmosphere was very authentic.  Food very different but very good for the mature palate... we enjoyed the different experience .Nirvana is a decent Indian restaurant within the city. I have been there 4 times, it has been a hit or miss. Twice the curries were tasty. The rest of the times they were ok. Consistently rice is not well cooked and Naan is very bulky and completely uncooked at the edges. 
I would go there again only if I crave for Indian food. If I have other options, would prefer that.Buffet, Buffet, Buffet!
Normally buffet equals nasty, non-fresh, and questionable food; but not here. 
I love to come here and see how fat I can make myself on the delicious delicacies that they serve up.  The atmosphere is great and I must admit I know relatively little about Indian food.  I love to just mix things together and try a little bit of each thing on the buffet and rarely have I stumbled on anything I didn't like.  I bet if you come here you will become a regular fairly quickly.Lunch buffet was awesome. It had decent variety of food.  Great taste. Server Vallory was very helpful. Food was DOPE! Wish they had milk tea and goat meat.My first Indian restaurant in NOLA, so I lack a frame of reference for what the alternatives are, but the menu was very hit or miss. I got a veg dish from the "Standard Indian Fare" section of the menu, which was so bad I needed to send it back. I never send things back. The sauce was fine, but the vegetables was so obviously from a bag of frozen Jolly Green Giant, and tasted like it, too.The only reason this place even has a few decent reviews is because there are no good Indian buffets in NOLA to compare it to.  Bad service, bad food, bad restaurant.  And for an Indian buffet they have a very limited selection.WOW!!  So spicy and flavorful!!  Great Service!! We'll be back!!  We came for dinner tonight and we were quite impressed.  Of course, we were used to the $7.99 AYCE Indian buffet in Irvine (Annapoorna), so we weren't sure what to expect.  We ordered Chat Papri, Saag Paneer, Chicken Tikka Masala, and the Nirvana Special.
Everything was DELICIOUS!  Had more kick in spice than what we're used to, but it was OH SO GOOD!  The Lamb and shrimp part in the Nirvana Special were okay - not bad.  The shrimps were huge and butterflied.
We'll definitely come back to try the lunch or dinner buffet.
YUMMY!  OH! and How could I forget the GARLIC NAAN!!???!  yummmmmm!I usually go to nirvana for their buffet. Great price for a good selection of food. But even at other days when they do not offer buffet their prices are reasonable.Went for Sunday night buffet (I think) for a little less than $10.  
The naan was really good...and from what I remember of the food (I was starving so this review might be a little biased) it was pretty tasty.  However the selection was small and it's not the best Indian restaurant I've been to...so three stars until I can go back and try it again.I had the chicken tiki masala it was very tasty but for 14$ the portion was small for me. thats why I can only give 3 stars, I was still hungry.Ugh, this place.  I can't believe it has any reviews that are over one or two stars.  Maybe they're coming from people who don't get to eat Indian food that often, which is totally understandable considering how few Indian spots there are in/around NOLA.  I am by no means an *expert* about any type of food, but I eat Indian food all the time, all over the world, and this place is terrible.
We went for the lunch buffet during the week, and I was really surprised by the lack of options available.  There were only like 4 entrees available and all the meat dishes were chicken--chicken meat balls?  Really?--which was really weird to me because the Indian place I usually go in Baltimore has like 12 entrees and they include chicken, goat, fish, and vegetarian for the buffet, even during the week.  The fact that they had so few options made it kind of hard to like this place initially, but the fact that those options were then not very good sealed the deal.  The tandoori chicken was definitely the best thing they had, but the chicken tikka masala was nasty and that's one of my favorite dishes.  The naan was okay (no other bread option), the pakora was gross, and the serving spoons were so hot they were actually burning people's hands in the buffet line!
The service was not very good either, even for a buffet.
One last comment: they keep their kheer (rice pudding dessert) in the serving area with the condiments.  I found that ridiculous.  Who wants their dessert to be next to ketchup and relish and chutneys?  Grossed me out.Usually the sign of a good ethnic food restaurant is when they have people of that nationality dining in, so I thought that I was in for some good authentic Indian food when I ate in the night of Bacchus.... I was wrong! The naan was the best part. I ordered a shrimp dish and the cook disguised a couple of spoiled shrimp in with the good ones... disgusting! And the rice was just plain white rice, not the long grain basmati rice typically served with inidian food. The waiter was quick when he originally brought the wrong dish other than the service everything else was bad. Cute chairs though...Garbage buffet. Absolute garbage. Gristly chicken I could floss my teeth with swimming in butter (like all the other dishes, floating on a sea of bland), limp naans, and slimy tandoori (not because it's rotten, but because they slathered it in mint chutney sauce and didn't cook it long enough.) That picture of Shri Keswani smiling down at us must be crying inside. I've had better food in roadside motorway hotels in Sukkur at 2 am, which is saying something. These people should seriously be ashamed of representing the subcontinent with this dross. Clearly they spend all their money on keeping up the decorations.
There is a saying in Hindi - "Chillu bhar paani men dub maarna", roughly equivalent to a much stronger, shame inducing version of "Go jump in a lake". It adequately describes both the dining experience at this restaurant and my suggested remedy to the proprietors.This was my first visit to Nirvana.  I went with friends who recommended going for the Thursday night dinner buffet (they also have a daily lunch buffet and a Sunday dinner buffet).  The buttered chicken was very good and a nice balance of spices.  Tandori chicken was good too.  The buffet offered several vegetarian dishes including a dish with cauliflower and peas, spicy potatoes , and a soupy, buttery  mushroom dish (sorry I don't remember all of the names).  All were very good.  The only disappointment was the naan.  I love naan but this was very rubbery and not very bread-like.  Overall, a good experience.  I will likely return and order some choices off of the menu.   
The service was kind of weird and not very attentive...no one formally came to our table when we first sat down, we just went to the buffet, then we received refills of water, but no one ever brought the check.  We had to go to the cash register to cash out.
Note: The buffet is offered "to go" and for $10 you can take home a pile of naan and Indian food.  Great deal!Too salty! Bad service....got our food after another group who came 20 mins after us.  Had to pay extra for chutneys which usually come standard with the meal.  Disappointing.I cannot praise the staff of this restaurant enough. 
I had ordered off the menu during their buffet. They made the dish fresh and it was delicious. However, it was not what I expected. One if the servers inquired about the taste and I told him, it was very good. He talked to me a bit and gathered from my conversation that I was looking for some ingredients that were not in the dish.
He offered to get the chef so I could explain my desired taste. The chef, Jay, made lip smacking delicious paneer dish.
Ymmmm... Reminded me of home! 
Incredible service and attentive caring staff. Two thumbs to the servers; Jerson and Navil!We were having trouble parking close to our intended restaurant, Magasin, and ended up closer to Nirvana. We were feeling adventurous, so we went there instead. We weren't disappointed with our choice. We ordered the chicken wings which had a  unique flavor. Those weren't on table long. We also ordered the garlic naan which was really garlicie, but was ok. The people I was with really liked them. Our entrees were really good. I ordered the lamb vindaloo and someone ordered the mango chicken. They were both spicy (which I like), and they both had a nice blend of flavors. 
The restaurant itself was really nice. We like the mural on the wall. We did, however, agree that the lighting could have been a little dimmer. Also, the waiter was okay, but he wasn't the greatest. I wouldn't say the food was outstanding, but it pretty good, and if you have the envie for Indian food, it does the trick.The lunch buffet was perfect, both the price and the variety. I was not a fan of Indian food but now I am. I also cook Indian food at home now. The butter chicken is my favorite. The spinach paneer is very good also. I have returned several times and also ventured off to other Indian restaurants around New Orleans, Metairie and Dallas, Texas. The cilantro or mint chutney is good on all the meats. Love it!There are not a lot of Indian food options in New Orleans that are good... this place is just ok. If you have a craving it for indian food and you don't mind mediocre taste, go for it. Their buffet option is a good value.