Went here for dinner and ordered:
Garlic Crusted Gulf Drum (4 stars)
-fish itself was very fresh and light
-the garlic crust was just right
-it is served with potatoes and green beans--if you're hungry it probably won't fill you up
Shrimp and Grits (3 stars)
-first bite was excellent but then it tapered off real quick. If I wasn't splitting the meal with my partner, it would've gotten old real quick
-I saw a lot of people order the bbq shrimp which seemed like a better option
Broccolini (5 stars)
-sauteed with garlic chunks
-flavorful and light; this dish was the perfect compliment to our meal
We sat at one of the high top tables right by where the cooks were making the food.  That was a cool experience but the service was a little slow and when it got busy I kept getting bumped.It took a while to get their attention that I wanted to sit down and eat lunch, but once they noticed me, they treated me like a king.  
I got a seat at the cooking station, my favorite spot, and enjoyed the Gumbo and Pork Cheek po-boy.  
Good place to go.This was our first dinner in the French quarter.  The food was good.  We had a party of 14, and had a great time.  The service was excellent.  The MAC & Cheese was great.  I don't remember what I had for the main course, but it was delicious.  I left content after we finished our dinner.Ah, a tale of two experiences.  Unfortunately it was the weekend of LSU v. Florida and town was overrun with Gators fans.  We were seated very late and the restaurant looked like a drunken good ol' boy fraternity reunion.  By this i mean it was loud!!!!  I asked my waiter if it was always this loud or were most of the other tables in fact screaming.  He said it was the latter, but didn't do a damn thing about it.  Oh well, i chose not to leave so . . .
On to the food.  For two we ordered Wood Roasted Oysters, Duck Confit Pizza with Fried Egg, Mussels in Chardonnay Broth, Goat Cheese-strawberry salad, and side of Cheddar Grits.  The waiter and I spoke about how to bring the food out and then to my surprise it all arrived at once.  Yikes.  The problem was rectified quickly though and apologies all around.
Oysters were good as two or three were included in each hole of the cast iron serving dish.  Nice that the broth was not overpoweringly garlic/butter flavor (ala Acme).  So we could taste the oysters and the liquid retained a briny flavor.
Mussels were good too as the broth was also redolent of the sea and the wine, while not being too garlicky and buttery.  Nice and light.
Pizza disappointed a bit as the dough was delicious but the fried egg was pretty well done and there was no yolk to ooze over the duck and crust.  Truffle oil was a nice touch though my wife didn't care for the flavor.
The salad was very good and stood out for its unique dressing, which we inquired about.  The waiter claimed it was a strawberry balsamic.  Didn't taste like it and upon leaving checked the specials board to find out it was a Cane Syrup-Brown butter vinaigrette.  Very tasty, sweet and nutty.  the grits were darn good but i would bet that was due to copious amounts of butter (and maybe cream too).  Not the kind you'd make at home but I guess thats the point.
For dessert we had the banana pudding cake, with drunken monkey ice cream.  Ice cream was very good, cake about what you'd expect.  
Would return for the food but the atmosphere was not conducive to a couples night out . . . unless you showed up rip roaring drunk and enjoy screaming to heard.NOLA's namesake is certainly a staple in the city. The staff provides attentive service with a smile. The noise level for brunch was moderate. We had reservations and were seated immediately upon arrival. The bi-level dining room is bright and open, but the second level has more ambiance. I was blown away by the Duck Confit Pizza my first time at Nola so this time I decided to try the Shrimp and Grits. I'm sad to say I wasn't really blown away. I love creamy grits, but these were a bit too creamy with not a lot of texture. The shrimp were small and nothing to write home about. My friend had the fried chicken. The flavor was great and the chicken was delicate and juicy the only downside was the chicken's crust. When cutting into the chicken the crust fell off...not  quite the perfect bite you'd expect. If you're a fan of Maryland style lump crab cakes I'd suggest by passing the crab cake app. The Boudin Balls were great and would certainly recommend those. Overall it was a good dining experience.I went here for during my birthday trip this past weekend and it was the best food on the trip.  We had the stuffed chicken wings as an appetizer and they were the best things ever!  I had the fried chicken and my friend had the shrimp and grits.  The chicken was good but the shrimp and grits were better!  I wanted to trade meals!  I had never had grits before and tried them at a few other places but they were the best here.  Don't get me wrong the chicken was good too.  For dessert we had the ooey gooey cake.  Awww sooo good.  They even put a candle in it for my birthday.  
Overall delicious.  The best meal I had on the entire trip.  It was a tad on the expensive side but worth it.I like to tell people how I'm sure Emeril put an entire stick of butter in my shrimp and grits (and bacon) entree, and how it gave me heartburn for the rest of the night. But I will tell you, my friends, that it didn't stop me from going back and ordering the same thing because it was so damn delicious the first time.
NOLA is a fun place for groups. It's not a place I would suggest for an intimate and romantical dinner, as it's quite loud and there are usually large parties of people seated throughout. It's definitely a fun atmosphere- the elevator ride to the second and third floors is cool (ask to go all the way up and see the wine rooms and they'll definitely show you). 
Bonus for the waiters who lead the ladies to the restroom on their arms. Lovely!  Bonus for the great service, as a team of several people attend to your needs at all times.
And besides that, the food is solidly good. The onion rolls! They also have some sort of stuffed chicken wings that I think about fondly from time to time when I am doing nothing at all related to chicken wings or food.I went here for an early lunch last Sunday while down in New Orleans for a bachelor party. Me and my buddy sat at the small bar so we could watch the Saints game on the only TV in the place. We were dressed in plain old shorts and T-shirts and my friend had sandals on. They didn't care and said we were dressed perfectly fine. It was nice and cool inside too.
I had a twist on a Tom Collins which they call a Saint Collins, it was damn good too. The bartender was very friendly and shared a good bit of detail about the area to us.
For an appetizer we shared the wood oven roasted pocket bread which reminded me of naan, very good and you could taste every ingredient to it. I had a cup of the gumbo of the day which happened to be cochon au lait and andouille, it was so good, especially the cochon.
My friend ordered a personal pizza for lunch, he's a picky eater and did not like the sound of the toppings for the veggie pizza but still wanted something. The chef came out the bar and told him what was available, he was very friendly. He wound up with a simple pie with just mozzarella with garlic and roma tomatoes I believe, so boring but it's what he wanted. He said it was good and since he's a pizza connoisseur that's high praise.
I had the shrimp and grits which were among the best I've ever had (nothing beats Charleston for them) my sole complaint was they were too thin and could not easily be eaten with a fork. But there were plenty of tasty fresh shrimp and great bacon.
Since we were starving we ordered creme brulee trio and I had a Costa Rican coffee latte. Every single creme brulee was very very good but the vanilla bean was the best creme brulee I've ever had. The coffee was good too.My co-worker & friend and I were down in NOLA for a conference in September and we made reservations WEEKS before because we HAD to have it.
I am so glad we did.  The waitstaff was awesome, the wine was fantastic & the food was amazing.  The atmosphere was so fun & the architecture, simply breathtaking.
I wasn't disappointed and even the price was fair.
Highly recommend!
Dinner w/Drinks: Chicken Sandwich, Shrimp, New Orleans Favorites, Creme Brulee' with house red & white wines.Great dinner with my wife and business partner.  Wonderful New Orleans flair, great service and wine ... can't really beat that.I struggled between two and three stars, so let me break it down simply.
Pros:
- our waitstaff was attentive and friendly
- dinner was good, dessert was better
Cons:
- wasn't the experience we expected. For the price we were paying, loud, completely drunk, middle aged men in cargo shorts screaming at the next table was disappointing, to say the least. The atmosphere was more loud and casual than I expected.
- seating. We made our reservation a couple of months in advance, and yet we were seated at a cramped table halfway in the walkway, right by the elevator. Wasn't very pleasant.
- when I hadn't eaten for a few minutes, but with three quarters of my meal left, a member of the staff came over and took our plates away. We had to stop him and clarify that we wanted takeout containers.
I just feel that for the money, the experience was a disappointment. I won't be back.Impeccable service, nice atmosphere, and my entree was outstanding - southern fried chicken and sweet potatoes.   Ordered a Sazerac which is apparently the oldest known American cocktail - sort of a cognac or mixed whiskey drink - interesting flavor and quite good.  Expensive place to dine, but worth every penny.Really loved this restaurant.  The food was great and the bread just keeps on coming to soak up the sauces.  The service staff was very friendly and attentive.  Would highly recommend.  First time at an Emeril restaurant and was not disapointed!My husband wanted to take me here for dinner while we were visiting New Orleans.
The service was very good.  Our waiter was friendly and attentive.  
The food was just okay.  We had the crab cake appetizer and it was tasty.  I had the Smoked and my husband had the recommended Pecan-Encrusted Trout.  The first few bites of my duck was good, but the remainder was dry and overcooked, My husband's trout was overtaken by the pecan crust.  The manager came by to ask how everything was, and I advised that the duck was dry.  He just scurried away and never responded or offered an explanation, apology or anything. 
Our waiter recommended a nice bottle of Cabernet from the Frank Family vineyards in Napa.  Loved it and worth every penny.
Would not return here on our next visit.  Too many other places with better food and more attentive managers.We went here on two recommendations and we were very disappointed. The place is nice, well designed and attractive. The service was ok, not near what I expected from a relatively high-end restaurant. My app (oyster boudin toast) was boring. I ordered the crispy pork shoulder, which again was just ok. The popover it came with was terrific but the flavors in the pork were lacking. Overall, not a great experienceI regret that I passed up a free show at the Louisiana Music Factory for this overpriced and overrated restaurant.  The service was perfect and friendly.  The restaurant itself was cozy, inviting.  It was the food......The stuffed chicken wings were tasty but stood out more because they are so unique than for their flavor.  I didn't mind so much that I paid $10 for them as they were filling and require a little more effort to prepare.  It was the shrimp and grits dish that left me feeling ripped off.  I paid $19.00 for a lunch serving of THREE previously frozen medium sized shrimp (they were NOT fresh at all) on about a half cup of gummy super market grits (really Emeril???  You think those were grits?).  The bbq sauce (with a int of Asian flavor) was tasty but didn't make up for the paltry grits and overcooked frozen shrimp.  At that point I knew better than to say yes to the dessert.  My neighbors at the next take shared the profiterole and barely touched it saying it was sickening sweet.   I see no reason to visit any other Emeril restaurants at this point.  As far as I am concerned he can back to where he came from, Fall River, MA and go suck an egg.Excellent food, Service, and Atmosphere targeted to the tourist market.
I had Shrimp and Grits with mussels as an appetizer.  The preparations were much heavier than what most other restaurants in town do.  The mussels had a heavy sauce with roated beef tips.  The Shrimp and Grits had a heavy sauce, and the largest pieces of tasso I've ever had before.  I make
rhese menu chouces out of a desire to eat lite, and my efforts were thwarted.
The service was attentive, knowledgeable without being overbearing.  I suggest that the service staff ask if their patrons have later events so they can help time awareness.  NOLA is convenient to several music and theater venues, but NOLA staff is
unaware that their patrons may be elsewhere fast and cut a pleasant dining experience short.
The convivial atmosphere includes a beautifull restored French Quarter three story building with street views.  Given the large crowd, NOLA was quiet enough for conversation.Great atmosphere,excellent food and service. I had the gumbo then shrimp and grits for lunch. The creme brulee and it was amazing : ) Definitely check it outThis was my last stop for my New Orleans trip. Kinda of regretted that I wasn't hungry enough to order more. Service was great, everyone we talked to was nice.
My buttermilk fried chicken was terrific. Crab cake was the best I ever had. Definitely will go back if ever I visit again.Spicy BBQ shrimp, great location for action packed music n NOLA sounds. I'M FULL!! Everyone's plate had more than enough.Once again, noise and lack of care take over a New Orleans restaurant.
The first thing we noticed was the huge amount of diners; there's not much a kitchen can do to ensure quality when it's hosting more people than can comfortably fit into a building. It resembled an upscale college cafeteria, complete with people who wandered in apparently from fixing their brakes.
Our table on the second floor gave us a great view of the entrance and of the massive accumulation of dust and...stuff on the railing running next to us; I wrote my partner's name in the dust, thus affording us the only romantic part of the meal.
A table of what the cast of 'Jersey Shore' would be like in 20 years was the source of a great deal of noise; the frat party was fueled by drinks, of course. I expected to hear chants of "Toga! Toga!" at any minute.
I gave up scraping some foreign matter off my knife and asked for a new one, which was much cleaner.
The food was cooked with all the care one would expect of an assembly line and all the culinary expertise of Denny's trainees. The crabcake was bready and utterly flavorless, although the maque choux it sat on was quite good, a bit hot and full of depth.
The shrimp and grits paired horribly overcooked shrimp with decent grits, and the sauce that clung to the shrimp was cloyingly sweet, not reminiscent of New Orleans, the Gulf Coast, or anywhere else.
Having gone this far, we rolled the dice and got dessert, cinnamon bread pudding with Mexican chocolate ice cream and crème fraîche. Hmmm. The dish sat so long before being served that the ice cream was melting. And do not serve me sour cream and call it crème fraîche. We had a bite and left it.
The bill had a surprise: a glass of riesling we did not order. It was fixed promptly.
Our waiter was good, although his job was not made easier by having to inform us that the special was already unavailable at 7:15. We found this out after we ordered it.
Although I specifically noted when I made the reservation that it was my partner's birthday, no one remembered this. That's a first in New Orleans.
Amusing incident: The manager approached us and asked how everything was at one point. I replied, "Uh...okay." He smiled, said, "Great," and moved on. Bad, that.
Anyway, I emailed the restaurant and am awaiting a gift certificate as compensation. I wonder if I can use it at Camellia Grill.
Too many guests, too much of a churn-it-out attitude, and too much dust. Not a happy meal at all.NOLA was my first food stop with the fiancee for our first visit to New Orleans and we enjoyed the experience!  We came here for lunch without a reservation on a Sunday and we were seated within 5 minutes.  Everyone who served us was attentive and polite, and they were attentive with serving our dishes simultaneously, folding our napkins when we went to the bathroom, and checking in with us to see how our meal was.  The ambience is modern american with red brick and metal air ducts.   The bread was delicious and served in separate plates to each person, with each plate having a small round butter roll and a pepper (? jalapeno) cornbread mini muffin, both of which tasted great with butter (of course).  We ordered the duck, parmesan, arugula, truffle oil pizza and the pork cheek po'boy with fries, both of which were delicious.  The pizza was flavorful but felt light at the same time, and the po'boy was full of well-seasoned juicy pork cheek along with pickled peppers and onions that added a nice contrast to the savory pork.  The baguette used on the sandwich was fresh and delicious.  The fries were seasoned well with parmesan and cilantro, though I wish the fries were a bit crispier as they came out a bit on the softer side likely from being infused with truffle oil.  Overall, the food and service were a great welcome to our New Orleans vacation!Ate here on a Monday night with my husband and some of his business associates.  This was our third time here, and this was the standout meal of our short trip.  I had the gumbo and the shrimp and grits, and both were excellent.  Service was good if a bit slow.Unimpressed with lunch menu.  Underwhelmed with pork cheek po boy.  Below average bloody mary.  With all the hype, admittedly disappointed.If you think Olive Garden is awesome this is the place for you. The food was bland and tasteless. We were a group of ten and not one of us enjoyed our meal. 
The service was slow and confused. The food runners hovered behind our table for 5 min before serving us. And the fire alarm went off. 
The only thing good was the warm gooey cake and the creme brûlée.
There are sooo many better restaurants in New Orleans there's no point in wasting time here.This was our favorite restaurant in New Orleans. We quickly tired of Cajun cuisine and stumbled upon this place. The service is unlike any other we've ever experienced. The waiters are very attentive, even walking me to the bathroom. We were never rushed and the waiter knew all the ingredients of each meal.  The food was delicious and desserts really good.  They also have some great wine. Don't miss this gem!!I made reservations for opening time for dinner as I don't like to wait. Terrence and Travis were our waiters and they were exceptional.  Try the Cosmo; 2 went down like water. Fried chicken was great. Duck was great. Mushroom pizza made vegetarian is a good option for those with dietary restrictions. The monkey ice cream option for dessertCame to Nola for Lunch.  Hubby came to Nola 20 years ago and rave about the food.  We tried to avoid the crowd and came right when they opened for lunch at 11:30am and  got seated right away. Service was great, never had to ask for refills on our ice tea or water.  I ordered the duck, confit with fried egg pizza and my husband ordered the shrimp and grit.  Verdict??  It was okay, definitely not the best meals we have had in new Orleans. Having so many choices here within 1 square mile, I think I will be satisfied with saying "I've been to NOLA." 
By the way,  by the time we left around 12:45pm, the restaurant is only 1/2 full, so come here for lunch if dinner is impossible.  Very similar menu for less $$ :)Let me just get to the point:
 I thought my celeriac lobster salad was not done right. Too much mayo and the celeriac didn't have the right texture.
The shrimp and grits were only ok. I kept thinking that it was a little pre-fab. A little Applebees. They slap that stuff together and throw it down the line. I had a bad feeling after the waiter said he loved the stuff. HEAVY. 
The dessert was disastrous. Crème fraîche, cinnamon ice cream, and bread pudding. It had sat out and ice cream was melting, the crème fraîche tasted like sour cream, the bread pud. was a muffin of, once again, impersonal, almost Applebee-like, carbs.
My dining partner liked his maque-choux and crab cake. Let me rephrase, he liked his maque-choux, and ate his crab cake. He complained of breading being the major ingredient in said cake. The maque-choux had some nice heat and flavor.
We both ordered the shrimp and grits. My partner brought up Applebees, and I sadly conceded.  Partner was especially disappointed because the evening's special, Amberjack, was no longer available. He was informed of this approximately five minutes after having placed the order.
Another problem was the service. It took 15 to 20 minutes to bring out the different courses that were clearly not cooked to order. We really never saw our waiter after the initial screw-up with the Amberjack. NOLA is impersonal. It feels like an upscale cafeteria with servers. There were under-dressed and overly-loud tourists and  perhaps locals yucking it up à la Animal House. 
The dishes, flatware, and the architectural detail (a fence?) were not exactly clean. I'm not a stickler for hygiene, but when I am paying $150.00 for two people, I want impeccable service and no gunk on my knife. 
It was my birthday, and yes, I wanted the damn candle, which I didn't get. Can I mention that Stella sent me home with artisanal chocolates for my birthday last year?  No acknowledgement of my birthday. Nada.
And finally, the straw that broke the camel's back:  confusion on drinks and a Reisling listed on our bill that neither my partner nor I ordered. Very irritating.  Not to mention that the Proseco runs $15 a pop. But the mistake on the bill was so irritating that we complained to Emeril's HQ. We got a form letter and invitation to call a customer service (I'll make it better) manager. 
I asked for reimbursement. They don't do that. I've been told that I should receive a gift certificate for another Emerial restaurant. I was also informed that NOLA is not the quietest of restaurants. So, perhaps we didn't pick the right place for us, as we do prefer a subdued ambiance. I am glad that they offered something to make up for a less than satisfactory experience. 
Then again, we did plunk down more than $150.00.Lunched here on February 9th. It's been 2 years since we were last here and the luster has worn off some. Enjoyed more shrimp & grits; can't seem to get enough. Über sweet smokey BBQ sauce overpowers but still a good dish (would've been 4 stars if it weren't so freakin sweet). Server was great, helpful, funny & quite the salesman because he did a bang up job of selling the s'more chocolate cake which was fine but not all that.Great service and great food!  Had a reservation for two, but showed up with four, and were immediately accommodated. Helpful and friendly staff. We all shared the boudin balls, stuffed wings, pork belly, BBQ shrimp, duck, drum fish, and shrimp and grits. All the food was spot on, but the coconut Creme brûlée was off the hook!Must get the stuffed chicken wings! Then the shrimp and grits! Skip dessert. Service was outstanding.Had to call for reservations and I asked about the dress code and they said it wasn't quite dressy, but you know, don't look like a slob. They were fast when we got there. Atmosphere was fine, busy but not crazy. Noise was average. Comfortable inside. 
Service was fine. Not amazing not bad.
Food was really great. Yes, expensive. But really tasty. Again, we got 4 things to split. 
Duck special - really fantastic though it was topped with duck liver, which D does not like so much. It's a mild liver but still liver. Still the overall duck dish was really fantastic. 
Beet salad - very good, nice combination of tastes. We had gotten 1 other salad in NOLA before this which was dreadful. This was not dreadful, it was good. 
Chicken wings - stuffed with things, really tasty things. This was incredibly good!
Crab cake - D did not love them in Baltimore so was hesitant but agreed to try. We both liked this. Sauce was spicy and tasty. Very good. 
Dessert was some pear special which was decent. We also tried the banana something-or-other which was also decent. 
We did try the oysters that our friend had, which were sort of like buffalo-style and were good.
Was tempted to get the gumbo or grits, but it's hard to come to this place and order that kind of food. Was hoping they had jambalaya on the menu but no luck.
Overall a fantastic meal. Yes it's expensive but the food is worth it. The bottle of wine raises the price but in the end, it was a nice experience and the food was really fantastic. Worth the trip.Impressive and smoothly run for a "star chef" brand restaurant.   Kudos to the staff from the front door to the floor to the kitchen.   I wish the food matched the employees!   Began with the roasted beet salad...best thing about my meal.   Clever use of ingredients, well-balanced, I thought it was going to be overkill, but it worked.  Dressing was perfect, the Tabasco pecans a nice surprise, and the homemade cheese not overwhelming.   
Then came the entree.   Wood oven roasted drum with a garlic/breadcrumb topping, over string beans, potatoes, cremini mushrooms, bacon, with a red wine beurre blanc.   Typical of what places do to make fish for people who think they don't like fish.  Basically smother it with other flavors.   At first I was intrigued, then halfway thru I scraped all the topping off and could find some really nice fish.  Everything was too overwhelming, and it left me with an odd taste in my mouth for the rest of the evening.   I guess I like my seafood more pure...just a great filet of fish and don't gussy it up with all sort of toppings and sauces.   And cook it perfectly.
Partner had the duck, thought it wonderful but way too much food on the plate.
Dessert was terrific, however:  strawberry clafoutis, excellently done, just the right amount of sweetness, egginess, and puffiness, even when cold.
The list of wines by the glass was decent, and it was nice to find a great uber dry Languedoc rose (the only one) on the list.   Come on, rest of the country....discover already what we on the west coast know about...a great rose.
In short, I'm glad we came, but for the price (expensive) not quite executed with the same flair and detail as I've had at other equivalent establishments around the country.   And this is trivial, but $5.50 for a sourced bean espresso or coffee?Amazing meal. The garlic crusted drum was honestly the best fish that I've ever had in my life. I fulfilled a childhood dream to finally eat at one of Emeril's restaurants. It so lived up to my expectations!Everything we ate was delicious here. We started with the stuffed chicken wings then had the crab cakes and the shrimp n grits, simply delish! I also have some food allergies and the waiter was very thorough in helping with that, great find!Disappointing. Great area..dated decor. Average service. Inconsistent food. Way overpriced. Had the bbq shrimp app which was good. Tiny shrimp about 4. Then stuffed wings. Those were really good. Got the fried chicken and cut it open to find it was completely RAW. Unbelievable for a restaurant with these prices. 6 cooks in the kitchen sitting around and chatting. They really dropped the ball. Sent it back and got a new one. Got the check because we were creeped out at that point. Also, we started worrying about food poisoning. We asked for the check and they charged us for the CHICKEN!!!!! Do not go here. There is so many better choices.This dining experience was as charming as it was satisfying..From the elevator ride to our table, to the knowledgeable and attentive staff. Michelle was our lead server, she had the right answers with the appropriate amount of confidence and compassion! The shrimp and grits with hints of bacon and meaty mushrooms was amazing, fried oysters were tasty with the right amount of batter...We arrived at first seating and enjoyed a little bit of low level noise however the restaurant does get busy and acoustics are not the best for the faint of hearing...this often happens in historic buildings.  Reservations highly recommended.A bit too pricey for the quality and the crowds but the desserts are extra-fab.Just fantastic! Magnificently authentic vibe. Second time better than first. 
Duck pizza with fried egg, great!
Pork chop, huge!Great atmosphere, amazing food and very quick service!  Our friends recommended we visit this restaurant on our trip to New Orleans and it was by far the best meal we had all week.
I love the open kitchen concept and their wine list was a book!  We asked the waiter what his favorite dishes were and pretty much ordered everything he recommended.  The Stuffed Chicken Wings and Duck Pizza were great for apps.  I had a the Blue Fin Tuna with a Celery puree and was pretty much licking the plate it was so good.
This will definitely be a stop on our next trip there.Incredible place, incredible meal!  It's restaurant week, apparently, and they had a special which included three items, allowing some choices. I started with the avocado crab soup (a cold soup), moved on to the shrimp and grits (mouth watering perfection, seriously) and ended with the banana cake and a latte. 
My friends meals should get some sort of honorable mention here. Two ordered the fried chicken and it did NOT disappoint. The others ordered the Drum fish and it was literally mouthwatering amazingness!
Life on the road can be grueling and stumbling onto a place like this (with the help of yelp) makes it worth it!  Finding out it's one of Emeril's restaurants once we read the fine print on the menu, even better!
The staff, amazing (we called our primary waiter Mr. T), operated and assisted like a well oiled machine. Seriously. Everyone had their station, knew their role and performed perfectly (so to speak)...  They even went our of their way when the coffee diva requested raw sugar and bent over backward to make our dining experience unforgettable.
Oh, and we can't forget the most important, getting us in the door, moment. We arrived without a reservation and instead of turning is away or making us feel "less than", the maître d (warmly) asked us if we would mind waiting 10 minutes,  rearranging in order to accommodate our party of 5.  We gladly sidled on over to the bar and ordered a cold beverage while we waited and, when ready, our hostess gathered us up and showed us to our table.So remember in Fight Club where Pitt asks Norton which celebrity they would fight? I have always said I would either fight Emeril or Carrot Top. Seeing that Carrot Top now resembles a roided out speed freak, I've decided to only say I would fight Emeril.
I was skeptical of going to dinner at a place where the owner seemed to end each sentence with "Bam"!!! But after dining at Nola, I have to say his restaurant does prepare very good food. We came as a group of 10 guys for a BroTrip and the consensus was very positive. They sat us at a large round and the restaurant had a modern decor. The service was excellent and the meal well paced. I was a little surprised that at 11:00 PM we were the only ones left in the restaurant though. 
You must get the shrimp stuffed chicken wings. I don't know how they did it but it was boneless and it was awesome. Order two of these. That is all.
The BBQ shrimp while tasty, were a little on the small side. Think 30 count shrimp small (roughly 30 in a pound) and the biscuit that came with the dish was smaller than a ritz cracker. 
The duck and mushroom boudin were also very good.
I decided to play it safe with a very satisfying rib eye but it had a tangy chimichurri that mixed well with the richness from the nice sized rib eye. I also tried some the duck and the pork shank. The duck was done right and if you don't have regular access to good duck ( e.g. chinatown nyc) I would suggest it here. The whiskey caramel glaze and the candied pecans worked really well the saltiness of the duck. The pork shank was tender and had tasty sides.
So after having this nice meal I've decided that I would still choose to battle Emeril but it would not be out of annoyance/dislike, it would be more for the challenge (he's not a small dude). And because his restaurant chose to serve me a mint julep in a tall collins instead of a proper metal cup with crushed ice.Service has been excellent along with a great cheese tray. The drum fish was unbelievable!!!! Do not leave here and not order this. Overall there are a lot of choices in New Orleans but this restaurant from great service to excellent food is worth going to. Convenient to Bourbon street as well!Located in the heart of French Quarter this is considered a must go to.  Emeril Lagasse opened this place and it's always packed.  We had 9:15 reservations on a Friday night and when we arrived the place was packed.  The place has a great New Orleans ambiance with brick walls and an open kitchen. You are served by a team with the dramatic all plates at same time dinner presentation. It was fun.  I had the seafood corn bisque which was nice and chunky with local seafood. Tasted great with my cocktail - pomegranate martini.  Dinner was the garlic crusted drum.  Also fantastic.  The potato bits, bacon, bean side was to die for. My wife had the shrimp and grits which she loved. The rest of our group all liked their food too.  We finished with dessert, a bread pudding that was not what I expected.  Everyone has their version and this one was less bread and more stuff. Very tasty.  My son has the banana cake which I really liked. Overall the dinner was over the top special.  Great way to start a weekend in NOLA!Hit this place when we arrived in New Orleans for lunch.  Food was rock solid and the cocktails were very good.  This really falls between a 3 and 4 star rating for me.
Did the pork cheek boudin balls... recommend them
Shrimp and grits... these were good but I wasn't blown away which is was what I was expecting from Emeril's place
Braised Pork cheek Po Boy... should have gone with the Vietnamese one as again this was good but didn't blow me away.
Also the fried chicken breast looked incredible and I felt sudden food envy as it went by.
Cocktails were solid, wife had an aviation which was a fine example of an aviation... maybe a touch too much creme de violet
I had the Pretty Ricky which was very good.  Recommended
Overall I enjoyed myself but I had very high expectations.  Dinner may perform better than lunch so I would not dismiss this place and would try it again.The service here was impeccable!
The stuffed chicken wings, recommended by our awesome server, was definitely the highlight of the meal. We ordered the steak for the entree and it was fair, nothing spectacular. 
For dessert, we had the banana cream cake, which was so moist and delicious. 
Wish we could've met Emeril on our visit!My husband and I were so disapointed.  This is our first time to New Orleans and first time to Nola.  The girl that took us to our seat was very sweet and friendly but our waiter was cold and not friendly.  It took for ever to get out dinner, have our drinks refilled and to get our check.  It would have been nice for him to check in to let us know what was going on- but didn't.  My steak was very good but my husbands Shrimp was not.   Just so disapointed :(Honestly very disappointed with this restaurant. This is supposedly one of the must-eat-at restaurants in New Orleans but my experience was not as expected. For starters, the wait staff is incredibly unfriendly. Second, the food is underwhelming at best. In theory, on the menu the flavor combinations are delicious but most of the dishes we received were mediocre and some were not even remotely similar to what was described or even hot. In addition, our table was shoved in the utility corner with the step latter and extra silverware. Overall, not a good experience.Terrible service ruined good food.  Went last night with my partner to celebrate his birthday, and we were excited about NOLA based on reviews on here and friends' recommendations. We planned on having the Taste of Summer prix-fixe menu but when we told our server this, he wrinkled his nose and said, "Are you sure you want to do that?"  We wouldn't have been put off if he had said something like, "Before you order, may I point out some of my favorites" Or, "Let me tell you what our specialties are tonight," but, as it was, the way he said it, we felt kind of shamed and wondered if he was trying to upsell us. And we also wondered about a server who would  disparage part of his restaurant's menu.
Thinking that maybe he really was trying to steer us to better options and just had an odd way of doing it, we asked him what he'd recommend instead.   He recommended the chicken wings, boudin balls, gumbo,  shrimp and grits, and the drum.  We decided to go with his recommendations (reluctantly, as there were several items on the prix fixe menu that appealed to both of us), substituting the fried chicken for the drum and nixing the gumbo.  A few minutes after we ordered, the server returned and verbally confirmed our order, but instead of our actual order, he repeated all his recommendations!  I corrected him, and off he went. 
When he returned a few minutes later, my partner asked him about the Summer Heat, the specialty cocktail, and again, the server wrinkled his nose and said, "That's too busy for me.  Can I get you some wine instead?"  We said no, and asked for a cocktail menu.  Several minutes later, when our appetizers arrived, we still hadn't received the cocktail menu, so we asked for one again.  Once we got one, my partner ordered a Moscow Mule (while I ordered nothing, not wanting to drive this guy's tip up).  
Several more minutes passed and our entrees appeared, but the cocktail hadn't arrived yet.  My partner asked about it, and the server said, "Oh," and from where I was sitting, I saw him  walk over to the bar and order it.  Long story short, halfway through our entrees, he brought the cocktail over, and my partner tasted it, and said it didn't taste like a Moscow Mule.  So when the server reappeared, my partner asked which cocktail it was, and the server said it was the specialty cocktail, at which point my partner reminded him that he ordered the Moscow Mule.  Again, another "Oh" and off the server went to the bar, returning a few minutes later (by now, we were done with our entrees) with the Moscow Mule.
At this point, we were done and ready to go, so we asked for the check.  When the server returned with it after running our credit card, he must have overheard us discussing how much tip to leave.  As he handed me the credit card receipt, he said, "A big tip, huh?"  I would have laughed except for the glare he was giving me.  I was concerned enough that I actually snapped a pic of the credit card receipt in case he tried to alter it (probably overly paranoid on my part, but that was the atmosphere). 
Even when we left the table, he didn't say "Thank you" or "Good night,"  or anything, just stared at us.  This was in marked contrast to another server (not even our own!) who passed us as we were walking out and said, "Have a good night, thank you for coming."  
 Normally, most of this wouldn't bother us - we're not prissy or that fussy - and we've even had worse service at lots of places and not cared at all.  But at a restaurant of this caliber, at this price point,  and with an otherwise high level of service (evinced by the reviews on here and by the very polite treatment we got from the other staff),  the repeated instances of negligence and upselling really stood out.  It made for a very uncomfortable evening, and we definitely wondered if it's because we are a same-sex couple.  But maybe not, as while we were sitting there, another table seated near us left without ordering. 
Overall, it's a shame, as the food was quite good (excellent boudin balls and fried chicken), but we didn't enjoy it due to our server.  We considered asking for a manager, and we probably should have, but we just wanted to get out of there.   
With good service, this easily would have been four or five stars (good food, nice atmosphere), but two stars only.This was our first time to this restaurant at the recommendation of a friend. The staff was very friendly & attentive. The space is open w/ great lighting & many seating options. We sat upstairs by a window at a table for 2. We ordered the fried chicken and the shrimp & grits. The fried chicken came with a side of sweet potato topped with a pecan gravy. The SP side was very good but not anything no new. The chicken was tender but the batter lacked flavor. The shrimp and grits was full of flavor but slightly unusual. The grits were slightly pasty however the gravy had a deep smoky flavor mixed with a hint of kick due to what looked like hot sauce. The shrimp Was very flavorful and perfectly cooked. It was a nice experience in the food overall was good but I don't know if it was enough to go back again.We went here our last day in New Orleans and it was my sister's birthday.  It was amazing.  Great cocktails, amazing food (shrimp & grits!), and really sincere service from the staff.  Eric is tops!  Oh yea, get the key lime bread pudding!We had very high expectations for NOLA. We had reservations for 2 around 9 pm. Service was ok but we didn't hear much from our waiter after we ordered. Service did not feel exceptional. When the food arrived it was warm but not hot, the appetizers even bordering on dry. We had the impression it sat under the heating lamp too long before it was served. I found this very disappointing since we came here specifically to avoid having a sub standard dining experience. Considering prices are set above many other places, I'm not sure I would go back based on the experience I had.We went to this restaurant on my father in laws recommendation so I was expecting to be wowed. Nola's did not disappoint! 
I ordered the crab cake and the barbecue shrimp with a side a veggies as my meal and Chris got the jambalaya. We absolutely loved everything! 
The shrimp was amazing. Aside from having to peel it yourself which I know is a souther thing but where we come from its a lazy chef thing. The sauce was delicious and the crust French bread was an excellent compliment.
Chris loved his jambalaya so much I only got one bite in before it was gone. It was wonderful. The meat was great and of course the seafood was fresh.
The vegetables in true  southern fashion were covered in butter and deliciously unhealthy. Something i imagine Paula Dean would be proud to serve at her table. The side was a little skimpy but I did enjoy my attempt at health food for the vacation. 
The service was very good. We enjoyed what I think was the best seat in the house. Right in front of the window looking out on to the street with the sun shining in on us.  If we ever find ourselves in New Orleans again we will definitely make it a point to stop back in.Nice place with great food and service. The double barrel cocktail was stroooong. I got the pork chop which was a big as my head and came with a big helping of sweet potatoes. Also helps that you can park at the Omni and the restaurant will validate it, so you dont have to drive around to find something.Too Expensive, Poor Service, hair in my soup, Awful food (served cold and took 30 minutes to come out).  Terrible, terrible, terrible.  If you think you need to go to NOLA there are SO many better choices.  In a word, YUCKMeh, It was ok. We went here for dinner on our wedding anniversary trip to New Orleans. Though we made them aware it was our anniversary when making our reservations, it was overlooked.
As for the food....
We ordered the Shrimp Bisque which was fantastic, the fried chicken was sub-par, the pork chop was tasty and the banana pudding cake was good. The cheddar jalapeno rolls were bland. I really wanted to like this place but unfortunately it really wasn't as wonderful as anticipated. I would have much rather eaten at K-Paul's twice. 
Sorry Emeril.We normally make it a point to stop here on our visits to New Orleans. Tonight was a miss. We had reservations and were seated at a table on the third floor. I don't know if this floor is seldom used but the service was not as good as we've had in the past. It took quite a while to get our first cocktails. Once we placed our order, the food took FOREVER to arrive. We finished our crabcake (which was delicious) but then waited so long for our entree that I worried I would lose my appetite by the time it came. Our main course, the fried chicken and swordfish finally arrived and again, it was delicious but it shouldn't have taken so long. We then ordered dessert with coffee. Our banana cake arrived before our coffee. Things were just a bit off this night. Our team of wait staff didn't seem to be working together. So it was somewhat disappointing but the saving grace was that the food was delicious. I think next time we visit we will head over to K-Pauls. We've never had a bad experience there.Best NOLA cuisine, hands down. My girlfriends and I ordered a different dish and they were all delicious. The ambiance, the service was all geeat.Wow! I cannot say enough about our dinner here. We loved everything from start to finish including the amazing service. It was obvious they have a system in place and they work like a well oiled machine-they are also incredibly friendly and accommodating. I noticed that everytime you get up from your seat, someone promptly comes over and folds your napkin properly so it is waiting for you when you return. I also love that they time the food just perfectly so you get one thing at a time and your food is always hot. We started with the smoked blue crab cheesecake boulettes were amazing! Must try. Also the 'stuffed' artichoke pasta was amazinggg! The pasta is actually stuffed inside the artichoke, and every layer of the artichoke had the perfect amount of flavor-I did not want that meal to end! The presentation was almost as good as the taste. I also ordered the drunken monkey ice cream cake which was delicious. Loved every part of this meal from beginning to end. It was our best dinner during our visit in New Orleans. Must try for sure.Wonderful dinner.  Casual, and elegant, atmosphere.  Very interesting menu.  I esp. enjoyed the MISO COBIA BUNDLES and the OYSTERS ROCKEFELLER PIZZA.  Yum!! Our servers were Peyton and Lisa and the service was superb.  Thank you, Emeril.  BAM!Soooooo amazing. The flavor, the seasoning, the staff.... everything was ABOVE STANDARD. FOOD was so delicious. Ambience was amazing. Staff was above average. Would definitely recommend this place!!!!!I first heard about NOLA through an associate who frequently visits the area. After speaking with her I decided it would be an ideal place for our 2 year anniversary dinner on our last night of visiting New Orleans.  I made reservations ahead of time to prevent any extended wait times since I heard that the restaurant was quite popular. I also made sure to note that it was our anniversary. When we arrived we were immediately greeted and seated right away. One of the service desk members even wished us a happy anniversary, which took me by surprise because they actually paid attention to my reservation note unlike other places we have visited in the past. The warm welcome was just the beginning. 
     The service was outstanding!!! We were even given a complementary sample as we waited for our meal courtesy of the chef, which was an added bonus.  Our main waiter was Terrance but everyone else who briefly assisted us also did an amazing job. Words cannot even begin to describe how great of a service Terrance provided. Terrance was very knowledgeable and offered his personal recommendations and tips to enhance our dinning experience. His recommendations were spot on and made our visit even more satisfying. Although we weren't Terrence's only patrons of the evening, he made us feel welcome and treated us like we were the only table there.
     The food was absolutely amazing! In addition to the sample pork dish, we had the Emeril's BBQ Gulf Shrimp appetizer, shrimp and girts, and the buttermilk fried chicken. The various, seasonings, sauces, and flavors combined were delightful. Each and every dish we had during our visit was remarkable and set the standard for future restaurant ventures. The cocktails were also a great addition to our experience and tasted exactly as our waiter described. We ended the night with the banana toffee bread budding. Our dessert was even delivered with a lit candle to help commemorate our occasion. Overall, our experience was one to remember. All the staff combined helped make our very first visit a special one and we will be sure to return again.Not unexpected, considering who owns the place, but this was a fantastic meal in a great environment.  We ate at the bar, and the staff couldn't have been friendlier and more helpful.  The crawfish-stuffed pork loin special was out of this world.  There are lots of places to choose from in New Orleans, but this is a must.I LOVE this place!! The biscuits are great and the oysters are even better (and I don't even like oysters)! Every dish I've had here has been awesome. It's a very popular restaurant so I would suggest reservations, especially during restaurant week.Final stop in N.O. before we headed back and I have to say it was delicious.
When we arrived we were immediately greeted by the manager and he was so friendly and funny. We were taken to our table on the second floor. The place is very clean and nice. 
We ordered Miss Hay's stuffed Chicken Wings. I have to say this was amazing. It was my favorite. 
I decided to order the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Breast this came with sweet potatoes and gravy. The peas were delicious and I rarely like peas. My meal was good but when I tried the BBQ shrimp and grit... OMG that was even better. 
For Dessert we had the Crème Brûlée Trio. My favorite was the Coconut one but the others were tasty as well. Vanilla Bean with Fresh Berries & Mocha with Chocolate-Almond Biscotti. We also added a cappuccino. I had the Costa Rican one and it was good. 
Service was great. Our waiter was very attentive and helped us choose our entrées. This place is definitely worth to check out.Went to New Orleans for a vacation last week. We wanted to go to Nola for a long time, so we went mid week. My wife and I got there as soon as it opened. Were seated right away, so no wait. We loved the food! Cant say anything bad except it didnt last long enough. We eat too fast. Will go back for sure when we go back to New Orleans!!We came here with high expectations and unfortunately, the experience was mediocre at best. The food was barely a 3, ambiance/service a 4 and sanitation/safe food handling a 1. We sat at the bar and noticed mutiple line chefs consistently using their personal cell phones and go back to final food prep/handling which caused us to opt out for dessert. This is a major health violation and was being done blatantly in full view of staff. I also saw a fruit fly land in the pizza toppings station.....
We ordered a total of 5 dishes including bbq shrimp, stuffed chicken wing, corn bread with collared greens, fried chicken, and crab cake. The shrimp they used were not fresh or had died prior to being frozen as they had the mushy texture. The crab cake was very salty and I typically eat asian so I'm not adverse to sodium. Sadly, the best dish was the corn bread.We made reservations for 6pm on Sunday and were surprised that the place was packed with people.  Appears they didn't seat anyone yet and were not ready for dinner service so everyone was just standing around.  
After being seated, in around 10min or so, we ordered 2 appetizers: Arugula salad with pistachio and brie cheese and Gumbo Soup of the day.  They were both fantastically prepared.  We were also provided some bread.  I was surprised regarding the corn bread it wasn't anything special and usually in these restaurants they have very good bread.  Other than that...
For the entrees I ordered the seasonal fish dish but was told by the waiter that the grilled drum was better with potatoes and string beans so I ordered that.  My date ordered the shrimp and grits.  Both were just fabulous and melted in my mouth.  
This is when the service went downhill because they got busy.  I think they still need some work regarding their service.  Is it because of the younger servers?  I do not know since this was my first time there.  We sat there for quite a while after our meal and then they offer us the desert menu.  We then continued to sit for a long time and finally they take our order.  Then we wait around 15-20min before they bring us our desert.  I honestly was fed up and wanted to leave without the desert.  No apologies either that there was a long wait.  So that is why I'm giving it 4 stars.  The food isn't the problem it's the service.  We spent $122 at this place in total with 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 1 desert and 1 cup of wine.Food, was good but they totally scammed us on the bill, we left cash and a card and then they came and some of the cash we had left was missing. Was only like $20 bucks so probably not worth a lot of arguing but would return and recommend that others avoid.For our first meal in New Orleans, this was a great choice. The building is beautiful inside, with preserved brick walls, white linen tablecloths and warm lighting. It is an upscale restaurant that still manages to keep the rich local flavors of New Orleans authentic to the core. It's nice, not stuffy.
I ordered the specialty vodka martini cocktail and it was refreshing and light with the right amount of sweetness. We shared the BBQ Shrimp appetizer which was also tasty. For an entree I ordered the Shrimp & Grits, which was SO delicious! The cheddar grits were cheesy, comforting and everything that awesome grits should be. The shrimp were plump and tender and paired with smoky, thick-cut bacon bits and an amazing sauce drizzle in the middle. Whatever it was, was just perfect. 
I also want to acknowledge the great service we had from two young men who gave us a proper welcome to the South. When I asked where the restrooms were, he escorted me by the arm - what a gentleman! 
Since my sister was the bachelorette (I mentioned this in the reservation), they comp'd a layered banana pudding cake for her and put a candle in it and we all took a bite. It was surprisingly light and fluffy with a yummy fudge sauce and whipped cream. I would definitely recommend NOLA for a special evening in New Orleans!Everyone in the restaurant was attentive and definitely provided 5 star service. The stuffed chicken wings were flavorful and a great Asian dish....which was pleasantly surprising at this restaurant. Shrimp and grits were tasty and the fried chicken with mac & cheese were also good. The fried chicken was crispy and not overly salty. The bbq shrimp was also good but I need a lot more shrimp to be more satisfied for the price. This is another restaurant I will definitely return to.Wow! This was my first experience at one of Emeril's restaurants. The complementary jalapeño bread was a little dry but the bleu cheese bread was awesome. 
For appetizers, we had the veggie pizza and the NOLA salad. Both had great flavor. For entrees, we went with the cedar plank drum and the smoked rabbit and andouille étouffée. I highly recommend both. One minor criticism on the rabbit: it had kind of a peppery finish and it was served with a black pepper biscuit. I would have preferred more of a sweeter bread to offset the peppery finish of the rabbit. 
Overall, the staff was very friendly and helpful and the prices were reasonable. Dinner for two with a bottle of wine came to $130.
This is probably the most casual of Emeril's 3 restaurants in New Orleans so I would go here if you're looking for a relaxed environment and not looking to spend a ton of money.Fantastic dining experience! Michelle provided exceptional service and each of the recommendations from the artichoke to the whole fish and last the bread pudding all were really perfect! I usually stay away from celebrity chef restaurants but Emril runs a tight ship. You can see it shows because it's an open kitchen. Job well done!!!Well, the food is good and it looks very pretty. Also you feel very welcome when you get there. However, I am a big fan of meat and consider myself a bit of a connoisseur. Consequently, because it is a good restaurant, supposedly, I ordered the Filet Mignon, rare. When it came it was not only half as big as my companions, but it was also very well done. Of course I returned it, but by the time I received a replacement, my party was done eating and I ate by myself. Furthermore, I hardly received an apology, and I admit I would have expected a free dessert, or drink, or something, but it did not happen. As I said, when it was cooked right, it was good, not spectacular, but good. Still, the experience was not too pleasant, and I am sure one can find a better restaurant for less money and with more accommodating service :-/Shrimp and grits are one of their staples on the menu. Apparently their menu changes because a lot of the pictures shared on yelp were not on the menu - except for the shrimp and grits. My friend ordered it and it was just "alright". I ordered the artichoke stuffed with pasta and tomato sauce. Sadly, I had to bust out the salt and pepper shakers - very bland. Maybe we ordered the wrong things on the menu, but being Emerill's restaurant, I may have came in with high exOne of my top 5 culinary experiences.  I thought the ambiance was very cool and the look of the restaurant was different in a good way.  
As for the food, the best Emeril restaurant I ever went too.  Started off with stuffed chicken wings; I have no idea what they were stuffed with but it was very tastey.  For entrees we had shrimp & grits and the duck.  If I was on that Food Network show called the Best Thing I Ever Ate, I would talk about the duck; simply amazing.Always good and consistent.  Very much an Emeril's restaurant. Had a quick lunch at the bar and glad I stopped. They always have an interesting selection of wines by the glass which went great with a deep rich gumbo and a crab imperial with flat bread.I'm not a food snob by any means, but I have had some great filets and experiences to provide a pseudo-coinneuseur's point of view. I share the opinion with most of the others as I'm not too big of a fan of CelebriChefs (although Iron Chef Morimoto could probably put a peanut on top off a grain of rice and i'd pay $50 for it), so if not for the great reviews you yelpsters put out on the place, I wouldn't have taken my mom here for her birthday while visiting Nawlins. First off, they kept the reservation I made from open table and my request for a table on the second floor. The second floor is less hectic and who wants loud cocktail chatter ringing in your ears while you're trying to enjoy BAM! KICKED IT UP A NOTCH type food.
       Secondly, the waiters were surprisingly superb! The Big Easy is NO's nickname for a reason. At most of the places we visited, there were no quick refills. Hell, you're lucky if you even get one! Ahh the French influence is still felt here =). Anyways, our server was the greatest guy and was built like a New Orleans Saint. The coolest thing was they kept your waters filled to the brim and when you went to bathroom and took off your napkin, you'd get back, BAM! There's the same napkin, all origami'd up  on the table! They KICKED IT UP A NOTCH!
            Thirdly and most importantly, the food. My mom ordered the special crab salad, crabcakes, and the seafood gumbo. I ordered the filet w/ mashed potatoes and portabello mushrooms..more like mushroom. Again, the yelpsters hit it on the money with the review. A lot of ooohs..and aaah.. and "you have to try this..". The filet was BAM! tenderjuicylicious much due to the worcester sauce that would of made worcester him/herself proud. My mom's meal was excellent as well. We ordered the sorbet (I'm allergic to dairy so no partaking in the other delicious desserts) and the tarazzo espresso. The combination was insanity and BAM-like. They also topped it off with a free happy birthday scoop of vanilla ice cream with a chocolate syrup that could and should bankrupt Hershey's monopolistic a$$. 
All in all, it was well worth the money and I give it a metrosexual 4 snaps in a z-formation. More importantly, I have a newfound respect for Emeril. He could have put a peanut on top of a grain of rice and people would still pay $50 for it. But I'm glad he didn't. I wouldn't want to call him a Morimoto ripoff (that's Bobby Flay...ooh...Who Dat?).  I only wish the rest of my New Orleans experience was as hospitable and tenderjuicylicious as NOLA!Had a reservation during Jazzfest. Walked in at 8PM and was seated immediately. Prompt service for a cocktail as the place was not yet full. Received a wine list but apparently didn't choose quick enough. Waitress took the wine list back and gave it to the next table! When asking for it back she disappeared and never brought it. Finally asked a different waitress who provided the new list and then took our wine order. As for the food, the Duck entree is amazing! I seem to order it every time I visit NOLA. It never disappoints. The wine list incident is what kept this review from being 5 star. We will return.I was surprised by our lousy experience here.  We go down to New Orleans at least once or twice a year.  We'd held off on going to any of Emeril's restaurants eschewing them as too touristy.  However a few years back we went to Emeril's in the CBD and had one of my all time best meals ever.  Went back the following year and had another wonderful meal and experience.
This time we decided to try NOLA in the french quarter as it was easier to get to from our hotel.
The food, i will be honest was still very good.  Not quite as good as we'd had at Emeril's but still very good nonetheless.  Our big problem was the time it took to be served and the service.  The waiter was a bit of an odd duck.  Seemed very friendly but never looked you in the face, was always looking around the room and didn't really seem to be paying attention to you.  
  Our appetizers came out fairly quickly but it took at least an hour between our apps and the main course.  Not once did the waiter come back and say anything about the delay. In fact he only came back at all when we asked the bus boy if we could order another drink.
  When our food did finally arrive he said something like, "I was about to go down there and start raising hell".  Then walked away.  I guess this was an apology for the food taking so long. He said the same to the couple next to us when their food arrived too.  It did seem as if there was an issue for several tables in our area (maybe the whole restaurant?).  But no real apology or amends were offered.A trip to New Orleans would be incomplete without visiting at least one establishment of the famed chef Emeril Lagasse.  With a mirrored and steel elevator in the middle of a brick warehouse, the restaurant exudes a fun and trendy vibe.  It is creole food, but with an inventive twist. The drinks menu is on point, with creative and unique libations.  For appetizers, the Stuffed Chicken Wings (yes, I typed that right!) and Barbecue Shrimp are top notch. For your entree, the Garlic Crusted Drum is arguably one of the most delicious fish dishes I have ever had the pleasure of eating.  The food is five stars, the atmosphere, while quaint, knocks off a star for me. 
visit my website for a whole eating itinerary for New Orleans!
banglesandbubbly.comCool modern decor, great service but the food is way overpriced and the portions are small. I got the quattro fromaggio pizza and it was fine but nothing special. With so many restaurant choices in NOLA I don't know that I'd rush back.This is by far my FAVORITE restaurant in New Orleans. The service in impeccable, the food is AMAZING and the venue is CLEAN. 
The grits and shrimp are to die for!
I would recommend this place to anyone, ESPECIALLY those who are traveling.I loved this place - went here for my husbands 50 th birthday - they were wonderful.  I had the special bread, lobster salad, the grits, and the BBQ shrimp - best meal in New Orleans.The ambiance and the service for this place is fantastic.  The food though, looking great on your plate, was a little too salty for palate. On my recent trip to NOLA, the fiance and I were excited to hit this place.  We shared the duck confit and fried egg pizza.  The plate looked beautiful and the duck was cooked properly.  The blend of the cheese and the egg really mixed well with the duck that didn't have an after taste.  Then for our entre, we had the hickory roasted duck and the garlic crusted drum.  Again, they were beautifully plated and then you can taste the natural flavors of the duck and the fish but again it was a little too salty for us.  The dessert was probably the highlight of the dinner where we had the banana pudding layer cake.  The dessert chef hit it out of the park.  The banana flavor mixed well with the chocolate sauce and the ice cream.So good....so so good. Huge portions!! Couldn't eat it all and felt so bad not being able to take it will me. I had a turkey panini and it was the best turkey sandwich I have ever had!! I cannot wait to go back to New Orleans just to eat here.I've eaten at Emeril's  before at the MGM in Las Vegas, and that meal was excellent.   I still remember how delicious the Serrano ham mac and cheese was, *deep sigh*. However, this meal was great too, with some slight speed bumps.   
My primary reason for giving only 4 stars was the seating.  I was seated on the end of the counter facing the cooking staff.  My chair was literally inches from where food was being picked up by the waiters.  I normally wouldn't have a problem  with sitting near the action, but that was tooooo close.   
After my attitude adjustment I was ok.   I enjoyed the flat iron steak with sweet potato fingerlings, chanterelle mushrooms and broccolini.   It came with a tasty sauce that complemented everything on the plate.  For dessert, I ordered the 7 layer banana pudding cake.  Awesome!   My friend enjoyed the homemade cinnamon ice cream that tasted super yummy.   Overall, I would visit NOLA again, I would just make sure I would be able to sit somewhere else.We were able to score a reservation for an hour later, and then they seated us at the chef's table, so we got dinner and a show. Husband had shrimp and grits, which he loved, and I had the salmon, which they cooked to my liking, as opposed to the way fish is " supposed" to be cooked. We had the creme brûlée trio, which was amazing, and I don't even like creme brûlée. Definitely on our list of favorite places.Well. The food was the saving grace. Lovely atmoshere, but great lack of professionalism on the part of the waitstaff & management. We had a 730 reservation & were seated immediately. We placed our order and waited. And waited. & waited some more.  45 minutes exactly, for just the appetizers to arrive. The waiter was kind, but did nothing  to expedite the service. We waited. And waited some more. He apologized kindly for the delay, but he, as well as the 2 managers who were greeting other guests nearby, was seriously trying to avoid eye contact with us. At one point I got up and went to him to ask where our appetizers were. He said he didn't know. Oddly though, he later said our order was "lost in the shuffle" - why would you tell me that? The managers flat out avoided us, but kissed ass at the a table next to ours. We were there so long, we finsihed our 1st bottle of wine &  finally (!), another manager came over to simply ask if we wanted another bottle of wine.  Once we'd spent more money, the other manager came over and apologized for the delay. I did NOT feel any remorse on their part for the delay (literally more than an hour  between drinks and dinner - not that we were in any rush, but we were starving!) they delivered dinner finally, and it was terrific. Delicious food, but TERRIBLE service.  I was so annoyed by their lack of attention. As I said, the food was the saving grace, but the managers sucked. (have the grouper & mango, plantain starter - delish!)Really enjoyed our meal here. The restaurant is swanky inside, and we were escorted in an elevator to our table. I had the fried chicken and boyfriend had the duck and both were DELICIOUS-- generous in portion size, well seasoned, and just good. Service was also very good (we had 3 waiters!), and we just had an overall nice experience here. Also conveniently located in the French Quarter.The only bad experience so far eating out in this beautiful town.  Coming here for work regularly and heard great things about the food from colleauges.  However, when I took my kids to dine there last Sunday, our experience was anything but nice.  We were seated at a nice table upstairs and got the waiter to come up right away.  Got our order in quickly, but when it came to attending to us during the dinner, we got shortchanged, mostly due to a larger table next to us ordering much more food and wine.  Sorry kids don't order expensive bottles of wine.  Ended up leaving early and disappointed, I asked for a check quickly, as one of my kids was getting tired and we were jetlagged, just having flown in from San Francisco, but it took the waiter 10 minutes to bring it, all the while he came up to the other table at least 3 times.  Left us feeling like a poor relative at a family feast, worst $150 ever spent!  Oh, well, there are many more great places to go to, this will not be the one we'll return to.  Would give it 1 star just for the service, but the bus boy was very nice, made sure we had our water and made my son feel better by making a swan out of foil wrap for him.We had a group of 11 and the service was not good. No water refills, forgot lemon request, servings small and pricing a bit high. The food was very good but can't recommend.Overall this is what I expect of the French Quarter; decent food catered to tourists and overpriced. 
Many reviews cite the impeccable service. I found the service comparable to many restaurants of similar caliber, but not worthy of mention.  
Regarding the food, my girlfriend and I had mixed results.  We both agreed the shrimp appetizer was quite delicious. 
She ordered the salmon medium, yet it was still raw in the center. She attempted eating but was turned off by the dish and no longer hungry. To the restaurant's credit they did comp her meal. 
I ordered the Ribeye, all the while knowing I should stay away from it.  Yes it is my favorite cut of beef, but rarely does a restaurant create a lasting impression with a simple grilled steak. As expected the steak was delicious,  but for nearly $40 I expect a memorable meal. Instead I had a standard Ribeye steak, which if not overcooked should be delicious. 
I know other people who speak highly of this restaurant, but I wasn't impressed. I'm certain some people will truly enjoy this Emeril restaurant; however,  those with a discerning palate will find better in New Orleans.Totally overrated.  This is the kind of place that exists solely to take advantage of unassuming tourists.  I can't believe I fell for it.  Or rather, let my friend fall for it, then let her drag me there.  
I've had much better food in New Orleans, at much better prices.  This place is all hype, no substance.don't miss out on happy hour! $5 drinks and food! excellent and friendly service. pizza and cowboy caviar hit the spot.(Saturday afternoon lunch) fantastic atmosphere, sunlight-filled dining room (ground floor); excellent service.
Gumbo of the Day was turkey andouille. fabulous and worth the stop on its own!
I had the Vietnamese Pork Po Boy ( I have NO idea why I chose that over my other temptation: Southern Fried Chicken Breast), but I thought it was outstanding. Substantial slices of pork, duck liver and cilantro on a baguette. YUM! Garnished with a cucumber relish-kimchee sorta slaw/salad that I did not love.
Had the NOLA lemonade, a lively lemon-raspberry grownup refreshment. 
Dessert was a chocolate bread pudding with sweet potato ice cream; delicious, decadent and nicely portioned, even split between us 3 gals.
My 1/3 of the tab was in the $50 range. The cocktails were $10
I used Open Table for the reservation; glad I did!Wow. What a warm welcome from the hostess and GM Averriel Seated us right away. Paul our servier was the best we've had in some time. The tomato watermelon soup was awesome!  So flavorful. The shrimp and grits are the best in New Orleans. Come for the hospitality and enjoy the good. Thanks AverrielOK --- very busy. Some items : horseradish, and barbeque shrimp were delicious --- duck was underwhelming: breast perfectly cooked, legs over. Adequate portion size, friendly and clean bathroomsNOLA Restaurant was the perfect venue for our wedding rehearsal dinner! For starters, the space is ideal. The private third floor bakery room has a true New Orleans feel with exposed brick, plank floors and warehouse windows that lookout into the Quarter. Carolyn, the special events manager, allowed us to have floating stem candles on each table, which really transformed the room. From start to finish coordinating the event with Carolyn was wonderful and quite easy in-fact. The menu we selected truly atonished our out-of-town guests, most of whom are foodies to say the least. Despite such a large numbe of guests (41 in fact), the staff was on-point with every plate coming in one right after another. The unique appetizers, Miss Hay's Stuffed Chicken Wings and BBQ Shrimp, were cooked to perfection and went down easily with the delicious mint juleps served by the bartenders. For dinner, most of our guests chose the garlic crusted drum or filet with herb roasted bone marrow. Both of which were well-seasoned, moist/tender and simply one of the best filet and/or fish meals they'd ever tasted. To finish the night, we opted for a banana foster twist with the homemade banana pudding layer cake that was literally made in the bakery only hours before. All in all, thanks to the wonderful chefs and staff at NOLA Restaurant, we were able to really enjoy ourselves among our closest family and friends - it was an evening to remember! We recommend NOLA Restaurant for any private dinner party or anytime in fact.I went here for lunch and I ordered the House Made Fettuccine. The sauce that went with it was not good and I didn't finish the small dish as it was. Where the restaurants gained its stars was the dessert. I ordered the Drunken Monkey Ice Cream Cake and it was awesome. I highly recommend ordering the Drunken Money if you come here for dessert but skip on the Fettuccine. There are better restaurants in the area so I would pass on this restaurant in general. The ambience of the restaurant seemed off and the service was not good.Perfectly good experience at NOLA last night, but nothing especially spectacular. I went traditional bayou - shrimp & chicken gumbo was acceptable but very salty and no real surprises on the seasoning or flavor. Shrimp & grits was also OK, but the sauce was a nothing-special barbecue that tasted almost as if it could've come straight from a bottle. Grits were very thin (I tend to like more of a polenta consistency).
I love southern cooking, and can honestly say I've had much better gumbo and shrimp & grits from roadhouses and dive bars in LA and MS. The ambiance was good, and service was excellent and attentive.
So... nothing wrong with it, per se. If you're a huge Emeril fan, you may want to go just for the heck of it. But there was nothing here that I found noteworthy, foodwise. Perhaps other menu items would've been better, too. This is a one-timer experience, so take it for what it's worth.Great location and decor but it's the least best of Emeril's restaurants in NOLA. The fried chicken is good but should not be judged against traditional fried chicken i.e. Mothers. The mussels looks good but are very small. The highlight of the meal was the banana cream cake which is better than his original banana cream pie (Tchoup Chop). The wine selection is limited and you will pay a very steep price for non-Emeril wines.Great service and great food. In the heart of the city. Cocktails are unique and delicious. The Nutella flan was to die for!Food at this spot is onnnnn point.  I really wish I could have ordered multiple items.
Duck Confit pizza with fried eggs and truffle.  Could've used a little more duck, but really good regardless.
Buttermilk Fried Chicken was so crispy and tender and juicy, a giant portion of boneless cutlets.  Bomb dot com.  Same could be said about the Pork Chop. Heard great things about the Duck entree as well.
King Cake with Lemon Goat Cheese ice cream was an awesome take on a classic.
The only thing I can say as a negative (but a big enough negative to lose a star), one member of our group didn't get his entree for about 5 minutes after the rest of us.  Kinda sucks when 5 people are hungry with hot food in front of them and one guy is sitting with nothing.  And we are not gentlemen, so no, we did not wait for his plate to come.  We did however, gloat about how good OUR dishes were as he sat drooling.  
Overall I would 100% return and 100% recommend.easily the most disappointing meal i've ever had in new orleans.  we went with friends who were dying to go and it was utterly unremarkable from start to finish:  service was atrocious, the food came out bland and (most of the time) either at room temperature or cool and -- the horrors! -- it was expensive as a mofo.
all i'm saying is that i have expectations when i order bbq shrimp anywhere in louisiana (ESPECIALLY at a place owned by emeril) and they involve spicy butter and french bread.  my bbq shrimp at nola, despite me asking the waitress if it was "real" bbq shrimp, came out looking like a shrimp cocktail and was served with actual bbq sauce.  horrendous.  i also had the shrimp and grits and it tasted like gruel.  it was a total disappointment from start to finish and i hate that we had to sell a kidney to eat there.  ppppphhhhttttttt.
if you're desperate to eat at an emeril place while in n.o., save yourself the heartache and go to delmonico's.  it's divine.GO TO NOLA!
I went to heaven for lunch!
GO TO NOLA!
I am in love with this restaurant! 
Thank you Emrile!Okay, so we went with friends who were newlywed.
Service-5 stars.
Food? 1 star. If at all.
Total tourist trap, too salty, poorly seasoned, lukewarm dishes. Dessert was also a downer...the chocolate cake and key lime tart prolly coulda been better at a local diner.
Don't waste your money here, really. Take a cab, rent a bike, go to a real local place not in the quarter!The food was very good, but the overall experience was lacking. First, we were seated next to a couple of over-served 30-something males. In addition, there were televisions in the dining room, which might be expected if we were at Applebees, but not at a purported high quality dining spot in New Orleans.  The bright glow of the LCD screens may have been acting as a sort of beacon welcoming in these young men as they stumbled about the French Quarter early on a Sunday evening. So while trying to ignore our stammering neighbors and a meaningless regular season NBA game blaring on the TV, we enjoyed an excellent meal of gumbo and buttermilk chicken. Fortunately for those visiting New Orleans, there are numerous alternatives where both the food and the experience are top-notch. Go to those places instead.Beautiful amuse bouche - at lunch, no less! - roasted eggplant and tomato, basil, melted mozz on rocket. Delicious. Had a quick and simple lunch of the wedge salad and crispy duck liver on beautiful braised southern greens. Can't wait to try dinner! Friendly staff. Good Service, if a little overly formal.Ok guys nola was the most amazing restaurant experience  I have ever had the pleasure to enjoy, I literally did not want this night to end the drum fish was the best thing that I've ever eaten hands down, my wife had the duck which was equally to die for!!! A++++++++++++!!!!Possibly the best meal we had while in New Orleans.  The staff was attentive, friendly, and all around a lot of fun.  I ordered the fried chicken breast and WOW!  Seriously the absolute best fried chicken I've ever had in my life.  It had absolutely amazing flavor and was so tender and juicy.  The two other people in my party kept asking for another taste and were sorry they didn't order it.
I would definitely go back any time!The food here was quite good along with the service. Really nice place with all the doors open. The weather was fabulous. I ate at the bar and the bartender was great!Skip the fried chicken my friend got it and it's very bland. But the service is incredible to the point that it can be overwhelming, no matter how big your group every plate is put down at the exact same time. When you sit down they put the napkin in your lap, they are very attentive and hover ready to get any request and refill your water or wine. I had the garlic drum fish it was very good.Food was great. Atmosphere was pretty cool. However portions were tiny, and very pricey. Service was slow! Not sure I would recommend it with so many great optionsWe stopped in on a whim while in the area to see if there was area in the bar to eat a few appetizers.  Luckily we walked in and had another couple leave!  Score! Our waitress came over right away to have the dishes removed.   I ended up walking to the hostess to get a menu while we waited for the waitress to come back.
We asked her what she recommended and she said the stuffed chicken wings were excellent. We placed an order for the wings and the crab cake to start off with.  
The appetizers took awhile to come out but we were willing to wait hoping the food would be worth the wait. Unfortunately it wasn't.  The wings were okay but the stuffing was a little dry and the dipping sauce was salty.  The crab cake was the biggest disappointment.  I didn't detect any crab in it what so ever.  It was pure filler and lacked flavor.  Such a disappointment.  
After 2 dud appetizers we didn't want to order any thing else.  Maybe we caught them on an off night but it certainly put a damper on our excitement to eat at an Emeril Lagasse restaurant.Stopped here for lunch on a Friday afternoon, it was quieter than I expected which was nice. Shared the stuffed chicken wings, fish sandwich (dailt special) & new Orleans bbq shrimp. All of it was delicious and sharing was the right move.Came here at 8:45 pm on a Monday night.  Restaurant was pretty busy initially, but cleared out quickly.
Complimentary cornbread was warm and tasty.  Had the stuffed chicken wings and crab-cake as appetizers to share.  I ordered the duck entree (good) and my companion ordered the garlic-crusted drum (not bad).  We passed on dessert because we were too full.
Ordered 3 cocktails (2 martinis and 1 tequila-based drink) and they were all sub-par.
Service was prompt and our waters were kept filled.
Overall, 5 stars for the service and the food.  The cocktails, on the other hand, were poorly done!I did not want to like it.  Emeril annoys me to no end and I usually can't change the channel fast enough if I see him on TV.  I've been to one of his places in Vegas as wasn't particularly impressed.  But friends made reservations to this restaurant so I rolled with it.  The food and service were amazing.  We had the stuffed chicken wings and fried green tomato salad for a starter and they were totally great.  I don't even eat chicken wings anymore and I lapped it up.  It was deboned and stuffed with yumminess.  I had the salmon with corn and blackbean salad and it was very yummy too, but not that stand out.  What we loved was the fact that they served everyone's dishes ALL AT ONCE.  They actually have a team of waiters approach your table with all the dishes together and lay it on the table at the same time so everyone will get to eat together, and not have to deal with that whole "go ahead and eat, my dish will come soon."  I would definitely go back.LOVE this restaurant!  I visited for the second time on 5/6/12 while in NOLA for Jazz Fest.  I waited too long to write the review so i've since forgotten the name of our awesome waiter.  (i think it was Joe).  Anyhow, food was delicious!!!  everything we ordered!  great table & consistently excellent service.  can't wait to return next May! and on a side note... Jorge, the manager is the best!  He's super charismatic & friendly!Very good!  My grandson said, best lunch he ever had.  We had the homemade sausgae, popovers and brick oven pizza.  Hands down the best!First time and last time.   Service was great I can't blame them.   But the food was just not good.    Two of us had BBQ shrimp and the sauce was bad.   Another had a Fried chicken deal and just average at best.   Only thing that was decent was the gumbo but nothing to write home about.  All in all with so many good places sad to waste one of my dinners here.Great experience!! Good food and excellent service. The staff was great and funny..I could have ate there my entire stay in New Orleans.. First time trying frog legs and they were soooooooo good!Bam! Of course I had to hit up one of Emeril's restaurants while in town! When we got here for lunch, the place was pretty quiet but soon it filled up. Since it was our last day, we were still stuffed from all our previous meals. 
So, mom ordered Mrs. Hay's Vietnamese Fried Oyster Po'Boy, which was amazing and out of this world delicious. It came with some kimchi, which was really on point. The oysters were delicious!!! 
For me, I got the chicken and waffles. It was huge. The mac & cheese side dish it came with was super spicy, way more than I'd expect or was used to (and trust me, I love my spice!). I couldn't even finish it. The chicken and waffles themselves were alright, not as good as I was hoping. I think mom made the better choice!
We split the banana layered bread dessert and it was out of this world delicious. It was the perfect end to the meal. Sweet but not overly sweet. And also, light as a feather. So good that I almost want to write it a love letter. 
I also ordered the Sazerac drink, which was pretty good. Not as strong as one would think. 
The wait staff are friendly and very on point. They tried to keep up with water intake, which is always appreciated. I also love the decor of the restaurant. 
I would definitely return - but next time, I'm going to be the one ordering the fried oyster po boy!Beautiful space and nice servers. We love Emeril but found the lunch time food to be lacking a spark. Emeril's older recipes and small portions. I write this with hope for some new Emeril energy....hard when you become a corporation with your same recipes made by many.It's been 3 weeks since our wonderful dinner at NOLA -but I am still moved to write.  It was a wonderful meal with wonderful service. The 3 gentlemen who waited on us were both helpful and friendly - when we left we felt like we had made new friends.
My sister and I had the duck -which was not like any other duck I've ever had. It was smoked (they said for 3 days) and the portion was so generous we had leftovers!!! It came with a corn bread that was also amazing.  My son had the fried chicken also a special presentation.
Our waiter recommended a pinot noir to go with the duck that was perfect.
We had pecan pie and a blueberry concoction(can't remember anymore what it was). The pecan pie was fine - but the blueberry concoction was another outstanding example of the culinary talents of the chef.
We are going to be visiting New Orleans regularly now that my son will be studying at Tulane.  I hope to visit NOLA again and again!This restaurant is one of the reasons why I love the culture of New Orleans. We were in town for a conference and suddenly had a group of 15 for dinner. A colleague recommended NOLA, and the reviews looked good. I didn't call until 3pm for 7pm reservations, but they were happy to accommodate. We all had an extraordinary experience here. Our waiters, Gregory and Chris, were polite (they addressed me by name the entire time, since the reservation was under my name), quick, accommodating, so much fun, and even dealt with 8 different checks at the end. They made sure that our visit was perfect. The cocktails were creative and tasty, and the food... oh my gosh, the food was incredible. We would have had to pay at least double for the same quality of flavor and presentation in California, and it's hard to find that level of service. Thanks, guys! NOLA will always be on my list for a visit when I travel to New Orleans.I have been to other Emeril restaurants, and this one definitely had the most character when it came to the unique decor and plate ware. The food had amazing flavor. I hate when food is over seasoned, and there was the perfect amount of seasoning in all of our dishes. The fried oysters were amazing. The batter was sweet and it paired great with the bitter flavor of the salad it came with. The shrimp and grits was presented beautifully and also had amazing flavor (not over spiced). The blue corn grits made it unique and fit the restaurants ambiance. The best shrimp and grits I have ever had! The chocolate bread pudding and turtle pie were delicious. The prices were very reasonably and portions were perfectly sized for getting multiple courses. The only negative thing I had to say about this restaurant was the service. It was slow, our server could not make remotely thought out suggestions or explanations of dishes, and she never checked in on us to see how we were doing. It took almost 7 minutes of us just sitting at the table with nothing before we even got a menu. We were excited to be there and wrk yay wished they were more excited to have us. With excellent service this would have been a 5 star review. I would definitely return for the food.Not impressed for what you pay for. We go to New Orleans once a year and have a list of food places to try. We have been wanting to try Emeril Lagase's NOLA for a while. 
First, on a positive note, the service is excellent. 9:00 PM on a Thursday night, we were seated promptly. The hostess was friendly and didn't mind waiting for us to close out our check at the bar. We didn't plan to eat here and were not dressed up, but we still go seated. Our waitress and the bus boys for our table were friendly. And our dishes were placed in front of us and "revealed" exactly at the same time. Definitely 5 star treatment.
Now, for the food. We've eaten all types of food from 5 stars to hole in the walls. This place ranks average for me. 
- The Duck Confit and Fried Egg Pizza was a simple combination (salty from the confit, earthy from the truffle oil and a hint of freshness from the arugula). I liked it. 
- Cornmeal crusted catfish was okay. But it paled in comparison to the excellent garlic crusted drum fish of the day.
- Hickory roasted duck was average. I'm a duck snob. I didn't get the accompaniments. The cornbread pudding was like soggy cornbread and there were bits of fresh corn. Sometimes everything on the plate comes together so well, but for this dish, I didn't get it. 
- Shrimp and gritz. Now normally I do not like grits, but I liked the grits in here. 2 people ordered this and one loved the kick the chili oil in the dish had. For the other it was a little too spicy deemed it inedible for her. The waitress happily took it off our check. Again, great service.
- Warm ooey gooey cake was a chocolate lovers dessert. Melted marshmallow, coffee ice cream and warm chocolate cake the the highlight of our meal. 
All in all. The place was good. Not a top pick amongst places we've been to, but a decent place to visit. Service excellent, atmosphere nice, food average (for what you pay for).We were really excited to try Emeril's NOLA during our visit to New Orleans. But I was disappointed in the food.
Pros - The restaurant itself is beautiful, 3 levels, candlelit contemporary furnishings. Elevator takes you to the 2nd and 3rd floors.  The 3rd floor was quieter and more romantic than the others.
Food - Between two of us, we had the:
1. Roasted beet salad - this was fine. Not the best beet salad I've had but not the worst.
2. Crispy sweetbreads - these were not good. Mushy and not crispy at all. The portion was huge ... Too bad I didn't like it enough to finish. Disappointing considering the South is known for sweetbreads, but I've had better on the West Coast.
3. Hickory smoked duck - two huge pieces of duck with a cornbread pudding, this was the best part of the meal by far.
4. Grilled red fish - this was the market gulf fish dish of the day, and was just ok. The brussel sprouts were buttery and good. The whole fish was huge but unfortunately too dry.
5. Pepper jack orecchiette mac 'n cheese - usually love Mac n cheese but this was just ok. Not much flavor and the pepper jack did not have the usual pepper jack taste.
The table next to us ordered the buttermilk fried chicken, and the girl just picked at the chicken and said there was not enough meat. Looked like a huge portion, but we opted not to order this dish based on the other mediocre reviews of it.
Overall, not too impressed with NOLA, but would try another Emeril's restaurant if I came back to New Orleans.Excellent!!! No reservation - walked in, sat in front of chefs, at bar, great service, 
Incredible food, and equally incredible wine list!!!
A Must!!Good nice food and friendly staff. Oysters was not so good but other foods and sparkling wine was good.Food Selection was left to waiter and we weren't disappointed. Great wait staff and a busy kitchen add to the ambience. Recommend for authentic southern fine dining.The service deserves five stars. On point, even though my card was charged for someone else's meal as well as my own. Whatever. Honest mistake. 
The food? Only ok. I ordered the shrimp and grits. Way too sweet... the sauce tasted like a bbq sauce. Weird. I grew up in the South and this is not how I remember them. Save your money.Skip NOLA.  The prices are comparable to other French Quarter higher end places, but the food is definitely not. I ordered the fried chicken which was okay, but just ok. I tasted bits of catfish in the breading (obviously using the same oil or the same flour mix to coat both), In short it was not up to par for $27.  My fiance ordered the garlic crusted drum which was inedible: fish coated in a soggy too garlicky, butter laden topping perched atop greasy cut potatoes and bacon. It was just bad. I don't get the good reviews at all. The lone tasty item was the cesar salad starter, but even that is a stretch at $10. We do not mind paying for a good meal, but NOLA was just bad and we paid anyway. That is the worst feeling while on vacation. 
Service was friendly; however,  they did take nearly an hour to bring the main dishes out, granted it was a busy Saturday. 
Overall: Skip this place. D-
PS - I noticed that the hidden reviews on Yelp seem more true to me than the displayed ones, and they are largely negative reviews.  I can relate to many of them, for example, all the uneaten food going back to the kitchen is a sign of the unsatisfied diners at NOLA.It is very hard to write this review.  On business I frequent this place a lot.  Over this past New Year's we had our dinner there New Year's Eve. After spending $300 on meals and drinks for two we asked for coffee at the end of our meal and were told they were out of coffee and they were closing up for the New Years celebration  .  I felt rushed throughout my dinner and my entrées were average.  I had been there before and had wonderful service and meals but this New Years night was a disaster .  Our waitress had no clue about any entrée and she lacked sophistication that you expect with a professional waitress.Start with the wood oven oysters and then the Shrimp and Grits is awesome! The grits taste like melted butter mashed potatoes and the shrimp has a spicy barbecue marinade with cured bacon that makes this dish very well balanced and delicious! Had the banana pudding and it was Ok. Overall very nice restaurant, location and food.I came to this restaurant 10 years ago and it was the best meal I ever had. 
I came here tonight and it was the worst culinary experience I ever had. 
Food was good. But was overshadowed by horrible patrons and horrible service.8 months later and I still consider dinner at NOLA one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. A group of seven of us went on a Friday night in late January and it was wonderful. We had made a reservation and got a great corner table upstairs by the window. 
We had two waiters who provided impeccable service throughout the meal; they were personable, made excellent recommendations, and really contributed to the quality of our experience. 
We started with cocktails, and had the chicken wings for an appetizer and they definitely lived up to the hype! For entrees a few got the drum fish, which they raved about, myself and another group member got the pork chop which was incredible. The desserts were fantastic as well. 
I highly recommend this restaurant not only for the delicious food, but for the ambiance and overall phenomenal dining experience!Try the crab cakes. They are  great. Gumbo is average. Good Bloody Marys. The wait staff as you expect in New Orleans is very friendly.Has gone so far downhill.  Emeril should be embarrassed.  Table and glassware were dirty. Service not great.  Presentation of food poor. And cobb salad inedible. Used to be good but no longer.Disappointed!
We love new orleans & rarely if ever find a bad meal. We usually stick to the Brennan restaurants for high end & follow yelpers for the rest. Well, we found a bad meal thanks to Emeril...
We didn't expect kid friendly or down home cooking when we came to Emerils' NOLA, but we did find underwhelming & confusing flavor profiles & no kids menu, which makes this place an absolute no go for families. Hell, I'd give lucky dogs 1 more star than NOLA.
Shrimp & grits tasted more like excense of sour bbq sauce & overdone shrimp. the 1.5 tablespoons of grits under the 5 unimpressive bbq dusted medium shrimp made this a $30 catastrophe. Not only a ripoff, but the flavor was bizarre. Luke's shrimp & grits are dream worthy, Nola's version inspires nightmares.
Wife had the scallops with orange sauce and it tasted just like that. Basic scallops with some orange flavored sauce & a few leaves. No real technique or color on the scallops. Very unimpressive. 
Based on waiters recommendation, ordered spaghetti with parmesan & butter for 3 year old since no kids menu. Pasta was cooked el dente with ok flavor. Come on, really? Are you robots? Have you ever met a kid who liked el dente spaghetti?
Next time we will skip the $200 bill & eat at a tourist trap on bourbon, at least we would get entertainment with our unimpressive meal!Everything about this place is great - the food, the atmosphere, and the service! I got the shrimp and grits which was a little on the salty side, but still enjoyable.  My favorite part was the banana pudding layer cake! You must end your meal with this dessert!My wife and I had the pleasure of dining at Nola on New Year's Eve. I was a little disappointed but, not surprised the only time I was able to get reservations was at 6 pm but it was no one's fault but my own for waiting till the last minute. My wife and I had been walking around a bit prior to arriving for our reservation and were told to come on in even though we still had drinks from previous stops. We were seated promptly in the upstairs dining area which was well lit but still a very intimate setting. Our servers were absolutely amazing Julio and Alex! Both were well versed at answering all of our questions. Meals were described in a manner even a novice foodie hopeful could understand, and boy were their descriptions accurate beyond belief. Trying foie gras was a first for my wife and I and we both loved it! UUMMMM... Organ butter! My wife had the Grilled Red Fish, which was cooked and seasoned to perfection. I had the Filet which was definitely up there with the best of the best as far as restaurant steaks I have had the pleasure of enjoying in my life (second only to what I prepare over charcoal)! Both our meals appetizer and a couple of beers and tip right around $100, absolutely reasonable by any standard. If you find yourself in New Orleans give it try! We would definitely dine here again on another visit to the city! Thanks Nola staff (Especially Julio and Alex), for being a part of our wonderful New Year's Eve in your city!Since this was my first time in New Orleans I knew I had to dine in one of Emeril's famous restaurants. We decided to get it out of the way our first night and made reservations for NOLA's (in the French Quarter). 
It truly surpassed all of my expectations! Starting from the warm New Orleans welcome we received from the host. We were escorted to our table on the the top level in their elevator. The decor was bright, beautiful, up-scale and inviting. Our server(s) were very attentive and charming and took great care of us throughout our meal. After making our wine selection from their extensive wine list we were ready to see what everyone's been raving about. 
We started with Emeril's BBQ Shrimp. Wow!!! Let me just say I don't even like shrimp but thought if I was going to try some New Orleans foods this was the place. I wanted to order another serving! (Did I mention I don't like shrimp?) 
We went right to the entrees. I ordered the Garlic Crusted Drum (local white fish) that was the best fish I've ever eaten. (I am now obsessed to find it in California) My daughter had the Hickory Roasted Duck that was very delicious but rich. 
Being that this was our first night in New Orleans, it not only was a fabulous treat, it also set the bar very high for the nights that followed. Bravo Emeril, bravo!New Orleans has great food but NOLA is even better. I had an exceptional dinner at NOLA. The service was at its best. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and friendly. The food was very well prepared. I was very happy with my visit. I think NOLA is the best restaurant I have been in New Orleans.OK. Emeril's NOLA was awesome. Dined on the third floor. Terrific service. Started with the house specialty drink: housemade vodka soaked for 1 month in pineapples (or vice versa) with a splash of this or that. Very tasty, including the pineapply wedge. Two types of cread just showed up. Delicious. Shrimp and sausage gumbo 0 of course! - it's Emeril. And it was unbelievable. Filet Mignon with Thyme Roasted Red Bliss Potatoes, House Cured Bacon, Maytag Blue Cheese, Toasted Walnuts, Port Wine-Veal Glacé and Shallot Crisps. MMM. NOLA Banana Pudding Layer Cake Graham Cracker Crust, Vanilla Wafers, Fudge Drizzle. And drinks. It does not get better than this. And it was one of the only places with a wait -- 1.5-2 hours. (I had reservations.)Food was tasteless and overpriced. I had the stuffed crab artichoke pasta. It was recommended by the staff. Given that it was in NOLA I was expecting a flavorful and saucy meal. But it was bland, undersalted, and dry. They also left on the inedible fibrous shell of the artichoke which was questionable choice. Would hate to see what their other entrees were like. And the portion size was very small. The atmosphere was underwhelming.Not only does this place have AMAZING food (we highly recommend the BBQ shrimp as well as the mussels), the service was exceptional! Every table has three employees serving you in a very organized manner.  Terry, John and Justin spoiled us with their charm. We will definitely be back!!Good food, was sceptic due to location but I was impressed. Kinda pricy but good good overall would recommendEmeril, your "bams" might be uber annoying, but your restaurant...def not as annoying.
This was our first group meal in NOLA and my friend and I showed up roughly 20mins late after having issues finding a street to leave the Bacchus parade. The other four girls had already ordered appetizers which I just had a bite of because we just devoured Krispy Kreme donuts at a random Walgreens after chugging a 4loko.
I only tried the chicken part of the stuffed chicken wings because I despise mushrooms with a passion and they are unfortunately stuffed with them. Gross.
For my entree I ordered the Garlic Crusted Drum...expect they ran out of Drum and just replaced it with another Gulf fish. I asked for them to not bring it out with mushrooms but they brought it out chock-full of the little fungi. They apologized and took it back to the kitchen. However when they brought a new one out basically all the other girls had already finished eating! Sadface. They did make it up to me by giving us a free banana layer cake for dessert (that was deeelishhhh!!)
The food was okay but I don't remember being super blown away - although I was rather tipsy for some parts of dinner. It always sucks/is awkward when everyone has their food and you're just sitting there twiddling your thumbs. Overall, better than I expected but was not one of the best dining experiences I had - despite the free dessert!Everything was really good from the second we walked in! The cornbread and brioche was amazing. We tried the pocket bread and it was so good, but so filling! For my main course I had the buttermilk fried chicken with the pepper jack Mac and cheese and it was so good but SO much food! You definitely go home full and satisfied. The atmosphere was nice in the restaurant but we were surrounded by a group who couldn't control their children and were encouraging them to be wild. It was both strange and made for a not so pleasant seating experience. Very good food here, I would highly recommend to anyone who is interested in trying it out!We loved it. One of our local favorites. The pork chip dish and the blueberry cheesecake bread pudding divine. The shrimp and grits really good just an ample l proportion. Almost appetizer sized. Still good though.Fantastic!  Paul was a so attentive, he took amazing care of us!  I loved the shrimp and grits and the watermelon salad was beyond belief!!!  Whenever you visit this fantastic city NOLA is a must!  Drinks were great, every person in the whole place was fantastic!  Gumbo was good too!!!!On an culinary adventure to New Orleans, my family and I dined at NOLA (short for New Orleans Louisiana) not only because of the high reviews, but because of the owner, Emerill Lagasse. Eating there was very convenient as we went in around 6 on a weekday and were seated within 20 minutes. This restaurant was different than most because there was an elevator, and 3 floors instead of the typical two. We were given a table on the 3rd floor in a restaurant that had the hip warehouse type of vibe to it. But I wanted to see if this restaurant stood out from the rest, and it most certainly did. 
The customer service was beyond fantastic as the  waiters never let our water fall below 80% full. I ordered the shrimp and grits, and also tried the turtle soup and fried chicken. My shrimp was cooked to perfection and luckily the vein on the back was taken out, showing me that quality and cleanliness were a high priority for NOLA. The shrimp was served in a lemon sauce surrounded by grits and it was a fantastic pairing. The turtle soup was decent, nothing unique from the turtle I had tried previously. What really blew me away was their dessert. I ordered a boozed banana ice cream, and this was the best ice cream I had ever had in my life! Their fried chicken was average, similar to the cheap fried chicken that could be found on Bourbon Street. The only downside to this experience was that they did not serve the ice cream to go. If you end up in Louisiana, go to NOLA and be sure to order the banana ice cream!Honestly, if I had known that this is Emeril's restaurant I wouldn't have gone...Not that I have a problem with the guy, but he is way over-exposed and over-stretched to be a good restaurateur and keeping track of all his sh-- But as I once again realized, prejudice is not a good thing. It would have kept me from a magnificent foodie reward. My friend and I were wandering around NOLA trying to avoid Bourbon Street and walked in this place cause the menu looked good. We had no reservations (Friday evening) but thankfully there were two (only two) empty spots at the bar, where we could be served a full menu. 
As I was looking at the wine list and saw "Emeril's Chardonnay" I got it. Oh, boy, now he has his own wine? Anyway, I guess that's a different way of saying: house wine. Our barman/server was very helpful with the wine as well as the menu selection items. We got the beef carpaccio salad which was fantastic...Great start! The barman  suggested the pork chop because it is their most popular item, so I got that, although I never order pork chop when I dine out and I hardly if ever make it at home (although I like pork). What an excellent suggestion. The meat was juicy and tender and had a slight smokey and sweet taste (it was brown-sugar glazed). My friend got the duck which was also good, but the buttermilk bread-pudding that came with it was even better. We also ordered desert: the creme brulee trio, and each of the three samples was better than the other. 
This was my best meal in NOLA. It was...baaam! (I used to find "baaam" obnoxious and look at me know!)Excellent service. Service helps to overcome the poor quality of the food.
When acclaimed chef goes greasy and commercial, it brings the disappointed experience you'll have at NOLA.
Too salty, too greasy, too sugary. Heavy plate from Chefs executing from overwritten recipes. Sad. 
Ambiance = average. TV at the bar really???I had the pork chop. It was very dry. It wasn't good. I tried my mom dish. It was garlic crusted drum. Hers was delicious and I'm not a big fan of garlic. The waiter was great. For desert I had warm blueberry. It was really good. Too bad that my friend and mine pork chop were so dry.another place i would definitely consider for my last meal. absolutely delicious. friendly waiters (we had an early reservation and seemed to have a team of waiters constantly on hand). best deserts ever. love it.Great food, awesome ambiance, superb service and the right price. Need I say more? The portions are a good size. If you are visiting I'd highly recommend you share some appetizers and save room for desert.The least impressive of the Emeril places in New Orleans, but decent good.  You get what you expect, but not much else.  Go to Emeril's instead.Don't know why this place gets so many good reviews. It's okay for small bites (the frog legs and shrimp and grits were good, but the main dishes ( duck and steak Diane) left something to be desired. The duck was fried? Smoked? Something, but was dry (for duck?) and a little tuff). The steak was tender, but not much flavor, and some flavors didn't really go good together. Are we just going on reputation?  The desserts, sorbet and turtle pie were so so. From Costco? 
Might go back when just want a small plate, but not for a gourmet meal, sorry.The food was PHENOMENAL!  It was everything we imaged it would be.  The service was exceptionally great.  They paid close attention to the needs of the guest, making sure every glass stayed filled and any need was met, promptly.  The food was well prepared, as the sides allowed the main course to shine as it should.We ended up here thanks to Yelp and had a fabulous meal and wonderful time. We were greeted warmly even though we didn't have a reservation and after a short wait we were seated.  
It's restaurant week and that meant a special three course menu. I selected the Smoked Duck Spring Roll, Buttermilk Fried Chicken, and Banana Pudding Layer Cake. Oh my, they were all yummy. My friends had Drum fish and Shrimp and Grits and said they were excellent (I don't eat seafood so didn't taste). 
The service was outstanding. Our waiter, Travis, was friendly, funny, knowledgeable, and all around great. The whole team worked well together, and were attentive but not intrusive. 
I am not a foodie but I enjoy good, local food and NOLA did not disappoint. I'd definitely eat here again and recommend to others.This place is GREAT! A hidden gem that really deserves much more business. They had recently reopened when I visited and I was so happy with the service (Thomas the bartender is AMAZING), the food (the tuna small plate was perfect) and the spirits (Thomas will cater to your every boozy desire). I was bummed I couldn't stay longer.Best Mint Julip ever! Fried chicken was moist with fantastic buttermilk crust but the star of this dish was the almost dessert like sweet potatoes...they were almost a whipped like texture and so darn good. The shrimp and grits wee delish as well... Fresh large shrimp with a sweet heat sauce. Alas so full from meal no dessert ... Just means we have to go back!Great meal. Service by a super pro waiter.  Introduced himself and staff to the table in a way that got the meal started off well.  Curious but deliciously Stuffed chicken wings were out of this world.  Roasted oysters were incredible, tasty and huge. Garlic crust drum also stellar.  Gumbo was good.Great service, excellent food and happy environment! Minus the cranky uninviting bartender downstairs. I'll definitely visit again during my next trip to new orleansI started with the mussels here which was good, but not that memorable.  I had the hickory smoked duck and I will say that it was absolutely devine.  I truly enjoyed how tender and juicy this duck was.  The ambience was good, but for some reason I took the elevator to go upstairs and was positioned awkwardly against a wall/window-cant remember which.  
The server was too communicative.  He started telling me about what happened to him when Katrina hit.  Why in the WORLD do I want to hear about this while I am enjoying my food and drink?  Are you serious?  He totally made it about himself.  
All in all, I walked out of that place full and inebriated.This is a must when in New Orleans, a total experience that is rare in today's restaurant world. As soon as you arrive you are made to feel like a special guest. You are introduced to your server and two others that will take care of you.  My water was always full, clean utilsils and plates were brought to my table as we made our way from appetizers, to salads and then the main course. 
      Everyone I was in contact with was a food and wine expert, suggestions were valuable and appriciated. The staff displays passion for the food they send to your table. I dined on a Tuesday and asked if the Chef could accomidate an order of Pork Belly or Fioe Gras which was not on the menu. The server brought us a Citrus Cured Fioe Gras that was to die for! Our salad was the Roasted Beet Salad, nicely balanced, I had the Grilled Pork Chop ......the two inch thick cut was amazingly perfectly cooked, moist and flavorful.  The sweet potatoes needed some attention from the entremetier. Some portions were cooked through and some were past al dente to raw. 
      Dessert was the Cremé Burlee trio, the preparation was exceptional. A rich creamy custard like no other that you have ever had. The sweetness was perfect. 
      This is a top notch experience that for some guest may not realize it because the staff is so good at it. As the dishes were brought to a table of 5 or 6 several staff would place the plates on the table in unison, perfectly timed. When your here take the time to appreciate what great orchestration looks like.
     Bon appetiteThis place was amazing. The service was outstanding and the food was prepared perfectly. The desserts are to die for! I hope to visit this establishment again some day.My Manager recommended this place and it did not disappoint.  The staff was friendly and the food was delicious..I had the duck (amazing)...It's a bit pricey but very well worth it....I would definitely go backHad a wonderful dinning experience at Nola while visiting New Orleans.  Service (Raymond was our waiter) was great.  The,staff truly worked as a team to make sure the experience was great.  Tried the smoked duck and filet, and both were cooked to perfection.  The stuffed chicken wings were like nothing we had, had before.Been here several times and raved about it.  Something definitely has changed.  100 degrees so my partner and I went in dressed in shorts and tank tops.  We were told to leave until we had appropriate attire - I had a Cartier watch Gucci shades and expensive shoes so painting the picture we weren't dressed trashy like most ALL other tourists visiting the city.  We went to some horrific t shirt shop to buy 2 t shirts with sleeves so we could sit down and eat.  The front desk guy really had a beef with us it was apparent.  Sadly it seems he has a huge issue with gay couples.  The next thing I notice are several women in tank tops enjoying their food.  I let it go and we order.  Food quality was poor, way inferior to what I recall.  We ordered apps and an entree and drinks, prepared to be spendy like most successful gay couples do.  We waited far too long, upwards of an hour for our meal and were starving so we cancelled.  I explained how terribly disappointed we were to be denied access due to what he deemed inappropriate shirts, spent money on crap id never be caught dead in, waited over an hour for chicken, paid a hefty tab in drinks and terrible apps and told "nothing I will do for you men, please leave and email us". I've never ever been treated like this in a restaurant in my life.  The management team at Nola are incredibly unprofessional and I would reconsider eating here as there are several better options without the arbitrary policy that only seems to apply to same sex couples.I have been to NOLA three times now and have never been disappointed. The Duck entree, simply put is one of the most amazing pieces of culinary work I have been lucky enough to taste. Maybe I'm not enough of a food snob and am easily excited by food, but I will make a point to head to NOLA every time I can make a stop in greater NOLA.Our reservation was made for 3pm through Yelp however NOLA was not open at the time we reserved (lunch ended at 2, dinner began at 6).  The bar was open however and the hostess and manager could not have been more apologetic.  They offered to open up the kitchen despite the obvious error on the end of the reservation service.  We happily rescheduled our reservation for their opening time.  
Upon returning to NOLA the manager and hostess were extremely welcoming.  The manager engaged in a sweet banter with my children and even accommodated my son's request to be seated on the top floor.  The atmosphere is classic exposed brick without looking contrived.  
The stuffed chicken wings were recommended by our waiter Raymond.  The crab cake rounded out our appetizers.   Both were so flavorful and delicious.  I am not a chicken wing fan however the stuffed wings were awesome!   Raymond also recommended the duck and fried chicken, neither of which would be our typical dinner choices.  Raymond's description of both entrees made them sound irresistible.   Our dinner arrived hot and in a timely manner.  Both dinners were creative and so delicious!   
The service was all around impressive.  Our water glasses never went even remotely dry and the table was kept crumbed and clean.  
I highly, highly recommend NOLA!!!I've been to Nola twice now (dinner and brunch) and have been impressed both times. Service is IMPECCABLE. I cannot rave enough about how attentive the wait staff is. It is a 3 story restaurant in the heart of the french quarter. Food was delicious both times. I ordered a Sunday brunch cocktail (can't remember the name) that is the "official drink of Louisiana" and it tasted awful (goes to show I'm not from Louisiana) so they brought me out something else instead and refunded the gross drink which I thought was nice. Love the ambiance albeit it is a little pricey, but hey, you get what you pay for!Our food was served burnt. The service was atrocious. I would not pay $5 for this meal, let alone $50. They are floating by completely on name recognition. Get real, Emiril. I hope this place goes out of business soon so they can replace it with a real restaurant.This restaurant is fabulous. My first thought was that it would be a tourist trap, since it is one of Emeril's restaurants, but it was amazing. The food was great but the service was what made it a most enjoyable experience. They were incredibly attentive, knowledgeable and patient. We were waiting for one person in our party and they didn't rush us and were attentive to us while we were waiting. We always had ice water. If they saw the ice was melting in your glass they would come over with a fresh glass of water. They were also great with food allergies. I would highly recommend making this one of your stops while in NOLA!Easy to make reservations on yelp a few hours before. Wonderful Shrimp and grits! Asked for spicy drink and they brought me a Cajun martini. Still dreaming about my next one!We ate here on a Thursday night.  Not too crowded.  Meal started off nice, bread came, appetizers came, then more bread, then more bread...where's the meal?  It took over 25 minutes to get our meal.  Everyone around us was done eating even though they arrived after us!  We had 5 people, 4 ordered fish and 1 a pork chop.  How could that have taken so long!?!  
My husband ordered shrimp and grits which I DO NOT recommend unless you like fake BBQ/smokey/salty flavor.  It tasted so fake, like liquid smoke.  We were so excited for them, but gravely disappointed.  
I ordered the garlic encrusted drum fish with potatoes which I actually found a bone in.  And I only got like 3 little chunks of potato underneath.  However, as long as I didn't choke on it, I was able to overlook it and didn't complain.  The fish was really rich and tender, must have been cooked in lots of butter.  
Bottom line, the bread guy and the water guy were on their game, but the food took way too long.  I don't know if I'd recommend it.It has been almost 20 years since I visited NOLA. The food was excellent and the service was outstanding. The atmosphere has a nice energy. We dined with a view of the sunny street. Another favorite!Excellent service, great wine menu and desserts divine!   Our table of four had the pork chop and fish dishes.  We will definitely return.Chef Lagasse's stuffed chicken wings was outta this world.  It connected two very unexpected styles of cooking, southern and south east Asia together. He filings were not overwhelming and easy to accept. scallops with risotto was cooked to perfection. Must try the dessert. Even if you have to skip entree. The place has three levels and reservation for large group is recommended.  Small bar area limited selection of beer.A friend told me to try this place because it was her favorite restaurant in Nola and oh man she wasn't lying. Went here for lunch and had my best Shrimp and Grits ever. Even better than Luke in Nawlins. Went back for dinner and had the Hickory Duck which was freaking amazing (and big portion ) but then had the warm ooey gooey cake which they should rename HEAVEN. Jesus this was an amazing dinner. Nice place inside and great staffBest Bloody Mary I have ever had! Terrible gumbo. It was just rice and a few tiny shrimp. The crab cakes were good and the fried catfish too,I had really high expectations for this place but it didn't add up. The  service and venue are great but the food was too "different". I ordered the shrimp and grits expecting a savory down south dish. Instead I got shrimp and grits smothered in what seemed to be cheap high sugar BBQ sauce... Way too sweet and honestly unappetizing. I won't be back, nor would I recommend this place.Given all the restaurants in New Orleans, this would be at the bottom of my list. While the service was great the food wasn't. The chefs are overly reliant on salt for seasoning. My wife had a Caesar salad and I had the stuffed chicken wings as appetizers. Both were the highlights of the meal. As entrees my wife had the buttermilk fried chicken and I the NY strip. Salt was dominant. Both meats were cooked well but all one could taste was salt. We passed on dessert. While waiting for the wine list( took over ten minutes to fine one) we struck up a conversation with the couple next to us. They had returned two dishes because of excessive salt.This meal was the highlight of my trip! You have to get the fried chicken with mac and cheese. This restaurant is very nice and you might feel like a kid ordering it but you will not be disappointed! The mac and cheese had cajan seasoning on top and is served on a cast iron pan! It is sooooo good full of flavor and just the right amount. I was happy to find the chicken is boneless however do not underestimate it. It's packed with flavor and still has that crispy texture! The side of gravy was almost not even needed. We had the stuffed chicken wings as an app they were good but I wasn't blown away. All in all great restaurant, good service and GREAT chicken and mac!Still in 2018, it is the most memorable meal I have had. And it was in 2005. BBQ duck, arugula salad with goat cheese and dried cranberries and a wonderful chocolate cake. Not sure they are all on the menu still, but I plan to visit again when in NOLA.Wanted to not like this place bc it was Emeril's but boy can he or his chefs put together and execute a delicious menu. We literally did not have a dish or drink that wasn't delicious. Their riff on pork is nuts as the pulled pork Patty was cooked twice, crisped up at the end giving it this crunchy consistency almost like pork cracklins.
Service was great, drinks were great decor was just ok at very reasonable prices.I ate here about two weeks ago and I enjoyed the food and atmosphere. The bbq shrimp were great. The hurricane I order was good but extra strong (more liquor than juice) I did not really like it. If you love strong drinks this is the place for you.This was my pick for our last night in town for our anniversary and it worked out well! My husband was hesitant once we arrived and he saw the menu. He's a man of simple tastes, but he knew I wanted to try it out and I told him I'd heard the fried chicken was great.  We started with the frog legs and they passed the test. He ordered the fried chicken thigh and he loved it. He even said it won his unofficial fried chicken contest out of the places we visited. ;) I had the stuffed wings and I was stuffed after! Service was good and pretty smooth. Solid choice for our last night out!The food was so good, I wanted to lick the plate clean. I suggest getting the duck. Thank you Emerald!Honestly, a little disappointing.
The chicken wings WERE phenomenal, but the service was lackluster and the fried chicken was ovecooked, dry and very tough. Unpleasant. 
The grilled seasonal fish was memorable, the lobster salad was not. The corpse reviver was not good. The banana pudding dessert was nice. 
Very hit or miss, depending on what you order. I would suggest scouring yelp reviews for highlights ahead of time or grilling your waiter.I've been here three times now and it definitely is between four and five stars for me.  When they're on, definitely five, even when not, probably 4.5.  
I was sad to see that my favorite dish there was off the menu last time I went, however--was 6 Parmesan baked oysters inside a little muffin tray type thing.  This dish was just absolute bliss.  I had an escargot dish last time I was there instated, it was good but a little too buttery.  
The entrées are always great--I like ordering fish as an entrée usually and have done so twice there, both times the different fishes being tender, light, and flaky while the perfect temperature and sweetness and contrasting nicely with the acidity of of the salad with vinagrette, and also nicely with the texture of maybe almonds? or whatever was sprinkled on the plate that I can't remember.  I had short ribs for an entrée once which was done well, despite me not having the taste buds for short ribs.  They were tender and flavorful and the andouille gave it a nice bite along with it's natural sweetness.  The side dish of roasted red potatoes is fantastic (and the only side dish I've had).
A nice selection of wine too that can almost always pair nicely with most courses...nice pinot noir if I remember correctly.  I had a martini once at the bar there when I was waiting for my table and don't really drink cocktails during dinner.  Still, a good drink, good food, and a really neat FQ atmosphere with warehouse charm too.  Make reservations, or else you'll wait.We had such a great experience at Nola's. The service was efficient and they took the care of being attentive to your every need. Fell in love with the fried chicken and shrimp scampi!Amazing food and service.  Best meal I have had in a long time.  The pork chop was the best I've EVER had.My wife and I ate at NOLA on Sept 7th at about 7pm; we had no problem making reservations online earlier in the day via a cell phone app. Big John was our head server and he was top notch. Based on our input he suggested the filet for my wife and the ribeye topped w/fennel and arugula for myself. He was spot on! The finest steaks we've ever had. I must recommend the cheese grits as an additional side. Lively, not rowdy; a very laid back environment. Hope to return!Wonderful experience, servers over-attentive (never a bad thing) friendly, knowledgeable and committed to ensuring you had a good time. 
Tried an item here that was on my bucket list. Fried frog legs!!!  
Everything from the apps to the desert was top notch. 
Make a reservation and you will surely not regret that decision.