I only gave it 3 stars because the service wasn't great and took a little long. My friend ordered the same sandwich right before me and he had already finished his before I received mine. Other than that the pulled pork poboy I had was awesome. They really pack it on there too.Ordered the 12 inch specialty (Gumbo added on top) Shrimp po boy for $19. 
The 12 inch is huge and is big enough for two people the try.
The shrimp was perfectly fried and had a nice season to it. 
I would avoid the gumbo on top as it made the bread soggy and difficult to eat. In addition, the bread was very tough to eat, I would reccomend slightly baking or toasting the bread.Spicy fried shrimp dressed with gumbo...yum bo.  The yadat was top notch.  So was their beef dressed with tender pink juicy beef.  We left ickin' our fingers and smackin' our lips.Extremely slow service and halfway decent jambalaya. Sounded really greasy and not enough meat in it. But hey when you're drunk it's right there and they're openYummy yummy yummy! Best PoBoy in the quarter!   
That soft shell crab is the best. But don't sleep on that crawfish PoBoy. This spot is a gem on Bourbon.This review is strictly for the "Grilled Chicken PoBoy". 
As optimistic as I like to usually be, not that much can be said about my particular sandwich. It was my first time going and I have to say I was a bit disappointed. The meat was so bland and tasteless that it seemed like it was missing a lot of seasoning. Perhaps if I choose to come back next time, I will grab something else. But if you had eyes set for this particular poboy, I'd definitely tell you to consider something else. Not worth the money. Honest opinion.So happy right now!! Spicy and amazing fried shrimp. They aren't kidding that their food is SPICY. I love and eat a ton of spicy food regularly. It was perfect and delicious but if you're not sure about spice, get the yankee mild.This place is the best I had in NOLA.  Don't waste your time and money at the "fancy" spots. This place is the real deal, especially after a few drinks on Bourbon Street.Was looking for a good po boys spot in French quarter that didn't fall into the tourist trap. Was suggested to check out this spot and so glad we did. Had a shrimp po boy which was so yummy! The shrimp was cooked perfectly with a perfect amount of spice. I decided to share the po boy with my companion but after the first bite I wished I had my own! Great spot.For what it cost, it was poor to average.  Food was freshly made and our fried shrimp po-boy was decent sized.  But I have had way better... in a authentic Cajun place in Connecticut.  You would definitely expect a whole lot more from a place that only sells Po Boy in New Orleans.  
2 Po Boys, 2 sides, water and $45 cheaper.  Worst meal in New Orleans so far.Went here for lunch today. Cute clean place, friendly woman behind the counter. I ordered the fried catfish po boy and my husband ordered the fried shrimp po boy and a crawfish pie. All of it came out in about 10 minutes. Delicious. There was a huge amount of meat on my catfish sub and a decent amount on the shrimp one. Subs were spicy but not set your mouth on fire and leave you sweating spicy. Perfect. The crawfish pie was AWESOME. Wish we had ordered more of those!Went for a grilled shrimp po-boy on last Fat Monday.  Short line to put in the order, but took 30 minutes to get the sandwich.   The girl bringing out the sandwiches from the kitchen seemed to be ticked off at the counter staff.  Can't get a half Po-boy for this sandwich during Mardi Gras  so had to take the 'bun' version.  Sandwich was 5 star.  Loaded, hot, dressed, and very tasty.  More seating in the back through the narrow doorway.  There was a line to use the can - but it was Mardi Gras.  Can't wait to go back !!!!Small hole in the wall feel. Boyfriend had the fried crawfish poboy and he loved the spice level and flavor of it! I had the grilled shrimp poboy (I can't handle spice, and it has none grilled) and it was delicious!Ask some locals and everyone will give you their favorite poboy destination.  Some crave traditional, some get a little crazy and go with fusion but just give me a good one and I am in heaven. 
On a recommendation from a local we tried the Da Yat (shrimp poboy with gumbo) first and our next trip we taste tested the Who Dat (shrimp with bisque).  Both were incredibly good but I have to say that the Da Yat slightly edged out the other sandwich.
The bread is exceptionally crisp and flaky and the sandwiches can come fully dressed.  You can opt for no spice or extra spice on your sandwich.  We stayed the course with the one they typically make which had just the right amount of heat. 
The Da Yat edged out the other because of the flavor contrast.  The gravy-consistency worked better than the bisque.  Trust me that you need a complete bib to imbibe this sandwich because it is SLOPPY!
I think it was brilliant to add the gumbo or bisque to the poboy because standing alone it can tend to be a little dry.  Next time you are in NOLA go way up Bourbon and treat yourself to a little slice of heaven!  Yes....we liked it enough to eat there twice.This restaurant po'boy has the best po'boys in the city. It's rich, delicious, savory & every bite is awesome. The black panther is po'boys. Mane sure this is what you eat before you leave to go back home. I love every minute & the staff is super friendlyDisgusting. The worst place in New Orleans that we ate at. Please don't waste your time. Terrible customer service and the food was GROSS.Last night in town, and I just couldn't leave New Orleans without some fried okra, boudin balls, and red bean & rice. Got a huge order to go, and the delightful staff gave me a free crawfish pie. Well, if that ain't the best damn send-off, I don't know what is. Thank you for making my bon voyage so special. I will definitely be back!You know it was a good night when you wake up and find half a NOLA po boy in your purse.... this was our favorite thing we ate while on our trip that we went back late night to get another. The fried oyster one was amazing!! I could eat it again today before we leave.I ordered a catfish poboy on Thursday and while I can't claim I won't ever order from them again the fish was soggy and obviously made from frozen catfish. So in my search for new Orleans best catfish poboy we do NOT have a winner and I'm out $15We were hungry upon arrival in NOLA, we tried to stop at a few places and didn't have a lot of time to wait so this looked perfect, seating and quick service. They didn't have a fryer for some reason, so they didn't have any Po-Boys, but you could get subs. My husband got a BBQ shrimp and I got a salad, yes a salad was a bad call at a sandwich shop. Our friends really enjoyed their sandwich but for my husband and I were both thought it was just okay. I think obviously what you order will make a difference but either way the place was overpriced. Add in a bottle of water and our bill was almost $35.Cashiers were very rude and did not offer any knowledge on items. Soft shell crab was raw and the roast beef was messy and cafeteria quality. Bread was excellent so if you like slimy seafood head over.Some of the greasiest food I'd ever had in my life. Fried things are obviously going to be oily but the tater tots were soaked through with grease. The food was so oily that it gave me and my niece a headache. I think this places location has more to do with their reviews than actually having great food. We did come at night so maybe the late shift cooking isn't as great. $3 for a bottle of soda seemed overbearing. 
They also over charged me but I didn't realize this until we were leaving.
Good news is that although we ate only a few bites of the platter we shared a very sweet Vietnam vet needed some help and was eager for some hot alligator so it fed three people that night.Food was okay, wait was terrible. When we got here there were two people ahead of us in line. The food for our party of 3 took 45 minutes to come out...nothing special, just a small po'boy, the fried shrimp, and a bowl of jambalaya. Jambalaya was spicy but very flavorful! The salad was a joke- just a bowl of sandwich toppings.Best food in the French Quarter hands down. If you miss eating here then you've missed one of the best hidden secrets in New Orleans..... Make sure & say hi to Ryan, the cook.... He's the magic behind your Po'boy!This is always my first go-to when I come to New Orleans. I will admit I've never had a poboy here because I never make it past the grilled and fried shrimp! It is seriously the best shrimp I've ever had and I'm Cajun! Always cooked perfectly, not breaded to much, and spicy. I also had a sample of their catfish yesterday and it was amazing! This is a hidden treasure on Bourbon.Okay so I'm here on vacation, I'm from Philly. I'm here for a week and so far we've come here 3 times,  it's that good. We love the fried shrimp, they taste amazing. The catfish po boy is good too. We ordered the shrimp accidentally, and it's become or favorite thing here. It's seasoned so well. I have no complaints.A must place to eat at while staying near bourbon st! Food was spicy and good. The shrimp and crawfish bisque was amazing!!! The chief/ general manager offered great customer service. Def was a fave among our group of 15, several went back a few times while in townWalked by this place a million times over the years and never stopped in but did so after a recommendation.
Boy was the soft shell crab po'boy good! Nice and spicy (they have yankee variations available if you can't handle spicy).
The only minor complaint was that the tasty soft shell was a bit dwarfed by the french bread but, still, was very good.
They have plenty of seating, lots of other menu choices and nice clean bathrooms (for customers) so check it out next time you're on Bourbon!Great poboys! Definitely recommend anyone to come here if they are visiting NOLA. A little on the dirtier side, but can't expect much from a restaurant out in this district.The food was not great.  This one you could definitely skip.  We ordered fried shrimp, shrimp PoBoy and a gumbo.  
The gumbo was fine, not great.  The shrimp, was just shrimp with absolutely no flavor to them and the Po Boy sandwich took about 30 minutes to make and when we got it, it literally consisted of the same flavorless shrimp with little condiments just dry bread.  
We had to get up a couple of times to tell them that we had not received our sandwich to which the guy in the back seemed bothered that we even mentioned it.  All he kept was that they were working on it.  For 30 minutes?!
You could skip this place.My favorite po boys in NOLA! I came here towards the end of my trip and ended up coming here about 3 or 4 times in the last two days. We also bought sandwiches to go to eat at the airport! 
I recommend the shrimp po boy extra hot, which is perfect.... Plus some crystal's hot sauce. I love this place.Fun little place. Got some decent seating, but not a ton. He food was pretty good, not quit 5 stars tho. Doors open, nice breeze and a hot poyboy- what more could I ask for?!The food was delicious.  Super big fan of the gumbo.  Inexpensive and delicious.  Great find!Nola was suggested by our tour guide. He was right; it's probably the best po'boy ever.  I ordered the shrimp po'boy. I did not read the menu thoroughly.  It stated that all fried foods are SPICY. Even tough, it was burning my taste buds off,  I was enjoying it. 
The portions are stupid large and the prices are commensurate. The staff is warm and welcoming.  I can't wait to go back.A year and a half ago I moved into an apartment above this place so it became very convenient to eat here. But not only is it convenient but its delicious! Even after all this time I am still discovering menu items that i haven't had that are great. Today was the grilled shrimp salad. The Big Easy po boy is one of my favorites but I also enjoy any of the fried seafood options as well as the burger, the surf and turf, the boudin balls, and I love that they offer a wide variety of drink options that are not limited to what just one distributor offers. They have many different sports drinks, different bottled waters, and a large array of soft drinks in cans, plastic, and glass bottles. No fountain drinks! I love that! It also helps that Murray, the owner is usually on hand to answer any questions and make sure everything is on point. All in all they deserve 4 1/2 stars and should be visited by tourists and locals alike.These sandwiches made us so happy. Fried shrimp Poboy and fried shrimp Poboy with bisque. I was a coward and didn't get soup on mine. Ben had read reviews and got the bisque on his sandwich. His sandwich beat my sandwich... even though mine was a great sandwich. Moral: get soup on your sandwich.
Warning: don't come here if you want to have a deep philosophical discussion about the state of your relationship. You can't both eat and talk when your sandwich is this good. It may, however be good for your relationship--be it business or romantic--because everyone will leave happy, thus creating positive associations. 
Advice: Don't plan to pop the question while your beloved is eating a 12" pot roast Poboy. The sandwich will win. Don't try to compete.
That is all.One of the best po-boys I have had in NO. The alligator was awesome. The staff was very good and would come back.Great little market restaurant with all the different poboys. Had the shrimp and oysters poboy with bisque. Absolutely fantastic couldn't stop eating although I was full. The bread pudding dessert was also delicious. All we needed was a bottle of wine. They should consider carrying it for the diners to have with their meal. Gotta try it when in Nola...This was our first introduction to NOLA food, and we came here on the recommendation of our Hotel Clerk. We wound up having several po-boys during our stay but these were by far the best. 
My wife got an 8" fried oyster po-boy, and I got a 12" Da Yat, which was fried oysters or shrimp (I went with oysters) with gumbo. We also got Boudin Balls, which were exceptional. Both of our sandwiches were delicious, albeit spicy, but in the best and most flavorful way possible. 
I should have gone with the 8" myself, because the sandwiches are very large. My wife loved hers and I really enjoyed mine too but there was a bit of a structural problem to mine. I kinda thought the gumbo would be a sauce for the oysters, but in reality there is just as much gumbo as oysters in the sandwich. Extremely delicious, but the wetness of the gumbo removed all crispiness from the oysters and then disintegrated my bread slowly but surely. By the end there was a small pile of mush that had previously been an inch or two of my sandwich, that were now essentially inedible. 
Lastly, I felt the pricing was a bit high. 2 sandwiches, boudin balls, and bottled water came out to about $50. That's a bit much in my book. Nevertheless, I would return without hesitation.
I definitely recommend this place for po-boys, but if you want traditional oyster, go with that and if you want gumbo, I'd recommend it on the side.Kinda of an odd place and when you walk in it is a bit scary considering your food is coming from there. But it turned out to be darn good. In the evening expect to wait because there will be a line. 
We got the smothered fried shrimp which is very spicy but awesome. And the roast beef which was also very good. Honestly probably cheaper than most of what we ate on the trip but worth a stop after the bar.Today was the worst dining experience I've ever had!!! We ordered two shrimp poboys, fries and a shrimp basket. While not busy at all, the food took over an hour to come out. After asking several times and receiving "10 mins" each time, we finally got frustrated when guest who came after us were served first. The staff was unapologetic and rude about their terrible service. After finally coming out, the food was wrong!! In addition, the bread was hard and the shrimp weren't breaded well. 
Save yourself the headache and money.Great po-boys and other cajun bites. 
Our table had a few po-boys we all shared a bite or two of plus fried okra and chili cheese fries. All were fantastic. Great bread on the po-boys and everything fried had perfect breading. 
Service is counter order then wait for your name. Food came quick with little grumbles. Price is in line with po-boys in the quarter and well worth the quality. 
Interior is a simple layout of bench seats and tables as well as a back room with more seating options. AC was out when we ate there but there were enough fans to make it tolerable. 
If you find yourself walking back from Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop/end of the quarter back towards Canal, and you're starving, stop here!Got there with no line...ordered....was excited.....and waited....and waited...people came in after me.....I waited....they got their food.........I waited and got mine.....had EVERYTHING I ASKED FOR IT NOT TO HAVE ON IT......I HATE MAYO..........did not want lettuce or tomato on a hot beef sandwich.....the server was very nice and took it back to remake....(truthfully I was nervous) 
 I don't understand how if the meat was a slow cooked roast (shouldn't it be cooked already) took another 20 minutes to get my sandwich cause I didn't need anything else on it......while I waited for the new sandwich I remembered that is was suppose to come with Au Jus so I asked the cashier if I was going to get the au jus that comes with it and she said "oh yeah it's in the back...." as if, I shouldn't expect it to come out with my first order or I guess it wasn't coming with unless I asked for it.....????
When I finally got my food it was horrible.  no taste whatsoever....I rolled it back up in my bag and left.........threw it in the trash can across the street and just chalked it up to "it's just not my kind of place"!!!
The server was nice about everything but I could not in good conscience recommend this place to ANYONE!!!Surf and turf poboy was filled with roast beef, fried shrimp, and dressing.  It was dang good but as others have mentioned, the prices are a bit inflated because of the location.  Open late too which is really nice.Everyone in my family who ate your po'boy got the runs. Served ~9pm Jan 1st, not sure if it was the sandwich or the mayonnaise that looked like you leave it out all day. Great going in, not comin' out.Unfortunately had a bad time here today. I had the Pattons hot sausage and fries. Took a little too long to get our food for what it was. We were also rushed out of the restaurant by someone telling us the room was for tours and we were in the way, but there was no signage and literally nowhere else to sit. I threw up my sandwich.Every time I come to New Orleans this is my to-go spot! I even bring my friends there! And thank God for Leroy for his hospitality. So when y'all get there make sure you ask for Leroy! He's the bestABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! The people who have given low-scores to Nola Poboys are all tourists who wouldn't know a good poboy if it slapped them in the face. Ive lived in New Orleans for over eight years and this is one of the best poboys I have ever had. Their fried shrimp are battered in a savory, spicy blend that is just hot enough to pucker your lips, but not so hot that you go diving for the closest glass of water. Their debris fries are a gooey dream of cakey-fries smothered in roast beef drippings and cheese. The staff is ALWAYS cheerful and friendly and service is quick and made to order. If you dont like this place, something is seriously wrong with you.Absolutely the best Poboy's! Hubby had the oyster and I had the shrimp. Lots of fried food to choose from. Great service but the joint was a lil on the dirty side. I mean it is on Bourbon Street and it's a hole in the wall, so don't be picky! We would definitely go back!!I love the spicy shrimp poboy here, so much so that I often recommend NOLA to friends who come into town. After my visit last night, I am not sure that I will ever go back. When we got to the counter, we were told that there was a 30 minute wait. We were fine with that. However we wound up waiting for an hour for our food. There were only three other tables there! I asked for the manager and was informed that "Murray" was not there (he was at the game). I planned to go back today to complain to him, however we were treated to a drunk "Murray" showing up and getting into a screaming match with another customer who complained. We were given a partial refund by the lady at the counter and as we left, we watched drunk "Murray" weaving down the street. I am so disappointed in the service...no matter how good the food is, when the experience is this bad it is hard to imagine going back.Wonderful. Great service, friendly staff. Awesome BBQ beef po boy which was flavorful with out being to overpowering and the fried shrimp was good. Hopefully we'll eat here again before we leave.Shrimp poboy was awesome!!!!! While eating I saw the rest of the menu. So many delicious sounding different poboysMy friends and I knew po'boys would be one of the first orders of business during our recent New Orleans stay. We asked around and NOLA Po-boys was the top contender based on where we were staying and where we wanted to go (duh, Bourbon Street). 
I ordered a crawfish po'boy but the person taking my order thought I said "catfish." No worries, because I really, really liked the catfish! It was fried perfectly and was delicious. One of my friends discovered his love for fried oyster po'boys and seemed to get one almost every day during our trip - all thanks to NOLA Po-boys! I'd definitely recommend it, especially if you're looking to fill your tummy with some substance (these things are ginormous) before a night of drinking and debauchery.Ordered the plater of crawfish and oysters. Plate is defined as with a "salad". If a salad is 2 pickle slices, a slice of tomato and a few pieces of lettuce then yes it comes with a salad. Also if plate means double the fries then yes i had the plate. If your looking for fried seafood with too much breading and a ton of cheap fries for 20 dollars you have found your place to eat.We went here earlier today and both had Shirmp Poboys. They were great, especially after we put their homemade pepper sauce on top of them. I accidentally knocked over one half of my sandwich to the ground, and they were very kind and made a new sandwich for me, they certainly didn't have to. They also had a really nice red beans and rice as well.
Again, we really enjoyed the sandwiches and service, and we will be back next time we're in New OrleansVery pricey! Why do they call them PO BOYS they should be called Rich Boys. The food is ok not bad at all but unless you really like sitting in a hot room with no AC and paying $5 for a scoop of ice cream, $15 or more for a skimpy sandwich go next door to Clover and get your money's worth.Ordered two poboys (one Fried Shrimp and one Grilled Chicken) on a short stay in New Orleans.  It was absolutely disgusting, I cannot believe people actually eat this, they must be drunk.
The shrimp were dirty/uncleaned (shrimp poop), the bread sucked, and the chicken tasted like 2 day old chicken.  To add insult to injury it's overpriced. We regretted not getting Macdonalds.Awesome !!!! But so spicyyyyy
My mouth is on fire !!!! 
So good I'm probably gonna die here tonightDelicious fried crawfish Poboy! Got the regular level of spicy and it had the perfect amount of heat to it! Also would suggest the boudim balls that come with a delicious sauce and the jambalaya! Very satisfied with all of it!!Only reason they get 3 stars is bc the food is actually good. 
Terrible customer service! The staff clearly didn't care whatsoever that they messed up several of our orders. They were rude and very vocal on how they hated their job and couldn't wait for customers to leave. Not friendly nor helpful.I had the Grilled Shrimp poyboy and my husband had the DatYat- gumbo smothered poyboy that included fried shrimp. We love spicy Cajun food but their Cajun spicy food is on another level. If you are sensitive to spicy food, don't go there ! They have posted signs that say "Everything is Spicy" and it's true!!This place is a MUST if you are in the French Quarter! The food is amazing, fast service, friendly staff and great location!
We stopped in for lunch and asked the young lady at the cash register for her recommendations...she was so sweet and friendly! We took her advice and ordered the fried shrimp po boy and the crawfish kickers. The food was spicy and delicious! The crawfish kickers were one of my favorite dishes our entire trip to New Orleans!At the recommendation of another local food counter operator in the French Market, we hauled down to NOLA Po-Boy & had "Da Yat Shrimp Po-Boy with Bisque".  The combination of white creamy crawfish-shrimp-&-okra bisque over lightly breaded shrimp - Ooh - I'll be drooling about that sandwich memory for awhile.  Husband had "Da-Bris Pot Roast Po-Boy" - the da-bris broth was loaded with shredded beef, fantastically flavorful to spoon over each bite.    Fried okra was a huge helping of freshly fried crunch, you could tell oil was new.  Excellent experience. Located towards the quieter end of Bourbon St. near the Jean Lafitte corner bar.The food was delicious. The service was just okay and should have been better since the restaurant wasn't busy. This was our second restaurant so far and it was just okay. I guess the service may be better at night. This place will be last on my list on my next visit. The only reason I scored them with a 3-star is because my husband enjoyed the food.Conveniently located in the middle of Bourbon street however food was not good at all! Shrimp po boy was okay and jambalaya was horrible! I took a bite and couldn't eat it. There were mysterious meat in jambalaya and the texture of rice was just off! To top it off when I was walking out of restaurant there were dead roaches in front of the restaurant :( service was okay. Not friendly but not meanThis place gets a lot of things right. But there is one real problem with the food they serve. It's way too spicy. I am a Cajun and I love spicy food! But to make something spicy just for the sake of it being spicy is not good cuisine. My shrimp poboy was so spicy I could not taste the shrimp. The french bread used for the poboy was excellent. Everything else was really good.After a 9 hour day of unpaid training, no lunch, a salty breakfast, and a couple of snacks all I wanted was something good to eat. However, Murphy's law was in full effect and though the day wasn't terrible, lots of little annoying things made the day more noticeable. We finally get to a place to meet some family for drinks. The drinks are strong! Mind you, I was pretty much consuming these bad boys on a close to empty stomach. I started to feel tipsy after half of the first drink. So I sat there, scouting for places in the area on Yelp as it neared 11:00. Everything was closing. I called the hibachi place across the street at 17 til and they hung up on me. We drove across the street and they were closed at 10 til. I think I need to write a review about that as well.....
Anyway, long story short, I find this place and call in to place the order so I don't have to wait. I didn't pay attention to the fact that it was on Bourbon St because I would have avoided it at all costs considering they are tourists traps. My fiancée is from New Orleans and we usually get poboys from an ambiguous corner store. Anywhoo....like I said, it's been a long day and I was tired, I wasn't feeling well and I was negligent. I call to place an order for an 8 inch shrimp poboy and an order of tater tots and she tells me that my order is 17.6x cents. I literally exclaimed "shit. Okay" and ended the call. I seriously had to reconsider my life for a moment. Do I really want to pay $18 for this food? No, no I don't. I could get an entire meal with a soda for $11 at the corner store. So we pulled over and looked for other options so that we could ditch this one and found nothing. We reluctantly paid the $18 ....boy am I disappointed. 
Ya'll I was so excited about this food. I even remembered to get some hot sauce to put on the sandwich. Now, I am light weight OCD and my friends used to tell me that I should be a health inspector because my standards are high. Silly me, had the audacity to look at my sandwich before biting into it. And it is NOT deveined. I was shocked. Taken aback. Appalled to say the least. I just paid $12 for a sandwich and the shrimp still have poo in them? Oh hell naw. I was then outraged and wanted to take it back but I was too exhausted to put up a fight so I let it go. And I didn't eat the sandwich. Not one bite. Except a piece of the bread which I tried and it wasn't good either. 
The $4 tater tots were good though. 
NOLA PoBoys!!!!' Get your act together guys. You can't charge $12 for a sandwich simply because you're on Bourbon and then disrespect your customers even further by not even cleaning the food before serving it to them. 
My fiancée says "babe, you can't even taste it." I responded "you also can't taste when someone pisses and doesn't wash their hands and then makes your food, doesn't make it good." 
I generally tip, even when picking up an order. I briefly contemplated adding a tip as I was signing the check but for $18, I just couldn't justify spending another dime. 
Tip: DO BETTER 
Yelpers: avoid this tourist trap or at the very least, don't order the shrimp. 
Last thing: my great grandmother used to say "we all gone eat a little shit befo' we die." Maybe she'd has a shrimp poboy from NolA.Good but we've been waiting over 30 minutes for sandwiches. No apology no anything. For a Friday night we thought we would just pop in. Whoops.Food was good but the service was the worst! They messed up our order and and wouldn't even take responsibility for it!Great lunch stop while in the quarters. It's at the quiet end of bourbon. Large selection of poboys. I had the shrimp and my wife had the fried oysters. Both were good. But if you're coming during summer, be advised that it may be a little hot especially if you sit in the back area of the place.Wow. Mutherf#!$@# wow one of the best po boys i ever...ever had and the craw fish pie damn!!! This will be my poboy hang out when i come back to newolreansFried food was definitely spicy but super good. Recommend the fried shrimp with gumbo and the surf and turf.Haven't tried it yet, but they packed it up nicely for my plane trip back to Cali. Will update review later.Hole in the wall with no booze, but amazing delectable po boys. So good! Get them dry or with gumbo slathered on. AmazingFirst and foremost, I want to say the food was amazing, however the young lady, with numerous amounts of tattoos, who worked the front register had given my fiancé and I a horrible attitude to where my fiancé didn't want to order. I assumed it was because we arrived 30 mins prior to closing time to order take out. Her attitude was so recognizable to where a customer standing behind me acknowledged how much she didn't care to take the orders. This restaurant should look into hiring more friendly individuals with better customer service.Giving this place 2 stars feels a bit of a stretch, but I think our biggest disappointment was seeing it so highly rated and having an overall lackluster experience ourselves. 
1) we arrived and the place was relatively quiet, only two small groups were already seated and waiting. A handpoorlywritten sign in the window advertised an oyster bar, however the customer ahead of us asked for oysters and the lady at the counter boredly responded that they didn't have oysters, like he was crazy for asking. 
2) we ordered a "WhoDat" on a bun, and a hotlink po'boy. At that time we were told there was no hot links (despite it being listed as the special). Seeing as it's a chalk sign. Why not erase it or throw a handpoorlywritten sign over it saying you don't have it? 
3) we waited for a really long time (20+ minutes) for our food, despite not having many people ahead of us. 
4) the "WhoDat" was on a roll, which was fine but....  the wrong order. It tasted good, but not really remarkable. 
All in all, I'd absolutely encourage people to go elsewhere.I've ordered here twice. So far it has been consistently good, fresh and large portioned. The management is great. The order takers are o.k. 
I appreciate and respect this business for serving Treme.This has one of the best alligator sandwiches I've ever had... It is a very friendly joint. The fillets are super delicious. The bbq shrimp is not too bad. Overall the experience at this restaurant was pretty good.Totally obsessed! I was NOLA 2 weeks ago and I haven't stopped talking about or thinking about their 'Who Dat' poboy. A definite must have at the suggestion of a bartender, he said that's the only place he goes and now I see why! I was oyster obsessed on this trip so I had the oyster poboy topped with seafood bisque. Definitely messy and no where near healthy(but who goes to New Orleans for salad!) and worth every single bite! There was no sharing at my table! I even insisted on going back before the airport for one last foodgasm. Be for warned its super cheesy so if that not your thing maybe opt for something else.This was my first experience with the over so popular poboys of the South. I had the crayfish poboy and man was it spicy. I absolutely adored it. The first bite was a bit intense but after that it was smooth sailing. I looked forward to every bite. Not sure when I'll be back to NO, but I definitely wouldn't mind going out of my way to come back here.This is literally the best bang for your buck. Ugh love the prices and flavor. Sandwiches are huge and filled. Service is super quick. Plenty of seating and a cozy atmosphere. I personally love anything with oysters.A BUNCH of scumbags. We came in with money to spend and a request for a restroom. After being pointed into a wall, I attempted to talk to a manager and I found the same asshole who dismissed a party of 4 was the manager of said shit hole.Fun hole in the wall place.  Cafeteria style ordering.  The fried oyster po boys were excellent.  The blackened shrimp po boy was very good.  The mufaletta was well received.  A good informal lunch or snack stop.They have the best po boy here. A shrimp po boy smothered in gumbo. It's awesome. Had to make it my first stop when I got to Nola todayThe charm of this little establishment is enjoyable. The poboy sandwich was not easy to choose due to the many many options. Once you've wrapped your head around your decision and ordered it could take a little time to come your way. The chili cheese fries were a top notch choice. The fries start off with a good crunch and then when the cheese and chili are added they turn into a meal. If your looking for a good crunch to the fry skip the chili. The poboy was mediocre at best. The toppings were underwhelming and borderline absent from the larger sandwich. I would need to try a few more to have a good all around basis for the entire menu but was not overly impressedDelicious! Yes, we were in there pretty late at night. No, we were not completely hammered. Do keep in mind even the fries are spicy. 
Do yourself a favor, though. Do not use the bathroom. You're better off finding an alley next to a toxic waste dump. Trust me on that.I avoid Bourbon street unless I have friends in town. Well, my besty was visiting and we had about 45 minutes until our ghost tour started. We decided to grab a bite to eat and looked up several nearby places. I think we would have walked passed without even noticing it but we we were offered a sample and it literally drew us into Nola Poboys. I am glad that we stopped in because it was just what we wanted, authentic Nola food. My bff loves spicy so it was perfect for her. I was able to get my catfish poboy on the mild side so we were both happy. The sandwich was twice as much as I could eat but I'm not complaining. We were happy with full bellies and ready for ghost hunting!The food was exceptional. I had a "Who Dat" fried oyster poboy and tater tots. However, the girl taking orders was unbelievably rude and even used profanities while walking past our table. When trying to pay, I asked if they had Samsung Pay available to make it easy. Her response was "I think you need to go to a more yuppie place if you expect that, not some hole in the wall in New Orleans." She wears glasses and has a tattoo on the left arm, but wasn't wearing a nametag and didn't identify her name to us. The table behind us simply asked when their food would be ready and she rudely responded that the rest of their order had to be fulfilled before it would be brought up. Completely reasonable, except when passing by our table to go check on the food she muttered "fucking bitches" and was visibly angry in the back of the restaurant. Needless to say noone in the restaurant that afternoon will be back and other patrons were talking about her attitude out front of the restaurant with us. It is a shame such a nice restaurant was ruined by one employee.Let me start by saying ...YOU WANT FANCY ? GO SOMEWHERE ELSE !this place is great , i love the local shop . A PO'Boy is not fancy ,,,, It is just delicious.Food was great and there was a minor issue with my order and the staff over compensated for it. Would definitely eat here again!Eating a meal here was quite simply one of the defining experiences of my trip to New Orleans. After perusing the menu for longer than it should have taken me, I asked if they could make a po boy sandwich with both catfish and shrimp. They said no problem and, without too much of a wait, I soon had in front of me one of the greatest sandwiches I have ever eaten. Seriously, you can not get this perfect combination of seafood and toppings stuffed into one of the most amazing french rolls you will ever find anywhere else around. This winning combination is absolutely unbeatable. I'm sure there are people who would tell me how other places in New Orleans have better po' boys and I'm sure they may be right, but this was one of only two that I had the pleasure of experiencing during my trip and it definitely lived up to all the hype.I stumbled in here by mistake only because I was wandering the French Quarter and it started pouring, since I was hungry I spotted this placed and dashed inside.  It was empty and while I try to never judge a book by its cover, I really should have taken a second look.
I ordered a shrimp and oyster po'boy with tator tots, they were out of the tots so I had the sweet potato fries instead.  I opened up my sandwich and it was bursting with fried shrimp and oysters.  The first thing I did was grabbed a shrimp and stuffed it in my mouth, gag it had a horrible taste.  I thought maybe it was just me.
So I ate the oyster half of my sandwich which was delicious and the sweet potato fries were awesome, had I stopped there this place would have gotten a 5 star.  However I took a bite of the shrimp side of my sandwich and again it was nasty, the shrimp was rancid.  
I was planning at that point to return the sandwich and explain it was bad but while I was sitting there they obviously had a staff change and the rain stopped and I really was in no mood to deal with it, so I just left.  
The reason im giving them only 1 star is because there is NO EXCUSE for bad shrimp in NOLA.  There is just no excuse for it.  
Would I give them a second chance, possibly but there are so many awesome places to eat in New Orleans, why bother...I have been wanting a po' boy stuffed to the max! I finally found this beautiful gem and man I was H-A-P-P-Y! My fiancé and I had a "split decision" not on the menu but a 12 inch po'boy his side was shrimp and mine was oyster. My inner fat girl dos a 180 twirl, kick flip, then landed in splits! I'll leave it at that!NOLA Poboys was very very disappointing. We saw that this place had good reviews, but after going there, I don't see why people rated it so highly. The service was very slow and the food was terrible. This was our first New Orleans restaurant, and it was quite honestly a terrible introduction. We ordered the alligator Poboy, fried oyster Poboy, and the jambalaya. The Poboys were cold and soggy, and the jambalaya was subpar - tasted like it came out of a can. The restaurant itself was very dirty and not well maintained. Throughout our trip to New Orleans, we tasted much better New Orleans food and realized that NOLA Poboys should not be a point of destination at all. Hopefully they can improve soon.Best poboy I've had in N.O. Spicy crawfish with extra Crystals for good measure. Definitely planning to visit again on my next trip.Good spicy batter on the fried shrimp, but the wait seemed unreasonably long.  Odd convenience store items for purchase.Chicken Hamburger is plastic. Very bad quality. My friends liked the other food though, that's why putting 3 stars otherwise would be 2This place has so many dank options it was hard to decide! Choose the fried shrimp po boy and instantly ate it. It was phenomenal and we will have to go back. Service was excellent as well. Don't waste your time at any other place!This place is one of the worst restaurants I have had in New Orleans. Upon sitting down, the tables were not cleaned. They seemed to have some sticky substance on the that was left over from the previous customer. I ordered the alligator poboy and the bread was not fresh, was not hot, and seemed to be frozen. The lettuce was not fresh and I will be giving them the benefit of the doubt that I even ate alligator. The wait for the food was also very long (23 minutes to be exact). The food is very pricy for why it is actually worth. I genuinely wish them the best of luck in their improvement.I've gotta be honest, this was my first poboy ever, so I really don't know how to write a fair review about one.  I got the shrimp poboy and it was good. Spicy like they say, full of shrimp; definitely no disappointment there.  I wasn't really a fan of the bread, it tasted old, but I ate it anyway.  I ordered a side of onion rings, of which they give you an incredible amount of, but they were burnt. I wish I had taken a picture because they were nearly black.   Service was pleasant but it took forever for the food to come out.   I suppose it's worth checking out.Cat fish Po Boy was packed with fish. No frills just descent food at descent prices. Plenty of seating for a Bourbon street shop to refuel and head back out. Selection is impressive with bread bun or giant rolls.Fantastic, authentic PoBoys!! A huge menu, of more than just PoBoys! Yum! The service is wonderful. They treat ya like family!!Super super super good! Very friendly staff and a great variety of things on the menu. 
If you're looking for quality food at a good value, it's here. 
Great flavor and authentic NOLA food.If you are hungry & in New Orleans this should definitely be you stop for lunch! The selection was honestly overwhelming if you aren't familiar with the po-boy but the staff is helpful & will make a suggestion. I honestly don't remember the name of my po-boy but it was packed with fried shrimp, oysters, & gumbo. Great choice!Decided it was time for a shrimp po boy. The sign at the counter warns you that they are spicy and you can take the milder version or kick it up a notch.
I ordered the fried shrimp po boy sat down and within 10 minutes it arrived. Mind you its 97degrees today with a severe weather warning till Monday night. The po boy and the heat in this place had me sweating.
None the less the seasonings from the po boy were great, spicy, flavorful and fresh shrimp.
The place is a lil run down however your on bourbon street not like sprucing up the joint is going to do much. You're their for the food not the atmosphere. 
The ladies running the place are sweet.This was my first experience having a po boy and I am blown away. It was spectacular. Had the oyster po boy. Def worth the couple extra bucks and had a great kick! So yummy! I would highly recommend!Best po boys on bourbon. Takes time to get them but well worth it. And the boudan balls were amazing.My husband and I were in New Orleans for 1 day. With our 1 day we decided to try as many Bourbon Street restaurants as humanly possible. 
We started with NOLA Po-Boys, and by far it was our favorite. I honestly wish we would have just eaten an entire meal here! 
The menu is packed full of options. We decided on sharing the shrimp po'boy on a bun. This was exactly the New Orleans style flavors we spent the rest of the day searching for.
The shrimp were friend and crisp, not greasy. The spice level was fantastic; there was heat but it didn't over power the flavors. 
Not sure if I will ever visit Bourbon Street again... but if I do, I'm not going to waste my time trying every restaurant. I'm going straight to NOLA Po-Boys!This place is FANTASTIC! Food is amazing and staff is great. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it was very slow getting our food.Got a delivery at the Erin Rose. Food was great. Took about 30 min but tasted great!! And heck they deliver to the bar!!! Can't beat that!
Ordered the shrimp PoboyBest Po-boys AND tator tots in town. I had the fried crawfish and my husband had the deyat with fried crawfish and bisque. The deyat was so messy and good that my husband's wedding ring fell off. The ring sat on the floor for four hours until we called looking for it. Nicole remarkably saw it and saved it for us to pick up. She could have easily taken it but she didn't. Thumbs up to a very kind person.We were starving and went in to this place while on bourbon street. Was one of the cheaper bites on the street but was still twice what u would pay anywhere else...prob bc of the location. Was just ok...shrimp breading good...bread was chewy. Two stars for sriracha! I would say avoid....its just another tourist trap...The shrimp on the PoBoy was great, the bread was not what I was expecting. It was recommended because the "right" french bread. Jambalaya was pretty good. Sevice was really good. If you want the "right" bread you've got to head out to Guy's, but in a pinch this place will do.Yummy and excellent waitress.  Had the Chicken Alfredo  Cajun pasta best I've had in years!!Overrated and overpriced. This is a place designed to prey on tourists who will be fooled into thinking it is a legit "hole in the wall" where the food is great despite the humble appearance. We couldn't have been more mistaken. The food was extremely mediocre and the meal was way too expensive at 36 dollars for two 8 inch po boys with fries and two drinks, plus tip.
We were out of Dallas and we ordered the Dat Ya (fried shrimp and gumbo) and the pot roast po boy. 
The Dat Ya was okay but for 12.99 I expected a little more shrimp. 
We got the hot pot roast po boy on recommendation. It was basically inedible. Lukewarm, soggy, and drenched in an over thick creamy gravy made this sandwich the worst thing we had eaten by far all weekend. 
When the waitress came by to ask why we left the entire thing still sitting on the table, I said it wasn't very good, and she just kinda shrugged and walked off, which was disappointing. 
The only redeeming thing was the fries. But let's be honest, it's hard to mess up fried potatoes. 
Skip this place, get better food and service elsewhere.There's a million poboy places to try in New Orleans but for me, Nola Poboys stood out because they had smothered versions. We ordered both the "who dat" and "da yat" with shrimp. The "who dat" was covered in their bisque while the "da yat" was covered in gumbo, which were the two main reasons why we visited this place for poboys out of all the places I yelped. The sandwiches did not disappoint and tasted so good. It may not be your traditional style poboys because they were smothered with gumbo and bisque, but it was definitely a place to visit for delectable sandwiches.Ate there two nights ago and can attest that all of the raves posted here about the food are correct. The actual setting is very basic. The outside sign reads NOLA Poboy Convenience Store and the inside reflects that, but the food is what this place is about anyway. Had the Ya Dat oyster poboy on a bun, the crawfish kickers and the fried okra. The oysters were fried perfectly and the gumbo addition to the sandwich transformed it above any other poboy I have ever had. The kickers were a smooth blast of crawfish that was perfectly balanced and the okra was crisp and fresh. As they state, all of there fried food is spicy but not overwhelmingly so. Just a warning that their portions are huge and very filling. It doesn't take long before your tastebuds keep screaming yes, but your stomach is yelling no. If you are looking for a poboy that rises above all the rest, this is the place to go. Will definately return the next time we are on Bourban street.Classic NOLA po boys. They have multiple options from classic shrimp to fried oysters and fried crawfish. They also have an amazing crawfish pot pie type thing that looks like an empanada.Killer Po'Boys ran out of food so we hoofed it to NOLA PO-Boys and ordered the boudin balls, fried oyster and fried alligator sandwiches. The seasoning in the breading is super delicious and slightly spicy. The bread is run-of-the-mill white bread, nothing exceptional there. The sandwich fixin's are tolerable but nothing spectacular. That being said the meats are superb. Perfectly breaded, not over fried, and seemingly high-quality. For this reason, I skipped on all the fluff and just ate my fried alligator meat. Super yum and somehow less guilt-inducing than inhaling the whole sandwich. Boudin balls were good but I, admittedly, don't have a decent comparison point. Overall, a solid experience but nothing extraordinary.A lot of drunk tourists think this place serves good po boys, and I wish I could take them all to Tracey's to show them what a good po boy is! If you are thinking about stopping by Nola's for a po boy because they get 4 stars here on yelp, let me save you the disappointment. This place looks like a good place for a traditional po boy, so I ordered the traditional roast beef po boy and gravy fries. It wasn't busy, but it still took twenty minutes to get our food, but the real disappointment was not the wait for but rather the arrival of our food.. The "roast beef" was actually cheap, pressed gelatinous deli pack meat topped with thick canned gravy. The whole thing tasted remarkably like Alpo on French bread, especially since my "hot" sandwich was cold. The fries were topped with the same terrible gravy, but I wouldn't have eaten the cold, over fried season fries in any event. So, my girlfriend and I left our sandwiches on the table and left, making this experience essential forty bucks for a couple Barq's and some dog food on French bread. Definitely won't be back, no matter how drunk I get!True love in a sandwich.
NOLA Poorboys is always my first stop after arriving in New Orleans. Located in the French quarter on Bourbon Street and open late it's a great way to start , refuel or end your Bourbon Street activities. 
The place is a rustic looking shack design with really cool music posters stuck on the ceiling. The menu is huge with Poorboys of all types and all the starters and sides you can ask for. 
We got 4 Poorboys the fried shrimp, the 
Di-bris pot roast, the "Who Dat" fried oysters smothered with gumbo and the "Why Dat" smothered in bisque.
These were all dressed in mayo, lettuce, tomato and pickles. The shrimp was fresh tender and crunchy. The same with the oysters. The gumbo and bisque were out of this world good. Our table was split on which was better but I give the edge to the  bisque. Next time I might just get a bowl to dip in. 
I have to give special props to the Di-bris pot roast. Omg so good. Di-bris or debris means slow cooked meat so tender that the  pieces of meat the fall off a roast beef into the bottom of the pan and roast swimming in its own garlicky, rich, roux-thickened gravy. This is a messy but worth it sandwich. You will want the large one don't waste time on the small bun.wow !! such and amazing place to eat!! excellent customer service .. we will visit again 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10Get the specialty po boy. It's shrimp and crawfish et. It was the first place we went to and we've been comparing every place else to it. It's surprisingly good and good prices for how much you get.So freakin' good! I couldn't believe that we were able to find such good food on Bourbon Street. I got a traditional roast beef poboy and the gravy was delicious, but the hands down winner was definitely the boudin! Great spot to eat and am looking forward to going back.Mind blowing po boys on bourbon street. When they say spicy, they mean it. The shrimp po boy was absolute perfection. If you are stumbling home from Lafittes, this makes a perfect stop.Legitimately one of the best meals I've ever eaten in my life. Had the fried shrimp po'boy and seafood gumbo. Amazing flavor and spice. I would come back in a secondI found this place after a quick desperation yelp search not expecting any half decent poboy options while on Bourbon street... When I found this place and saw all the great reviews I was skeptical but brought some friends to try and we were blown away! Unfortunately they were out of the bread but we were able to get ours on toast which was not ideal but the amazingness of their food was still very evident. 
Our group tried the da Yat, which was insane (fried shrimp or oyster poboy smothered in gumbo), The crawfish poboy, grilled chicken poboy and dabris fries (fries with gravy, cheese and shredded pot roast). The spiciness of the fry batter was fantastic and we devoured our food. The next day my friends, being in a drunken stupor the night before, were convinced their level of intoxication was misleading them about how great the meal was but having had only one drink myself that night I told them it was really that good. It was so good that we all went back with my parents that night and devoured more from the menu. It also helped that they hadn't run out of bread the second night so we got the full on poboy experience :-) 
The only complaint I could make is that the grilled chicken poboys seem to take quite a while to come out as those held up our order both nights but in general the wait was as expected and not too long for the other stuff. Also I thought the staff both nights were super friendly and helpful explaining a couple menu items to me (as I'm not a local).I'll give them the customer service. Very good. Butt what a disappointment on all levels. Clearly told the waitress we didn't want anything sweet but she gave us 2 drinks that were hella sweet. Crab claws were absolutely outstanding and definitely deserving all the hype. But everything else was super bland. Burger, shrimp and grits, and jambalaya all so disappointing. I may try this place one more time to see why all the good reviewsSOOOOOOOOOOO GOOOOOOD. If you wanna be blown away, get the who dat fried shrimp poboy. The line moves pretty fast and there's a lot of seating towards the back so maybe don't not go in if it looks too crowdedUgh. So, I'm sitting here, waiting for the corrected veggie patty po boy my we ordered. The first one came out with completely freezer burned hockey pucks (they were really hard). It took FOREVER to get our food in the first place, at least 45 minutes.
On the plus side, the tater tots were really hot out of the fryer and the Pattons spicy sausage patty po boy was decent. It ran $32 for the two 8" sandwiches, 2 bottles of water and a candy bar. It should be noted that tax in NOLA is more than 10%. 
The lady was nice when she realized we were still waiting, but it was literally 1 hour 20 minutes after we showed up that she went to follow up on the corrected sandwich. We arrived on a quiet Friday night (it was cold) at about 10:30pm (there was a little rush when we arrived, but it thinned out) and we haven't left yet...it's 11:54pm. 
One final comment - we left without EVER being given the supposedly remade po boy. Sadness.The place has poboy in its name. The food was good. If you didn't want anything fried spicy you have to order it Yankee style. I ordered the Catfish 16" poboy. It was a bit pricy. There was very little seating and I had to go to a back area for additional seating.Great sandwiches at a very reasonable price for Bourbon St. The bread was very good. I had the fried shrimp "Cursing Murray" style and it was very spicy as the menu said. Loved it. She got the fried oyster. Hers was regular style but that is still fairly spicy. More pickles would have made it better but all in all it was a fantastic sandwich.I asked the girl working what the most popular Po Boy was and she said the "Where 'yat" so i got that with fried shrimp and it was fantastic. I would have to move to New Orleans in order to try every sandwhich on their extensive menu but i assume they are all the bomb. I had a couple other po boys around town so i have a basis of comparison and it beat those completely. This place cares about your Po Boy!Best Shrimp Poboy we had! Don't get the looks of place turn you off (almost did for me), was definitely worth it!Me and my friend got the seafood platter to split. We sent it back the shrimp and catfish lacked flavor just breading.The crust on the shrimp and crawfish was a nice spicy! If I visit NOLA again l, I'm definitely coming back to have the fried crawfish.We stopped to get authentic Po Boys and got just that!! Service was friendly and chatty. Finished our meal with some local ice cream.. look for ho.e cooked authentic food you will not be disappointed!!This place isn't on a lively block of Bourbon Street but it's not far from the action. Looks like it's been around for awhile. My sister and I ordered a 12" fried shrimp poboy to share and some specialty bottled sodas, Southern Peach Ginger Ale and Bourbon Cream Soda. The menu warns you that all their fried food is spicy. You can get a mild version, Yankee, and I think they offer a more spicy version which I don't remember what they called that. They have booths in the front of the shop and more in the back. Old taped up booths. Nothing fancy. As long as the food is good, who cares. Food took about 10-15 minutes to come out. At first glance it seemed like more lettuce than anything else on it, but once you bite it there's a good portion of all the ingredients. The fried shrimp were tasty and spicy. Not ridiculously spicy, so it was tolerable. The standard toppings were lettuce, mayo, and tomatoes but we would take a bite and get a random pickle or a piece of okra. Also, they're light on the mayo but it worked. They have mayo, ketchup, spices, and hot sauces on the table so you can add what you want. We enjoyed the sandwich. It was our first NOLA poboy and we were pleased. I would recommend trying.This is a must for anyone that likes a little spice in your food!   Absolutely delicious!!!  Don't miss this one!If you like spicy food, get the curse Murray spicy stuff. Super awesome. Had the fried catfish po-boy and a side salad. Very good. Come here, seriously. It's a nice clean place on bourbon street.Catfish grilled poboy was ok.. the fries were kind of greasy. A good place to grab fast food on bourbon street.The first time I had NOLA Po-Boys it was 2am and a worker was handing out samples. In that moment, I knew I had to get my hands on a full-sized Po-Boy. I went for the spicy catfish, fried okra, and boudain balls. Everything was great and also fresh which is awesome for that late at night. I am so happy they opened a location in Houston off of HWY 6, so I can get my NOLA Poboys fix a lot easier now.The po boys are spicy and filling. The place is pretty small so o recommend getting it to goThe big woman covered in tattoos was very unwelcoming. Didn't greet me and was very cold. She did the same to my fiancé who came in after me. I would have ordered more, but I was not going to give my money to someone who treated me like a bother. Got two shrimp po boys. They were good but not spectacular. Surely not worth the coldness from someone who seems to loathe her life and job. Plenty of other places with good food in NOLA. I'll take my money elsewhere.After walking forever done bourban street we came across the famous hole in the wall! They had everything our hearts desired etoufee, red beans, and po boys! Food was amazing! Service was excellent! Def a New Orleans favorite.This place is my favorite in the French Quarter. Their Poboys are beyond delicious. They are out of this world. They have great varieties. Simply dressed. Note: All fried food is spicy.Open late on weekends, soooo it saved me from starvation! That's a good start. 
On to the food, HUGE PORTIONS! I ended up splitting my poboy with a friend because it was just too much for me to eat. (Ordered the shrimp and added a few extra toppings.) It was pretty tasty. I can say I enjoyed it more than the poboy from Cajun, but my friend said Gene's was def better. Something about the bread. lol But, if you're in the french quarter, this is definitely a good choice. Won't disappoint and you'll prevent a serious hangover!! :)The only reason why this restaurant is lacking a star is because of its location and the salt. Everybody who cooks knows that the best way to bring out a flavor is with salt but sometimes you can go a bit overboard. This was the case with my grilled shrimp. It would honestly go better on a sandwich with cucumber or another vegetable to calm it down. Over all delicious and good for tourists that head straight to bourbon street. Highly recommended!If you want to wait an hour for a poboy. Come here. Untrained unprofessional staff . 550 positive reviews?? Bullsh!tGreat place to grab lunch. My advice is to skip the appetizers altogether and spend your cash on a larger sandwich. The oyster po' boy was great. If you're hungry, go for a 12' fried shrimp who dat. The shrimp are smothered in seafood bisque. There's another option to smother your po' boy in gumbo and while the regular fry batter isn't crazy hot you can get mild (called yankee- btw suck it) or very hot batter.  However, if you eat in, stick to the front of the shop. The back is just skeevey- greasy floors, dirty/rundown seating and the restroom is a health hazard. Hell of a sandwich though!Delicious!!!!!! Had the who dat po boy with fried shrimp and their crawfish bisque and I have to say it was amazing the best I've had so far on vacation. It was quite messy but the flavor was totally worth it. 5 stars!So good, I did it twice. This place looks like the food is good. You ever walked in somewhere and decided on the spot that someone in the kitchen knows what they are doing? Yeah. That's this place. 
Friendly counter service with an expansive if not overwhelming chalk menu. A fried food connoissuer like myself was comfortable the options. My Californian compadres however required a bit of assistance that the young lady was happy to provide. They're kind to the Yankees here. 
When your made to order food has arrived, a gentleman (presumably the head chef) comes to the counter and shouts your name for pick up. It's simple yet effective system. The service here is straightforward, but friendly.
The food was hot, fresh and tasty. AND SPICY! But who goes to Louisiana for bland food? "Not I", said the cat. Throw some hot sauce on your shrimp, or your gator, or your catfish and enjoy some of the best food available to tourists on Bourbon.Stumbled upon this place late at night after our arrival into NOLA. All the restaurants along Bourbon st were packed. We were all starving. This is a hole in the wall place but they had the best Po'Boys ever! I had the beef po'boy. Only the 6 inch and it was way more than I could eat. Service was slow but I think they were short staffed. Food was definately worth the wait!!!The most tastiest thing I've had in the French quarter since I've been here. Shrimp po boy, and as they state on the menu all fried items Are Spicy.It's a little bit pricey but worth every penny!  I had the fried shrimp PoBoy and the best beans and rice ever.  Very nice and cozy sitdown area and will definitely stop by again..!I was visiting New Orleans so I put the healthy eating on hold and decided to take advantage of the French Quarter's offerings. I had to have some great seafood. My first two stops were quite honestly disappointing.
I checked Yelp and read the reviews for NOLA Po Boys and I decided to check it out with some friends. We were all happy with our choice. The prices are relatively cheap, the portions are large and the seasoning was intense. The original is spicy. Unless you are from New Orleans, it will be spicy. The oyster basket was delicious, but it was very spicy. The 'Yankee' seasoning is more to my liking and it was still delicious, that's what I ordered when I went back and ordered a shrimp basket.
I would highly recommend NOLA Po Boys as a place to stop and get some seafood. Both of the people working the counter (1 was the owner I believe) were friendly and helpful.These poboys are delicious!!!  My friend and I walked all the way down Bourbon St. on a quest specifically to get them.  We had the fried shrimp poboy, fried crawfish poboy, and crawfish bisque.  Everything is fresh and cooked to order.  Very casual atmosphere and seating is sparce.  Get it to go and eat it by the Riverwalk!!!  You won't regret it!!!We ordered the softshell crab poboy and it was delicious.  The staff and the manager are very friendly and we even got free onion rings.  The food is very tasty and the price is very reasonable.Great po-poy! Got the fried shrimp one on a bun. The fried items are spicy but for a girl who loves the heat it wasn't that hot for me.  It was very flavorful though. And there's a selection of hot sauces to choose from at your table.  They are very generous with the shrimp!!
It's a pretty casual type of place with cool photos on the walls.. all about New Orleans.  The service is decent,  employees kinda lukewarm.  But they were a bit preoccupied with the weather and possible flooding so I won't hold it against them.Good food on Bourbon, and while it wasn't cheap it was reasonable considering its location and the size of the sandwiches. My boyfriend and I got the shrimp poboy and roasted beef poboy (warm). Both were great and a TON of food. The roast beef was the messiest thing I've ever seen, and fried shrimp were falling out of my sandwich bc it was so stuffed. 
Overall nice service and I got my poboy fix!Hungry?!? Better not be too hungry!! Because your food will not get to you for a decade! Like seriously? If this is the case on a Wednesday night I wonder what happens on the weekends!Don't believe the hype. Way busy and they get the orders wrong bc it's so busy. The food was ok. They ran out of food. Had shrimp po boy and salad (don't order the salad it's nothing to write out). We ordered more but they didn't put it in. SighYum.  Great food, however, be aware of "market price".  Two crayfish po'boy's, a bag of chips and one soft drink....$39.00!!!!This our favorite PoBoy place in the touristy party of NOLA. It's just outside of the best of Bourbon so it's a bit quieter, which is another plus.Delicious, messy,  but delicious!
Had  a beef sandwich! Loved it
Husband has a fried shrimp sandwich and loved it too. 
Nice location and interesting interior. Loved the photographs of New Orleans on the wall.On my recent visit to New Orleans we definitely had a lot of good food options. NOLA Poboys was our stop for a small lunch to keep us going until dinner. I was amazed by how delicious the food in this local little Poboy shop was. I had the foot long barbecue shrimp poboy and split it with my girlfriend. I immediately regretted only having a half because it was amazing. Also the employee was very friendly and helped with recommendations. You must check this place. Whether for lunch or even dinner. You will not regret it.The food here is simple but delicious.  The fried shrimp poboy and chicken andouille gumbo had great flavor.  The food is a little pricey but then again it is Bourbon Street. Gumbo was $10ish and the 8" Poboy was $15ish.  Very casual atmosphere.Yum!!!!! One of my favorite places in New Orleans. Great Jambalaya and Awesome Chicken Salad! Really everything we have tried there is good and always consistent. Staff is very friendly as well.Ran across this spot during the red dress run and was pleasantly surprised at how damn delicious these poboys are ... Seasoned extremely well and nice and spicy. The bisque is not worth it... A bit on the bland side... It's a poboy place so I'd stick to thatExcellent po'boy (had the shrimp one with spicy gumbo in the sandwich). Very tasty and filling. Didn't think po'boys would be that expensive (like 14 dollars?), but I guess that's the going rate. Seating area in the back was kinda dirty and the food took a little while to get.  They also ran out of red beans and rice before we got there (around 11:30 on a Saturday), which was pretty weird I thought.They don't sell beer. Still open late. Good food. Ok prices and nice funky atmosphereHoly Smokes!! What an incredible place to stumble upon. We had the shrimp and catfish po'boys with an order of fries and it was AMAZING!! We ordered the bun sandwiches which were jusssst enough. When we were headed back out of town, we picked up sandwiches not the way to the airport and I ignorantly ordered the 12 inch po'boys. They are ginormous...unless you're sharing with someone else OR you have an unusually large appetite (no judgment!), stick with the bun or 8 inches...order ahead if you're picking up. Yummy!Great location on bourbon street but at the very tip so it is away from the ratchetness. Still, drunk people flock to this place for the ultimate drunchy remedy, the po boy. Staff was friendly although they were packed Late Friday night the weekend of jazz fest but they kept their calm and treated every customer with respect. They warned us that it is a 20 minute wait but it definitely did not take that long. I got the 8 in pulled pork po boy. It was my first time eating a po boy since I am from out of town, and at first I did not understand what made it so different from any other sandwich. As I chowed down, I realized the bread is very light but crunchy, which provided a nice contrast in texture from the pulled pork. Great first introduction to po boys.Service was prompt and very welcoming. Fried Shrimp Po boy was great, bread a little hard (toasted) - recently had stitches in my mouth so it hurt to eatPo Boy's good, but the Boudin is amazing. I wish there's boudin in Vancouver now.Murray, Thanks so much for checking on our review. We were down from NC for thanksgiving and i wanted to give my daughter a taste of my childhood on the coast with a poboy. The ambience was great but with the amount of signage in your bourbon street location your spice warning was lost. Normally i love some some good ole Tabasco seasoning but your straight cayenne was a little over the top. I just would suggest a little more training with the staff and the new hires you are advertising for at that location!Finger licking good-- ate half at the place and finished the rest at home. Popped it into the toaster oven, it was just as good when it came out fresh. The woman at the counter asked if we liked it spicy and of course I said yes. She did not disappoint.Shrimp and crawfish poboys were good. Wife really wishes she would have got hers mild. They warn you the come spicy and they were correct. I liked mine spicy. Nothing fancy but good.went here for takeout and was pretty surprised at how good the poboys were since it's on bourbon street and all. the fried oysters were bangin' too. great and freshly made food, but a bit pricier than other places. i was also super impressed by how nice and quick the staff were, and also the fact that they innovatively cut open a hole on the takeout box for the fries to make sure they didn't get soggy--so clever!My boyfriend and I came here last night after flying in because we saw that it had good reviews and we were looking for a quick dinner. 
I have to say the girl that took our order seemed like she could care less about everything. I asked for her opinion on what she would recommend between two items and she just seemed so uninterested in what I had to say. 
I ordered the fried catfish platter with fries and my boyfriend ordered the fried shrimp poboy sandwich. 
I felt like my catfish was pretty average. Definitely not as tasty as I expected. My boyfriends shrimp poboy tasted better but his sandwich was stuffed with lettuce.In love! Super huge, super delicious po'boys. Love the atmosphere inside the place and the friendly staff. I got the Who Dat with fried shrimp topped by gumbo - amazing!! Because my eyes were bigger than my stomach I also got red beans and rice which were SO good. I tried my friend's poboy too which was roast beef topped with bisque (I think?) which was awesome.
Recommended!Walked down bourbon street and i found this place. Ordered the catfish poboy! This was sooooo good. I had eaten at several sit down restaurants, and by far i liked this place much more. It was spicy, but a tasty spicy. I would definitely come backThe Who Dat Poboy was delicious! It had a nice amount of spice but could be very spicy for some people. The bisque on top counteracts the spice so I thought it was a perfect balance. It's a must try!Best Po boys hands down! I was visiting this past weekend and tried 5 different po boy restaurants and they did not compare.Don't let the Bourbon St. address fool you - NOLA is the real deal.
My girlfriend and I came here on a weekend trip to N'awlins recently for the simple reason that Johnny's Po Boys was out of commission - I had remembered Johnny's as THE classic po boy spot from a previous trip to the city, but they were closed for renovations, so we decided to give NOLA a try instead.
A note for the uninitiated - a po boy is simply a sandwich.  In fact, it's the most bare bones type of sandwich you're likely to find - a hunk of crusty bread with some kind of meat or seafood is all it takes to qualify as an authentic po boy (lettuce, tomato, gravy, mustard, or hot sauce are optional).  My girlfriend went with the fried shrimp version with medium spice, while I tried the gator po boy served extra spicy.
Here's where things got real.  NOLA offers three levels of spice - "Yankee" (a.k.a. mild), regular, which I assume is already pretty spicy, and "cursing Murray in the morning" (Murray being the chef - a.k.a. extra spicy).  Coming from Michigan, I took the "Yankee" designation as a challenge, and so I went with "cursing Murray."  For reference, I like my food to be extremely spicy.  Thai food, for example, just isn't right to me unless I'm sweating like a barnyard animal and my nose is running.  But this was something else.  Damn good, but HOT.  Maybe I figured I could handle anything Louisiana has to offer, as most Cajun/Creole food doesn't really seem all that spicy to me.  Maybe it was the fact that I drenched my sides of fried okra and boudin balls in Crystal in addition to slamming down this insane po boy.  But man, it was spicy as hell.  I didn't realize just how spicy until the next day, when I woke up with chapped, cracked lips.  Yes, the spiciness of the fried gator actually chapped my lips (and I was indeed cursing Murray that morning).
With all that said, the food was great and totally worth my later discomfort.  Just be warned - they are not screwing around when it comes to heat!  All in all, NOLA is plenty good as a touristy French Quarter option, and it'll be hard to choose between this and Johnny's next time I'm in town.Best poboy I ever had, and I think my boyfriend felt the same. We got the shrimp and sweet potato poboys and were stuffed. It was our first day in NOLA for a wedding weekend and we were very excited to be in this vibrant city. He got a local brew that he loved, and the poboys were eaten within a couple minutes.This was our first poboy in New Orleans and maybe ever.... they have a huge menu if options to choose from on a giant chalk board when you walk in.  I chose the spicy one that had shrimp topped with gumbo on a bun instead of the french bread.  For me the gumbo overpowered the sandwich.  
My husband had the traditional shrimp on the french bread and his was much better.  Pretty good amount of shrimp on the sandwich which I like to see, each sandwich was around $13.  
A great place to have a poboy, huge menu selection and variety of choices.20 Jul 2014, 12:00p
I was looking for an authentic New Orleans po boy while in town and this place and Killer Poboys popped up on Yelp.  I checked the menu at Killer since they change it often and nothing caught my eye so NOLA Po-boys won my business.
The restaurant itself is nothing remarkable.  There are tables crowding the front area and I understand there are more behind the counter, but it wasn't busy and it was starting to sprinkle so I decided to order to go.  The chalkboard menu above the counter is a bit daunting, but after studying it for a few minutes, I noticed there is an order to the list.
I decided on a:
Fried Crawfish Po-Boy 12"
It wasn't cheap at $15+ after tax, but it's not something I order regularly and I was hungry, so I splurged.  I walked about 15 minutes back to my hotel and the breading on the crawfish had gotten just slightly soggy and the lettuce was slightly wilted, but this was one DAMN GOOD SANDWICH!
I was quite hungry so I finished the entire thing, but I think an 8" would probably be sufficient on future visits.  The crawfish was plentiful and the star of the lo-boy, but I had gotten everything, so there was lettuce and tomato in it as well.
If ever back in New Orleans, I will definitely visit NOLA Po-boys again.I am a native New Orleanian who moved out but come back from time to time to visit.  This place has some truly authentic, spicy, delicious, STUFFED poboys.  Don't go anywhere else for your seafood poboys.  The shrimp was good, the oyster was good, and the soft hell crab was good.   EVERYTHING was good!Awesome service and delicious PO boys!! If you like a spicy fried PO boy this is the place to go!I ate there this evening with my father.  We got right in that was a plus however it was loud but it was st paddy's day. Food, I ordered the Cajun fettuccine it was a 4 of 8. Somewhat tasty but didn't capture the essence I was looking for. The portion size was a joke I've seen other restaurants give far more for far less. My fathers gumbo tasted watered down lacking any seasoning. The server Jessica knew her stuff and was very proficient. Thank youThis place had pretty good Poboys and is in a great location. However, the food took a long time to come out (30 minutes for 2 Poboys) so come only if you are not in a hurry! They had awesome sweet potato fries!The crawfish poboy, shrimp poboy and seafood gumbo was delicious. We enjoyed the service and atmosphere. The fried food is spicy but don't worry, if you don't like spice you can get the yankee (mild). Nola Poboys has a variety of items on the menu so you will definitely find something that you will like.Mkay so I just want you to know these 4 stars are coming from someone who hates seafood, so it's kind of a big deal lol. I had the fried shrimp poboy and it was pretty damn good. It was just crunchy enough to take away from the weird texture of shrimp, and just spicy enough for my tongue to tolerate the taste of seafood. Two thumbs up guys! Full review on my blog :) http://ciao-chicago.com/nola-poboys/The BF and I had a shrimp and catfish po-boy. It was okay, but not anything over the top. I just couldn't really enjoy my food because of the dirtyness in this establishment  and most importantly the super sketchy people coming from the kitchen. This one guy really looked like he was an avid drug user with pick marks all over his arms and face. Was he making my food? I sure hope he wasn't, but who knows....and thus I couldn't enjoy my food.This place has terrible service!!! Went in and tried to use the bathroom as we were waiting to order. The owner rudely told me that restrooms were for customers only. I said that we were planning to order but he continued to rudely ignore me. I was simply looking for a place to eat at this hour, I can easily tell you this isn't the place. Find yourself a place with better service and a friendlier atmosphere. New Orleans is full of great places with good service and this isn't one of them. Move along!Oh. My. Gosh. What a sandwich. I dont feel right just calling it a sandwich, because its so much more. That po(or) boy took me to a place that so far, I've only achieved in the bed room. Get the surf and turf. Dress it up. Then undress it.Probably the best sandwich I've had in New Orleans. Huge and delicious, just what you want a po boy to be. Definitely get what you pay forStumbled upon this place our first night in New Orleans and glad we did.  They are open late so enjoyed a shrimp po boy and seafood gumbo after a night of drinking.  The shrimp po boy was very good but spicy (when they say all of their food is spicy they're not kidding).  I would probably request it not spicy if I were to have it again.  I don't really recall if the seafood gumbo was any good, but I do remember it taking an awfully long time for it to come out.  Made a second trip here right when they opened at 11:00am on a Tuesday so my husband could get the fried catfish po boy for the plane ride home.It's a five star for a wonderful place to eat and relax. Doesn't hurt to have a discount for those who are LE, too. 
  The front cashier really goes out of her way to make you have a good experience. In addition, she is attentive of what goes on in the restaurant. She noticed my commission without saying "we offer discount to military and law enforcement;" she was just attentive and just gave us the discount. A very pleasant surprise and most gratefully appreciated 
  Regarding the food: we really like that they tell you that their batter is spicy and that before you order you better understand and know what you want. However, the do give mulligans to first timers.