Went to Nole' for something a little different than the normal New Orlean's cuisine. It did not disappoint! Mexican dishes with New Orlean's flair. Our waitress, Kelsey, was amazing, genuinely friendly and had great suggestions. We started with the blue crab street corn, an absolute must if you visit Nole'. For entrees we had the oyster tacos, so good, and the fried chicken fajitas. I wouldn't really call them fajitas, but I would call it some of the best fried chicken I've ever had, so crispy on the outside, yet the meat was so juicy you could just pull it off the bone. Would definitely return to Nolé next time I visit!!!I have high hopes for this place. The nachos were good and the drinks were awesome. I recommend the green chile mule. The carnita and fried oyster tacos were delicious.Excellent food and service!  To tell you how perfectly seasons the food is: my husband, who salts everything, did not even LOOK for salt!  My chicken mole was awesome!  The guacamole with the smoked pecans on top was great (and we're from Texas).  Our waiter was terrific, even running out to the street after us with the umbrella I had forgotten!  I only wish I could remember his name; he was fantastic!  We will tell all our NOLA friends to come by and try!Pros: the design of the space is really lovely, and service was excellent. Cons: the salsas and guacamole are not fresh, the Mex-NOLA fusion doesn't work very well. All great Mexican restaurants worth their salt take great pride in their fresh and delicious salsas. In fact, most have an employee making fresh salsa throughout the day. Unfortunately, the salsas at Nolé we're clearly AT LEAST 2-3 days old. The nachos that we ordered were topped with a big scoop of brownish guacamole, hidden under a ladle of cream sauce. This color of guacamole would never be served in my house, not to mention any quality Mexican establishment. The fried chicken on the bone fajitas don't work. No peppers and onions, pre-made flour tortillas (yuk), and the side salsas were BAD. I hope that this is just a fluke of being a new restaurant, but with so many excellent choices in town, they better be more concerned with achieving food quality and freshness or else they won't make it.Excellent food, great service. The jalapeño margarita was delicious. The nachos are a must. Especially with the shredded chicken. I ordered 2 tacos for a dinner and was totally satisfied.We enjoyed a beautiful Mother's Day brunch for our visit!  The new décor is beautiful.  The menu was limited for Mother's day but we enjoyed the Nole' Benedict and Chorizo Croissant. Bottomless mimosas are a plus!! Service was great and friendly.  Definitely planning on returning to try the dinner menu!The new spot is amazing. My wife made a reservation here for dinner with friends and I was surprised at how good everything was. I had never heard of the place until then but I certainly will never forget it now. We all sampled a few of the drinks. The top shelf margarita was excellent however I have to say that once we sampled the frozen blackberry margarita it became everyone at the tables favorite, let's just say I'm glad we took an Uber! The salsa sampler was a unique twist which we all enjoyed. The chicken tinga tacos honestly were the best chicken tinga I've ever tried in my life and those of you who know me know that Mexican food is my favorite so let's just say I've had my fair share of tinga tacos. :) The red snapper mole dish was another one of our favorites and certainly worth a try. Everyone could not stop talking about how good everything was at the end of the meal. We will certainly be going back to this new hot spot. 
P.S. They also have an amazing patio and great happy hour menu for those nice afternoons!Love the atmosphere and decor. Avocado salad didn't have a lot of avocado. Guacamole was difference but good.First time dining at Nole and we can't wait to go back!  Our server told us how much she enjoyed the street corn, we tried it and it was awesome! The tacos, guacamole, tamales and margaritas were all delicious too!  Service, ambiance, the hostesses, and our server were all wonderful!  Great place!  See you soon!I love kris with a k! He is the heart of the nolé!! I recently went with one my friends on what I presumed to be taco Tuesday. It was 4:00 and when I checked the website it said they were closed until 5:00. Bummer. So we ended up going to another spot to get drinks and wait. When I arrived at 5:00 I saw others had already been sitting and eating! Apparently there's a "soft lunch" but that wasn't mentioned on the site. Any who, I really think nolé needs to incorporate some kind of deal for taco Tuesday because there are so many other places with deals. 10 dollars for 2 tacos is crazy unless there are some immaculate tacos on the menu. I recommended my friend get a sangria because I had one before and really enjoyed it. When it arrived to the table it was very orange and she said it tasted like orange juice. I was like "man! You have to come back when kris with a k is here!" Then kris appears on his off day and I told him about the drink and he brought it back to the bar and replaced it! I ordered nachos as my appetizer and they were okay. There were really HUGE pieces of meat that look like they were supposed to be shredded and after the first layer of chips everything was pretty dry. The prickly pear frose was really good!The food was really good and this was a wonderful dining experience! Piggybacking off previous yelp reviews, we ordered the oyster and fish tacos, and the guacamole. 
Tacos were exceptionally good and we ended up ordering more. Highly recommend!The food is really delicious!! Good variety. Fair prices. 
We sat outside and there were flies everywhere, all over the food. They need a fan or something to keep the flies away. Would be 5 stars if the flies were not such a nuisance.I really enjoyed Nole. It has a different take on Latin food than any other place in the city and definitely has New Orleans cuisine flair throughout the menu. Their guacamole has pecans in it which is different and it was super fresh and delicious. I love the salmon and veggies. It has a great seasoning and overall flavor. I could not stop eating it! My favorite out of the munchies was the tres queso quesadilla. It was filled to the brim with chicken and cheese. YUM! My fav taco was the oyster taco.  
I can't stress enough how I love the renovation. It is very airy yet warm and inviting. The bar area is super cool with a succulent wall and a fun neon sign illuminating it. They also have a really nice patio area with plenty of seating. 
I can't wait to go back for happy hour and get some drinks and apps!Definitely a great atmosphere to hang out and have drinks. There is a happy hour menu for drinks. Food is overall decent. The corn appetizer had a lot of flavor, the ceviche tasted good but there was barely any seafood in the dish and the queso was good. My friends liked their tacos and fried chicken fajitas entree. I had the red snapper entree and it was perfectly cooked. There's also a nice seating area outside!Terrible experience!  I ordered the Nole Chicken Mole, and it was anything but.
The Chicken was deep fried and had a sparse drizzle of what, I suppose, was supposed to be a mole sauce.  There was not much of it, and I was unable to really dissect the spices. I did not, for example, taste any chocolate, a traditional element in mole sauce.
The predominant taste and texture was that of a chili powder-based flour coating for fried chicken.  Mole dishes are traditionally simmered in the sauce and the flavors permeate the chicken and tenderize the meat.
There didn't seem to be a lot of concern either. The server did offer to bring me something else, only after I pushed the issue, but the tone was perfunctory.  I don't know if the server discussed the issue with the manager, but I received a similar response from the manager. When he came to the table his comment was along the lines of "everything is good, right."  More or less telling me the response that HE wanted, rather than being truly interested in a customer's feedback.  I reiterated my point that this was more like fried chicken, not mole, but the point was lost. I was more pissed off by the misrepresentation of a traditional dish, and not being listened to. So I attempted to reiterate my point by telling the manager that this was like McDonald's chicken mole--fry the chicken and add the special sauce!  
A piece of advice to the owners: Don't cheapen a traditional dish and try to pass it off. And listen to your customers. We are not idiots!This place is amazing and Kris (with a K) is an amazing host,bartender, server , and all of that! The food was fresh I went during happy hour and got the pitcher of frozen margarita for only $15 & a quesadilla that was great! Oh yeah and you have to try the quest!We have tried this place several times. Do not eat here if you don't have time. Each time, it took almost 40-60 to get our appetizers and drinks. They will bring everything out at once. The food is hit or miss. The first time, the chorizo queso was great, the second time it was watered down and tasted like lumpy flour and cheese. I like the pork rinds to dip with, they are fresh and hot. We tried the tacos which were pretty good.  The food is decent but not worth the wait.The food was amazing and the service was great! Arian was an awesome server. She's very attentive and took great care of us. The pecan carnitas tacos were delicious and so was the street corn.Went there with my 7 year old. The place is super cute, but the food is sub-par. $5-9 dollars for one taco that was average at best. Service was average, waiter was very unenthusiastic. Won't got back. Liked it so much better when it was the cheesecake bistro.Excellent  Cajun Latin food, fun atmosphere, waitress was super friendly and helpful!The food and the drinks were good. The queso was mediocre but the rest of the food was good. The bad part about my experience was the service and management. There was a Facebook and an Instagram post (TODAY) stating that it was taco Tuesday. There were $4 tacos and other drink specials. We get to the restaurant and not only did the server not know what we were talking about, but a manager also told us this was not a thing and there are no taco deals only what's on the menu. This is extremely poor customer service and management, especially since their social media team screwed up. They did not choose to put the guests first to make up for their mistake.So I am loving Nolé and the vibe it has.  I attended an event here and had to go back to check the food out and yes it was still amazing. Celebrating birthdays during happy hour turned out to be a very good choice. 4-7 is more than enough time to celebrate. 
The food was delicious. I enjoyed the quesadilla and the bread pudding and I was a happy girl. the guacamole is a must order. Enjoyed it both times I have been here. It's really filling and so worth the $$.  White sangria, tequila and rum chatta shots to bring in a new chapter. Staff was friendly and took great care of us. 
Definitely a hangout place for us with good food and great drinksTremendous fusion is Mexican and NOLA flavors. Large space tastefully decorated. Wait staff was extremely knowledgeable and had excellent recommendations. The queso app with andouille and chorizo was great. Blackened chicken tinga tacos with pineapple perfect. Looking forward to my next visit!This spot is receiving 4 stars for me  (food (OK) and customer service, sexy outside selection + 1 strong star in the affordable alcohol portion ALONE! Here's why!
#1. Their Frozen Margarita in my opinion is a good.one. I don't feel robbed out of alcohol after drinking. (I come during Happy Hour so I can get two for $10) . I get to feel good with my frozen margaritas. #2. The  Sangria is amazing. The white Sangria is not peach flavored and I was over the moon excited about this one. #3. Parking on st. Charles can be soooo whack! So this spot got it right! Yes, parking is Validated! Picture it: you got on your sexy flowing sundress (body looking great amongst the sun) or you got your fresh white crisp hat and linen pants with your sunshades and boom you hand your keys to the valet!  Amazing. That's the type of day it was. I have noticed when they are crowded this spot can get hectic very fast amongst their staff but I must say it is definitely an experience!Everything is so amazing!!! The atmosphere, the food, the drinks.... everything! You definitely have to get the chorizo queso omgggg my mouth watering just thinking about itI recently went to Nole on my lunch break.  I have to say I really enjoyed it.  They provide free valet parking, which on a hot summer day in dress clothes was a life saver.  They asked us our preference on seating, we chose a booth.  Our server greeted us quickly and immediately made suggestions on what app we should get, as we were indecisive he gave us his top 3, but he was most enthusiastic about the Blue Crap Street Corn.  He wasn't wrong, they were so good, I found myself scooping up the sauce with my fork.  For our meal I chose 3 tacos, again a reference from the server, who really knew his stuff.  Fish, Carnitas, and Oyster: they meat was so well and tender and seasoned perfect.  As we were walking out I saw a "shot glass tree" and had to ask the bartender what it was.  Turns out he was the bar manager and he was super friendly and he explained how the tree worked and also explained the happy hour menu to me.  
Good Food, Great Staff, Nice Happy Hour, and a Very Cool environment.  I will be back soon and have already asked some coworkers if they want to check out the happy hour!Service was quite slow despite not being very busy at all, we were tucked away in the back and the only people back there. Luckily my party wasn't in a hurry and we were all catching up, but if you're in a hurry I recommend telling your server as you are seated!
Despite the slower service, the food made up for it. Everything was great! The queso with chorizo was amazing, as was the street corn. I only tried the chicken tinga taco and that had nice flavor. 
Cute little Instagrammable wall there as well. Will be back!First time at Nolé and it was great! We had queso, fried okra and friend chicken fajitas. All food was delish!! Red sangria was very good!!!  Cornelius was our server and her was the BOMB!!! Super sweet and accommodating. Ask for him if you go!!You know... as much as someone might be so sad to see Cheesecake Bistro leaving the corner unit between St. Charles and St Andrew street, I am so so so glad that Nole came and filled the spot! Nole is another modern Mexican restaurant in town but their unique touch is the conglomeration of Mexican and Louisiana cuisine. 
I have never been to this place, even when it was Cheesecake Bistro, until this year but I was surprised at the size of the restaurant. It is really rare to see a new restaurant being THIS big lately due to rising real estate price in New Orleans but oh my god... they have a patio, window seats, inside seats, high tables, booths, you name it and they have it. I loved their interior design as well. It is very live and energetic. So called 'Instagram worthy' spots everywhere in the restaurant.
We had salsa sampler, guac, bunch and BUNCH of blackberry margaritas , chicken tinga tacos,and a fish entree. Really cannot complain about anything at all. Chips were not greasy at all, chicken tinga inside the taco was one of the best I have ever tried, servers were attentive and I am so sorry but I cannot stop raving about their blackberry frozen margarita ahhhhhhhhhhhh! It is like THE perfect summer drink. 
Just a heads up though. If you are looking for a simple mexican dish like Fajita and regular degular burrito, Nole is not the place. They are all about their New Orleans local twist on Mexican cuisine therefore you might see something that are beyond your expectation on your plate. Come open minded and you shall enjoy your visit!New joint in my neighborhood! Brief visit for happy hour was well worth it. The stars were the tacos! Crispy Latin box (smoked brisket, mirliton, avo salsa) and Pecan smoked carnitas.As soon as your walk in your are transformed into an instagramable atmosphere, they also have an outdoor patio as well! There is tons of bright colors with modern decor. 
The staff is very friendly & you are greeted as soon as you walk in the door. We tried the chorizo & andouille queso, chips & salsa and cracklin's, and the blue crab street corn & all of it was delicious! I will definitely be back as well as the rest of my group!My husband and I were in town for a birthday celebration and came to Nolé for a private party.  What a fantastic meal!   We had a limited menu so I didn't see all their offerings but I had a red snapper dish that was delicious.  My husband had the fried chicken fajitas and those were absolutely the best.  Also- the hibiscus margarita was so good.....and great in that you could taste the tequila.  Definitely a great drink.  Sydney was our server for the event and she was so professional and attentive throughout the night!  If you can get a tequila tree with a bunch of people, do it!  So cool!  We really had a great time and loved the atmosphere of this place.  Thanks so much!Beautiful new latin themed restaurant on St. Charles Avenue. Valet parking available. I think your best bet would be to try this place out during happy hours as the prices were a little higher than expected during regular hours. Family enjoyed their meal selections except for the red sauce on the enchiladas (was thick & taste like tomato paste). Our server was new at her position but very nice. Margarita was good.For Happy Hour, and Wednesday is ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR, this place can't be beat!
Sit at the bar and order from Willie because he will make it even better.
$5 large pour red or white sangrias and margaritas, rocks or frozen. String and good quality.
The Nole guac was the best app to me but my husband likes cracklings so he'd vote for that again. (Cracklins and chips comes with three dips, one of which is guac but the Nole guac is totally different and amazing!)
They had the fish and the oyster tacos, both of which came with a side of rice and beans. More food than we could eat and that's only two entrees.
I also like the vibe and it's a welcome, and new, addition to this hotel that I stay at every time I'm in town. (St Charles coach). There's also outdoor seating and lights for a nice evening.My favorite place when I visited Nola. Avoided all crowds that downtown has, and enjoyed the calm and modern atmosphere. The service was fantastic and the food was to die for. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.Attended an event in thier NEW Tequila Room last night. The event paired tequila drinks with different courses (Cajun and Spanish influences). It was very well done....food was great, drinks were awesome and the NEW room...inviting. highly recommend visitingI was with a friend we both enjoyed the blackened chicken tenga. I wasn't sure what to expect and yet the meal didn't disappoint. 
The location is vibrant. The wait staff is friendly and plates are full. 
Added bonus, I posted a pic of my meal on Instagram and they shared the post.Just finished here for Mother's Day--service was incredible and food was delicious as well! Shaile, our waitress, was very kind and made our experience great! The manager also came up to our table to check in and to see how the food and service was which we appreciated. The valet staff were very efficient and professional. Nolé has only been open a month but operates like it has been there for much longer. We will be back here for sure--a great add to the city!We would like to have tried the food, but it took us over 30 minutes to get a drink and some chips. Our waitress, Felicia, was working the whole patio and was overwhelmed and somewhat indifferent. Eating down the street at Hoshun. Got my first drink in 5 minutes or less.Came on a Sunday night with some friends for dinner and had a pretty good experience. Our waitress Zoe made the night great so shoutout to her. Although she was new she did her best to give us some recommendations. The kitchen was a tad slow though for a Sunday night when the restaurant was virtually empty.
I really wanted the prickly pear frose or a mojito but I refrained for the sake of my liver. For the table we got the chips and dip trio. All of the dips were really good & the chips tasted fresh. We also got an extra batch of chips for $1 and they came out warm- super good. 
For dinner I got one chicken taco & the chicken flautas from the munchies section. It was enough food considering I ate my body weight in chips. The flautas were good but super super greasy. The chicken taco was also delicious but I wish it was on a corn tortilla. To me the food was good but it didn't taste authentic. 
I think I would come back to experience some other menu items + they have a good happy hour (a mojito pitcher for $15!) they also have nice outdoor seating and the inside is super trendy. I hope this spot stays open with the competition in NOLA.OMG, Wayne was VERY personable  & the BEST server!!! Food was awesome!! Adam came over to talk & was also VERY personable.  Great restaurant,  great atmosphere  & GREAT food!!!Get your camera's ready for this one. The vivacious vibe you get when you walk in, you will immediately want to hit the bar, grab a marg and get a photo in front of their "Nola, Yall" neon sign! 
As a marg snob (preferring more tart than sweet), I would rate this house a top 10 margarita in the city. The food is wonderful and great flavor! Four stars because every time I have been the service has been slow.I had the Paloma drink..it was tastey but definitely not the strongest for the price. Not sure I'd get it again. The bar tender was very friendly and the decor and aesthetic were pretty cool! I'll be back for food at some point!We ate lunch here.  The night before we ate at Commander's Palace.  I had a better meal here.  Understand Commander's was very good.  But this place has the flavors!  The guacamole is the best I've ever had.  The chips are excellent.  I had a fish taco and the shrimp and andouille flatbread.  They were like the dance of the seven veils in my mouth(this was meant to be an exotic comment but sounds kind of yucky when you read it). Anyway, the flavors were outstanding!  A very unexpected pleasure.Except for the mishap at the bar area, at a bar table, where I sat for over 5-10 minutes being ignored by the bartender, the rest of the meal was great. 
I had the chicken tinga tacos which were seasoned deliciously. I also had a Sazarac which was strong. It was my first one, so I don't have a point of reference. But it was very good. 
I also had the bread pudding dessert which was yummy. 
The table service in the dining area was excellent. And so was the service by the host/hostesses. 
The only thing I would prefer differently was complimentary chips & salsa. The chips & salsa were on the appetizer meñu instead.Incredible and underrated. We have been here three times and each time the food has been amazing. Definitely come here if you're looking for nachos.This place is awesome.  A great dining experience from the free valet parking to the yummy frozen margaritas.  Authentic Mexican cuisine in a hip garden district location. Beautiful outdoor seating and attentive servers make this place a must.  The food is awesome.  
this is an update Ryan was our server and he was awesome.Went here for Cinco de Mayo and the block party was a lot of fun. The staff was incredibly nice and the menu was interesting. However, the drinks were just ok and the same went for the food. That may have been due to the festivities, but I did find the fried chicken taco dish my friend had was tasty.I'm sooooo impressed! Both the food and service was OUTSTANDING! The setting was very modern, clean, and sexy. I ordered the nachos, quesadillas, red beans, and the bone in fried chicken fajitas. EVERY ITEM WAS DELICOUSSSS. The fried chicken was fried to perfection and they were very generous when it came to portion size. Came recommended by some friends and we were not disappointed. I was not expecting to have that great of an experience but oh was i wrong! So ready to go back!I NEVER write reviews about places but I feel prompted to here due to our terrible experience.. We were excited to try Nole, particularly their coolinary menu. Boy were we let down. The margaritas were sooooo syrupy that we left with stomach aches (a bit of foreshadowing). The queso was INEDIBLE. Seriously I would've rather melted velveeta cheese any day of the week. And the "bone in chicken fajitas" is literally just a plate of Popeyes fried chicken (but marked up). Seriously. That's not even the worst. The service was horrible- we ordered right away off of the coolinary menu but it somehow took 2.5 hours still AND, the worst part is, we got food poisoning from here. I would not recommend going here to anyone.Went for happy hour drinks, $5 a piece.  They weren't bad. We ordered cheese dip. Table to the left got theirs. Then table to our right got theirs. They arrived well after we did. So after 30 minutes of waiting, we asked for our check, which took the bartender forever to get to us. We put $11 on the counter as he cashed out other tickets and left to go to Juan's. We were one of three couples at the bar.About 2 months ago, my son and daughter in-law went here for their "Saturday Try something New" night. Having stalked the menu before they left, I gave them a to-go order of a fish taco and the salsa and cracklings appetizer. 
So my son and daughter in-law came back not impressed and I prayed that I would not feel the same. But I'm sorry to say my experience was just the same. 
I order the Salsa, Chips, and Cracklings appetizer because of the cracklings and unfortunately my "to go bag did not have any". The Salsa had no taste, the Okra Pico de Gallo was slimy and the guacamole and chips was "just there" for the ride. Horrible!!! 
Then I opened my fish taco and was like "where's the fish" it was a flour tortilla topped with what looked like a fish nugget cut in half and arranged so it looked like two pieces of breaded fish. What is going on here? 
So open to a "redo" of my order, I called the restaurant and the hostess answered. I told her what happened, she apologized and informed me that they ran out of cracklings earlier that night and again apologized for that. I asked for the manager but because it was 15 mins to closing the hostess apologized again, took down my name/number and promised that someone would call me the next day. I said thank you and went on my way. 
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday...no phone call. So Wednesday, annoyed that no one reached out to fix a customer issue, I called the restaurant again. This time it was in the middle of the day and a hostess answered, I told her my story, she apologized and put me on hold. When she came back she took down my name and number again and said someone would call me before the night was over. 
I waited and waited and no one called, disappointed and then angry because now you're disrespecting as a customer. I guess since I was over the phone lodging a complaint, I didn't matter. Now usually I would let it go by now but when I rode past the restaurant and saw where it was and that it was still open, I felt a compelling urge to let the readers know how this "mishmash"/mess experience was and how they treat their local customers. 
Hopefully, others have had a better experience and have something to right home about, because I sure don't. 
Thanks, MarieGreat food and great entertainment at the DRAGcula brunch!!  Service was awesome and always kept our drinks filled without asking!I have now been to Nolé multiple times & have had great experiences each time. I most recently went to Nolé to celebrate my birthday. The ambiance is great - the space is cute & colorful (very Instagram-able!). The margaritas are delicious- I've now had the house, the blackberry, & the frosé (my favorite!). The guacamole is really good, even with the unusual addition of pecans. However, my favorite are the flautas with avocado dipping sauce. Every time, I get the flautas with a side of cilantro rice & beans. It never disappoints. The service here is also amazing- I have enjoyed every server I've had here! Would highly recommend to others.I went here a couple weeks ago with a group of friends and had one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had. I was impressed at first by the bartenders which is the only reason I would go back. We were seated and it took forever for our sever to take our order. Once our appetizers came out, they were so small, most of our small party didn't get the opportunity to try some of them. Once we put our main entrees in, mine came out completely wrong. My server then proceeded to tell me he heard me wrong and thought I ordered something completely different. My friend and I ordered chicken mole to split and ended up with something completely different. He took it back and brought back this strange breaded chicken dish covered in what I thought was hormel chili. It was gross. I also heard complaints from other friends I was with saying their brisket enchiladas were almost inedible and full of fat. Even worse, I ordered a single tall kettle soda with lemons and was brought back a half full glass with straight vodka. The service is horrible and the food is subpar, yet the prices are on the high side. I was warned about going here from others but wanted to give it a chance. It's only good for that hola nola photo and nothing else. Hopefully they get it together before it shutters.My sister and I came here for Easter Sunday dinner. Our servers Zach and another two guys took care of us. We ordered the blue crab corn - delicious! I ordered the fish tacos based on reviews also.My favorite would the fried chicken fajitas. The chicken was not too salty and so tender! I can't wait to come back to try the tamales and paella. I'll be back for sure!Great service! We had Erica today and it was great experience! The food was great! The vibe and ambience was awesome! 
We had the duck confit empanadas, tacos and the bottomless sangria! 
All in all a wonderful place.I recently hit this place up for dinner with a friend. Had heard mixed reviews but figured I'd try it out (being that it's a Copland's restaurant) can be to bad. Which it wasn't. Before I start let me jus say that in no way is this Latin American food as they advertise, it's Tex Mex New Orleans style at best. We started with the Mexican street corn, I must say it's definitely a must try if you go. You get 3 corns on the cobs seasoned, sprinkle cheese, and a pink sauce drizzled on top. I confess looked so good I forgot to tak a pic but got one of what was left lol. I had the nachos, which are huge, they were really good. They come chicken, Tasso, pico, beans, n cheese. To drink we had mojitos, were not good at all. Service was decent. Overall it was ok, just OK. No rush to go back, at all.There won't be a next time- portion size terrible - server was overwhelmed and never apologized for the cold food - she sent the Manager out and still no apologies- just asked that I give them a 2nd chance - NOT!!!  Party of 7 - hardly ordered anything - $214.00 - beautiful location and free valet parking - possibly the worst experience ever in NOLA - back to the drawing board guys!!!Fantastic place & my first time review here. We came on a Wed night and Margaritas are only $5. ( and very good!) We split the the natchos which are piled high as well as the crab corn ( no I couldn't taste the crab but it was still great and it's 3 pieces so great to share). We decided to try the choc desert and it was good! I will be back - and as long as it remains this good, back many times. I can't wait to try other items on menu! Everything- the waiter, the food, the decor was outstanding and our bill tonight was sooo reasonable. It gets 5 stars plus- Think it will be a go to for a whileIt's unfortunate that I have to write this review. I first came here for an event months ago and everything was good. Fast forward to my most recent visit, the food was awful and the service was even worse. The only reason for the 2 stars is because I really enjoyed my cucumber jalapeño margarita. The other guests didn't like theirs and thought it was too sweet. Our server seriously was acting like he was high or something...he was really dingy and went missing at times. I ordered the chicken quesadillas...mushy, bland and terrible. We shared an order of queso. I liked it and ordered more but it never arrived. I confirmed with the server on two separate occasions and he said my order was in. He then went missing for about 30 minutes and I had to catch him to ask a 3rd time. He started talking in a fast, low and indecipherable voice. We all gathered that he didn't put the order in. At that point, I told him to just forget it. Other than my margarita, the valet guys were the only other positive because they were very professional and speedy.Good food but horrible service. Took 30 minutes to get a drink and waiter never checked on our table. Will not be returningFirst, I never leave bad reviews. This place was a special kind of terrible. Tl;dr version: My friends and I are polite and easy customers. The server and manager were shockingly rude, then the food was super greasy and sub-par (even for texmex). 
Here's the story: I went with two friends of mine for dinner on August 15th because one of them lives nearby and had been wanting to try it. Nole was participating in coolinary, so they were a little busier at the time. No problem. My friends and I work in healthcare now, but have all worked in the service industry in the past, so we make it a point to be polite and respectful with staff at bars and restaurants we go to. This was one of the worst customer service experience I've ever had. 
The space was decent, well lit and the tables weren't crowded. The hostess was friendly and polite. After we were seated, it was downhill from there. I have type 1 diabetes and asked if they would be able to do just a tequila with soda water for me instead of the sugary margarita that came with the meal. I know that they probably haven't been asked this before, but I explained the reason I was asking, that well tequila would be fine, and that I wasn't trying to be difficult or get any upgrades here. The server (30s, White dude with dark brown hair, less common name) started saying 'absolutely not' before I'd even finished speaking. I was really surprised and confused, since it was a cheap and easy swap (customer service 101) and I wasn't expecting that kind of quick and unapologetic response. I asked if he understood why and what I was asking and he just repeated that they weren't going to do it. I asked to speak to the manager, who talked with the server for a minute before coming to our table. I explained what I was asking again and he said that he stood by what the server had told us and that they weren't going to make an exception. Wow. So I said ok, ordered a tequila soda with lime separately, and asked them to bring the margarita I'd be paying for anyway (came with the coolinary meal) so that at least my friends could drink it. We all needed drinks after that. 
I was hoping the food would make up for all that, but it was just gross. I'm sure they can pull off chips and salsa and mediocre tacos like anywhere else, which is what I should have ordered in hindsight. Instead I ordered the flautas and a soup/ stew. The outer shell of the flautas was saturated through with grease and the filling reminded me of the mystery meat in a Taco Bell "beef" taco. Then the stew had a layer of grease/ fat across the top like when you microwave pizza. The flavor of the stew wasn't bad, but nothing I'd order again or recommend. 
Idk. I was just shocked by the horrible customer service. Please do yourself a favor any go anywhere else. I'd recommend Santa Fe on Esplanade if you're craving Mexican, but even Aranya on Magazine beats this place.Great renovation of the previous space. Somewhat sleek but not in a pretentious way, with little rustic touches throughout. Felt open and spacious but still warm and inviting. Now for the food....the guacamole was super fresh and tasty. Love that cracklins are thrown in with the chips for the trio of salsas. Also had the smoked chicken quesadilla which had just a hint of subtle smoky flavor. For main dishes we tried the chile rubbed ribeye and the fried chicken fajitas. We didn't try to create fajitas with the fried chicken (something boneless would work better for this) but the flavor was on point. You might be reminded of Popeyes chicken, but it's quite different. A good bit of spice and a nice earthy herbal flavor giving way to a solid crunch. Can they sell just the chicken in an 8-piece plz?! The ribeye had a good bit of fat and marbling but was super tender and flavorful. And for drinks - we tried the different frozen beverages offered, the blackberry margarita and the prickly pear frosé, and enjoyed both. The blackberry one has a lovely tart and tangy flavor and the prickly pear one is just a little bit sweet. We enjoyed this first visit and are looking forward to returning!REALLY wanted to like this cute new place but was unfortunately disappointed from start to finish. 
Upon sitting down to the table we both noticed we had filthy drinking glasses. Luckily waitress also noticed and swapped them for the ones at the next table. 
Feel bad for whoever ended up sitting there.
Ordered drinks and appetizer which was the chorizo queso. While the two fried okra sticking out of the queso were great I have to say the queso itself and the chips were less than mediocre. The queso was more of a bean dip with a thick cold hard layer of cheese across the top. I can best compare it to the velveeta, rotel, Hormel dip you see bubbling over in a crockpot in someone's kitchen at a Super Bowl party. 
The chips themselves were basically Tostitos with Tony Chacheres sprinkled on top. 
My house margarita was decent but the tiny paper straw threw me. It was only about 4 inches tall and thick like a bubble smoothie straw. It softened immediately and I had to put it to the side rather than try to use it.
For entrees my husband got the fish tacos which he said were "just ok" and I got the nachos. While there were some impressive options on the menu I figured they would do a great nacho. Wrong. Again with the Cajun seasoned tortilla chips but bland meat and red beans made for very dry inedible nachos. I had to ask for hot sauce just to add a little flavor. 
Now on to the highlights and the reason I was able to give a couple stars. The restaurant is very beautiful but got loud fast. 
The red sangria was perfect. Not too sweet or over powering. 
The tres leches bread pudding was also great. It came to the table lukewarm so I'm not sure if it was supposed to be hot or if this was the intended temperature. 
Overall we most likely won't be back but glad to have tried it out. Wish we would've made it in during August for coolinary so the experience didn't have to cost $80This place was a great find for my wife and I who were visiting from out of town. The bbq shrimp with mole was amazing. They have a good selection of local drafts as well. Can take the St Charles streetcar from canal area which takes you right in front of the restaurant.This place is awesome.  A great dining experience from the free valet parking to the yummy frozen margaritas.  Authentic Mexican cuisine in a hip garden district location. Beautiful outdoor seating and attentive servers make this place a must.  The food is amazing.Likes: the apps! We got the guacamole and the blue crab street corn and both came out quickly.  The guacamole was pretty special with with okra and pecans in it. The street corn was very tasty (would've enjoyed the corn cooked/charred more tho). Our waiter was really sweet and attentive. We were seated promptly during happy hour and were greeted right away. The atmosphere was really cool and stylish too. House marg on the rocks was very tasty. Good happy hour prices. 
Dislikes: the frozen house marg was very salty and not very strong booze-wise. Limited choice of sides kinda sucked (just two types of beans and green rice). I ordered an oyster and a fish taco (I eat pescatarian) and a chicken tinga taco came in the oysters place but I didn't know it until after a bite into it. Although the waiter was apologetic and swiftly and kindly replaced it, it was not comped from our ticket. The tortillas were underdone and cracked down the middle when I ate it. Very bland too. (Spicy cabbage?? No way) My date's brisket  enchiladas (as he described them) were more like manicotti from an Italian restaurant. The Mexican flavors were totally lost and he found the brisket was chewy and not what you would imagine smoked brisket to be. 
Overall: I like what theyre going for and might return one day for happy hour drinks and apps or with a large group in a pinch who aren't as discerning in their tastes...hope they can turn it around over the next several months of opening. I wish them luck and encourage them to ramp up the flavor to honor both culinary traditions of New Orleans and Mexican cuisine.Great food and great service. Food prep and presentation like a $$$ resteraunt for a $$ price. Latin atmosphere with a hung of New Orleans flare!!JERMIE is the best server EVER!!! he was very polite, funny, and educated on the menu! I came for my birthday and it was best experience and service ever. 10/10 recommend the restaurant and be sure to ask for him as your server!Really enjoyed the atmosphere and concept of this restaurant. Service was fantastic and everyone was friendly. I had the fried oyster tacos which were good. Kids menu was good as well.  Overall good experience.Holy guacamole! What a great lunch!! Not only was our server attentive, not only were the drinks perfect, but the food was fantastic!!! We were a party of four and had two different types of tacos, a quesadilla, and the heaping nachos. Everything was amazing and authentic!! I highly recommend Nolé!! (We had stayed in the St. Charles Coach House the night before, which Nolé is attached to, and just decided to try it on a whim. SO glad we did!!!)This was our first visit here and it was right after the Saints game today, The atmosphere is very pleasant however a bit cold, but management change that right away upon request. Our server was ALI SHE WAS EXQUISITE very accommodating patient and professional we will come back for her service alone!!!! Thank you so so much and GEAUX SAINTS!Absolutely delicious! The blue crab elote & cucumber jalapeño margarita is a must try! Drinks are so good! I think I tried half of them already. Top shelf margaritas are great! The murals are beautiful to take group pics or couple pics with! Staff is super upbeat and sweet! I love the free valet parking! Can't wait to go back and try more!Went to Nolé last night for happy hour!  On Thursdays (according to their Instagram page, it's only Thursdays) they do flights of their frozen and margaritas on the rocks.  I did the frozen flight which included the original margarita, the blackberry margarita and the prickly pear  frosé!  They were all so good-but the prickly pear frosé wA the BEST!  
We did also have the queso (which you can get without meat) and the fish tacos.  Both were good!  They have an amazing outdoor seating area too!  Our waiter was also very knowledgeable about the menu and very personable!This is still my favorite watering hole in the garden district. NOLE is a southern-mexican fusion place with some real unique flavors and good drinks. 
If you want to best bartender in NOLA, go see Will. AKA Willie. The Don of the House Margarita and he will take the best care of you with nothing but that top shelf service and quality. The best of the best.
Delicious small plates, great drinks, and an awesome staff. Check these guys out soon!Five days ago I went to an event and was served the Blue Crab Street Corn. I enjoyed it so much that before I left, I place an order Togo with three orders of Corn Fried Oyster taco. The bartender that took my order ring me up and also add and charge me for a menu item that I didn't order. It took a few minutes for him to get help fixing it. The thing about making an error and apologizing would be fine with me but he claims he gave me the wrong receipt when it was menu items I ordered plus the extra he add to my receipt and charged my card. When my to-go order finally was done , I just wanted to go home that I made the mistake to check my order. By the time I got home I realize they did not give me my corn. I only received my three tacos, my   two side of red bean and green rice and a cup of crab meat with lime aioli and creole cream cheese. I called to talk to a supervisor or manager and I was put on hold twice and both times was told manager were busy and not taking phone call at the moment. I refused a no for an answer so they put me on hold again until someone name Joe who says he was the manager. I told him what happened and he asked if I can drive back to pick up the corn. I live across the river, I am not driving back for corn. He apologized and took my name and address and claim to be sending out a gift card for the amount I paid for my blue crab street corn but I have not seen anything in the mail yet.  This makes me wonder if I actually spoken to a management or one of the bartender.Be sure to try the local fish tacos they will change your life!!!! I went there with the intention of trying the white sangria and it was so good. It was perfectFirst time coming here and I have to say the food was very good. Great atmosphere. Definitely recommend. My favorite was the fried chicken fajitas.This place has the BEST breakfast tacos I've ever eaten. This was my first time here, and the service was excellent! As soon as my group walked in the hostess was super enthusiastic and gave us suggestions to her favorites. I went with the breakfast tacos, and they were excellent in taste and in price! Guac has NOLA twist to it with pecans and tasted awesome. My friends got a bloody mary and eggs Benedict and loved their meals as well. Overall, highly suggest coming to this well decorated and fun atmosphere restaurant!This is a magical culinary spot in our city.  I must give huge kudos to the amazing beautiful decor inside and outside with a wonderful attention to the details. 
We got seated outside on a beautiful Cinco de mayo day; service and food were amazing. 
We started with margaritas and guacamole.  They have pecans in them a real treat. 
The queso has okra in it , really delicious. Then tacos then corn on the cob, so damn good. 
And finished with sopapillas and tres leches bread pudding. 
All delicious and full of flavor. Love the place. 
Enjoy.I have to give this place low rating from the staff alone. I arrived for brunch on Sunday at 1:30 PM. I made a reservation, but was waiting for a hostess for 10 minutes so I opted to sit at the bar because it was empty. The bartender ignored me for a whole 15 minutes, so, I got his attention to ask for a menu and water. I had to ask if he could wipe down the counter because it was sticky. I had to ask if I could order my food. I had to remind him that we ordered a mimosa. I had to ask if he could check on my food when it took over an hour to come. This was over the course of over 3 HOURS that I was there just waiting on service or food. Point is, no one ever checked on me or asked if I needed anything. I was sitting next to a cast member of Southern Charm New Orleans, the only reason why I knew this is because the manager kept ignoring me to take care of this person. He was in and out before I could even order entrees. Not once did the manager ask if I needed anything and I was clearly waiting to be attended. The food was good which is the only reason I MIGHT be back, but definitely will never sit at the bar, ESP if it is the same bartender/manager. Worst service experience I have ever had.I went here for happy hour on Wednesday and the food was great. I had two cocktails. One was a mojito and the other was a red sangria. Both cocktails were very delicious. The mojito was refreshing, perfect for a summer day. The sangria wasn't overpowered with sugar, like many sangria as I've tried and I liked that. I also tried the bbq shrimp, which was pretty spicy, but just enough spice and flavor to my liking. It was cooked perfectly and was a nice size. The street corn with blue crab was so rich with flavor because of the cream. The blue crab added a nice touch to the corn. I would definitely recommend going. Also don't forget to try a horchata shot!!Food and service was amazing! Neno and Jaira was the absolute best!! Want to come back just because of them!The food is delish but the service needs some improvement. I went during coolinary for lunch (it wasn't busy) and had to ask for my pitcher is sangria. When I got the bill I had to ask for them to change it bc they didn't charge me the coolinary prices.
Advice aside, the food was good! And there was so much of it!
I got the street corn (enough for two people, squash tacos (came with beans and rice) and the tres leches bread pudding.
I think once they figure out their workflows it will be better.
Sit close to the hola y'all sign for a cute photo op.So sad. This place has so much potential. Great location, super cute inside, and a great patio. However, it took over 30 minutes to get our drinks, the entrees came before the appetizer and were cold, and the flavor was just not there.Nolé delivered a great experience for dinner. The hostess, Whitney was very friendly and helpful when we asked for her recommendations. Everything on the menu sounded so good! Wayne was our server and he was very quick and accommodating. The queso with the fried pickled okra was delicious and broiled to perfection. The twist is that not only do you get chips but also cracklin. Both were great. My husband and I also split the street corn and Al's fried chicken fajitas. Everything had great flavor and our experience was unique from any restaurant we've been to in New Orleans. Thank you Whitney and Wayne for the great experience and food! We will be back to try other plates on the menu!Okay, Nole really has me scratching my head.
Nole took over the former Copeland's Cheesecake Bistro, that was on Saint Charles Ave. for well over 15 years. In the last few months of Cheesecake Bistro, service and quality had gone down hill terribly with issues of rodents, uncooked and spoiled food, poor management and poor service.
Once I learned that Cheesecake Bistro was closing and taken over by a Latin fusion spot, I was really sad because I would no longer get Copelands and New Orleans classics dishes in the city. I saw Nolé's grand opening with all of the colorful outside decor and fun menus and happy team members, and was super reluctant to patronize them out of sheer principle.
After all of my friends started to go to Nolé for HHs and dinner, I looked in to them and realized that they were owned by...Copeland's. #mindblown
I finally had the opportunity to dine at Nolé this week for a private corporate event with a prix fixe menu. We started off with house margaritas and flavored frozen margaritas at the bar. We then headed to the Tequila Room for our private dining. The Tequila Room is basically a private room that can be booked for private parties, but I'd never known there to be a private dining area while this was Cheesecake Bistro 
We  started off with shared appetizers: cheese quesadillas, (which weren't much to write home about in my opinion) and chips and dips. Now the chips were served with house made cracklin which was very well seasoned, crunchy -- but not too hard, and very light. Next we were served our entrees. We choose between beer battered fish tacos served with cilantro rice and black beans or the fried chicken fajitas. Again, my beer battered fish tacos weren't much to write home about since the rice and beans stole the show. Now our waitress said the fried chicken fajitas were a crowd favorite and advised everyone to order that. Most of us didn't listen... we should have. The fried chicken fajitas are 3 pieces of fried chicken based on the original Popeyes recipe. How major is that?!?! The fried chicken is served on a bed of shredded cabbage, with house made tortillas and guac + sour cream. The chicken was honestly the show stopper! For dessert, we had the option of bread pudding topped with ice cream or Sopapilla  with the special honey. Apparently they revamped their bread pudding recipe as it was originally served cold as a tres leches bread pudding, the new version is one that I recommend since it has no raisins. The sopapillas weren't my favorite because it wasn't the traditional beignet, it was denser and gooier on the inside.
All in all, the staff was amazing and fun, the food was good, and the inside decor is really cute! I'll definitely be back to explore the full menu. I'm still baffled as to why Copeland's couldn't make this work with Cheesecake Bistro.Very interesting menu options. Super cute decor and ambiance. Nice staff. Perfect for dinner or lunch outside with the girls!I'm from Colorado and live in Arizona so I'm a big critic of Mexican food and this place was alright. Definitely put their own flare on it for sure!Food-4.5
Ambience-4
Service-4
When I came here, it wasn't in our original plan, but I'm glad it ended up that way! This is a pretty new business, but it's still owned by the same people that owned Cheesecake Bistro so they still know what they're doing. This restaurant is a fusion between Mexican and Creole, a twist I'd never thought I would enjoy! 
If you've read any other reviews, you already know that you have no other choice but to get the corn as an appetizer. This was my first time having Mexican corn, and I was not disappointed! My boyfriend and I split two entrees, the Baja taco and the nachos latinos. The hostess and our waiter suggested the nachos, but we ended up being way more obsessed with the tacos. The only downside is that the portion for the tacos is so small for the price, so I'm glad we ended up getting both. The nachos were huge, and big enough to split for a main entrée, but we both have huge appetites so the combination of the tacos with the nachos were perfect for us. 
The atmosphere was so nice and they have plenty of places for photo-ops! Service was pretty good, but our waiter was weirdly giving my boyfriend more attention and only talking directly to him. I guess he was just assuming that he was paying so he should give him a lot of attention, but I don't like feeling neglected :( Lol besides that, it's a great little place if you're looking for a nice twist to your regular Mexican night.This was a great experience. It's a Latino flair with sophisticated twist. Our server Kevin was right on point with his suggestions. I actually got some good ideas for my own gatherings. The ambiance and decor was rustic and appealing.  Give it a try, you'll love it.I get that it's a new restaurant but we sat at 7:30pm and did not get our checks until around 10:15pm. It took an absurd amount of time. We were the only people left in the restaurant for an hour. We had to speak to the manager multiple times. She offered to comp our drinks the next time we return to the restaurant but we will not be back. The food was good but pretty spicy. Good vibes though!My friends and I had lunch here the other day. The grilled shrimp tacos were superb. Our waitress was so attentive and nice. The space is beautiful, open, and airy. It was too warm to eat in their outdoor area, but it's so comfortable and inviting that I can't wait to come come back for an al fresco dinner.The service and ambiance are all good here but the food and drink leave a lot to be desired.  The brisket tacos were served with the meat cold and the chicken enchiladas were on the smaller side along with only containing two per order without the normal sides of rice and beans that most other Mexican joints in the area serve with this dish.  The margarita pitcher was the smallest pitcher I believe I have ever seen so it really is more of a large glass than a pitcher while the margarita itself is very weak in the amount of tequila used.  Overall there are just many other better options out there which are of better quality and better value so I really don't see a need to return here.Great atmosphere, awesome food and amazing drinks!!!  Service was excellent, and the owners were actually there making sure EVERYTHING was on point!  My husband and I highly recommend for a date night as well as a fun night out with friends!!Jeremie was the best waiter!!!! So sweet & accommodating. Made sure everyone was happy all the time. Definitely coming back!Fantastic array of local and Caribbean flavors, open free flowing atmosphere and service above board. The street corn and that Big Al's Fried Chicken fajitas are epic!!This establishments is part of a hotel. Well decorated and music is great, I imagine it's busy and lots of fun for dinner or late night drinks and snacks. This restaurant is deff a Tex mex and would recommend as a drunk quesadilla and nacho type of place.
Walked in around 1pm and was empty on a Wednesday, 1/2 off drinks was a plus! Food came out hot and quick! 
Overall: 
Fried chicken fajitas 6/10
Shrimp Coctel 7/10
Blue Crab Street Corn 7/10
Mojito 7/10
David was our waiter, extremely welcoming and attentive. Our experience became so much better because of his outstanding service !!This place has a nice atmosphere.  It's very clean. Friendly staff and amazing food. The drinks are great, we got the cucumber jalapeno margarita and the lemon drop. The flautas are small, made with a street taco tortilla,  I was expecting an actual flauta....still great. They give you complementary chips and salsa. Staff is a little slow but it could have just been one of those nights. Overall I would recommend this place.Nothing we had tonight was less than amazing! I will recommend this place to any and everyone. Cool vibes and our server Jackson was super knowledgeable and helpful with every question we had!We have only had apps and drinks at the bar, so our experience is somewhat limited.  The margaritas are amazing and a great price at happy hour and the interior decor is nice, the location is great, and the place has a lot of potential.  But we have gone 4 times now and only once did we get good service at the bar (good luck to that aspiring med student!  She was great!).  Once the person had no clue what she was doing and no one seemed willing to help her even though they were standing around doing nothing.  Whenever our bartender would disappear (often for 15+ minutes on multiple visits with different bartenders), no one else seems interested in serving you (maybe they don't split tips...?).  No one comes around to ask if you want another drink or more food, you have to aggressively flag them down, and then maybe they'll come.  We've come with different friends on different occasions too and they have all agreed it was some of the worst service they've ever had.  The apps were just ok.  Based on the other reviews, maybe dining at a table off the main menu is a good bet, but our experiences weren't the best.This is a great atmosphere and friendly staff. A few mishaps with a broken glass and super busy staff that may have gone a little long between drink and food orders, but overall the food was excellent. Highly recommend trying when they aren't slammed and you have time to enjoy your dinner.I have eaten here several times and the food, drinks and service have always been terrific.
I attended a Herredura tequila pairing dinner last night and we all had a great time.  It was my first time ordering their chicken flautas and they were, by far, the best flautas I have ever had.
The red snapper was served with a green mole sauce and was cooked to perfection.  
The fried chicken legacy of Al Copeland, Sr lives on through Nolè.  The fried chicken fajitas are another must have.  The dish is served as bone in fried chicken in a nostalgic tribute to the original Popeye's.  Just dig in, build your fajita and enjoy.  The flavor was even better than I ever remember from Popeye's.
We finished with sopapillas, chocolate cake and the Herradura Blanco- Horchata.  Trust me here- save room for dessert or start with dessert first!
The chef came out with each course to explain how each dish was freshly prepared.  Al and his family were there and spoke of their concept and the influence behind each dish.  The reps from Herredura highlighted each offering  which added to the fun.
The staff were friendly and very attentive.
If you are looking for a unique, fun and flavorful dining experience, make sure to sign up for their next tequila pairing dinner.
If you are looking for a venue for a private party, definitely check out the Tequila Room.  The decor, adjustable lighting and adjustable speaker system provide the perfect ambiance for any small event.I will give this newly designed restaurant that is part of the Copeland family A++++. The interior is absolutely beautiful. Big open concept and a really unique tequila room in the back of restaurant that can booked for private parties. The exterior offers outdoor casual seating with a nice decor.  The margaritas was perfect. Enjoyed the guacamole and chips, some of the best guacamole in the city. The location is connected to a hotel so this is an ideal restaurant for tourist traveling to NOLA. Overall this concept is a perfect compliment to this foodie city. I definitely plan to visit weekly. And I understand they run special pricing every Wednesday.  You want be disappointed with this new establishment on St Charles.Wow amazing.... from the service to the food.. our server David was very polite and caring tending to our every need and demand once again thank you to the entire staff at Nole !!This was a disappointment for being a restaurant in New Orleans. Service was absolutely terrible, saw waiter a total of 3 times. 3/7 of my party has thrown up since leaving the restaurant. I wish I could give this restaurant 0 stars. Besides the absence of the waiter, he was also extremely rude and immature. The food was not even good.Visited NO for a week and this has been the only food disappointment. Server must have been new or stoned as he knew little about the menu. Street corn is very overdressed. Everything oversalted.  Shrimp and grits....meh... not bad. Asked the server the salad bedding and he came back from the chef and said it was butter lettuce and of corse spring mix arrived and some pieces were rotten. Nice decor but strange playing 50's in a modern Mex eatery.  Little to no choices of juice for mixed drinks. Only takeaway bags availible I could fit my Apt in. Just not impressed and there are so many choices in the city.Here's the thing - I feel like this is a three and a half star rating. Yes, the service was good and food was great but I'm not sure if I would come back again. We came for the coolinary menu and I ordered the chicken flautas, smoked chicken flatbread and the bread pudding. The chicken flautas were mediocre and the flatbread had this sauce on it that was amazing. But I wasn't WOW'd by any of it. The pecan guac was different and I will give them that. It had the crunch of the pecans and a little pickled taste too. The tres leche bread pudding was really hard, almost in solid rock formation. I wish it was either fluffy or hot.Maybe I got all the wrong items, maybe not. There was a general trend with everything so here it goes. 
Came here around 7:30 and it was pretty full....or bachelorette parties. There were two near my table, and the 16-party one passed out Jell-O shots as soon as they sat down. Not the restaurants fault, but made it almost impossible to hear anything else.
I started with a Pisco Sour. My friend had never had a drink with egg white in it and I told her to try mine but when it got to the table I said never mind because I thought it was way, way too sweet (especially for a sour). We started with the Blue Crab street corn which was some Tony's (sorta), cream cheese, and cotija cheese and we're assuming some sort of sauce on the plate that may have had a crab walk through it at some point. The corn and sauces were all sweet, but we couldn't really taste any crab. For mains I ordered the Avocado Salad and the Latin Box taco which was a hard corn taco with pork. The avocado salad was massive and had about 5 small chunks of avocado in it (see photo). It was also supposed to come with mango but I think I ate all of it in three forkfuls before I realized what it was. In addition to skimping on all of the ingredients that were supposed to make it unique, the dressing was, again, sweet. You can probably already see where I'm going with the taco....sweet. 
I don't know if Nolé is a national chain but their food tastes that way- sorta fake and very sweet, something that 'everyone' will think is 'good enough.' It's too bad because the St Charles House hotel that it's connected to looks really nice and it would've been a good place to stop for the people who stay there.Service left much to be desired. It took 20 minutes before out waitress came over to get our drink order. It was not a busy night. Food was decent.  For app I had the crab corn on the cob. Where was the crab?  I had the mexican bbq shrinp and grits. Not sure exactly what was mexican about it..but it was good. DO NOT get the mole chicken. Its glorified chicken strips with honey bbq sauce. Cucumber jalepeno margarita was ok. The cucumber flavor was overpowering. Overall just ok. Make sure to take a pic by the neon sign.I have one word for you, my dear reader, if you happen to be reading this sad review. Overrated. Okay, perhaps you would like for me to elaborate. My wife and I wanted so badly to like this place. You see, New Orleans is devoid of excellent Mexican restaurants. Nolé is no exception to the below average Mexican scene that haunts the streets of NOLA. Aesthetically, Nolé looks cool. The coolness stops there. We had the guacamole, nachos, beer battered fish tacos, and brisket tacos. The guacamole was good....everything else was below average; lacking depth in flavor and character. The margaritas were extremely disappointing. There is nothing worse than watching your margaritas getting poured from a plastic jug; how were we to know whether the margaritas were shaken, not stirred...we will never know the truth! 
To summarize, if you are looking for below average Mexican and anoverall disappointing experience, this might be the place for you.This place is so cute and has the best ambiance. The prickly pear frose is bomb! But, the food is always mediocre at best. No flavor! Bland bland bland!!! Dont bother eating here! Just come for a drink and call it a day. I've tried several things on the menu, queso... cracklin...  flautas... tacos. They all have something in common... bland!Food was great, and the service was amazing! Neno and Jaira are the BESSSSSST  Definitely coming back!Got to try Nole before it officially opens and y'all have to go there!  Nothing like it in New Orleans. Phenomenal drinks and amazing food.Chic decor and fantastic food for a reasonable price! The BBQ shrimp was so good and already peeled except for the tails. The sauce was so good I ate it with a spoon but it also comes with fajitas. The fish tacos were so flavorful. My friend had the salmon atop lots of veggies. So tasty and fresh. I can't wait to go back!Food was wonderful, service was good, but food took a while to come out. They have developed an excellent concept, from decor, food, and cocktails.A tragedy. The food is bad, the flavor combinations are fundamentally incompatible. The "avocado salsa" was super blended avocado that looked like something other than food that I won't mention here. The space feels artificial, you can smell the cheap plastic from all the decorations. It was a huge space with like, 5 people actually eating there.  Did I mention the food was like, actually not good? Like it's not worth it, go to chipotle dude. Also the manager is kind of rude and got defensive when I was like "dude is this supposed to be guacamole or.....". Seriously like wouldn't recommend even just for the alcohol, which seemed like what the restaurant was betting on to pay for the immense investment of a pretty sterile and mediocre place to eat.Food was delicious but service was VERY slow. Plan to wait nearly a half hour after you are seated for your entire party to have a drink. Same deal for the entree and getting your check. Group ordered a variety of dishes and enjoyed them all.This place was pretty tasty. I came her for lunch on my spring break just for the street corn. The overall atmosphere was great! Beautiful decor and great service. I would come back for the dessert options too, but I was too full to try this time.Very cute restaurant on St. Charles! Love the ambience -- very spacious, plenty of seating both indoor and outdoor, and gorgeous decor. Seems to be a good spot for large parties. The booths didn't feel constricting because there were mirrors all around. The "Hola Y'all" lush wall is a great picturesque touch. 
Happy hour runs from 4-6:30pm every day. $5 margaritas or sangria, $15 pitchers of sangria/margarita/mojito, 2 for 1 draft beers. Had their red and white sangria -- both were delicious, and you can actually taste the wine! At lots of other places it kind of just tastes like fruit punch from concentrate. I wish there were some appetizer options on HH!
Blue crab corn - $9 for 3 small halves - delicious! The crab chunks are in the mayo sauce on the plate, not the corn itself. Very light flavor, and the corn was roasted perfectly. I scooped up every last bite of the sauce! 
Was pretty disappointed in the tacos. They have a 5 different options you can mix and match. 2 tacos come with 1 side, 3 tacos come with 2 sides. The red bean side was my favorite, as the green rice was way too salty. The crispy Latin box taco was nothing special in my opinion -- the shredded brisket was too oily/wet, so my taco fell apart the moment I picked it up. It's served with a crunchy taco shell (hence the "crispy" in its name) Would've worked better in nacho form with freshly made chips or something along those lines. I ended up just eating it broken on my plate with a fork. Sorry, but it tasted like overpriced Taco Bell... Corn fried oyster taco was much better! Oyster portion was pretty generous, well-seasoned. Soft taco, so it didn't fall apart like the Latin box.
Chicken Verde Enchilada -- way too salty, couldn't even finish it. Ingredients were quality and fresh, chicken was soft and moist, but the seasoning didn't quite do it for me, and I love enchiladas! 
Overall verdict -- for the price, this place just wasn't worth it for me. I'd gladly come back for appetizers and drinks during HH, but the tacos and entrees did not leave a good impression. Service was great though.. everyone was super happy to help and very friendly (:Love this place. The fried oyster tacos where amazing and the Nacho's can feed an army. I don't drink but I keep seeing the most colorful cocktails going by.  You can sit by the window in the terrace room and see the street car pass.  That's great for tourist.My wife and I stopped by for a late lunch on Wednesday afternoon and to my surprise it was basically empty. The bartender Scott was our server and he not only made our dining experience incredible he didn't let us down on the recommendations either! We had one of every taco,  black beans, blue crab street corn, and green rice. My wife being a very picky eater was hesitant to order the tacos straight from the menu but I'm glad we did. Every item was not only cooked to perfection, it tasted even better! We can't wait to come back for Taco Tuesday to try even more! Hands down I'll be recommending this restaurant to everyone!We stopped here after just getting into town. Such a wonderful experience. Everything that my party had was delicious. We had the blue crab corn, the queso dip, bbq shrimp and green enchiladas. All were absolutely amazing. We each had a different margarita that were each on point. Bread pudding was amazing, ask for the dessert menu, you won't regret it! Service was friendly and accommodating.Fantastic place & my first time review here. We came on a Wed night and Margaritas are only $5. ( and very good!) We split the the natchos which are piled high as well as the crab corn ( no I couldn't taste the crab but it was still great and it's 3 pieces so great to share). We decided to try the choc desert and it was good! I will be back - and as long as it remains this good, back many times. I can't wait to try other items on menu! Everything- the waiter, the food, the decor was outstanding and our bill tonight was sooo reasonable. It gets 5 stars plus- Think it will be a go to for a while.Ridiculously good food and equally delicious drinks (blackberry margarita pictured). Very clean restaurant, modern decor and inviting atmosphere, lots of seating, and two separated bar areas with plenty of spacious seating. We didn't try the sangria, but we watched the bartender make it from scratch! We started with the chips and trio salsa. Then, I got the blue crab street corn, which was to die for, the duck empanadas with a pineapple salsa, and a side of verde rice. My friend got the salmon entree. Everything was scrumptious and we certainly will be back to try more! Al Jr. hit another home run with this one! Oh. And Al, himself, was walking around talking to everyone, making sure everyone was enjoying themselves. Superb service!The fish tacos are the best fish tacos I've ever had, HANDS DOWN. My boyfriend had the oyster tacos and raved about them. We also had chicken flautas that were amazing. (Usually I love big star fish tacos but this beats them) I didn't realize this place was brand new when we came. Everyone we interacted with had such a great attitude and was so welcoming from the manager to our server Kelsey. THANK YOU! I will definitely be back.The presentation of the food is nice. The food itself was lukewarm and just ok. Not worth the price at all. We were a party of about 8 people and everything took forever to come out. We had the guacamole dip which was decent it did need some salt, the queso was ok as well the problem was that it wasn't warm. The taco were also cold and nothing to write home about. All of that could be overlooked but it was treatment by our waitress Felisha that lead me to write this review. She was horrible and very condescending to us.  After receiving the checks she told our table only "please remember I work for tips, so please don't forget to tip"  I wanted to grab my billfold and take my tip back. I've NEVER had a server tell me anything like that before. She wasn't even good but I assumed she was having a bad day but when she dropped that comment I was offended and I won't be back to Nole' because of her.Love it! Super cute spot with the best servers and vibes! I went for lunch and sat outside on the patio. Although, it was hot outside the large umbrellas were amazing. I ordered the corn appetizer and the fried chicken fajitas. Both were really good and the fajitas were so much even after sharing I was still left with a goodie bag. Those black beans were to die for, there were little pieces of shredded meat all throughout the dish. Even the desserts were quite tasty. I will certainly be going back!Very very slow service.  Went to lunch at 1 and didn't leave until 4.  Not because we wanted to sit and chat for that long!  Luckily I had fantastic company.I went with my family for mother's day. They had the special mothers day menu so not everything was available. Their reasoning was because certain items would take too long to make. Ok, that seems reasonable. But then everything took so much time. We got there for 12 and the place was not busy at all, very empty. The appetizers took 20 minutes. It was chips and salsa we ordered. Why so long?
Next for the main course, we ordered tacos, how long can that take? 30-40 minutes for 5 tacos. Pretty slow. I don't know if this was due to mothers day. I'd like to try out the place again for their normal menu, but it's just so off putting when you take that long for basic tacos that came luke warm. Rum House or numerous other places can make these same tacos a lot faster for less of a price.Nole' is a very swanky restaurant with amazing "instagram-worthy" decor! To get straight to the point, the main entrees were okay. I have had the enchiladas and tacos. However, I do appreciate their appetizers very much! I highly recommend their blue crab corn and their ginormous nachos. Their nachos is literally topped with everything, from refried beans, cheese, jalepenos, you name it, they got it! If you have a chance, definitely come try this place out!Finally some good found that we found in New Orleans! We got chips with queso and salsa as an app. Delicious all the different dips. My two friends got the street corn which they said was pretty good. We all got tacos which were also delicious as well. I got the Blackened Chicken Tinga Tacos. Very good. This place is very clean. We just happened to be there for happy hour which was a bonus. We got a whole marg pitcher for 15$. Between 3 of us we each got 2 glasses plus two to go cups from the pitcher.Ran across this new spot and decided to stop and give them a try. The food is amazing and my server Wayne was awesome and I can't leave out his trainee Destiny she's definitely learning from the best.Had a wonderful experience here!
This is a gem in the St. Charles area. Just three minutes away from i-10. Has two bars and valet!! It's like, too good to be true. A NOLA treasure at best. 
I really enjoyed Al's chicken fajita, fried chicken and corn on cob. The ambiance is beautiful and happy hours are nice.Honestly, I was excited to try Nolé and the only reason this place is getting more than 1 Star is because our waitress was kind, empathic, and very understanding. She was great. The food was subpar. Multiple times for multiple dishes we asked to substitute the red beans for black and somehow EVERY DISH included the red beans. Additionally, for 2 out of our 3 orders, we made sure the dish didn't include pork and it was conveyed MULTIPLE times that the dishes didn't include pork.. yet again somehow, the dishes had pieces of pork hidden in the two of the dishes. 
Just awful. 
Never again.Not pleased at all. We had a reservation for 8:15. Arrived at 8:05 and were told "your table is ready, but we're not seating you until 8:15." Then we weren't even seated until after 8:15. After being seated and waiting 10 minutes, we were approached by the hostess to order drinks. We ordered simple drinks (all house Margs) plus an order of salsa and queso. Then 15 minutes we were approached by our actual waiter. We then figured out it would be necessary to put our entree order. Our appetizers came out 30 minutes into the meal followed by our drinks 37 minutes into the meal. I could go on, but I will some up by saying they weren't over-crowded so there was no reason for slow service for simple things like margaritas, chips, and dip. Very disappointed.So this place was so cute and such a refreshing experience!! I was greeted by Whitney, she was so fun and energetic, that's as soon as she started talking,  I knew we would have a great time! I I ate the blue crab street corn to start and let me tell you it was delicious. I wanted a healthier option as an entree and Whitney recommended the hickory grilled salmon and let me tell you!!! I almost licked the plate clean! She was wonderful, between her and Wayne, who was my server, I was so pleased! Wayne was exceptional! Whitney was doing so much with such a positive attitude, she was the hostess but she was also assisting with tables. Lastly one of my friends couldn't make it last minute so I ordered her a quesadilla to-go and she said it was "THE BOMB". So even ordering to-go, we weren't disappointed! Thank you Nolé for having such amazing employees and even more amazing food. Def will be back!!!!Really poor dining experience since the grand opening...we had a large group of about 18 on a Saturday night and the service was terrible, drinks took too long to come out after being ordered and most of the food came out cold...really disappointed since I recommended a large group visiting from out of town that this would be a great place based on my prior experience, but I was wrong.SO..a friend has been dying to try Nole and I told her I'd go and give them another chance SO GLAD I DID. In just the few weeks since my last visit I can tell they've reworked a few items and added a lot more to the menu. 
We came for happy hour at 4 when only the bar is open thinking we'd just hangout for drinks and maybe move to a table once the dining room opened but Willie was such a great bartender we ended up staying right there at the bar!
The red sangria was just as amazing as I remembered as were the prickly pear frose and black berry margarita. They offer a flight of all three of their margaritas and while the frozen house still isn't a favorite the other two were so creative and flavorful. 
We got the guacamole to start, I was thrown off by the idea of the chopped pecans but it actually added a nice crunch, huge improvement in the tortilla chips as well they are super light and slightly puffed now, much more authentic.
We split the carnitas tacos and the summer squash tacos. The squash tacos weren't on the menu last time I came by so I love that they are constantly adding seasonal options and keeping it creative. Both were great.
Now for the mole. WOW! Nole chicken mole with pecans and sweet potatoes. I could probably enjoy this every day. Perfect balance of sweet and salty smoky and savory. 
Also notable, this place was not packed and we left around 8pm on a Tuesday. So if you're looking for somewhere to enjoy taco Tuesday with some great specials, margaritas and not have to fight crowds or wait for a table in shouting it from the rooftops now, check out nole!So...I've been here 3 or 4 times and have never been impressed with the service or the food. Neither were bad but neither were exceptionally good either. I am a big fan of the street corn but everything else I've had has left something to be desired. The drinks are usually pretty good though. My last trip docked them a star on this review. On my last go around, I came with a group for a birthday dinner. I made it just in time to take advantage of their happy hour, which is a good one, so I got a whole pitcher of mojito for $15. Worst mojito I've ever had. For my entree, I ordered shrimp and crab enchiladas. I kid you not when I say they were the size of a roll of quarters. They had about one shrimp in each of the three enchiladas and I didn't spot even a speck of crab meat. The rice and beans came out family style and they were left barely touched by a table of 6 people. I will say the queso was pretty good. I ordered mac and cheese as a side and it was okay in flavor but the cheese was like water. The noodles were swimming. We had a server who had just started and tried to be understanding but he couldn't answer not one of our questions (when does happy hour end, can you order this with steak, doesn't this special come with a free margarita as listed on this paper). He had to go and ask the manager every single time and it took forever. It seems like some training was lacking. All in all, I MIGHT come back by for a drink but the food is a no go for me.Brunch options were nice, but the bottomless white sangria mysteriously turned into straight up orange juice after my second one. We told the waiter they forgot the wine/liquor in the drink, he apologized and took them away. brought them back with orange juice and a splash(?) of something, but def was not the white sangria we had been sipping on!! $15 for bottomless sangria turned into 2 + trying to fool us with orange juice and garnish fruit slice. Started off great, left disappointed.This isn't your typical review because I've never actually set foot in this restaurant. My mom gave me leftovers she had from here, a fish taco, at her hotel. 60 seconds in the microwave made me appreciate the spice profile and the well cooked texture. Not every places food aged well, even if it's less than a day, so I feel like this deserves some credit to the chef.First let me say there was nothing wrong with the staff, including servers and valet guys.  All were great and polite.  The location is cool too.  Not inconvenient at all.  Its just  ... kinda.. meh.   With all due respect. I was really looking forward to trying this place and I did in probably the best way(or worst) with a large group.  That is always good to shake them up when a bunch of indecisive pole come strolling in not knowing what they want.  Nope.  They handled us fast , friendly and the food came at a good pace.   No long breaks between apps and the main meal.   Refreshing the chips and chicharones was on point.  It was the food.  All cooked as advertised and looked just like the wonderful previous Yelpers posted.  Consistent no doubt.   Just didn't have any bold flavors.   I wasn't thrown off by the oyster tacos... I get it. Gotta "Nolafy" it, but im talking like basic flavors.  I never add salt to my food.  My tortilla soup needed salt.   My carnitas tacos needed something.  It just didn't hit with me.  I don't regret coming here, and I wouldn't tell you not to visit, just didn't do it for me.I've spent 15 years as a chef, 10 of those under the Brennen family of restaurants in New Orleans. Jackson was our waiter, and I've honestly never had better service. He was honest, knowledgeable, and genuine. I may adopt him! The food was absolutely fantastic too! Fried chicken fajitas are outta this world. Order them, or you're wrong!I had a great dinner at Nole! This was for a private event in the backroom. One of my new favorite casual restaurants in town. I tried a number of different things. The house frozen margaritas were great, even though I am not a huge margarita fan, these were the perfect blend of salty and sweet. The cracklins were awesome too, another thing I am not a huge fan of normally, these had a great pork-y flavor. I got the fried chicken fajitas which were HUGE! I could have split these with another person and we would have had plenty! I also tried the bread pudding which was awesome, one of my favorites. I will definitely be back!I love the concept of this new restaurant on St Charles -- a mixture of Latin and New Orleans cuisine. After reading some Yelp reviews and taking a look a the menu online, I decided the food sounded good enough to try for myself. I brought a friend who was visiting from out of town and we walked in about an hour before closing. First off, the restaurant itself is huge and beautifully decorated. We were seated immediately and greeted by out waiter.
We tried the avocado salad, Nole guac, blue crab street corn and beer battered local fish taco. Everything had great flavors! I especially loved the avocado salad because of the mixture of different textures - creamy, crunchy, salty, etc. It was so good my friend said she could eat it every day! I was especially surprised that I enjoyed the fish taco because I'm from San Diego (home of the best fish tacos, in my opinion). It was a tasty New Orleans take on the fish tacos I'm used to since it had a lime creole cream cheese.
What a great experience at Nole! Not only is it a beautiful restaurant with delicious (affordable) food, the service was on point as well. Our server was very attentive and they didn't rush us to finish even though it was after closing time. One of the staff even offered to take a photo of my friend and I when he saw us posing in front of their plant wall. I will definitely make plans to return and try their cochon de lait paella and more tacos.Horrible service and tried to scam me with the check. Okay food but would not recommend. My bill changed three times and the server and manager would not accommodate my concern with the check.I really, really wanted to love this place. I love Mexican, and I support all new restaurants opening in New Orleans because I know the first few months are so important for business. With that being said, I have never been so sick in my life. I got the most violent food poisoning, I have ever had. Within a few hours, I was crying on my bathroom floor. The food was also expensive and very bland. Service was terrible. The decor is adorable so props to the interior design team, but other than that I would never recommend this place to anyone.So good! For being less than a year old this place, drinks, their menu, staff, everything was great.  Whitney, the hostess, was super welcoming and had great recommendations when I asked her favorites in the way to the table. 
Blue crab corn is the MUST!Just visited for a date night after different folks mentioning it, the advertisements, and reading the yelp reviews.
 I believe the owners are paying attention to the reviews here for a couple of reasons.  One, the reviews complained about the queso.  Both our bartender and our server mentioned that the queso recipe been redone.  Also, in addition to our server, two different people who appeared to be managers came by our table multiple times to ask if things were ok.   I ordered Sangria, Hibiscus margarita, and the chicken taco.  All were good.  My wife ordered a glass of pinot and the fish tacos.  Her tacos didn't have too much fish but she really enjoyed them.  The queso, which seems to be a point of contention in different reviews, was good enough so we ordered seconds.  Note, you do not have to have the fried okra in it.   The okra is just on the side.  Didn't care for that and just stuck to plain ole tortilla chips. 
  I would say if you're looking for a more diner-type atmosphere; try Saritas.  If you're looking for a more cozier atmosphere; try Care Borrega.  BUT if you're looking for a more hip, chic, Latin flair for St Charles; hit Nole.The two stars was for the amazing last minute service I received but the food in this restaurant is far from amazing so I lopped off 3 stars. 
First of all i should know better because im a latina.
Second this is not in any way Mexican food. This is creole food with mexican inspiration which should not be combined in these combos it was kinda gross to say the least. 
The salsa trio was slimy because they incorporated okra and not in a tasty way. 
The red salsa tasted like tomato paste nothing seemed to be added it was just like straight up tomato paste. (See pictures) 
The carnitas tacos were kinda okay but the rice and beans had no business on this ontre the flavor was just off aa hell. I would have been alittle more happy with one more taco and no rice and beans.This place was very visually appealing with its bright pink neon lights that says 'HOLA YA'LL' was super picturesque. The restaurant was inside a hotel and street parking may be quite difficult since it is on St.Charles. Inside, there is a bar area, and as well as area with big windows featuring the busy St. Charles streets. 
Blue Crab Street Corn: it was good but I felt that the blue Crab taste was overpowered by the creamy sauce it laid in. Overall the dish was sub par compared to move Mexican corn I have tried before. 
What made the trip really worth it was the Al's southern bone-in fried chicken fajitas! The taste was very seasoned with a lot of spice and flavor almost like Popeyes chicken but even BETTER! The flour tortillas also came in a little cute mitt pocket hot and ready to roll! There was also four sauces that you were able to add on it and all was very delish!My other half and I tried this place last night and it was super cute! It's a large restaurant with a trendy ambiance. We ordered the Mexican corn with crab and queso dip for starters. The corn was delicious! The queso was good, non offensive. It came with a few pieces of fried pickled okra which was a nice touch. For our main dishes we ordered the corn fried oyster tacos and the smoked brisket enchiladas. The tacos were okay, a tid bit salty. You miss the oysters in the midst of the toppins in and sauce. The enchiladas were pretty solid, I would order them again but would probably try a few other things first. The main dish portions are smaller which is great if you get starters but might be too small if you only get main dishes. We also enjoyed house margaritas which were on special for $4! So that was a lovely surprise. Overall I give it 4 stars because the service was great, the food was good but not the best I've had. Definitely worth a try!Just tried for the first time through Waitr. Rather disappointed. Food was mediocre tasting. Also, $15 for 2 fish tacos is a little ridiculous.My first time here & My experience was AMAZING!!! Zach was our waiter & his customer service was exceptional! The food is so delicious & the sangria as well!I went to Nole' with high hopes but left feeling let down.
This is how it went.:
We were greeted warmly and seated right away.  Our waiter came by within a couple of minutes with menus and gave us a quick rundown of customer favorites. I ordered a red sangria, blue crab street corn, and an avocado salad with grilled shrimp.
Our drinks were delivered to our table pretty quickly, but our corn and salad took about 25 minutes. As it was very busy and things were taking a while, we placed our taco order and hoped they'd make it to us quickly. They did.
Now for the food rundown.
My sangria was delicious! Sweet, and fruity - lots of citrus flavor.  
The blue crab street corn was ok, but where was the crab? We were scratching our heads. 
The avocado salad was good. The dressing was light and fresh - but an avocado salad should have lots of avocado.  There were only a few tiny cubes of avocado and the grilled shrimp were undercooked. 
The oyster tacos each had just one oyster and they were cold. Not lukewarm either - they were cold. The carnitas tacos were just as cold. The flavor of the tacos was excellent, but I have an issue with cold fried seafood. 
Our black beans and green rice were warm, but I had literally about 3 beans in my bowl (lots of juice/gravy) and the rice was brown, not green.
Please know that our waiter seemed to be doing his best. He was really busy and we saw him flit from table to table. I showed him that there were no beans in my bowl and he looked like a deer in the headlights. No "I'm sorry" or offer to get me another bowl. Just nothing. We didn't complain about anything else. Everyone's food seemed to be taking forever and we really just wanted to go.Don't worry they VALET! Walking in from the side you can't help but excited to come in! Stopped by Tuesday with friends to have a little Tac Tuesday and left well pleased. Nolé is perfect for large groups or even flying solo if you wanted. You can sit at the bar or alone in a table but make sure you don't miss the LED sign and take a picture to remember your stay. 
Happy Hour is just an added bonus and you won't be disappointed in your drinks. Between friends, we got a pitcher of sangria and drinks the house margaritas and they were a great mix. The house margarita is strong and sweet and the sangria is everything you'd want it to be and go the whole taco Tuesday experience with great deals on tacos and drinks this place is everything you need in one.I like nolé! Their food is good. Jackson served me and my girlfriends and we had a great time. Come eat at nolé and order fish tacos!Went for lunch today! Veryyyyy large space and they have valet. They have a beautiful outside waiting area along with a few tables to sit outside. We were greeted very kindly and chose a booth to sit in. Lots and lots of space! Everything is decorated to the max! Cool light fixtures, awesome art and friendly staff. 
Food - queso app - delicious! Could be a little more cheese dip in the bowl. My husband and I shared it and were done pretty quickly so I feel like if you had a large table you would need to order multiples. Blue crab street corn - probably the best thing in the menu. The crema sauce on with the chunks of blue crab! Wowwwww! Melted in your mouth. 
I got the oyster taco which was absolutely amazing and the Latin box taco which was ok. Sides - not many so I chose back beans and they were ok as well. 
Staff was friendly and attentive, manager came to the table to ask how we were which was nice. 
They have happy hour every day 4-6pm. 
Place is great. I really liked it but I'm concerned its too big for the size of menu. I imagine the rent is high and I know it's a new place but we were like the only people in there.I went here for my girlfriend's early birthday and everything was fantastic! We had a small group of seven so we ordered various menu items to share with the table. Our server Erica was great! She took our orders efficiently and made sure it came out quick and with no problems. I'd definitely recommend the Blue Crab Street Corn, Nachos Latinos, and the Southern Bone-In Fried Chicken Fajitas!  The theme of the restaurant was very casual and welcoming with a stylish touch of modernism. I would definitely come here again!Great execution with the Latino decorative aura. The place is hospital clean and spacious the booths are comfortable. They have mirrors at head level on each side of the booths so you can immerse yourself in vanity or watch the tube behind you.
Our server David was fantastic! Very polite and knowledgeable about the food. However, given the following food I had I would not have picked some items if i'd seen pictures posted on YELP. I do not have social media with the exception of some needed only apps to navigate life. I was told they have updated items on Facebook.
We had the blue crab Street corn. Presentation was great, but lacked flavor. Needed more tajin, Parmesan cheese and at least a lime on the side. The blue crab smell was overwhelming as well.  Next up were  the fried chicken fajitas. New Orleans knows how to do some chicken!!! Flavorful, crunchy and no extra seasoning. Also had the seafood coctal. It was okay. I would recommend this establishment, but will try some new dishes in the near future.The restaurant offers small plates and entrees. The small plates are shareable, akin to tapas dishes. The Blue Crab street corn, which is a tasty dish, but isn't what you would imagine when you hear the name. It is small pieces of corn on the cob, standing upright in a shallow, chunky puddle of cream sauce flavored with shredded blue crab. The corn itself is covered with a sauce and spices and roasted to bring out the flavors.  I am picky about my empanadas because it is easy to make the crust thick and hard but their Duck Confit empanadas were filled just perfectly with the duck and the crust was flaky. 
The Latin Nachos were tall and overflowing with layers upon layers of flavor. There were very few naked nachos, and they were hidden deep. I also ordered Pecan encrusted carnitas tacos. The flavoring was inspirational, which might have you wanting to lick your fingers. 
I like that the restaurant hands out printed recipe cards with the check. It's a nice personal touch.
There were just two things that were a little annoying.... in one of the stalls in the women's bathroom, the toilet paper roll is mounted so low that I had to bend so far over while sitting just to reach it. The other annoying little factor is if you sit on the patio, the chairs are metal and small. The backs are attached narrowly at the side and anyone who is larger than size 4 or who has hips will not fit comfortably. Otherwise, Nolé, we will meet again!I love their food would  recommend it but would not make my usual place to go the people aroud us are rowdy and loud.Had an excellent meal at Nolé yesterday with a group of five. Sampled many dishes and drinks and all were delicious! 
Can highly recommend the guacanolé, queso, and papas bravas apps. Blackened fish tacos were killer, catfish and red beans and rice were also a hit, and the shrimp and crab enchiladas were super tasty as well. Definitely gonna have to come back for the bone-in chicken fajitas. Have a bunch of build-your-own tacos, and some pre-built ones too (the fish tacos were). As for drinks, blackberry margarita and green chili mule were winners.
Super friendly service too, and a cool space to boot. Definitely a nice addition to this part of St. Charles!Pass. 
Mexican fusion. Good concept, poor execution.  
Chorizo and andouille queso was bland. Taste like melted cream cheese. The meat was lost all together.  Served with unimpressive not house made tortilla chips. 
Tacos sounded creative. I went with brisket and carnitas. Brisket came in cheap Taco Bell style crunchy shell.  Wasn't specified in the menu and server didn't ask a preference.  Immediate turn off.  Brisket inside was loaded with bbq sauce - all I could taste.  Carnitas next was even more disappointing. I've eaten a lot of carnitas in my day, this isn't carnitas. It's more like pork chili verde. Tiny chunks of fried? Or overcooked or pork.  Side of green rice was a mushy bland mess. The red beans were the best thing I ate here.This was such a great find! The food was incredible and the service was outstanding. Sade (our server) gave us great recommendations and was awesome all the way around! Great environment for kids! Highly recommend!!!House margaritas made by Wille ... The bomb . Fried chicken I slapped Wille for them . Had a good time good food and conversationI really appreciate this restaurant and the aesthetic it offers. I've been a few times at this point and the food just doesn't blow me away. Not a spot to go to if you're craving Mexican food. They do offer a good happy hour special and that's great. The Wednesday all day happy hour is what keeps me coming backSo good and Joshua  was amazing! Best guacamole you'll ever have! Tuna tostadas perfect for a light snack when walking around St. Charles and the Garden District.This is my first time here and I must say that I loved everything about this place. The decor the vibe everything about this place was cool. Now the food was sooo good we cleaned our plates. We had the queso and the guacamole for starters and I had the beer battered fish tacos and everything was 5 stars. They even made a non-alcoholic margarita for me. Also the waiter Jeremie was the best waiter I have ever had he was very nice and our food came out pretty quickly.Willie at the bar was amazing! I came here, even though, I heard a bad review but I decided to give it a try. Let me tell you: sit at bar and ask for Willie. Get a pitcher of the red sangria and thank me later!!!DRAG BRUNCH! Went to Nolé for their first ever (and my first ever) drag brunch.  Had a large group and Nolé handled us and the event perfectly! We had so much fun. The servers all around were absolutely amazing and waited on us hand and foot with whatever we needed. They were also having just as much fun as we were. The food was very tasty and buffet was presented very well. Every person involved made it a fantastic experience. Can't wait to go back for their next event!I have been to Nole a few times now and the food is always excellent!  Great twist on latin food.  The cajun flare makes it one of a kind in New Orleans!  I love all the fun decor.  It is a fun place for groups or just a couple.  Make sure to get the fish tacos and don't miss the dessert!We celebrated a birthday party here. It's definitely instagram photo worthy. They will not sit you until you've got your entire group there. Service was pretty decent for such a large party. My only complaint was the alcohol menu and food menu was pretty short. There wasn't much to choose from. The normal alcohol drinks were pretty small. Our table ended up ordering a few pitchers of margaritas. If you have someone who's birthday is coming up, I would consider this place. They do a little sparkler show with these rice milk shots (do not include alcohol) which was delicious.Food was not that great. We had a large party but it wasn't busy. Almost everyone's food was cold. Our drinks from the bar also took 30 mins to get to the table and they weren't that great. Margarita tastes like all mix and the jalepeno cucumber margarita was very spicy (3/3 people couldn't drink it at my table).
Service was not that great. Our waitress didn't explain menu items, seemed confused when we asked questions,  food and drinks took entirely too long considering the place wasn't even packed.
Overall, pretty mediocre...but cute atmosphere.Came here after a very long day and not in the best of moods, but the food and amazing service from our waitress Kelsey definitely brightened all of our days. We shared dishes and my favorites were the fried chicken and the plantains foster split.I returned! With s group this time took awhile for our party of 6 to get seated even though we called ahead to make sure since it was memorial day weekend.
This time around I tried the chorizo and andouille queso it was alot of queso but only sprinklers of chorizo & I assume drippings w a square piece of not fully melted cheese in the middle. This was looked past due to the hunger from the wait but the semi stale chips that arrived with them couldn't be overlooked
The other app ordered were the chicken flautas. It was a order of 3 that were deep fried with a unique corn bean & okra mix in a thimble. Could've gotten a box of 12 from Walmart for less unfortunately. 
The duck empanadas literally tastes just like the chicken so ill say pass on them.
The saving grace was the fried chicken fajitas. Literally fried chicken w little tortillas and some sauces. The chicken was great alone. I believe Nole should just turn into a bougie chicken spot the the a la carte tacos outside of the oyster one doesn't fit the price mark & $8 for that one is still steep.
From my 2 visits I'll say chicken quesadilla, Al's Fried Chicken & Chips salsa & Cracklings are good. It'll be a while if i ever do return.Great Food and Great Drinks! Willie is the best!!  We definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting New Orleans!Cannot say enough about this spot. Have had dinner service and brunch service and have been beyond impressed with service, consistency in food and amazing cocktails. Definitely giving you that Copeland's of years past standard of service. Having my brunch group's private holiday party there in December. Love the atmosphere!We came here for pre bachelorette festivities! If you're looking for a girls night vibe of a restaurant this is your place. The restaurant provides a free valet service so parking was a breeze. Nole is huge, so large parties should def consider giving this place a try. I booked a reservation online through open table and we received a confirmation call which was nice. The food was really tasty! They provide complimentary popcorn and plantain chips. The chorizo queso was so good, def order it. Everyone enjoyed their food and we would love to return again!I will give this newly designed restaurant that is part of the Copeland family A++++. The interior is absolutely beautiful. Big open concept and a really unique tequila room in the back of restaurant that can booked for private parties. The exterior offers outdoor casual seating with a nice decor.  The margaritas was perfect. Enjoyed the guacamole and chips, some of the best guacamole in the city. The location is connected to a hotel so this is an ideal restaurant for tourist traveling to NOLA. Overall this concept is a perfect compliment to this foodie city. I definitely plan to visit weekly. And I understand they run special pricing every Wednesday.  You want be disappointed with this new establishment on St Charles. 
Last night I ate the Mexican shrimp and grits and wow. Incredible food unique menu options top service beautiful atmosphere. Luv this place. At must visit for someone visiting the great city of NOLA.I live in walking distance and really wanted this to be great, because I'm a huge mexican/latin american traveler and fan. My overall impression of this place is that they are catering to a catch-all tourist tongue. 
Drinks: The margaritas gave no hint of a buzz :(. 3 of us shared, so I was able to taste many. They tasted fine, but too sweet and weak for locals (we tried the house, premium, hibiscus, and jalapeno cucumber). 
Food: overall disappointing. The queso was totally acceptable, but a teeny serving. Everything, in fact, except for the nachos, was presented as a teeny serving - which would be 100% great if the quality were better. The cheese enchiladas were passable, but I didn't want to try more than a couple of bites because the flavor didn't drive me back. The vegetarian tacos were lackluster, and the majority of the vegetable part was just onion. Zucchini is great, but I would suggest to them mushrooms, peppers and more tomatoes with that, maybe even corn?, and onion only as a supporting role. The rice was disappointing, more like Uncle Ben's than anything I've had in Latin America. Bland and over-watered. The chips and salsa were great, and the nacho eater thought those were fine. Note that ALL beans at this restaurant have pork in them (kudos to our very good server, who knew what was in everything). Finally, we tried a potato appetizer that was fine. Had a good cream sauce. Nothing was spicy (again leading me to find this a tourist restaurant and not for locals) and a request for spice brought bottled hot sauce, rather than, say, a spicy pico de gallo. 
Finally, I was perhaps most disappointed with the obvious lack of interest they expressed in having vegetarians as guests. The menu is disappointing in that regard, (and we are only growing in number!). An incredible chef I know remarked that you don't really know how to cook, if you have to rely on the meat for flavor. 
I would suggest the owners visit the extraordinarily successful Casa Borrega (Mexico City-Mexican, and Juan's Flying Burrito (Tex-Mex) that are in close proximity, to see what is really pleasing the masses in a range of prices. I would LOVE to come back in the late spring and discover a new approach here and a new place to walk for margaritas. It looks like they sunk a ton of money into this place. But maybe all they need is tourist income, what do I know.No Thanks.
I came here with a friend for an early lunch on Sunday. At that time they serve a brunch menu. It's sort of a limited menu. There are a few odd appetizers, tacos, egg dishes, and expensive plates to choose from.
They do not offer complimentary chips and salsa. You can purchase an order of chips with Cracklins though (eww...). We decided to try the Blue Crab Street Corn. It was decent.
For our entrees we got the Brisket Tacos and the Squash Tacos. Both came with a side of Black Beans and Green Rice. The Black Beans were edible. The Green Rice had no flavor and was blah.
The Squash Tacos were absolutely inedible. One bite and all we tasted was plastic. I don't know if it was rancid oil or if some small piece of plastic was cooked into it. (Most likely bad oil.)
The Brisket Tacos were loaded up with sauce of some sort. I tried to pick through it until the server eventually meandered over. We told her the Squash Tacos were bad. She removed them from the table and said to pick a different taco. After that bad taste, I didn't rust any of it. She kept pushing to order and said she highly recommended the Carnitas Tacos, so we reluctantly said ok.
I picked at my Brisket Taco in the meantime. I found a couple chunks of pure fat - no meat. It was disgusting. So I set it aside. The server came back with the new tacos and took the "Brisket" plate away. She glanced at the fat pieces but did not comment.
We then tried the "Carnitas" tacos. We are used to Carnitas as being shredded Pork. Here it is served as fried little chunks of Pork - ok. It basically tasted like Bacon and was really odd.
When the server brought the check she had voided the Squash and charged me for the Carnitas which were more expensive. (!!!) I would rather not have had anything. For $40.00 we left still hungry since we really only ate the Corn and some of the Black Beans. Was a waste of money that could have been better spent elsewhere. 
This was a very disappointing lunch for sure and both of us will not return here.First time here and everything went great! Food came out hot and fresh! Our waitress, Erica, make sure everything went as it plan to be. Check on us with a beautiful smile. Would definitely come back for another round! Thank you for having us!Super cute spot! Went for Sunday brunch with my family and it was great. We had Molly as our server, we was very attentive to make sure we had what we needed. The food was good, I especially enjoyed their avocado salsa. I ordered off of their Coolinary menu and enjoyed each course. I look forward to going back and trying more of their menu.Nice ambience!!! Well decorated, nice rustic doors on wall. I went on taco Tuesday. The meal was $8 2 tacos, green rice & beans.  Not bad at all. I noticed the people who are sitting next to me the manager asked him how was the experience. But she did not come over and check with me. I feel with managers go around they shouldn't just go to one person. This place seems pretty chill, good place to hang out with some friends and get food and drinks.I typically stay away from restaurants attached to hotels, but Nole was a great find during a recent trip to New Orleans. Sade, our server, was so fantastic - great service and recommendations - she didn't steer us wrong.  We split the catfish beans and rice (oh my goodness!!!), the delicious queso, and some happy hour margaritas. The chips and salsa were also very tasty - hard to control ourselves until the food arrived. There are a few items that are the perfect creole/latin blend so get those instead of the typical latin fare you'd get somewhere else.A great spot with an excellent menu! We went for lunch on a Saturday, which was surprisingly slow, but the service was excellent. I would recommend eating family style, because you will want to try every dish! My favorite was the papas bravas appetizer - fries with habañero ranch sauce on the side. The presentation was great, and you can tell the owners spent a lot of time on interior decor as well. Come fill this place up so it has energy along with the amazing dishes and interior design!Our server, Sade, was the whole 5-star review! She made us feel so welcomed on a bachelorette weekend dinner. Food was delicious. Ambience was lovely.Loved the service! Zack was great! Gave us great suggestions, the sangria was great! I'm pretty picky when it comes to my drinks and the sangria was so good that you can not taste the alcohol, but don't forget it has plenty. The food was great! The nachos were so good! I also have their tings tacos; so good.Nole' is one of my favorite spots to visit when I'm home! I go for the food but stay for the Margarita! The street corn is a really good starter and can serve as a meal if you're not too hungry. I've tried to seafood cocktail, blackened fish tacos, and the veggie tacos. The tacos come with some spicy, really good black beans and rice. The service is ok. Each time I go I'm greeted with: What can I do for you? But that's not until I'm sitting at the bar for a few minutes. The service gets better, gradually. OR maybe because I'm an easy guest, I just think it's getting better. I will say, I'd like to be greeted upon seating, and maybe checked on after I've had two bites of food, you know, to make sure I like what I'm eating! 
There's a cute wall to take pics in front of (I think that's why some people go!) and the atmosphere is pretty chill. Valet is free, so that's a plus, but Bring cash to tip a little!
Overall, I enjoy the food, and love my house margarita, but the service could be a tad better!
Geaux, see for your self!Service is spotty. People next to  is asked to move because no server showed up after 20 minutes. This was at 6:30 Friday night. Seems like the menu is just trying too hard to be unique. Queso dip had crispy chorizo over dome nacho sauce. Cracklings mixed with the chips. Doesn't go together. The plain salsa was good but it came with slimy okra salsa and avocado dip. Too many other awesome new type Mexican eateries to go back here. Left waiter 18% anyway.Very good fusion Central American food, reasonably priced, free valet parking. 
The menu is very appealing, kind of Central American comfort food with NOLA bits thrown in. I had blackened fish tacos. Fresh fish, pico and a light cream sauce. She had cheese enchiladas, at least some. I ate about half her order. 
Black beans and red beans were all tasty. The red beans were spicy. Chips were fresh made and the salsa was thick. 
I also recommend the guacamole. Fresh made with lots of unexpected flavors.I was very anxious to try out the new Nole restaurant formally know as Coplands cheesecake bistro. 
This is a completely different beautifully redesigned space that has a comfortable more intimate atmosphere. The menu is one page and precise and to the point. They also have drink specials for happy hour w $5 margaritas. The staff was very friendly and informative too. 
I had a chip & pork rind appetizer($6) w 3 different sauces creamy Guac, smoked salsa & a pickled okara, tomato & onion. It was very tasty and a nice portion for the price. The main I had a chicken quesadilla very tasty and perfect portion for around ($10).
Ill definitely return to check out more of the menu but I enjoyed my 1st visit.I can't say enough wonderful thing.   The food was amazing the staff was courteous and on their toes.    I had a wonderful time.   I highly recommend you stop in and enjoy your dinning experience    It's also a great place for a special eventAl's southern fried chicken fajitas were absolutely phenomenal!  Couldn't believe what my mouth was tasting, you need to try it!This restaurant is pretty horrible and over priced. Don't go here. I think there are much better places in a NOLA. No experience just overpriced. They put pecans in the gauc. Weird place, bad service, average margs. This is not where you want to spend your time in nola trust me I live here.Amazing... Our Server was named Jeremie and he was able to guide us through the menu. This was our first time visiting the restaurant but when I tell you we will definitely be back. Everything we ordered was great. The Pear frosé, blackened gulf fish taco, queso dip and guacamole was all amazing. They made our first time great..We just had queso, blue crab street corn and Nina jalapenos with a pitcher of margaritas during happy hour!  Delicious!  Can't wait for entrees, if they are even half as good as apps they will be delicious.  How did I not know about this place sooner?  Will be back! Our waiter Ryan was awesome!  Highly recommended.