This place is great! All they do is pork Ramen and they do it well. I ordered the half spicy ramen and it was the perfect amount of spice. The pork itself is so good and has a sweetness to it that made the whole Ramen dish sweet and spicy. The pork was so tender, ti could fall apart. 
I loved the ambience with the comic strip wall and the waving cats on the top shelf bear the ceiling too! Service was fast and excellent.Don't let the small menu deter you, the available options are so delicious you don't need more! My mother-in-law and I both had the tonkatsu ramen with pickles (mustard greens I think) on the side. The broth was rich and not too salty (a fault with other local ramen spots). The marinated egg was sweet and savory and the pork was very flavorful. I can't wait to come back.This my new go-to ramen place in New Orleans. I ordered the Tonkotsu regular non-spicy ramen and it was delicious. Today was their soft opening and we were greeted immediately at the door by the owner who encouraged us to let him know our opinions. Service was very fast. I can't wait to go back and try their other ramen.Wonderful flavors in every bite. You can obviously tell that the noodles are handmade and not bought. Highly recommend the Kuro Ramen with seaweed and sweet eggs!! The edamame, while cold, is deliciously flavored with yuzu. Mochi is delicious, but a little expensive if you're not familiar with this type of ice cream. Overall, I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a new place to try the old style ramen noodle experience.I understand that they don't have much competition in NOLA, but to use instant ramen noodles (which cost less than $1) and put a $13.5 - 15 price tag on the food was pretty insulting. If they're not going to make their own noodles and cook them fresh before serving, the prices should be in the $7-8 range. I'm still giving 2 stars because the broth was okay and service was fine, but if you've had ramen in pretty much any big city I would give this place a hard passI wish I could give 0 rating. 
The service is so bad. They do not serve you what you ordered. I ordered extra things but got nothing. The place is small. 
The noddle and soup is totally not like Janpanse flavour.Services are so bad. Spaces are small. Never order extra bamboos, fish cake, and sliced pork! My wife ordered extra fish cakes. It came with no extra fish cakes. When we asked why, they said because I had fish cakes! LOL! I also did not feel like I had extra sliced porks. So ridiculous! Why my wife's fish cakes came to my bowl? When you can make mistakes, you will try to fix them. Apparently, they did not want to fix their mistakes. Avoid! I would give 0 star if I could.I really wanted to love this place but unfortunately, I was left a little disappointed. I do love the decor of this place and the workers were really nice & friendly.
Spicy Tonkatsu Broth: it was very spicy, but the broth made me crave something that had a hearty, meaty richness, instead I had this weird overpowered sweet flavor. I did not really taste any other flavors other than spicy. I felt like the broth was definitely missing a meaty, creamy, richness. I was excited that they use the thick, wavy ramen noodles instead of the thin noodles.
Toppings: The meat in the broth was similar to lean, shredded pulled pork and had a strange sweetness to it. Wish they used pork belly to make the Chashu pork instead to give the broth a nice creamy, richness burst of flavor. 
Atmosphere: It is a very casual place that can fill up fast due to limited seating, but there are stand up counter bar areas to eat too. 
Overall: I think that this place has potential once they work out a few kinks. Sadly, I'm still on the search for a good ramen place in NOLA. Might have to travel around to satisfy my ramen craving. (Shrugs)OK, I'm gonna have to agree with everyone. Nomiya does get the best ramen in New Orleans prize. I do still find the prices a little high, but they are on Magazine.
I may be the only person who is not a fan of the whole trying-to-recreate-Japan-in-New-Orleans thing with staff shouting phrases in Japanese when people come in or leave, but a restaurant could serve great Japanese food without further caricaturing a culture that is already shrouded in myths in the US and seen as being "so different" and "exotic."
I will probably be back for ramen when the craving strikes, but I can't stan for Nomiya.Eh. This place sucks. Very limited menu and pork only. Ramen bowls are overpriced, ranging from $13.5-$15. Add-ins are additional charges and they are expensive as well. To add more into the disappointment, the portion is very small and not filling at all. Meat was too sweet and the egg was oddly soggy and sweet. It has a very weird slimy, soggy texture. However, I did like the noodles and thought the broth was good. Service was ok, nothing too spectacular. The place is very small. Tables are very close to one another. So everyone can hear your conversation, which was awkward. Overall, not worth it.The ramen is great, good portion and the pork buns were delicious.  no complaints about the food whatsoever.  Service was eh, but that is to be expected for a place that is just opening and I didn't knock them for that.
The issue is the price.  2 bowls of ramen with extra eggs, 1 order of buns and no drinks and I am paying $50 after tip?  That seems a bit absurd.  The place is no frills and has a standing area to eat, yet it is no cheaper then the fancy sit down ramen places of Nola before it.  
I love ramen and will be back because it is awesome; but it'll be a rare occasion at this price and that's a shame.Love this Ramen joint. Super authentic feeling and the broth is flavorful yet not too heavy.Stopped by here with a friend looking for good eats. For the price, the ramen is decent. The broth is tasty and meat tender.  I liked the art vibes inside-- real color explosion. This place had people waiting outside, funny almost every ramen place from the west coast to here has a line! There are not many sit down tables, but they have an nice option to stand at the counters without a wait. First time doing that too.  I would still come back since there are not a lot of Asian food options in NOLA.  The portion was not satisfying. If they used fresh noodles and put more broth, I would give more stars.Get the buns! They are amazing! We all got a different ramen to try. It was wonderful being able to pick your own toppings. The service was wonderful! Everyone was so nice! They have a variety of drinks to choose from. Will definitely come back!!!While some may say 3 stars isn't good, Nomiya was exactly as it states "A-OK".
The ramen was tasty and I appreciate the waitress asking if I wanted half spice on my spicy ramen.  If that was half spice, I hate to taste full spice. It was border line overwhelming and at that point, you can hardly taste anything else.  My noodles were a bit under cooked too.    
At $14-$15 for the base soup, then a couple bucks more for some toppings, I think its overpriced. But most restaurants in this area of Magazine are overpriced so they are on par with the area. 
The space is so tiny, it feels crammed.  Be prepared to squeeze in your seat and meet your neighbors. 
I'd go back if one of my friends wanted to go, but it won't be on my list of regulars.Hopefully they will get more soup bases but this is the best in New Orleans.  True Japanese ramen noodles and tonkatsu base.The pork buns, oh my goodness, they are delicious!
Loved the atmosphere, my server was top notch, and the ramen was the best. I had the half spicy, and that was enough spice for me, haha, I will definitely come back when I'm in townInsanely good!!  I had the spicy ramen bowl and it was out of this world!!!  It's BYOB so go prepared.  The Yuzu lemonade was one of the best lemonades I have ever had!!!  The service was amazing as well.  Friendly and knowledgeableWhen I heard that a new little ramen shop was coming to Magazine St., I was excited to try it. After an AMAZING experience at Kin, my expectations were sky high. They don't open until 4, so I stuck it out for a late lunch/early dinner and walked in as soon as they unlocked the doors.
The restaurant itself is SMALL and the menu is limited, but that just made it easier for me to decide exactly what I wanted. We started with the pork buns which were amazing. The pork was falling out of them and they were so good. 
You have two choices when it comes to the ramen: Tonkotsu, which is a creamy pork broth and Geki-Kara, which is their "too-spicy" pork broth. Normally I would have gone with the spicy one, but I got the Tonkotsu this time. I tried a taste of my dining companion's "spicy" broth and it wasn't bad at all, so I might get that next time. For a few minute up-charges you can get an extra egg, seaweed, corn and other goodies added to the bowl, but I just went with the bowl without the add ons. I found the Tonkotsu really tasty- the pork was cooked perfectly and the broth was flavorful. I wished that there had been a little more food in the bowl (without having to pay extra), but I still enjoyed it. 
A few notes: there are no refills on drinks which is...odd. I had the iced tea and it's just iced tea. It's not bottled or anything. Why can't I get a refill? For 3 bucks I should be able to get at least one refill. As others have mentioned they don't have a vegan option, so hopefully they will add that in the future. Last but not least, they don't let you take any leftovers with you. I had no leftovers because a friend of mine had already warned me about this weird little quirk. I'm really glad I was super hungry when I got here at 4!
Finally: Is Nomiya is good as Kin? Short answer: Not in my opinion. Long answer: Kin has a more diverse menu, their bowl has more flavor (and it's HUGE), they give you free drink refills and they let you take your leftovers home. And y'all, leftover ramen is the best!
I'd go back to Nomiya, if they made a few changes. Otherwise, head to Kin for your ramen fix.They have really good broth! According to the menu you can tell that they really only pay attention to their ramen --- only 3 ramen options when I was there during March 2018: Pork Broth, Pork Broth with Black Garlic Oil, Too Spicy, and you can add different types of toppings to your ramen. I would strongly recommend the one with Garlic Oil; Ramen is always better with black garlic oil. 
     Their Too Spicy Ramen is truly too spicy for me and my friends. We, three people, took turns to eat the Too Spicy Ramen, trying to finish it without putting all the pain on one person, but still couldn't finish the broth. It's REALLY SPICY. Guess you'll like it if you enjoy spicy food.Expensive for a small portion of ramen in a big bowl. The broth and meat were too sweet. Also, the broth was luke warm upon arrival. Only giving an extra star because of the hostess who opened the door for me and the server who came by multiple times to make sure we were ok. Maybe I'll give it a few more months and try it again.I love that New Orleans now has more ramen restaurants. However, I am slightly disappointed at the lack of chashu (a ramen staple) and the steep prices at Nomiya. I suppose it's not cheap to run a storefront on Magazine. Taste-wise, my kuro ramen was good- the broth was rich and salty but not overly so, noodles a fair texture, but the solid slab of braised? pork was hard to eat. I was expecting boba but unfortunately, the Royal Milk tea came in a small 8 oz Sangaria can. On the bright side, the bamboo is somewhat pickled (not quite menma level, but better than plain canned bamboo). Nomiya is a good start, and far better than Little Tokyo or Noodle and Pie but still has some way to go.Beautiful and cozy place to enjoy a delicious Japanese meal. we try different plate and there was very flavorful and tasty.The place is tiny, pretty and fabulous.  There are only three ramen dishes that make up their main course offerings but each is better than the previous!
Don't forget to try the pork buns or the lemonade!!!!Great atmosphere as soon as you walk in. I ordered the edamame as an app. It was served cold which is a first for me, which it was okay. I also ordered the "Too Spicy" Ramen and it was really really really spicy but very delicious.It was just O.K. 
I would not even have reviewed if the waiter had bot out her thumbs (yes both of them) in my soup bowl when she was serving me 
Please train the staff how to serve a soup bowl. 
Also, I ordered the edamame and they did bot serve it with the yuzu sauce? 
quality control is needed for this new establishment.Cute hipster ramen joint. Honestly I don't care for ramen but I was very impressed with my spicy ramen. It had tons of flavor and umami. The Pork was very tender and flavorful. I think the broth is way better than Kin. The only complaint are their small portions and price. The restaurant has about 25 seatings. It gets busy during lunch. The cutest part are the toothpicks they give you at the very end!Finally a great Ramen spot in Uptown New Orleans! I usually get the Kuro Ramen and add bamboo shoots but the Creamy and Spicy Ramen are super good as well. The pork buns, edamame and Yuzu tea with lemonade, all great!Nice restaurant located on Magazine in the Garden District, with a very personal ambiance. Decor is nice yet casual, and the hostess was very welcoming. She explains the menu well for first-time visitors. 
The ramen was solid. Not the best we have had, but very delicious nonetheless. The broth is very flavorful and buttery. The presentation was nice with the bamboo shoots and leeks. Braised pork was very tender with a sweet undertone.I visited Japan in April, and this is the closest thing to authentic ramen you'll find in New Orleans. It is absolutely delicious. It hits the spot I was missing since leaving Japan.Cute restaurant but small which gives you a real Japanese feel. The Ramen is ok. It was overpriced for what you get as far as portion size. The noodles were nothing special. The broth was luke warm when it arrived. There is something sweet in the pork and broth I'm not a fan of. We were in Japan for 3 weeks not long ago and our worst bowl of Ramen there was better than the bowls we had. If they changed the noodles and spices of the broth I would consider coming back. I was hoping for a more authentic bowl.Small little place, but the ramen is sooooooooooooo good! I always get Tonkotsu with seaweed and fish cake. Staff is friendly! I would recommend this place every time.Best ramen I've tasted in and around New Orleans. Feels like you're in Japan, starting from the host to the food.I thought the ramen was good, and the service was good particularly the hostess who did a great job managing a huge crowd. 
The issue I have is their bizarre policy of not having  to go containers for the ramen-- the server's explanation was that to go containers are not the "Japanese experience they're going for." I asked what they do if people have left over food from their meal, and they just shrugged which I find pretty wasteful. Apparently they just throw away the leftover ramen since there's no possible way for you to take it home. I would suggest reconsidering this as otherwise I was impressed and had a good time. Not impressed by blatantly wasting food.AMAAZINNNGGG RAMEN! Love everything I've ordered here. Their Pork Buns are a must! Love love love Nomiya!Nice to have a ramen spot around, which is obviously something NOLA is lacking. Of all the ramen places I've eaten in various cities (in the US), this falls somewhere in the middle of the pack.
I had the tonkotsu and the broth was excellent; easily the highlight of the meal. I also liked their take on the soy egg, as it was a bit sweet, which was something new for me and complemented the salty savory broth perfectly. The noodles were very meh, and I'd highly recommend they try to seek out a new supplier for these. I don't expect them to make their own, but at least find some that do your broth justice.
The biggest issue I had with this place was the price, which was way too high for the portion provided. This is a $9-10 bowl of ramen that they are charging over $13 for, and that's before tax and any other add-ins. I didn't leave full and don't totally feel like I got my money's worth. I can't honestly say I've been to a ramen spot where the bowl of soup by itself wasn't enough to make me feel like I ate enough (or more than enough in a lot of cases).
Service was prompt and courteous. It's a small enough place and they don't serve alcohol, so the waitstaff is usually free enough to be attentive of the limited number of tables in the restaurant. No complaints here. 
As I mentioned before, choices for ramen spots around town are nonexistent, so Nomiya it will be when I have to scratch that itch, but it'll definitely have to be an occasional visit.Worth the wait for a seat, or you can stand. The edamame is a must, full of citrus and sea salt flavor and chilled to perfection. The half spicy half regular ramen is absolutely perfect! The pork has such amazing sweet flavor and the soy eggs melt in your mouth. I added an extra egg, corn, and bamboo shoots. If you don't want the heat the regular was so flavorful and delicious also, I tried my boyfriend's. The portions were just enough, I even had a little extra but no to-go boxes just yet. They don't have booze, not sure if they will get it but there are plenty of places to grab a beer or wine before or after. Also the strawberry mochi was delicious! Can't wait to go back.I enjoyed my ramen! I got half spicy and added corn as well. Some reviewers didn't like the sweetness of the pork however, I thought the sweetness balanced out the spicy nicely and thoroughly enjoyed it. Friendly staff as well! The only thing that would stop me from visiting regularly is the price. With tip and tax a single ramen bowl (plus one add on) was over $18. A bit pricey for what it is and with no beverage. However, when I'm in the ramen mood I'll stop in! Definitely Enjoyed it!I'm not a ramen connoisseur but I do love to try out different ones in different places around the world. Saying that, Nomiya has not been beat yet. The menu is simple and straight to the point and I think that's because the ramen is just so damn good. The add ins give you a sense of control. If you like spicy ramen then look no other. The pork is premium and delicious. The bar is small but I think it brings a sense of intimacy to it. I just haven't found a place that beats it yet.If I could give it 3 1/2 stars I would. It was pretty good for ramen in nola, but I've definitely had better (Austin, NYC, etc.). The restaurant is small, quaint, and cute. For the longest it was always packed and we could never get a seat. Finally, Hubby and I tried it on a regular Tuesday night and it was pretty good. We had a friendly and attentive waiter-no complaints on service. They do serve lukewarm water, which, ehh. Hubby ordered a Mexican coke so we could have something cold to drink. Lol. 
We ordered the pork buns as an appetizer and they were pleasantly filling. Pork also had good flavors, no complaints . Hubby got the spicy Geki Kara ramen and I got the Tonkotsu ramen. At first I was gonna change mine to the Geki Kara because I love spicy but I'm glad I stuck with the Tonkotsu. It was delicious and creamy. I got a side of the hot sauce and added to it however much I needed. Hubby also liked his--we doubted it'd be spicy enough for us but boy were we wrong. It was HOT. Sweating hot. A little too peppery/spicy for me to enjoy but it wasn't bad and Hubby enjoyed it. I knew there would be some ginger in mine, but in some bites, the ginger was a little too overpowering. Other than that we enjoyed the ramen. We may come back if we were really craving ramen. Just wish there was more variety to choose from.Nomiya Ramen Bar is a MUST-go-to spot for Ramen in New Orleans for anyone who loves Ramen or is interested in something different for this area.
When you walk in, this place looks like it belongs in Japan. The décor is quirky, it's small, it's kind of cramped, and you can see/hear everyone and everything including the chefs preparing your bowl. And it's all wonderful. When you walk in you see a standing wall on the left and a few tables on the right. I think the place can fit something like 20-30 people. I chose to stand.  If you want, you can focus on the bowl in front of you but when done take advantage of what this space gives you, the opportunity to talk to the person next to you about your Ramen. I saw an old friend I haven't seen in years and talked with a bunch of new people. I can see friends standing at the wall talking to their friends sitting down at a table. The coziness and the sounds of noodle slurping and happiness fills the room and it creates an experience.
Now for the good part of the review. The Ramen. During the soft opening there were only two options: Tonkotsu(creamy pork broth) and Geki-Kara, the "Too Spicy" version of the Tonkotsu.  They both come with chashu, scallions, pickled ginger bean sprouts, and a soft boiled egg cut in half. The spicy had a spicy oil of happiness added to it.  I went with the Geki-Kara.  The broth was creamy, rich and pretty good. I wish it were spicier, but I have a higher tolerance for heat. The noodles I was worried about at first, since I was watching them cook, but they came out just perfect. It was the right amount of chewy which only 2 other places in the city have ever done right for me. The eggs were soft boiled and add to the bowl. The chashu was good, but I wish there was much more of it. The veggies help bring it all together. Next time I'm going to add the wakame and menma since I really like those in my Ramen. The owner came by and asked me how my Ramen was, and I told her it was ok, but I liked more heat. Then she gave me a small little bowl filled with more of the spicy oil of happiness which changed my bowl from very good to phenomenal. This magic elixir not only add heat, it also added much more flavor. I had a little left in the bowl and the guy next to me asked for the rest of mine and had the same thing to say about this to the owners. Be careful though, you want to add just enough to get to the wonderful place where spiciness and flavor complement each other so that the noodles, chashu, vegetables, egg and broth all dance on your tongue in perfect harmony. I requested Kae-Dama(more noodles) but they weren't doing it on the first day, which was my only moment of sadness.
I will review the service after my next few visits since I was the third customer to walk through the doors ever and the gracious hosts and staff were ramping things up for their first soft opening. I will give Kudos for the owners' attention to the customers.
I've had most Ramens in the area that have come and gone over the years and I think this is going to be the one that will stay and offer more than just a niche for Ramen lovers.  If you are curious about Ramen, please come here to experience how good Ramen can be. If you love Ramen, come here to satisfy that craving and be blown away. 
I can't wait for the grand opening and to try other flavors of Ramen.Ambience is small, hip, and cozy. Staff was attentive and the owner came out to greet and check up on tables which is a plus in my book. Pork buns are soft, fluffy, bold flavored, and not too sweet like other ramen joints. I got the Geki-Kara and added bamboo (ask for their spicy sauce on the side and youll feel it tomorrow - SO GOOD). The pork was so tender it fell apart like brisket and held its own flavor outside of the soup which was nice. Perfect temperatured egg with good yolk viscosity. I liked that the menu was so simple, it's a nice change from the complex 15 different types of ramens you have to choose from at other restaurants. Will definitely visit again the next time im back in NOLAThese guys are the real deal. I used to live in Japan, and I gotta tell you, this is as close to the real thing as I've seen in New Orleans. There's no extra junk piled on top with the chefs special touch or other nonsense. Just ramen done right.Way better than the ramen y'all pop up best ramen in the city simple sweet and deliciousI love this place - so happy that we have a close ramen spot now! I've been twice and the service was relatively quick each time (~20 minutes). The wait staff are nice, helpful and attentive. The food is AMAZING. The pork bun appetizer is great to share for two as a quick bite before having a bowel of ramen. I've gotten the Tonkotsu ramen twice now and loved it both times. A great addition to magazine street! Can't wait to go back!I loved the pork buns! So much flavor and STUFFED.
- but, I feel like the amount of pork that's in 1 bun could be divided so the order would have 4 buns. In my opinion, it's just too much filling for one bun. Still very delicious though!!!
I got the Tonkotsu ramen with eggs, butter, and corn.
It was very good and very flavorful. The pork is soooo tender, but I do agree with one of the reviews below. I expected the pork to be slightly on the saltier side, it was too sweet in my opinion. (If you're Vietnamese, I feel like the meat tasted like thit kho w eggs).
Over all, very good!This is as good as you're going to get for New Orleans. If you're used to ramen in a more ethnically diverse or a city with more authentic Japanese food, you'll be a bit disappointed. The broth was too salty and the pork was too sweet. It might be ok for people here that like things heavily seasoned but for those who enjoy the delicate balance between flavors, this doesn't quite hit the target. The place is nice, trendy and the service is good.Words cant describe how delish this place is!! Im already craving for another bowl right now. The food was amazing, service was wonderful, and the atmosphere of the restaurant was perf. 
We ordered the pork buns and I got the tonkotsu. The pork buns were soft and soo flavorful! The ramen was so amazing that I literally finished my bowl in less than 5 minutes. The egg was cooked just right and the flavor of the broth was tasty. 
I would def go back to enjoy another bowl of ramen!!!I wanted to love this place as ramen is iffy in New Orleans, but unfortunately these folks have decided to make ramen sweet instead. You can tell the broth is made well, but I just don't understand why you make it sweet? The story I've heard about the owners is that they spent time in japan and wanted to bring authentic ramen back to NOLA. Then why not be authentic? Depressing.The ramen was excellent, but at $13-15/bowl, not a cheap lunch. The food is fresh and the vibe is very West Coast/Japanese'ish.  The flavors were tasty and the options, although limited, were creative.  They were totally prepared to give me half of my noodle bowl to go home.  It is a HUGE portion, so you sort of get your money's worth.  I had the spicy/garlic one and I did enjoy it and all the included ingredients. To save money, I didn't add any other ingredients to it.  Would I go back? Maybe for a bowl of soup when I wasn't worried about the budget.I was told that the owners went to Japan to learn how to make traditional ramen so I was super excited to try it! Went to the soft opening and tried the spicy tonkotsu. Im not sure if this is how traditional ramen is made but when I got my bowl the soup was warm, not hot and the noodles tasted a little undercooked. The soup was alittle on the sweet side so it tasted more like a hot and sweet soup than savory? I normally finish all of broth but it was too sweet. The portions were very small. Only got 2 pieces for pork and you have to pay for whatever else you want to add on. Most places already comes with toppings like corn, bean sprout,scallions or whatever, so it was a pricey. Other than that, it was just ok to me. Soup was sweet but I loved how spicy it was. But then again, it was a soft opening.. I'll most likely give it another try.This place is amazing. I've had ramen in Japan and had nostalgic feels of being in that wonderful food-paradise country. Broth had a ridiculous amount of umami flavor. I got the "too spicy" flavor and thought it was the perfect amount of spice. If you're used to cajun spice it will bring some heat but the flavor itself is unmatched. Noodles, eggs, and meat were cooked to perfection. Pork buns were also delicious, definitely recommend getting those. Owner is great and I can definitely see the Japanese influences since she had spent time there learning the art of making ramen and how to run Japanese style restaurants. Service was great, price is totally worth it. Expect to wait a little bit because as with all niche hole in the wall style restaurants, it'll be popular, but worth the wait. I absolutely recommend this place for a fantastic meal!Pretty psyched to learn this place was just up the road from where I work, the food is simple, straight-forward ramen for a quick no-frills lunch. Try 1/2 spicy if you are less adventurous.We ordered the pork buns which were simply delicious. The pork cooked perfect to the crisp cucumber.  I ordered the spicy Ramen but half the spice. I was very pleased with my choice. It had spice but not over whelming.  Our service was friendly and very attentive.The ramen was delicious. I had the one with buttered corn. The pork chasu was sweet and savory, basically perfect. I didn't like that the lack of seating at the ramen bar area though. I will definitely be returning, however, because it was really ridiculously good.So good! I didn't think I liked ramen until I came here. The pork buns were ridiculously good, kind of like a Taiwanese Gua Bao with Tender, flavorful braised pork, the crunch of cucumber and creaminess of Japanese mayo in a soft, fluffy steamed bun. It's perfection! When I die, my heaven will feature this food. 
We tried the Kuro ramen with the garlic oil and butter and corn. It was awesome! Unfortunately I didn't see the Japanese red pepper on the table until I was almost done. Next time, I will add that. The mango mochi was also delicious , seemed homemade. Highly recommend this place if you are looking for a warm bowl of love.Nomiya has really good ramen . I had the Geki Kara (full spice) with added garlic oil. It was really flavorful, the broth was perfect. The spice of the dish wasn't overpowering, so I was still able to enjoy my ramen with the added kick. I also decided to get the pork buns which were also delicious. They were so simple yet full of flavor. The service was good. There's one person running the floor but everything is so quick. From the time I sat down to the time I got my food was about 10 mins tops . Cute little gem with good food !Efficient servers who were courteous and attentive. The Geki Kara ramen bowl
 was so delicious. So impressed with the flavor and the heat and I was super excited to taste the broth. 
Heavenly taste #1This was probably the best ramen I've ever had! My wife and I both tried the half spicy, mine with an extra egg which I feel made all the difference. We got extra noodles but they went to waste because unlike other ramen restaurants they put plenty of noodles in theirs. The only thing I disliked was the pork. They didn't use pork belly so it was kind of tough instead of soft and flavorful like most ramen. Still awesome though! Def coming back if I ever come to New Orleans again.I really want to like this place! My issue was that I am an avid spicy ramen fan, and this particular version of spicy ramen was..... SWEET. I did not like it. It might be a result of the "cajun" influence. If you like the sweet/spicy thing, you would probably love it, but I was not a fan personally. I will probably go back and try it again to see if the flavor has changed at all, because I love ramen so much and I live nearby. For now I will continue going to Kin ramen in mid-city.Tough wanted to rate just a little under 4. Anyways only three ramens to choose the first creamy mild one was good with a tad bit fishy flavor which shouldn't have been there but still flavorful and good. I ordered the Half spicy but Im pretty sure they messed up, NO WAY that is half if "too spicy" is worse you would have a fire truck blasting milk down your throat and I know I can handle spicy things so this was super intense and borderline unenjoyable. The bun was great and the mango mochi was really good, just a shame it's not made by them. Tiny place but decent.My fav ramen in new orleans! not only the food but also the extraordinary service is the best I've tried in this cityFlavor of the ramen broth overall was good. The portions were very small compared to other ramen spots I've enjoyed which was very disappointing. Had about 5 kernels of corn and a small piece of ginger in my bowl. Have been looking for a good ramen spot for the past few months and this unfortunately didn't live up to expectations because of the smaller sized bowls. They don't offer take out which was also disappointing since I live around the corner. Pretty much have to order double amounts of everything other than the noodles to get ur fill here.First time eating real ramen. This was excellent!  30 hour broth and roasted pork were to die for! All I and my sons kept saying was mmmmmmmm!! 
They set The bar very high for any place I eat it from now on. Extremely friendly staff and inviting atmosphere. A must try. I'll be going back soon!I'm always looking for a good ramen place to eat around Nola! We got places like Little Tokyo and Kin that have great ramen! I was excited to try this place out because I saw so many good reviews here! To start off, it's a nice, cozy looking place. I ordered the spicy tonkotsu ramen and disappointingly.. it came out warm, not hot. A very big turn off. The portions are okay.. and $13 is pushing it for the potions they offer. I love spicy food, but the spice was to the point where it wasn't enjoyable at all, it was just incredibly spicy! Don't get me wrong, I tried both ramens and they taste fine, it's just not enough to get me going here over places like kin and little Tokyo that offer bigger portions and taste a bit better. The service is wonderful though, so I give Nomiya that. I hope they improve on their broth just a bit and maybe reconsider their portion sizes. Overall, nothing too incredible where it'll have me come back, I'll just keep going to other ramen places.It's great to have a ramen place in the 'hood. Both the Tonkotsu and Geki-Kara were on point. Cool vibes, a simple menu, and top notch ramen will make Nomiya a regular for us: both for a quick lunch and to cure a wicked hangover.Wow!! I've been waiting a long time for the space to be rented out and was excited to speak with the owner and find out ramen was coming! The esthetics are great, they created a very fun and fresh environment in such an intimate space. The service was phenomenal, delightful waitstaff eager to please! While the menu is small, it is mighty! Pork buns were delicious and the ramen was so very tasty. You'll be drinking from the bowl at the end of your meal for sure. Over all great experience! Welcome to Magazine Street Nomiya!My friend and I went to the soft opening of this place on July 28th. They didn't have the full menu but what they did have was absolutely delicious. The presentation was beautiful and the service was great. The owner and other staff were so friendly. It was the same weekend as a popular anime con that I was attending and we were the first customers to show up in cosplay, so we got free ramen! We've definitely decided to visit this place again once they're officially open.I've heard so much about this place and I'm glad to finally try it out! We went during a Saints preseason game so the wait was not as long as I had anticipated. Parking is street parking. Unfortunately it's a pretty small place only with about 5-6 tables and about 5 standing spots so I can imagine that during a regular dinner rush, the wait can be pretty significant. The ambience is very casual and modern. It feels like sitting in a hip restaurant in New York. Service was exceptional as the waitress and owner came to check on us several times. 
There are only 3 kinds of ramen - tonkotsu, geki-kara (too spicy), and kuro (toasted garlic oil). I had the geki-kara and yah...it really was too spicy for me. Felt the burn all the way down. But it was still very tasty. Don't get it if you have acid reflux problems. My niece had the tonkotsu with corn and butter. It was much milder but broth was just as flavorful. My favorite was my husband's tonkotsu with wakame (seaweed), which gives it more umame flavor! My only complaint is that it's pretty expensive for ramen. It's about $15 a bowl. It's not the best ramen I've ever had but I'd certainly come back. I'm just super excited that I can get a decent bowl of ramen in New Orleans!3 stars for effort.  I'm not a fan of sweetness in the broth, the pork was dry and fell apart.  It's ok at best, misses on a few fronts.  I'll revisit when things change a bit.I love ramen and I liked Nomiya's stuff.  IMHO, Nomiya has the best ramen in town.  I am by no means a ramen expert, but I know what I like.  
So I have eaten at Nomiya twice now and plan to eat there many more times.  The ramen is pretty decent.  I love the ambiance, and it's pretty close to our apartment.  This area of Magazine is starting to accumulate some really decent restaurants.
I have eaten the Kuro Ramen and the Tonkotsu.  I have tried a bite of the Geki-Kara, which was too spicy for me.  I like the broth of both the Kuro and Tonkotsu.  Noodles were fine.  My big hang up continues to be their pork.  It has a sweet flavor.  When I read about it, I thought a sweet meat and savory broth might mix well, but I was not a fan.  I much prefer a savory protein for my ramen.  The other fixings like the boiled eggs, scallions and whatever else was fine.  All in all, I rank the ramen a 3 out of 5.  Maybe as the place gets going, they'll add an option with their meat.  Oh, we also tried the pork buns.  Good bun, dry pork.  I'll pass in the future.  
This place has a nice ramen shop feel.  Small and cramped with some Japanese cartoons on the wall.  The place is quaint.  There is bar seating on one side and about 5 or 6 tables on the other.  Every seat has a view of the chefs, which I enjoy.  Our wait staff has always been attentive and polite.  They seem enthusiastic about the restaurant.  
In short, I will repeat Nomiya.  They are certainly a step in the right ramen direction for NOLA.  As of now, they don't do take out.  I get it, although I like option.Probably the best ramen place in New Orleans. The spicy ramen with chirasiu pork was amazing. Spicy but amaZing. I have been waiting to try this place and I'm glad I did because it was really flavorful. The restaurant is small so try to go during slow hours lol. Small menu but overall great.My husband is a fan of ramen and luckily it happened to be super cold when we went. We arrived around 7ish, wasn't busy, we sat at the "bar" and were waited on immediately. The server was super sweet and answered all our questions. We tried the pork buns, first time ever having them and they were delicious! We both had the spicy ramen, my husbands was a more intense spice than mine, thinking I could handle the spice I was only able to eat the meat and noodles, but it was delicious! I'm giving it a 4 out of 5 for the fact that the menu is limited but I will definitely be back and try their other ramen soup.This is legit Ramen y'all!  After trying multiple places through the city, I will say I did have low expectations, but this place proved me wrong. The ramen was authentic, noodle texture was perfect and the broth was rich and creamy.  I do agree with other post that it is a bit sweet due to the pork seasoning and the sweet egg, but I appreciated the contrast in the spicy option. Definitely check this place out!I'm from LA where we have ALL the BEST ramen spots & this places is the closest you're gonna get to some good ramen .Pork Buns were awesome. We tried the Tomkotsu and Geki-Kara. Quick and efficient service too.Fun Noodle shop in one of the best areas of New Orleans. Small menu, which I like. 3 styles of ramen, steamed pork buns, and Mochie I cream! 
The broth base is pork and chicken! And they include half of a marinated poached egg, which was really good and extra interesting. I'd love to see a beef and vegan broth option. 
The steamed pork buns are a must try imo. You get 2 per order.
*Very important, be carful with the spicy. I LOVE spicy food, but this was a bit much for me! And, I even reduced it to only 1/2 spicy! ~Okay!Limited selection, but what they do,  they do well.  I go with the kuro ramen as a matter of preference.  I would give it 5*s if they had a phone (which also means they can't do reservations or to-go orders).Here's why I don't like it...
1.my soup was warm/cold.
2.when they "buttered corn" they mean they gonna put corn in your bowl& cut a chunk of butter and leave it on top!
3.its was shredded pork,not a fan at all! Super sweet and I just hate shredded meat period!
4.not enough broth
5.mines was salty
6.bot much seating,yet sitting so close to strangers. I can feel the person hot breath next to me. And it's pretty humid in there.
7.and the eggs... I thought it was salted eggs like what Raman Normally comes with. But their eggs was SWEET. It was weird 
8. We also ordered the buns. I thought it was to sweet. And they didn't bring us any plates so we had to use a napkin to eat off.
Why I give it ONE star.
 Staffs was friend and portions was big and enough.This is probably my best ramen experience in NOLA.  I loved the blend of flavors in my spicy ramen bowl with fresh ingredients.  But the price point is high at $13 for the amount of ramen in the bowl.  Give me more ramen or lower the price point!  Also, no take out ramen that is a bummer!My friend and I decided to get ramen before we ended our trip and stumbled across this place. The restaurant is pretty small and wouldn't suggest for big groups. The environment is very chill and the service is great.
You get to choose which Ramen you wanted then add on toppings like naruto fish and corn. I ordered the tonkatsu ramen along with the pork bao buns. The ramen was very good but not the best I've had. The star of the ramen is the pork, it was perfectly sweet. The pork bao buns were good as well. Great amount of meat. Would recommend if you're looking for a ramen spot in New Orleans.This is my favorite ramen place in the city. I have tried a couple of other places in town and Nomiya by far wins the title. Make the drive, and heed their warning of how hot the spicy bowl is ;) Theyre very consistent every time I've been!My daughter and I talked about this meal for days after our vacation to NOLA ended. Must find a comparable locally. Absolutely deliciousThis is my 2nd time visiting Nomiya. I ordered the Genki-Kara extra spicy with seaweed and bamboo shoots. The broth was nice and flavorful. The waitress was really nice and gave an excellent service. I highly recommend coming here!I really enjoyed their ramen. It was very unexpected. The restaurant holds maybe 12 seats but they also offer an area for u to stand. Their gaki-kun is really good. I just wished they used fresh noodles. Nevertheless,  I will definitely come back here.Food is way too salty. Shredded meat was too sweet. However, the server was attentive though.One of the best Ramen I have ever had .  Simple cute place .  Try the pork buns too .   They do not skimp on anything .  Try the Spicey with caution .Lovely ramen place. Quite small, which I think fits the food theme. Ramen flavors are really rich and layered. I wish there were one or two more menu options for starters. Service has been good each time I've been.These guys have it going on.
My girlfriend and I came in after voodoo fest with hungry bellies and exhausted feet. 
It was cold, so ramen sounded just what we needed!
We ordered the buns which were out of this world! 
Soft, and stuffed full of pork. I could have eaten 20 of these easily.
The ramen came and exceeded my expectations being from Austin and having Tatsu-ya at my disposal.
The broth was hot and just thick enough that it wasn't too filling.
The ajitama was tasty, soft and not over cooked. The Chashu fell apart it was so tender. I loved the take on it.
I HIGHLY reccomend them while in New Orleans, as an alternative from all the cajun and creole. Ill def be back for more tastiness!Been meaning to try this place ever since it opened. My friend and I had the whole day off so we decided to window shopping on Magazine St. Upon walking in, we were friendly greeted by our host/waitress. I like spicy food so I ordered the Geki-Kara and my friend ordered the Tonkktsu. Jackie really enjoyed her ramen because she ate till her bowl was empty. That's when you know it was good. My Geki-Kara has enough heat and spices to warm you up on a cold day. The noodles tasted authentic and it was a little on the firm side. The broth was rich, but oddly on the sweet/spicy side. It was tasty though. The sweetness I tasted in the broth might've came from the pork. The soft-boiled egg was on point! Perfect doneness and flavor! It's hands down one of the best bowls of ramen in the city. What threw me off was the pork. Sweet braised pork was so tender and good. I don't know how they did it but it tasted more like beef which is better because I prefer beef. I added some Naruto Fish Cake for a small extra fee. I would definitely come back and try their buns. Our next seat over were eatting it and they were bragging about it but after my ramen which was very filling, I had no rooms to eat anything more. One less stars for my stool I sat on...lolSuper delicious. The pork buns are s great appetizer. The Geki-kara 1/2 spicy was really good, and you can get a little side of the spice if its not hot enough for you. Great, quick service. Some of the best ramen I've ever had.Came here on the coldest day in new orleans craving some ramen to warm me up. It was pretty busy on a tuesday night around 6pm but we were able to get a table within 5 minutes. The servers were super super friendly and greet you right when you walk in. I always go for the classic tonkotsu ramen: 
1. Tonkotsu ramen: the broth was pretty good but not amazing. Coming from California where we have insane amount of options, I'd say it was pretty average. The broth was definitely cooked for a long time and the pork was delicious but it just wasn't as rich as other places i've been to. 
Overall, not a bad option for ramen. Just comparing it to Kin, the other ramen competitor, I think the actual noodles were are much better and are cooked to perfection here at Nomiya. However, the broth itself is much better at Kin and the portions and amount of pork (and taste) is better at Kin. The service is perfect however and the restaurant is clean. I definitely recommend trying this place since it's so convenient on magazine street.Food was OK, but very expensive for Ramen
The Ramen here was good, but it was a bit too sweet. The meat that they prepare is overly sweet, so it overwhelms the dishes a bit.
The Ramen is really expensive and doesn't come with the standard accompaniments. Even by NYC prices, it's pricy.
I wouldn't eat here again bc the ramen was too sweet and the price is too much for what they provide.I have continued to eat at Nomiya.  The pork is a little less sweet, and for me, that has made a huge difference.  Maybe they've tweeked some other things which have escaped my caveman palate.  Not sure.  But overall, the ramen is better since my first visit.The curry ramen was 100% of what I needed today! I added fish cake, had a Mexican coke, and was within seconds of lying down for a nap. The service was quick, super friendly, and efficient.i thought i liked spicy, but the lovely waitress told me to only do half the spice in my ramen because it was REALLY spicy...well she wasn't wrong! it came out JUST RIGHT and i'm so happy she gave me the heads up or else i probably wouldn't have been able to enjoy it! the edamame was cold which was a first for me, still delicious just a first. i HIGHLY recommend!Perfect for cozy date  Very good hospitality. Waiter was very nice and friendly. And defiently on point with keeping your water filled. Good portion size. Braised pork bun was very tasteful. Kuro was good but needs to be mixed on own. Kitty drink was adorable and tasty with meal. Fast serving time as well. Would return againSince it opened, Nomiya has become one of my favorite restaurants in NOLA. They really hook you up here; definitely the best ramen spot in the city.Craving ramen since it's been soo cold and we were spoiled in Southern California.  Checked this out on yelp and it's pretty legit. The meat is cooked tender and noodles are just right.  Broth is awesome and the added toppings are just a plus. Turnover of customers is pretty quick and it could get packed as well.  We rated them four stars because it is smaller and it's difficult to get immediate service needed because of a smaller staff. Don't come with a large party, unless you make a special arrangement/reservation.
It's hard to ask questions and converse with your server because of the quick in and out service.  But it's still a place we would love to go to.  However, we do miss that interaction because we had that in a lot of other ramen places we were regulars at and just want to socialize and learn the New Orleans food scene.  
We also like to leave great tips, but it's hard to do, so we just give a deserved tip instead.
Thank you for awesome ramen though! You all have to try this place!I have been in love with this restaurant since they first opened. It is a tiny ramen shop on Magazine that you might miss if you are not looking, yet it has some of the best ramen you will ever eat. I always order the Geki-kara ramen and it is incredibly flavorful and very spicy. The soft-boiled egg is always cooked perfectly with a delightfully runny yolk. Nomiya has excellent, tender pork in their ramen that shreds nicely- many other ramen places have tough, chewy pork, so Nomiya really stands out. Nomiya is a great place to eat at any time, but I especially love going on a cooler day and eating the spicy ramen. The staff are always very kind and service is fast. Nomiya is one of the restaurants I always miss when I leave New Orleans.Very so so experience. It's kind of pricey and the quality is mediocre.Loved this ramen restaurant! My husband and I have been dying to find one since moving back from Washington state. Nice lovely place with amazing food!as a vegetarian, I was highly disappointed. I saw the menu beforehand and knew they only offered meat-based broths on the official menu, but I saw on yelp that they had offered vegan options in the past, so I asked if they could make a veggie dish. I will say the staff was great & accommodated me. they offered 2 different options, and I ordered a mushroom-stock ramen, but I was incredibly let down. the ramen had a weird funky taste that I almost couldn't stomach. they also charged me $13+ which is steep for just some veggies. I know they specialize in pork ramen, so this experience left me feeling like the veggie dish was just an afterthought. unfortunately I won't be back. there are too many great restaurants that make a point to serve vegan customers with at least one permanent menu option and tbh.. I believe businesses that don't catch up to this won't survive as the vegan community continues to grow.I would give it five stars but will do four since I think they should have chairs instead of stools. The food is amazing and quick service too. The buns are delicious as well. Make sure you get the ginger iced tea. Very nice to compliment the ramen.I adore Nomiya! I've eaten here 5 times so far and have never been disappointed. The food as well as service are superb!This is great ramen. Only 3 choices but why mess with perfection? I'm not a big ramen eater but this ramen was awesome. Tender pork, garlic sauce, tender noodles. Loved my meal.I am so excited that New Orleans has a ramen place now! This place is the epitome of what ramen should taste like! I cannot wait to visit Nola again so that I can get another bowl of oh so yummy ramen. I ordered the Geki-Kara, the "Too Spicy" version of the Tonkotsu and boy was I in for a surprise! From reading the other reviews, I thought that the broth would not be that spicy so I asked the owner for a side of their chili paste... let this be a warning to all your spicy lovers.. ALWAYS taste the broth first before you decide to scoop a lump sum of the chili sauce into your broth. My broth was so spicy I felt the the burn all the way down my throat. I powered through the burn though because the ramen was just that good. Every bite is an explosion of flavor in your mouth. We also got a side of the pork buns and the edamame. The pork burn is very flavorful and the meat is very juicy and full of flavor. 
The service here is also exceptional and the owner and workers are all very friendly. Definetely expect to wait since this place is so popular. Let me tell you impatient people now... IT IS WORTH THE WAIT!My favorite restaurant in New Orleans! Best ramen I have ever had and the service is fantastic!I enjoy their spicy ramen so much. I can only handle 1/2 spiciness (FULL SPICY MADE ME DRINK WATER AFTER EVERY BITE), but it really gets your juices flowing. It is not exactly a traditional ramen, but I've found that every time I've had their spicy ramen I have enjoyed it.
Not the cheapest the bowl of ramen, around $13-$15, especially because the ramen is just enough to keep you from being hungry. Not necessarily enough to make you full.
But I'll be back for this bowl of spicy ramen, and good/friendly service.Started with the Ginger Iced Tea and it wasn't bad at first but turned out to have too much ginger in it. Won't be ordering it again.  For my meal, I went with Tonkotsu with extra egg and noodles. The odd thing was that the noodles were brought out first in a separate bowl. They were plain and were hot at first but had cooled off before my bowl came out. Sort of weird but I will know to ask for them to be put in the actual bowl of soup next time. Once the bowl came out, it was an enjoyable bowl of ramen. My favorite part is removing the egg yolk and mixing it into the soup then eating the white. I'd like to have seen another option on the menu for dish with lots of garlic. The waitstaff were knowledgeable and attentive. Pricing is comparable to other Ramen places I've been to before. Overall, the experience was good and I'd recommend them.Delicious ramen at a very good price. The menu only has 3 types of ramen which is how you know it's good. I got the 1/2 spicy and it was perfect. I LOVE spicy food and put hot sauce on everything and the 1/2 spicy was at the edge of my comfort range. (The people next to me also got 1/2
Spicy and were complaining about it being too hot the whole time lol).
The canned milk tea is $3 and is pretty good for being canned. Not too sweet.
Restaurant is very small with very limited seating. You will end up sitting a couple of inches from the table next to you. 
Very good and friendly service too!Wish I could leave a 0 star. Was told the wait was 20 minutes and we waited 40 minutes. There were two table tops open, but they were oddly reserved. When we sat down, no one came to talk to us. We were given water cups with no water. A group of 4 walked in after us, sat, for their water, ordered and were served drinks before we were even greeted by or waitress. Do not waste your time coming here until their service improves. Who knows when that will be.The broth is just WOW. The taste was deep and full of flavor. Honestly the best ramen place down here in NOLA hands down. I have tried other places like kin, and their broth is usually way tooooo salty or like other places such as Little Tokyo lacked a lot of flavor. But this place, was definitely perfection. I chose to eat the tonkatsu ramen here at Nomiya and it definitely exceeded my expectation as the noodles texture were definitely more on the thicker side, but that is the way I like it even though most people prefer thinner noodles because it may soak in the flavor of the broth more. The meat was so tender it was falling apart! The boiled egg to top it off made the whole dish magical. Love the place, but the price I feel is a little more expensive than most ramen places hence why I have taken a star off. Other than that, I highly recommend this place :)I was wandering magazine and wandered into a place that on the menu offered tonkatsu and I would say service was speedy and fresh ! The pork was tender a flavorful and the broth was great!Really great place they have here!  The menu is very small, but you can tell that gives them time to focus on the items they do offer. Service here is simple, but it would be over-the-top if they did more.  It fits the place and area. I got the tonkotsu ramen, and my fiancée got the geki-kara at 1/2 spicy.  Both had a mouth-watering let delicious amount of flavor. He made it about halfway through, but I couldn't seem to stop myself from finishing my bowl. They also offer bottled drinks, as well as yummy yuzu lemonade.  I'm very picky about ramen, and this place definitely went beyond my standards. We will most definitely be back!Great Ramon. Small menu, cozy setting. In and out fast. Was definitely satisfied with the food and service. It was very tasty. I enjoyed the garlic flavored Ramon.This is a funky great cool spot on magazine street. I adore noodle dishes and places with good atmoshpere so when it opened a few blocks from me I could not wait to try it out.
My dining experience was a great one. I arrived at about 9 pm on a weekday and was greeted by friendly staff. The vibe is so cool inside! Lots of colors and art - it felt like I was in a cool Shibuya ramen bar. 
Food was DELICIOUS. the highlight was honestly the quality of noodles. If they are not home made they sure taste like it: very firm and very fresh tasting. I got the garlic oil ramen with the pork and my boyfriend got the original spicy style. Both had great depth of flavor and beautiful presentation.  The pork was tender and falling off the bone. I could tell it was not cheap cuts of pork which can be the biggest let down at these places. Not here! They don't even slack on the presentation.  (As you can see in my photo) very Insta worthy;)
We also got the pork buns for an appetizer. Good flavor and was most impressed by the seemingly other worldly softness of the buns. 
In summation: delicious and authentic ramen, great app options, friendly helpful staff, and sexy fun atmosphere worthy of a Japanese speak easy. Can't wait to go back soon! XoI really enjoyed this place. I chose it by chance randomly walking down Magazine and wanted food. From the outside it looked cute and quaint and I was really in the mood for ramen. The inside is small but that is not at all a problem for me. It's peaceful and cutely decorated with comics and other decor with a pleasant atmosphere. The food was filling and I couldn't even finish my meal but it was absolutely delicious. I got the ginger tea (i forgot what it was called but it has ginger in it) and i seriously recommend it if you're a fan of ginger. It doesn't seem like it gets too busy so I was seated immediately and the staff was very helpful. A cute place for dates or eating alone and not with big groups. I will definitely be coming back.Enjoyed the Tonkotsu! This is my new go to ramen spot in New Orleans. The staff was very friendly and he service was on point. Went to the soft opening and even though they were busy, they took care of my table. The eggs came out at a perfect boil and flavors hit the right spot. I highly recommend this place for anyone who is looking for the hottest Ramen spot in town.Best ramen in New Orleans? Do you people know that Kin exists? 
Nomiya's noodles are like instant ramen. What is the point of a ramen bar that does not make their own ramen? 
Sure, the pork is good, but the broth is only decent. 
With such a cavalier attention to detail in their cooking, it is hard to justify the price tag. I'm a travelling professional, not a travelling millionaire.  
I appreciate that they carry a canned milk tea, and ramune. 
I appreciate the effort to make the dining experience, from the greeting as you step in the door to the farewell when you leave, feel authentically Japanese. 
But please. Make your own ramen. If you don't know how, I would be happy to teach you. I trained for fifteen years under...well, it is best not to say in such a public place. If you would like the details, please send to me a private message. In the first line of your private message, please include your social security number, and a short exegesis on your favorite Selena Gomez piece. Passing this, and the Trials of the Seven, I will determine if you are a capable vessel for the teachings. That is all I can say, which I fear is already too much. Yet risks must be taken, if any purchase is to be gained on the steep slopes of our battle against the coming dark.So good. The pork bun is out of this world. A must try. And then the spicy ramen. Delicious.I LOVED THIS PLACE, I had a hugeeee craving for ramen for weeks but I couldn't find the right spot to go but then I found NOMIYA. This is by far the best Ramen I've ever had In my entire 20 years of living, also outstanding service from my friend Shane. Highly Recommended!!!Stopped in on a rainy day and it definitely hit the spot. I ordered the veggie ramen which isn't on the menu and was pleasantly surprised. It was packed with vegetables and the broth was incredibly flavorful.I've been to Tokyo twice in the last year, and Nomiya helps me satisfy my cravings for a ramen experience. It's the perfect place for a casual dinner to catch up with a friend, or to grab some restorative takeout ramen if you need to gather your strength with some hangover-curing broth. The Ramen is super delicious, the atmosphere is cute and cozy, and it's pretty speedy in-and-out since they don't serve alcoholic drinks and the ramen comes out really quickly. 
The menu is small with a few suggested Ramen bowls, but you can create your own bowl and add any extra ingredients you want. There are also a few appetizers like pork buns and edamame. I've been a couple times, and all of my experiences have been delicious. The staff greet you with some Japanese expressions which is nice, because it really feels like you're in Japan.I was slightly disappointed in the ramen here! I guess I'm being a little tough because I've been across the states trying different ramen in different cities, and NOLA just ain't the best for that! I also got to try the pork baos, which I thought were okay. There was a lot of meat in the baos. I got to try the tonkotsu and kuro ramen. The broth for both were flavorful. The kuro tasted like the tonkotsu but with garlic oil added. The meat for both were tender. It kind of sucks that you have to spend a little more to add the little things that should already come with the ramen automatically (bamboo, seaweed). Overall the ramen was pretty good for a cold winter night, but I've had better (for a better price too)! Service was pretty on point. The place itself has a cool vibe that reminds me of Austin, TX. It's a small place with not much seating so I wouldn't be surprised if people had to wait.I LOVEEEEEED IT HERE  I got hella New York vibes in this place. Great server; I never had to ask for a water refill he just kept bringing it. It's kinda tiny for a magazine restaurant but it felt comfy because of the tiny ness.
At first I was worried because the menu only had pork broth ramen but when I asked the server he told me about the vegan and vegetarian option. So YAAAAY! Don't forget to ask about it!
I had the vegan curry ramen and it was sooo good. I'm a vegan but sometimes eat eggs lol. I paid a dollar or so for eggs and I love how the egg made the brother CREAMIER !!! I think the food was well worth it but additional ad-on's are a bit extreme but hey, it's a business right? 
I think I only paid 13 dollars for my meal and I gave 20% tip so overall I think it was well worth the money.
I was full for a while after having it.Ordered the Kuro, and the significant other got the Geki-Kara. Both ramen bowls were fantastic, but service quality dropped off quickly once the place filled up. Waitress/hostess missed an ordered item (pork buns) and took time to check up on us - when she did, it was with the check even though we wanted to put in an order for mochi for dessert. She was very busy as she was the only person servicing tables, and was still pleasant, but she could've done a better job prioritizing.
Overall good experience and would come back.I went back after thoroughly enjoying my first trip. I asked to order the same thing - half spicy and half regular because I enjoyed it so much!! The server was against this. It was a little confusing. She said I'm just going to order you the regular and bring you chili oil you can add. And I was like oh, ok, well last time they just did half and half for me (which the previous server recommended to me!). I guess I didn't realize that the only difference to the spicy broth was just some added chili oil. She then recommended a different ramen option to me (there are 3 now) and I said I would just order the spicy since I liked the spiciness my first trip and didn't want to not have any spice. And since she was so against me ordering half and half. It was awkward and left everyone at my table feeling a little off with the encounter. I didn't enjoy it as much as my previous experience. It was a little too much spicy and while I expect some fat with the pork obviously, I had 3 chunks of pure fat which I didn't eat. Loved my first visit but not sure I'll be frequenting again soon, unfortunately left disappointed in my meal.I like it, but the spice in the meat is too strong and made me sick...Also, the egg itself is a little bit too sweet. Overall, I like the soup and noodles.Yummy ramen. Fast friendly service. Pork is super tender, just melts perfectly between chopsticks.yummy broth.  I'll need to try the 1/2 spicy next time.We stopped in for dinner around 8 on a Saturday night. The service was fast and friendly, and the food was delicious. We split an order of pork bun, which were perfectly spiced and served with amazing pickled onions. My boyfriend ordered tonkatsu, which had a delicious broth that he said was the closest he'd gotten to authentic ramen since he'd been in Asia. I had the geki-cara, which even at half spice was SUPER spicy, but it knocked my head cold right outta my body. We ended the meal with strawberry and mango mochi. I've never been a fan of mochi, but these were really good! I don't know if that means they have excellent mochi, or I just have strange taste in mochi. Overall, I loved this little hole-in-the-wall place, and would definitely go back.Hallelujah!  We finally have decent ramen in this town and I couldn't be happier.  Broth was excellent and the noodles were chewy, just the way I like them.  Service was quick and friendly.  It's ramen so not a long sit down meal...just slurp and go on about your day!
I would agree with other reviews that the portion is on the smaller size for the price and I didn't leave stuffed, which is usually what happens when I have ramen in other cities.  But hopefully they are tinkering with the portions and will adjust.  Go get some tasty ramen, you will be glad you did.Waited for 30 minutes and was asked twice to sit at the bar. We left after they sat a party that arrived after us.We started off with some pork buns which were great appetizers but they were a bit on the sweet side for me. As for the ramen I got the kuro ramen but I did add some chili sauce to give it the kick I wanted. Overall it was good but the dishes I had all had a sweet taste to it which was different. Would I come back? Yes.I LOVE NOMIYA! It's a must stop shop if you're visiting NOLA. The noodles are cooked perfectly and the broth is flavorful. My favorite is the Spicy Tonkatsu and don't sleep on the Bao. The service is also superb with such a warm and friendly staff.My husband and I have gone to Japan and really miss the ramen there. We were really excited when this place opened and knew we had to try it. Definitely didn't disappoint. I got the "too hot" ramen while my husband got the Tonkatsu. It was delicious. The meat just melts in your mouth. They also greet you just like the Japanese restaurants do in Japan. We have gone back twice this month and planning to go back again soon !Phenomenal. Best ramen I've ever had. Delicious broth, tender pork, actually really spicy if you want it to be.This is some of the best ramen I have ever had in my life. If you are cool with it being pork only I would definitely check it out! The Tonkatsu is amazing, it has a super rich creamy broth, and the pork they use omg. They must braise it for hours, it so tender and sweet. They were also very quick. It's a small place great for a date or to hang out with friends! I want to go back and try the pork buns!The best ramen in the world! Great environment and service and the pork melts in your mouth.I'm happy to have ramen options in New Orleans, and the ramen was very good. But there are a few things you should know before you go so you don't get your hopes up and expect more than what it is:
1) The menu is very limited. Only two ramens, and both are really tokutsu but one is made spicy. There aren't good (any?) vegetarian options.
2) Pork is featured. Further, that pork is not traditional, tonkotsu-style pork loin. It's a similar cut of meat, but it's seasoned with a barbecue-style rub. This makes the pork itself relatively "sweet" tasting compared to any ramen you've probably ever had. It's not bad, but it is different, and I know people who are more familiar with the much less sweet cuisines outside of the U.S. will hate that.
3) The menu is confusing. The way the add-ons are featured it seems as if you don't get them unless you add them, but the reality is that most of them are already in the ramen, and they're just "extra" portions of those items. They're listed underneath each ramen  as if they go only with that bowl of ramen but they go with any. The bowl of ramen is enough food to be full, but odds are you won't have some to take home, and big eaters may want the add-ons.
4) The service is a little unrefined. They're trying hard, but really too hard, and make a lot of mistakes that suggest they haven't had real restaurant training. Most people probably won't be bothered but as a former server I get annoyed by things like a server asking me how my food is twice in one minute or trying to take my bowl away when I'm still eating.
With all of that said I will go back. The ramen was tasty. I love tonkotsu and don't have time to make it at home. It's good if you aren't put-off by the barbecue rub. And it was a quick, satisfying, moderately-priced meal on Magazine St. If you accept all of that, you'll like Nomiya.I wouldn't consider myself a "regular" at many restaurants, but Nomiya certainly sees me more than most! I always get the Geki-Kara and I add butter & corn. I also order a Yuzu Lemonade if I'm feeling fun and want an extra treat. I'd suggest getting half spice if it's your first time trying the Geki. I love spicy food, but for my palette, the *too spicy* is just what it's advertised as. Besides, you can always get half spice and add additional spice if need be. Win win!
Nomiya has a fairly small location, so it's easy to miss if you're driving too quickly down Magazine. Upon entering the restaurant, the immediate view of massive murals, chef in the kitchen, and a great aroma, you just might think that you're in for a special treat & you couldn't be more correct. The service is quick and staff is always friendly. Their music playlists have varied in genre on my different visits, but I always enjoy them and find that they set the tone perfectly. They've also implemented safe and sanitary procedures for takeout during re-opening stages after Covid-19.
I believe it's safe to say that I'm a regular here.Nomiya was the first ramen I had after coming to New Orleans and it won't be the last. It's a really cool place. Right there on magazine street with Maneki Neko's all over the place. They had a sign that said free champagne so I figured it was worth a try. Inside, Nomiya has a really cool vibe. Its walls are painted with some funky murals, and right under the ceiling is a row of the nekos pawing away. It reminded me of shops I've seen in hipster havens such as Austin and Denver.
Nomiya seems to be a bit of a fusion of ramen and Vietnamese, with an emphasis on the ramen, and the place doesn't disappoint. I got the Geki-Kara ramen which was a little bit spicy but nothing terrible. The broth was flavorful and the noodles cooked well. Nothing really to complain about. After the ramen I got some homemade green tea mochi which was great and not too sweet. 
I'd like to avoid comparing this place to Kin as many people have done, because both places are great and it kind of depends on the vibe you want. Personally, I'll probably just go to which ever one is closer whenever I get the desire for ramen. This place does not have any vegan ramen options, so if that's something you're into, perhaps Kin is the better option. 
Overall, I'm impressed and it's good to see magazine get a place like this.This is so yummy. They very nice to me and serve fast. Tonkatsuuuu....try Tonkat-yummy!! Umami flavor packed broth with delicious, chewy noodles. Fall apart meat, all in my mouth, making me very happy. The pork bun is flavorful, bun is light and ever so soft. I feel a haiku coming on so I must go, but YOU must try Nomiya. You'll never feel like Nomi-no....but Nomi-YA!!!A very satisfying lunch. A short menu, which I appreciate. Just doing one thing very well. My partner asked about a veggie option which they had off-menu. Veggie broth, noodles and veggies. It rivaled my noodle bowl with braised pork. I'd probably get the veggie next time. Quick service too!A taste of Japan right here in New Orleans. Standing room area? Am I back in Japan or what? I love it already. There is seating as well for those who prefer to sit.
The Too Spicy ramen was amazing. It was pretty spicy for me but damn delicious. The pork was tender and noodles were the perfect consistency.  Plenty of add ons - I went with the butter, corn, and fried garlic. Pork buns were great - tender pork and Japanese mayo, can't go wrong.
Now if only Houston wasn't so far away. I will definitely be returning on my next visit to New Orleans.This place is small and the menu is very basic but complete and easy to understand. The food is amazing and the price is not high. I love ramen and this house just went to the top of my list. This is a must for those who like ramen. 
The only surprise was once the edemame arrived. They serve them cold and with lemon, which I found also delicious, but if you want the regular warm esemame make sure to let your server know. 
Oh I must mention that we only waited for around 10 minutes to get the food on our table. Thumbs up for this placeTotally addictive noodles and broth. I find my car driving itself here often and my legs helplessly guided through the door. I lived in Asia for four years and miss it dearly. This place always cures my need for the flavors of the EastNomiya is definitely a cool local hangout for some great Japanese bites. This ramen bar may seem hidden and that all ties into the meaning of Nomiya.
The food was very tasty and the ambiance was cozy. The restaurant is also very cold so it's okay to eat hot ramen. I highly recommend starting with the pork buns. Which dish is the star of the show? Pork buns all the way! They're my absolute favorite in th
Pork Buns from Nomiya on Magazine 
Nomiya
 Would I go back again?
Most definitely!Super spicy Geki-Kara ramen. Excellent flavor with tender pork that melts in your mouth. Unless you want serious heat, I'd recommend the 1/2 spicy version. The pork buns (2 per order) were a great appetizer to share. The BBQ was a little more southern sweet than I expected, but the Japanese mayo and pickled onion kept the flavor sufficiently Asian. Seating is limited and best suited for groups up to 4 (although we had 5 at a good time of night on a weekday). I saw couples on dates and families with children, but really young children accustomed to an Americanized version of asian cuisine and fussy kids won't find much to like. My teenagers, though, loved the food and finished with mochi for dessert.Nomiya have been slowly tweaking their vegetarian ramen (which is not on the menu, but is almost always available if you ask) for the past couple years. Every time I order it, it's somehow better than the previous iteration; I would say with today's order, they have reached perfection. 
見事!!!I love the ramen at Nomiya.  I came here for the first time with my boyfriend and ordered the Geki-Kara 1/2 spicy and boy did it have a good kick to it. I love spicy food, but not sure if my taste palette can handle the "too spicy". The broth was very rich and creamy. I wanted to lick the bowl clean. My boyfriend had the tonkotsu and liked his as well. We also had the pork buns which were also pretty tasty. I would definitely come back.BEST RAMEN IN NOLA!! I've been looking for a place with good ramen since moving here from Los Angeles and I finally found it. The tonkotsu is PHENOMENAL! I've tried all of the different flavors and that one is definitely the best. The broth is so rich and delicious, and the pork belly just melts in your mouth. I finally decided to try the pork buns this time and they were amazing as well. 10/10 would recommend.The only type of ramen I've ever explored was "Oodles of Noodles" and "Top Ramen," so boy was I happy to see a ramen place open up just a few minutes down the street. REAL RAMEN. My first real ramen experience! Eeeeeeek! Well, for a first time ramen-goer, I have no complaints. 
Everything was exactly like I had seen it in pictures: unctuous broth, noodles, soft cooked egg, pork, and fresh toppings. The food's a little pricey, so I stuck with the simple pork with no additional toppings. It was filling enough, believe me! 
The menu is limited to pork, however. So, this place is not good for vegans or vegetarians. Pork lovers only (works for me)!
A general FYI, the place is fairly small only about 7 or so tables. Everyone is pretty cozy. And, yes, I was worried I might have splashed my neighbor once or twice with ramen broth due to my novice chopsticks skills. 
With the cold weather we've been thinking experiencing, Nomiya is sure to warm your belly!This is some of the best ramen in New Orleans for sure! Ramen is one of my top 10 favorite foods ever, so I have eaten ungodly amounts of it at many places and this one is really good. If you like spicy food get the 1/2 spicy, your organs will thank you for not ordering the full spicy. If you want to order the full spicy go ahead. I'm not your mom. Do what you want! Just eat ramen, and eat it here!This hole in the wall place is definitely somewhere you want to try if you're a ramen fan. Small space, super chill vibe. Can wear your sweats or a casual outfit. Really casual atmosphere. Great for a small group like 2-4 for dinner, or go solo. Small menu but they execute those items. Pork buns were deliciousssssss, I could have ordered more. Pork ramen was awesome- I forgot the name on the menu for it. They have mochi for dessert, delish!The food is amazing and the staff are so kind. They are extremely attentive and made our dining experience epic!This is a cute family owned ramen restaurant. Very small and intimate. I was a little confused with how you signed up for the waiting list as there is just a tablet by the door with a bunch of names and I was not sure if I did it myself. After 5 minutes of waiting the waitress told everyone by the door to sign in on the iPad. The wait was about 10  minutes since there was a lot of groups.
As far as the food though this place is delicious. It felt like I was in an authentic Japanese ramen place in Japan. It was small and steamy. It was full of great aromas and good smiles everywhere. 
You can say that if I am looking for ramen this place is a good lace to go. 
Now if you don't like small places or are a huge person, I would not recommend, as I felt like I was on top of the people next to me. I am 6'1 and is doable but just consider my knees were touching the table underneath. 
Food and service is great. I recommend.I have never had "real ramen" as many other Yelpers have, but to my untrained palate, it was amazing! LISTEN when they tell you the "half-spicy" Geki Kara is spicy. IT IS. And I use a ton of hot sauce in my pho, so I was skeptical. It was the perfect amount of heat. I added seaweed and it provided a nice texture and flavor contrast. Everything was piping hot and service was perfect. There's a weird little step up as soon as you open the door, so look out for that. Highly recommend!Okay guys, this was my first time, as well as, my hubby's first time eating ramen from Nomiya's.  We were both really excited, we did Yelp research to ensure we picked a great spot to try. With that being said, the SOUPS were ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!  I'd definitely recommend this spot; however, we got it to go and they didn't label anything for for us. We didn't know if both broths were the same, how to tell which broth was the spicy broth (the spices came on the side and we had to figure that out), if there was a container for the bata or is it mixed with the corn.  The pickled ginger is really good and one of the only things we identified right away, well the corn too, but you get my point.   I couldn't finish it in one sitting, so I woke this AM (March 4) and ate it for breakfast, even better the next day.I went here again recently to give this place a shot. I gave it 2 stars before and I'm gonna stick with it again for this review. I've tasted a lot of ramen, and this ramen is not that bad, but certainly nothing memorable. Better than Little Tokyo, but nothing like Kin. My previous review, the "too spicy" Ramen was WAY TOO spicy. Living in New Orleans, I've eaten my fair share of spicy foods and my tolerance is pretty good. This time, I decided to stick with the regular ramen and asked for spice on the side. After adding my own appropriate amount, the ramen was much more enjoyable the first time, however, the servers weren't too attentive to us. After receiving the check, I noticed they charged me extra for the spice on the side. That doesn't make sense at all because the "too spicy" ramen is the same price as the regular ramen. That kind of threw me off which attributed to the same 2 Star rating. Again, nothing that would bring me back here, especially since the ramen is nearly $14.Absolutely the best ramen place in NOLA! 
Upon entering, the friendly host greet and took my name and number down. There's about 11 tables and a bar with 8 stools. They only take up to party of 4 , which I understand due to the kitchen process and everyone get their food at same time! 
My friend and I sat at the bar so we can get our food quicker!
Nomiya currently offer 3 ramen bowl and all are pork ramen! 
1. Tonkutsu: very flavorful pork ramen bowl 
2. Geki-Kara (too-Spicy) :it's really really SPICY! 
(Which is a good thing since my friend love SPICY)
3. Kuro  (toasted garlic oil and butter and corn) 
:my favorite because I love love butter +corn and the toasted garlic oil!!!
All the bowls come with 6-min soy egg, pork chasu (sweet braised sliced pork), scallions, pickled ginger,& nori! 
There's other option/additional side to put in bowl.
I absolutely recommend adding butter and corn to the ramen bowl!  The portion of the ramen are more from the last time I went. Well.. more ramen for me! 
I also learned from one of the friendly server that the pork broth is cooked for 48 hours,  the sweet braised chasu pork cook for 8 hours and marinated for 2 days,& the egg is marinated for 3 days! That's a lot of labor and I love the quality of food being put together. 
ALSO.....
The pork buns are a must! There's two in an order! The pork is so tasty and filled with flavor along with cucumber,romaine lettuce,&sweet mayo! 
I highly suggest you come hungry and be ready to leave with a full and happy stomach!
AND... I will definitely be back!
LAmazing ramen!!!!!!...... I had a veggie one. You can pick and chose what you want inside it. The only downside is they only have pork broth. I didn't mind it, I know some people don't eat it. Service was good, nice small and comfy atmosphere. Definitely going back.....soon lolMy husband and I love coming here for a casual date night. We moved from San Diego and we were regulars at another great ramen spot. Since then we have tried a couple different places out. Nomiya is our favorite ramen so far. We have eaten here about 5 times now. The staff is always so nice and attentive. And the food is always delicious. Definitely recommend if you are into ramen.Delicious everytime I go! Don't let the small menu fool you, anything you get from here is gonna be 
The size of the establishment is pretty small but don't let that keep you from trying this place out!I've had a lot of ramen over the years living in Hawaii and Los Angeles and even when visiting japan. Never thought my favorite bowl of ramen would be found right here in New Orleans. Absolutely spectacular! Will come here many more times in the futureThis is the most legit ramen I've had in New Orleans. The tonkatsu is rich and delicious. The noodles are that perfect spongey texture. The charashu is perfect. The steamed buns and yuzu lemonade were also faves. It's a small space right off Magazine Street. The person who served me was super friendly. This place is going into regular rotation, for sure.Me encanta el Ramen!!! Así que está de más decirlo, este lugar está muy rico. Deben de probar su selección.  En un buen lugar de la calle de Magazine:) les debo la fotos!! @la_tenedorFinally got to try this cute spot this past weekend and it did not disappoint. For starters, there is a limited menu of three options of ramen. I ordered the Geki-Kara (half spicy) and this was by far some of the best ramen I've ever had. It was obvious the pork was marinated for hours and the base of the soup itself was full of flavor and amazing seasonings. Each ingredient in the ramen was fresh and carefully placed so they blended perfectly together to make a delicious soup. Next, the service was incredible! Our waiter walked us through the menu and offered different tips for what he thought we'd like and even recommended drinks that would complement the ramen we ordered! His attention to detail definitely did not go unnoticed. All of the staff was super sweet and they were so thankful for our business. Based on the customer service alone, this place deserves 5 stars. Finally, the inside of the restaurant is small, but intimate and has stunning art. You can tell each piece is intentional to the mood they're setting. It was an all-around, pleasant experience and I highly recommend anyone to try out Nomiya!Ramen how do i love thee...had pork ramen in denver last year and been craving it ever since. Be warned..this is one of the smallest restaurants ive ever seen. Lol! Great way to keep overhead down. Waitress was friendly and we were seated pretty quickly. I loved the funky decor and wall mural. They lost a star only bc there was music playing that had super explicit lyrics complete with slurs...while this is fine n dandy in the club...i would prefer my ramen without a side of B**ch but i digress.
The ramen was great! Really good flavor. I had the version with the truffle oil. The broth wasnt as hot as i would like but the flavor more than made up for it. The ramen had great texture. Definitely worth a return trip.Incredible ramen. Fantastic service. Perfect lunch on a rainy afternoon. So happy to have tried this awesome spot and know I'll be back again, very soon!Nomiya..
I almost hate extolling the virtues of this place.
Because then it will get even more crowded and I'll have to wait longer for the delicious Ramen I love so much!!
Nothing bad can be said about this establishment.
Great Ramen, tremendous Ramen, and if you love spice, and I love spice, you can get reaper powder on the side to kick it up a notch.
This place ROCKS so damn hard!!
Seriously, COME HERE!!!!The menu is short and simple which I appreciated, and the atmosphere is also small so don't expect much elbow room.  They do the best they can with the space they've got though so I can't be critical.  The staff were absolutely lovely, answered my questions well, and my water glass was never empty--5 star servers and hostess.  
I ordered the spicy option of Geki-Kara ramen with added corn and butter and some of the chili oil on the side to add in.  The broth was delicious and had I just been reviewing the broth this would be a higher rating.  However, my pork was almost more a pot roast consistency, and broke apart so much that it sort of was lost.  The corn was probably my favorite part, but I'm not sure what the butter added.  I only got half of my six minute egg which saddened me because I love them. The noodles were a little undercooked for my liking, and were just a tad harder to eat because of it as they were sort of gummy, though nice and thick.  
Overall I would say I enjoyed the meal but will continue my search for amazing ramen in New Orleans.Ah, when excellence is in sight, flaws glare the most.
Nomiya is fabulous concept that fails in two key areas.  Before we get there, let me applaud Nomiya for serving terrific broth and excellent braised pork in their ramen.  The flavors are subtle, and the addition of ginger in the tonkotsu was welcome.  Additionally, the staff at Nomiya are pleasant and attentive.
Onto the areas of growth.  Nomiya does not make their own noodles, and the upshot of using premade noodles is that their texture and their flavors nearly eliminate the pleasure from the broth and the meat.  Secondly, the price tag on a meal with a %20 tip is nearly twenty dollars, which sounds right if they make the noodles in house, but because they cut costs with the premade stuff, it isn't a reasonable price for unexceptional ramen.
I hope Nomiya considers using either a local provider or its own kitchen to make New Orleans ramen -- that is already halfway there -- wonderful.The service was fast! Also the man that helped me with my takeout was so friendly & nice! I got the geki kotsu & it was amazing! This was my first time having authentic ramen so I didn't know what to expect, but I enjoyed it!The best ramen in New Orleans. Great service. The food was very flavorful and the noodles were perfectly cooked. It's a quick meal if you're in a rush. Also the best edamame I've ever had. I don't typically like edamame but the flavors they put on theirs made them deliciousFantastic little spot on Magazine. We tried to come in a few weeks ago, and they were closed (it was Monday) so we were sort of jonesing to get back.
We came in on a rainy Tuesday (open!) and both had Geki-Kara broth. I had the full spicy and K had the half spicy, and the full spicy is not to be trifled with my friends. It's incredible, and my sinuses are now very clear. 
We also grabbed some edamame, as well as a few add-ons (fish cake and Japanese pickles) to taste. Everything was delicious and came out fast. Service was impeccable, and they follow all safety protocols.
Note: no alcohol here. We asked if BYOB was ok, and they are totally cool with that. We grabbed some beers from the market right across the street, and maybe you should too. 
Amazing ramen! Will definitely be back for more.After visiting on multiple occasions and trying all three ramen, I have settled with the genki-kara (too spicy) as my favourite! The too spicy isn't super spicy for me personally so I like to add the shichimi to mine, but I also grew up on spicy Korean food. The broth is flavourful, and the braised pork is also tender and sweet. Be sure to ask for the whole egg! 
I do have a few complaints. The first thing is the service, which can be pretty slow at times, and the servers are not super attentive. The second thing is that social distancing is virtually impossible in their restaurant (it's a super narrow, small space), and they weren't really enforcing the 6ft social distancing guidelines when I went recently. I doubt they were enforcing them when COVID-19 cases were really surging, a few months back. So it's up to you to make the call on whether it would be safe to dine there. The final thing is that they don't offer kaedama (second serving of noodles), which I personally think is essential in a ramen restaurant. 
Overall, I think it's pretty good. I've definitely had tastier ramen in other parts of the U.S./Asia, but it's probably your best option in New Orleans.New Orleans is a wonderful city for a lot of different  cusines, but ramen is not of them. 
Unfortunately, Nomiya follows the same tradition.
They have three different offerings for Ramen, none of them are exceptional. All are edible, but barely so. Umami is a characteristic that is desired in every single Ramen, not to be mistaken as saltiness; a mistake committed in every single ramen at Nomiya. From the murky and salty tonkotsu, the sweet (!!) slices of pork ( char sui?) , cold 7 minutes egg, and outrageous prices. Nomiya misses the point over and over again.Oh Nomiya, shall I compare thee to a summer's day? Thou art more lovely and fiery. There's nothing more ramen-tic then curling up with a bowl of noods. First off, by fiery I don't mean temperature, I mean spicy. My partner ordered the Geki-Kara, half spicy, and boy did it pack a bunch! Heed the wise words on the menu and believe them when they say "yes, it is actually spicy." I ordered the Kuro. As a lover of garlic and deeply rich broths - I gotta say this place makes a killer broth. On top of that the egg was perfect and the corn added a nice sweetness. I kinda wish there were more pickled veggies, on top of the pickled ginger, to help cut the richness of the broth because when I say the broth is rich, I mean Great Gatsby East Egg, 7 yachts, golden toilet kind of rich. And I mean that in a glorious, coat your tongue, and drown in it kind of way. 
But the real star of the show was the sweet braised pork. This may just be the best braised pork I've ever had. If Nomiya wants to open up a braised pork restaurant, I would fully support this. It is so soft, fatty, flavorful, and soaks up all that rich broth. Come for the ramen, stay for the sweet braised pork.With so few options for good Ramen in the city, I'm excited to find a simple, good, accessible option in this tiny Magazine St eatery.  With two ladies, running the show, Nomiya offers quick, hearty and delicious Ramen.  The options are few but mighty.  Of the 3 Pork ramen available I chose Geki-Kara at 1/2 spicy with an egg, braised pork, bata & corn.  It's HOT y'all.  I can't imagine doing the advertised"too spicy" version, and I love spicy food.  But man, it's delicious.  The spice compliments and builds but doesn't distract from the sweet, tender, fatty pork and the buttery corn.  The egg was a perfect gooey yoke type.  I also had the housemade ginger iced tea, a little sweet but not too much.  
The ramen is hearty and enough to save a little for later.  I look forward to returning for the pork buns and will definitely ask for a whole egg next time (comes with 1/2).  Overall, just delicious.We hadn't decided where to eat on our quick trip to New Orleans. An artist in a pottery shop on Magazine Street mentioned a killer ramen place a couple of blocks away. Ramen is a favorite so we decided to check it out. 
After a short walk, we found it, but it wasn't opened yet. The menu in the window showed only pork broth. We decided to stop back and ask. "Let me check," a woman with a hurried look responded. "We did have some, let me make sure we didn't run out." 
Ramen is from Japan, but this place has a Vietnamese influence. In my experience, Vietnamese don't do vegetarian so often. But it turned out they did have some sort of non-meat broth, so we sat down. 
We also ordered edamame and that arrived first. We are used to it being served warm, but this came out cold. I didn't like that as well, but we ate it anyway. You could see pieces of ice among the beans... kind of a thaw and eat method.
I also noticed something called Royal Milk Tea in the cooler. I ordered one of those. It was so good I could have had another. It was just black tea and milk and for some reason had a California warning on the can about birth defects.
The soup came in a decent portion and we both found it tasty. Mine had a variety of vegetables including what appeared to be pickled mustard greens, bamboo and seaweed. There were plenty of noodles and more than plenty of seaweed, which became overpowering after a while.
The restaurant is of the skinny sort and was full of patrons during our entire visit. Many of the seats don't have backs, so if you find it hard to sit on a stool, know that in advance. There is seating along the wall. 
I imagine the pork eaters among us will give Nomiya higher marks. It was a good experience over-all and they did put forth an effort to offer something for non-meat eaters.The ramen is good, I can say it's the best in NOLA I know. The service is great, food served pretty fast, small place.However, the atmosphere kinda dark and the place smells pretty bad at the time I walked in.Finally had a chance to try this place, the Ramen was extremely good!!  It's a small place, with a hip five, definitely would not bring my kids here but was awesome for some quick takeout and I would come back for a lunch or even a dinner dateSo, so good! The pork buns were amazing. I ordered the Kuro and added a whole egg. My fiancé got half spicy. Both were very good. I was worried about the kuro having too much garlic, but it was perfect. I tried the half spicy, and think I preferred the kuro. Half spicy was not too spicy for me, but I could see it being too spicy for some people. The pork was so tender-- roast beef in a crock pot level tender! 
The entire place only seats about 20 people. They do not serve alcohol but I saw a group of women walk in with wine, so looks like they allow BYOB. They also have milk tea in a can and Mexican coke, among other options. 
Service was ok, but they were hustling and friendly, so no real complaints.Very tiny Lille spot. Fun decor fast service. I had the ramen 1/2 spice. I thought I asked for it on the side but it diddnt come that way. It was definitely sspicy!! I like spicy but if you have any reservations about spice pass or make sure it's really on the side. The person was super tender and mildly flavored. The noodles were a little too sticky for my liking but not bad. I ordered an extra egg(way too runny for my taste I like soft boiled but this was very runny)  pickled ginger( I hated it and ended up picking I it out). Overall the ramen was tasty. The broth was good nott too salty. Definitely not like the ramen at home in San Diego but a good fill in. I'll definitely revisit.2 years ago , I would've given this 4 stars really good. Now it's absolutely a different taste. First off the ramen was cold, maybe lukewarm  at best. Second, these noodles legit are 30% better than a decent instant ramen noodle. Third, for the price you're better off just getting instant ramen cuz idk who can be full of this tiny serving for 15$ and I'm 4'11. ( they only give you half an egg ) Did I mention it was cold? Like bro the meat was cold. I get the egg and maybe the broth but also the meat? Y'all didn't even bother to put the meat in the microwave?. Ps the Kuro ramen (most expensive) is just the oil from Mama noodles???And the flavor of the broth? Just salty I guess not rich or anything standing out at all.This is a cute spot on Magazine with GREAT food and customer service!! Our waiter was very kind, offered great advice & was very attentive to our table of 6. 
We ordered pork buns, Geki Kara Ramen (1/2 spicy & on the side) , Kuro Ramen with seaweed and Naruto fish cakes added & Mochi for desert. One word. Phenomenal. The ramen was cooked well with a ton of flavor. For a more bold, garlic flavor I would recommend the Kuro Ramen. However, the Geki Kara is definitely my favorite. The pork buns were so good by the time I remembered to take a picture they were gone  10/10. The mochi is solid & the menu allows for you to try multiple flavors at once. Overall, I had a very pleasant experience from the wonderful customer service to the delectable food. 10/10A must eat!! The ramen was beyond delicious. Great ambiance and the server was very friendly! The strawberry mochi was a perfect way to end such a fantastic meal. Great prices for the amount and quality of the food. Yummy yummy!!!Came here on a weekend night and didn't realize how small the interior was! There are maybe 5/6 small tables inside. The inside was kind of darker with a pink tint in the lights, creating a chill vibe. My friend and I ordered the pork buns, tonkatsu ramen, and the Geki Kara 1/2 spicy ramen. The pork buns were perfect, with fluffy white buns, and delicious braised pork on the inside. I appreciated how the pickled onions were on the side so we could use however much we liked. The tonkatsu ramen was delicious, but had a bit too many scallions on top for my taste. The pork was also slightly dry. The spicy ramen, even though we ordered 1/2 spice, was still pretty hot. Would've preferred a little less tongue burning! Overall a cozy place with great pork buns. The ramen was pretty average, although if you like spice, this may be the place for you.This was my second time here and they didn't disappoint once again.  I ordered the Geki-Kara 1/2 spice and added corn.  I am a spice guy, but no way I'd order the "too spicy."  The 1/2 spice had my nose running but it was well worth.  The server is always super friendly.  A must to visit for Ramen in New Orleans.One of the best ramen spots New Orleans has to offer. What this place lacks in size, it makes up for in taste. I recently went here with a coworker for lunch. We started with the pork buns which were very tasty. I got the Kuro for my main dish. It's ramen with sweet braised pork, corn, garlic oil, leeks and pickled ginger. This was simply delicious, very filling as well. The ginger iced tea was  refreshing. 
Small place so don't come with a large party. The staff is very friendly and the food comes out fast. LocTed on Magazine Street so be prepared to pay for parking or park on a off street. Highly recommend, will definitely be back.I love nomiya but tonight was ridiculous. Server did not attend to us at all. We waited 10 minutes to get our order taken. And a couple and lady came in about 10 minutes after us. They for some reason got their order before us. At that point we had already been waiting 40 minutes. That's when I asked the server where our meal was as the three other people had already gotten theirs. 
Not once did she check on us after taking our order. 
She leaves to figure it out, doesn't say anything comes back five minutes later to ask us WHAT WE ORDERED !! Are you kidding me... I had to leave at that point. The worst part is I'd been craving Nomiya, and drove a long way to come. All for nothing! 
Had she been checking her tables and making sure we were fine all of it would have been avoided!! literally just wasted an hour sitting at a restaurant and got nothing!!! 
Mind y'all the place is small! Bring back the other server for busy nights!Flavor was great. I ordered a take out because the Restuarant was so small and tables were very small also. Just make sure you order early. The food took 45min to be ready on a Tuesday night.This ramen was AMAZING. The wait time wasn't bad, especially considering our group size. The server and hostess were incredible. They gave us great service, very friendly and the ramen was delicious. Super hot, portion sizes were very generous, and reasonably priced. Compared to a lot of ramen bars there are, this place gives you a lot for your money. 10/10 would come back!Ramen here is super yum!!!! It just like in Japan. I would really recommend this place, even on Saturday you still able to find parking. I love to come to this place every time I want noodle* personal fav for nola ramen *
Nomiya is my personal favorite place for ramen in New Orleans! It's a super cute, almost hole-in-the-wall type of place except that it's located on Magazine Street LOL. It's such a tiny place that it almost feels like a hole-in-the-wall
The menu is pretty simple as well, with a few choices of appetizers, a few broth choices for your ramen, and a few drinks to choose from. Not a very expensive menu, but the ramen is delicious and comes in such a great portion that I've had leftovers when I wasn't very hungry!
I know many people have different opinions on what the best ramen place in New Orleans is, but I tried Nomiya and I never wanted to try another place!It was date day with my special half the other day  We was craving SOMETHING.. just didn't know what. Until.. I blasted her with this great of idea of RAMEN! If you seen my reviews before, I'm a ramen connoisseur (sort of). I typically only have one place or the other when it comes to ramen in NOLA, so I chose Nomiya again. It's been several months since my last visit, and I wanted to rekindle that experience I had earlier and see what has changed from before.
The menu as I saw was pretty small. 3 Ramen choices, 2 Side Items, Desserts/Drinks, and Add-ons for the ramen. What had caught my eye AGAIN from the last visit was that expensive ramen ): $13.5!! Any more than that, I'd have to ask my date to pay for it, I'm a broke boi. We asked for 2 of the Tonkotsu Ramens and a side of spice to add to it. Their "TOO SPICY" ramen is what it is.. It's TOO SPICY for anyone to endure! I rather add to my own liking. It came out pretty quick, about 3 minutes after we had ordered it. It looked yummy and I added the spices to my preference and everything just tasted pretty good. I noticed the pork tasted a bit sweet which really caught my attention. Like.. wow, I never tasted sweet pork in ramen before. Then I looked at the menu and saw they put sweet pork in it, haha! I was expecting the Chashu style pork. This IS a Japanese and Vietnamese fusion restaurant I believe, so that sweet pork must've been that Vietnamese part.
Ending my lunch, I thought.. hmm.. It's good and all, but it was missing something. I took a look back at the menu and saw that all the add-on's they offer are really what make a ramen full.. If you go to any other ramen place, you'd expect that you get the full experience buying your bowl. Corn, bamboo shoots, sprouts, or even that Naruto Fish Cake thing. Don't get me wrong, the ramen is fine, but for $13.5, you'd think I'd get a Full Ramen Experience. Place is fine, but it's pricey. I feel like I shouldn't have to pay $18 for a bowl of ramen that looks complete.By far my favorite Ramen spot in New Orleans! The broth has a huge depth of pork flavor! The staff here will be the nicest people you will run into! Don't sleep on the spice here! It is definitely hot so approach with caution! If you like spice like me order more on the side and add as needed! I can't express how much I love this place! Highly recommended!I am giving Nomiya a generous 3 because I want the place to stay open. It has great potential. 
I am so thrilled that the world of ramen has reached NOLA. It's about time! There are a couple of places serving ramen, but Nomiya comes closest to a ramen shop experience - snug  restaurant, bar seating, manga, cat figurine waving hello, etc. 
They had 3 ramen to choose from on our menu tonight. I went with the tonkotsu ramen. Pretty standard, should be easy to nail. Plus, "24-hr broth" description tickled my taste buds instantly. Then, there were options for things to add i.e. more pork, pickled ginger... And, as for a starter or side or a little extra there's edamame and pork buns. 
Room for improvement or NOmiya: 
-I came for the ramen, but we did order the pork buns. And, boy were these buns tough. They didn't have the fluffiness of a proper bun and the pork was tough and sweet so much so it over powered the pickle in the bun. I had three bites at most. 
Ramen Anatomy:
-Noodle: Nomiya's noodle could have been a little less cooked and little firmer. This is like getting steak well done. Simply put, this is blasphemous. 
-Broth: I should've suspected the broth was going to disappoint when they decided to include "24-hr broth" on the menu. Ramen soup is innately complex. Its depth has depth. Nomiya's ... not so much. It was creamy, I will give it that. But, it may have been that the pork was so sweet that it over powered the flavor of the broth. It also didn't have the brininess you expect when you're eating broth with seaweed in it. It was just all sweet because of the sweet pork.
-Ramen seasoning: Nomiya doesn't offer different seasonings just the type of broth
-Toppings: the bowl had different toppings and as mentioned above the menu has a section of additional toppings if preferred. But, the most important toppings are the protein, in this case: pork and egg. The egg was overcooked. Soft-boiled egg is tough to perfect, especially served in something warm-hot, as it will continue to cook. This sets a great ramen house apart from mediocre ones. The pork must have been braised in pure sugar because it was TOO sweet. It overpowered the flavors of the broth. The pork flavor was so imbalanced that I had to salvage my ramen bowl by requesting something spicy which was delivered in a spicy chili oil. This added a layer of flavor to the broth that turned the sweetness way down. 
Another gripe, I requested lemon wedges with my water as this is my preferred water preparation, flat water with a hint of lemon. I was told they don't have lemon wedges. But, when I asked if the lemonade was hand squeezed, I was told it was made in house. And, when I inquired why I couldn't have a lemon wedge if they have it in house for lemonade, the server admitted the lemon juice was from a bottle. So, more like concentrate and not hand squeezed. But, seriously though. I asked for lemon wedges, not caviar. 
I hope Nomiya stays open because I love ramen. And, maybe the people of New Orleans will think it delicious because they haven't had great ramen and they are comparing it to the instant noodle packet. But, what is being offered right now is at least better than what's currently available in town and certainly better than nothing. 
Please address sweet pork situation. Even if that is the flavoring you want to have, turn it down some. Improve your broth then allow that to shine. Ramen is suppose to taste labor-intensive, not builloned to perfection.  And, maybe a great piece of pork belly wouldn't hurt.OMG! Everything is delicious, don't even question it. Best ramen in the city. The 1/2 spicy is just right. Please believe when they tell you to start with the half spicy because the too spicy is extremely hot. Love the pork Buns, and overall i love the simplicity of the menu.