This place was ok, the service wasn't good at all, we had to wait a while to get orders for drinks and for our food and the place wasn't even full. We almost walked out, the people that sat down after us did.
The food was ok nothing that stands out in my memory, it's been a few months since we went.               
I do remember wanting to try some tea with some find of ice mint gelato our something like that. The waiter said that they ran out and couldn't make it for me. About 10 minutes later another waiter makes it for another customer, that pissed me off, i almost walked out but decided to give the waiter a hard time about it so i questioned him why he told me they were out and couldn't make it for me when the other waiter made it for some one else. He didn't apologize or anything he just went and made one, we got our food right after. We ate and got out of dodge we won't be back there again.The food is alright here and there. It's never consistent. I ask for ex sauce one time they give me 2 mini ones, next time they give me a large container. When calling for delivery they didn't get my pizzas right ever, and their pizzas are not cheap. Asked for a Roma and they sent it with no greens and added proshutto. seems like the cooks should know how to make their own signature pizzas. Also the delivery ppl should check the order before leaving. My pizzas are soggy almost uncooked; not even brown on the bottom. Also got a caprise salad and I'm pretty sure the fresh mozzarella was old; tasted sour.  And our drinks were hot hot. I've given them too many try's. I'll eat at Theos or a real Italian place for pasta. I pay too much to get my order screwed every time.Super cute space with lovely outdoor seating. Staff is very friendly and cheerful. However, my 13 year old son and I found the food (calzone and garlic cheese bread) to be seriously lacking. My all-things-bread-loving teen couldn't eat more than a few bites of the calzone and I tossed the garlic bread after the first slice. I really wanted to love it but too bad, just didn't like the food at all.My SO and I came here for dinner recently after doing some Mid-City exploring.  It was a good decision.  We kept our order simple - breadsticks with marinara and pesto sauces, and a meaty pizza with goat cheese on my half.  The order of breadsticks was cheap and HUGE.  Like a giant stack of em!  They were baked perfectly and tasted delicious, especially with the sauces.
And the pizza was pretty good too.  Super cheesy, which I like, but my SO prefers super saucy.  Anyway, the flavors were great and the service was more than adequate.  Will definitely have to go back soon.This is a cozy place in an awesome historic neighborhood with high ceilings and a lovely outdoor space. We went on a Monday and were pleasantly surprised to find it was half priced bottles of wine and some good happy hour specials. We are from out of town and our server Christine took time to tell us about the area and give recomendations. The service was excellent and the Pizza was no lie some of the best I've ever had. The crust is crispy but lite and thin enough to get that perfect fold. We had the Italian and, because of the buy a large get a small for free deal, we got a margherita as well. Both were absolutely delicious! We will definitly be back to this spot.Divine Portabello appetizer, have you had it? If not, why not? I probably order this dish every time that I'm at Nonna Mia, I wish they had it as a pizza option or any other option.  I also secretly never want to share it because I just want to eat it all for myself. They do offer a panini that is very close, but my friend said it wasn't as good, probably cause all the sauce gets absorbed by the bread too quickly.
I have yet to be disappointed by any of their dishes. I really like their pizza, their pasta, the stromboli (and what a stromboli!), and their calzones. Oh and pictures of sexy ladies on their walls (sorry Cher, I'm going to have to exclude you from that comment)? The inside seating is very cozy and romantic.  Their outside seating is also very awesome, and on cold nights you never really have to worry because they pretty much have outdoor heaters covering the entire area.  Each individual table also has lights that you can adjust for brightness.
What was also awesome, is that during my last visit (when there was a water advisory), I went with my lady friend and our pup.  The waiter gave us a bowl of water for our puppy that was filled with bottled water.  When the restaurant ran out of bottled water for our refills, our waiter ran across the street to buy some more bottled water. That's pretty good service in my opinion.  I have run across several restaurants who would just list off a bunch of "we're out of that" and not really give alternatives.  It was nice too that the waiter reminded me in a very humorous manner that "ice" was made out of water that day.Great option for outside dining in Mid City.  I'm a big fan of the meatball panini.  They have wheat crust as an option for pizza.  It's a good, relatively thin, crust - my preference.Prima Pizza. That's about all I can say. I'm so completely distracted and in love with The Prima Pizza that nothing else even matters. I once tried the Shrimp Tuscany, it was pretty good, I wish it would've come with more bread. But one bite of the Prima Pizza and I had already forgotten about all of that noise. The cafe itself is quiet and cozy with perfect lighting. Sitting inside and having a Prima Pizza all to yourself is like cuddling in a corner with the love of your life.Had a Groupon and was heading back from City Park, so thought this would be a great option.  So glad we did.  The staff was awesome and felt like old friends.  Our Groupon was for to go food but would have loved to dine at the restaurant.  Got back to our hotel and was greatly surprised by how delicious everything was.  Pizza and Cheese bread were superb, the pasta salad was super fresh the artichoke panini was good but could have used a little more pressing for my taste. Super quaint restaurant worth a visit out of the French Quarter.  Definitely a meal my imaginary Italian mama would make.  Worth a visit!they told me there was 'was no good pizza in New Orleans" ...they lied! Pizza is ridiculously awesome! Service, pizza, and awesomeness is all here! Loved everything about it here, especially the food and service, A+ all around.Really good bar drinks especially the blood orange cocktail. Service was excellent, as were the appetizers - especially the olives....oh my gosh... The Olives! The entrees were  very good. Our table of five had the manicotti, pasta bake, meatballs, and 2 plates of tortellini. All of it was very tasty, manicotti probably the best, followed closely by the pasta bake. Sit outside if you can, as that is the most comfortable for conversation. Highly recommended.One of my favorite pizza places in town. Everything I've eaten here has been wonderful. The pizza crust has enough substance to hold up the slice but doesn't fill you up with bread. The garlic tomato sauce is just that so be prepared if you aren't into heavy garlic flavors.  It is a great spot to eat outside on the porch, which is my favorite, or on the expansive patio. Give it a try and you'll be happy you did.The Italian salad and tomato basil soup was fresh fresh fresh. A delicious, simple, light lunch. And great price! I'm sorry I had not been here sooner.We stopped by after Jazz Fest for a late dinner and were so impressed!  After talking to our waitress we found out they are under new management.   This would explain some of the not so positive reviews I think.  Too bad you can't start over in Yelp.  This place needs more recent Yelp reviews!
We got the lasagna and the manicotti.  Both were excellent, pasta looked homemade to me, sauce also tasted homemade.  Cheese in the manicotti was creamy and well seasoned, nothing was over salted.  I was scraping my bowl to get to get every bit of the cheese and sauce!
Staff was very friendly and welcomed us even though the were 20 minutes from closing and it was probably a long day for them with the Jazz Fest crowd.  Beautiful building , we sat outside on the porch.
I will make one comment about the prices, I thought it was a bit expensive to not include a salad or maybe bread with our entrees.  Price include the entrée only. Maybe if they read this note they will change that.
We will definitely be back!  Thanks guys!The food is always fresh and tasty.  Tonight I used their delivery service and it was just as fresh and hot!The bread sticks, ravioli,  and the limonata iced tea are the only items worth getting here. I've tried just about everything else and have been disappointed every time.  The outside seating area is really nice for drinks on Esplanade Ave.   Also be prepared to wait 45mins - 1hr to get your food.  As long as you bring a book or have a lot to talk about you'll be alright.Just moved back to NOLA in this neighborhood and had to start trying out the local restaurants.  LOVE the pizza here.  We got the 5 cheese pizza and added pepperoni, yum but beware if you don't like greasy pizza you may not like this one.  I happen to be a fan of NY style pizza and they do the pizza well.  It is also a good portion on the large.  Also have to say reconnected with an old friend there that I had not seen since before Katrina.  Go Peggy (waitress) still the best in service and conversation.Love the food here when your order is right and delivered to your table HOT!!! Decided to pick up take out instead of dining in big mistake . We received the wrong order nothing was hot and when I called was put on hold for 20 minutes and no one came back to the phone . Hire some staff and management needs to kick it up a notch . Such a disappointment of a truly gem of a restaurant .Nice outside atmosphere, but service was slow. Pizza seemed a bit undercooked and wasn't cut.I really liked this place. I noticed it while I was riding my bike. The colors of the restaurant and patio are bright and fun, so we decided to stop. The patio has a nice ambiance, the food was great and staff very attentive, but not annoying. And it's off the beaten path of tourist trap restaurants. Overall, a great find!I frequent this place. The happy hour is hard to beat, and the pizzas are really good, but....I doubt I'll be returning here due to the service. Waited an HOUR and a HALF for two sandwiches and spaghetti during their lunch shift. We eventually ended up leaving. While we inquired about our food, it was discouraging to hear that it was coming when we were seeing people who sat 45 minutes after us receive their food, bills and then leave while we were still there waiting. I brought some people with me as well, and it was their first time there. Obviously, they won't be back. Me neither.Visited this restaurant after a long day at City Park and was very pleased. I like that this restaurant had outdoor seating on the patio and was dog friendly. I had meatballs marinara and a Caesar salad that was delicious! The meatballs were so juicy and flavorful.. but I only wished I had more than just two. The salad was the perfect pair to my meatballs and would order again. My waitress was very friendly and even brought out water for my dog. Will come back again to try out more dishes!The food looked better than it tasted, but 1/2 priced bottles of wine on Mondays took the sting out of getting two flavorless paninis and a really weird bowl of tomato water that they claimed was minestrone. Service was very nice and knowledgable about the food and wine. My favorite thing about this place is the ambience out on the patio, and the fact that we can bring the pup. If it weren't for the fact we can have the dog there we wouldn't have gone back. Maybe we need to try the pasta or something, we really loved everything about this place but the food which is pretty major. Oh well.The lasagna has tiny carrots in it and the pepperoni pizza was gross. The shrimp fra diavolo linguine was lacking in both shrimp and flavor. Seriously, there were three shrimp and the sauce tasted like it came out of a jar. If searching for a good Italian place in MidCity, there's one on Carrollton that is excellent.Now that's a good meat ball. Went out with some friends to try this new restaurant Nonna Mia's and was more than just impressed. Good food, good service. I will be back.Terrible customer service and not so good pizza. The pizza is so inconsistent you don't know if you're getting a decent pizza or a bad pizza. We just ordered and got the wrong size pizza - called and they were so rude to us we'll never eat there again.Excellent food, service and atmosphere!!!! The eggplant panini is to die for and the tiramisu is the best I've had! :)my sis took us here & it was great!!! one of her drink spots & my neph's pizza spots!! haha!!! yea he's 6 & a pizza conniseur..ya see!!! we had coupla drinks...old fashion, french martini & ginger mint lemonade w rum..all were damn good!!! 
the caesar salad w grilled shrimp was killer & the crispy pan sauteed salmon special was redic!!!! and had a lil bite of the neph's pizza..was damn good..perfect thin crust w sauce to ingred. ratio!!!!
this will def be a spot i hit more when back home!!!!
wait staff is cool as fcuk too!!!Undercooked (not al dente) pasta, undercooked doughy pizza, which, by the way was posing as "garlic bread," and an all around terrible excuse for Italian Food. Let's just be polite and call it the Olive Garden of New Orleans.I usually have a good experience at Nonna Mia, but tonight was different. Ordered a shrimp pasta and chicken parmesan (took 45 minutes for the two dishes to come out when there was only two other tables in the dining room) and the chicken was served cold and extremely chewy and crunchy. It was completely inedible and I had to send it back. Service throughout the meal was subpar. The waitress did not present the specials, refill our drinks, or check on the table very often. However, two different servers did apologize about the chicken parm and asked me if I wanted anything else. I declined and asked for the bill, feeling grossed out by the crunchy chicken, which took another 10 minutes to be brought to my table.This was good! Lots of funn. We stuck with traditional pizza and calzones and they were great. Husband and I split a bottle of wine and four of us ate, it was reasonable. Better than the other local place.Good pizza 1/2 priced bottles of wine Monday and Tuesday. Keep an eye out for groupons too. Great patio. Service is a bit spotty at times though.Well first thing's first, you can't beat a free bottle of wine as a check in special. Based on this, I had my hopes set pretty high and I wasn't too let down. They were off to rough start when we were walked to our table, told to hold on, then told we had to wait 30 minutes. My wife and I just looked around at the all the open tables with a confused look on our faces and said, "OK...."
We sat at the bar where I kept repeating how they just lost themselves a star on my review and were seated about 15 minutes later. Our waiter was delightful and friendly, and explained how they had been insanely busy. My sympathetic side kicked in and the annoyance I was feeling earlier faded. The wine we got from my wife's third check in certainly helped with that as well.
All-in-all it was a nice dinner outside on a beautiful day with good food. I'll definitely be going back at least two more times.This used to be one of my favorite places in town; I went weekly for the best pizza and salads in town, and I'd occasionally order for delivery. Things have changed since new owners took over, though, and not for the better. The pizza remains good, but they seem to have cut costs in lots of other ways, and it shows--it now feels like a corporate chain with pre-set tables, cheap silverware, plastic cups instead of glasses, etc. These little things add up, in my opinion. More importantly, the food is not as good: the veggies are not as fresh (mealy tomatoes--yuck), the house dressing that used to be amazing is now meh, and the red sauce tastes like it's from a jar.World-class Italian food! The wait staff are super friendly and helpful. We definitely had the best food of our one week trip here. The food is served fresh and is well seasoned. When we went back for our second time we were nervous to try new entrees as we didn't want to risk getting slightly less awesome food. The garlic bread is a must! Also try the ginger lemonade too.If you're not a fan of cockroaches, don't sit outside. Ruined the whole meal. Seems like it used to be a hot spot but now is just sort of dragging along. Food was ok. Service was ok. Will not be going back.We love this place!! Very friendly staff and beautiful patio seating. The sangria is delicious!This was the first restaurant I ever tried in New Orleans- and, the home of my first Abita!  
This is a charming little place with a great outside seating area.  I am not a vegetarian- but they have some amazing vegetarian options that any omnivore would love!  The portobello and chicken appetizer was amazing as well as the portobello panini!  
The seating was a little off- we were told to wait 15 minutes for an outside table when almost all the tables were open and there was no one else waiting to be seated. Not quite sure why this happened- hopefully just a quirk.We ordered chicken parm with spaghetti, garlic bread and a Cesar salad with chicken. The garlic bread was a pizza dough that was not cook the dough was raw. The chicken parm and spaghetti was just ok. The salad was ok the chicken tasted like it was microwaved.Used to love this place esp the portabello panini but the last 4 visits have been progressively worse. Tonight the sandwich barely had anything between the burnt bread.SO DELICIOUS!! I loved everything! I really don't have a bad thing to say about the food!
The service on the other hand...A friend and I went at 8pm one Wed night they don't close until 9 so we didn't think it was a big deal.  You could tell the entire time that the server was just trying to get us out of there.  She didn't even ask us if we wanted desert. (luckily we have no shame and asked for it anyways!)  We both work in the service industry in New Orleans so we understand people coming in 2 minutes before you close and ordering a 4 course meal is a pain in the butt! BUT we definitely did not do that.incredibly long wait for a mediocre place. good service but the food could have come from the mall's food court and you wouldn't have noticed the differenceThey actually served up authentic Italian. The space is cramped and homey. The breadsticks must be ordered. I've not had their pizza. I'm way too snobbish about pizza though. If you stop by on Tuesdays you shouldn't have any reason to walk away thirsty either.I used to like Nonna Mias back in 2007. But I visited in 2018 and it's changed a lot. The food doesn't have "soul" in it anymore. It tastes microwaved and generic. I don't know how you could mess up Italian food but they do a great job at it now. It's okay. It will get you full and that's it.It took THREE HOURS to get us bread sticks and two small pizzas.  The pepperoni pizza was great (salty, cheesy, greasy), and the margherita pizza was utterly flavorless.  The crust, the few dots of cheese, the tomato, and the basil all didn't add up to one single flavor.  Absolutely.  Devoid.  Of.  Flavor.  I'm convinced it was strips of lettuce and not basil.  We got there at 7:30 and weren't able to pay until 10:30.  She only came out every 30 minutes.  By the time our food came out at 9:45 we were so hungry and cranky.  When I went inside to ask for our checks, I had to wait about 2 minutes until she had finished talking with the cooks before she would help me.  We will never go here again and wouldn't recommend it either.While the food was tasty, the place is severely understaffed.  People got frustrated and walked out.  It took 25 minutes for someone to come take our drink order.  We got our food over an hour after we were seated.  People at a neighboring table got their food the same time we did and we put our order in 15 minutes before them.  The manager was no help.  There was a nice young server, but she wasn't getting much support.I have been here several times and always liked the place. But I think it is mainly for the atmosphere and ambience of the place than the food. The outdoor seating is a rare treat in New Orleans. Enjoy this if you have accommodating weather. The menu is filled with Sicilian flare, but the food is nothing to get excited about. The place is a relatively quiet neighborhood across from the Degas House. The place is also small and quaint on the inside, which I actually like. So location, ambience, and a fun menu are waiting for you here. Just don't expect the best of New Orleans on the plate.Nonna Mia is usually a pretty good bet. I like their option to build your own pasta, which is what I choose to order most of the time. Their bolognese sauce is very good, as are their calzones. My favorite is the tre formaggi....so much cheesy goodness and a delicious tomato sauce. They also have pretty good pizzas. 
Their service is in need of some work, but I think they're sometimes under-staffed (not the servers' fault). Also, their prices are a little high. Check Groupon or Living Social; they sometimes have deals!I chose the restaurant due to the number of highly rated review. I was craving chicken parmigiana, and thought I'd give this place a try because this was one of the more recommended entrees on the menu. I placed a takeout order for the chicken parmesan and eggplant panini. 
Personally, I did not like the chicken parmesan. The marinara was much on the sweeter side, which personally I prefer spicer, more flavorful red sauce. As for the pasta, not homemade and a little mushy, which could be due to how long I let my food set before eating. The actual chicken was the best part. It had a nice breading but unfortunately was burnt on the thinner side. It also didn't taste to have been soaked in buttermilk due to being pretty dense and not very moist. I won't be ordering that entree again. 
The eggplant panini was good except for the I assume house made bread. The bread was distrusting. It was extremely flat and dense, almost like it didn't rise like it was supposed to. It left a bad aftertaste in the mouth instead of actually tasting he eggplant and other components. Maybe it was just a bad batch, but I hope that isn't the way the bread is supposed to taste. It definitely needed something, maybe salt and sugar, cause it tasted like a butter-less dinner bread roll, and not a good one. 
When I picked up the order, I enjoyed the ambience in the restaurant. It appears to be a cute date spot, plus, there's a gorgeous patio seating area. I want to try this restaurant again in the future, but we are definitely trying different items on the menu next time, probably the pizza, because the pasta itself wasn't any better than a cafeteria.Homemade dough.  There pizzas were delicous as well as there pastasBruchetta was dry bread with diced tomatoes. Loooong wait with poor service.Oh happy day! The original, magical Nonna Mia is on its way back! And it's pretty much been restored to its previous self. See, as it turns out, they just went through a rough patch of bad management, but that's totally been fixed (the other day I noticed their Yelp check in deal, so marched across the neighborhood to 1) find the person responsible, 2) tell them that they're awesome and 3) check in and get a free bottle of wine, which resulted in a great conversation with their awesome new GM). 
So, as a result of my determination to check in enough times to get a free bottle of wine, I've been there twice in the last week and have had a great experience both times. When I went the other day for lunch, the people behind the bar greeted me with a smile, told us to sit anywhere we liked, and even though I tried to order something that doesn't exist and confused the hell out of our waiter (thanks, Insomnia Fairy), he was awesome about it, and the food was good and I'm really excited to go back. 
Seriously, y'all. The real Nonna Mia has returned! Hooray!Best Italian in NOLA. The new owner had does wonders for this quaint little spot. I highly suggest everyone tries it!I discovered this place 2 years ago, just by chance.  What a lucky find!
My favorite is the fettucine alfredo with chicken and a Peroni on the side.  Their breadsticks are fabulous and so is the olive plate.  I've also gotten pizza and it was fantastic!  Great atmosphere inside and great outside sitting right on Esplanade avenue.  The trees on the street on a nice day make you feel New Orleans, if that makes sense.  A definite "must try".The Divine Portobello appetizer is delicious! It is our favorite appetizer there. The Sweet and Spicy pizza was awesome too!I don't do a lot of Yelp reviews, but I was so appalled by this visit that I had to vent in some way.  We have been eating here since they opened and quality and service has decreased with every visit.  Tonight we went there expecting a usually decent meal, but this will be my last visit.  It took an extremely long time to get a salad and the the entrees came out and they were extremely small portions for $15 pasta dishes.  I am accustomed to going to an Italian restaurant and leaving extremely full and still have leftovers.  After an app and an entree I left there with a hole in my wallet and my stomach.  I had to go around the corner to Canseco's Grocery to get something to satisfy my still-hungry stomach.  It is too bad because this place is in walking distance from my house and had always been a convenient option.Quick and friendly service with reasonable prices but I just didn't enjoy the pizza.  The ham was chewy and the bread was doughy.  I'll try it again because they may have had a bad night and I'll update if the pizza is better.lobster ravioli is the bomb. Sergio provided prompt, friendly service. They were out of beet salads which was depressing but the rest of the menu was sufficient enough to find something else to eat. The pasta salad is very tasty as well but with a tad too many olives. I'd dine again.I'm pretty sure we must have visited on an off day or something.. The first time my partner and I went here, the food was great! This time around, it was all REALLY bad. It made me so sick later that night that I had a hard time sleeping. I don't know how one messes up 4/4 items ordered but it happened. The bread was still doughey. The lasagna was literally a soup. My pasta was overcooked and soggy and I think the shrimp made me sick. Thought this place would be a good neighborhood go-to, but I think we'll keep looking..I found the food here to be simple and flavorful. I enjoyed the Prima Panini which was superbly garlicy albeit a little cold. Husband had the Italian Calzone aka the failed pizza which was pretty good, but the meat wasn't great quality. We of course enjoyed the $5 pitcher of Abita- who can resist that deal?
Our service started out good, but quickly became super slow and forgetful as the night went on. It seemed to be more of an issue with understaffing than the server herself. Doubt i'd eat here again, but would absolutely come for the $5 pitchers.This place used to be great!Bring back the way it used to be!Italian Ladies did it better! I have hope that it will get better!  I hope? I used to come once a week, 2 waiters all day on Easter Sunday really! FYI Don't fix what was working in the past!My girlfriend and I have walked our dog past this place so many times, so we finally decided to try it. We found a Groupon for the place (great deal BTW), and walked the dog out. They're super dog friendly, they even brought her a little tray of water! As far as the food goes, I was pleasantly surprised! The pasta salad was delicious, and the chicken panini I had was grilled to perfection and served on bread I have only dreamt about--the stuff only kings and gods ate. Overall I'd say this is top notch food for a medium notch price. Eat, eat, eat.I've dined in, the ambience is awkward. It's like a cheesy corporate chain than a cool neighborhood spot. The waitstaff is cool(other than my server spieling about what a pain in the ass it is make our drink, basically telling us to not get another) but the food, it's bad! Very poor quality and they are super skimpy on everything. $10 salad was lettuce and that's about it! Pizza was sauce and few slices of meat, bad over cooked crust!!Since it's a great location I thought Id give another chance and got my food Togo even bigger mistake! hot sandwich and salad in one box=hot soggy salad and soggy sandwich with dressing all over it! Once again they complained because I ordered a drink that is one their menu as Nomma tea(house specialty right?) if they don't like making it then take it off your menu but I don't really care to hear about it! Overall I wish they would do something to improve the quality of their food or lower their prices to match because the surrounding restaurants are excellent so it would be nice to have a more laid inexpensive neighborhood spot. It'll be a while before I go back!Don't get delivery. Several times they've messed up my order or sent burnt pizza. Don't get me wrong, when the food is done right, it's amazing. Just wish they'd do it right the first time.We go every week and they are great! They are always friendly and courteous. The manager always stops by the table to make sure that everything is going well and the patio is aces! We LOVE it!! Each time we go they are always adding another touch to make our experience better yet. It's a pleasure to have them in our neighborhood and might I add that to anyone who is expecting post Milenium restaurant frou frou-- get over yourself. Nonna Mia is what it is: a great neighborhood iItaian restaurant and pizzeria that just happens to have half priced bottles of wine and $5.00 pitchers of beer on Monday and Tuesday.My first time at Nonna Mia's was a nice experience. This recent one was a little off compared to that. 
Negatives: At 7 pm they were out of a lot of things on the menu. I wasn't able to get 2 of my original choices for cocktails, and my portobello entree that I had wanted was also "86ed" as well. My silverware was also not properly cleaned.  Last but not least, the indoor lighting experience was reminiscent of a haunted house. The lights in the entire dining room kept flickering on and off randomly.  Sad to say, it wasn't a very intimate setting that I had hoped it to be.  I strongly recommend sitting outdoors if weather permits. 
Positives: Staff was great. Waitress was helpful and polite. The food that I did end up eating was well cooked. The cheese tortellini is quite good. 
In summary, I think the place is fine for a quick casual bite. Otherwise, I don't really find anything unique about Nonna Mia's.Got takeout here after a busy day being tourists. Just got a pepperoni pizza and a salad and it was quite good. We are from pizza heaven and are very critical of pizza especially down south where it's typically pretty terrible. This stuff hit the spot. Will have to dine in next and try the rest.My reviews are usually very short, but this one needs to be detailed. This is out of sequential order, but I think this part needs to be said before I lose your attention. The table sitting next to us called the manager over because a ROACH was crawling IN THEIR SALAD!!!!!  Yes you read that correctly, a roach was in the salad! One of the guys at the table said "oh its summer time in New Orleans, it happens" I'd like to let everyone know that I have lived in New Orleans my entire life, and I have NEVER, EVER, had a roach crawling around in food on my plate! This is NOT acceptable by any New Orleans native standards. The only thing I could imagine is that that guy was a transplant from some other town to believe this is ok.  Also, my girlfriend works at a restaurant, and at no point do they have roaches crawling on the plate! So if you are the tourist that was with this idiotic guy, I hope you don't believe what he said. This is not acceptable standards for our city. Yes we do get big ugly roaches in the summer, but that does not mean we accept them on our food. Unfortunately we had already finished our meal before this happened, otherwise we would have walked out right then and there. Just so you know-  I do plan to call the sanitation department today. 
For the rest of the meal; I should have know this was a terrible place when the customers across from us had to go find their waiter to place their order, but I figured he may have gotten distracted and stayed anyway. We ordered bread sticks; there was nothing special about them, very plain, pizza crust; they took at least 20 minutes to get them to our table, so the waitress removed them from our bill. I had the cheese tortellini, the noodles were over cooked and the sauce tasted like it came from a jar. My girlfriend had the cananoli, it wasn't fabulous but it wasn't terrible. After the meal the waitress finally brought us the check, if you haven't gather this- the service here is terrible. Our bill was $28. We gave her $40, she asked if there was a specific way we needed her to split it and we said no. She apparently thought that meant keep the change.  That is not what we meant, so I had to track her down and ask for the change. Sorry Honey- I don't tip 40%, my girlfriend is in the service industry so we do typically tip well but not 40%..... Especially at a dirty place like that.I had the Italian pizza added Camrose onions and the red pepper sauce and it was delicious!  It was a bit oily but I suspect all those meats are to blame.  The thin crust was absolutely scrumptious. Flavorful,  fresh,  and great customer service.Nonna Mia typically has decent Italian fair from lasagna to raviolis. 
I recently ordered the portobello panini. I had high hopes from reading the ingredients but it was kind of a letdown. 
First of all it wasn't even a panini as it was not pressed and had no grill marks to flatten the sandwich. 
The portobello mushrooms were sliced as if they were using them for a pizza topping. I expected whole mushroom as the menu read "beefy" portobello mushrooms. 
The lack of panini pressing kept the mozzarella partially unmelted. This would have tied in the flavors of the balsamic aioli (which was delicious) and caramelized onions. 
5 minutes under a press and the sandwich would have been a 4-5 star meal.Even being short staffed, they made my last night in Nola very memorable. Superb salads, delicious pizza and a very welcoming environment. We were forewarned that it may take a while to get our food but thankfully that wasn't the case. 
Also, many surrounding restaurants were closed (Monday after Jazz Fest) so this put extra pressure on the place. Ultimately, I couldn't have been happier. I went to Canseco's Market next door for an ice cream afterwards and walked home a happy and satiated man.Decent casual Italian food. Wait staff is always very nice. They used to have a pretty sweet deal during the weekdays: Buy an entree or two, get a free bottle of wine. Lunch is okay, but the nighttime atmosphere--candles, the gorgeous houses on Esplanade--is pretty cool, too.great outdoor hidden patio with fine service last Sunday afternoon. Ordered a pannini because we wanted something light. It was huge! Twice the size of what we expected. My meatball was delish and the mushroom my partner ordered she also enjoyed, and we shared a half with others! Bicycle and dog friendly too! All for about $12 each.This restaurant is in my neighborhood and I've been a few times. I've also had delivery from them but have found that I prefer dining in as quality seems to be better when you go to them. I love the building, porch, and outdoor seating on the patio. The servers are always pleasant. The only complaint I have would be that sometimes it takes a looooooooong time for your food to come out. Went for lunch today with a party of four, we all ordered paninis and waited for what seemed an excessively long time for sammiches. (Which really wasn't a hardship on this beautiful day.) I had ordered mine without onions and when it finally came......onions. Our server offered to take it back but my stomach was growling and I didn't want to chance another wait so I said I'd just pick them off. She graciously removed it from the bill. Large portions, solid food (I really love the calzones. And the chicken parm looks fantastic!), chill atmosphere, and in my 'hood. It's a winner.Ambiance is kind of nice with the old house feel but it can be a bit tight in the seating areas.  The service is adequate but the food is very slow in coming.  The food was nothing outstanding and there are plenty of better Italian pasta and pizza places around town doing better food.  The food isn't bad it just isn't nearly as good as most of the other pizza and pasta around town to my taste.  On my last visit I also got charged 50 cents for a tiny little cup of marinara sauce to eat with my pizza.  They do have a good drink special here on Tuesdays with $5 pitchers of beer and half off bottles of wine.  They also have a nice patio area for when its nice outside.  I would probably only come here on a Tuesday but it is crowded due to the special so plan ahead.  They might get up to three stars with some of their food but so far all my visits have been two star experiences.I went to this restaurant because I had a Groupon and quite often that is not a good thing, but I thoroughly enjoyed it.  It was a beautiful night so we choose to sit out side on the patio.  It was lovely.  We started with a salad which we shared.  It was golden beets, fresh greens, sliced red onions and Gorgonzola crumbles.  Very nice.  My date had chicken parm with angle pasta.  Sauce was fresh and dinner served piping hot.  I thought it was really good.  If I have to have one complaint, it was the personal Margherita pizza.  Had sliced Roma tomatoes and it kind of made the crust soggy towards the center. Lots of flavor though with the fresh basil. Service was great.  We will be returning.Delivery from this place is the pits and it's expensive. I get a pie from a place that's closer to me. $15.99 two topping large pie. I ordered a pie from this place and by the time I was done with a tip it cost me almost $30.00. The pizza was small, thin crust, overdone and slightly burnt, stingy on the toppings, stuck to the paper on the bottom of the box, barely cut so that when I pulled off a slice everything fell off. It sucks. I immediately ripped up the menu that a friend gave me. I'll order from Domino's before I ever consider Nonna Mia again. I'm so so so pissed!We both had the calzone and we enjoyed them.  The ambiance was nice and there was ample outdoor seating as well.  The outdoors had heaters which is a nice touch.  We ate indoors and it really looke.d nice in there.  We had a really nice bottle of wine and our waiter was very knowledgeable about the wine.Incredible new place, and such a great addition to the Mid-City/Esplanade Ridge neighborhood. The patio dining is perfect, with local music piped in from WWOZ radio and plenty of room for any size group. The food here is superb and for extremely reasonable prices. I got 2 slices of pizza, an appetizer, and the delicious Limonata ice tea (iced tea with a scoop of Brocato's lemon ice!) for under $20 and had leftovers for a midnight snack. They feature daily specials with seasonal ingredients, and if you join their email list or Facebook group you will be showered with glorious coupons like free bottles of wine with dinner or 2-for-1 meals. Can't beat that, especially when they don't have to bribe me to go there! So glad I live close by.We were here almost 6 months ago and were just discussing hitting it again the next time we visit... so thought it was finally owed a long overdue review.
Found this little gem while taking a walk after hitting City Park and boy was it good. Nice atmosphere with outdoor seating, the food was great and the service from our sever Christine was top notch - the fact that my wife and I recall her name 6 months later says quite a lot - we hope to see her when we're back in October.
My favorite part was when I wanted something alcoholic, but sweet she did some magic with the House Ginger Mint Lemonade which I think involved rum and it was heavenly... I desperately wish I'd kept notes on the ingredients to make it at home, guess I have no choice but to go back and pray she can recreate it for me again.great atmosphere! awesome service! when the weather is right,patio seating is a must and a treat! beet salad has large portion of greens and very yummy...my friend ordered a mojito that was not great, sent it back and the waitress was nice enough to remove it from the tab! will visit againKickass mushroom ravioli in a sweet and savory marsala sauce. Super-efficient and friendly service. I'll go out of my way to visit this place again.Came here for lunch and ordered a calzone. It was huge and extremely cheesy. It tasted great, but I got a few bites that seemed like the dough wasn't cooked completely. Other than that, no complaints. Just make sure you order extra marinara because they don't give a lot.Spinach salad & spicy shrimp pizza!  I've been here before, but it had been some years. I purchased a groupon & went on a Sunday night about 8 pm. Not crowded. I sat outside in the courtyard which is lovely. Nice breeze & they have lots of seating and fans outside to make it even more comfortable. The food was amazing. You get a lot for your money & it's good! Had a couple glasses of wine too. Service was excellent. Attentive and helpful. No complaints. I'll be back again soon.Great Atmosphere Good Italian Food 
Wife and I visited here. We shared and order of beet salad, lasagna and egg plant parmesan. Seating outside is very New Orleans with surrounding trees and umbrella tables. The food was a good 4 stars and the atmosphere 5 plus. The staff are all friendly and prompt.This cafe was one of the best meals I had in New Orleans.  Yes, pizza!  It was so hot and fresh and the crust had that wonderful yeasty aroma with just the right amount of crunch in the crust.  I'm drooling just thinking about it. And the ginger mint lemonade...with a scoop of Italian lemon ice...omg.  It was a simple meal, but it was perfect.  I'm so sad I didn't make it back here before going back to NY.  Nonna Mia will be one of the first places I visit upon my return to NOLA.Just want to go on record and confess that I originally wrote these guys a mediocre review. That was mainly because I ordered delivery from them, which they still suck at, but if you can get off your f#$ butt and take the party to them, then let me tell you, these guys deserve some freakin r,e,s,p, e, c, t. Sock it to me. 
Unsung heros of me weeeeee lil hood, these guys make a real effort to deliver a great restaurant. It is just a basic Italian American pizza joint. I mean don't expect the seven hills of Rome, but their "Italian"  with pepperoni, ham, Italian sausage, prosciutto, pancetta, red onions and mozzarella cheese with tomato sauce? Dulce mamma de dio (sweet mother of God!)
The barman is totally not settling for his station in life, determined to make his lil neighborhood pizza joint side bar into some kinda swank Manhattan cocktail bar through his own sheer stubbornness and insistence on the best he can swizzle into your cups. Bless him because I noticed, dude. I appreciated that along with the half off wine on Mondays and Tuesdays. These guys used to give away bottle for free to Yelpers as well. They offer $5 beer pitchers. They are generally just hellbent on making you happy. 
Thanks for being in our neighborhood!Nonna Mis is superb! True Sicilian food! The ambiance, service, and food quality all deserve 5 stars each. Great little place for a date night! Plus, Mondays and Tuesdays 50% off a bottle of wine and $5 pitchers of beer! How awesome!Pretty courtyard.
Good service.
Reasonable prices.
Yummy pizza!
Visit on Monday and Tuesday nights for 1/2 price bottles of wine.I live in the neighborhood, and I have loved this place. My last two experiences have not been good.  The eggplant parmigian is my favorite. I get it often.  While dinning in, I was served  a dish that was clearly a mess up that was re cooked. The cheese on top looked lovely, but underneath it was burnt and cooked away.  The eggplant was just mush. My check was comped and the server was very nice. I never saw a manager. I didn't go back for over a month. 
Last night I decided to give them another try. I called in an order for take out.  When I got home, the eggplant was so under cooked,  I couldn't eat it. 
The staff has always been great. The place is lovely.  The recipes when made correctly are delicious.Oh Nonna Mia, I want to like you so much. I really do. Your food is delicious and my girlfriend loves your delicious breadsticks with alfredo sauce. In the past, every time I've been to this place it has been excellent. But my recent experience was so horrible I can not resist but share with you my frustration. Because I loved this place so much, when my sister and her husband were in town, I decided to bring them here (Huge mistake.) When we arrived the server told us we would have a 15 minute wait for the kitchen to be able serve food due to the HUGE amount of people visiting the establishment on this particular day. In their defense I have never seen so many people at Nonna Mia at once. However their management of expectations with the customers was an utter fail here. About a half-hour in to our fifteen minute wait, finally someone asked us if we would like to order drinks. Apparently a sprite is a difficult drink to prepare, as we spend the next quarter-hour waiting for that sprite. After our forty-five minutes of waiting they finally brought us our drinks and our waiter walked off dismissively. I decided to leave money for the drinks on the table and just go elsewhere. A forty-five minute wait before even ORDERING is pretty unacceptable. If the server had informed us of an hour wait I would have understood, but this was not communicated.
Nonna Mia, your food is amazingly delicious.. and I appreciate that you are serving up a check-in offer on Yelp for a free bottle of wine, but you've got to get your servers trained to prepare for high volumes of traffic or customers will continue to get frustrated and just leave prematurely. I hope I left the right amount of money for our drinks, we weren't really sure since we could not track down a server.
Just to be clear I'm not picking on the servers. I think there is something wrong here that goes beyond the server hires. I think you need to learn to train servers of when there is going to be a wait. People are going to be more willing to wait if they know it is coming. This is all about managing expectations, not promising the impossible.
All that being said, if you go to Nonna Mia on a day that isn't so busy, the food is effing AMAZING. I had the eggplant parmesan the last time I came here and I loved it. My girlfriend (who does not like egglant) even thought it was rather tasty, which I think is saying a lot. Your food is amazing. Please, for the love of god, get your service issues sorted out so I can give you five stars!Much better for dine- in as opposed to delivery. I'm glad I gave this restaurant a second try.Where do I begin? As a mid city resident, I like to support my local businesses and I have tried oh so hard to support nonna mia. Alas, they fail me every time. Here are a few stories:
One time, my friend and I chose to eat at the bar and we wanted to order a yummy special pear salad, from the specials board, but they were out so we got a strawberry spinach salda/thing. When they came out of the kitchen they sat in the kitchen window for about 20 minutes while we stared at them. Finally the 3 different waiters got confused enough to ask whose salads they were and we perked up. They weren't even that good. 
Another time, the paninis were akin to a child's grilled cheese. When before, they could last for two meals and had tasty bread. 
Tonight, our delivered calzones were cold as were the marinara side sauces. Also, our salad dressings were gross. My caesar salad dressing was super thick and nasty and my friend's balsamic vinaigrette was just vinegar. There goes, $40 on one half assed meal. Never again, unless I am super desperate or left stranded there.I'm on the fence about 2 stars ... In reality I would feel better about a 2.5 but that is not an option so 2 it is.
I just can't with these guys. The only reason I keep going back is because of Groupon. Which brings me to my first topic. EVERYTIME I try to use it there is a problem. "It can't be used on dine in orders." "Only one per table." (I wasn't with someone I split the check with) "You have to spend over the Groupon amount because we can't owe you any money back." If you don't want to participate in Groupon then stop offering them. Yes I did say that to them by the way. The guy said they don't know how to stop the offer. Any who, besides the struggle with that the food is just mediocre. Nothing at all special. I've had more than 5 but less than 10 different entrees and each time was meh. At least they are consistent though. oh, that ginger lemonade drink thing is a hit!Stopped in the other day to relax with a glass of white and have a quiet lunch. It was just what I was looking for! The place was clean, and I was able to find myself a quiet spot in the corner to work. I had the manicotti formaggio wich was nice, a touch on the bland side, but nothing a little extra red pepper couldn't fix. 
The wine list is decent, a little limited but I got a glass I enjoyed. My server was sweet as was her trainee. I'll probably be taking the mister with next time!I've been to Nonna Mia a couple of times as I live down the street from it.  This place has a very nice casual atmosphere.  The outside seating is the best.  The last time I was there I had the minstrone soup and chicken parmesian and I was stuffed with leftovers.  The soup alone was enough for me.  Both were quite tasty.  My husband had one of the calzones and I actually enjoyed his meal more than my own.  This is a great place to go at night.  On the weekends, they are a little busier the later it gets so you may have to wait a while.  I would reccomend this place.The food is delicious. Perfect date night spot or for a group dinner. The outdoor patio is amazing. The new owner has done a great job!Love the Panini!
I ordered the Portobello Panini and was not disappointed! The service is extremely fast and great tasting at the same time. Definitely my new favorite spot for a nice Italian panini!!I couldn't tell you how the food was because the staff was so short and uninterested in serving us that we left immediately. There was no one to be found at the door so I had to go find an employee. When I found her, she was at the bar doodling and didn't even get up.Randomly stopped by for lunch yesterday and I'm in love. Ever since 2005, my best friend and I have been searching for an eggplant sandwich to fill the void of Fresco's eggplant sandwich (which went WAY downhill but used to be the best thing ever). 
We stopped at Nonna Mia and each ordered the eggplant panini - it came with either a pasta or side salad. It was HUGE - we definitely could have split it. The bread was an absolute revelation - soft and buttery and crispy in the right places. The cheese was divine - melty and gooey (I had goat, she had feta). And the eggplant wasn't tough - it was soft and flavorful. The kalamata olives were perfect and not too overpowering. 
It was a very exciting discovery for us since we frequently bemoan the downfall of Fresco's  - this place will definitely be in our regular rotation. 
I also ordered the iced tea with lemon ice - the lemon ice flavored the tea in ways that a lemon slice can't. The waitress told me that you could also get raspberry or mango ice but that it wasn't listed on the menu - I may do that next time. 
With two eggplant sandwiches, a spinach salad with chicken, an iced tea with lemon ice and a diet coke, the total (with tip) was around $40 - not too shabby for a Saturday lunch!Nonna Mia let's see??? This was a great idea for outside dinning. The Hubby and I ate there later in the evening so it was the perfect (Dark, good lightning, great weather) scenery outside. We ordered the Pizza, Pasta Salad and a Calzone...Let's just say the Pizza was pretty to look at, but you will eat it if your hungry and the Pasta Salad was saved so that I can bring it home and add some flavor to it. The Calzone (Prima) was the only food that had any taste to it. If I were to come back it would be for the pleasant scenery, Drinks and maybe a Calzone.I went with a girlfriend since she frequents Mid City. We had both never been here before but thought we would try it out for lunch yesterday, we both brought our children. We walked in and the place was pretty empty at almost 1:00 we sat inside and the waitress took our order she never told us about the specials. we got salads, the ginger mint lemonade and pastas and shared them with our children. As  a few people walked in they kept sitting them in the other room away from us.  Did we offend someone by bringing our kids? They weren't being bad at all. It was odd. The lady never refilled our drinks. I got the create your own pasta and did angel hair, pesto and shrimp. They charge you $4 to add shrimp and there were only 4 of them in my pasta. $1 a shrimp is way too much to pay. Everything we ate needed salt and was bland. The lemonade was the only good thing they had and i found the recipe online so there is no need to go back. I would rather go to Theo's or Reginelli's they have better service and food and they seems to like kids more.Never a disappointment! Their grilled eggplant panini is to die for as is their pizza. I love the fact that they make their own bread. The porch tables are the best during cooler weather and the service is always impeccable. I really like this place!  The food is good, especially and the sandwiches!  I love the patio.We ordered the large Italian pizza - - a bit small for a "large" at $19 (it's a medium sized pizza with 8 smaller slices). The toppings, crust, and sauce tasted fresh and were very good.  Nice ambiance, nice outdoor seating area.I ordered delivery a few nights ago, the spaghetti & meatballs were amazing. However, when I ordered delivery again tonight, there were no straws for our drinks and the caesar salad came with no dressing.The italian pizza with ham, pepperoni and housemade sausage is one of the best in town. The caesar salad and salmon not so much. Overall I enjoyed a very good lunch.Food is good but sometimes can be a pain and slow. We went there in the afternoon and apparently they were switching servers so we waited twenty minutes for a server to notice us. I even waved another server and I said hey are you our server and he just said no I'm not in a rude attitude. Dude I'm a server myself and if the rotating server is not here yet take the damn order and just transfer it to the incoming server easy peasy. So I based this review with the food and atmosphere.  We had lobster ravioli with vodka sauce, caprese salad and lasagna and all dishes were awesome and we sat outside which was nice. We will definitely be back again for the food and hopefully the service will be better this time.The food and atmosphere were great but the service was extremely slow. I would recommend this place in a night day because the setting was great. I wasn't as impressed with the interior space as I was the exteriorLooked at Yelp reviews, saw some good ones, saw the nice courtyard, pretty night let's give it shot.  
Our waitress C, came right over, brought water took our drink orders and brought the drinks, then took our order and never saw her again for no kidding an hour.  My wife and daughter went to the bathroom and saw her inside and asked for drink refills and how much longer.  10 or so minutes later our drinks appear and she says "food should be out in a few minutes".  She only had our table outside and everyone out there got their food from other servers.  So I went inside and again she was right there but saw me coming and grabbed the manager right away and said "he can help you"  Huh?  Something was up.  He said Sorry we got slammed all at once your food should be out in 15 minutes or so, want some wine?  Pitcher of Beer.  No just our dinner.  About 10 minutes later out comes the food minus my daughters Alfredo and by this time after 1 1/2 hours of waiting even the best pizza and pasta would only taste fair.   And it was.  Just fair.  10 minutes later out comes the Alfredo.  C says "sorry, the manager said desserts on him" and off she goes, about 20 or so minutes later she comes out and I ask her for a dessert menu, "well we have..." We order and my daughters spumoni comes out, but my cheese cake and my wife's Tiramisu is a no show.  "it's gonna be a few minutes, the kitchen is very busy".  Can't you just cut and serve cheese cake and Tiramisu?  Oh well,  not a good experience.Standard italian food with a national chain kinda feel.  It is good though.  i have been there a few time and gotten spaghetti which was fine.  i recently got pizza delivered and it was really good.  i personally will stick to their pizza but the rest of their food is definitely good but not terribly exciting.  no complainsMy wife and I have been to Nonna Mia three times.  The first time, we sat on the porch next to a couple with a very loud, very unhappy toddler.  The second time, we sat on the ground-level patio and shivered as another table hogged the heater.  The third time, we were back on porch on a warm spring night with no toddlers in sight.  The food was delicious--she had lobster ravioli and I had a paradiso pizza, the wine was fine, and our server was friendly and attentive (that's been the case every time, even when we had to contend with noise and weather).  As I looked around, it seemed to me that the all of the servers who were working outside were hustling to take care of their tables, so maybe the concerns about the problems with service got back to management.  Eating outside at Nonna Mia is a wonderful way to pass a fine spring evening.I order from Nonna Mia pretty often and the food is consistently tasty. The panini are all pretty big and I usually end up eating the second half for lunch. Delivery takes a while and has sometimes shown up on the cold side, but that's rare. We've also picked up and ordered in and the service has always been great. Once the bartender walked me and my takeout to my car when it was pouring rain and I didn't have an umbrella and that cemented Nonna Mia in my heart.Perfect for date night out with your significant other! My boyfriend and I always eat outdoors, it's very picturesque.I come here every time I'm in town and the food is amazing!!!! The authentic Italian food makes me feel like I'm back in Italy.Ate here for the third time today & downloaded Yelp! to leave this, my first review. The first time I dined in the courtyard with my children on a Saturday morning earlier this Spring. We loved everything about that day, which led to my subsequent cravings for the chicken panini with a side pasta salad. I have ordered this delicious meal to-go in the past and it was still just as delicious when reheated. Today, I arrived shortly after 11 am; the kitchen was just opening. This time, I chose a table inside by the window. The ambiance is very "homey:" the decor feels a bit strewn together (artwork was confusingly in-cohesive), but certainly unpretentious, informal and cozy.  
My taste buds watered thinking about that perfect balance of crunchy and soft, moist and dry in which I thought I was about to take pleasure. However, I am still sadly disappointed 4 hours later. I write this with half a "panini" and full plate of pasta salad in my refrigerator. The bread is over cooked, with inedible edges. Whatever dressing is normally used for moisture is either absent or undetectable. I'm not sure if the kitchen wasn't ready, but I would have gladly waited for quality. I live very close by, and was thinking about trying out their Happy Hour some time, but I think I'll pass.may actually prefer olive garden over this. food was mediocre. Ordered bruschetta- not impressed. Chicken parm had a small too thick breast. unless i lived in the neighborhood and wanted a place within walking distance, probably will not return.I wish this were a five star review, because Nonna Mia has such a great courtyard and is a wonderful little neighborhood place. Back when they first opened, I think they would've been a five star review, but it's not the same anymore. The food is okay, the courtyard is still great, but the service is wayyy too slow (whether or not they're busy) to warrant a rave review. I still like this place and will definitely be back, but for now, it is what it is.This place has been so good every time I go. Never a compliant when I eat here. I love the atmosphere on the patio, dining al fresco is my favorite especially when the weather is like it was last night. The small salads are enormous, I have tried everyone, and they are all fantastic. I had the Italian last night, so light, no heavy dressings toasted pine nuts, perfect! I have had sandwiches at lunch time, they are huge and of course so very tasty. The pizza is my favorite, the margherita is great, the Tuscan with the pancetta is even better! The crust is what makes it, not to thick or thin, olive oily on the part that has nothing on it, so it's like bread with dipping oil. Oh man, I'm so glad I have leftovers for lunch today! I've tasted the meatballs and spaghetti, a very good choice for a picky eater like my little boy is. The wine selection is pretty good for this little neighborhood joint, and I've never had a server who seemed pissed off or annoyed with their job. I keep going back even though it's on the other side of the city from me.This place has a great list of pizzas! After getting back from Italy, this restaurant took us back there with their selection of Italian beer, wine, and other dishes. 
Great place in an old house with a shady courtyard for outdoor seating on nicer days.Awesome, quiet and lovely little place for good food and very comfortable dining.  The wait and kitchen staff were very accommodating to the tastes of my teenagers.  The food was delicious and the portions well sized -  all left stuffed full and glad for the walk back to our house.  Not a touristy trap feel at all- very local and perfect for my family.  I definitely will keep them in my list of restaurants to visit when in the city !! -  btw - I didn't have my furry kids this trip, but good to know the outside patio is pet friendly.Definitely one of my favorite Italian spots. The owner Leah is there everyday checking on you, and being part of the staff. The lit up patio outside has such an amazing vibe to it; it's romantic but casual. Definitely a great spot to dine with friends or for date night. They have half off bottles of wine on Mondays I do believe. On top of the fact it's not far from city park! I'll definitely be returning!Awesome food,drinks, and service is great. If we r ever in Nola again. We stop by here for dinner.I had lunch at Nonna Mia on Thursday because the restaurant was participating in Dine Out for Life (plus one star for supporting a good cause!). The restaurant is absolutely adorable on the outside. There is a wrap-around porch with outdoor seating that is decorated with dangling fleur de lis. The restaurant also seems to be dog friendly, because I noticed a dog dining tableside on the porch as we left (plus another star!). If you're looking to enjoy a beautiful day with a good meal outdoors, Nonna Mia is a good choice.
The food was tasty and the portion sizes are huge. Everything ordered by our group--an Italian Panini, Prima Panini, pizza, and calzone--was more than enough food for one meal.  Everyone took a to-go box home with at least half of their lunch inside. The menu was overall reasonably priced. If you order a sandwich or panini, you have a choice of side--a green salad or pasta salad--I recommend the pasta salad. The pasta salad was so yummy.
We had an early lunch, around 11:30am, and the restaurant was empty when we arrived. We were seated right away and the service was good. By the time we left, around 12:30pm, the restaurant had filled up nicely, but wasn't too crowded.
Depending on who you go with, you might want to avoid sitting in "the boob room". We sat in the side room of the restaurant where the walls are decorated with large black and white photographs of Hollywood legends like Sophia Loren. The women in these photographs are pretty scantily clad, which will have you staring at boobs throughout your entire meal. Like I said, depending on who you're dining with, that might be a huge turn on or a huge turn off. 
All in all, I give Nonna Mia 3.5 stars. I'm becoming a tough critic and I just don't feel like 4 stars are warranted. Like the 3 stars stand for--it was "A-OK".I have eaten at this restaurant probably 10-15 times over the last 6 months since I moved into their neighborhood. The 1st time the pizza was unexceptional and the service was worse. We tried it again as it is so close to our house. This time we learned we could "work" with the pizza (different dough and sauces) and it was quite good- but the service was still less than good. Through the majority of our meals there the food has been quite good, but the service quite lacking: waiters go missing for long periods of time, etc. Sometimes service was just Ok at best. But on our last (and final) visit there things really fell apart. This particular evening, the restaurant was not busy. When we sat down we ordered 3 glasses of wine and 1 cocktail. After an abnormally long wait the 3 wines were brought out and we were told they were "working" on the cocktail. The cocktail did eventually come out and wasn't very good.  We ordered and a few minutes later the waitress came out and told us that 1 of the dishes was sold out so we ordered something else. When the food came out they got one of the orders wrong. They offered to get the right entree, but of course by then everyone else would have been finished eating. We were not offered the meal gratis as it was there mistake. The Pizza Margherita looked just a mess and tasted just like the pizza on our first visit.When we got the bill it still had the "sold out" entree. The 1-Star rating is because of the service, not the food. It  is obvious they do absolutely no training of their wait staff. If their staff was just low-end "OK" I would rate them 3 stars.Took a while to get food but was worth the wait. Awesome outdoor seating on the patio and the food was terrific.Great patio area-- good food too! I've eaten the lasagna and some of their pizzas and soups and never been disappointed. Service has always been a delight here.Have only had take out from this restaurant next time may try dining in. My roommate and I picked this joint because it's near our house and decided to walk over after we ordered online using Yelp. Besides the fact that they were having issue with their system and we had to wait once we arrived for our food my experience overall was "good." Since we had to wait for our pizza we ordered a beer at the bar to enjoy while we waited. The prices here are very reasonably and I recommend if you are in the area and in the mood for some pizza.The absolute worst place to go. We had reservations through Open Table for 7:45pm and arrived right on time. No one to check on seating even 5 mins after we entered. When we finally got hold of a server, she said they don't work with Opentable any more so we have to wait 45 mins for a table. Her tone was totally unwelcoming and clearly she did not want to seat us at all. She did not put out names down. She went over to the bar and started ringing up someone else. My wife followed her and waited for another 5 mins while the lady steadfastly ignored her. Then she started to walk away when my wife asked her if she put our names down for a table. This lady had the audacity to ask my wife if we were being helped by anyone! My wife told her to put down our names for the table. Then this lady actually checked her watch and put down our name and a time to give us our table - 8:45! Now why would someone already put down a time to give you a table I wonder. We made other reservations and left the place immediately. Will be putting up reviews on other websites too. People need to know to avoid this place! Would rate it as 0 stars if I could.Umm, they swindled us into buying bread sticks when we assumed it was complimentary. The food was great otherwise.What a nice place to eat. My wife and I had dinner here on a Tuesday night. It was easy to find street parking at no cost. They offered half off bottles of wine. Our appetizers came out hot and fresh as did the entrees. I wasn't a fan of the shrimp Ceaser salad, but that was due to my personal preference. My wife enjoyed their Veal Parm. We will certainly be back.I went to this pizzeria last week with my boyfriend, and it was relly a nice moment. The food is good, I've had better pizzas but it was still really good. The waitress was uncredibely nice and helpful and the place looks cute.
Defintely a nice spot in this part of the city !Went to Nonna Mia for dinner last night with the boyfriend.  We both love going here and have yet to have a bad experience, last night was no exception.  We always get the breadstick appetizer, which they have just changed to serving in cute little cones and you get all 3 dipping sauces instead of a choice of one.  I had a pizza, nom nom, with fresh tomatoes, procuitto, mozzarella, and fresh greens.  Very light, very yummy.  The boy had a chicken sandwich with a side salad.  The sandwich was huge and the salad was fresh.  We ended up taking half home.  We sat outside, even though it was hot.  They had fans circulating air so it was pleasant.  The service was very friendly though a bit slow at the end as some even had ended in city park and they got slammed.  I'm not taking any points away because our server kept his cool, and friendly attitude and apologized for any wait we had.  Not being in a hurry, it wasn't a problem. 
A great spot in Mid-City for a fresh pizza, sandwich, or pasta.  Plus Monday and Tuesday brings $5 pitchers with your meal, and not cheap beer but Abita or Peroni.  Cheers!Service was slow, salad wilted, too much pasta sauce and there is a ton of garlic in everything. Nonna Mia has a nice patio area but the inside seating lacks ambience and authenticity. If you are looking for a cheap neighborhood place then head here, but don't expect to receive your food very fast or enjoy good Italian cuisine.Walked right into the dinning area right when you walk through the front door. It was pretty awkward. The restaurant is an old house so the layout is not entirely ideal,  although I do like the old house feeling. Luckily the restaurant wasn't packed when I went otherwise it would have been tight. 
The waitress was friendly but slow. She would leave us for too long when we needed to order or get the check. She was great at dealing with my boyfriends order since he changed up his dish. So that was a plus. 
The food was good, not great I order the chicken fettuccine alfredo. The dish came with a too much sauce. I wish the cook would have toned down on the sauce on mine. My boyfriend got the chicken parm with fettuccine alfredo (his came with less sauce resulting in a better taste). He said he chicken was decent and the pasta was great! 
I don't know if I would come here again, but if I did I would make sure to have less sauce on my pasta or try a different dish.My husband and I stumbled upon Nonna Mia and were so glad that we did.  Great food, awesome atmosphere and exceptional service. We will definitely take the trip to the south shore to visit again and again.Love Mondays and Tuesdays here. Santa Fe was closed so we decided to give this place a whirl. 
Half off bottles on Mon-Tue. Now your talkin my language, now your talkin my language. 
Perfect setup to sit outside and meet some friends- or sit and talk to your dog.   
The mussels were fab. I love and live for them. One of my faves now.  I will have to try the pasta next sitting.The last two times I've been we had great pizza and decent pasta fare. The paninis are creative and tasty--love the prima with artichoke hearts and goat cheese.  I also really like the side salads--mixed greens with pine nuts and balsamic--pretty good for a side.
I've never been inside, but that is because the outdoor space is amazing.  It is shady, has great views of Esplanade for people watching and is beautifully lit at night.  It's a great casual neighborhood restaurant overall.Good food! I love the beet salad and chicken para. Great for fast delivery and friendly service. It had good presentation and I would have photographed it but I ate it all.Always pretty good. Paninis are great. Service is good. Fun spot and dog friendly. We go here often and love it.i really want to love this place..ive been there numerous times.its walking distance from my house..but time and time again i get lousy treatment. I REALLY LOVE THERE PIZZA !  so ill be back hoping i get a better waiter are treatment.Food was pretty good, average fare I usually like to eat more adventurously- BUT our waitress Christine  was super sweet and really made our visit!Overall the place is a decent value. 
The setting is gorgeous...I love that they kept the seemingly 100+ building's original character and added a beautiful, well-lit courtyard to eat in when the weather's pleasant. 
The food was just OK and overpriced for what you got. It's tough to find red sauce Italian in this town so I think they take advantage of that. They have your basic manicotti, eggplant/chicken parmesan, etc. etc. and it was all pretty tasty but nothing to rave about. They give you a huge pile of pasta and a relatively small portion of the actual thing you ordered, be it eggplant or chicken parm. The red sauce was pretty sweet....I don't know if they were trying to make a Sicilian-style sauce but even for Sicily there was too much sugar. 
I was stoked to find a cannoli on the menu so I got that for dessert. This was very disappointing. There was so much orange essence that you couldn't taste the cheese which was sadly indistinguishable. Was it marscapone? It wasn't ricotta... And where were the candied orange bits? And why did I have to eat my cannoli with a knife and fork? Just gimme a small square of wax paper and I'll gladly tear into it with my face. 
To end on a high note, the service was excellent and our waiter was very attentive and friendly. Kudos to him.Nonna Mia is my new favorite outdoor place to eat!  There is plenty of  outdoor seating and is ideal on a day when the weather is nice.  Our waitress was very friendly and not awkward.  I know that may be a weird thing to say but I hate when waitstaff is unsure of themselves as it makes me unsure of the restaurant.  My boyfriend and I were probably one of three tables seated in the entire restaurant but our lunch probably took close to an hour and a half. We weren't in a rush so it wasn't an issue but I would be hesitant to go on a busy day.  
As far as an Italian restaurant, it's a little generic and the effort seems forced.  Now, to what's important: the food.  It was just okay.  We shared the pasta salad.  It was bland and the only thing that gave it any flavor was the parmigiana on top and i think it was made with mayonnaise? Just not what comes to mind when I think of Italian pasta salad.  The portion was huge! My boyfriend and I shared it and had some leftover.  I had the prima pizza.  Again, just okay. Nothing special.  We ended the meal with coffee that neither of us enjoyed.  Coffee is an important part of an Italian meal! It was weak and after adding sugar and cream,  I could no longer taste the coffee's flavor.
The atmosphere and location is definitely what makes this restaurant!  I may return for a bottle of wine and appetizers just to enjoy outdoor dining on Esplanade!Pizza is good here. The vibe here is chill and easy going but nice if you are hanging with friends or going on a date.  Haven't tried anything other than pizza.  I go back often even when I forget all about them.pizzas are good- if you eat them there. don't bother getting it delivered- it comes to your place an hour later- cold. and i live 5 blocks away. if it wasn't raining that day, i wouldn't have been lazy and gotten it myself. but like everything else, lesson learned and i won't be doing that again. it would be worth getting wet for a chance to eat that portobello mushroom pizza hot. 
i thought the pizza was the overpriced but the flavors were all there. they were light on their sauce though. it would have helped how dry my mouth felt after eating a slice of their pie. i drain my bottle of water in one gulp.
yet somehow, the next week, i was actually craving the pizza. so i asked a friend to go with me. this time we dined in. 
service was decent. girl was very nice and knowledgeable about the restaurant and the menu. she left us alone to eat and only checked in on us when necessary. that gave my friend and i a chance to really talk and critique the place. 
loved the ambiance: your friend's living room feel. they seemed to have a fake fireplace in every room. i love all that architectural stuff. but overall, the place was a disappointment.
if i was really at my friend's place, i wouldn't have paid $20 for a pizza with very sparse 3 toppings. frankly, i've had better pizzas from katie's or theo's or slice's. you know which toppings you got and you're not eating bites of just cheese and dough. but their service was better than any i've had at katie's, theo's or slice's.We enjoyed our lunch in the beautiful courtyard. Bonus was $5 PITCHERS! of Abita Amber. Shared a regular size caesar salad (plenty for 2) and ordered a stromboli and speciality pizza. Had planned on a panini but unfortunately the dough wasn't ready when we arrived. Everything was fresh, pizza dough was light/chewy and crisp all at the same time. Our server was attentive and helpful as well.Delivery fee that isn't advertised on their website + the wrong toppings on my pizza + some pretty bland flavor overall = not a good pizza pie.  
boo,  I live right down the street and won't be back unless it's the only option left.Awesome food! The meatballs are homemade and the size of my fist. Service is great too. Definitely gonna come backThis business was sold and I think maybe things have changed?? I ordered my usual rustic Tuscan pizza and it had a thick chewy crust and too much cheese, not my kind of pizza and not the kind of pizza I have ordered in the past from Nonna Mia. Note to new owners : don't change anything, and if it was an error, pay attention to quality control.Nonna Mia is one of my favorite places to go for a late lunch on the weekend.  When the weather is nice it's great to sit outside have wine and eat a leisurely lunch.  The marinated olive appetizer is my favorite and their pizzas are pretty delicious.  
If they are busy you could end up waiting a while for your food.  I'm pretty sure their kitchen is too small for the amount of tables they have so waiting for food can sometimes take a while.  Don't come here if you are on a tight schedule.The food is absolutely awful.  This has been verified by me not once, but twice.
I would write a more detailed review, but that would involve my not having to run to the bathroom every ten seconds as a consequence of yesterday's "meal" at Nomma Mia.yumi yumi...delicious caprese panini, and pasta made to order (alfredo, chicken, fresh basil) was yum, but found it strange it didnt come with any sort of bread on the side. service was fine.Atmosphere:
The inside is super air conditioned, and the decor is rustic chic. I would't mind my home looking like that.
The bar is small and simple. Most folks don't hang there.
The patio is beautiful and tranquil. They have shade trees and fans. There's also a lot of space between tables (which I REALLY appreciate). The flies and birds can sometimes be a nuisance, but I can usually ward them off by keeping a small plate with a piece of bread on an empty chair. The go for it instead of my own food. I can't fault the restaurant for it because, after all, it's New Orleans.
Service:
Most of the time, the service here is really good. As with any place, sometimes a server may forget something, but they correct it right away. I've run into the occasional d-bag server, but I usually don't see them again--so management must be on top of things like that.
Pros:
-The food is pretty yummy
-Never had to wait for a table
-Parking is easy (on most days)
-Good service
-They make most things from scratch
-It's actually Italian food in most cases
-They usually have a groupon
-Bottles of wine are half off on Tuesday
-House wines are still pretty ok
-Knowledgable servers
Cons:
-Birds and flies on the patio
-Slightly overpriced 
-Water tastes like tap water (and I always have to ask for ice)
-the bread for the bread, oil, and balsamic situation needs some help
All in all, this is place where I have been able to hang for personal and business meeting. The drinks are good, and the food is better. And the service has been even better than both. I hope they keep it up!Came across Nonna Mia by accident last evening and we were very glad we did.  Great food at a reasonable price.  Would highly recommend it to anyone.  Sonny, our waiter was helpful, and accommodating.Great location. Great ambiance. Very good food. 
One of the best things here is the Italian ice / iced tea combo.I ordered the Margherita pizza last night for delivery. First off the lady on the phone taking my order was rude and would not enunciate correctly so that I could understand her. Second, the nice delivery man had to call and ask me my address because obliviously the woman who took my order got this wrong as well. Third the delivery man was very pleasant and to offered up a "enjoy" with a look of hoping on his face. Fourth, the pizza was HORRIBLE!! It literally had eight round circles of cheese that were maybe as big around as a silver dollar, 12 tomatoes that were sliced so thin that you could see through them, a tsp of sliced basil, OPEN pizza dough throughout the pizza void of anything! And undercooked! All this for $18 plus tip! This was my first experience with them and definitely my last!I had such high hopes but am leaving woefully disappointed. We ordered at the same time that we ordered our drinks but an hour later, we were still waiting on our salads.  When we queried the waitress she fessed up to giving our salads to another table. We ordered a large pizza but when our pizza came and it was a small instead of a rage, our waitress' response is that she heard is say "small". Other than the $5 pitchers of beer, there wasn't much redeeming about the food or our experience here.  With this being our last night in NOLA we were hoping to have a nice meal but we are leaving sorely disappointed.Nonna Mia is one of my new favorite spots in Mid City. Their amazing courtyard and half price bottles of wine on Mon & Tues nights make for a great start to the week! Great ambiance, great food, and a decent wine selection. You should go.Good, solid, basic Italian home cooking.  Well -made.  Salads are fresh.  Open-air patio and porch seating along one of the prettiest streets in New Orleans.  Easy access to French Quarter, but is outside the sphere of where tourists usually go.  One of my personal favorite spots in New Orleans.  Within walking distance of the Fairgrounds and New Orleans Museum of Art and City Park.Fantastic food and service! Stumbled upon this place and SO GLAD WE DID! The picture says it all :) A must go!the pizza is good, but has the potential to be great. too often it's under cooked. I've mentioned it when ordering & that does help sometimes. the roasted beet salad is very good. the outdoor patio area is lovely.I have been back to nona mia a few times since my last review and wanted to say they have improved so much. I was there this weekend with a friend and we split the pizza with prociutto, goat cheese and sun dried tomatoes along with the spinace salad. It was delicious, and the service was fabulous! I also got this ginger mint lemonaid with a scoop of lemon ice in the glass. I left a happy and full camper. SO glad nona mia has improved, I will surely be back againOn Sunday June 11 I ate dinner here  at about 5 pm and was an emergency admit to Touro Infirmary at about 8PM with food poisoning. I spent 2 nights as an inpatient and was given 4mgs of morphine every 2 hours to control the pain. 
After hospital release on Tuesday morning I spoke to the kitchen manager and then the assistant manager , and each gave me flippant responses as if neither cared about my discomfort .That afternoon the restaurant manager called me. After apology for my experience ,  he offered me a complimentary meal as an expression of friendship. 
Obviously I declined and will not suggest anyone eat here.
The Board of Health inspected the restaurant on Wednesday and reported to me that the kitchen passed inspection , but that was more than 24 hours after the report and gave the restaurant ample time to correct any problems.
I have no proof that the food was defective and gave me the food poison , but the timing is significant.
JerryJthank you for delivering a surprise birthday pizza and tiramisu to my baby brother who lives on the edge of the treme on the corner of "scary street" and "bring yo glock avenue".  you guys are awesome, and he didn't have to hit up taco bell on his birthday.  awesome customer service!  
5 stars!!Who is giving this place 4 or more stars? The food is OK and the service is THE WORST! It's a shame because it's a cool place with a nice patio. The hour late pizza was burnt and they forgot about our appetizer. We had to go find our waitress 3 times. It appears the kitchen is undersized to handle the guests. Maybe, I don't know what their problem is but never again.Went there for take-out and got two Roasted Beet Salads. The salad was $10.25 and we added chicken breast. However, once we got it home, we discovered the salads had a few walnuts on them, not pecans, three thin slices of chicken breast ($5 for the addition), roughly a cup of spinach, and about three, yes, three, gorgonzola crumbles! So, $30.50 before taxes for a couple of sad salads! First and last time at Nonna Mia Cafe for me.Good spot for salad, pasta and pizza. Attentive table service. The family size salad can feed 6 people. The dressing is very light and could use a bit more pizzazz, but tons of fresh greenleaf, Roma tomatoes, and toasted pine nuts make it a good choice. The beet salad is to die for- really excellent!
Pastas were good, pretty traditional choices with decent portions. The pizza is the star of the menu. I recommend the Prima. They offer a variety of interesting topping options and all on an excellent chewy, crisp crust that is not too thick or too thin. The mozzarella is very high quality, fresh slices, not shredded out of a bag. A small has six slices, so with salad, perfect for 2 ladies to split. 
Save room for the tiramisu! I'm not a dessert person, but this was worth the calories. One of the better ones I've had.
Wine selection is limited, but some good choices by the bottle and glass. Good price for the quality. The Barbera is very nice and a good value at $36/bottle.
Reservations accepted. Parking may be a challenge on weekends, but if you don't mind walking a block or two, it's worth a visit.Nonna Mia has a beautiful patio.  I stopped here with girlfriends immediately after the rock n roll marathon for glycogen repleting pasta!  Great choice!  Deliciously fresh ingredients and local seafood. The best aspect about this spot is the ambiance.  It's quaint, home-like, and the patio is covered with beautiful palm trees and people :)Pizza here is great.  I usually go for the Margharita, which is light and fresh.  You can take pizzas to the next level by asking for a thin crust.  Also, their sandwiches are pretty amazing, the Caprese is my favorite.
PLUS, Mondays and Tuesdays they have $5 pitchers, which is pretty unbeatable.Tonight we took friends there and our meals sucked.  I have eaten there a couple of times before and enjoyed the courtyard dining and have had decent food, but not tonight. Service was poor and the food was worse. After raving to our guests about the calzones they came out small, broken and watery. They looked like a croissant that had been stepped on. We all had salads and the dressings were poorly prepared lacked balance and completely unsavory. Contrary to what others have written, we were rushed through our meal and our server brought out food that she could not identify. I mean those calzones were ugly! When I inquired about the turn for the worse in food quality, I was told that evening that the previous manager, who was most hospitable and  was meticulous about the operation, had resigned due to interference from an absentee owner. There are too many great restaurants to put up with such a mediocre operation.Lovely setting but unacceptable food and service. I will not return.I love this place! It is a great place to hang out on the patio and chat.  But the real attraction is the food.  I could eat here every night of the week.  The menu has many dishes to choose from, and everything I tried was delicious.With my new Mid-City neighborhood, I have opened up a whole new region of restaurants. My first stop since the move was at Nonna Mia Cafe on Esplanade Ave. It's walking distance to my house and seemed like a good stop for a late Sunday lunch. And we were right about that!
The food was excellent, though perhaps a little pricey for a casual Sunday - need to keep in mind that they have small plate options for many of the meals. They have a wide-range of foods: pasta, salads, paninis, pizza, calzones, etc. So probably by avoiding the more expensive items on the menu, I could have avoided the meal being a little pricey. Regardless, I went for the tortellini, which was outstanding. And it looked very cool, fun mardi-gras style. Nonna Mia tortellini Also saw a salad, the lobster ravioli and a huge chicken sandwich. All were well reviewed by my group. For food, I'll give it a 37 out of 50. High score!
The atmosphere was also good. I didn't explore the inside seating much, but they have a great outdoor patio which we enjoyed a lot. I'll give it a 22 out of 30 for atmosphere.
The service was decent, though it featured a common theme of New Orleans restaurants, the waitress may have been lost for a bit. So we waited awhile for the check, but no big deal. The food came out reasonably fast and no issue with drink refills. I'll give it a 13 out of 20 for service.
Final score = 72. Nicely done (I created a restaurant ranking system which includes a total of 100 points: 50 for food, 30 for atmosphere and 20 for service).After reading the not-so-friendly reviews on Yelp about this place, I was pretty doubtful when my boyfriend told me that we had a groupon there. Luckily, groupons make you feel like you haven't spent any money so I thought of the meal as free and went in. 
When we sat down and ordered drinks, a couple of things happened: the first bit of overheard conversation was a woman complaining to the waitress about her bill; and after taking a sip from another glass, I noticed that my own glass (that I did not yet drink from) had lipstick on it. Oh boy. I had the mint lemonade pimm's cup ($7) which was delicious, but extremely weak. For food, I ordered something simple, angel hair with alfredo sauce ($7). My boyfriend tried to get bruschetta (they were sold out of bread?!) with chicken parmesan ($15). My pasta smelled like....feet? Something really weird. Didn't taste like any alfredo sauce I've had before, but it really wasn't that bad. The chicken was good but the accompanying pasta I could've passed on. 
It looked like the service was slower in the courtyard versus on the actual deck of the building and there I have no complaints. The drinks came out a little slow, but the food came out in a timely manner and we were in and out of there in an average time for any place. No issues with the bill, either, even though most of it was paid using the groupon. I don't need to go back, but I'm glad that it was a better experience than I thought it would be.The food is average..I'm dieting so I stay away from te breads and pastas...Always good and great NOLA service!!
Pizza is always a hit at this place!!  The atmosphere is laid back and the patio is relaxing! A must visit!!Another mediocur place in my neighborhood. The outdoor seating is really the only reason I go here, and the 1/2 priced bottles of wine on Monday's and Tuesdays. Probably some of the worst pizza I have ever ate, but someof the salads and sandwiches are quite good. I'm sure I will go again when the weather is warm and I am craving some alfresco dining.Nona Mia is a cool place with good food.
It has been a long time coming for this review. According to my Yelp page, it has been sitting in my drafts since January.
A friend recommended Nona Mia one night many months ago. As we arrived I was impressed with the location. This stretch of Esplanade is beautiful, and a great location for a restaurant. 
We started with an order of bread sticks, which may have been the best breads sticks I had ever had. They were warm, very light and soft. It was well worth the $3.75, and I could have eaten just this and left happy.
My entree was chicken parmesan. It too was very good. The chicken was perfectly cooked, and the sauce was very thick and rich. While I may have had better versions of this dish, none were only $13.95. 
On the night I went, service was possible the worst I have ever had in a restaurant. We were forgotten for nearly 30 minutes and a reluctant server eventually came, only after I went to the bar and asked what was going on. I think the poor service was a reflection on the server, not the restaurant, but it does bear mentioning. Every other person I encountered was very friendly and helpful. It was just this one server who seemed to have issues. 
My dining companion contacted the restaurant management and they were very professional and concerned about our service related issues. They even sent a gift card as an incentive to come back. Their concern and attempt to make things right really impressed me.
In closing, Nona Mia has great Italian food for very reasonable prices. While I experienced service issues, I don't think that is the norm.You should always know when you go to a place for lunch and there is no one there for a reason. Unless it just opened or is hard to find it usually means not very good. Sure enough. Shame it's a nice place on esplanade. Well ordered the Portebello divino first then meatball marinara. Had to attempt this once considering I would never order it from anywhere and faustos in Metairie is the one exception. That place makes the most unbelievable spaghetti and meatball. As for this one here, not very good meatball although big. Sauce was ok not much to it either. This came before my appetizer which was forgotten and had to wait after I was done with entree. The mushroom thing is different. It's decent but could use a different bread and more spinach. Completed the meal with tiramisu and that was actually good. Not as cakey as a lot of others are. Still the service food and price puts it at a 2 star for me. All the places next to this place are filled with people. I will have to try those next. Even with forgetting things and hearing I didnt like the spaghetti was not offered to order something else or was given a discount for the service.Another NOLA "Gem" with probably the best Pizza in the City.  Unfortunately the Service can be a bit difficult, but not so bad that you should pass this place up.I guess it was an off day, but not really, because it wasn't even crowded. We showed up with 2 kids at 6:pm. The server was already worked up, even though the place was empty. Our first image was her smelling a jug of milk at the bar to see if it was still good. I should ve turned around then. We sat ourselves, got our own menus, and chose the entire meal before server showed up. Again, I should ve left. They brought the "salad", truly awful but I ate it because 1. I was starving and 2. i didn't want to take the blame for having picked this place. When they brought the "Margherita" pizza, not only did it look nothing like such, the dough was raw and the tomatoes about to be rotten. I had 2 bites then decided it was enough. We told the server, who was still overwhelmed and nervous, to bring the check. She offered no apologies or a bigger effort to make things right, and only said those were the only tomatoes they had. I suspect those are the only tomatoes they' ve had for weeks. Not only dis we pay $40+ for 3 beers, a small pizza for the child that was supposed to be free with the purchase of the large pizza, and a semi-rotten salad. Before we left I told other guests to make sure their food was cooked. I really can't even imagine having ordered some kind of meat there. Ugh.Excellent service. One of my friends and I split a $5 Peroni pitcher tonight. That's like 4 glasses of beer for $5. Great deal. We had the garlic bread for an appetizer. It was delicious. Very cheesy. It came with a side of marinara. It tasted great without the Marinara sauce. I had the manicotti. Tons of cheese, and a nice size portion. It was very rich. My friend had a "build your own pasta." The pesto sauce on her pasta was one of the better Pesto sauces that I have tasted. It was a nice size portion of pasta.
My third friend had the lasagna. I actually enjoyed the lasagna more than the manicotti. The meat in the lasagna was yummy.We waited over an hour for our meal. The four cheese pizza was inedible...horribly overcooked. They insisted we wait and take a freshly cooked pizza home. The freshly cooked pizza was not much better. They did give us 20% off the bill ($19.37), but charged us for the pizza ($12), so we got $7 off. I would have given this place one star, but the Divine Portobello was excellent. Even so, it was not worth waiting an hour for it.If you want to spend your night in very cute porch and sip your drink slowly thats the place to be. if you want some quality food and not wait at least an hour for food then don t eventhink about it. Best solution can be eat something at home then go there. This way when your food arrives in your table i quareented you will be ready to eat again.
I would give just one star but it was very friendly waitress and very relaxing outdoor space to eat in mid city. so here we are 3 stars...This place is simply amazing,Food, cook and waiter. Must try the lobster ravioli app. My husband ordered the spaghetti and meatball and i ordered the three cheese tortellini, both were outstanding. A nice little Italian restraunt close to the city park. Breath of fresh air outside the busy crazy city.Okay ,so I ordered my New Year's Eve dinner from what used to be my go to place Nonna Mia. I Ordered the Salmon and Veggies + Caesar  salad. The salad was minus any measurable amount of Parm so essentially it was croutons and romaine with a side of dressing. Now the disappointing Salmon, imagine my disgust after I started eating it I go a bad taste of fish decay. I called last night but the lines were busy , of course being N.Y.E I understood, and said ok I just call tomorrow. And I did I held for the Manager  some one named Casey he informed me that a lot of people had the fish and didn't say anything. I said that has nothing to do with my fish, Billy then informed me on my next order I could have a free dessert. I'm like what? No that is unacceptable, Billy then stated if i had called last night the would have replaced my meal but since it's the next day he can't do anything. Nasty disgusting fish ,dry flavorless Caesar salad. Shame on you Nonna Mia Shame! You've lost me as a customer, and I was a good one. If I could give you zero stars I would.Nonna Mia is kinda far from the French Quarter, but if u are tired of the tourist traps, head down Esplanade Avenue.  We were lucky to have our Louisiana Swamp Tour guide actually drop us at the restaurant and we cabbed it back to Decatur and walked to hotel.  We asked for thin crust pizza but it wasn't thin....but tasty.  We also ordered two different dishes to share.....both were good, not great.  The lemonade with lemon italian ice was good!  Nonna has a nice outdoor seating area and Esplanade Avenue has nice houses, coffee houses, etc.Pros:
Good Prices
Quick Service
Building is nice (an old house)
Nice Location
Cons-
unprofessional wait staff
Food was just boring
Nothing special
Very cramped and noisy
Street ParkingWe came into town.  And there were five us who ate.  We ordered a few salads and a ravioli.  Everyone was very happy and the salads were big enough to share.  The slices fo pizza were huge. 
Overall a great experience!Ordered delivery, WAY too much cheese, the toppings had slid off the pizza, so very soggy even though I asked for a well done pizza. You will not be satisfied.This was my first time in this restaurant. I noticed the ads and reviews from other sites.  Also I didn't know if we were to casual for the concept.  
At 6pm today, I entered a "Quick Tip".. about it not being very busy and the high count of present staff. Our experience, I went to an early drink & cocktails with a friend of mine. Upon being told to sit anywhere we want. We opted for a four-top in the adjacent dining room. After our server greeted us, we each proceeded to quickly order drinks I ordered the Margarita Nonna and he got the PainKiller. 
Our server first spoke to who I assume was the Manager and disappeared.. we weren't spoken to by anyone else for 15 minutes. Upon 20 minutes we proceeded to cancel the drinks and leave. Food may have some derivative flavors and deliciousness, BUT after waiting that long for drinks.. I'll never know.We lived in the neighborhood a few years ago and periodically would try this place - and each time the service was so horrendously slow, we vowed never to go back.  Fast forward three years and we gave it another shot.  Bad move.  45 minutes to get breadsticks and olives.  Still waiting on anything more substantial.   Just don't do it....Excellent food, cozy patio and fantastic atmosphere. I would recommend this place to anyone in the mood for Italian.Love this place. Always seems pretty empty when we go by but food is always consistently great and service as well. Great casual little spot. Definitely worth the stop!I was visiting family from out of town over the holidays and we were looking for a casual place to have a nice meal. A friend mentioned Nonna Mia a couple of days earlier and we decided to give it a try. 
The location was pretty central for us and the actual space was very charming. Looked like an older two story home that had been renovated; tall ceilings and a lot of the original architectural details remained. 
A couple of people shared a Caesar salad, I had a caprese salad which was awesome! One person in our group had the ravioli del giorno as an app, everyone seemed quite pleased. For a "main course" we all has individual slices of pizza. I had a pepperoni and mushroom, again it was great. The pizza was thin crust, which I prefer and the amount of tomato sauce was perfect. 
Our server was VERY nice and attentive to what we might need. Over all I would recommend the Nonna Mia as a casual place for dinner or lunchVery good  pizza! Calzone is very filling. The pasta salad has a strange after taste.Incredibly peaceful patio with great atmosphere. Sergio was very friendly, attentive, and came around just enough to care for needs, but not intrusive. 
Small pizza with 3 toppings at $12.45 almost too much, and delicious - just as an Italian pizza should be - crispy, but chewy crust, sweet, roasted garlic like candy... excellent! Beet salad with fig vinaigrette, $10.25, was also delicious.
Glass of house wine, $8.00, a bit pricey for the pour. $4.00 for Abita Amber, a good price.
Beautiful day, relaxing patio, and good service made for an overall good experience.
I would recommend this place in a heart beat!I am only giving 3 do to the fact that it's is close to my house, nothing other than that, I just ordered online about 30+ mins ago....the pizza was ready in 15-20mins, BUT when I got it home,  it had none of the extras I had applied or paid for (this has happened twice now) and the last time.This is one of my favorite places to grab a pizza. We usually go here for special events (birthdays, etc) or after a race (CCC or Rock 'n Roll Half). The staff is always pleasant and very accommodating whenever I have a Groupon the waitstaff is VERY accommodating by being able to take the Groupon off of my phone instead of forcing me to print it out.
On Mondays and Tuesdays they have half off bottles of wine - yum!Went to Nonna Mia last night after a friend had recommended it to us. Very cute atmosphere, outside looked really lovely but we asked to sit inside. Our waiter was pleasant and told us the specials including lobster ravioli. My boyfriend ordered the marinated olives and bread sticks to start and the eggplant parmesan. 
The marinated olives were oven baked (?) and exceptionally HOT! The bread sticks were more like large croutons...baked to death to hide the fact that they were stale. This combination made my mouth hurt.
My lobster raviolis were tasty, but served lukewarm. There was a vodka cream sauce on top that was delicious, but over powered the taste of the lobster. The eggplant parmesan on the other hand was inedible. The eggplant was so bitter; I don't think it was prepared properly. The side of spaghetti and red sauce reminded me of cafeteria food.
I guess we should have partaken in the 50% off bottled wine special. Our food probably would have tasted better then!! Won't be returning anytime soon and we are questioning our friend's taste in food. 
Pros: Cheap, large portions 
Cons: Cheap, large portions poorly prepared