Great staff, great decor and great food. We only had an appetizer and drinks, along with some Kid's Ramen for our daughter, but we really enjoyed it. 
Our Server (Waites) was very knowledgeable and attentive.   The Bartender (Lindsay) whipped us up some killer Sake-based cocktails. The Manager (Josh) was warm and hospitable. 
Can't wait to go back and try more. Maybe even save room for pie?I want to like this place more, but it just hasn't delivered on taste. I've tried two of their ramen bowls, but the roux tastes a little burnt and the flavors are just a little bland. However, the pie & service are great!I'm biased as hell when it comes to ramen, nothing will ever beat some of the street food I had in Japan. That being said, I was still super excited to hear that there was a ramen place in Uptown. Unfortunetly, I left fairly disapointed. The long and short of it:
1. Ramen. I got the chicken ramen and was delighted with the presentation. My high expectations were tarnished upon the 1st bite. The broth had virtually no flavor, it was akin to eating slightly salty spiced water. Siriacha would have helped, but there was none to be found. The meat was pretty tender and flavorful, but there were only 2 thin strips for me to savor. I ended up not finishing the bowl which is out of the ordinary for me, but I couldnt bring myself to polish off the broth.
2. Okonomiyaki Fries. The okonomiyaki fries we had before the ramen was the saving grace of the entire meal. These things are delicious and a double order might be my meal the next time I go.
3. Pie. The Butterfinger pie was good, but not worth the $7/slice that you'll pay for it. They have other flavors that I'd like to try, but only if I'm really craving sweets.
I'd give this place another shot if for nothing but my love of ramen, but I'll go in with lowered expectations. Still, if you're craving ramen I don't believe theres anywhere else in NOLA so they appear to be your only option. Better than no ramen at all!
Overall Grade: C+I REALLY wanted to like this place, I really did. I love me some ramen, especially when I'm hung over. Unfortunately, Noodle & Pie fell wayyy below my expectations. For a $16 bowl of ramen, I was (A) expecting something larger. I could immediately tell that I was going to have to eat a second dinner when I got home. It was barely a handful of noodles and the broth wasn't even steaming hot. My fiance would need to eat at least 4X the amount they served to be somewhat full. (B) HOLY sodium overload. There is absolutely ZERO reason why any broth should be that salty. I barely drank any of it. Lastly, the blueberry pie was not memorable and equally tiny. I did enjoy the calamari though and service was fine. 
When I complained to my coworkers the next day about my experience, I had 3 others echo the same complaints. Needless to say, I won't be back.I wasn't feeling well this weekend and decided some good soup would really hit the spot.
Noodle & Pie is a cute little place, brightly lit due to really large windows and huge doors that open up to combine the outside with the inside. This was really nice considering of late, we've had some of the most beautiful weather New Orleans has seen all year.  I also loved the Edison light bulbs in the string lights.  Nice touch.
I ordered the Summer Miso Ramen, which is Tofu, soft egg, toasted sesame, crisp Napa cabbage, chili sesame oil, green onions, and enoki mushrooms.  I wanted some meat, so I added pork belly.  The ramen was good, not great.  I also had some green tea, which was very good.
My friend got the House Bowl. She said it was good, but on the salty side.
I had no complaints about the service.
What brings N&P down to 2 stars is the poor value.  The small bowl of ramen that I had was $10. And their small can't be compared to a small or regular sized bowl of pho at a Vietnamese restaurant.  It really was small.  As in I could've eaten two of them to fill me up.  The pork belly that I added was 2 very small strips of pork belly for $2.50.  The cup of green tea was $3.50.  After tax and tip, it was a $20 lunch, and I wasn't really satisfied.  
If it wasn't such a terrible value, I might go back to try other menu items, but at that price point, I won't return.  There are just way too many other choices for much cheaper.Me and 3 friends went on their 2nd night open. The shrimp cracker fries and the taro chips were delicious. We tried the house bowl and the matador bowl of ramen noodles and both were disappointing. The broth was way too salty and heavy, it was almost like drinking straight soy sauce. The noodles and the pork/beef in each of the dishes were great but there wasn't much in the bowl. It seemed like not a lot of food for the price that you. Service was average. The menu has 4 or 5 entree options and a dozen or so small plate/snack options. It should be noted that the pies looked absolutely amazing but we didn't try any of them. I personally did not have an appetite for dessert because of the salty meal.I was flying on Southwest and was passing time on my flight with their magazine. I come across a picture of a bowl of ramen. Mmmmmm I was hungry and this Steaming bowl was from a restaurant in NOLA. Heeeeey!!! I'm on my way to NOLA!!!It was a sign from the Food Gods that I had to try this place out! How often have I seen magainze pictures of deletecable items and it turns out I have to travel so many hundred of miles. to even get a bite?!
When we got there all the tables was filled (a good sign) we didn't have to wait long before my party of 4 was seated. We ordered the black peppered fried calamari which was alright. I didn't care for it as it was too salty for me and I like to have some meat on my calamari instead of fried into thin crispy charred-ness. 
I ordered the house bowl with pork belly and it was good! I loved the flavors of the broth as well as the noodles. I loved how they trimmed the pork belly so there wasn't massive amount of fat hanging around. We were too stuffed to get any pie. Overall, check it out if you're in the neighborhood. Sometimes a bowl of ramen and warm soup is all you need.Tried this place, we were skeptical, "ramen noodles" didn't sound wonderful. 
We were very pleasantly surprised, and delighted with our dinner. 
We had 3 appetizers - the clay pot pork belly was a treat. Then split the octopus and shrimp salad, it was the best we've had.  Our Bowls were good too, I had the special, with crab meat, and it was good but a waste of crab since the other flavors overpowered it. My friend had a bowl with beef, very tasty. 
Then the pies! I had the bacon pecan, she had lemon cream, both wonderful.  Only the industrial strength crust detracted, but that crunch worked in wellThis place was voted as one of top 10 [number 3 to be specific] ramen shops in the U.S. Noodle & Pie is located in the, I guess you could say, upper class area of NOLA (there's even a Whole Foods somewhere near). The inside of the restaurant was decorated really cute with regular table seating as well as "rules" on how to eat their ramen hanging on the walls!
 I went during lunch time and there was only 2 types of ramen available: house bowl and I think some sort of veggie ramen? I don't quite remember. I got the house bowl; the broth tasted kind of meaty. I really like that they give you one whole boiled egg here unlike other ramen shops. We also got the Brussel sprouts and special fries as our appetizer; they were both good, but nothing special. I got the iced matcha green tea as my drink thinking it'd have milk in it but I was wrong- it's just green tea. 
They also sell shirts here too. Another interesting fact is that this ramen shop is owned and operated by Caucasian people; all the ramen shops I've been to are normally owned and operated by Asian people.It was a delightful experience. I had lunch there while my car was in the shop and the service was excellent, the serving sizes of the food were generous and of course delicious! I recommend this for small groups or a fun place for a first date!I had the beef ramen and it was a good bowl of soup but it was a bit over priced at $10 as it was the same size as a small bowl of pho at most Vietnamese joints where you can get a large bowl of pho for less than $10.  The worst sticker shock was the $3.25 iced tea which I passed on and just had water and I was also a bit sad that they had no Abita Amber in their very small beer selection.  I had the blueberry & peach pie and I thought the crust was quite nice but it was a bit tough and I didn't find that I liked the combo of peach and blueberry as the flavor didn't really work for me.  
The interior of this place has been made into a very bright orange so all the Tennessee and Auburn fans can find themselves right at home but I find it a bit glaringly bright.  The seating is not very comfortable and didn't encourage me to linger around and enjoy myself.  The music was way too loud and not very good so that definitely could have been turned down a whole lot.  This place definitely has zero New Orleans vibe about it and could have been ripped out of Austin or someplace in California or New York.  I liked the ramen but the rest of the scene was trying way too hard to be way too hipster.  I would definitely return for the soup but I'm not sure about the rest of the food and the ambiance is just not pleasant.  
So in summary the ambiance is awful, the prices are a bit expensive, the ramen is really good and the pie has potential.Excellent all the way around. My wife and I split the pork belly and shrimp korokke (sp). One of the best meals I've had in some time.Let me just start by saying that ramen is not my favorite type of food, but I wanted to give it a try with an open mind so I did. I was pleasantly surprised that I did not have to wait on opening weekend. Maybe I was in the right place at the right time because it was at capacity, but we were able to score a spot at the bar. I guess that's what you get when the place is run by restaurant veterans like the chef of Dante's Kitchen. 
We got 2 small plates and one noodle bowl to share and it was enough food for 2 people.  The shrimp cracker fries were really good. They are double fried (so its extra healthy) so they are very crispy! They had a garlic flavor to them and were served with siriacha aioli which complemented it well. The chicken skewers we sort of like a chicken meat ball and it was very flavorful. I went with the vegetarian bowl and the broth had a sweeter taste, which was different. The contents of the bowl were good and went well together. The egg was a nice touch and the bean spouts added a nice crunch. 
The pie offerings were not your mama's apple pie. They strive to offer pies outside the box, which is pretty cool. We opted for the bacon pecan because it sounded like the best of the three. The slice was on the smaller side and a little hard to split with even for 2 people. So if you like pie, spring for your own slice. When our slice came to the table it was cold like it came out of the fridge. This wasn't a problem for taste, but it was really hard to slice even with a knife. You could tell it was fresh, but I wonder if there can be a warm pie alert on their twitter. How exciting would that be? 
I was really happy with the service. The staff looked like a well-oiled machine, very impressive for their second night; they were able to answer any of our questions about the menu. Because it's a small place it gets very loud and hard to hear the person you are sitting next to, but still good for a casual inexpensive meal.This is now my fourth time at noodles and pie. While their food has been consistent each visit, their ramen lacks depth of flavor that their small plates and bold pies possess. The noodles alone and pie are worth a visit or two, but they are almost done in by the overly saccharine broth. The heart of a good ramen is its broth, and the broth fails to meet the quality ingredients in the ramen. 
As for the good: I've eaten fresh ramen for fifteen years, and I can say the noodles are great. There's an elasticity and bite to the noodles that stays springy even after a half hour bath in broth. The ingredients are fresh, the meat and tofu well cooked and well sourced. The small dishes shine with the papaya salad, okonomiyaki fries, korean fried chicken, and brussel sprouts really shining. The drinks can be a little surprising to the palate, but generally good, a not too sweet taste that pairs perfectly with liquor (pineapple tamarind and rum is amazing), and each pie is consistently cooked, never burnt, and always keeps me coming back for more.
The bad: the broth: it's too sweet, lacks body, and doesn't harmonize with the ingredients.
Summer miso broth: too much mirin to try to counter the saltiness of the miso, and it lacks depth of flavor. There is no umami flavor or hint of kombu. Less can be more, and while the ramen is evolving, the overarching sweetness is hindering it. Also avoid the Sichuan tofu, it lacks five of the seven characteristics of Sichuan food.On our hunt for new restaurants to try, the hubby and I went here for an early dinner last night.
Here's the run down:
We shared a few small plates, three of which were on the regular menu and one special for the night.  The special was beef bone marrow with roasted poblano peppers and parmasean cheese with onion pancakes.  I don't think you can ever go wrong ordering bone marrow... it's the best butter substitute ever!  The onion pancakes were nice and dense.  We also got the shrimp and green papaya salad, the okonomiyaki fries and the kimchi katsu don bowl.  The standout were the fries... those bonito flakes were a fun and delicious treat.  We liked the kimchi bowl the least.  The pork was too fried and I felt like the kimchi wasn't spicy enough... although it had great acidity.  
We also shared a small bowl of the house ramen.  No added shennanigans.  The broth was ok... needed more seasoning I felt.  We kept adding the spice and black sesame salt that they have on the side as condiments.  The noodles were well done, so that's a plus.
For dessert, we had the chocolate pecan chocolate pie.  That was scrumptious!  It was chewy and had the right balance of everything.  Although, at $6.50, we thought it was overpriced for a slice of pie.  
Overall, I would give it try if you're looking for something new and interesting.Ramen in NOLA? Yesss please!!! Service is prompt and friendly.
The food is of quality and very tasty. I am not sure about arugula in the ramen. I don't hate it but next time I'll probably ask to leave it out.
Ambiance is nice for friends or even a date. I can see myself being a regular once the chilly weather starts. Give it a try!- The okonomiyaki fries are a great idea and were very good.  However, if you're going to go okonomiyaki on me, you should go all the way and include a little more kyupi (Japanese mayo) and the tonkatsu sauce.  A little pork would be nice as well.  That being said, I love the concept and the flavor was very nice.
- The papaya salad was hefty and had a great kick to it.  I really enjoyed it.
- My house ramen was full and beefy with a nice touch of fat.  The noodles had the right texture.  The whole runny egg was a nice touch.  All in all a good bowl of ramen.  I did miss my pink fish cake though.Arrived not long after opening on a Saturday night.  We have been excited to try this place since before they opened.  
There were four of us, two adults, a teenager and an almost 8 year old.  
We were pleasantly surprised that it exceeded expectations.  The small plates were really good.  We enjoyed everything we got, for the most part.    Some things we didn't like were just based on personal preference and nothing was ordered that most people in our party didn't like.  For example, two of us were iffy on the ribs as they were too sweet, but the other two of us really liked them.  
Bone marrow was fabulous as was the onigiri and the special which was fried chicken pieces.  Chicken skins were good, but personally I'd have preferred them flat instead of wrapped around a stick.  
We ordered 4 different ramens.  We ordered Veggie, House, Kids and Crab.   Everyone thought their own was the best with the exception of the almost 8 year old who didn't like the kids ramen since she preferred the crab ramen.  We all thought the House ramen, like other reviewers, that it  was too heavy on the soy sauce.  The Crab and pork belly was fabulous and just the perfect melding of flavors.  
Also three different pies, S'more, Pumpkin and Apple which everyone who ordered loved.  
I would have given this restaurant 5 stars except I thought it was a little expensive.  I know we ordered a bunch of stuff to try because we don't live in the area and wanted to try as much as we could.  We expected a large bill but still I think the prices could be a little more reasonable.  Mainly the sake is very expensive.  A 6 oz pour will cost you around $14.  We drink sake often and know that this is close to price gauging.  
Our server was Chance who was fabulous.  He was friendly, explained everything perfectly, his recommendations were spot on and he was cognizant  of the kids as far as the dishes went (thought about spiciness and rum on the pies etc). 
Really, if it wasn't for the high price of the sake here, I'd have given it 5 stars.Everything you have read so far is true: Yes, their portions are rather small for the price; Yes, the concept of Ramen Noodle and Pie is just a tad weird but not impossible to enjoy; Yes, this ramen isn't the BEST ramen one might hope to find but...having said all that...it certainly isn't a bad place either. 
If you are really hungry and planning on having a regular portion of ramen, maybe get an appetizer to split as well because I'm not sure if one regular size bowl of ramen will fill the average person. I think the Okonomiyaki Fries was the best thing we had there honestly and weirdly enough. The House Ramen Bowl was just...ehh..."A-Ok." It was by no means a grand disappointment, but it just wasn't very memorable either. I liked it alright, I just don't know if I would make the trip back for it specifically....but between the appetizer and the regular portion of the House Ramen Bowl we were perfectly satisfied as far as food portions go. However, there IS a large ramen bowl option on the menu that looked much bigger and more promising as far as portions are concerned.
There seems to be a lot of talk on Yelp about whether the broth of the ramen bowl is either too bland or too salty...but I say it was both! I certainly tasted salt, I just didn't taste much else. The broth is definitely a clear and sort of delicate chicken based broth as far as the House Ramen Bowl is concerned. Like I said, it's not bad, it's good but don't expect anything super fragrant and seasoned. They DID have a sort of salt and spice mixture on the tables that you could spoon into the broth yourself. I dabbled in them a bit but I didn't notice a whole lot of difference.
I do think it is hard not to insinctually compare a Japanese Ramen Bowl to a Vietnamese Pho situation where the bowls are huge and the prices are cheap. Both contain noodles, meat based or vegetable broths and an assortment of veggies and meats depending on the selection. BUT they are after all totally different cultures and VERY different concepts of noodle soups. IF you ARE comparing it to Pho (either intentionally or not), than YES, you will feel like the portions are underwhelming and the prices are stiff. I guess the trick is that you have to remember that these are meant to be different experiences and not to expect Pho sized portions and prices when you are at a trendy Magazine Japanese/Ramen/Fusion-style restaurant. It's just totally apples and oranges there, you simply can't compare one to the other. Having said all that, I don't think I would care to make a trip back anytime soon unless I am conveniently in the area again. I like it....I just don't love it ya know?Finally, good ramen in New Orleans! The staff is friendly, and has good recommendations. After the six-different-pickles-platter and grilled beef heart, I knew I had a new favorite place. The classic ramen was good also, and actually had the topping you would find on ramen in Japan-hooray. As strange as the combination of ramen and pie might sound, I guess with the necessary amount of passion, anything works because the pie was excellent too. Coconut key lime the first go-around-my Floridian friend said it might be the best key lime she ever had. Chocolate marscapone the second time was delicious too. Worth noting that I went twice in four days after trying it. 
I have to laugh at the reviewer who said there was nothing Japanese about the place because her food was weird, gooey and awkward. Having grown up there, that describes much of the food you come across if seen from from a U.S. perspective. But the point is moot, because I didn't experience any of those things. I noticed a simple, seasonal menu with quality ingredients artfully prepared, and that is pretty Japanese from my experience. I wouldn't have minded more gooey, in fact.Well, upon my third visit, I ordered something other than the house bowl, of which I had previously left a glowing review. Mistake!
To start, we ordered their special of the day, bone marrow with parmesan and a green onion flatbread. Bone marrow and flatbread were undercooked. Also, there is a reason why bone marrow is typically served with crostini--it just works. The flatbread was too mushy and thick to be a proper vessel with which to scoop up marrow. Not a win.
We also ordered the papaya/shrimp salad. Waaaaaay too much fish sauce. It felt like I was sticking my nose in a vat of anchovies before I even took a bite. Spice level was legit, however, I couldn't eat more than one bite after that fishtastic experience.
Oh! We did order the okonomiyaki fries. Those are BOMB. Order these. Super crispy fries, with saucy goodness, green onions, and shaved bonito. Our table agreed these ruled.
Sadly, it appears that the only good thing here is the house bowl. The vegetarian miso broth was under seasoned and unfortunately the pork belly I ordered on the side did little to help that. My beau ordered the chicken tonkotsu, which was also under seasoned and came with so many sliced raw peppers that he couldn't finish the broth (and we are people that are borderline masochistic when it comes to spicy food). Also, soup was NOT piping hot, more like lukewarm. :(
The dudes ordered the special butterfinger pie. I didn't try any. (But let me just say there was a pie on the menu that was grapefruit with a black pepper tuile...weird). Service was rockin however and we had a great night regardless.
TTYL: If you order the house bowl and nothing else, you will be happy. However, I'm sticking to Yuki Izakaya for my ramen needs.I'm kind of obsessed with their vegetarian miso ramen bowl.  It's absolutely delicious!  Since I live about 4 blocks away, I'm a regular take-out customer and I go there at least once per month for dinner.  Three drawbacks about this place (but not serious enough to keep me away):
1.  The regular sized bowl of ramen is too small.  I'm a woman who weighs 110 lbs soaking wet.  For me to say your portions are small means they're ridiculously small.  I always have to order the large size.  I feel like the price for both sizes is a little steep based on the portion size.  Although you can't really put a price on good ramen, I would like to feel like I got my money's worth.  
2.  Every time I order my ramen to-go, I get the tiniest container of broth.  It doesn't even cover all the noodles/eggs/other yummy components of soup when I pour it all together.  Why can't you use equally sized containers for both the broth and solid stuff when you pack a large takeout order?  It's kind of annoying..
3.  I used to get flank steak added to my ramen but for some reason they did away with serving beef.  Now all they offer is pork which I don't care for.  This one isn't such a big deal since the ramen is delicious by itself.I really enjoyed everything we ordered here.  We had the BBQ pork belly, a noodle bowl, and two pieces of pie.  I would go here just to pick up pie if they had a drive-thru.The GF and I visited this place on the first Friday of Lent after a late afternoon jaunt downtown. We had been here once before and really enjoyed what we had. We were hoping to order a noodle dish which we hadn't experienced the last time, but, alas, there were no seafood noodle dishes though there is a vegetarian one. 
So we ordered the mussels in green curry as an appetizer and a catfish special. The mussels were fabulous, steamed in a beautiful coconut curry sauce/broth and served with a  great sticky sesame rice. We split the small portion which was enormous and a great value. Now for the catfish. The catfish was fried in a beautiful wet batter (I think) which was wonderfully flavorful and perfectly executed. It ain't as easy to fry catfish as some might think. It was served with a refreshing side salad with basil and cilantro as the predominant herbs and a little shot of coconut milk. Here's the bad part. The fish was so spicy I couldn't eat it. The GF, who has a higher tolerance for heat, barely made it through her small portion. I brought half of mine home and gave it to my daughter who couldn't handle it either. It's such a shame when too much heat makes a perfectly conceived dish inedible. In defense of the chef, I will say I don't handle heat well at all. Funny thing is the waiter, a real good guy, did say it was spicy but said it was mildly spicy, about 5/10 on the heat scale. I gotta say, my friend, if that's 5/10, then 10/10 would be a great tool at Guantanamo.  
Now all of the dishes are not spicy, most not at all. Last time we had delicious calamari, chicken wings, and a great rice bowl. And if you can handle the heat, maybe the catfish is for you. As I said, it was a wonderfully conceived and executed dish. Funny thing is, we have been there twice now and still have had neither noodle nor pie. Next time!The Brussels sprouts were great and the Sake was smooth. The ramen wasn't all that good. The broth was very salty and the portion was small. I easy could have eaten three bowls. The bill for two was $60. So it's kind of expensive also. I probably won't be going back.Enjoyed an app of snails, first time, were very good. Had the chicken paitan ramen, which was alright. The highlight of the night, not the PBR in a paper bag, which was awesome, but the pie! Had the Butterscotch pie with madras curry crust. Was such a confusing flavor but I couldn't stop eating it. I equated the curry flavor to something like Old Bay in the crust, not that anyone I've met in NOLA knows what that is. Either way the pie was amazing!The ramen is always fresh and the customer service is great. The cheesecake has more of a flan consistency which threw me off. Not the cheapest place to eat, but quality never is.The food is fantastic. Kitchen is a little slow though I believe they'll get better. Loud, wish there were outdoor seating.  There was a mistake with my order and they were completely gracious. Will be back.Delicious ramen soup. A bit pricey but definitely of high quality. The pancake with bone marrow butter - stfu, deee-lish!!Dinner at noodle and pie was incredible! The edamame and brussel sprouts were out of this world! The entire experience was made even better by our fabulous server Ashley, she had a great smile, was helpful, good sense of humor and attentive! Recommend this place 100%A friend and I went here last night. We called ahead to see if they had outside seating because she wanted to bring her dog. It was no problem, so we walked over. After bringing us some water, the waitress also came back with a bowl of water for the dog without us even asking! :)  We both had the "Early Bird" Special which consisted of your choice from two appetizers and two bowls of ramen, then each a slice of pie. My friend chose the shrimp cracker fries, while I went with the fried brussel sprouts. Both were delicious!!  I will be getting those brussel sprouts again. For Ramen, we both chose the House Ramen.  It was packed with pork shoulder, mushrooms, shredded nori, noodles, and a soft boiled egg. I added spice to mine which was provided on the table. It was definitely salty enough. My friend added salt and kind of wished she hadn't.   They were out of the coconut-key lime pie that was on the Early Bird menu, so we were able to chose any of the other pies that they had. I chose the Fig and Custard pie which was PERFECT for me. Two of my favorite desserts combined.  My friend had a slice of ginger peach which she took home, but said it was also very tasty.  I will definitely go back here.  I thought everything was very good.They started with giving us 2 menus for 4 people without asking for our drinks while the restaurant was not busy (at the time) and then we waited 15 minutes to get waters...as it got packe just to get drink orders. We decided to order everything at once to stop the nonsense of waiting. Then they were out of 3 main dishes...one of which i came here for. Food was good but not enough MEAT. Had to ask for Sriracha twice!!!!spicy prom belly wasn't that spicy. And water...is it self-serveVegan ramen available, broth is delicious! Crab donburi bowl good, boring a little bit but tasted great, very friendly staff!I have come here I think 6 times now and not once have I been displeased by the menu items.  I have been slowly trying every item and each one has been fantastic.  Today I took  a Meat and potatoes only guy and he had the house bowl and the calamari and raved about each one.  I think we have a "convert" LOL.  Can't wait to come back and try another one.Horrible. The food was just horrible. Chicken whatever it was not on a stick, it was stuck to the stick and mushrooms you could not bite into because they were so rubbery. Soup was so salty and no true flavor. Fish cakes, what kinds of fish cake you can not cut into. Salt and Pepper on the table in open bowls nobody changes after diner leaves. Chopstick stands are not changed after diner leaves. Just gross.Noodles and Pie is one of our favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  There no other place in the city that we could get good Ramen.  I recently moved from Palo Alto, CA and fell in love with Ramen out there.  The broths here are very flavorful and unique.  I love the special bowls that they have.  I've not had better Ramen anywhere.  My favorite bowls are the Chicken Tonkotsu, Veggie Miso Bowl, and any of their special ramen bowls that they have on weekends.  Yesterday we had the Shio Crab bowl and added crab, which was fantastic.  This is exactly the soup I crave when I'm sick in order to kick a cold, nice and spicy and flavorful.go there and try the calamari/mussels/pickled veggie(i think).  the ramen- it is just not ramen- the broth is not very good and noodles are al dente which is confusing.  the pie is okay.  it is loud in here which i think they could work on.  the orange walls are a bit much but don't  really care as long as the food is good.
if you have eaten ramen a lot outside of new orleans, you would know this isn't great but i would and have gone back for everything else.
also service is good and food is consistent so that is something a lot of restaurants  are missing.Cured fried ribs and the chicken pai tan ramen were both salty. The house ramen was decent and had a miso like broth.It was average to me. Maybe cause I came during lunch time. To be called noodles and pie, I didn't see much offerings for noodles. As for pie, none really caught my attention. 
The house bowl had a meatier, heavier taste than regular ramen so it was okay. 
I really liked the brussel sprouts. 
I ordered the fries and the tofu Szechuan salad too but they were whatever to me. 
I guess it kind of bothered me that the spices were just in small little bowls already placed on the table with a spoon on top. I usually like a l o t of spice. 
The matcha green tea didn't really taste like matcha green tea, it was more like, unsweetened tea. 
Meh. The overall experience was eh.I really liked it! As per usual, for my birthday we went to a restaurant I've never been to. I hadn't heard of this place until I came across it on yelp the day before. Coincidentally, the next day, a friend mentioned she had just gone the night before. She said she loved it.
Before she said anything, I had doubts about the place. Noodle and Pie has a pretty average review, but I wanted more than average. However, I'm glad I chose this place.
First of all, for a Wednesday night, the place was pretty packed. However, the staff was very polite and accommodating. (They have outdoor seating!!!) The place itself is really cool, definitely not your average again fusion restaurant. Once we were seated, we were greeted by the really nice, incredibly helpful server (can't for the life of me remember his name). Not only is the place very hipster, but so are the awesome servers. So as far as service, 5 stars!
Secondly, just as a warning, don't order the "tea", or q whatever the red drink is... I wanted my usual sweet tea, but they didn't have it, so I settled for what they said was similar to sweet tea. Bleh! Not my cup of tea (haha get it?) To me, it tasted like the heartburn medicine, Gaviscon. Who knows, maybe that tastes really good to others. 2 out of 5 stars.
Finally, the ramen was fantastic I got the tofu/vegetarian ramen. Out of this world. They give you do much, too! Loved having ramen for lunch the next day! The pie. Oh, the pie. I really wanted to try the grapefruit pie, but it was not available at the time (most be really popular). So looking at the little pie menu, I decided I wanted the nutella pie. Unfortunately we didn't get what we ordered. Instead the served us the butterfinger pie. Fortunately, the butterfinger pie was amazing. I wash we ordered more pie, because one slice was not enough for five people. I can see where two people can split a pie, though. So for food, 5 stars.
I enjoyed my experience, and while the food was a little overpriced, I do plan on returning.Everything about this place was fantastic, except for the pie.
The house bowl was insanely good and the small plates were great as well. The service was excellent and the atmosphere was quaint. 
The only thing that stood out was the pie and not in a good way. It's one thing to serve pie and it's another thing to serve pie and advertise it. If you're going to advertise it. Make sure it's fresh and not ice cold from a freezer in the back. The pie is my only concern.
However, that ramen was on POINT tho. 
Would recommend the noodles but not the pie.We gobbled it all up noodles and pie.
The menu is a short list. And we tried just about it all. 
Amanda our server super nice polite and Kind.
Food really delicious everyone ate ramen.We went on Thursday 6/12/14 for the LA-SPCA fund raiser, Pause for Paws. Delicious food and great service. The Brussels sprouts
were fab and the pie was definitely worth the calories. 
.Must get the Korean fried chicken and eat it hot!!! The south sure knows how to fry things right. Would've gotten okonomiyaki fries too but traveling solo this time and that would not fit.
The ramen noodles were very well made, the broth could use some more umami. Nonetheless the noodle bowl itself was very satisfying and is the perfect portion, left me just enough room for pie. 
The Nutella pie sprinkled with chocolate candy.. As a non regular pie eater, that was some tasty pie.
If you're in Nawlins for a while and cannot have it with another Cajun/Creole dish, this is your escape!I had the house bowl and it was very good.  My husband ordered three small plates - sesame chicken, ribs and calamari and all were very good as well.  Next time we will try a pie.Wonderful and polite server. Came with our family which was a large group. We had the Brussels sprouts and fried chicken as appetizers which were good. Fast and accurate service but we came 30 minutes before closing on a Sunday. House ramen came out to be a little too salty. We didn't get any pie, but would've enjoyed some ice cream, but they don't serve ice cream.I have to agree with the grievances of many of these 2-3 star reviewers. A $16 bowl of soup should at the very least fill you up but I left hungry. Very salty broth. Not enough broth for all the other stuff in the bowl. My first Ramen experience but would have much rather gotten a delicious bowl of pho somewhere else for $10 and left much happier. I decided to cut my losses and not try the pie after the disappointing entree.Let me make one thing very clear about this restaurant: please do not pooh-pooh the idea of ramen.  Real, freshly made, authentic ramen, when done well, is delicious and bares absolutely no resemblance to anything you have bought for $1 in a plastic package in the supermarket.  Ramen-making is an art form in Japan and is no joke.  So do not let the word "ramen" turn you off and cast your mind back to your college days of eating instant noodles.  That is not what you will find at this restaurant, nor at any other "real ramen" restaurant.
With that out of the way, I will say I was pleasantly surprised by Noodle & Pie.  I live in New Orleans but I've eaten at a few critically-acclaimed ramen places in other cities, so I think I've probably been lucky enough to sample some of the best ramen available in the U.S. And I must say the ramen here is quite respectable.  It's not the best ramen I've ever had, but it's really quite good and I will definitely go back to try all the kinds they have on their menu.
We went in around the third week in August, not too long after they'd opened.  I had the Matador (beef-based) Ramen and here is what you can expect from the ramen at this restaurant:
- A good-size portion, but not as huge as some other ramen places, which I actually appreciated.  When you finish a bowl of ramen here, you are not crazy overly full, as you are at some other restaurants I've been to.
- Very savory broth, a little salty, full of meat flavor, which is how ramen broth should be. It wasn't as mind-blowingly rich as some of the best tonkotsu ramen broth I've had (which is made with pork marrow bones and can take up to 60 hours  to slow cook) but it was good, tasty broth.
- House-made noodles; theirs are nice and chewy and long.  Ramen noodles, made fresh, are soft and chewy at the same time, and they hit this on the mark.
- Various yummy things floating in the broth including meat, greens, and a soft-cooked runny egg, which is also the way the egg in a bowl of ramen should be. Please do not expect a hardboiled egg in your bowl of soup: it's meant to let the yolk run into the broth a bit, which I personally find delicious.
All in all, I'd say the ramen was tasty and definitely fairly loyal to what traditional Japanese ramen is, as far as I've seen.  Again, not blow-you-away spectacular, but if you've never had the real thing before, this is a very good place to start.
We also had a couple of the apps: the chilled duck breast (very good) and the traditional-style Japanese pickles. The portion size of the apps was indeed small (as some others have noted here), but this is 100% normal for a traditional-style Japanese restaurant, therefore this didn't bother me and was actually what I would expect.  I must say I was sort of disappointed by the pickles, they just weren't quite as good as pickles I've had at Japanese and some Korean restaurants, but I'll probably try them again: maybe they're still getting the pickles right.  We had some yummy cold sake, they have a small but good selection. 
We tried the s'mores pie which was tasty but again not blow-you-away delicious.  I'll try a different pie the next time.
As others here have noted, the service is great.  The place is not large, I'd probably not go there with more than a group of 4.  Decor is cute and the place is super clean including the bathrooms.
In sum, if I could give this place a 3.5 I would. I will definitely try it again and I would encourage others to go if you're up for experiencing some yummy and fairly traditional Japanese noodle soup. It's definitely unique in the city, so worth going if only for that reason.  Try it!This is the place to pay way too much for noodles and pie. The ramen is seriously banging as is the pie, but they both cost about twice as much as they should. They also make killer in house sodas. The wait staff is hella professional, and know tons of facts about all the in house stuff they make. They do have a decent happy hour special, which includes food, so if you're going to hit them up do it between 5 and 7.I wasn't at all impressed. It was way too salty. 2 thin slices of fatty pork. Bootys is the place if you want ramen.  And $7 for A SLICE of pie??! No wayThis was my first experience with ramen. I've been wanting to try it for a long time now, and my hopes were very high for this Chinese dish mastered by the Japanese. 
I started with the Korean fried chicken. The flavor was great, but the chicken was just slightly tough. It came with some kimchi that was very good!
My wife and I spit a summer miso and house bowl. Everything was good, but not great. Broth was very rich! Very rich!!! I don't know if I am unfamiliar with Japanese flavor profiles, or they have a twist, or what - I just thought it was all ok. My wife doesn't venture out on cuisine much, and she ate everything. But said she wouldn't go again. Id give it another shot with new ramen to choose.I ordered a large spicy green papaya salad, and champagne. The salad was extremely spicy, and tasted like it had a lot of fish sauce. The shrimp were bland. I tasted it, but I couldn't eat it. So I sent it back. They have a policy where you can't substitute dishes. I asked if I could have ramen instead, and the waiter said I would have to pay for both the ramen and salad. I decided to just drink my champagne. So I paid $35 for a couple glasses of cheap champagne. I am not going there again, and I would advise you to stay away.First visit to Noodle and Pie yesterday night.
I feel like I came in expecting more though due to reviews that I read but here's what I liked and didn't like. 
Drinks:  They do offer a good spread of cold sake which is nice. My friend and I had the Snow Maiden Nigori which goes down really smooth. The sake cocktail I had wasn't too bad either. 
Apps: I found the papaya salad to be quite tasty. It's got good heat and goes well with the crab in it.  We also had some apps like oyster mushrooms on a stick (a little underseasoned) and some curried fishcakes. I'm not sure if the fishcakes are made in house but it was surprisingly mushy.  I'm used to fishcake holding its form and having a good bite to it. 
Ramen:  
Good ramen is created based on its individuals components and how well they go together. I'd rate my Ramen 3.5/5.
I'll break down each part for what we had. 
House Ramen
Broth:  The broth has a smoky and rich taste which I loved. It was very well seasoned. 
Greens: The bitter greens is a nice complement since some of the other items are a little sweeter. 
Meat: The roasted pork had that additional sweet and smoke factor and was very tender. 
Fishcake: See above comment on fishcakes. It became a pile of mush when I tried to pick it up with my chopsticks. Sad X_X
Noodles: The noodles were a little strange. I think they were buckwheat soba noodles but I'm not sure if mine were underdone. I think I would've liked something heartier for this part. 
Egg: Perfect. Good poached egg just the way I like it. 
Dessert:  Bacon and Pecan Pie was good. It is very very rich though. My friend and  I were good with sharing that one piece. The crust is flaky and the flavors are combined well. You will not be disappointed. 
Overall, I'd give the place another try but was not necessarily drawn to come back again for a must-visit.Was told by a foodie friend that this is THE local Momofuku. I can vouch that it is not, but it has a few things going for it:
decent asian fusion food
fleur de hops oomegang beer - right now my absolute favorite
very nice waitresses
great location (in the old reginelli's)
nice atmosphere, interior design and casual furniture
good looking bathrooms
that and the lack of asian variety uptown makes it a 4 star. if they work the menu a little and add some zang, it has the potential for a 5 star casual joint.Ordered the house ramen and it was phenomenal. Broth was a little salty, but overall the dish was well balanced with the spinach, egg, mushrooms and pork. Had the Brussel sprouts, fries, and onion pancake. Absolutely delicious. Will certainly be back again.We had the early bird special, not a bad deal at all. I'll work backwards because the appetizer was truly the best part of the meal- altho we enjoyed everything. The Key lime pie was ok. We ate it up. But I'm glad it was part of the special bc it wasn't a huge piece. Plus, I like my Key lime pie a tad bit more tart. The limes are so sweet on their own. But that's me. Since we each got a slice, we do have some for later. i wish you could choose your pie with the special because I wanted lemon, but I'm just quibbling. No biggie. Vegetarian bowl was tasty. Not too salty at all. I really like the arugula floating in my bowl a lot. Not a lot of complex flavors, but that's what it's suppose to be. Noodles were excellent. I got mine with out egg bc I don't do eggs. Still, the best part was at the beginning. The "shrimp" fries were really tasty, french fries dusted  with dried shrimp powder. I would have stolen more off his plate if I had not been just digging my fried Brussels Sprouts!  I shared with him, but I didn't want to. Oh man! Lots of carmelized leaves, the insides- even the bigger sprouts- cooked perfectly tender but not overcooked. Yummy sauce and a little panko crunch. I could eat more now. I would go again. Might try a sake cocktail?Arrived at Noodle & Pie with a larger group. As others have noted, the space is very lively and fun--not the place for a quiet stuffy dinner. The small dining room is inviting, open and vibrant with bright modern design and a great view of Magazine Street. 
Let me start with the pies. I have a sweet tooth, and honestly if this were just a noodle house, it would be on my list of places that I've been meaning to go to. But who can pass up delicious homemade pie (baked by the pastry chef from Dante's Kitchen)? From what I can tell, there is a small selection of 3-5 pies nightly. We got there late, so the Bacon Pecan and the Blueberry pies were sold out. Our group tried the Honey Pine Nut, Peach, and Lemon Icebox pies. 
The pie slices were big enough to share bites, but small enough to have by yourself if you managed to save room. The peach pie was great--my wife noted that it was not overly sweet so you could really taste the fresh baked crust and the peaches. The lemon pie was a perfect mix of tart and sweet, with a bit of blackberry drizzle. And finally, my favorite was the honey pie. Where the sweetness of the other pies was pleasantly reserved, the honey pie was decadently rich with a great local wildflower honey flavor (this ain't your SueBee honey). The pine nuts and crust kept it from being too cloying, and there was a homemade whipped cream that really balanced well with the honey. I look forward to trying the other pies and seeing which specials make their way onto the list. 
Ok, now back to dinner. There is a simple yet very diverse selection of beer, wine, and sake, as well as some housemade sodas (I really wanted to try the Watermelon Chili soda, but opted for beer instead). 
Our server explained that the food menu is split into small plates (cold and hot) and ramen bowls. We ordered about 7-8 different items. Favorites included the Red Curry Fish Cakes that had a unique sweet and sour flavor, Octopus and Pickled Shrimp salad that had a perfect texture and flavor, and Onigiri (delicious savory  grilled rice cakes). We also tried the Lemon Salted Chicken Skins and the Rolled Chicken Thighs. The Green Papaya salad wasn't my favorite, but I 'm not a huge fan of fish sauce.
I was pleased with our communal order sharing, but when the dishes were cleared for the ramen bowls, I was excited. Let me qualify this by saying I am no noodle or broth enthusiast. You have to do something special to impress me with a bowl of water with some meat in it. We ordered the Beef Ramen, and I was blown away by the flavor. It seemed to have some kale or other bitter greens that were perfectly cooked in the bowl in a way that helped both the greens and the broth. The broth had a bold bouillon flavor that would go great with some red wine. The noodles were cooked to the perfect consistency and were in a good proportion to the other ingredients. The serving size was plenty for two people. 
We also tasted the pork ramen and vegetarian ramen, and they were entirely different--not just a costume change. The pork broth had a very smoky flavor that was almost reminiscent of BBQ. The cooked pork (that was added to the vegetarian broth--it's allowed) was seasoned with a hint of bold sweetness and slightly seared. I can't wait to come back in the winter if I loved it this much in August.I had such hopes for this place - cool renovation, favorite corner uptown. What a LET DOWN!
1st let me say the service was good and super friendly staff and thank goodness because the food was AWFUL. And when I say AWFUL I mean I had to actually come home and cook dinner. Everything I ordered went back - salty lemon chicken skins is basically dry, burnt chicken skin (and very little of it) on a skewer for $5 I might ad. Tried the King mushrooms- soggy, bland mess. We even tried a veggie noddle bowl. Last time I checked veggie indicated veggies meaning more than one, so I don't know that overcooked ramen (yes I said ramen) with undercooked kale and an egg really qualifies. Needless to say that after all that and a $3.25 glass of flavorless ice tea I was just a tad, shall we say, starving. So I tried the pie, because really Asian noodles and homemade pie are such a natural combo.
In truth the pie wasn't bad, and really the only thing that would make me MAYBE come back.......maybe. All I know is that it was an hour of my life that I will never get back and I went home "hangry" to boot! (and yes I meant hangry - angry and hungry people learn it)
Look, I applaud the efforts for an Asian fusion concept restaurant (I still have no idea what the heck that even means), but this is a huge miss. Maybe they should stick with pie and leave the Asian fusion for another day.I have rated this restaurant 4* for dinner and was more than pleased that they opened for lunch.  This review is based on LUNCH.  
We live about an hour from N&P and so don't go as often as I'd like so I took the lunch option and my birthday for a reason to go.  
Very underwhelming.  I'd love to ask the chef why even do a lunch if you aren't going to have the most popular items?   Overall it is fine but compared to their dinner menu?   Not even close.  
First of all our waitress (dark red hair) seemed very dour.  She never smiled, never had a  type of conversation and didn't even apologize that they were out of or didn't have more than 50% of the things we love when we go there at night.
*Bone Marrow -Dinner Only
*Crab & Pork bowl - Dinner Only
*Rose's Lemonade - Out of
*Blueberry Pie - Out of
*special of the day red wine - Out of 
Our server didn't know anything about any of the wines. Since they were out of the house red, I asked for a taste of one of the ones by the glass.  I'm glad I asked for a taste because it was corked.  Tasted like vinegar.  Ended up with a glass of Pinot which was fine.  
We ordered the OKONOMIYAKI FRIES and the BLACK PEPPER FRIED CALAMARI.  Both of these were very good and we enjoyed the "moving fries".  
The Okonomiyki Fries were very fun and we enjoyed the view of them "moving".  Nice crispy fries with a hint of smokey from the bonito flakes.  We would have liked a little more of the kyupi and tonkatsu but they were still good as served.  
The Black Pepper Fried Calamari were delicious and cooked just right.  Very tender.  The sauce is very citrusy.  Good combination.  
For the entrees we ordered a rice bowl, two noodle bowls and a kids bowl.  
The KIMCHI KATSUO DON was very tasty and if I had to go back for lunch I might order this or the curry.  When I think of rice bowl I think of Chirashi and that is not what this is.  The kimchi wasn't very spicy but the flavors were nicely put together.  
The House Bowl was the house bowl.  It isn't my favorite but I didn't order it.  The person who ordered it very much enjoyed it.
The kids bowl we ordered with not much broth and pork belly.  Bowl came with probably less broth than normal but it was still covering the noodles.  My daughter ate the pork belly and left the rest in the bowl.  She doesn't enjoy broth with her noodles.  (I know!)  Next time we might order her just the pork belly.   
My favorite is the Shio crab and Pork bow and is probably in the top 20 things I've ever eaten.  The Summer Miso Ramen is just not comparable.  It is fine for what it is but it just doesn't stand out to me at all.  
Several from our table were ready to order the blueberry pie but they were out so we settled on all sharing the Shoo Fly Pie.  The pie was good.  
On the hour drive home it was agreed that we could have had the appetizers and pie and called it a day.  The ramen available for lunch is just very underwhelming.  
I would not recommend Noodle & Pie for lunch at all and especially not as a destination meal.  As excited as I was about N&P finally opening for lunch I stick by my rule that if you aren't going to do it right, don't do it at all.  Maybe they'll eventually open the full menu for lunch and if so, I'll be back.  
My Recommendation:   If you are set on going here for lunch, be ready for sullen wait staff and call ahead to make sure they have what you want to order.I went twice early on and liked it, but didn't love it. Went back last week and loved it. Both noodle bowls were incredibly rich with flavors, especially the crab broth with pork. Ramen from a packet - which I have not outgrown even though college is a distant memory - will make now me a little sadder than usual when I eat it, since it will serve chiefly to remind me of what it could aspire to. Note: large bowl is actually large. Didn't have room for pie. I'll be back for that. Save me a slice.Chicken paitan ramen is the best! I don't really like their other broths in the other ramens. Only order chicken patian there! You'll be so happy you did.
Their small plates like brussels, Korean fried chicken, corn fritters are very nice. Pies are also bomb.We came here after readin about it on The Thrill List and the reviews were really good so we decided to try it. We ordered the shashu ramen extra spicy with spicy bean sprouts. The portion was perfect but what we thought was going to be spicy ended up being a helping of Sriracha sauce! It was more bland than anything. I was actually disappointed.A five based on the food and ambiance, but the place has some just-opened, new-restaurant type kinks to iron out.
Order the King Mushroom and the Lemon Cream Pie.Cocktails were tasty but not very strong. Had a Korean chicken small plate that I liked, but the ramen bowls my friend and I had were both salty and not that exciting (house and brisket). The home made noodles were definitely the best part of it. I asked someone who I think was the owner for sriracha because there was only some sort of salted spice mix on the table and he seemed pretty offended. Other than that service was fine. Probably won't return unless it's for the early bird special.I think people may be unclear about what kind of noodles are served here. This is (by and large) a Japanese style noodle house. That means they serve ramen, traditionally accompanied by nori (seaweed), a soft-boiled egg, and some type of pork. If you have never had ramen, or think those things are weird in noodle soup, then you might not be inclined to give this place a good review. 
That being said, their house ramen is really good! Pretty traditional, except that the broth didn't seem to be tonkotsu (pork bone) and was instead a beef based broth. Still, very tasty. Noodles are homemade, respect! I'm from San Francisco and have been to Japan, and this ramen is the best in the city (not saying much in Nola...). It's not as good as ramen in California, NYC, or Japan obviously, but it holds its own. 
I like that there are two different bowl sizes, so you can save room for pie. Also you can get extra noodles, or add more pork products to your bowl. Yay options! 
The small plates are more "Asian fusion." We got the short ribs, which were falling off the bone delicious. Also got shrimp korokke, which are like shrimp croquettes. These were ok, but the filling was like a paste with no discernible shrimp and the whole dish was really sweet. Too intense for me. Fried brussels sprouts were good, but how do you go wrong with that? I guess they were made Asian-y by the inclusion of panko. Although the panko was just sitting in grease on the plate instead of covering the sprouts. 
Pie!!! Ok so this is such a weird combo and I think that's why I resisted coming here for so long, even being the noodle soup lover I am. And I'm not going to say it works as a dessert for Asian food. But their key lime pie and chocolate pecan (I think it was pecan) were so yummy! In the future I would come for one or the other. 
Everyone was happy. This place is solid for either noodles or pie, whichever your heart desires. And so far, best ramen I've found in Nola!
Edit: people, this is NOT expensive! My bowl was $10! Do you have any idea how laborious it is to make ramen broth?? And they make their own noodles! That speaks to a higher quality product, which you should be happy to pay for.The food was delicious and inventive -- we tried the smashed heirloom tomato salad with fresh crab, the grilled sausage roll, charred Brussels sprouts, and the House Bowl. All fabulous, especially the Brussels sprouts. The service was friendly but uneven -- everyone's food came out at different times and by the time our waiter got back to check on us, only one piece of pie remained. We'd still be regulars if we lived in New Orleans.The first time my wife and I visited Noodle & Pie, we didn't even make it to the "noodle" portion of the menu as the small plate/starters were so tempting. Paige loved her Chinese style sticky spareribs (those little bones were perfectly denuded of their succulent flesh when she was done) and we both tore into the deep fried brussel sprouts & char grilled octopus with relish. The grilled shrimp, Thai spicy papaya salad (loaded with sweet crab meat) & mushroom agedashi tofu were all winners as well...we had to take pie home as we had no hope of enjoying any right after the tasty tapas treats.
    On our most recent visit, the blustery cold sent us straight to ramen (after a tasty starter of shrimp cracker fries...fantastico!); my lovely spouse gave the house bowl
 (  silky smoked chicken broth & sweet slow cooked pork shoulder)  two thumbs up. My vegetarian bowl was amazing and now holds my title for best vegetarian broth in town (at least in the casual restaurant category). Superb! The noodles were properly chewy and flavorful.
     Oh, and about those pies we took home: the heirloom apple with spices and chantilly cream was a by the numbers, tasty pie with no surprises but plenty of flavor while not at all cloying (my main complaint of many fruit pies). The chocolate & white chocolate peppermint cream pie was an absolute delight; fluffy, sweet, tart, rich and refreshing all at once.
     The space is a stylish remodel of the Reginelli's that used to occupy the location (now across the street)., with light wood everywhere and a bit of a fusion of rustic farmhouse meets modern Asian vibe. The staff is friendly and efficient. One complaint: none of the seats have backs, but that is a small price to pay for stellar noodles.After hearing a great deal about Noodle and Pie (some good, some bad), I was very satisfied with my first visit here. Note that we came early in the dinner shift, and I wasn't very hungry; nevertheless, I enjoyed everything and will be back. All of the small plates worked well, especially the beef hearts. Everyone was pleased with the ramen, and the pie was top notch.I've now been to Noodle & Pie twice, which is not very impressive since it is a short walk from my apartment. My first visit was for dinner, and both my girlfriend and I enjoyed our meals but were somewhat underwhelmed. I guess that's why it took me so long to go back.
On my second visit today for lunch, I liked it much more. I don't remember what I ate the first time, but today I had the kimchi rice bowl, which was very good. There was a great mix of flavors and textures and it really hit the spot. I could have eaten even more. My friend had the house bowl (ramen) and said that it was delicious. Maybe I'll try that next time.
We shared a piece of apple pie for dessert. Sadly, I was quite unimpressed again. I always like my apple pie served warm; this one was cold. The crumble on top was thin and the bacon pieces were small and few in number. I guess I just expected more from a place that has "pie" in its name. 
No issues with price or service, so I'll gladly give it another go.We would begin the experience by a cold greeting at the door, later finding out it was the manager. From there it continued downhill. You can all put the puzzle pieces together. Service, ehhhh, especially with overpriced tiny portions, I understand tapas but, w/o WoW factor involved it doesn't deserve $9 for 2 bites each. The spoons for the noodle bowls require the mouth of a horse to fit them in. Highlight of the night, not the noodles or the pie but, the house made pickles. It's a fun space to dine in if you like to eat with people you don't know as the tables on the wall are very close. To each his own.............This place is new so expect it to evolve and improve as it finds its niche.  That being said, I loved it.  Great, knowledgeable waitstaff, promt service.  Short but adequate drink menu.  The pork belly appetizer was unbelievable.  My date and I both got the ramen.  I got the house special and she got the Matador.  There are a number of options to add to your choice bowl, we both added the pork.  We thought it was delicious, rich, and savory.  
The place has a great cozy feel, open kitchen, hip lighting.  Prices were very reasonable as well.  We will be going back in the near future and can't wait to see how this place develops and improves.phenomenal food with exceptional service. cannot go wrong with shrimp french fries, pork belly, or specialty bowl. The reese's pie was the best!Let me preface by saying any review when a restaurant is new is only worth so much.  That said, I will get straight to the point. The food is ok, not bad not great, just not special.  Chinese spareribs were good but overly salty. A little starch like rice to offset the salt would have helped.  The grilled octopus was fine, not great.  The matador was the ramen I ordered.  Broth was not flavorful enough.  Oddly, they had no pork broth ramen on the menu.  
By now you are wondering why they still get 4 stars despite mediocre food.  Two reasons. Service was very good, especially for a new restaurant. And secondly, the pie was amazing, as in the best banana cream pie I've ever had in my life. Life changing pie. Light, fresh, didn't rely on sugar...  I will definitely return if for no other reason than for more pie.REDNECKS 'DO' RAMEN!
I'll start by saying that my experience here was SO BAD that I had to go and start a Yelp account just so I could warn others. I'm not one to use the internet or blogoshpere to bash places, but this was so criminally bad I had to make an exception!
Where to begin? The decor? Well, let's just say the place looks like a Eurotrash hair salon. Somewhere you'd expect to see Adam Sandler from 'You Don't Mess With the Zohan'. Orange walls. Bright teal floor. Cheesy multi-colored bulbs hanging over the bar. Everything looks cheap and gaudy. And it is LOUD -- both in volume and in decor. A far cry from the exterior of the place...which is a subtle blue-gray color with nice graphics and vibe on great corner of Magazine. From the outside you think you're headed to a top-notch Ramen shop and about to have an amazing experience. The moment you set foot inside, it all goes to hell.
The host/manager was cold and unwelcoming. The staff was inattentive and unprofessional. It felt as if you were on a sinking ship and the crew had accepted their inevitable demise. Considering the place was virtually empty during the peak of dinner rush, my guess is business has been less than stellar...and I would soon come to find out why.
The food was laughable. Now, I don't expect to get NYC/SF/Los Angeles quality Ramen in New Orleans. That's a bit of a pipe dream, so I wasn't even expecting much. But this bad? WOW. Our appetizers were cold. The green papaya salad came with papaya that wasn't even ripe, thus inedible. Spareribs were rubbery like a McRib. The noodles weren't fully cooked - al dente ramen, is that even possible? The broth tasted awful, and it seems they tried to mask the 'flavor' by adding tons of salt. I've had better Top Ramen and Cup-of-Noodles; no exaggeration! You could tell these guys only know how to cook southern/creole food, because everything had that type of flavoring and preparation. I couldn't help but wonder if anyone on the crew has ever set foot outside of New Orleans to SF/LA/Seattle/NYC to taste what real ramen shops cook up -- highly doubtful.
We were planning to get pie, but by the time we finished our dinner we couldn't wait to get out of there. In fact, we ended up having to go eat somewhere else right afterwards because everything we ordered was damn near inedible and we were still starving.
The whole experience is sad because for many people in New Orleans, especially college kids in the uptown area, this will be their first exposure to a Ramen house. It is such a far cry from what they could normally come to expect. I can only guess it will leave a bad taste in their mouth -- literally and figuratively. Then again, based on some of the positive reviews here, it seems like people don't know any better what great ramen should taste like, so why even bother to cook proper ramen? Noodle and Pie is just a poor attempt to cash in on the Ramen boom happening in America. Nothing worse than places that exploit a type of food/culture and do it ZERO justice. Culinary ignorance at its worst.
Save your time and money and avoid this place! If you're still dying to have a bowl of ramen, head over to Booty's (in the Bywater) or Lucky Rooster, where you can get a ramen bowl that is a million times better (although the latter is more of a Chinese soup than a true Ramen bowl. Still a better bet!).BLUF:  I would go back for the small plates but not for the noddle bowls (just not my style).  
Awesome atmosphere even though there are uptown yuppies everywhere.  College restaruant.  Staff was over worked our night but they were good.
Started off with the green samari sake drink.  It was pretty good but not spectacular.  sake with green tea.
We started with the fries.  They were super awesome.  We split the small.  I kinda feel like you would almost be completely full if you ate a whole small by yourself.  there is a lot going on with the fries and it is great.
Then got the calamari.  Comes with a very interesting dressing on the side and lettuce to wrap them up.  Very very good.  Great flavor.
Then we got the spicy shrimp papaya salad.  Sounded super intesting but it was not very good.  The only flavor it had was spicy.  Waaay too spicy.  Couldnt even finish it.  The slice the shrimps in half lengthwise so you think you got more shrimp than you did.   Not a fan.
Then for the main dish we split a small bowl of the house bowl which was bbq pork.  It was pretty good but i am just not a fan of that kinda stuff. I dont like pho and i dont really dig this noodle bowl.  
I would go back and get all small plates and a piece of pie for dessert.  i was dissapointed i didnt leave room for dessert.  pies looked great.yum! loved the green beans, ramen, and pie!! dog friendly outdoor seating -- our waitress brought over some treats and even a tennis ball to entertain my puppy! will definitely be back.Way overpriced.  I ordered the house bowl and the Strawberry Pie.
While the ramen was tasty, there was only a small handful of noodles in my bowl and one strip of meat along with the usual garnishings.
I've never had strawberry pie before, but it wasn't anything special and again very small portion for an American restaurant.  Especially for $6.50 a slice
Total was $19.20 and I left hungry.
Service was inattentive.  
I give it two stars because the restaurant itself along with the little food I did get was decent.Noodle & Pie seemed like a strange concept, but it caught my attention so we tried it! The restaurant is modernized Japanese and fits right in on Magazine St. with the opening window-doors. 
I didn't care too much for the cocktails and drinks...but my favorite had to be the Korean Fried Chicken. The ramen had a deep, brothy flavor and could be soy sauce-based. It's not quite an authentic interpretation of Japanese ramen, but it's decent. Slightly disappointed with the ramen, but the Korean Fried Chicken made up for that. We had our "Noodle" but didn't have room for pie so hopefully, I'll get to try the pie next time!I got the chicken bowl and my boyfriend got the house bowl. I gave it two thumbs down and he called his lackluster. not a ton of flavor, undercooked noodles, disappointing service.  definitely going to stick to eating pho instead. 
the pie was good, we split a piece of blueberry with lemon whipped cream and a piece of peach pie with whipped cream. I could definitely make better at my own house. I'm bummed this place let me down!The only reason why I would give this place a 2 is because of the decor and pies. The drinks here are way overpriced and the food is very salty. The end.I had the summer miso ramen. My first thought was, wow, what a small bowl. The ramen was good, broth was seasoned well and a little spicy, but the broth WASNT HOT! It was just above warm. I'm used to having really hot broth when I eat noodles. The portion was small too. I asked for bean sprouts instead of egg, and of course they charged me (very small portion too). Actually all the vegetable toppings were tiny. The ramen has a potential to be a 4.5, but it was a 3. Better portion sizes are needed for an $11 small bowl of veggie ramen.
I also tried one of their home made shrub sodas--fermented watermelon with vinegar, sugar, and soda water. I couldn't really taste the watermelon at all. To me it tasted like a pretty pink version of chinese prune juice. It was interesting how close the taste was. 
Service was a 4. Food was a 3. Atmosphere 4.5
Not sure how they usually do. I showed up just before 6 on a Thursday night and there was only two other tables.Noodle & Pie is outside the New Orleans tourist circuit but maybe that's a good thing. The Magazine Street corridor is teeming with unique, small restaurants catering to local clientele and Yelpers in-the-know.
The odd combo of ramen and pie drew my friend and me to the restaurant. We dashed for a late lunch and was warmly welcomed by the waitress.
In short order, everything we ate was pretty good! The fried calamari came with lettuce leaves and citrus lime dipping sauce. The appetizer was Asian influenced and a nice change from Italian tomato-based seafood. Calamari is one of my favs and this lightly battered, non-greasy rendition was right up there.
The deep fried Brussels sprouts had a delicious Asian sweet and sour glaze with fried garlic chips and cilantro. Excellent and a MUST when ordering. Check out my photos.
My entree was a Summer miso ramen with added pork belly as recommended. Awesome flavors. I just ordered the regular size and was plenty full. 
We were so full that unfortunately we passed on the pies. Maybe next time. The food and neighbor friendly service will bring us back!We went last night and it was FABULOUS!  The food was so delicious, fresh, and different.  Fun decor and even the kids enjoyed it.  We will definitely be back!I recently ate at Noodle and Pie for the first time and I was.....very impressed. The menu is eclectic and fun.  The Brussel sprouts were amazing, the shrimp croquette good, and the house ramen bowl delicious.  The noodles are top notch and the broth packed a big umami punch.  I wasn't crazy about the cocktail I ordered, a sake based cocktail.  The only big drawback to this place is the seating : the chairs have no backs. For people with back problems, like myself, this means that I can't linger over dinner.This restaurant is very cute and good food. Though none of the meals are inherently vegan, wait staff was very accommodating about what could be vegNized. Ordered the green onion pancake appetizers (like scallion pancakes, deep fried and wonderful), vegetable ramen & drink. Staff let us stay way later than restaurant was supposed to be open because we got there close to closing and food took a while to come. Very nice waitstaff and good food, though ramen was a little bland.It's no Momofuku but it's pretty good for noodle bowls. The server was friendly and knowledgable. Gave us lots of suggestions on sake and how much to order. He was spot on. It's nice when servers know their menu.
Great pie. We got the coconut with chocolate on top and it was pretty frickin' good. 
We were there on a week night and it was a mix of couples and young families with kids. Fun atmosphere.I was so excited to see that NOLA finally has a new ramen spot in town!  I came here spontaneously one night with a few girlfriends and I'm happy to say that we were all incredibly impressed!  New Orleans doesn't have many ramen restaurants, so whenever the opportunity to try a new place that serves it presents itself, I'll definitely take it!  Noodle and Pie is located where Reginelli's used to be (now across the street) and I must say that the decor of the restaurant is adorable!! We absolutely enjoyed the quirky light fixtures, which created a great ambiance. 
Ok now on to the good part!  We ordered the shrimp fries to start with.  They were pretty darn yummy, but I just wished there were more fries part of the dish!  Then for our entrees we ordered three different ramen to share so we all could get a sample of each: the house bowl, and two of the specials (duck and crabmeat).  To our surprise they were all delicious!  Just a tad bit salty for my taste, but I'd much rather it that way than be too bland.  My personal favorite was the house bowl; the slow-cooked pork shoulder was delectable!  My other two friends loved the crabmeat, which also included corn!  Is it the best ramen in the world? No, but considering the small list nola has to offer in the department, I'll gladly take what I can get.  We honestly loved them all so it was difficult to pick a favorite; it just depends on your taste preferences because they are different.  I highly suggest going with a few people and ordering a few bowls to share with everyone. You want to get the most out of trying new places, and that's a good way to fulfill it!  Sadly, we were not able to try the pies, but we definitely will the next time we come back!
Service was great. And it totally didn't hurt that our server was a cutie and completely genial and accommodating.  He most certainly took good care of us and offered recommendations.
The only con I could find was that the ramen was a bit pricey for the serving size, but honestly it is uptown so I wouldn't expect anything less.  It's a small price to pay for a new food venture.  
I must say that I am extremely excited to have a good ramen place near my school!  Definitely see many lunch dates at Noodle and Pie in the near future!I love me some noodles, and I love me some pie, so what's not to love here? Nothing, that's what. Me and the wifey each ordered a different ramen bowl, and each had very vibrant and unique flavors. The homemade noodles are awesome, and of a perfect texture and consistency. We also had the fried brussel sprouts for an appy, and although I am usually not a fan of brussel sprouts, I loved these...had some sort of honey glaze and tempura crunchies...very tasty. Unfortunately, we didn't have room for dessert, so no pie...have to try that next time. Service was a little off...not bad, just not great and a little spacey. Not enough to complain. I'll be back...Fantastic house-made ramen noodles. Always start with the brussel sprouts then the vegetarian kae dama add corn with a dark beer or two. Usually take the pie home because I'm stuffed after that. Chef Brian does a fantastic job. Absolutely worth a stop in!Two words- brussel sprouts. The best dish ever.  Also really enjoyed the Green Papaya Salad - nice and hot! House noodle bowl was very good- full of flavor.  But you must have the brussel sprouts!Great healthy options and prices fairly. Quaint yet swanky decor. Efficient and courteous servicePros:
I find the atmosphere to be fun and inviting. The service has always been great with plenty of staff around to help you out. What seems to be the manager is always around making sure everything is running smoothly and I like that. Food comes quickly.
Cons:
It's wildly overpriced in my opinion especially considering the portion sizes. I've been here several times but the last time my partner and I went and we both got very sick on our walk home. A day later and my stomach is still in pain. Now, I don't know if this is because something was old/rotten or wrong with their dish OR something I ate just doesn't sit well with my stomach in general. I have The Matador ramen dish and my partner had The Original ramen dish. I'm lactose intolerant and I basically feel as if I ate a tub of icecream even though there was no milk products in my dish. 
I imagine I'll be back but I won't be having their ramen any time soon.If you're an uptight hipster, then you probably shouldn't go here either, though it feels like everyone in this place needs to listen to Indie, have skinny jeans on, and work at a bicycle shop. The tables are way too close together to your neighbor, and unless you want to listen to the Sorority sisters next to you talk about "super fun and awesome formals" and how "like John is such a jerk," then I would come with more than just a party of 2. 
I started with the Green Papaya salad and it was ok, but the crab had shells in it and both my date and I got some in our mouth.  We both ordered the House Bowl which came with two very skinny, rubbery pieces of pork that were difficult to eat with chopsticks. The soft-boiled egg was good, the dried nori was different, and the little mushrooms were delightful as was the broth.  All this in mind, 10 bucks for a small bowl of ramen is not worth it! 
The apple pie that we ordered was really good. 
So, the pro's and con's even each other out and I give this a 3. I will not return unless I take my hipster cousin from New York when he is in town for the next Mumford and Sons Show.So I will start off saying that I have eaten a lot of Asian food in my life. I am from San Francisco and used chopsticks before a fork. This place is doing a good job in a city that does an awful job with Asian cuisine, besides Vietnamese food of course! The place was fun, the food was solid! It is really hard to find octopus in this city! We  got the blue crab Shio Ramen which could have been in a bigger bowl but was yummy none the less. I think they should buy new bowls and spoons. Now lets get back to the food, brussel sprouts A+, Agedashi A+ (if you don't know what this is maybe you should eat somewhere else) and grilled octopus tender. The wine suggestion was perfect and our waiter was very sweet and not weird about our well behaved baby being with us. Clearly, people that gave it a bad review don't understand this type of food. I look forward to seeing them tighten up their game a little and really wow us. I will definitely be back.My husband and I enjoyed an amazing meal at Noodles and Pie tonight. We had the duck and shrimp/octopus to start (and spare ribs) and all were delicious. We also ordered the house and special noodle bowls. The hen broth was sumptuous and the crab and fish cakes super fresh in special bowl. The house made sodas are also super yummy and the pie...banana cream was my choice...best pie I have had since my grandmother passed away. Definitely will be back. This place will be one of our go tos. We love good food...from French Laundry to Commander's to Stella to Inn at Little Washington. This place has good food and is an excellent value. Compliments to the chef.Really fantastic. Quite unique for NOLA.  I had the house ramen and it was filled with complex flavors inside a beefy rich broth.  The brisket ramen is phenomenal. The crab is tasty but you wish there was actually crab in it.  The  homemade noodles were delicious. I'd get the large noodle bowl if you are really hungry, but consider the small bowls of you want pie later.  
Pros:  quick and dirty noodle bowl.  Perfect for a cool rainy night.  Rich broth.  Tasty noodles.  The pies are delicious. Brussels sprouts were delicious.  Not too expensive for dinner at $11 for large bowl.
Cons:  None really. This place is fantastic.The service was excellent, but this was the single worst dining experience I have had in New Orleans.  I felt like this was a group of hipsters trying to cash in on the latest trend.  I would have rather cooked chicken breast and put it in to Cup Noodles.
All in all, average tasting food (difficult to eat also, don't put slabs of meat in soup with no knife, and dont put small grain rice with out a fork/spoon), and a major try-hard vibe. Also WILDLY overpriced.
If your looking for noodles, cook the ramen yourself or go get Pho.The home made ramin noodles are delicious!  We are vacationing & staying in the warehouse district & it was worth a special trip to eat lunch here.  I ordered the house ramin bowl, which had an amazing broth base.  It also had fresh baby spinach, mushrooms, sliced pork, a soft boiled egg & green onions on top of those yummy noodles.  My husband ate the vegetarian noodle bowl with pork belly, which had a delicious miso broth base, tofu, shredded Napa cabbage & soft boiled egg over the ramin.  
Split the grapefruit pie for dessert, which we would not order again.  We LOVE key lime pie so do like citrus, sour & sweet flavors together.  This pie was a little weird.  It had light & citrus flavor, on top of a delicious crust (tasted like a graham cracker & ground nut crust) but grapefruit was floating in what appeared to be basically grapefruit jello on top.  Again, just too weird - I was expecting a really good citrus curd as this pie base.
We both gave our noodle bowls & service & staff friendliness 5 stars each.  The pie was 2stars out of 5.  Will definitely eat here again & try a different pie next time we visit NOLA.  Absolutely LOVE the logo! not enough for a Chinese girl. The regular size is too small. And the spoon is too big. Looks "interesting"I've had much better Ramen elsewhere, but not in New Orleans. All the reviews were correct about the staff, Really nice people In there.  If you want to splurge add the pork belly as they do it very well here. 
It's kind of hard to save room for pie after you eat ramen. The lemongrass ginger iced tea had free refills, some places may have charged. I'll try it again and to apps and pie.The food was delicious. We had the okonomiyaki fries (delicious, could've been a little more crispy for my taste), the calamari (with a nice dipping sauce) and korean BBQ chicken (a little heavy on the ginger and light on the heat).
But the ramen is the star. I had the crab and pork ramen and it was lovely. The egg was perfectly cooked and the tonkatsu pork was delicious. The broth was really deep and flavorful and had a nice crab background flavor.
The service was good, the waitress was attentive, but the kitchen seemed to be in over its head at times. There was a large party of 10-12 people and that seemed to throw them for a loop (when you have only two people cooking, perhaps a table that large shouldn't be seated?).
It took nearly an hour for all of our food to come out and the chef was in a cranky mood (we could hear him since we were sitting at the bar). When you have an open kitchen and people are seated 6 feet from you it's probably best to keep a tight lip.
All of that said, it was worth the wait. The food is really good.My party ordered the fries as a small plate. It was good, but it stops there. We ordered 2 ramen dishes and 1 rice dish. The kimchi in the rice dish was so salty, I think it gave me blisters. The other  ramen dishes, was a weird mixture of stuff. The noodles didn't taste homemade. I'd even say bagged Ramen noodles taste better. First time trying the place and it will be our last.This place is the place to go to get fresh ramen. Kinda overpriced but overall I was impressed. They are creative with their dishes. The pie was also delicious. I'd skip the avocado pure lol.Was walking through town after hitting up Audubon Park, and myself and my travelling companion (we're on a short trip here to New Orleans) saw this place.  I love ramen - who doesn't - so we decided to stop in.
I ordered the regular House Bowl, as I wasn't super hungry, and it was the right amount of food for me.  If I hadn't had a big breakfast, I would definitely have needed to get the large to be satisfied, though I have no idea how large the large is...
The ramen was very good, to my taste.  It had a unique, strong flavored broth that I ended up drinking the majority of after the noodles and meat were gone, some delicious enoki mushrooms, a soft egg, and two slices of pork shoulder.  The pork was good; it was not totally devoid of all flavor like some boiled meats that get thrown into ramen bowls.
The kicker was the fantastic piece of pie at the end.  Bacon bourbon apple pie.  The bacon and bourbon weren't super strong flavors, but it was a darn good piece of apple pie.  The only knock is the price, I guess.  It was about 20 bucks each, and she didn't even get a drink.  Honestly though, it wasn't that bad a value compared to some of the food we've purchased on this trip to New Orleans.  If I was a local, I'd definitely make this one of my regular spots.Love the interior design. Very modern mixed traditional feel. Went with a company of 3. Ordered 3 house bowls and the korean fried chicken. Cost was a tad overpriced for the amount and quality of the food recieved. The chicken was really tasty 6/10. Then came the noodles. The noodles themselves were really good 7/10. The condiments in the noodles were average. Did not really enhance the overall dish. The broth was extremely salty 2/10. Aside from the saltiness, there was a slight bitter after taste that was not too pleasant. Overall rating for the house noodles dish 2.5/10...Good location and cute deco but beside that, this place is a total yuck!! The noodle broth, their main dish, is so plain and tasteless. I couldn't taste any flavor at all. The owner is American, so do the chefs. Common, if you want to make good Asian food you have to know how it taste.If you're a true ramen lover, shouldn't come here. Salty, bland, and buttery. Only thing good was the service, the pecan pie, and fries.First and only place New Orleans that has ramen that's amazing. Compared to Tatsuya in Austin and Tiger Den in Houston, noodle and pie is quite up there. First off, I love the location that is tucked in a neighborhood, but parking may be a problem. The atmosphere is nice and hipster-ish with nice service. 
Food wise, they had a limited choice for lunch, which in most ramen places is a norm. I forgot what I had, but it was delicious!    !! Not only was it flavorful, the quantity was more than any ramen place I have been for the same price! Extra big plus from big guy like me! The special fries they have are a MUST HAVE as well! So flavorful and delicious and worth the extra ten bucks. Definitely would make a stop here when I come back to New Orleans!This is a great new place!  
Service was excellent and the bartender and waitstaff really made sure our experience was pleasant.  
I ordered the vegetarian ramen and my boyfriend ordered the Matador.  The service was quick, considering it was very Busy.  We also had the pecan/ bacon pie.  SO GOOD.
We will definitely be back!If I could give a lower rating, I would.  White boys making their version of ramen.  I'm not sure why this place thinks ramen should be bland, tasteless.  I went there the second time to get a tonkotsu (Hakata) ramen that they had a picture of on a review they had posted in their window.  Of course when I asked for that they informed me that was a special that they weren't serving that day. ok, so I ordered their house bowl.  The house bowl tastes like water and dirt.  I added a bunch of flavorings to make it palatable, but all in all...awful.  I have been to Japan (Fukuoka) at least ten times and I realize that ramen in America isn't going to be as good as that, but Jeez.  Just stop.  Pie was OK.I can't stay away for too long. The food is amazing, especially the Brussels sprout appetizer. Order the large! We went full heat on the green papaya salad without regret. The ribs! The croquettes! The calamari!  The Korean chicken! Funnily enough, my least favorite dish is the Ramen, although it is quite good. I can't help but go heavy on the appetizers because they are so full of flavor.  I'm usually too full for pie, but it happens on occasion! The servers are very friendly, sometimes a little too friendly, but very accommodating overall. And i love that Japanese dry beer for $4! The only thing that is ever a drag is how tight  the banquette tables are placed. I'm not into the rear end-in-face maneuver it takes to get into one's seat. Still, the food!!!I'm so impressed!
This was unbelievably tasty for the price.  We had the shrimp cracker fries and beef heart as appetizers, both of which were delicious.  But, the fries took the case-- they were unlike any other I'd had in New Orleans.  
For our entrees, I had the crab bowl, and my boyfriend had the duck bowl.  I still can't decide which I like more, and I haven't been this excited about leftovers in a long time.  These aren't your normal noodle bowls-- the noodles are made in house fresh EACH day!
Probably the best part, though, was our chocolate coconut almond pie!  If parking was easier here, I'd go back just to get pies to go.  In fact, I wonder if they will sell me an entire pie to go next time I'm in...I hope the pie is better than the noodle was. My sister and I tried this restaurant for the first time last night and we weren't very impressed. I had the house bowl, which tasted a bit like I was drinking pure soy sauce. Her crab and pork belly bowl was interesting, but I didn't love that one either. 
The interior of the restaurant is cute, the wait staff was nice, but if you're looking for a delicious, authentic ramen experience, I would look elsewhere.The ramen and food are consistently average.  I would not come back here again to eat.  The flavors are bland and boring and was impressed by any of the dishes they served. 
HOWEVER, their desserts/pies were amazing.  The pies are probably some of the best I've ever tried.  This place is worth the trip for their pies and desserts, but I would advise you find another place to eat your meal and stop by here for dessert.Shari V and I tried Noodle and Pie for 2 reasons:  Eater 38 and we love ramen.  I guess we also love pie, but that wasn't the real reason.  Much love for ramen.  If you are even in DC, check out Toki Underground.
Anyway, I liked the atmosphere of N&P.  Walked in and we were seated right away.  It's a handsome space with good lighting.  The restaurant starts to get loud as it fills up.  Not loud in a bad way, but loud like a restaurant should be on Friday night.  Our server was Kimberly who was extremely  helpful.  She oriented us to the restaurant and made a few recommendations based on her personal favorites.
We tried the okonomiyaki fries and spare ribs for appetizers.  Fries were the first and best thing we had for the night. Made with some really tasty sauces and bonito flakes.  Good sized portion.  The spare ribs had a very nice flavor.  Cooked with a peanut sambal sauce which had a little spicy kick.  They were just too tough.  They looked small and had a nice layer of fat on the outside.  I expected them to fall off the bone.  They did not.  Still, at this point, I remained optimistic.  Aside from the leathery texture of our spare ribs, the flavors have been good.
I ordered the house ramen and Shari V ordered the Kimchi something or other.  It was a rice bowl with fried pork.  My ramen had a shoyu chicken broth and was served with pork shoulder, egg, greens and mushrooms.  The noodle was classic ramen.  My problem was with the broth.  Hard to put into words, but the broth was a little too smoky.  They have some salt seasoning at the table that helped, but still, the broth with mushrooms and greens tasted more like a weird soup instead of ramen.  My girlfriend's Kimchi was pretty bland.  I just had one bite, but the fried pork loin tasted like shake-and-bake.  In my mind, that was just a bad order.  It's a ramen joint.  Get ramen.  I digress.
The name of the restaurant is Noodle and Pie, so of course I'm going to get pie.  I ordered the double crust apple pie.  I had a few bites, and called it quits. It tasted like something from the grocery store.  Maybe my expectations were too high.  But if you are going to put "pie" in the name of the restaurant, you've got to have some pretty damn good pie.  This was mediocre.  
Even though I gave these guys a pretty harsh review, I might repeat.  I love ramen and they have a tonkotsu style ramen, which might be better.  
Shari V quote:  "Best part of my meal was the coke."5 stars for the pie, 3 stars for the ramen.  (i'm sure once they tweak it, they will knock it out of the park every time for both).  
they were playing really good hip hop/funk pandora station, i believe.  I think i heard some Del Tha Funkee Homosapien, which adds 1/2 a star to any review. 
Ramen+fixins was good but broth was too salty.  
the shrubs were delicious as well.   watermelon chili was super refreshing.  
on a side note:  the Ramen+Shrub combo was a really great hangover cure, for me at least.  
the blueberry/peach pie was incredible.  i nearly attacked my date for the last bite.   i want to come back and try all of them.  Note to owners:   DO NOT CHANGE recipe one bit.  not at all. was perfect.  crust was amazing.  i loved the pie.  did i say that already?  
not a big fan of the "group" tables because it means that you will get your food before the strangers who were seated in front of you.  Then they get to watch you slurp noodles and will maybe even ask you questions about them mid bite.  Reward them by smacking your lips while chewing and responding with your mouth full of poached egg.I've eaten here twice. The first time was delicious. The second time... not so much. 
Unfortunately I had gotten my order togo  and did not know it was off until I was already stuffing my extremely hungry face. 
The broth was disgusting  and had a very pungent fermented taste to it... with salt. It had no rich or complex taste that I would normally expect. 
The Brussel sprouts were also very bland compared to similar I've had in the city. It was like they cooked them in a pound of butter and nothing else really. 
The veggie/ vegan broth tasted alright this go around. Hence the 2 stars. 
For the price you pay ... I will most likely never go back or recommend.I hate to be one of those customers who give a one just because I had a terrible experience with whomever run their social media, which may be an angry teenager. So I'll try to be as fair as possible. 
Atmosphere and location: it is in a quaint corner spot with a few outside seatings. Street parking wasn't too terribly hard to find. The seats weren't too comfortable but it was cute. There was hard wood everything. Immediately I look for the pies, thinking they would be showcased but later found out that they store them in the back. It was very casual, and family friendly. 
Food: I got the house ramen, with the pork, mushrooms, soft boiled egg and spinach. The broth was a bit too salty for my taste, but I do appreciate that they have that chili power concoction (i always forget the Japanese name for it) that is usually given with japanese noodle soups. It was the first place in NOLA that serves it with their noodles. The spoons that were provided were literally mini ladles, more appropriate for serving than eating from. It was slightly uncomfortable.
Pricing: I got the regular bowl, which was $11, I finished it in about 7 min (I know because I posted an IG photo, and checked it when I finished) with about 5 bites, I suppose is not hard with such a big "spoon". At home in Seattle, I can pay the same price and customize my ramen completely, down to the texture of the noodle and what soup base I want. And my friends order a slice of pie each. The slices were average size but were each $6.50. For that price I want to be able to say it's the best pie I've ever tasted but it wasn't, it was decent. 
Service: when I was in the restaurant, our server seems nice. We didn't have a lot of interaction with her, but we had no issue with her. She helped us split our check and we tipped her accordingly. But a few days later, their IG account commented on mine very rudely, using the word "shit". They asked me why I told my friend that the ramen "wasn't worth it," and I answered honestly, critically and professionally. To which they replied something along the line of "if you don't like what we do, good luck to ya buddy, go get hook on that pho". Nowhere on my IG do I say what my ethnicity is. & to be frank, pho isn't one of the food I'm fond of. I posted a picture of this conversation in the photo section, which idk if they have the ability to delete or not. This keeps me from wanting to go back and trying other items on their menu. I was really curious about their curry dish, because I love Japanese curry.What a cute little place and very nicely decorated with colorful lights. Service was so welcoming and excellent. Appetizers took pretty long to arrived. However, my bone marrow appetizers are such a great start. It is pretty expensive for an appetizer and the portion are really small. Then came the ramen, the house bowl. Presentation was great and exciting! Ramen noodles are okay though. It tastes pretty bland to me, but the meat has a good flavor. Overall, I wasn't impressed nor disappointed. Let's just say it was a neutral experience.Great meal! The fried brussel sprouts were awesome. My friend and I fell in love with the ramen and the service and the fun and vibrant atmosphere!There's no room for debate really, on the level of quality at Noodle and Pie, and New Orleans is lucky to have such great stewards of ramen.
Order extra noodles, the larger soup, and the daily specials. My suburban mom loved her crispy Louisiana shrimp salad, friends were amazed with their different soups and really enjoyed the Korean fried chicken appetizer, as well as a fresh beet and carrot juice. Also, my chef friends eat here.
The service is efficient, and not too buggy.
In regards to some previous reviews haggling over a few dollars: do not be ignorant to the fact that you get what you pay for. These same amateurs probably drop $20 on fast food drive-thru once a week.Noodle and pie is one of those places that people rave about.  Upon entry, you would notice that the place is hip and trendy.  It presents a warm and inviting ambiance.  The tables are cute and intimate.  Service is pretty good.  What we thought was lacking was the food and flavors in the food.  The food presents well but the flavors weren't there.  Borderline bland.  We got the chicken ramen and the chicken rice bowl.  Although the rice bowl had good flavors it still was missing something.  The chicken ramen was served in a bowl that did not compensate for the spinach and was lacking the appropriate amount of broth.  They also gave us a ladle as a soup spoon.. talk about awkward... I'd give the ambiance and service a 4 star but the food would be 2-2.5 at best.  There are other ramen places that definitely hit the spot and make you feel like wow this ramen is good.  Noodle and pie just didn't do it for me.Incredible tasty ramen. I got the veggie ramen and it was super good...full of flavor. I've had ramen other places and it was really fatty but this was perfect.
i can't wait to come back to NOLA just for the ramen here!Conveniently on Magazine St is this super cool Noodle and Pie stop. With a wide range of noodles, you'll definitely find something to satisfy your hunger, especially with their large servings. Unfortunately, only the noodles are good here. Their pie is extremely overpriced for such a small serving. Really disappointed with the pie serving.I'm giving Noodle & Pie two stars for the service, the house made blueberry shrub drink, and the lemon pie filling. Everything else, from food to design, was awful.
First off, I cannot believe a restaurant would furnish their tables with all stools! Unless you get a seat along the wall, where you can rest your back, you have to sit through your dinner miserably uncomfortable. I've got a pretty small butt and I had no extra room on that stool to even rest my hand, so, I can't imagine how awful it would be for a bigger person spilling over the chair. 
Second, like commenter Craig C said, come on, WTH is up with restaurants offering wines by the glass at no less than $11 and $12???? Especially when appetizers and entrees cost less! There was one less expensive white wine but I was in the mood for red. So I settled for a house made non-alcoholic drink, which was really good.
Third, um, really with the humungous spoons for the ramen bowls? Those spoons were so big it made eating the soup really difficult. I had to slurp the broth from the side of the spoon. I got the house bowl, and there was enough flavor, but too smokey for my taste. My friend and I shared the chicken meatball appetizer which was blander than bland.
I got a slice of the lemon pie with chantilly cream and a blueberry drizzle, and the filling was delicious! I also appreciated that it was a normal sized piece of pie, nothing gargantuan. However, the crust was awful. It was like eating soggy cardboard. 
The service made up for what the food lacked. Servers were friendly and attentive. Sadly, that's not enough to make me want to go back.Do not let all these 5 stars fool you. My first and last visit. Overpriced and small portions. Left hangry.This is one of the best bowls of ramen that I've had in a while. Everything just blended together really well with the egg and the mushrooms. The meat is just tender and melt in your mouth. I liked the calamari wraps that we got an as appetizer. The pie was a hit or miss - we had an apple pie that was served cold but their nutella pie was really delicious. I recommend getting a colder pie if you plan on getting oneDecor was cool, service was great. Honestly, the food was ok, but not worth the price that we paid. We started with the crab and watermelon salad, and the tamarind sauce on top was not good. Too sweet, no acid, and out of place with the rest of the dish. The ramen was ok, but $11 for a teeny tiny bowl. The pie was very tasty. All in all, $55 spent on a mediocre meal. Would not return.I usually drive to the Westbank when my noodle craving hits, but after trying Noodle and Pie I am happy to know I don't have to go so far. The bowls were absolutely delicious! Loved the french fries also! The pie seemed like an after thought, It is in the name after all. Although I am going for the Ramen not dessert. I WILL be back!Local great find. This is one of the restaurant near us always wanted to try it but they only do dinners so we kept missing their hours. But finally came and it was well worth it. They have great sake cocktails. They usually have a few on special mine was for 2 for 5$ sake punch.  
They have a really good pork belly too. It was good in ramen and in rice. And oh my the pies. Get a pie. Save room for the pie.Eh. I had high expectations but it was just meh. The noodles in the ramen were probably the best part of the meal. I wasn't a huge fan of the broth in the house bowl. I also had two of the small plates: pork belly and shrimp korokke. I expected a lot more flavor complexity but everything tasted like some version of soy sauce.
We wanted to try the chocolate pie but we were there late and there had run out. We tried the apple pie, which was great. The crust especially was wonderfully flaky. Maybe I should just go back for pie and try some more kinds.Kim was great behind the bar providing guidance in selecting the best combination of dishes for the evening. Beef hearts with white miso base were deliciously smokey and salty.  The pork belly was fatty enough to sastify and the 8 hour brisket ramen was yummy.  To wrap, the pumpkin pie was an excellent recommendation. Light enough and spicy enough to complete the Asian fare. 
The interior is spacious by Miami and NYC standards and I didn't get the hipster vibe some mentioned. A pounded copper bar top and a vibrant color scheme set to a soundtrack on par with a Tarintino movie made for a surreal experience. 
Overall check it out. Its across from the new reginillies location. Parking is on the street so be prepared to walk unless you get lucky.Had the kimchi katsu dan rice bowl, which was awesome. Pie was great, too. Cool space, good service.I had the coconut shrimp salad for lunch (see my pic).  The salad was tasty, seemed fresh, but way overpriced for only three shrimp and a very small salad at that. The wine by the glass options are also pricey, particularly for lunch.A friend and I were so excited to try this place. We both got the veggie bowls and couldnt finish either because of the salt level. We both also felt sick the rest of the night....very disappointing. Also severely overpriced- $14 for a bowl of veggie ramen is not a good deal/defeats the purpose of ramen.fries were good...ordered the house ramen with pork belly for him and chicken ramen for me.  Both of our ramen came out luke warm which we both preferred eating ramen at a more warm/hot temp.  My broth for my chicken ramen was very bland, and he thought the same about his house ramen broth.  Quaint little joint.  i'll probably stop in again to order the fries and wash it down with some of their nigori.The people who've bashed Noodle & Pie are clueless.  Especially the one who said its run by rednecks & the other one who didn't get the decor.  Ignore them... I had the deep fried brussell sprouts YUM!! Crunchy amazing bits.  The panko is a great addition to the dish bc so many places now have this on their menu.  Added extra crunch.  Next the Thai spicy papaya salad...  mine was minus the papaya hence the four stars.  It was def spicy almost too much at first.  It's a wonder combination of crunchy and soft between the cabbage, beans, crab & tomato.  It is spicy!! My fave of the three we ordered was the claypot pork belly *drool* I had a similar dish at Herb Saint recently & I prefer Noodle & Pie's.  Hate me, I don't care.  I could it that all day...
I cant get past the other reviews poor reviews...the person who wrote that she didnt get the menu obviously has a limited palette and no sense of adventure.  This place isn't for you, darling, so keep to McD's and Pizza Hut.I was expecting much much more from this place, at least that we could eat well. The service was good, but the ramen, the tofu appetizer, etc were just not even good enough to eat. There was something weird with the broth and I was not the only one who thought so. Just not a place where the food was on the spot, and after hearing so mich about it, was over $60 not well spent. Hope it gets better, cause the idea is great.We wanted to like this place so bad we even went back a second time to give it another chance after a disappointing first meal. Sadly, we were disappointed again. The ramen is very poorly executed compared to other ramen spots I've frequented in NYC and even Boston. The Tonkatsu had a layer of grease on it that was just too much. I ordered a summer vegetarian version that was basically a salad with lukewarm broth around it. The vegetables remained raw because the broth wasn't even hot enough to warm them through.  Fried calamari tasted like the oil was old and a chicken appetizer was more greasy than flavorful. 
Space is cool and service is friendly, if not a bit lacking in knowledge of the sake list. If the proprietors/chef could taste some really delicious, hot, authentic ramen and try to recreate that, this place could be really good.Before you dine at an upscale ramen house, you might want to weigh your personal values. Ask yourself the following questions:
1. Do you want to pay a 1,000-times markup ($13 versus 13 cents) for fancy house-made ramen versus the plastic-wrapped kind from the corner store? (Spoiler: The fancy kind does NOT taste 1,000 times better. Maybe 10 times better.)
2. Does a sleek, open-kitchen setting warmly lit by exposed, tinted Edison bulbs affect your decision?
3. Does excellent, efficient and all-around thoughtful-without-being-obsequious service affect your decision?
4. What about dessert? Do you want to pay $6 for a slice of pie that's pretty dang good but still twice the price of its diner counterparts?
After two days of contemplation, the answer I've arrived at for myself is "no." But I will go back for the early-bird special (app, ramen & pie for $16 between 5:30 and 7 p.m.).i really loved the deep fried brussel sprouts with panko crumbs.  i thought they were perfectly done, still crunchy on the inside, and the sweet sauce worked very well.  now the house ramen bowl i got - i'm not just ready to write home about it. maybe it's the fact that i'm not just plum crazy about fish based broth, but it was just a little bland for me.  now, i am MORE than willing to give this place another shot.  the decor is cool and it's a very inviting place.  and the pie i had - apple and pear with whipped cream - was fantastic.  i'm totally into checking out the pie - maybe even just hitting it up for a late piece of pie and later warming up to the ramen.I was very excited to go to Noodle and Pie.  When I first saw the sign that it would be opening,  I immediately got the, "I need my ramen fix" feeling.  Which to be honest, actually happens quite a lot as I eat a lot of noodles.
Anyway, my review is an average of 3 scores.  I would give the ramen probably between 2 and 2.5 stars, and the pie would be about 3 stars. Finally, 4 stars for very friendly service.
I had the House Bowl.  The smoked hen broth was tasty, although somewhat salty, with a hint of anise or cloves.  Although the anise and cloves could have been coming from the pork shoulder.  The slow cooked Pork Shoulder (aka Char siu) was more typically savoury five spice, soy, pepper, and not as sweet as you would typically want a char siu to be.  I got four thin slices.   The egg, they should have mentioned it to be soft boiled.  I am not really a fan of egg yolk, but I do like a raw egg to be cracked into my ramen or donburi, but the idea is that the rice or soup should be hot enough that it should partially cook the egg as you stir it in.  When the menu says 'fish cakes' you expect more than 1 fish cake, but there is only '1' fish cake. The shredded greens were seaweed (nori), which I don't really count as greens, because there wasn't enough of it to be a green, just a topping.  There was also a tiny bit of mushrooms, and some chopped stems of... I would say Bok Choy, Kong Choy, or Napa Cabbage.  Either way, since I didn't actually get the leafy green part of those veggies, I again felt it was severely lacking, especially since it was cut up to be an inch in length and 1/4 inch in width, and there were maybe 4 pieces, not even the size of an entire leaf!  The ramen itself was on the thicker side and under-cooked, and the amount in the bowl was less than half an instant noodle pack.  Given these shortcomings, I would say that I would not come back here to eat Ramen, as I can actually make better ramen myself at home.  There are also other joints in town that make better ramen, and give you more for the value.
Blueberry pie, made in-house.  The pie was served cold. loaded with blueberries (they weren't shy), and it was very delicious, however, it was very sweet and tasted like there were packs of sugar in each bite of blueberries, and there was also a film of sugar on the pie crust.  I think I was able to make it through my pie because of the whipped cream on top that offset the sweetness, and also because I was drinking a very bitter green tea matcha.  But I have to say it was getting really difficult with the last few bites.  I would say that I would probably come back to try another pie, but I might head down to Pies Pies Pies down the road first to try out what they have.
The Asian-Fusion that they are trying to go for in this restaurant is a bit lost.  If by Asian-Fusion they mean, pairing ramen with an american pie, sure why not.  But the dishes themselves are not very fusion.  Like when you go to a restaurant for Brunch, but they have a strict division between breakfast and lunch.I had a great dinner here with my husband last night. He mentioned the place before, with good reviews from his culinary coworkers. Yes, my husband is a chef. I do not lie about good food, much less make the effort to review it. It was that good! Small plates...we had the pork belly, the Brussels sprouts, and some fried, cheesy balls of goodness. All were delicious. We each had a Ramen bowl...I had the brisket, he had the seafood/pork themed one. I'm a devout carnivore and my brisket bowl hit the spot. My husband's was delicious as well, but my red meat craving makes me favor my choice. PIE...i had the banana cream dulce de leche. My husband had the sour cream pumpkin. His was smooth, creamy, rich. Mine was DIVINE! I almost had to stab his hand with my fork because he kept reaching across the table. 
Our server was friendly, polite, menu knowledgeable, and when we asked, his recommendations did not disappoint. Why can't all servers be like that??! I wish this place was closer to us. The trek uptown from Marigny was the only drawback to this great experience. We will return!It's really really good.  I was a bit skeptical to try it after rumors that it was going to close and it seemingly being somewhat sparse on clientele whenever I passed, but I like to support neighborhood joints, so I gave it a shot.  SUCH a good decision on my part.  The house noodle bowl was fantastic... I'm not an Asian noodle bowl purist or connoisseur, so keep that in mind - but I thought the flavors were incredible and the noodles were a great texture.  The noodles themselves almost reminded me of all the best features of lo mein, because they were a little bit oily but in a good way, and they were dense and delicious.  The broth was also really yummy.  Because I enjoyed it so much the first time (at lunch), I went back again for dinner - had the special bowl with pork belly.  It was spicier, but also delicious.  On my second visit, I tried the Brussels sprouts (they're awesome), coconut key lime pie (out of this world), and some kind of bellini-esque drink with house made fig syrup (really tasty).  
My only minor critique: portions are a bit small for the price.
In short, it is definitely worth a try, even amongst all of the other great offerings nearby.  I doubt you'll be disappointed.I wish there were half stars. Not quite a 4 here, but 3 doesn't seem fair. Hubs and I came here the week they opened, and left a bit disappointed. 
Today, that feeling remains. The food is not unlike the decor itself- eclectic and arresting, but ultimately lacks cohesion. 
Hubs got the ramen special- a deconstructed bowl with the noodles, protein, and fish cakes served cold alongside the hot broth. Perhaps this would of been more impressive if the fish cakes were house made, or at least tasted fresher. The broth itself was striking, surprisingly sweet yet at times at odds with the strong mushrooms seeping in it. Though perhaps put together in the hopes the bold flavors would complement and balance one another, instead they seemed to clash. 
The Chinese pancake appetizer was tasty, as was the butterfinger pie for dessert. However the pie, though delicious, was more along the lines of a light, peanut butter cheesecakeI've tasted ramen from Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia and here. Personally. It's not bad (taste is there and the broth is good) note that I had the tonkatsu. 
But disappointingly the size is disappointing to say the least. I mean everywhere I've eaten it. It's always been big even for regular. And it's the south here! So I recommend you to improve on this. Also. On your notices you mentioned ramen are meant to be eaten hot. I mean. It was not scalding hot. It should, it was a little more than warm at best. So improve on this too.Nice place to hang out with friends.. We loved the big circular table in the middle that seemed to seat 8 of us.. But for the price, the servings should be bigger portions..Ramen was overly salty. $12 also gets you a very small serving. Pie was good but the slice was tiny and $7.The servers were very friendly and helpful, but our food took a while.  The food itself was mediocre.  I had the special bowl (miso-based with crab meat) and my wife had the vegetable bowl.  It tasted like bachelor food.  We also had the s'mores pie as well as the peach and blueberry pie.  They were both overly sweet but not offensive.  Our onigiri appetizer was fairly tasty, but unwieldy - onigiri should be finger food.  Overall impression: lots of style, little substance.  I'm bummed!My friends and I have driven past Noodles & Pie countless times and have been dying to try it, but we probably shouldn't have. The ramen bowls were too small for what we paid and the ramen broth itself was way too salty. My friend ordered the spicy house ramen bowl, which was unreasonably spicy-- you literally couldn't taste anything because of how spicy the broth was. I genuinely like the 99 cent ramen from CVS more than this. 
Also, our waitress only interacted with us to take our order and give us the check; she didn't check in at any point during our meal, which would be slightly more understandable if it were busy (but it wasn't). 
However, the Brussels sprouts were very good!I can only speak to the pie. The sweet glorious pie we got to celebrate (you guessed it), Pie Day! Their strawberry is so good and hits all the right notes with a balance of sweet and tart. My wife got the chocolate and peanut butter, which is also amazing.Hands down the best ramen in New Orleans - which may not be saying much, since Noodle & Pie doesn't have a lot of competition in that department. But it serves up some seriously good bowls of ramen; maybe not quite as mind blowing as the ramen served up by places in NYC or LA, but definitely setting a high bar for ramen in New Orleans.
Those who are dim enough here to compare the ramen served up by Noodle & Pie with the shrink-wrapped 10-for-$1 variety are missing the point entirely (and should probably stick to shopping for their dinners in the convenience aisle at WalMart). They're about as close to each other as a Sysco frozen hamburger patty is to a filet mignon. Yes, $13 is a bit on the high side for "just" a bowl of ramen - but the quality of the noodles, broth, and add-ons is worth every penny, and true ramen aficionados know that a truly great bowl of ramen is only as good as its weakest part. So suck up those extra few bucks and appreciate what these folks are trying to do, or stick to the same overprocessed crap you ate in college (or maybe still do).
Onwards! The appetizers and small plates are well worth checking out as well. Everyone seems to be doing brussels sprouts these days, but the ones we had on two visits to N&P (I guess they're occasional specials since I haven't always seen them on the menu) are among the best iterations I've had. Ditto for a toothsome appetizer of grilled long beans in a soy glaze.
The pies definitely play second fiddle to the ramen here, but they're pretty decent as well - order the peanut butter if it's on the menu when you visit. The portion size makes them ideal for splitting with your dining partner, and the $6 is about what you'd pay for dessert at any decent restaurant. 
Knocking off a star because it's incredibly noisy, and I hate the rust/orange/Tijuana sunset color they used to paint the walls - makes it feel more like a tacky Mexican joint with 2-for-1 frozen margarita specials than the surprisingly sophisticated casual restaurant that it is. But the food's the thing, and that gets a solid five stars from me.Love the the neighborhood it is in. The waitress was nice. The ramen was good but wasn't great. I had better ...This isn't the instant ramen you used to eat in the dorm room at 2am. The broth is out of this world. The meats dissolve in your mouth in what can only be described as a flavor explosion. And the egg - my god the egg - is boiled to perfection and is the proverbial cherry on top. 
The staff is enthusiastic and knowledgeable. And the quirky, charming feel of the restaurant really drives it home. Perfect date night spot. 
I really don't understand the negative comments about this noodle haven. Maybe this Pho-centric society has forgotten the joys of this heavenly comfort food. Either way, I love the attention and love that goes into every dish here - be it the pie, appetizers or the soup itself.This place is hands down the best ramen I've had in New Orleans so far. Just make sure to get the pork belly, and not the shoulder. And the five stars go to the okonomiyaki fries they are the closest taste of nostalgia from Japan that I've had in a while. 
Also an appetizer is a MUST because, if you end up not getting an appetizer or a dessert, and just a regular sized bowl of ramen it will not fill you. Just that by itself your meal will not feel as satisfying, but the house special crab broth they had today was soo good and went so well with the grilled corn. 
And don't worry about the price it's a little taste of Japan trust me, it's worth it. I'm from there. Yoko represent baby!The whole experience started out with ordering $9 drinks that came in a small, HALF-FILLED mason jar. I don't mind paying $9 for a good drink, but $9 for half a drink? That's just unacceptable. The night continued to decline after ordering an appetizer, and the ramen. The miso fish appetizer was decent...although entirely overpriced for what it was. The ramen, on the other hand, was a complete disappointment. The broth was downright bland, and there were maybe 3 bites of noodles to work with. For a $10 bowl of supposedly authentic ramen, I was expecting a lot more. To top things off, they refused to split the bill with a party of 6 people who all ordered different things. I understand it's a trend among many places to somehow expect a party of 20 people to all have exact change, or expect only one person to foot the bill for everyone. However, this is 2014. We've been to the moon, y'all. We should be able to split a bill. The waiter seemed to think the place was much more fancy than it was. We didn't stick around to try the pie. Essentially, you're paying for aesthetics here. The best thing about this place is $13 pitchers of sangria (and I don't even drink sangria, but my fianc and friends loved it), meaning you get about 5 mason jars full, instead of $9 for half of one. Overall, I would not recommend this place to anyone expecting delicious, authentic food, full cups, or decent service. Big disappointment.The wait was about an hour around 8pm. The crowd did die down around 10pm and they're open until midnight on Fridays and Saturdays. The decor is very creative. (I especially like the bird cage napkin dispenser in the bathroom). The ambience was a little loud for me. I found myself shouting to my roommate who was sitting next to me. Service was ok.
I had the green papaya salad which was very refreshing especially after standing outside in the humidity for an hour. For those who like a lot of dressing, this is not the salad for you. It is on the spicy side also. And here I should put in the disclaimer that I am a ramen snob. With that said, I personally did not like the ramen. The miso broth was too sweet. The noodles were too soft. And the char sui added lacked flavor and was too lean for my taste. So overall it was a disappointing experience for me.This spot has a really nice vegan ramen and a cute environment. We had the brussel sprouts and vegetarian ramen with extra tofu instead of the egg. 
The brussel sprouts were amazing and the soup was very good.
I would have given it four stars, but I deducted one because our waitress was a real jerk. She basically snapped at me for putting my handbag on the stool behind me and all of my party were a little horrified. There's no where else to put your bags btw, since there aren't backs to the chairs. They suggest you leave them over by the bathroom to be wafted on by bodily fumes. Also I don't like my credit card being so far away. 
Get some hooks and some politeness, dudes.Best meal I have had in quite a while.  The flavors were all spot on and the prices cannot be beat.  It should be noted that I love soup and Asian food generally (and who doesn't love pie) so I was excited about trying this place out.  It did not disappoint.  I love when you go into a place with high expectations and they are met, its rare but happened here!  
The wife and I started with a cocktail each but after ordering it I remembered that I'm not the biggest fan of sake, so I didn't really enjoy the drinks.  My fault for being an idiot.  We then moved on and got the grilled octopus, papaya salad, and shrimp cracker fries.  All were excellent.  The octopus was like butter, the salad had excellent flavor and heat (a little too hot for my wife), and the fries were hand cut and deliciously crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  The shaved shrimp added a nice salty flavor and crunchy texture that I loved.  We then both got ramen (she the house and me the crab) and both had strong flavors.  I could eat that ramen every day.
I had to try the key lime (its my favorite) and it did not disappoint.  The wife got the apple and it was good, but to be honest, I like my apple hot and a la mode.  Who knows, had I asked they might had accommodated but at that point I was so happy I didn't care.  
This is the first Asian spot in the city that brought me back to my San Francisco days.  I have been really disappointed with the quality of Asian fare in NOLA (save a few Vietnamese places) and NP renewed my hope that I can get world class Asian in NOLA.  TG!  I'm going back soon and so should you, you will glad you did.Only 3.5 stars?!  I am shocked!  After months of my friends telling me to go, I finally made my way there on Sunday night for dinner.  We were seated right away, and I really loved the decor and chic industrial/restored look of the place.  Our waiter, Chance, came by right away to familiarize us with the menu.
He took us through the menu, page by page, making suggestions for each category. He made everything sound so good, so we went with his suggestion of the crab small plate...I don't see an updated menu online, but it was this delicious and complex pairing of crab meat with chicken in a fluffy custard/mousse/creme brulee....I'm not doing it justice, but it was delicious! 
I got the brisket ramen, and my roommate got the house ramen.  Both were delicious.  The house one reminded me a bit of a korean soup with kimchi-like cabbage.  Chance warned me that the brisket one would be spicy, but I handled it and even added some of their traditional japanese spice blends on the table.  The soups were deceptively filling, unlike pho.  The broth is heavier than I expected, but all the same delicious.  We each took home leftovers, which didn't last long.  
Our waiter was excellent and helpful, and also made the house beverages sound delicious, including ginger and hibiscus soda and Malbec sangria.  I would definitely go back!  Sadly, they didn't have the pies that were online, so I hope that they make a better effort to keep things updated.  The pies looked delicious, but we were too full to indulge...next time!The reason why I am giving them 1 star is because I still cannot believe that I paid $14 for a "large" bowl of ramen when it should have been more like a sampler side not even a kid's size. It was a take out order that I couldn't assess properly until I got home. I even paid $2.5 for a side of Cha Sui that consisted on 2 very thin slices of BBQ pork of 75 percent ratio of fat to lean beef. Their server offer great service but for the value that I received ($33.46 for their 2 "large" ramen and the side dish) I can sincerely say that I will never come back to Noodle and Pie. Yes, I said never. This is New Orleans and here food is king.I really wanted to prove all the negative reviewers wrong but sadly I could not. The service was lacking. I told him the 8 hr brisket ramen was way too salty. He didn't even flinch, unapologetic or open to customer feedback. Seems this place preys on "one timer consumer"...so why bother with the customer service. The okonomiyake is just fries with mayo. We ordered the house ramen and brisket ramen bowls. We had to our a glass of water in the soup to cut down the salt. I ate my noodles. The brisket was okay. I felt like I ate 10 bags of Salt and Vinegar chips afterwards. They need to learn how to make real miso and find another shoyu base broth and help keep down high blood pressure. The apple-pear pie was okay. Nothing to write home about. The only good thing was the beer.Definitely not coming back.  #nola #nola diningI cannot comprehend all of the subpar reviews of this restaurant. Noodle & Pie is a gem among stones in Uptown!
I live around the corner from N&P and am thrilled to call it my local noodle spot. They are marching to the beat of their own drum here and offer the most unique flavor pairings at a reasonable price. All of the other noodle offerings within a few miles of N&P need to take notes. Seriously. I will not suffer through another flavorless bowl of noodle soup with flimsy ingredients now that New Orleans has a legitimate noodle house.
The handmade ramen noodles are perfect. You can tell they are made with love and care as they have just the right amount of elasticity, firmness, and are never soggy (forget about that Cup of Noodles in styrofoam from freshman year bullshit). They glisten in a sea of delicious and flavorful broth, however, I'd be just as happy eating the noodles by themselves. I go for the Miso Ramen! Other menu favorites: okonomiyaki fries, deep fried brussel sprouts, spicy thai green papaya salad, and mushroom simmered tofu.
And the pie! All of the pie. Just do it. I can't say I've tried them all, but I've never been disappointed with a slice. The selection rotates quite frequently but as of late I am totally swooning over the Steen's Pumpkin Creme Brulee Pie. It's the most delicious version of your favorite pumpkin pie, all soft and creamy with a crunchy crystallized  layer on top. A satisfying combination of textures and flavors for an old faithful pie. GO GET SOME!Soooo... I really really really had high hopes for the ramen. I did because i heard about it, seen pictures of it, and seen the menu and was like "whoa... i have GOT to try this place" but, I was, im not sure how to say it. Ill just start off and say the joint is nice, yeah it gives off that indie vibe, comfortable, ... nice atmosphere. the menu is very interesting and I wanted to try everything but i couldnt. the service was on point. the server was knowledgeable and very helpful. we ordered the beef bone marrow, onigiri, my friend had the Shoyu Duck ramen and I had the Shio Crab and Pork ramen. before i go on further, i just wanna say how excited i was to be there and finally get to see what the hype was all about, first and foremost. Now, the Onigiri.. was a bit on the salty side. We figured it was the garlic and miso mayonnaise that was salty. But the rice cake itself was good. Next, the beef bone marrow. I dont know what was up tonight but my friend and i must have had some pretty sensitive tastebuds because we both agreed that the bone marrow was salty as well. We had to take bites of the rice to try and balance it out. Finally, our ramen. The pork belly was cooked perfectly and melted in my mouth. Perfection. Too bad I cant say the same for the broth. The broth was spicy, had a nice kick i suppose, but once again.. we were experiencing none other, the saltiness. How unfortunate... But I tried my friend's Shoyu Duck. Duck was amazing! Tender inside and crispy outside. I liked his ramen but, even he said the broth was a bit on the salty side. Either we were having some extra sensitive taste buds or...... i dont know. But, I do want to come back and try the other items on the menu and hopefully, this time around, we won't experience the same problems. I dont like giving anything lower than 4 stars but, i feel like bc of the over "seasoning" of the tapas and the broth, it took away from it. I hope the next time we come the food will be way better.Decor does not fit the cuisine; it's the kind of tryhard eclectic you see in Austin, made it feel like we should be eating TexMex. They were also playing some intense house music when we came in and yet there were no glowsticks provided. Like the open kitchen style. 
Okonomiyaki fries were fantastic, more than enough sauce, nori, and bonito flakes to go on each bite. We got a large bowl, which was plenty for two, could easily be enough for four if you get it as an appetizer. Fried sesame chili chicken with a side of kimchi was tasty, just the right amount of spice. Half dark meat, half white meat and no fat. If we come back, we may get just these things.
Disappointingly, neither the noodle nor pie were inspiring. 
We tried the House regular size bowl with extra noodles and the broth was too salty and lacking. Spinach is too unusual in ramen; maybe it is okay if you let it wilter, but I think they should replace this with shredded nori. Mushrooms, egg, green onions, and torched corn were good (corn is extra, though). Pork was also salty but tender. Noodles were good but not exciting or addictive. Plenty of noodles if you get extra, however they were put in the bowl instead of on the side. We tried the key lime. It's good pie--creamy texture, sweet and lightly sour and combines well with the roasted coconut and whipped cream. But it is offensively, disgustingly small. It should be half the price or double the size for 6.50.
Our waiter and other staff were genial and attentive and kept the table clear.
We'll come back, but not for the noodle and pie.This was a splendid little restaurant we tried out just off of Magazine Street thanks to my fianc's suggestion. Actually, it was at the corner of Magazine and State St. The vibe is comfortable and casual. We ordered the Deep Fried Brussel Sprouts to start. We expected them to be "deep fried" looking, as in battered then fried, but they weren't battered, which I was actually relieved to find (everything in NOLA seems to be breaded and deep fried). We both described the taste to be like general tso's brussel sprouts. They were just crispy enough to hold the sauce and not get mushy. If you aren't a fan of the sprouts of brussel, give these a try, you might have a new favorite veggie!
For the noodle portion of our meals we ordered the house ramen and the chicken paitan ramen in the regular portion size--which, by the way, we couldn't finish! Noodle & Pie prides themselves on their house-made food and hand rolled noodles, and you could definitely taste the hominess! There's something about REAL noodles that's just so comforting. The broth, also house-made, was delightful, but I made the mistake of adding more salt to my bowl, which was wholly unnecessary. The chicken paitan ramen had a little more kick to it due to the jalapenos. I preferred the house ramen over the chicken paitan. Even though we couldn't finish our ramen, we still saved room for dessert. It's called Noodle AND PIE. You have to get both! We decided to split the peanut butter pie, and it was off the charts and left us speechless and brought tears to our eyes; it was a beautiful creation.
In terms of service, our waitress was great! She was very attentive, well spoken, and offered great suggestions. The art on the walls (I think it was super heros and villains in some sort of splatter paint type of thing--I am not an art expert or scholar, though) added to the hip atmosphere. My favorite thing about this place was the sign above the cooking area that offered tips to the diners. One of those was "Don't try to fit the whole spoon in your mouth". I found this hilarious because the spoon really is HUGE, and I couldn't stop imagining people trying to fit the whole thing in their mouths! The sign also stated that "slurping" is encouraged. That just made me feel all better about my lack of etiquette when eating any soup, even when spoon is supposed to fit in your mouth. 
The only thing downside of the place was the temperature. It was a little warm outside and the door was open for some fresh air. I loved the fresh air, but my fianc was sweating profusely, so the hot soup was more difficult for him to enjoy.Super nice service. Delicious, intricate pies served in-house. Don't know why more people haven't caught on to this.I don't know...last time I was there it seems things have kinda gone south.  The menu has changed and seems to have gotten more expensive.  They used to have multiple broths but now seem to only have one.  I also felt disappointed with the price.  Flavor was still on, just way to expensive for the size of the Ramen bowel and the slice of pie.  I'll give it another shot before summer but feeling kinda sad, as I really liked the place and had high hopes for them.The ramen is meh. The flavors are kinda boring. And the way they serve it is weird. Its a mid-sized bowl. The spoon that they use is really a ladle. The ramen is a three star experience. 
The pie on the other hand... That's a four star experience. I always get the apple pie. And its always good. I've had a taste of their chocolate pumpkin pie and the lemon chiffon pie. Some are better than others, but its always good experience.It was ramen day so I ordered ramen and wow, was it good!  A beautiful bowl just brimming with delicious broth, veggies and meat.  If I can't remember the details it might be because I had one of their wonderful cocktails made with sake, a "sour" soda (made in-house) and something else.  They had many of these cocktails and like the food dishes they all showed a wonderful skill of combining flavors in unique ways.
We finished off with Grasshopper Pie which was light and fluffy and delicious!After all of the hype surrounding this place in Food and Wine, Thrillist, and other similar sites, I was expected to be blown away. I don't know if I was expecting too much, but it really wasn't anything to write home about. We came for lunch, which has a more limited menu than dinner and ordered the house ramen. Broth wasn't very hot, was somewhat bland and too salty. The pork was cooked really well though and was the best part of the dish. I did think it was ridiculous to charge extra for for a small sprinkling of bean sprouts, corn or other veggies, especially considering how much the upcharge is. It may not be as "gourmet", but I think next time I want ramen, I'll stick with Ninja.Their ramen is very good. Noodle, broth and sides are very balanced.  Every bowl of ramen I've had there is warm, fresh, and very filling. Service has always been great...friendly waitresses who are attentive. I like their decor too.I've been to this place twice now, and its been a mediocre experience both times. the ramen is just ok, and they give you a spoon that is so big, I'm pretty sure it is meant to be a ladle.
 Also, all of their pies are served cold. I got the apple pie the last time I was there, and asked if it could be served warm. I was told that wasn't an option. I really wanted to like this place, but I doubt I will go back.Way over priced for the quality of the food, drink and service. Been here twice and have been mildly disappointed both time. This would be a great cheap eats spot except that it's not cheap! I thought maybe they're cocktails would be good so I tried one. In the words of Donald Trump- "wrong."The best thing here tonight was my wine. The service was mediocre. 
House ramen contains seaweed, I'm familiar with the taste and don't mind normally but I didn't like how it tasted with everything- chicken broth, pork, And egg. The crab one that my friend got was better but just because crab boil is good.
I just don't see what everyone raves about when the menu consists of: handful of apps, 3 ramen to choose from, 2 desert pies, and pricey alcoholic beverages.First time in town and had to try the ramen out.
It was very good and lived up to its pictures. Definitely love the neighborhood that this place is located and although we did not try the pie we would definitely come back. 
I had the pork belly ramen and my boyfriend had the house ramen. Both were good and the egg was cooked perfectly!Brought a friend here for his bday on friday night and had a great meal.  Pork belly was perfect and chicken skins were... if you do not like fried chicken skins you should not be reading my reviews.  The ramen was on point.  Great flavor, filled me up but didnt make me uncomfortable.  The crab and pork bowl tasted like corn and crab bisque but with all the heavy cream.  really good.  
3 apps, 2 bowls, 4 16oz PBR's and bill was $50  not bad at all and we were satisfiedHeadcheese onigiri was an excellent starter, and the kids with us killed the okonomiyaki fries. House ramen was outstanding - pork was delicious and tender, I added the pork belly which was as rich as one would expect. The highlights, though, were the sesame infused mushrooms and the alkaline noodles. The mushrooms were a perfect accent, but the noodles... just the right degree of chewiness and flavor. !There is an undertone of noise, but not oppressive. Staff is helpful and friendly.  Green papaya salad was a nice mix of textures, but needs more kick.  Shrimp with octopus was the highlight of the meal.  
Chilled suck was sliced paper thin, and served with a peach jam and microgreens.  Another very successful dish.
With 2 out of 3 terrific apps, I had high hopes for the ramen.  Sadly, the dish (matador) was so oversalted to verge on being inedible.I rather enjoyed this place; it's the first ramen I've had since I was last in Japan in 2013 and it compares pretty favorably.
The service, however, was agonizingly slow. Not what I expected from my experiences with noodle shops in the past which were quite expeditious in their service.
I ended up getting the house special ramen which was excellent. Extra noodles are availalbe as well as a small selection of sakes, warm and hot. 
The eponymous pies are made fresh in house; they have a floating selection but their standby is the nutella pie, which I highly recommend. It's heavy, it's delicious and it is appropriately decadent.I was really excited to go have dinner where I pretty much HAD to leave room for pie.  However, based on the 3 star review you can probably guess that I was somewhat let down.
For dinner I ordered the vegetable ramen bowl.  The waiter suggested that I add meat which I took as a fair suggestion.  However, the vegetable was only $1 cheaper than the other bowls with meat, if I wanted meat I would have just done that.  That said, the duck egg and portion of tofu was satisfying enough.  My main complaint was that the miso based broth was a little on the bland side.  The salt from the salted duck egg made up for some of that.  I also didn't like that they seemed to slice up the big bok choy rather than using the baby bok choy.  The portion was okay, I didn't leave hungry, but I have to say, what in the world is going on with these soup spoons.  In case you didn't know, those are ladles which would be used for serving food, not eating food.  Ramen should come with a spoon, but not one that is so big that it is hard to hold while you're eating with your chop sticks.
The pie was also okay.  I have the blueberry pie with chantilly cream..  Why is the pie served cold?  I don't mean room temperature I mean COLD.  I understand that if the pie was warm that the cream would have melted off, but I think room temperature would be better than cold.  The pie seemed a little over sugared, and I think the sugar crystals on top of the crust are not needed, and may be the real reason it seems overly sweet.  Thankfully, the creme was not sweet so it cut the flavor.  On the plus side, there were tons of blueberries which I loved.
The renovation on this building is really nice, and the service was really good.  However, the food is going to need a little help.  I get the impression that there isn't anyone that is really trained in Asian cooking on the staff.  This is reinforced by the table's recognition of a staff member that was seen in Hong Kong Market shopping in the noodle isle for tons of noodles and other sauces... looking around as if they didn't have a clue in hell. Maybe they should go eat dinner at a noodle bar so they can figure out how ramen is normally served, and how it is supposed to generally taste.We were excited to try this place but it was a complete flop. Staff were friendly and prompt. Ramen tasted like lightly salted warm water - almost completely flavorless. Fried chicken sandwich looked great but tasted bland. Seasoning and spice would've been nice. Won't be back.We went on a Saturday night and the place was packed. It was pretty noisy, but not so much so that it was a problem. We were seated right away and had specials explained to us by Max ("Hi! My name is Max and I'll be taking care of you tonight...!!!") Always makes me feel uncomfortable for some reason. Drinks were ordered. I chose an Ommegang Houblon beer, for a whopping $7. My wife had some sort of Champagne - muscadine juice concoction for (gasp) $9. I was brought an Ommegang Witte rather than the Houblon, and when I mentioned it, Max told me essentially that since it's from the same brewery (Ommegang), it shouldn't matter that I got the (fairly bland) wheat beer instead of the (very tasty, complex, and hoppy) beer that I had actually ordered (and what was listed in the menu). Oh well, on to the food! We ordered several small dishes, opting to save noodles for a cooler day later in the fall. We had the shrimp croquettes with curry, stuffed squid, grilled eggplants, grilled zucchini with adzuki beans, and assorted pickles with rice. All were fantastic, with the exception of the grilled eggplants which were way over-seasoned with cinnamon (an odd flavor combination to be sure). Our favorites were the grilled zucchini and the shrimp croquettes. These five small dishes were a perfect amount for the two of us, and had we not spent so much on our two drinks, the total bill would have been less than $30 before tip. We passed on the pies, even though they all sounded delicious. Honestly, after such a light but satisfying meal of fresh seafood and vegetables, finishing the meal with a 600 calorie slice of pie was a little off-putting. We'll definitely be back, though. The food was overall very, very good and all ingredients seemed as fresh as they could be... all ingredients are locally sourced (according to Max), and it shows.Vegan option of charred onion mushroom & tomato ramen was pretty tasty even though it didn't come with all the ingredients listed for it on the menu. Deep fried brussel sprouts (no buttered panko added) were delicious!This was about 3.5 stars for me. We decided to try this place on a Saturday night. We were seated promptly, and the very friendly server spent several minutes introducing us to the menu. My hubby got the crab noodle bowl special with pork added, as the server recommended. I got the vegetarian bowl. Both were very tasty with reasonable portion sizes--not too big or small. The eggs were a little runny but still good. We split the lemon pie with Chantilly cream. It was on the smaller side, and the crust was a little tough. But it was homemade goodness. I just love the concept of noodles and pie! :) I found the decor funky and fun with artsy superhero paintings and a bright reddish paint. We'll go back again...if only to try the other types of pie!We went to Noodle and Pie last night after Trombone Shorty in Lafayette Park to celebrate our 2 year anniversary.  In a word, it was FANTASTIC!  Wonderful dcor and atmosphere.  Great music (Fitz and the Tantrums for most of our stay. Ha) and superb food!
We first ordered the Lemon Chicken Skins and Chilled Duck Breast apps.  Both were grand.  The chicken skins were everything you love about chicken, reduced to the most decedent fatty and crispy parts!  Served with a perfectly vinegary sauce.  The duck breast wasn't gamey in the least. Perfect temp and was a flavor explosion!  
Then on to the ramen.  Quick note about ramen (especially for Nola peeps who have access to great Vietnamese food):  It ain't Pho.  Pho is amazing.  Ramen is much "heartier." (My fiancee prefers Pho, but, hey, to each their own!) They have very similar presentations, but are not to be confused with one another.  Ramen also isn't the old Top Ramen we all used to slurp down in college desperation dorm rooms.  
I ordered the House Ramen and added Grilled steak.  Delicious, hot, salty broth, gooey egg and thick noodles made my night.  I ate my entire bowl.  
Who can go to Noodle and Pie and not have Pie?  We ordered the S'Mores pie and the Key Lime.  Both were fantastic.  
What a great addition to an already great culinary city.  Come with an open mind.  You'll leave with a full belly!Decor great, service awesome, but food is not good at all. The Brussels sprout were good and that's it, that's all I can give them. If my meal wasn't good I def will not try desserts, that's just me. Broth is way too salty. The kimchi don bowl lacked flavor and there's really no oooooos and ahhhssss about em.Worth every penny and minute we spent traveling to magazine street. This ramen place was so delicious! Great service, wonderful food, and amazing vegetarian ramen. Highly recommend. If possible leave room for pie. You won't regret it. However, I will say the ramen was better than the miso pie.So.... we were thinking pizza for dinner, on the way to Reginelli's we saw this little gem and decided to try it. First, the atmosphere is so cute!!! It's got a rustic funky industrial feel. Super cute esthetics and self seating. This place is on the smaller side and has off street parking. They do have a small bar over looking the kitchen.  
The menu is simple, appetizers, entrees and desserts. We tried one of the spicier noodle soups and let me at here, Ive lived in Louisiana most of my life, but this soup had my bf & I sweating!!! It was so good neither one of us stopped eating it of course!! The portions are a good size. 
We also decided to split an appetizer, the fried chicken was what our server recommended and it was delicious. It also came with a side of pickled veggies. To top it off, we had to try the pie. We got the coffee one & let me say this, they are baked fresh everyday, and the pieces are way too small to share!! I'm going back for the pie especially but everything else was equally amazing! 
My advice on this place, order small & double order the pie!!!! :)Strange menu. Uncomfortable seating. BAD beverages. Iffy service. LOUD.
I ordered three small plates. I was told they would be filling. They were tiny and not tasty. The mushroom plate was one piece of a rubbery mushroom with sauce. I left it after tasting. The other two weren't much better.
The pie. 
The bacon pecan pie was delicious, BUT, alas they ruined it.
They served it coated with an exact taste duplicate of milk chocolate Duncan Hines canned frosting. I scraped it off. Pie still ruined.
The chocolate was not listed in the menu description. Be careful.RAMEN! Came to NOLA on a random trip that was booked about a week in advance. No plan on what to do or where to eat, just came in blind and yelped places when we arrived. Probably not the best plan, but seemed to work out. Tried the po boys and muffalettas, and all kinds of seafood on the first day, which led us to this ramen place  for next night's dinner. 
Felt bad since we came in at 9:40 and the people working there probably thought that would be done for the night. But even with our late arrival, all the staff was nice and attentive the whole time, so A+ there. I got the house special and the gf got the crab and pork one. Mine had really good flavor, what bothered me was that it came out warm, not hot. It was as if it was made, and then sat out for a while. The crab and pork one had a totally different taste, kind of buttery. Wasn't my cup of tea but it was still pretty good. The hard boiled egg was a good touch but I'm not a runny yolk kind of person. The seaweed was a good touch though.
On top of that, they serve pie! What a weird but great mixture. The peanut butter chess pie is pretty much like a reese peanut butter cup except without the chocolate. The chocolate cream was crazy chocolatey, not sure if that's good or bad, depends on the person. I really liked the atmosphere of the place, they had really cool lights and art work. Interesting place, definitely try if after you hit up all the foods that NOLA is already known for.I think this might be the only ramen place in the area, so I get why there might not be anything to compare it to. But I'd say it's a pretty restaurant, with average soup/noodle dishes.
The broth was alright, but the noodles seemed to be chow mien noodles, which threw me off and were slightly undercooked. 
I feel like they were inspired by momofuku, but juuuuust didn't reach that sweet spot. Maybe making fresh noodles? A little more seasoning?
ALSO THAT HUGE SPOON THOUGH. What's up with that? I've never eaten ramen with a huge spoon like that, and it was slightly annoying to eat with.*vegetarian review*
I was not a fan of their vegetarian offerings and I thought the broth used wasn't very good.  My boyfriend also thought the veggie offerings were lacking especially since we heard such great things about this place.  We left hungry and thinking maybe we just don't like vegetarian ramen and no pies perked our interest.  Maybe for meat eaters this place is very different.I've become a bit of a freak for Asian food lately. Sushi, Pho, fusion- I can't get enough. I think I eat Asian at least three times a week these days, so it's basically incomprehensible that I had never tried Noodle and Pie before, even though it's been open for well over a year.
Walking in, I thought to myself "what can you really do with ramen to make it stand out"? I mean...it's noodles and broth. Not quite Pho and maybe a little better than the stuff college kids live off of for four years. Well, I was wrong. I was so wrong.
They have a pretty small menu and a few different bowls of ramen with different things mixed in. Our waitress told us that the special of the day was a tomato based ramen with meat in it, so I decided to try that. I got the large bowl, which really wasn't all that large and I think would be easy for anyone to finish.
The tomato based ramen had so much flavor! I was really shocked at how good it was. It was a delightful tomato broth with ramen, meat and topped with a fine shredded cheese. I really enjoyed it. Their spoons are HUGE and make it super easy to get all of the goodies out of the bowl. 
As for the the pie- yeah, the pie. First of all, considering they have the word "pie" in the name of their store, the pie menu isn't very extensive. I decided to try the pumpkin pie because I really like pumpkin pie. Honestly, it was just okay. I wasn't blown away by it and I've actually had pie that is just as good and cost $2 at a diner.
I would definitely go back for the noodles and get my dessert fix elsewhere.I went to this place with high hopes. They have such a cute name, and very well designed atmosphere. As a West Coast native, I have had excellent, authentic ramen. Unfortunately, the ramen here was not that level. My friend ordered the house ramen, and it was so "fishy" tasting that it was a little difficult to eat even though we both love seafood. 
However - the pie was EXCELLENT (we ordered espresso chocolate cream pie and peanut butter/boysenberry jam pie with oatmeal crust. Both were superb.) and the appetizers were also very good. They had a wide variety of sake cocktails, and the ones we ordered were good as well. 
I think that if Noodle and Pie can tweak their ramen recipe, this will become one of my new favorite spots. However, until then, I will be ordering only the appetizers and pie! Definitely worth a try.Noodle and Pie, this meal was so good, I think I'll write a Haiku to encapsulate it.
The Ramen Sublime
The pie, almost transcendent.
Belly Full and Smile.
Man, this is such a restrictive format, 5/7/5... Not nearly enough space to do a decent review.
My Ode to Noodle and Pie
Noodle and pie, you stole my heart.
Sublime, smooth Ramen, with a touch of mystery.
Courried from afar, by the most pleasant of servers.
Steaming bowls arrived promptly, when the first course we had finished.
Mindful not to imbibe, until full out of fear.
That the pie as name implied would neglect to touch my lips.
Rich Chocolate Pecan, not too rich nor too filling.
Coconut Buttermilk Pie, almost like a cheesecake from heaven.
Topped off this beautiful evening with my friends, my love and a smile.
Noodle and pie, you are not to be missed, except in your absence.
We shall soon be returning, to partake of your goodness.
Alright, so I am a little rusty from my open mic days, but you get the point.
This is a beautiful restaurant.
I love the fact that they actually get how parts of the dish play off of other parts of the dish.
When you receive a bowl of ramen, it should have all the key components...
A nice, steaming broth, hearty meats, bok choy, and other fillings as you desire.
Topped by a sift, soft, SOFT boiled egg.
Now THIS is paramount to the experience, for the yolk, adds a nice richness to the broth when broken and released into the Ramen wild.
Everyone else gives you the Ramen, with the egg cooked hard...
This is nice, but defeats the purpose.
The small bowl is adequate if you are having appetizers and want to split a desert...
But not enough if taken on its own.
And the pie, WOW was beautiful.
From the Chocolate Pecan, which has a not too sweet chocolate in a nice pecan filling, not an afterthought or a sidekick but a full star co-billing partner.
And the Coconut Buttermilk, stellar!
Tastes like a beautiful, lighter version of a cheesecake, with a nice coconut flavor topped with flaked coconut which actually adds to the dish and is not simply a garnish.
Noodle and Pie, you do your cuisine proud.
In a town, suddenly awash in soup, Ramen, and Pho joints... This one can definitely stand up on its own back legs and take on all comers.
If you are looking for a nice, comfortable meal, a bowl of Ramen, or just don't know what you want...
Noodle and Pie...
Noodle and Pie...
Noodle and Pie...
You'll be glad you did...
Let me know what you think,
Still Big and Easy, and still my Baby Daddy..Amazing meal at this restaurant tonight. Incredible flavors from the marinated eggplant to the pumpkin pie. Great drinks, great service - can't wait to go back!I've been to Noodle & Pie a few times. It's a cute restaurant with average noodles and pretty good pies! I would not recommend this place if you're looking for authentic ramen. They do not provide nearly enough broth... and ramen is all about the broth! The noodles are of good consistency and there are lots of add-on options (egg, pork belly, bbq pork, fish cake, kim chi, and more). Everyone loves their brussel sprouts... except for me. They are indeed very flavorful, but are usually drenched in sauce. Although I don't pretend to eat them to be healthy, it's sometimes nice to be able to taste some of the original vegetable. Their pies are great! I would go back every week for the peanut butter cup pie - aaaamaaaazing! Even though Noodle & Pie is not stellar, they are consistent. If you go in knowing what to expect, you won't be disappointed. And if you get pie, the meal always ends on a high note!This place is definitely one to try out because it will keep you coming back for more!  Try the fries!  They are so interesting with a huge mix of flavors!  The Bonita flakes on top with the two sauces.....oh yes!  The calamari is also outstanding.  Now for the ramen.  The house bowl is delicious, but the shio crab and pork is the best!  It's in a salt based crab broth.  Pies: yum!   Mirage is a very helpful waitress and very attentive.  Ask for her!My first time and last time here. Let's start off with me being the third table when it opened and Was seated immediately. Decor and atmosphere was neat. Waiter was very thorough with the menu. Ordered the fried Korean chicken and that was nothing to be wow'ed about. I ordered the house ramen and it took 45 minutes to get. Soup had a burnt taste to it and my noodles was cooked all the way. Gave me a ladle versus a small Asian soup spoon to use.