If you are looking for great food and atmosphere Oceana is the place to go!! Ask for the best server Emily!! I cannot say enough great things!Disappointing experience. ITEMS ON MENU DO NOT LIST ALL OF THE INGREDIENTS IN THE MEAL (that's gotta be some sort of food disclosure violation?)
We came at 8:30 a.m. and seemed like the first customers of the day.  Ordered the St. Louis benedict (4 stars). 
We also ordered the Maw Maw's cajun breakfast (2 stars) to-go.  On the menu, it says bacon bits, shrimp, scrambled eggs, and rice.  My girlfriend doesn't eat pork so we asked for the Maw Maw's without the bacon bits.  When the food came out, there was sausage and chicken in it as well.  I asked to send it back to have it made without the pork, but was told that I would be charged, even though the menu didn't list those extra ingredients.  Waitress made no attempts to even try to accommodate.  Did I mention we were the only ones in the restaurant?  I mean, it would make a little more sense if the place was packed and kitchen was bustling.  Baffling customer service response for a place with 3K+ reviews and 4 stars. 
With so many good cajun restaurants in the area, no need to deal with this nonsense.Not much of a seafood lover, so I played it safe with their fried seafood platter. Gotta admit, it was amazing! They do have items that cater to non seafood lovers. I ordered their blackened chicken po-boy. Equally as good!
Great and friendly service, paired with awesome food, made my visit most enjoyable!Really enjoyed the food and our waitress was so friendly and funny.  I had the crab cakes and with Sazarac for the drink. Great combo. We finished with the third special desert, browny with the Carmel praline sauce and ice-cream.   So good. Prices we reasonable for the area.This was our first place to eat in NOLA. The interior is pretty cool; we got to eat up stairs by a window, so we got to people watch as we ate. All the staff was extremely friendly, which was really nice after the craziness of the quarter, haha. We shared the fried platter that includes catfish, oysters, and shrimp ($20). I also got the Oceana Favorite drink, which is champagne, cranberry juice and peach schnapps ($7) which gave me a nice little buzz and it tasted good.Absolutely delicious food and incredible service. Highly recommend this restaurant. Family friendly too.The food here is GREAT!!!
Crab cakes, catfish, gumbo, pasta, dessert...I could go on. 
Expect to be in a food coma. 
We tried to make reservations, but we couldn't on a Saturday night. We went anyway and were very surprised to walk right on in!
Our server was Mike. Great service and an awesome N'awlins accent to go with it. 
I will be back!This is my second time dining at Oceana and once again, their service was awesome. We were greeted, seated, and served by people who possessed great attitudes. I ordered the 20oz steak paired with collard greens and garlic mashed potatoes. The potatoes were great. The greens weren't really seasoned to well and were kind of bland. The steak was cooked very nicely BUT the dry rub was a bit much. I was almost like it wasnt used to SEASON it but to COAT it and I ended up scraping alot of it off. I MAY BE WRONG, but upon my visit in July, I thought they served a bread and butter while you wait for entrees but that wasnt the case on this visit. ONCE AGAIN... I may have the restaurants mixed up. OVERALL, I enjoyed the meal and would definitely visit again. 
BTW... THERE IS A WAITER THERE NAMED DAVID. HE IS AMAZING. Ask for him. He will take care of you!We tried Oceana Grill for the first time mainly for the highly rated crab cakes. One of us had the crab cake platter which was rated as excellent. I had the Taste of New Orleans which has Creole jambalaya, crawfish etouffee, red beans and rice with smoked sausage, a little bit of everything I like. It was good with all of the various items having the correct taste and texture expected. We got there before the usual dinner time so we were seated immediately. The decor is clean and usual for a place in New Orleans. We had our order taken quickly and the food arrived in a decent amount of time. The did not have the IPA beer we wanted but the waiter, Todd, gave us a good suggestion.
If you watch the dynamics of a business you can quickly figure out that the wait staff have on blue shirts while the "bosses" have a burnt orange colored shirt. Just kind of strange to have the demarcation out in the open like that.
Recommend it.The food was mediocre to decent (pretty small portions for the price, the pasta was over cooked, the oysters weren't super tasty, the cream sauces covered the taste of the food itself), HOWEVER, the atmosphere is great, and the service was really normal - both of those things have been hard to come by here. It has been a welcome reprieve.I don't really get the negative reviews. I've been here several times and the place always amazes. They used to have turtle soup (probably the best cup of soup I've ever had), but sadly it's no longer on the menu. The etouffee is fantastic, and the blackened alligator is pure alligator -- meaning you get to savor the taste of its meat. Everyone I've come here with has always enjoyed their meal. This is a must-go-to whenever I'm in Nola.I finally decided to write a review after watching the episode of Kitchen Nightmares featuring the restaurant. 
I have been here on three separate occasions, usually when I visit NOLA for Mardi Gras - the first time was Mardi Gras 2010, then 2011, and last summer in 2013. From my first time to my last time, the restaurant's decor is still the same: tacky-ish, wonky colored carnivale-esque clutter. Each time I've eaten there, it's always been in the front room by the bar (I can point out each seat I was in) so my best friend and I, who's eaten there with me on two of those occasions, question where the white walls went that Kitchen Nightmares supposedly renovated. Basically, the decor didn't stick. It may be a nightmare to look at (the decor), but it's part of the restaurant so it wasn't a loss in my opinion. Plus, some online articles I found stated that the show actually didn't do much to renovate to begin with (it is a reality show, after all - Oceana's particular episode didn't really break down the changes and glossed over it so if they did put much effort into it, they sure weren't showing it off like in other episodes with a Before/After segment).
The food has always been good to me each visit, but I am a) not an expert on food prep of any kind and b) a tourist. I'm sure this would discount my opinion to some, but it is still an opinion of a visitor that makes a point to go each time. On two occasions, I had ordered the char-grilled oysters (which I know is available everywhere and I'm sure there are better places too) and the blackened catfish. I have never had a complaint for either dish and I finish the order every time. On my last visit, I went with two self-confessed foodies and they loved it as well. Their portions are generous and their desserts are insanely large though I'm fairly positive those aren't made in-house.
I have deducted a star because though Kitchen Nightmares is a reality TV show, I don't doubt that there is a pest problem, which really does cause me concern. One of my biggest fears are cockroaches and the streets of NOLA sure have their fair share that I've seen first-hand, so if that portion of the segment holds ANY truth, then I would certainly hope they at least cleaned up their act because if I do catch sight of something on a trip, they will lose a loyal customer and future recommendations. The owners made for great comedy and I sure hope Rami was able to get his brother Moe to see the light in really fixing things up. 
Hmm, seems I started to review the show and not the restaurant.
In any case, we would return on our trips as long as the pest problem is taken care of. Creepy enough, my second trip was within months of the show's airing so it's likely I would have eaten ex-Executive Chef Damon's style, which is terrifying to think about. I'm going to find my happy place now....
Give them a shot! If you see the owners (I have yet to), talk to the nicer one just in to be safe.This place was recommended by the lady at our hotel front counter for the "best sea food in town". We ordered the oysters Rockefeller with crab and boiled shrimp. It was some of the best seafood I've ever had. Definitely would recommend this place to anyone looking for amazing seafood. Our waitress Jennifer was amazing and extremely helpful with her recommendations for our meal.My husband & my go to everytime we go for our Bourbon stroll!! Love the food; it's always consistentThe food was incredible. I loved their grilled oysters a and po boys. The sauce that they use in their sandwiches where the best I've ever had. If only there was a oceana in California. The service was great abs the staff was friendly only downside wad that they took to long with orders and receiving and picking up the check.This was by far the best food since I have been in New Orleans. The food was spectacular and well priced. The server Deon was amazing. She was so nice and accommodating to our party of 7. Will definitely be back and hopefully Deon will be our server!My husband asked the kid checking us in at the hotel where the "locals" eat. He recommended this hole in the wall, Oceana. This is the best, most authentic creole food I've ever had. We shared the Taste of New Orleans sampler. Holy moly mother of God...it was amazing!!! The perfect combo so spicy and not too spicy with a little sampling of all the classics you want when in NOLA. Reasonably priced and the waitress was super sweet. We'll definitely be back!We were only in Nola for 3 days and ate breakfast there twice!  The service Errol gave us was awesome!  Personally, the biscuits and grave were beyond my expectations!  Soo delicious!  The bloody Marys were also fabulous!Unexpected. I was looking for a quick seafood stop and it worked out in my favor. The food was not as over priced as most of the places in the area. 
The wait staff was polite, some people dont think thats important or they take it for granted but its important. I had the taste of louisiana which is Oceana's sampler. Very good, you can see the cook making the gumbo in the kitchen, always a plus when he doesn't look like he hates his life. Atmosphere is dark, noise level was moderate. Great place, i would def recommend and I would go back again.Top notch.  Service was incredible.  Every person from our server to the chef that brought our food was on point making sure we were good to go! 
We had the blackened catfish special & jazzy crab cakes.  Sooo much flavor.  Also,  the  greens,  THE GREENS.  just eat them.  
So pleased with everything about our dinner at Oceana.This was my first time to New Orleans and this place was my first stop, so we went to do their brunch. Let me just say how friendly the staff was and quick to help you get seated.  They told us the specials on food and drinks, even did suggestions that would go great with our food. Our server was so friendly and even told us the best spots to go check out. 
Drinks came out fast and very tasty, food came out hot, didn't take to long but then again it wasn't as packed. I would say took no more then 10 minutes for all of us to get our meals. 
We did come back for their dinner which there was a line, this was around 5ish but again our party was only 3 in all together and only took us about 30 minutes to wait. Even though the place was full every staff member greeted us. Server was quick and always checked on our table. 
Dinner dishes are so good and I say their chicken, sausage gumbo was so mmm...yummy nothing like I've ever tasted and let me just add I tried some in Texas but not the same. 
Over all I give this place 10/10 Clean, Friendly, Fast and Outstanding Food.Loved this place!! The Taste of New Orleans is amazing!!! Two enthusiastic thumbs up!!Won't be going back. We were excited to try Oceana based on reviews...don't believe them. This was the worst meal we had on our trip. The house oysters were over sauced, the gumbo was good, the creole jambalaya was over sauced and not tasty, the Mardi Gras pasta was over sauced and way too expensive. We spent our time digging seafood out of the dishes without much luck. The manager didn't honor our online reservation nor did he even have the courtesy to tell us himself but forced the hostess to do it. Our waitress was slow on service and never asked why my entree plate was practically still full when she picked it up. If she had, she'd have learned it was too heavy on the cream, short on the protein and a bit gummy.Great food, great ambiance.  All the wait staff were so polite and courteous.  If your in the area,  Oceana is s must!!!On a visit to New Orleans, a seafood dinner is a must, right? On a recommendation from a local, we stopped by Oceana for the oysters we had been craving all day. 
We started with a plate of oysters. Fresh and salty clean, the oysters hit the spot. 
My friend ordered jambalaya. She's a local and seemed happy with her dish.
My bf and I split an order of the blackened bayou duck. As per usual, he also ordered french fries on the side. (Secret: He is always ordering french fries on the side...it's almost an addiction.) Anyhow, the duck was completely satisfying. Of course, blackened anything is darned good, right? It's hard to get wrong. On the flip side, the fries were blah.
Oceana obviously gets a lot of traffic. There were lots of families and larger groups eating. The ambiance reminded me of local seafood joint meets Applebee's. Initially, our waiter was perfunctory and efficient. There was nothing to complain about: he just seemed busy. At a few wise cracks from us, he immediately relaxed and joined right in.
For us, the duck was the biggest hit. The oysters were wonderful, too, despite our preference for Pac NW oysters. 
So, 3.75 stars for food. Good, even better than good, but just not great.
4.25 stars for service. Once he warmed up, our waiter was outstanding.
3 stars for ambiance. While they can't help being packed and a family-style joint, it does take away from the dining experience just a bit.
Total: 3.66, which I'll round up to 4.
It seems that tourists and locals alike are fans of Oceana. Expect main street seafood done right.Ok so the oysters Oceana I could do without. Worst chargrilled oysters I have had in the EZ. Shrimp Po Boy was much better, but not the best for sure. Service was prompt and good. No complaints there. All in all I say it's ok, but nothing special.The food here is delicious. The portions are healthy-sized, well maybe a little bigger than healthy-sized. I had their blackened redfish plate. So tasty and filling. I would highly recommend it. I would consider subbing their rice for something else as I thought it was the weakest part of the plate; their greens, however, were super delicious. 
Overall, I did think the cost of the plates were a little high for what you're getting. I went to several other places with equivalent vibes and food, and this seemed a little pricier than the rest.Ordered the fried and blackened alligator. The blackened gator came out somewhat cold. Fried gator was pretty good. Pasta jambalaya was ok. Ive tasted better at coplands.Has an amazing oyster, delicious food and great variety of drinks. Service was great.Pamela was a great server and made us feel very welcome. The St Francis Crepe was delicious!When we asked where to get good seafood, Oceana was recommended by hotel staff. Very disappointing, fried shrimp dinner was rubbery and greasy, blackened catfish was thin and overcooked to dry.  Quality of side items was just as bad.Take a walk down Bourbon St. and take in all the smells...that's what the food tastes like. Do not eat there!The redfish Ponchair  is amazing the fried catfish meal is enough for two. The best service I have received ever.Ordered on uber eats the crab cake and cajun fries. Food gave me a stomachache, it did not feel fresh. Only good thing was the sauce. Never again. :(We were seated quickly and we sat outside in a cozy little courtyard. The chicken alfredo with blackened chicken was DELICIOUS! I loved this entree, perfect amount of spice. The service was quick and efficient. I really enjoyed this place and would come back!Service was great! The restaurant was packed but our server Errol was on the ball! He checked in quickly and had everything out promptly. We started with crab cakes which were full of crab meat and delicious! The downsides were that our fries were soggy and the poboys were "overdressed" for our preference.My girlfriends and I are visiting New Orleans for the first time and this is our favorite restaurant so far. Hands down food and service is top notch (bloody Mary's #1). We plan on going back for breakfast tmrw!!Then y'all do come here! Oceana offers them as appetizers AND in you ask as an entrée! They are FRESH AND BIG as well as swimming in their tasty BBQ sauce. A little messy to peel but your reward will be in the TASTE! My partner had the fried crawfish tails and she said they also were mighty tasty! Crowded as it is very popular for a reason!I came for the oysters and they delivered. My server wasn't tell best but he wasn't the worst. My boyfriend thought his catfish & crawfish were alright and I thought his catfish was good. Will be back for those oysters thoughMy friends and I went here on our first night in Nola and I was fantastic. We tried a couple different apps before the main course and they were all fantastic. We had the oysters raw with there horseradish based sauce and it was great. My friend also had the garlicky  oyster dish and he loved it. We had the fried and blackened gator bites and wow amazing. My friends had the po boys and I had the taste of New Orleans and I must say it was a spiritual revelation for me. It was just ridiculously good.Food was delicious.  Had the taste of New Orleans - everything came out fast and was on-point.  Atmosphere was casual, jazzy/big band music, and friendly staff.Marvelous meal.  Redfish special was devine... crab cakes.. delish... bread pudding... yum yum yummy.  staff very helpful and very attentive to our needs.  We will probably go back before we go home...Everything everything great.Good food and great service. The food was good. We had gator bites as an appetizer and my husband and I had the seafood platter, which is a mix of catfish, gator, oysters, hush puppies, fries. It's a wonderful platter of crispy, fried deliciousness. Very pleased.This was the last meal of our weekend in New Orleans, and it was awesome!
We had the food delivered, and when it arrived, it was still hot and not dried out, so yay for the driver.
We ordered the gumbo - OMG, perfection; shrimp po-boy (tender and fresh shrimp, perfectly battered and lightly seasoned/not drowning out the natural flavor of the shrimp).  The barbecued shrimp are also awesome...
Everything was just perfect.  If it was that perfect on delivery, I can only imagine how great it is to dine in.
If you're in N'awlins, you won't go wrong with Oceana Grill.I loved this place! We came late on a Thursday night and there was so wait. Our waiter Shahan was extremely pleasant and patient with us. Everyone there the bus boy the hostess and other waiters were extremely polite and friendly. The food portions are large and worth it. The food was cooked fresh and quickly. I had the seafood platter and actually took half home. This is def a place to eat when in NOLA for real Louisiana taste.Loved our meal last night.  Great flavor, great service. 
We started with the chargrilled and Rockefeller oysters.  Both perfectly done.  We also had the crab cakes.  A generous portion of two, that fed four. 
The table had the shrimp creole, the red fish, the catfish special and the red beans and rice. 
Everyone was super satisfied with their choices. 
We finished up with coffee and the creme brûlée and bananas fosters cake. 
Everything was very well done. 
We'll definitely come back.The food here was delicious! Please try the blackened catfish and crawfish. Next time I come I will definitely try the seafood platter, I'm sure it's great!Came here on a recommendation from a bartender at a place on Bourbon. Was greeted pleasantly, sat promptly. Kevin C, our server, was fantastic. Incredibly knowledgable and personable, he made our dining experience great. He patiently waited as we mulled over the menu, offered recommendations and when I asked him what the best thing was on the menu without shrimp (allergy) he gave me a recommendation and offered to have the crawfish sautéed instead of fried in the same oil that the shrimp is. That is going above and beyond! The food was stellar, the service was great, too, and the hurricane was deliciously strong after a long day of meetings. I'll be back when I am back in NOLA in a month for our annual convention! Thanks Kevin for making our night memorable!This was the first restaurant my mom and I went to in New Orleans. We split crab cakes and a salad. Both were delicious. The line can get pretty long in the evening, but worth the wait.This is the BEST GUMBO in New Orlean. MUST HAVE. No doubt ab the chef, environment, friendly staffs... everything is excellent... ... the spot is so good inside Bourbon street (PUB street)3.5 STARS. Good food and service. The oysters were decadently presented and prepared. The gumbo was tasty and certainly worth ordering. The coffee was great! Service was pleasant. Value for the money: Expen$$ive.This was the only place open late on Tuesday night when we were visiting New Orleans. It wasn't very good, but the food wasn't awful either. The food is also not very fresh. It tastes frozen. I thought this place was a chain restaurant like Chili's. I asked the waiter and he said this is the one and only.
I can't remember exactly what drink we got, but it was very watered down. There was basically no alcohol in it. The barbecue shrimp was pretty good. It reminded me of an Asian dish my mom makes all the time. The shrimp was huge too. I had a Cajun Jambalaya pasta. It was very good, but I feel like there was a lot of dairy product mixed in. The alligator sausage was my favorite part. :)  My brother-in-law had the redfish. It was tasty, but rubbery. I assume it is because it might have been frozen. 
The service was great. Our waiter was very funny and helpful. The outdoor seating was beautiful. I wish we were sat out there. Overall, if you are up for a late night dinner and every where else is closed or has no more room.My friends and I stopped here for dinner before going out for the night. I cannot stop RAVING about this place! I have never met such a friendly, attentive, and welcoming staff. The food was stellar and the service was even better. It was the perfect place to get a little taste of the New Orleans culture! I am so glad we ate here!My family and I visited this place for dinner on a Monday evening. We had 6:30pm reservations. We were very surprise to see a line out the door when we arrived. I ordered the shrimp creole which was lukewarm and just "okay". My husband and son ordered the shrimp platter which looked, smelled and tasted amazing. The hush puppies with the shrimp platter were so so good with a spicy kick!!!! My daughter ordered shrimp Alfredo which she says she enjoyed. The icing on the cake was the bread pudding dessert. OMG, please do your sweet taste buds a favor and order this fantastic treat! What a way to end our BIG EASY meal in NOLA.Decent étouffée and Poboy but kinda run of the mill for New Orleans.Got the taste of New Orleans and there was nothing on there worth ordering again. Friend got a seafood platter and he didn't care for it. Pretty pricey, surprised there are so many good reviews but have good for them.Came here for a late dinner on our first night in New Orleans. We had just arrived and needed somewhere to get dinner. This place, located just across from our hotel was the perfect introduction to NOLA. We got the gator tail bites (highly recommend) and a rack of ribs. Food was good, service was good- a solid experience!George and I each had the seafood gumbo and it was truly amazing.  We could have just stayed with bowls of that. We then had shrimp and oyster po boys that were amazing.  We will be back before end of this trip!Yummy!!
This place was a good idea for our party of 8!
We had a little of everything but our favorites were the Duck Dish they had, their Red Beans and Rice and the BBQ Shrimp. 
The waitress we had was really short with us and was too intent on spitting out all of the information she had to tell us and would reprimand us by staring us down if she was talking and we were too...a little weird but not mean :)
I would go back for sure!Visiting NOLA this week while on business and I was looking for a place for all of us to dine last night. I had heard from several others in our hotel lobby that Oceana Grill (739 Conti Street) was a good place to experience authentic New Orleans cuisine. Plus, it was only a few minutes from our hotel and figured that would be a nice way to spend the evening.
We were impressed with everything here. I don't know a thing about Cajun food and didn't know what to expect, but it was really very good. Everyone recommended the jambalaya (not a surprise since we all heard this is THE dish get in New Orleans) and I can see why. It was great. Nicely spiced but not too over the top and filled with shrimp and Andouille sausage, which I'd never had before but really liked. In fact, I'm going to find a meat market on Bourbon Street and take several pounds with me back to Minnesota. I also had a delicious crab cake for an appetizer. It was nicely seasoned and fried just right, not too oily or over-breaded. You could taste the crab meat first and foremost.
The place was busy, but the staff was accommodating. Our waitress and hostess both were very friendly and we had the owner drop by our table and ask us if we were enjoying our meals. Everyone was very friendly and all of this, along with the good food, will bring me back next time I'm in Louisiana. 
The prices are not bad at all and are right on the mark with all the other establishments that we have frequented in New Orleans this week. We were so happy with our visit that we might just stop here for breakfast in the morning before heading back to Minneapolis tomorrow afternoon. 
I really liked Oceana and would definitely return here! Thanks for making our trip to NOLA a memorable one!Good place to come to with family. Although the design of the place didn't seem to smart. Was sitting at a table with my family with a view of the stairs and I saw a waiter trip going up the stairs carrying a bucket of dishes. Luckily he wasn't carrying people's food! Great service though, and definitely recommend people trying this place at least once on their visit to NOLA.What can i say...RAMSEY. This manager basically ruined the whole experience. From the stand point of another manager in the industry. Shame on you RAMSEY. It was uncalled for. You are rude. You need to rethink you customer service tactics and even reevaluate if you really should be in this industry. I made sure to over tip Allison the bartender to make up what you lacked in professionalism. Just know if you come to this place and order a steak and ask for medium and send it back 3 times. RAMSEY isnt going to ask you if you would like something else instead. Hes going to tell you that you have to pay for it NO MATTER WHAT. He is also going to just throw your already sliced open steak back on the grill. If you know anything about steak this is A EPIC NO NO. Thanks RAMSEY for ruining my meal. Thanks for ruining my boyfriends meal. Thanks for making your employees lose money for your lack of very basic customer skills. Please NEVER apply for another managment position. The only thing you managed to due was completely turn me off to your resteraunt. Please never treat another paying customer like this again. Being a bully isnt cool.We wanted to end our trip in NOLA with Gumbo, and Yelp had a 10% off check-in deal, and we were 10 steps away from it, so why not? They boast to have the "world's best gumbo", and it's pretty good! The rice and bread served with the gumbo left some to be desired though. Oysters were fresh and delicious, not much of a "fishy" taste.This is one of my favourite restaurants in the French Quarter.  The food is excellent, and the prices are considerably cheaper than other restaurants in the area.   A dozen oysters is $12 here as compared to $15.50 at Acme.  BBQ shrimp and the duck was excellent. My wife had the pecan crusted drum, and it was fabulous.   Portions are large as well.  We come here every time we visit New Orleans.We loved all the food that we ordered. Appetizers, entrees, and desserts! Service could have been much better.Great and convenient place right across from my hotel. The staff are friendly and great to talk with,  the food is soo gooooooodddddddddd lol. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner and there open pretty late so whenever your hungry come here for some good food drinks and all the friendly staff, from behind the bar to the servers and greeters.Great French toast and crab cakes! And the Maw Maw's breakfast is delicious! And don't forget to get a Hurricane.Everything Errol recommend was the bomb dot com. Thank you, Errol for a great experience.Excellent food. Excellent service. Friendly staff. A totally outstanding experience. The catfish lafouche was perfect and my wife had delicious jazzy crab cakes. Totally worth the short wait.
I saw many families here and everyone was having a great time. I would absolutely come back again.I wish I could separate the stars! Let's just say FIVE stars for our server MICHON. She was outstanding and attentive. Our drinks never were empty never had to ask. She knew the menu and recommended a few things. The food well fair. Nothing I'd slap my mama for. My daughter just wanted a grilled piece of tuna. Well it was rare which is the way we all like it but it have no flavor except one. Fishy! So it wasn't as fresh as we had hoped. I had BBQ shrimp and it was my fourth restaurant to try it and this one came in third out of the four. Not spicy enough and the sauce was odd to say the least. Wasn't BBQ looked like a rue dark. The bread was pretty good. Also had shrimp fettuccini. Again nothing that said wow! Hubby had a good shrimp poboy. So at least he was happy. 
THE BEST THING WE ORDERED WAS THE GATOR BITES. TASTED LIKE CHICKEN. LOL. THEY WERE PRETTY GOOD. Whether they were real gator who knows. They were good. Lol! 
So food a 2.5 star but service was definite 5 star! Atmosphere was pretty neat. But well it was tourist food. So there ya go.I visited Oceana back in January during the polar vortex (not an ideal time to visit...anywhere), but I have to admit we ended up here twice in one day. First for the barbecue shrimp, gumbo, and a delicious ragin' cajun bloody mary and then late that night for some jambalya and oysters, Oceana style. All the food was super tasty except for the oysters which were doused in some kind of overloaded sauce that was just too much to handle. The restaurant seems like a tourist trap, but for a taste of that famous New Orleans cuisine it's the place to go. We also had a GREAT server named Tiffany. 
Definitely worth a visit!I love this place! They have some of the best fried oysters in the city. The service is usually pretty good as well. The only thing that I don't like about this place is that they don't have happy hour but its definitely on my list of must try places for visitors.First of all, excellent delivery service for a Saturday night.  One of the only places in Louisiana with a decent amount of vegetarian friendly meals, and that's me being nice.. there were like, 3 options.  
By the way, bananas foster is not supposed to be an ice cream cake. Might want to change the title/ description if you're going to have it on your menu. 
It was alright, but I'm going to continue to search for better vegetarian food in Louisiana.I can see why most people suggest going here if you're in the area. What a great experience. 
When you arrive at night you'll most likely see a line with at least 20 people waiting. Don't let this discourage you, it's worth it!  We waited in line for  about 20 minutes and once we were inside service was quick. We ordered drinks and food. Drinks came and not even 5 minutes later we were diving into our entrees. 
The crab cakes were incredible. The sauce just added to the seafood goodness. I got the corn casserole. I wasn't expected the burst of flavors and seasoning. It tasted amazing!  Everyone in my party loved their dishes. I have nothing bad to say about this place whatsoever.If you are NOT sure what you want to eat, ASK! The waiter reccomended the BEST food.
Crab Cakes with Potato and Zuccini----YUMMY
MY Husband ate the Ribs---OMG!
Service was wonderful.
We split an awsome Cheesecake!Our first night we stopped here and had the gumbo and blackened shrimp fettuccine. We were floored by the food, especially the shrimp fettuccine! The sauce was cheesy with just enough spice! We decided to go back for dinner again the next night. We had the crab cakes and again the blackened shrimp fettuccine! The staff was awesome, especially Fatima. She was friendly and offered suggestions. I'd definitely be back for crab cakes and shrimp fettuccine again!For the price, not worth it. 
We went in a big group and were seated in the upstairs area, which has a nice ambiance on sunny days. For appetizers we got the oysters, which were quite good. The rest of the meal was average at best. Except for the crabcakes and blackened fish, we didn't really like any of the entrees. My etouffee didn't have any fish in it at all! Never seen a place where the fish in a "crawfish etouffee" was a $5 optional extra, and the gravy and rice (which they gave me) cost $17. And our desserts seemed to be taken straight out of the fridge - the pecan pie and creme brulee were both served dead cold.
One last thing - 3 people in our group of 12 started feeling queasy in the afternoon/evening after our lunch. My wife had to skip dinner to avoid throwing up. So maybe some of that seafood isn't of the highest quality.Service was real good. Thank you Lloyd. 
Had the gumbo which was ehhh ok didn't have anything but rice in it 
Alligator bites were delicious though and highly recommend going with the blackened.Things don't get no better than great food at a great price!!! I love the Seafood Platter & Oysters! We actually going today!Loved the grilled oysters. Alligator bites were also quite tasty. Side Caesar salad was subpar. Errol was our server. He was great. Loved his voice and friendly demeanor!It was great, I guess that's why there is a line outside to get in but it goesf fast. The food is good, service and desert! Would recommend.This place has a fun ambience, good vibe for the most part and serves dinner late.. But the food was mediocre and the drinks were watered down to say the least! It seemed like a tourist trap.. On the pro side the servers were friendly! But the food came so quick leaving us wondering how long ago it was cooked..We didn't know where to go for good seafood and we were pointed here -- Thank You Bourbon Orleans Hotel Staff!! We were only in NOLA for a quick few days and only two of them included dinnertime -- both of those dinners were spent eating Oceana food!  Not only was the food absolutely scrumptious the other thing that particularly impressed me was a gentleman (possibly the owner??) actually recognized us from the evening prior, came over and made sure everything was okay and even offered to give us a couple of drinks on the house!  That was particularly impressive that he cared about these obvious tourists and the quality of our meals and dining experience.  Bravo for him!  We plan on returning to NOLA and Oceana will definitely be our go-to dinner restaurant!I wish I would have taken a picture of our meal. I only had appetizers: a crab cake with crawfish gravy and red beans and rice. After the appetizer i knew I could not eat another bite (although I wanted to). The servings are huge!!! My husband proceeded to eat blackened smothered red fish with greens. He enjoyed the meal but he was stuffed. 
The place looks small from the outside but it is extremely large with multiple levels and a courtyard. Really great casual place to grab dinner in the quarter right off of bourbon street.All other food is ruined for me because this was so good. We got the loaded fries, the shrimp gumbo and the alligator po-boy. The po-boy was a little dry but the condiments and the sandwich fixings kind of made up for it. The fries are would really impress me. I cannot stress enough how great these fries are. They are drenched in a cream sauce that I would probably eat off the floor. The fries had a great crisp and salty flavor, they're what every fry wishes they could be.This place was so good! We are in from out of town and our waitress Jordan was wonderful. We had the fried alligator bites (personally liked the fried over the grilled) and I had the bbq shrimp. Everything was awesome and the drinks were on point as well. Thanks again to Jordan for a great evening. This is a must visit if you are in town!!! Gave it four instead of five because our table was kinda sticky...Food was great and the wait staff was awesome. Waiter Chris was very helpful in helping to decide what to eat. If there wasn't so much to see and try out would eat here again this trip. Will return when back in New OrleansDelicious food, strong cocktails and at reasonable prices. The jambalaya pasta was delicious, as was the Alfredo and the duck. The surf and turf special could have been a bit better though as the batter on the squid was very thick and as they grew colder became very hard.Loved the deverse menu. I went with a large group and everyone was able to get what they wanted, especially my two vegetarian family members. Yes, the crab cakes lived up to the hype. Very very good!Seriously the best breakfast/ brunch in town.  Best biscuits and gravy I've ever had!! My 11 and 12 year old boys devoured their food. Husband says best grits. We were in town 6 days and have been here twice for breakfast so far. Servers Deanne and Pamela are awesome!!2nd time here. Food is amazing. Bloody Mary's are exceptionally delicious. Geaux hereWe weren't too hungry but when the food came outit was so tasty.  The shrimp etoufe, oysters rockeffeler and crab cakes were all outstanding.   Would have given a 5  stars but the grill shrimps was a little saltyService? Less than mediocre. Food? Freaking amazing. Seafood platter is so so so good. Fried oysters, shrimp, and catfish. Yum. Plus french fries and these little potato balls that were so damn tasty. I hateeee mayo, but I tried the louisiana crab cakes and they were out of this world. This was a random stop that I will never forget. This place definitely hits the spot. Just yell at the waiters when they don't give you utensils or napkins. They're nice, but unattentive. Other than that, enjoy!!!We ate here for late lunch and it was a great experience.  Out server took care of our order right away and foot came out of the kitchen in no time.  We shared the crab cake for appetizer and the Ahi Tuna sandwiched with crab meat then topped with crawfish tail, it came with jambalaya and veggies.  We ended it with Creme Brûlée and all was amazing!Loved everything! Has the grilled alligator (awesome) the red fish was amazing oh and they have the best bloody mary!Muy buen sitio, atención de primera y excelente comida, nos hicieron un descuento que viene con esta aplicación, úsalo!Order a dozen of raw ouster, as usual, amazing.. Can't really mess those up.. The food was good but service made it even better. (No picture of oysters but they were huge!!)Solid oysters for sure. Went there for 3 dozen, naked, Rockefeller and charbroiled. Naked were by far the best. Great prices and open late, definitely going back given its ideal location right adjacent to bourbon.This place was recommended by a local and it didn't disappoint. The crab cakes were AMAZING. The Best of New Orleans dish was really good. Great service at the bar. Would definitely recommend this place. Bartender Josh was excellent.Dinned here twice now and was very pleased with our service as well as the food.  The Cajun Jambalaya Pasta is excellent as is their crab cake appetizer.  Last night I tried their Po Boy for the first time and was very happy with it.  I asked for half shrimp, half oyster.  The sandwich was huge and very tasty as Po Boys go.  I've had better but this was pretty darn good!  Overall, this certainly isn't the best that NO's got to offer but it's a great go to place when you're just undecided what a where to go and just want consistent good grub at a reasonable price.Great food at reasonable prices.  Always visit this restaurant when we are visiting New Orleans.  The jambalaya and gumbo is delicious.Nice little spot right off of bourbon. Great food and great service. Wait staff was friendly and swift and the Daiquiri special was bomb as well. Would definitely recommend. Pricing is on the high side though.I convinced my family, a party of 9, to come here based on the reviews on yelp, and the usually long line waiting to get into the restaurant. When we arrived, I thought we had great luck because there wasn't hardly anyone waiting to get in. The building itself is really neat, and we were promptly seated. That's when things took a turn for the worse though. The waitress came to ask us for our drink orders, and didn't return with the drinks for approximately 15 minutes, and didn't even bring everyone's drinks. I had to wait another 15 minutes just to get a glass of water. A while after that, she eventually returns to take food orders. After at least 30 minutes of waiting for food to come out, someone brings our food, but there are 3 orders that are missing. So we have to wait another 15 minutes, then when we got tired of waiting we asked another server if he knew anything about where our food was. He went to investigate for a brief moment, and the rest of our food came up shortly after that. The food was ok, but definitely not great. I had high expectations for this place, but was very disappointed.Fun atmosphere. Wasn't my favorite food. Would not recommend the fettucinni alfredo. .So far the worst place i have been in The french quarter, i had a 1/2 docen of raw oysters wich were already separated from the shell wich made me realize is these are not fresh just opened oysters. besides the texture of these oysters were just... Not to be eaten. I gave them back and waited for my bbq shrimp, to get another dissapointment, bad seasoned, it didnt taste fresh either and you get just two little pieces of bread to dip into yr shrimp bbq, no lime, it was kinda gross anyways, i just had a couple of the shrimps.
This being said, Go to Acme, Deanies, and Felix's oysters, they will have much better food than his, i just came here bcs it was the only place opened, and i guess they used to be good at some point, thats what my friend that works at a club in front says.The alligator sausage po boy is delicious. I thought it had just the right amount of seasoning and it was slightly spicy. Warning to those who don't consume pork, go home! Everyplace serves pork out here and this sandwich is no exception! This place has the feel of a large pub with plenty of dining space. We ate upstairs at a small table that seated four. The waitstaff was friendly and fairly prompt. I'd go back if there weren't so many other places to scratch off my list.Amazing. My second time here and this time for breakfast. New crab corn cake benedict. So delicious. Amazing staff and atmosphere and prices too.Service was great.  Food was pretty good.  Loved the atmosphere.  We ordered gator bites (half fried-half blakened), turtle soup and fried shrimp platter.  More than enough food for two people.I ordered a half dozen raw oysters and a half dozen of their house chargrilled oysters. The raw ones were very meaty without a lot of liquor. For a buck a piece I liked them a lot better than most of the other oysters I've had back home in San Diego. The chargrilled ones were amongst my favorite food items of my whole trip, I may have to come back again for more before I leave! As other reviewers have mentioned, the place has a very clean, corporate, chain-restaurant feel to it. The afternoon I went there I found it a welcome respite, and the prices were inline with other bars and restaurants, so I didn't feel like I was at a tourist trap.We had some great grilled oysters, awesome cocktails and delicious shrimp dishes. Lots of fun if you find yourself on Bourbon Street!Nice environment, decent food, a bit overpriced. Nothing to get too excited about but a nice option if you want to eat close to Bourbon Street.By far my favorite seafood place that I've been to in New Orleans!! We didn't have to wait in a long line like at Acme. I don't even like oysters but everyone was raving about the chargrilled ones so I HAD to try it and I wasn't disappointed. They were better than Acme's oysters in my opinion because the flavor was SOOO good. Every dish I tried was a 5 star dish! Definitely get the Bbq shrimp and the duck hands down two of the best dishes of my life!!We visited this restaurant because our driver from the airport suggested it. Our server was Errol and he provided top notch service. He was very knowledgeable of the menu, and made recommendations based on what we told him we liked. I ordered the Mardi Gras pasta and had it blackened, as I expressed that I liked spicy along with a mimosa. My husband ordered the gumbo with alligator sausage and a Bloody Mary. Errol made certain his sausage was cooked to his specifications. Great food! Great service and we'll definitely be back. We're South Carolinians, so we genuinely appreciate GREAT food!FANTASTIC place. LOVED the crab cakes smothered with crawfish sauce! Big for an appetizer too.My husband and I went there last night. This was our 2nd time. The first time was 4 years ago. So to start with they seated us  and then no one showed up for a long while (must be busy) other than that , food was full of salt. Even that is okay.. but my husband got an extreme upset stomach , when I say extreme that mean up all night going to the restroom four times. He ate the oysters, not me and yesterday was our first meal of the day. So that makes sense, the oysters were the culprits. Oceana needs to pay attention to their service and food grades.Friendly people working here and good food. I got a cheeseburger and it was very good. My mom got grilled shrimp and loved it. The portions are big and I will definitely be back!Came here while my mom was in town. We had their famous oysters. She loved them and I did too. We both are not oyster fans. I had the crawfish etouffee'. It was good and filling. My mom had a catfish po-boy. She liked it as well. Right now I'm watching the Kitchen Nightmare episode. I can't believe this restaurant was in this state. The day we visited we did not see the owners. I am actually glad too. It is a good restaurant but you can definitely find better and cheaper outside of the french quarter.We got a great service from EZRA G. In addition to one of the tastiest dishes of sea food in New OrleansWe ordered 4 entrées, a side, a dessert and everything was delicious. Our waiter Dave was an absolute gentleman and very helpful.Yum, yum, yummy!  Oceana Grill Saved New Orleans!
This summer, my daughter and I spent 2 weeks sampling local foods in Biloxi and New Orleans and I got so tired and bored with the STANDARD FARE of fried/broiled/grilled alligator, shrimp, crab cakes, sausage, trout, catfish, raw oysters and Boudin Balls that a single meal at Oceana Grill made the trip worth it!  Hallelujah!
Wherever we ate the quintessential jambalaya and etouffee tasted the same and there was a marked absence of vegetables of any kind - no greens at all!  WHAT?  It seems that all restaurants shared the SAME recipes and the SAME chef!   I am not a fried-foodie so I thought at some point I would see a vegetable but nooooooooo, none , not one ............... until Oceana.   Hallelujah. praise & thanks!
At Oceana, the food looked the way food should - no fried crust - just food that LOOK good and tasted even better!  I ordered the ''Taste of New Orleans'' which sampled Creole jambalaya, craw fish etouffee, red beans & rice with smoked sausage and sauteed vegetables -  it did not disappoint at all.   Free at last - I ate my belly full!
My daughter ordered soft shell crab, Oceana's Famous Oysters and Oyster Rockefeller and we almost bit into our fingers!  Yep, it was THAT goooooodddddd!  Hmmmm, Hmmmm!, Hmmmm!   
I have NEVER had anything that good - talk about the smokiness of the sauce, the mild cheesy flavor - it hit every taste bud on my tongue!  Good Lawd Have is Mercy! 
The food was fantastic at lunch and the 'doggie' was equally great the next day.
I recommend a stop at Oceana Grill the next time you visit New Orleans.  You will not regret it!Just finished dinner with the wifey...
1. Chargrilled Oysters - Amazing!! We licked the plate clean! 
2. New Orleans Sampler - A bit salty but overall good nothing to rave about. 
3. Shrimp Creole - Wish I could return it. Smelled and tasted of stewed tomatoes. 
4. Seafood Gumbo -  First time having gumbo in LA so I can't comment but didn't leave any impressions here.
5. Banana Foster - This was great! 
6. Service -  Our waitress was great, friendly and knowledgable!First of all, our server Errol was excellent. We had one in our party that couldn't stay long so he rushed her order in so that she got a chance to try the crabcakes. And they were great... lots of crab with little filler. 
Errol suggested that I try the special the omelet on special... can't remember the exact name-- Wendell with a crawfish sauce. It was delicious! Oh, we started with the special Oceana charbroiled oysters... they were the best I had in New Orleans-hands down. Great restaurant suggested by a family member and definitely in my NO hall of fame!It was a rainy Wednesday night and all through New Orleans people were looking for good food. Well I think we stumbled into it as my family visited Stephen our sublime server. He made great recommendations for my sister who doesn't eat seafood and my niece who was much older then the kids menu, but wanted something off the kids menu. I personally enjoyed my Cajun Pasta which isn't too spicy for those who are afraid of spicy stuff. All in all the variety is great for atmosphere, service, and location.The food was excellent! The atmosphere is exactly what you would expect for the location. A nice place to get great food including an off the chart desert menu without breaking the bank!We ordered a few things.... The poboys were awesome! We ordered both the shrimp and oyster. Ordered the taste of New Orleans as well which changed my life! I will not eat Cajun food again unless I'm Nola. The crawfish étouffée was excellent, red beans was official, the jambalaya was good, but the other 2 were more my favorites. 
The bread pudding was tasty, the sauce for it made it perfectThis is known for seafood with New Orleans flair but we enjoyed breakfast here even more. The Pain Perdu was truly awesome. Service was great and atmosphere was super. Something for everyone.I'll admit...I only wanted to come to Oceana because of it's appearance on Kitchen Nightmares. The place does look a little different than it did when Ramsay was done with it, but the food was amazing. I had their signature dish, the Redfish Oceana. It came out within 10 minutes of ordering and it was great! We stayed a while after just sitting at the bar and the place never slowed down. A steady stream of people the whole time I was there. The staff was also super friendly. It was a good experience and I'd come back. Kudos!I get to try a lot of restaurants traveling for work over the years and I have to say after a long day working a trade show the last thing my 10 coworkers and I were prepared for was a long wait. But sometimes that can't be helped. "Hangry" I described myself to the lovely young woman greeting us at the door. Ashlee took my playful sarcastic banter and served it right back at me! She was adorable and a great representative for the relaxed atmosphere inside. I acted like I couldn't wait to eat but I could e talked to her all night. The food was exceptional and the service unforgettable. If I wasn't only here until Friday I'd make it a point to go back and eat here again. Natalie knew the menu inside and out and served us quickly. There wasn't a single mistake in our party's order. Loved the bread pudding with raisins. The little bit of zip in the chicken Alfredo made it a zesty alternative to the traditional way it would taste most anywhere else. 
Thank you!I've eaten here several times over the years (although apparently I've never reviewed it) and the food is consistently good. 
Went with a large group and everyone really enjoyed their food. This time I ordered the knife and fork ribs and they were delicious. Had some crab cake, which was also good. Had some fried fish that others had along with a taste of the cajun pasta.
Everything tasty and like nearly every place around, the service is good.After a long day on a swamp tour without eating all day, my friend and I were ravenous.  My friend was craving catfish so I looked up catfish restaurants on Yelp.  The Oceana Grill popped up immediately so we decided to give it a try.  It did not disappoint!!!  My friend ordered a fried catfish platter, and I ordered A Taste of New Orleans.  A Taste of New Orleans comes with creole jambalaya, crawfish étouffée, a smoked sausage, and red beans and rice.  This was, by far, the best meal I ate during my trip to New Orleans.  The jambalaya is made with shrimp, alligator sausage, onions, peppers, and a creole sauce.  I was worried that it might be too spicy, but it was perfectly seasoned for my liking.  The crawfish étouffée is a delicious Cajun stew made with crawfish and served over rice.  And finally, the red beans had an incredible, alluring smoky flavor!  This was a meal that made me want to lick the plate clean!  In addition, the service was impeccable, and the atmosphere is amazing.  Be sure to check out this marvelous restaurant during your visit!Exceptional bar service from Josh A. along with great food and drink recommendations. The Barbecued Shrimp, Oysters Rockefeller, and the Crabmeat Cakes were outstanding. Having recently relocated from Seattle, we have high expectations for seafood and the Oceana Grill meet/exceeded our expectations. It was so good, we went back the next night!That oysters Rockefeller were amazing. Absolutely delicious! We also had the crabcakes were the absolute best I have ever had coming from California and San Francisco , I think it saying something. It's a very casual environment casual brick neon lights and I must say the food is a little slow coming out of the kitchen but it's worth the wait absolutely!Waited 30 minutes out in the cold to get into this place so I had high hopes. It did not disappoint! I ordered the Cajun Pasta that comes with shrimp and alligator sausage and it was absolutely delicious. I definitely recommend!!!Oysters were to die for!!  Best bartender, Rachel, was a sweetheart.  Everyone was friendly.  The crab cakes were delish but very rich.  Étouffée was the best I've every had.The service was fantastic but the food wasn't. The atmosphere feels like a sports bar and so does the food; lacks in presentation and taste.I was raised in south Louisiana and live in Nola. I rarely eat at these types of places in the quarter since there are so many other authentic dishes to be found outside of the quarter. However, my tourist friends preferred to eat in the quarter so I chose this place based on the reviews. In short, I was embarrassed. One friend ordered the "award winning crab cakes". I'd love to know what contest awarded them because they were NOT seasoned.  Two other friends ordered poboys. I've never seen a poboy this tiny, nor barely dressed.  I ordered the Greek salad with grilled shrimp. The shrimp were bland and this salad they call "Greek" was simply lettuce, two slices of tomato, and two slices of onion . NOT a Greek salad in my book.  And it filled up MAYBE 1/3 of the bowl it was in. As my friends ate, I waited 3 minutes to get some salad dressing before I had to get up and ask for some. Come one people give me a break. I left hungry.  
I was hesitant to eat at a place like this in the quarter, and now I know never to do that again. I'll be sure to take my friends out of that tourist trap where they don't know what southern cooking is, to a neighborhood place like uptown, mid-city, or the Bywater for some REAL damn food.  Or I'll just cook it myself.  As for the service, it was ok. Nothing to write home about. If it weren't for the average service, I'd give one star.I had breakfast here....woa....I didn't like my food at all.  The place is fun looking and I saw others that liked their food.  I had an omelet with tasteless shrimp, old sausage and hard rice mixed into the omelet.  Sounded good when I read the menu but definitely a huge disapointment.All I can say is the BEST food in town. Better than Saints and Sinners!!!! Applause! Applause! To the chef and staff! Great job guys. Will definitely recommend to family and friends who will be visiting NOLA soon.This is the second time I'm having this dish within 4 days! This time Pamela was the best!The reviews are completely off! Yelp has almost never let me down, but the people reviewing are the same people that go to Times Square and eat at Bubba Gump shrimp. This place feels like a red lobster in with a Cajun twist. Avoid the oysters! The grilled oysters are fine. Barely worth a mention. The raw oysters were huge and had none of the fresh cold brine flavor that one looks for. Avoid. You've been warned.The crab cakes with crawfish sauce was nice. The crawfish fettuccini was super good. The bread pudding with the rum caramel sauce was also good. Our server was super nice the entire time - quick and attentive. Would recommend if you want a quality meal for a reasonable price. Sit upstairs!Got oysters? 
No matter what else you order, definitely order the House Famous Oysters. Its a plate of Charbroiled Oysters smothered in garlic Cajun sauce. So delicious. We also ordered the Blackened Chicken Plate which is served with some Jambalaya and Greens. The chicken had just the right amount of Cajun spices and was pan broiled to perfection. Even the greens were tasty. We paired the food with the Nola Blonde Beer. For desert we got the Chocolate Kahlua Mousse and it was RICH. Great food, must visit.First off just about anything you eat in Nola is great !!! I had the New Orleans sampler and the kids had blacked chicken with collared greens and mashed potatoes !!! Amazing was so good I brought food back to my boyfriend to try back home the day I leftGreat New Orleans style cooking. Quick and good customer service. Probably will eat here againAmazing food and amazing service!Everything here was delicious especially the Mardi Gras pasta-still dreaming about it.  Can't wait to go back again !Ok first... you are like: I don't know... but trust me this is the place! Food is awesome.
Had the Red fish , but wanted to try the crawfish ettoufe... waiter was sooo nice and " acomodated" my meal so I could try things I wanted.
Hubby had the duck, delicious. 
Here you cannot go wrong, excelent service, food, drinks ... you name it, just awesome!Definitely a great restaurant to try in the French Quarter. I enjoyed the crawfish etouffee.Pros:
- Food was delicious, we loved everything! For two people we split: Crab Cakes, Gator Bites (my first time trying alligator, I loved it), and the Seafood Platter
- Our waiter, Cole, was super nice!
- We had booked so we didn't have to wait! Definitely do the same, if you don't you will have to queue outside
Cons
- Just minus one star because the room was quite dark and the AC was blasting so I was chilly during the entire lunchI found Oceana Grill to be a bit underwhelming. I was drawn by the line stretching around the building during lunch, and decided to come back for dinner service. There was no wait which was nice, and the service was acceptable. I found the food to be just "average". I had the fried oyster platter. I tried the bread pudding for dessert and found it to be underwhelming as well. By and large it is ok, however the price is not worth the quality. It is a bit campy in its decoration ( think bubba gumps). Suitable if you're trying to find a place to take your in-laws, but not recommended if you want authenticity & flavor.We had high expectations for this place but were let down. The door girl was extremely rude to us (short African American girl with glasses). Our waiter was amazing though. The food was decent but nothing exciting.Had a good lunch here. The crabcakes ($15) were good but the cajun fries ($13) were better. Good overall  service.Nice little "dive" with great food and outstanding service. Our server Jordan was top notch and the Taste of New Orleans plate was perfect. My only critique would be they have a very limited beer selection but I'm a bit of a beer snob.Awe this place was spectacular for dinner so we tried it out for breakfast the very next day.  I had the St. James Crepe with tons of crabmeat, shrimp, onions, bellpeppers and cheese.  Oooh my stomach just growled.   Was really great.  It was $18?!!!  
Willie had the country breakfast with scrambled eggs, hash browns, biscuits, grits, sausage and bacon.  And he ate it all too so i guess it was good.  $11
We love this place and will come back at next visit.
Service is stellar, quick and boy do they turn those tables.  They keep 'em clean, everytime we emptied a plate they were right there.. i dig that.
Always crowded.  Located right on Conti Street close to Bourbon Street.We stopped here for a totally serviceable lunch. We told our server we were in a hurry and she did everything she possibly could to expedite our meal, which was really impressive. I had the "taste of New Orleans" which I thought was an excellent and safe sample. Unexpectedly to me, my least favorite part was the jambalaya, while I really liked the etouffe. I was glad I was able to try both as I would have have predicted this. The red beans were a bit overcooked for me, and were completely broken down, but still tasty. The sausage was fine but maybe the least interesting part of the meal. Everyone else's food didn't look as good, I thought (chicken salad, tuna...) - it seemed best to stick to the local cuisine. It was definitely fine and very easy, but not notable in a food city.Really good drinks, delicious and savory food! Theirs chargrilled oysters are delicious with the cream sauce, definitely a must have! Perfect location and serves food until 2, amazing!!!I'm giving 4 stars because of our great service from Mike and we really enjoyed the crab cakes. I think the rest of our food deserved 3 stars, none of it was bad, but it was very forgettable which was sad. Had a catfish poboy, gumbo and sautéed red fish with crawfish cream sauce. I can't say I wouldn't return because I would, but if I only had a 2 day vacation and planned meals at 4 restaurants - this wouldn't be one of them.Finally, a meal in the Big Easy worth writing about.  After fair to middling meals, we decided to try Oceana.  Normally wonder about places when the Hop on/off trolleys forced discount coupons on us, but Oceana was definitely a surprise, nice atmospheric brick walls and pillars, friendly staff and great food.
Carol ordered the Alligator bites appetizer...which had a great breading and spicy dipping sauce, but it was still alligator. 
I ordered a Tidal Wave "Juggles Favorite. "  Which is 1800 Silver, Midori and Tropical juices.  Excellent!
Carol ordered Jambalaya on pasta which was very good.  I had Crab cakes with a crawdads gravy and mashed potatoes and collard green, which I enjoyed.
Dian, however had the Oceania Red Fish with fried crawdads.  The fish was over cooked and had a part so dry she couldn't even eat it.  She said it was bland and under seasoned.  
They offered her another puece, but by then she was done with it.  They didn't offer any price reduction or dessert.
So three out five...just ovoid the red fish.Someone could probably punch me in the face and I wouldn't give any less than a 5 star review. Fast service, friendly staff that is very attentive and easy to find, food is fantastic..Beyond measure. 
The oysters make you want to slap yo mama. Our oysters in VA are not this big. These are huge. I think a half of the oceana chargrilled is fine for 3 adults. Talk about mouth watering! Get some extra bread to sop up the sauce!Food is consistently great!  Been here many times and will keep coming back. Service was friendly and polite but very busy.Good jambalaya pasta w/ gator sausage. Shrimp creole was bland, but they give you hot sauce options.  All in all, - good pic.Awesome service, wonderful atmosphere, and the restaurant did not disappoint.  My daughter wanted to come here after watching chef Ramsey help with the kitchen and restaurant. Thank you all for the wonderful service.Great food. Awesome service. The best crab cakes in New Orleans. And Me Errol is the best.Overrated. Shrimp were supposed to be grilled and they were not plus they were not deveined, my personal pet peeve. My daughter's dish came out after my husband and I were done, as it was prepared wrong the first time. Food was not hot. Heavy, greasy. Not impressive.Ordered delivery while staying at NOLA during Christmas. Crab cakes were pretty big, adequate amount of crab meat, and I liked the sauce. Gumbos can never go wrong here. Jambalaya pasta was very tasty. One of the reasons I ordered the pasta was that it has alligator sausage, just wanna try it. The crawfish over fried fish was also good. BTW, NOLA food are generally a little salty to me, hence I commented less salty. Just FYI
Came back again for lunch. Tried their oyster in addition to their gumbo, jambalaya and Etoffee. Have to say Oceana is the least salty restaurant I have been to in NOLA haha. And jambalaya pasta is still our favorite!The alligator here is amazing best food I have had in New Orleans! I highly recommend this place staff is awesome and it has a great atmosphere. I will definitely always come back to this restaurant.Great food and priced just right. Our waiter Mike was charismatic and had the ability to find something to relate with all his guests as he worked his tables. With so many restaurants to choose from this is surely a place that stands out once you have a bite!Awesome, love the interior and the food did not disappoints! Great attention from the waitress, I see my self coming back for sure.the food here was great although we were looking for craw fish in our last night.  but this place had dishes with crawfish in it.  the bbq shrimp was bomb! i asked for my meat to be medium and it was cooked a little under but still good.  last meal before we got on the plane.  the customer service was outstanding.  good food and great timely service!This was the first place we are when we arrived in New Orleans. The drinks earned most of the stars on this review. I enjoyed the Sazerac I ordered. The waitress was friendly, but, we waited a while before we finally got to order. 
My husband and I ordered the oysters Rockefeller for appetizers. I only ate 1. I wasn't impressed. 
For dinner we each ordered a cup of seafood gumbo and we shared the tour of NOLA platter. The gumbo was too fishy, even for seafood gumbo (Visit Tujagues for GREAT seafood gumbo!.) I didn't finish my cup. The crawfish étouffée was awful. I LOVE étouffée and prepare it once a year at home during crawfish season. Theirs tasted like dirt and neither of us touched it again after the first bite. The sausage was good, the red beans and rice were ok and the jambalaya was good.
We ordered a bread pudding for dessert and it wasn't bad, but it was underwhelming.
Overall, I give it an "eh." I won't go back. There are just too many AMAZING places to eat in NOLA to wait in line for this "ok" one...Unless you go there before 5 pm and not on long weekend, otherwise it's 1 hr wait. Food is good especially their award winning mushroom with crawfish creamy sauce. I don't like the grilled oyster here, a bit too creamy for me but it's goodWe eat here every time we come to New Orleans and it has never disappointed us yet! Food is always awesome and the staff is superb! Ask to sit in Bridget's section, she's a real delight!Oceana is the best place for brunch in the FQ. We came everyday. They had the best gumbo and étouffée I've ever had! This being my first trip to NoLa and all. The first time both dishes were hot and full of seafood! I almost had to change my panties it was so good! Came back the next day (Monday) and ordered the same thing. Whomp whomp. It was barely warm, watery, and barely a shellfish in sight. I guess we had the leftovers, which wasn't much, and they added water to make a serving. I was too hungry to care or send it back. So I subtracted a star. But still go there and order these dishes, just ask when it was made.This highly rated a little dingy diner off Bourbon street has great service, but, unfortunately, very unpredictable quality of food. Case in point: came there for breakfast on Monday and ordered Eggs St Luis. The dish was excellent - with eggs perfectly cooked, crab super fresh, cheese beautifully melted and muffin deliciously saturated with the sauce. To die for!!! So much so, that we came the next day for more. Ordered same dish, and got dry tasteless muffin, overcooked eggs, and cheese that literary just came out of a store-bought package - chunks of it, not melted at all! Go figure. With an abundance of great choices in the French quarter, we will probably not be back. A pity though, these eggs were great, the first  time we ordered them, that is...This review only pertains to the breakfast foods. We ordered the eggs Benedict, seafood omelette, royal omelette, and the eggs melanzana. The service was friendly but the food was subpar. It was either heavily seasoned or barely seasoned at all. For the price we paid we don't think it was the worth it. We might give it another try for dinner but definitely would not come for  breakfast.Famous chargrilled oysters are amazing!!!! Not great beer selection, but that's not why you come to Nawlins.  Must stop by and try this a eatery while visiting French Quarter.I walked into this place not knowing what to expect..and well I don't regret it...we had crab cakes..and I will say I think they are the best I've had..we also had oysters which I'm not a huge fan of...but this place made me reconsider how i feel about that...I definitely recommend trying this place.We went here tonight because it was valise to our hotel and we didn't want fancy. Staff is very friendly and attentive so they get the 2 stars. We ate out in the patio, comfortable and the enclosure blocks the wind.  I had the redfish, partner had the duck.  Food was just ok, we won't go back, nothing special and there are too many options in this city to settle for mediocre. Oh, also ordered a cocktail which was pretty weak.Just love this place! The crab cakes are the best and I want to eat here everyday for the red beans and rice!Pretty good.  Oysters fried a little too hard tonight.  Bout to try this bread pudding though.  So stay tunedThe food, atmosphere and wait staff were all excellent! We had a party of 6 and everyone's food was delicious! The crawfish etouffee was the best I've had. The oyster po-boys, alligator bites, seafood platter, bbq shrimp, and crab cakes were all great according to my friends at the table. The desserts we tried, bread pudding and bourbon pecan pie, were scrumptious! This will be a regular go-to on our trips to NOLA!Went here for both breakfast and lunch.  The food was pretty good so we came back the next day for more.  The price was pretty comparable to the going rate of food these days in New Orleans.My boyfriend and I went there and had the jumbilya pasta and the seafood gumbo and it was awesome. Our waiter was awesome his name is Errol.  I recommend this place and will go in the future too.Chargrilled oysters still yummy. The gumbo was just ok as was the mardi gras pasta which was kinda plain(added lots of crystal hot). Beers were cold and service outstanding! We still will come back but gotta stick with the oysters, redfish and crabcakes.The gumbo is abysmal. The tiny crab was more a garnish than a bite, would not have been legal size where I come from. Bartender was just fine. 1 rye, but no oranges tonight so they can't make a sazerac or an old fashioned in NEW ORLEANS. Good local beer selection, otherwise avoid.Great food! Excellent atmosphere.
Gator bites and the full Rockefeller full dozen !! Next to Bourbon Street a truly great place.CRAB CAKES AMAZING ... Honestly we ordered the po-boy ( shrimp ) .. The crab cakes is what they are known for and I could see why ... EnjoyJust got to New Orleans and this is the first place we went to! Came here from Florida and this restaurant is great. Food seems a little pricey but they definitely fill you up! Shrimp & cat fish was very good.Ok I took a chance on this place based on their menu in a tourist magazine. I was not disappointed in the food at all. I started off with the char- grilled oysters and I have to say it was delicious. Being from the North they were Delish!The seafood gumbo was on point as well. Our waiter who was excellent said this gumbo is the closest thing next to homemade. Well the invite did not come so I have to say this was the best I tasted down here. The crab cake was so so as it had a lot of fillers. I would not order this again. I also had the blackened lobster bites and these were also very good. I would recommend this place and would definitely come backDelicious po boys! HIGHLY recommend the blackened catfish! We got the shrimp and catfish po' boy as well as the crab cakes, delicious! We also had the banana fosters ice cream cake- but could barely finish it from our delicious meal! Great service from Jerline (sp?)!There breakfast is the bomb love it. There hush puppies are to die for and the sauce. Ask for Deanne she a great waitress so niceMy husband and I had dinner at the Oceana Grill and I recommend it highly. We were seated immediately &  the service was absolutely top notch - our server Guy was so helpful, prompt and friendly. 
I had a Po Boy and my husband had the catfish special with gumbo etc. Both were absolutely delicious and came quickly to our table. The highlight of the evening was the chocolate mousse. It cannot be described. You have to try it. The restaurant was very busy and had a fun atmosphere. We would definitely eat here again.Another gem in Nola! Monday night before Fat Tuesday on bourbon street and the service was good, surprised me! Also, the food was wonderful! I had the side Cesar and the Jambalaya pasta, I don't do spice hot food, the pasta had just enough kick, and a whole bunch of flavor. My friend has the gumbo, and enjoyed it. Glad we stopped here.I must say that they have THE BEST FRIED OYSTERS! Also, the service was awesome. I think that this is a great place for a late night meal.We stopped in for a quick bite to eat today. Enjoyed a shrimp Po boy. The bread and  the sauce was just outstanding.  Whitney was our server and was incredibly hospitable and friendly. We had such a great  experience we will be coming back for breakfast before we leave.Great place.  Service was good but what makes this restaurant is the food. We had crawfish, red beans and rice, BBQ shrimp, and seafood gumbo.  Every thing was so full of flavor it was like a party going on with every bite.  We liked it so much we tried their breakfast and it was equally wonderful!  This is a must try when you are in the Quarters!I don't know why this place is getting such high marks, but we weren't impressed with the food at all. In fact, I would say that this was the worst restaurant of all those we visited in New Orleans. I would go so far as say that our food we got at our hotel was better.
Anyway, I tried the Gator Tail Bites (half fried and half blackened), a dozen of their "Famous" Oceana's Oysters, and the Fried Oyster Po-Boy. Maybe I'm just not a fan of Gator Tail, but I didn't think it was anything special. If you're new to it, I definitely recommend skipping it since it's like chewy chicken.
The Oceana's Famous Oysters were by far the worst. There was barely any oyster and it was drowned in their butter sauce. It reminded me of what you might get at a Red Lobster.
The Po-Boy was decent, but not worth going there just for that. I tried 3 different Po-Boys and this was the best of the 3, but not by much.
Overall, we paid way too much for very mediocre food. If we ever come back to New Orleans, this is a place to skip.Crab cakes are delicious also pasta and chargrilled oysters and good as well I love this placeWe stopped by on a Thursday night for dinner and it was quite full. It's right off Bourbon Street so I guess that's expected. 
Not the warmest greeting at the door. We asked for a seat inside, though they also have a nice courtyard in the back. The ambiance was a little loud but that could have been just the parties that were having dinner that night. The atmosphere is nice with this red hue around you, sort of like you're in a club. They also have many clocks on the wall, each one showing time from a different city in the world (cool!).
Our server was really nice. We asked for no straws with our water and she paid attention to our request (yay!). She also gave us meal recommendations because their menu is quite large and, actually, so are their portions.
We ordered one of their specials, the red snapper pontchartrain. It was quite tasty. Especially the creamy sauce that covered it. The snapper had a blackened rub, it was nice and flaky. It also had shrimp in it which were well done. The was a side of yummy collard greens too. 
We followed this with dessert. Bread pudding with ice cream. It says a lot that the ice cream was nicer than the bread pudding. And the portion was so large that we couldn't finish it.
Overall it was an okay experience, food-wise. It's just that I believe there are better options in the French Quarter.This place was great. Food was delicious, service was quick and attentive. Don't miss the gator bites and the grilled oysters. Both were amazing. 
I would absolutely recommend this place for authentic nawlins food. 
We walked in Saturday night around 8 pm with a party of six with no reservations. We were seated within 15 minutes.Granted we were hungry but there was no need to bring out the salads, appetizers, AND entree all at once. Mediocre food and bad service.