Old Absinthe House is a New Orleans icon, and I agree with other reviewers that it is a respite from Bourbon St.  It's basically pretty low key - an old dive-type bar, serving drinks (not 4 for 1 daiquaris out of a machine).  We stopped by for Sazeracs which were satisfactory, but the rating is more for atmosphere and people watching.  Try to sit at the part of the bar nearest Bourbon St. for people watching.  The "zombie walk" is quite amusing from here, and occasionally a reveler will stick their head in, and seeing the sedate atmosphere, immediately exit.Dark and dirty....with a cool vibe.  The absinthe was very pricey....go to Pirates Alley instead!A chill, Day Drinking Spot!  They have Coors Light and a Jukebox!  Shifting gears for the night......Cheers!Got super excited about this experience . I had not had this drink properly concocted  like I had seen in films . Had it not been so packed and super loud  I would have had a better experience . Probably my fault fantasizing about it being a certain way.On our first night in NOLA we decided to stroll along Bourbon on a Sunday night.  For Bourbon it was pretty mellow overall and we did not want to get an alcoholic slurpy.  Looking for a place a little different, so when we spotted the Absinthe House we decided to partake in their namesake drink.  I live in LA and $15 for a drink is not uncommon, but for NOLA that is definitely on the high side.  The overall place was alright but the bartenders were pretty aloof.  Of course I really don't blame them.  If I had to deal with obnoxious drunk frat boys all night long, I would be a little pissy as well.Stopped here for our last drinks in New Orleans before heading to bed for an early flight home. I got the absinthe frappe, which was decent, my family stuck to traditional absinthe. They let the street artists wander around inside looking for a quick buck, and my mother had this guy draw her picture. It was just weird to me that they let them do that, but hey when in rome I suppose. They also have a jukebox with typical new orleans themed songs and more popular summertime hits. I apologize to everyone in the bar that night because my mother played that Kid Rock all summer long song about 10 times in an hour.First, the Bad:
The place is touristy, the beer selection isn't good, the liquor selection is passable, and the prices are high.
Now, the Good:
The Absinthe. They serve it with a flashy twist on the traditional style: they light it on fire. Hard core absinthe conisuers will snub their nosess at this, but it does nothing bad to the absinthe, but is does make for a fun experience.Don't go! Went last night (3 locals) and had the worse, most overpriced drinks eva! Been there MANY times and never encountered such rude, unprofessional bartenders in my life. Although I love the atmosphere, I'll NEVER go back! Pass it by and go up the street to the Chart House, where you will encounter cool folks, great drinks and NICE, attentive servers. Such a shame that this iconic place is being run into the ground by a bunch of nasty servers, who appear to hate what they do for a living.We came here for the Sazerac, believe it or not! The absinthe drinks run about $20 a pop, so we went for cocktails (~$13 each). My boyfriend got the Sazerac and I got a Ramos Fizz, a NOLA drink id heard about but hadn't seen at other bars. It was yummy and worth a try! This bar itself is very tiny, but unique.Madcrazy overpriced.  Filled with typical Bourbon Street nimrods.Cool bar.   Just a low key place where you can have a drink.  Bartenders are really friendly and will joke around with you.   We have a lot of fun here and frequent a lot.This is my second visit to the old ab house. The first time was definitely memorable...in a good way. The second was the exact opposite. I'm thinking the experience is dependent on the bartender and the bartender this time simply sucked. She said, "what do you want?"  I had a few questions, she walked away. My husband tried too....nothing. We finally ordered a sezerac for me and a Mata Hari for him. The sezerac was way to heavy on the bitters and the mata hare was a big glass of yuck. We had the same drinks last time and they rocked--sorry the drinks and the service affect the experience so much.Skip it. Out of ice in august? Bartenders beyond slow and unpleasant.Had  a delicious and extremely strong breakfast hurricane here, it was a cool old place to kill a little  time in the morning before bourbon street crowded.I'm not a very huge drinker but in New Orleans, it is so ingrained in the culture, and like the saying goes, When in Rome !!!!!! The French Quarter is so alive all the time and full of these bars with character to spare!!! I found NoLA to be like the anti-Vegas---less sleazy, scoring low on the douche/skank factor, ridiculously cool,  and bursting with genuine culture. My friend got an absinthe drink (that contraption with the spoon and sugar cube was enough reason to order the drink) while I enjoyed the light and refreshingly cool Pimm's Cup, recommended by the bartender. Drop by this funky pirate's den for a good drink and a break from the crowd. Thumbs way up for the surprisingly clean bathroom.I went there back in April during Jazzfest, me and a few buddies just went bar hopping in Bourbon Street. The atmosphere is amazing! This is the oldest bar in New Orleans and is quite historic. Being old fashioned I heart this place more than the other bars I crashed in. I tried the Old Fashioned and the hurricane drink and whoa! it was definitely a new experience for me . It's expensive but I will soon return for part 2!!It's basically what everyone has said. 
It's a dark dirty grimy NOLA staple. Service is usually meh and the Absinthe is expensive. 
You should probably go once. Probably. 
Should you get anything other than Absinthe here? No. 
Should you expect much in regards to experience. Meh.
And that's it. That pretty much sums up this place. (Shrugs)At first glance - nothing special vs other bars on Bourbon.  But then - I spy a couple getting an absinthe drink.  The bartenders serve it up traditionally or in unique cocktails, so if you've never tried absinthe this would be the place to do it.  The way they serve it up is part of the experience of ordering the libation.Hole in the wall bar with a fireplace and popcorn machine right on the corner of Bourbon and Bienville.
It has been said that this bar has been visited by many a historic persons like Mark Twain, Franklin Roosevelt, Oscar Wilde.. Yet, I'm thinking it's not quite THEE same or even quite the same location it once was.. Fun, nonetheless. There's sports memorabilia all over.. business cards covering a wall.. The thing that stood out the most for me was when we were sitting at the bar, you're sitting low. Like, usually you can sit at a bar and rest your forearm comfortably and grip your beverage but here-- the bar was near my head. The stools sit low. That was different. But they have hooks to hang your bag on the bar! Woot.
Good stop.
Try a signature cocktail.So this is also one of the oldest bars in Louisiana. Lots of famous, historic people have come here including Mark Twain, Roosevelt and Frank Sinatra!
I had two types of drinks---the Sazerac and Clandestine Absinthe (106 proof for~$20). I thought both were strong, but of course particularly the latter. It's real absinthe from Switzerland (birthplace of absinthe)---with the intense licorice aftertaste. I couldn't even finish it since it tasted pretty bad haha. It's only ~50% alcohol but that was enough to get me. 
Anyhow, it took awhile to get my drinks, and it wasn't so much a busy night. I also got carded, ugh. Service was just less attentive. There was a street brawl occurring right outside of this establishment (it is Bourbon street afterall) with cops starting to surround the emerging crowd. Low and behold, my two friends almost got caught up in it. Some crazy moment that was!15$ Absinthe House Frappe. 
I understand the liquor and the mysticism and everything behind it. I understand the necessity to over charge tourists on things they may not get anywhere else. But seriously? Ew. Get drunk somewhere else, and swing in to have one beer and enjoy the atmosphere.While absinthe is not something you'd drink (or should) drink on a regular basis, this place was a total gem and cute find during our recent stay in New Orleans.  Our cocktail tour brought us here as our last stop and we enjoyed learning about absinthe and seeing the bartender (who was an absolute doll) make the concoctions.  It was a little too strong for our liking so she poured it over ice and added some root beer.  The outdoor shaded seating was also an added bonus on a VERY hot and humid day.Seem like a nice friendly place I didn't only had a drink a the front bar and it was early in the night so it was quiet but I would come back to have another shotMy experience at the Old Absinthe Bar was unique in that the bar was DESSERTED. My mom and I popped in for, what else, some Absinthe, during the Sugar Bowl. With all the Virginia Tech and Michigan fans that had flooded the city during the day busy at the superdome, we had the bar, literally, to ourselves. 
We were shown all the absinthe options and given a little explanation of each one by our very knowledgable bartender, Jessica. A second bartender even made sure I knew the correct Sazerac technique after noting the "sazerac kit" I put together from Vieux Carre Liquors earlier that night (herbsaint rinse, rye whiskey, 3 dashes peychaud's, 2 dashes angostura, mix with ice, drain into glass with lemon rind). 
What really stood out was the tour we took. Having read the yelp reviews and seeing someone had suggested to take a tour, we immediately asked our bartenders if that was an option. Jessica quickly went to make sure Jason, the resident tour-giver, was around and available - and lucky for us, not only was he around, he was very bored (again, Sugar Bowl, the place was dead). 
Jason is studying to be a history professor and it shows - not only did he tell us tales of the Laffite brothers, Andrew Jackson, Napoleon etc etc, but he did it with such gusto! Truly fascinating. Even my mother, who not an hour before was begging me to go back to the hotel to sleep, was completely absorbed in the story. Very very cool, and HIGHLY recommended. 
Next time I'm in New Orleans, I'll be sure to try and grab a drink in the back bar, it's separated from Bourbon street with a massive slab of wall (brick?), so it's isolated from the noise and bustle and features the original bar, ove 200 years old. It's where you would expect mob bosses to meet and make deals (probably also were the DID meet and make deals). Very cool, very quiet, very refined.The Old Absinthe House is a dive with pricey drinks.  This would be ok if the quality of the drinks was consistent.  In the afternoon, I had a very good Ramos Gin Fizz but the next evening it was horrible.  The thing to keep in mind is that if you standing at the intersection where Old Absinthe is, there are much bars a short walk in any direction.  I'd skip this one.Awesome bartender dope spot in the midst of a not so impressive Bourbon street 
Tried absinthe - kinda gross but interesting and now can check off the bucket list!
This place was cool because of its history and local'ish'ness vibeReally enjoyed our Bloody Mary's and the waitress was...fairly friendly. But, there's a big crowd so I would NEVER want her job! ;-P
Fun atmosphere with all the walls open to walk straight in from the sidewalk-great fun! In and out. Then, in again! HahaIf you are a first timer in New Orleans and wanting an Absinthe experience in an old New Orleans bar, this is definitely not a place to skip. Perhaps it's one of the more famous bars in New Orleans. They do the sugar cube and fire over the drink which is exactly how it should be.
Get ready to pay $20-30 for a little glass of it though. I've been here twice and feel like it's more of a touristy thing to do then anything. It's a harsh tasting drink that tastes like black liquorice. If you drink it fast enough, you'll catch an interesting buzz.
Next time though, I'd rather spend that money on a bottle of Jack.I want to give this bar more stars, but it gets a little lost in the hustle and bustle of Bourbon Street, and comes out less of a true absinthe bar, and more of a bar with "Absinthe" in the name. Don't get me wrong, they will pour you absinthe and even light sugar on fire for you, but this feels almost like some sports bar that was converted almost as an afterthought. Honestly, if it was in another part of the city, I think it'd have a better time of being something other than a glorified Daq-shack.Was expecting to get a cocktail with absinthe in it, but even their Sazerac doesn't have absinthe. We asked if they would make that for us and the answer is yes but you would have to pay for the absinthe (around $20) plus an up charge for the rest of the drink. And it looks like a dive bar, so you're not paying for the atmosphere. I got a decent gin and tonic for $10. The bar tender was very nice and working as fast as possible but for some reason she was the only one serving the whole bar. So unfortunately the service was slow too. Disappointed overall but if you're willing to pay an arm and a leg you can get a big glass of absinthe.The variety of character in the diff establishments right in the middle of a major tourist area is what blows my mind most about Bourbon street. Across from Hustler club is a place like this, a true dive bar that is as real as they come. The waitresses here are friendly locals, ready to share a story or poke fun with ya at the drunk tourists. They were playing a Simpsons marathon when we went in, so we knew we had found a good place. 
When in Rome ... So I had to try the Absynthe. She handed me a menu with full descriptions and I chose Grande. She did the whole production. Sugar cube on fire, water mix. It was awesome. And the drink was very nice. We hung out here for over a hour just chilling with the ladies and enjoying our cocktails.Just slightly off the main strip of Bourbon, The Man and I casually walked in here for a mid afternoon drink.  The Man being from Virginia still gets a lil starstruck when he recognizes an actor or actress.  I think it's rather cute.  Anyway...  he noticed the guy sitting across from us was the dude from 3rd Rock From the Sun.  Not John Lithgow or the youngest dude that played Robin in the latest Batman flick, but the other guy.  Ya.. you know which one I'm talking about.  The quirky one.  Anyway, I noticed the bartender pouring a Jack into a water glass almost to the rim with a splash of coke.  I looked at her in awe as she said to me, "It's a double" and handed it to quirky actor guy.  He ended up drinking a couple of these and still managed to walk out checking his twitter feed.  Much respect for quirky actor guy.
Needless to say, my man had 2 drinks and was plastered.  This is not an easy feat.  He's a professional drunk.  
Go to this bar.Really cool and chill atmosphere specially to be right off of bourbon street. Only thing is the absinthe was pretty expensive. We got the grande absinthe for 19 bucks, but let me tell you! Absinthe is that drink to either get you in the mood, or chill you out after an argument ijs.I would consider this a must see bar in New Orleans. It is allegedly the oldest bar in the city and it def looks like it when you walk in. The seating is sparse and there is typically only one bartender so if it's busy it's not to easy to get drinks quickly. Our bartender was very old school and not the most experienced person I've ever made my drink seeing that we had to tell her our order 3 times before getting it right and she even forgot the water we asked for. One plus is that there is a cozy fire in the back of the bar so if it's cold out and you need to warm up, there are a few tables by the fire. The entire bar is plastered with people's business cards for whatever reason. I would suggest coming in here for one drink, two at the most but def don't plan your night around this place. It's boring real fast.The bar has a good vibe.  Old and new business cards cover the walls and (very dusty) football helmets hang above the bar.  There is also a fireplace that is lit and great during the colder nights.  
The Absinthe will run you $18+ a glass.  Very cool to watch them make, not so good to drink...but I'm not an Absinthe drinker.  Food is ordered from a neighbouring restaurant which is good, just not what you'd expect.  A definite must visit.Stopped in for our last stop of day drinking and by now I have learnt - alcohol ain't cheap in NOLA. Just like any spots along Bourbon St, your guess is as good as mine as to how much drinks are. BUT it is vacation... or so I told myself.
The place looks old (historic would be the nicer term) and probably has some history behind it (but no one told me any stories). Bartender lady came across as a no-nonsense type. I asked what's their signature drink and she pointed to a sign on the wall.
Absinthe at 1pm on a Monday sounded like a bad idea, so I went with the Ramos Fizz. BF got a pint of cheap beer (in theory, not in price - I think it was $5)
Here comes the fun - bartender cracked an egg, raw egg white went into a glass (MY glass to be specifi). Then more things went into the glass, including a few drops of I-don't-know-what-but-that's-a-white-vinegar-shaped-bottle. All topped off with milk and she shook it all up and now I have myself a Ramos Fizz. All for a "bargain price" of $12!
BF looked at me with a certain disgust on his face and said "you better like it because I'm NOT drinking that." Even I wondered what I have done. But NO WAY I'm wasting a $12 drink - so with a little reservation I took a sip, AND IT WAS GOOD! Not strong though, and for $12 I would have wanted more liquor.
Overall it was a fun experience - rather pricey, but it was different. The place was unique, friendlier service would have helped (maybe tell me something about the joint?). If you do stop in, do give the Ramos Fizz a try!The best on Bourbon St.
The atmosphere here is completely different than the rest of Bourbon... a welcome little escape from the chaos where you can have a good cocktail, chat with your bartender, and maybe learn something new about absinthe.
Shout out to my girl Julie who knows a thing or to about making a drink and has that Southern hospitality on deck! Having her as our bartender was completely worth the trip to Bourbon St alone.Great place to hang out. Don't bother getting any absinthe - I was warned away from what passes as the green fairy there by the bartender herself and opted for Irish whisky instead. Still a great place, and one of the most convenient for those "I'm strolling through the French Quarter and need a bloody mary to go" stops.  Met a few characters there, including one guy who had one of those unique Louisiana first names, like Everett, or Beauchamps or Atticus or something, who said, "I've had 24 girlfriends and I have two kids and I'm not gay." Not that I'd asked or anything... He said it five times, at least, while buying my drinks and staggering around with his own, and with the four top buttons of his shirt undone. Despite this dishevelment he was a gentleman. And I was not accosted.
Another thing - I forgot my debit card there (well, you know, it was a long night and I needed to head over to a jazz club across town with a photographer I'd met from Getty and I'd had a few whiskies and ....) and picked it up the next morning, paranoid that someone had used it while it was out of my hands. Not to worry - it was safe.I like this place because it's right on street corner in heart of Bourbon street. Their absinth is pricey but yummy. Hot dog cart outside woohoo!I never tried absinthe.  The great-dressed bartenders knew the product inside and out and recommended some to try based on my taste preferences. 
Great service, in an upscale dive with a variety of absinthe to try.  Absinthe is about $20-$30 per glass.  It's served in smaller wine-esque glasses with a sugar cube atop a strainer, lit on fire, then water is added to dissolve the cube and transform the clear-green liquid to an opaque potent concoction.  Even the not-so-licoricey flavor tasted of licorice.  My tongue became slightly numb after drinking it.  I was feeling pretty good after this glass for a liquid lunch!Bar.
A good dive bar for quick drinks. Their Bloody Mary is really tasty here. The bar is located right on bourbon street so there are many tourists in here. Waitresses are very friendly here. A bar I will be returning to because of good Bloody Marys and friendly service.They have specialty cocktails and it's Bourbon Street.  I'm not sure where you can go wrong.  The server was... not so smiley but knew her stuff.  I'm sure she says it a million times of day.  Cool insides- business cards everywhere, old football helmets, brick.  It's cool.I'd give less stars if possible. 
Came for the experience and rude bartender couldn't even light the sugar cubes.Way overpriced for such horrible service. 
Would only recommend to worst enemies.Finally made it here after all these years. $30 for 2 weak drinks by bartenders who could give a sh** that you came by to interrupt their day. Don't bother.Only reason for a 4 is I probably need some food on the menu - it's a great bar   Famous for absinthe drinks (surprise!) but any drink is high quality and the atmosphere is cool - fireplace, business cards staples to the walls and hand drawn portraitsI really liked this place. It wasn't too loud any time we went. The absinthe is GREAT and the bartenders pour it well. On our second visit, we didn't get such great service, and one of the bartenders kind of ruined a mint julep for us, but we still drank it! Be warned, the absinthe is STRONG and EXPENSIVE, expect $15-20 a glass, but i promise it's worth it!if u wanna party the right way stop here 1st off plane get a couple absinthe shots in they sort of pricy but worth it, good way to start having a fun timeJean laffite's blacksmith shop is one of our favorite places in New Orleans, due to the affiliation we decided to try the Old Absinthe house-- biggest waste of time and money. The service was among the worst we  have ever experienced and the drinks surely did not have the accurate alcohol amount. 
The lady behind the bar was nearly insulting she was so rude; She put a splash of alcohol in the mixed drinks; all while complaining about wanting to leave and get off as early as possible. 
Worst New Orleans experience ever.Really cool bar. Did not drink absinthe like my friends but enjoyed searching the walls of business cards. Found a few from current and recent employers. Stop in. Neat bar.Typical Bourbon street dump.  Lots of better choices even on Bourbon O, street.  the smell was so bad couldn't get myself through the door.Great place to drop in and grab a drink.  I've been coming here forever.  Great place to catch a game!Looks like an oldest bar around bourbon street. If you love absinthe, you should give it a try during day time. Unless you want or like to squeeze into the rowdy crowd at night. I'm not a fan so only giving 3 stars. Waitresses were average.Cool dive bar.....vintage football helmets hanging from the ceiling, business cards lining the walls, tasty drinks.  Loved the fireplace!  This is a unique and interesting spot, indeed.  The bar stools are too short for an average height person to sit comfortably at the bar.Went there last night,my beer was not good coming from the tap of Coors lite. But,my wife long island was good tho.Rude server, weak, pricey drinks. Go to Laffite's blacksmith shop instead-- better ambiance, stronger drinks, friendlier crowd. #YOLOLots of locals warned us not to bother with Old Absinthe House; they said it was touristy, overpriced, and that there were better places to get absinthe cocktails. However, at 10 AM on Sunday, they seemed to be the only bar open, so we ended up going in. I have to agree that the drinks were a bit overpriced, and not the best cocktails I had in New Orleans, but they were still fairly good. The bar had a surprising number of people in it, considering how early it was, and a chill, laid-back vibe, though I'm guessing it's less chill and laid-back later in the day. The sazaracs were a bit too sweet, but otherwise pretty good. At $10 though, they were on the more expensive end of the price spectrum, and this was the diviest bar we had them at, so definitely a bit overpriced.Terrible service. Only the barback around and he just kept staring without explaining where the service was. Waited 15 min and then just left..  I have been coming here for many years.   I love absinthe and they have a good variety.   I hate Bourbon Street but I like absinthe.  7 choices here and all good.  They do know how to serve it.  Study up before you arrive.  I have had this with Belgian friends so I enjoy it. I have had such excellent service here every time I stopIs it old? Is it a dump, that looks as though the entire building could collapse, at any point. Yes, and this is why this place is so great. Tons of character here, and this place will be a must stop, each and every time we come to NOLA.
Friendly bartenders, and most importantly, they serve absinthe- the real way. Expensive. Well, yeah, but what the hell do you expect being on Bourbon. At $19+ for the Grand Absinthe, it's not something you'd slam down like a shot. Sip it, and enjoy it. I mean at 134 proof, what moron would slam it. Ok, maybe I know a few that would...
Overall, a really cool vibe. Unlike most bars on Bourbon, this place seems to be a more relaxed, older crowd. We chased the "Green Fairy," but unfortunately, I didn't experience any hallucinations. Maybe next time, I'll drink two, and see what fun evolves.
Good times!I went to New Orleans with a couple of friends over the first weekend of November 2013. They had both been to New Orleans on family vacations previously, and their wives said they could go to New Orleans on a "just guys" trip if I was along to be the designated good influence, which was a bizarre concept, but we went with it.
A visit to the Old Absinthe House was #1 on my list of things to do, and we went there on Friday afternoon, right after returning from the airboat ride through the bayou. (That was fun too)
I have long been intrigued by the whole absinthe ritual. Unfortunately, the absinthe fountains at the Old Absinthe House no longer function, and they light the sugar cube on fire with is a showy touch but apparently a modern affection. Still, I ordered Absinthe for my compadres and I. 
Absinthe isn't something I could have all the time, but we enjoyed the adventure. We returned every afternoon (the bar is small and gets crowded quickly in the evening) for another drink before continuing on down Bourbon Street. (I kept on with the Absinthe). 
Our last stop in New Orleans before going to the airport was to go to the Old Absinthe House for a mint julep. 
Unexpectedly, the bar is NOT particularly fancy inside but I do appreciate it's history.The bartenders should know the drinks! I ordered a mint julep, but ended up with bourbon over ice with some squished mint leaves in it (even their menu stated it would have simple syrup in it, but nope absolutly nothing sweet or good about this drink) after a failed attempt to get it fixed I decided to try my husbands drink, he got the Absinthe Suissesse which after waiting 5 min to get (bartender claimed in the 3 years she worked there she had never made it, um 1. shouldn't you know how to make the drinks on your menu and 2 no wonder my mint julep was so yucky) the drink was really good (hence the 2 stars) WARNING if you do not like the taste of black licorice do not order this drinkabsinthe...yummmm...fireplace for the cold nights...the rest is like you read already...expensice...service spotty...but still cool.Last time I was in New Orleans, absinthe was illegal and we had to make do with Jagermeister -- This time I had a properly prepared absinth cocktail at The Olde Absinthe House. The bartender did the whole thing with lighting the sugar cube on fire quite spectacular and cost $16. from there we moved on to  sazeracs... plantar's punch and I'm not sure what happened after that.This is a very good place.  It is in the "Red-Light District" of Bourbon Street and is a much appreciated welcome sight to see than all those peep-show establishments.
The bar is rather small.  Actually, that is pretty much all that is in the room.  There is a small bathroom in the back that is very dirty.  Well, most bathrooms in the Quarter are dirty because people are usually to drunk and pee and let gravity take over.
One good thing, and pretty smart in my opinion, is that they offer free popcorn.  Makes you want to drink more.
I am a big fan of mojitos now.  Mostly because they taste good and have less calories than most other drinks.  Something like 150 calories.  
The mojitos here are pretty good.  They used a bit too much mint, but that was okay.  The drink was very good and there is nothing like walking the historic French Quarter with a refreshing mojito in your hand.Fun little place, although I like the Pirates Alley a little better.
I am an absinthe nut.  I love love love the stuff.    We were drinking 2 or 1 beers here that day with the absinthe.  Needless to say, there are parts of the eveing that I do not recall.  
They also serve chartruse, which to some is disgusting, but I dig it.  
I'll totally go back, especially for the beers at happy hour.The drinks are not that great if you want a "proper" cocktail go to Fat Tuesday (kidding about that, but not really) don't waste your money here! But I did catch a Pokemon lol!!This is where everyone local seems to meet up after a nice looong lunch in the Quarter and it is an especially crowded epicenter around the Friday before Christmas and around Mardi Gras time.  It is always generally full and there always seems to be some interesting people in there.  The prices have seemed to be getting way ridiculous over the years and many people have just resorted to grabbing three for one drinks at the Bourbon Cowboy across the street and bringing them over.  They take credit cards but when they are busy it usually is much better to use cash here or you might be waiting awhile.  The bartenders are usually very efficient and get to you rather quickly all things considered when it gets crowded.Ordered a sazerac. The atmosphere seemed chill but I was quickly put off after being required to present a receipt to enter the restroom. To make matters worse I was then told I only had "2 more uses for that receipt." I would leave fewer stars if I could. 
Also it stank (cat piss).Touristy and divey. Yeah, it is that. But Old Absinthe House had something that I was sorely seeking: air conditioning. You see, I had messed up. I had tried to walk from the French Quarter to the trolley to get to the Garden District, leading my hapless band this way and that way. As my friends know, however, i am hopeless when it comes to directions. Enter Old Absinthe House.
We were hot, tired, and thirsty. I had already tried to go to Napoleon and Arnaud, but both were closed when we arrived. I was getting desperate, and was on the verge of just dousing my face with a hand grenade. Seeing as how that is a horrible idea, I'm glad I found Old Absinthe House. Inside, it is dark and cool. Business cards line the wall, and the place has the feel of age about it. There were a decent amount of people milling about, and our group was able to snag a table in the corner. My friend and I ordered two Sazeracs. The grand total? $24. The taste? Robitussin. Fortunately, I wasn't in Old Absinthe House for a tasty drink, I was there to take a load off. For that purpose, it was much better than the other random pizza joints and tourist bars that litter Bourbon Street and other parts of the French Quarter. 
So, if you're looking for a relaxing place (during the day) on Bourbon Street with expensive drinks that taste mediocre, Old Absinthe House should fit the bill.Let me preface this review by stating that I hate Bourbon Street. It is loud and smelly and full of people who thinking being drunk at 8 a.m. is getting life right. With that being said, I think the Old Absinthe House is one of the best bars I have been to. 
Visiting New Orleans, I made sure to stay far away from the margarita shops and strip clubs but on our last night we remembered that the Old Absinthe House is one of the oldest bars in New Orleans (est. 1847). I mean, Mark Twain drank at this bar! Knowing this, it was my duty to brave the debauchery of bourbon to have at least one drink at the Old Absinthe House.
The decor is a little silly and not what I was expecting. There are football helmets hung all around the bar area. But if you are a football fan, it is a lot of fun trying to find Steeler helmets from years past. 
The bartenders were amazing at this bar. Ours was a cute girl with a little pixie cut that definitely knew how to make a drink. While I know I should have gotten absinthe, I did realize I had never experienced a Sazerac, which is a New Orleans staple, so I had to try it.  Rye whiskey is something I feel romantically attached to so it was spot on what I love in a good cocktail. My friends did try the absinthe and they were pleased as well. The Old Absinthe House was the best way to end a great trip in an amazing city.Came here for their signature absinthe drinks.  Service was slow drinks were good I had one then left since I'm not an absinthe fan. Cool old divy bar that's part of NOLA history. The prices  were expensive the drinks were strip club prices.We went a month before mardi gras season so it wasn't packed and had a great time at this stop. This is a fun bar to check out... and enjoy some cool new and familiar drinks. Known for the absinthe drinks which tasted pretty good. If you've never tried absinthe, think of a strong black licorice flavor. My friends weren't all that thrilled with them. :P I really enjoyed them tho.
* Absinthe Frappe - strong and sweet. simple ingredients to let the absinthe remain the hero. 
* Irish Coffee - had to get one... bold and refreshing, nicely prep'd except for the added cherry on top. 
* Had this one drink that had egg white in it that my friend got, that thing was really good... looked interesting when they mixed it. I'll try and remember the name.
* Sazerac - strong. whiskey and absinthe with a little bitters and sweetener added
You'll also find yourself with a wandering eye, the dense decor is local, nostalgia french feel. I kept looking around the room in case i missed anything. I'm sure I did. 
Service is friendly and pretty fast. Bartenders were cute to. Prices are a little high, but was fine. On vacation, a couple bucks more ain't gonna hurt.
Bathrooms aren't that great, small and kinda stinky. Hold your breath! The "pee-trough" is filled with ice (which i saw a lot in places along Bourbon St)... pretty funny.This is an above average bar on Bourbon street if you are OK with the format. They do not have live music, or the large rowdy crowds that many places on the street attract. But if you want a bit quitter place where you can chill and carry on a conversation this place works well. Of course you can try some very over priced Absinthe here as well in addition to your normal drinks.Good booze.. way more casual than we thought it would be. When a place writes about their former famous clientele you show up with a few preconceived notions. Friendly staff!Our favorite stop so far in NOLA!  Drinks were good, awesome atmosphere with the doors open, and the Cajun popcorn you have to have.Looking for a cool place to observe the antics on bourbon st? This place is great. Pimms cup is very good. Would definitely return.Likes: delicious drinks, open bar stools, playing the NFL games, and free popcorn.
Dislikes: gross bathroom with a non locking door and extremely slow service.The only thing that keeps this from being a five-star review is the prices.  I didn't indulge in the absinthe, but I paid an arm and a leg and a kidney and a kneecap for the Jim Beam I imbibed all night long beneath the awesome football helmets and warm, warm fire.
Other than the exorbitant drinks prices ($9 for a Beam and diet; $6 for a Corona in a plastic cup), The Olde Absinthe House was a hit, both for me and for the rest of our large party which, in addition to most of us Chicagoans (who, in fairness, are more than used to pumped-up prices), included several locals who openly acknowledged they only come here on special occasions because they want to be able to send their unborn children to college one day.
In short: ridonkulous prices and a nasty bathroom (it *is* Bourbon Street, I guess), but the atmosphere and location are fab, and the barstaff was attentive and cool.  And honestly, we were vacationing in New Orleans; we didn't come for cheap boozing.
On a semi-related note, you might want to avoid the adjoining restaurant viewable through the French doors by the fireplace.  One member of our party watched a rat scurry past while the staff was cleaning up.  Gross, sure, but I'm not reviewing the restaurant.Old Absinthe house is a great bar, with a lot of awesome history behind it.
The interior is dark, comfortable and inviting with a unique choice of style and design.  Old football helmets dangle above you on strings, while the walls are plastered in other patrons business cards. 
As expected they offer a wide variety of absinthe, and absinthe based cocktails plus your wide variety of other liquor and beers. 
On the separate occasions I've visited it was pretty busy, but the bartenders were holding it down and we didn't have to wait too long to put in our drink orders.  They gave us a really nice presentation on the absinthe drinks we all ordered (The sugar cube on an absinthe spoon ablaze) 
I enjoy this bar quite a bit, and look forward to coming back when I'm in New Orleans!Our initial greeting by the bartender was so rude and the prices were so inflated, we didn't even bother ordering.  You know your bar is bad when you scare the customer off within 30 seconds.Good Bloody Mary, strong screwdriver, and a willingness and ability to change a TV's channel was all we asked for and all we got.k, so I saw this on another reviewer's reviews & had to put my 2 cents in.  Like a fellow reviewer this place was a love/hate place that YES you must visit when going to the Quarter.  The place is classic but the prices are insane.  I bought an Absinthe drink for me & my friend & walked out of there w/a $60+ tab (WHAT!!!! I better start seening some crazy sh@*t soon!!!!).  The bartender was cool & friendly but due to the drink rates we had to go elsewhere.  At least we could say we had the Absinthe while we were there & got light headed when I saw my tab hahahahahahaOne of the regular hangouts on Bourbon Street.  My friends and I came here thinking it would be a bar which specialized in absinthe...which was probably stupid of us haha.  Anyways, a regular place to hang out if you wanted to get a drink right on Bourbon Street.  However we didn't see much dancing or entertainment as with many of the other bars on Bourbon.A great old joint in the French Quarter. Jess was a great bartender. Had the absinthe. Our first time!This place is great!!!!! I guess the bad reviews came from people looking for a 64 ounce 10 dollar drink and a place to be a douche. I went Halloween night it was busy but i still sat at the bar ordered a absinthe drink ( i dont recall the exact one) then preceded to sip on a adult drink chit chat with people and listen to great music.  It was greatAttending a vendor party on the second floor of this quaint place.  Food was superb.  We had a spicy shrimp pasta, some meatballs and spinach dip. I loved the view down to Bourban Street.  There's no better place to people watch than from above!  Will be sure to visit Absinthe House again when in NOLA.The staff was there to work, that's understandable, but there was nothing beyond that. The history is cool, but drinks are expensive, but the bloody Mary's we had were pretty fing good, and spicy. There is definitely history here, but the place is disgusting inside, nothing has been cleaned in decades. There is over an inch of dust on the helmets that hang, and everything smells of cigarettes.Still awesome after all these years! It's in the WORST (or best, depending on what you're in to) part of Bourbon Street, this little gem is classy, quiet(ish) and the cocktails are some of the best in the city. Get a Frappe and enjoy the view of drunks outside. In the Top 20 bars in the world IMHO.My kind of dive bar. Loved the ambiance. I'd say this is a must stop on Bourbon.Really . . $20 for an Abita beer and shot of Jameson?! If we had been in an upscale lounge  I might have been able to attempt to justify it, but Absinthe House is a total dive. Also, it was filthy inside, as in six inches of black dust and dirt covering everything from the ceiling down. I don't ask or expect much from dive bars but this place is just plain bad.Loved the location, the building, the scene.  A fantastic place to enjoy a happy hour!!!
Hated the absinthe, planter's punch, and all other mixed drinks on the menu (bless that bartender for trying over and over again to make me something I liked!).  I stuck with rum and coke here!  
The women's restroom is a disaster - has to be the tiniest toilet ever!  ha!Love the old school helmets hanging from the ceiling. The bartenders are very knowledgeable about the history of absinthe. They serve it the traditional way with a cube of sugar on a spoon served with water.One of the most over rated bars in the French Quarter. The corner in front is always busy. Drinks cost too much and the bartenders have bad attitudes. I know two people who's credit cards were compromised after using their cards there. The ONLY thing this place has going for it is its location.I stopped in for some refreshment as that southern sun was leaving me a bit parched. I sat down and ordered a margarita on the rocks with salt rim. The woman loved that I ordered a margarita for some reason, and for 8 bucks I was happy too.
2 Margaritas later and some lost dollars in the jukebox, I was happy. I figured you couldn't be called an alcoholic in NOLA at anytime of the day and I enjoyed that non judgement feel. The bartender was nice and it had a different atmosphere from the surrounding bars which I liked.Went here for a last single drink with a friend, his dad, and party before he got married in the quarter. The place was nice and calm (2pm on a Saturday). Interesting history...This became a regular Daytime Stop during our Nola Trip, just like home for people who like to go " have a drink"great staff and atmosphereI've only been to New Orleans a half dozen times... That being said, with all of the hundred or so pubs in and around the French Quarter, I seem to spend a lot of time here... I am not sure why. Maybe because it is not quite as crazy as a lot of other places... Not as crowded. It is a good place to get a few drinks and catch your breath... Then on to the next pub!i come here every time i come to new orleans, i love absinthe. also, the bar is just cool looking/fun to be in. it's right on the corner, usually open air, tons of memorabilia on the walls, as well as business cards and random things patrons have stapled up. (fun fact- my husband and i honeymooned in new orleans a few years back and stapled a napkin up with our anniversary date written on it. just went back a few weeks ago, still up! kinda neat)
 over 13 years of on and off visiting new orleans, and coming to this bar, i've noticed that generally- the bartenders usually aren't that nice. however, they're on bourbon street- i get it. they probably have to deal with a dozen a-holes a day. once in awhile you'll get someone who's fairly outgoing and doesn't automatically treat you like you're a creep. i've been there a few times during an "off" time of day, so it's been just like me and 2 other people, and would hear the bartenders openly gossiping. just really mean, spiteful stuff.  like,..do you have to talk about so and so to your co-worker RIGHT in front of me?can it wait? can you just go out back and talk for a sec? It's happened multiple times. Kinda spoils the experience when you feel tension.
the only other thing about the bar though is that with all the kitchy stuff comes more places for dust to settle, and lets just say....it has. im a girl who really loves her dive bars- this is less of a "old wood/spilled alcohol/slight cigarette smell/patrons with B.O./sticky tables- dirty, and more of a moldy/dusty/what a huge room at a legitimate hoarders house would be like- dirty. 
so, in summary.
the good:the location, real absinthe, neat decor and open air
the not so good: staff's attitudes and the general cleanliness of the place
if the last 2 things are to change, this would be bumped up to a 4-5 star, but as it says on the boxes, this place is just "A-OK"We come here every time we come to the quarter. It's one of my favorite spots.  
They make a traditional Sazerac perfectly and they also make a delicious Ramos Gin Fizz. Service has been consistently great and the ambiance of the place is great.  
They've got an interesting history - the building was built in 1806.While the prices are high, being able to try various absinthes is really worth it. For the Pernod, it seemed like the bartender put more than a shot's worth of the 'potion' and prepared it in an entertaining and (I am sure) traditional way. If I weren't on a grad school student's budget, I would definitely try other options on the absinthe list.They charged my credit card twice. When I called multiple times they had the audacity to tell me to see if my bank could register this as a fraudulent charge because they didn't know how to reverse it. Spent a half an hour on the phone with the bank and they then had to cancel my debit card.  HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!The only good thing is the fireplace. Watered down drinks. I asked for a rum and coke. Asked the barmaid what kind of rums she had. She shrugged and said "house rum." Fine, it's a tourist joint like everything else on Bourbon. It was fairly empty and not busy. Bartender  also lost my card and claimed I never gave it to her to hold the tab. So. Go somewhere else.We chose this bar because of the history associated with it. It was not in evidence. The bar was dark and gloomy. Football helmets hung from the ceiling. Business cards were tacked all over the walls. Even if you wanted to read them, it was so dark in there you wouldn't be able to see what was printed on them.
The bar itself was empty on a Friday evening, maybe one or two other patrons aside from myself and my friend. We wandered into an abandoned courtyard where a plaque was erected in 1950. The plaque commemorated the meeting of Andrew Jackson and Jean Lafitte prior to the Battle of New Orleans in 1815. We chatted with a friendly porter until he was given the evil eye by the manager/boss? The bathrooms were absolutely filthy as well. Both toilets in the ladies room had not been flushed. One had particularly gruesome contents.
This place reminded me of a skanky Northeast Philly sports bar.
This bar was a waste. I stuck to a draft beer, can't go wrong there. My friend went with a cocktail that had absinthe in it, but she said it wasn't done well and regretted ordering it for the price..... So much potential, but it was awful. Much better places to spend money at in New Orleans.Melody is amazing!! Very knowledgable bartender with a great smile and awesome drink suggestions! Always kept my drink fullThe drinks are good and the beer is cold. It is a great place to people watch. Try to get a seat near the doors on Bourbon street.Really really snotty bartender. Complete with eye rolls when I asked questions ! I know they don't need our patronage but really ?!?This place gets extra points for having fireplace. It adds a certain class to the dive bar atmosphere. I had a overly sweet rum punch for $12 but luckily it was very very strong so I got my moneys worth. I think this would be great with your besties or even a boozy tete a tete with a sweet thang. Maybe I will come back to try the absinthe or a ramos gin fizz.I would love this place if a few things changed but currently the cons outweigh the pros to me. 
Cons: 
Pricing is really high for simple cocktails, even wells. They bank on their history and their connection to serving absinthe to bring in Bourbon st. visitors. After buying a single round, I watched people look at their receipt and quickly leave.   
Also the bathroom receipt policy is obnoxious to me. I understand the necessity perhaps on Mardi Gras and other extremely crowded days, but to constantly police their bathroom access is overkill. For the uninitiated, you have to present a receipt of buying something to a bathroom guard to be allowed to use their restrooms. A receipt, regardless if it was a $150 tab or one drink, only gets you 3 bathroom visits. 
Pros: 
The bartenders have always been friendly and quick with their service. No hate on them whatsoever. 
By being pricier than "$5 big ass beers" kind of places, they keep a lot of the drink spilling elbow throwing bros out. You aren't wading through people and can actually escape the crowds of the quarter even on a busy day.
If you're looking to wow a newcomer to NOLA while on Bourbon st. and trick him into trying absinthe (I'm not a big absinthe fan obviously lol) , this may be a fun stop for you.  That being said, it doesn't have legs for me. You get one fancy absinthe service, go ooh and ahh, and move on because you like bathrooms without guards and drinks at reasonable prices.Stopped in while in NOLA and wandering the French Quarter. It certainly has a lot of character.  After chatting with the barkeep, I decided on the top shelf absinthe prepared classically with flaming sugar cubes and all.  Although this has great production value - I couldn't finish the drink.  And I worked at it for an hour.  Ultimately I gave it to a friend.  Turns out no matter how expensive the cocktail, I don't like the black licorice flavor.  So, I'll go back next time I'm in town - but I think I'll have a bloody Mary!
Cheers :)This place looked cool from the outside and the inside, but was ultimately a rip off.
I didn't try any of their "specialty drinks," but I must say $7 for a pint of Blue Moon is preposterous!  Especially when there are plenty of cheaper bars within a one block radius of this place.
On the upside, there were plenty of good TVs, and it is a good place to watch a game.  I would recommend you sneak in there with your own drink and snag some of their free popcorn.This place is pretty okay. In town on business and stopped in since it was the only reasonably quiet place after many loud live music venues. I dig live music, but needed a break for some conversation. 
The staff seemed miserable. The bar is kind of dimly lit and the walls are covered in business cards (?). We went twice in two days and each time we walked in and sat down, there was no greeting. No "what can I get you?" We just had to sit and wait for them to trudge over and look at us, waiting for us to initiate the conversation. 
We had the butterfly absinthe at $20 each (pretty good) and to pass the time while we sipped it, we were trying to calculate the alcohol by volume equivalent to beers (130 proof means 65% alcohol by volume, 6 oz x 65%,etc) and a bartender overheard us and just rudely quipped "you're wrong" and kept about her business. Curious, we asked why and we're kind of berated because "absynthe is not grain alcohol" and can't be compared to beer. Even though we had a spirited discussion about it, it still felt like there was no winning an argument with her simply because we were comparing two dissimilar things with identical components. 
Paid the ridiculously expensive tab and headed to the wine bar next door.I have a hard time rating this establishment since the bartenders were great. Both the ladies knew what was up and down and really treated me like a person and engaged in conversation. 
Be warned, you have to present your receipt to the washroom 'keeper' in order to go. It's a bunch of bologna if you ask me. One drink = one restroom visit. The washrooms were disgusting! One stalls door didn't even close, the other had the toilet paper resting on the handicapped bar. Paper towels everywhere. The bartenders knew it was a crock of sh*t too. 
We met up with some other tourists and were chatting while standing close to the bar, perhaps blocking the walk way just a touch. Any normal person would say excuse me and pass by easily. Hell, you could barge right through and we wouldn't batt and eye (Canadian) but the bar bouncer obviously had it in for us when he told me to "Get the fuck out of the way!" and grabbed the stool and slammed it down away from our group. We left shortly after. I really hope the tips aren't tipped out because those servers deserve it all - F those bouncers.
I wish I could rate this place with less stars. Not a good place for dancing, groups or cheap drinks. Sit, order a drink and drink quietly. Stay out of everyones way!Great old school bar- always a stop when I go to town.  Drinks are a good pour and the people are great to watchI didnt get any absinthe so this rating is for the bar aspect of this place. It didnt really have any distinguishing features (obviously other than the absinthe) that made it special. I will skip this place next time.Simply put.....I would not come back with this poor service. We sat down directly in front of the bartender and she saw us and said hello. She spent the next 5 min texting on her phone.  She turned around and continued texting. I asked for a menu, she gave it to me and continued texting at that point. I said I was done. I wouldn't give my $$$ to any place with that service no matter popular it is. Also they had $6 bottles of beer.I stopped in thinking I would grab a nice dinner at a historic restaurant. I had the filet topped with shredded crab and two grilled shrimp. The sides were potatoes and grilled asparagus. Ok I was less than impressed with the meal. The steak had an odd flavor like it was freezer burnt. The asparagus was over cooked and stringy. For dessert I tried the creme brle. Don't do it. The texture is just not right and the taste was off as well. I have had this dessert in many many restaurants and this was not my favorite. All I'll say, I'll not visit this restaurant again. Maybe their drinks are better...not sure.We stopped here to do a little day time drinking to help pass the time. Upon walking into the bar it is one of the few that has that this is really old and has a homey feeling to it. Maybe it was the fire that was crackling in the background or maybe it was the thousands of business cards on the wall, or the fact it was a older quieter crowd. Well I decided to order a bloody mary and I never quit ordering them until we left hours later. This is a good place that isn't just about getting hammered drunk like the tropical isle's in the quarter.Went and tried the absinthe frappe and it was pretty good. Truthfully I went here because it is hyped as one of the must try drinks in New Orleans and the place is old as hell which is pretty cool. And as much as I want to, truth be told I'm just not a huge fan of absinthe. It always sounds so fun until I take my first sip and remember it tastes like black licorice. Bleh! But hay, if you like that flavor than check this place out for sure!if not the oldest, one of the oldest bars in New Orleans! Such a cool experience to have had a drink where people from the 1700's once stood. The bar tender was down to earth and the drinks were great! Can't wait to go back and experience it all over again.This place was our last stop and I wish we would have found it sooner. Great atmosphere and not busy. Of course I tried the absinthe and it was more fun watching the bartender make it than it was drinking it! It's not cheap, $17 for a glass. I wish I would have read some Yelp reviews before going to NOLA and this would have been a first stop for me.Bar is ok nothing special....
The decor is a bit cheesy and it's so old it looks dirty. I know what a dive bar is but dive does not equal dirty. 
It has a few tvs and the helmets were so dirty I didn't want something to fall of and land on my head. 
It's an old dirty bar that claims they are a dive but has hotel lobby prices. 
The service is bad because it's understaffed. I didn't find anything wrong with bartender she was simply overwhelmed. Such a crowded bar for one bartender seems silly to me. 
The bathrooms were the definition of disgusting!!! 
Worth one beer stop just for the experience but I would not go back. There is simply no reason to go again.The only reason this place is getting two stars is because of the architecture and history of the building. Otherwise, the place is mediocre at best. Poor atmosphere, bad music, and horrible bartenders pretty much make up the theme of this place. Oh, and very overpriced, badly made cocktails. ABSOLUTE WORST SERVICE I'VE EXPERIENCED IN NEW ORLEANS! When I asked for drink recommendations, I was handed a drink menu and given a snide remark. We sat there for an hour, and was never even asked if we wanted another drink. We also witnessed the bartender berating another guest. Hugely disappointing! I'm hoping they can hire some better staff for future visitors! I'm sure they deal with alot of crap on a daily basis, but it still isn't a way to handle patrons.Um. What to say. Well, on the up side, it's in the French Quarter. On the down side, the woman behind the bar was not a people person, nor did it appear she was overly happy about being there.I don't remember a great deal about my time at the Old Absinthe House, nor did I sample its namesake.  I do, however, recall the phenomenal popcorn that we had there.  Spicy and a lovely accompaniment to our beer!Famous place so we had to try it! I got the Planter's Punch which was good but not very strong. The bartenders seemed a little tired/annoyed with us even though we didn't do anything wrong. Maybe just a bad day..? The bathrooms are not clean so go somewhere else if you need to. It's definitely a dive bar! Not bad but there are better places nearby.Typical bar on Bourbon with a very impressive clientele.  Presidents, famous authors and now Yelp's Mel M!  I had to go in since it's a historical landmark and I had to meet the Green Fairy that lives within these walls.  They serve Absinthe Frappe's!  It's about $20 a glassCome here for a shot of authentically prepared absinthe if you dare!  It's kinda a bucket list thing even if you just watch a friend do it which is what I did in my case!Planned on going here for the whole absinthe ritual, with the spoon, sugar cube, and water dripper.  They don't do that!  Don't be deceived by the name.  Do research and find a bar in the French quarter that appreciates the complete experience.This place was the second stop on Bourbon while visiting New Orleans for Mardi Gras.  Me and my friends took the bartender suggestion for the type of drink we should try. The bartender was very nice and helpful even with a crowd.I would give no stars. Waited for 20 mins, flagged the waitress down. She ignored our group. We left with no service. 3 waitresses terrible service.Awesome bar, but very old and kind of smelly. Definitely a dive bar, BUT you HAVE to go to experience it. I got the Butterfly, which was great. The bartender gave us a lot of information about New Orleans and how they make absinthe. The bloody mary is delicious. I highly recommend this place.ehh a tourist trap better places to drinkMy husband got the Pernaud Absinthe, and he really loved it.  The bar has so much history and character that you would love it.  It also seems to have ghosts, so that is also kind of fascinating.  Great place to visit.its like being transported to the past. Old fashion cocktails, the bartenders dress the part. Kind of a mixed crowed; southern bells with their escorts, maybe a transient, maybe the mayor, tourists. I loved it and frequented it while i was visiting. I will be back.I came here expecting to have some fun , it was a rainy day so we stopped in. I asked for a recommendation for a drink, the zombie like waitress did it offer any recommendations just told me she had a drink menu , not helpful at all , how about recommending an absinthe related drink ? The atmosphere was yawn inducing and the only highlight was Sunday football. Not impressed and would not go back and spend money in a place where the bartenders suck.This place is fun and has a very interesting vibe. The bartenders are really nice and they take the time to explain the drinks. The absinthe is interesting as it is hard to find in other places but is a little pricey.we really liked this place and so did our friends.  we went on the recommendation of a frequent visitor to NOLA and we had a good time.  bartenders were friendly and nice.  just a chill place to get drinks with friends.Cool place to hang out. Many different types of absinthe to try but shots are pretty expensive. More affordable drinks with absinthe to try though. Service was a bit snooty for the French quarterI was wondering around by myself on a rainy day of our group vacation and I ended up passing this place and decided what the heck why not.  The bartender was quick to greet me as I approached the bar and was very helpful in recommending a drink.
I chose the clandestine at the recommendation of smoothness from the bartender.  It's been a long time since I bought a $20.00 drink but, I was on vacation and a place like this doesn't come into my view often.  I sat down and enjoyed my cocktail and decided one was enough and I should head back to meet my group.  
During the day this part of the French Quarter (I believe Pirate's Alley it is called) was quite and didn't seem to be overrun with the touristy or bro type crowd.  I will stop back in next time I am in town.Hard to rate cloudy memories from the early 90s, but sometimes you only remember how an experience made you feel, minus the details. Wandered into the Ab-Sin-Th House one afternoon, looking for a dark place to duck in from the heat. Haven't been back to the city since. Drinks were cheapy cheap back then too. But the place has some hauntings, so if you're into that vibe, go & hang out for a spell. You'll end up there anyway, so just make a point & go.Cute little dive bar. Went twice while in NOLA and enjoyed the ambiance. Tried a few new drinks, chatted with a few travelers from around the world (you attract attention when you're a girl sitting alone at a bar, but meet tons of amazing people), and felt that I got to experience a part of NOLA that everyone should visit. I took a walking tour and that's how I found this place. It was neat to get some background and history on the bar from the tour. I would have given it 5 stars, but the bartender just wasn't that friendly. Must check it out though if you're in the area!I was there both last Friday and Saturday and would make this my bar on Bourbon Street.  While every other bar I went in was very loud and noisy, in this one you could actually have a great conversation without screaming on a Saturday.  
The prices are great and they had a great selection of top shelf booze with a knowledgeable drink staff. 
Complements to Melody (I think that was her name???) from Galveston Texas who is one of your bar tenders.  She is very good at what she does!Generations of grit await you, nice casual dive bar right off Bourbon street.  Beer and crowd were fine.  Did not try the Absinthe, might come back if I'm nearby again.went in with a group and walked out with twice as many of us. but - that could be that we had a few of their special absinthe concoctions. it's a fun stop on the street and you should have at least one to set your night up - or kick start if it's not going well yet.I came here for one reason and one reason only: the Ramos Gin Fizz. 
A highly respected cocktail connoisseur I know recommended this place specifically for that drink. So in our trip to NOLA, we popped in. The atmosphere isn't great, though I thought the makeshift business card wall paper was pretty cool. My boyfriend ordered an absinthe frappe, and a Ramos gin fizz for myself. The drinks were good and strong, but a little pricey. Overall, the drinks were definitely worth the trip. It's a pretty cool joint but in a city of so many great spots, it was a bit more expensive than I'd expect for a dive. Their absinthe selection did seem pretty good, so if that's your thing, it's a good place to start.
I do like the fireplace and popcorn machine. We actually walked by on the windy, chilly afternoon of our flight home, and if we had more time, we would have certainly popped in for a nice drink by the fire!!Yep. It's a bar on Bourbon, BUT it also can be a calm respite from the street. 
Yes there are still frat boys and wooo girls who patronize this bar. BUT the bar is spacious the drinks are affordable (beers, straight pours and basic mixed drinks only). The staff are on the ball and amazingly patient. 
I also like that the interior looks like it hasn't been renovated in decades...if you can discount the flat screen TVs that is. The bathrooms are a bit sketch. It definitely does have character.Very cool place...chilled here after a Voodoo Tour. Limited seating inside, and a few tables outside. Great place to go to try absinthe and relax w friends. Although it is only 2 blocks from Bourbon Street, it feels miles away.We wanted a traditional American Absinthe experience and was told this is the place to come.  The absinthe set up was cool but what made our experience great was our bartender.  She talked to us about American absinthe and gave us some suggestions on normal alterations to the normal absinthe.We came in here on a Thursday afternoon and the first thing we noticed is that the beer was completely tapped except for Blue Moon (wtf) and that it was cash only...then the bartender was rude. She pretty much looked at us like she wanted us the hell out of there because we were taking too long to order. I ordered a Ramos Gin Fizz and my date ordered a Sazerac. Neither drink was good and they were $11 each! Mine was weak, so it just was like drinking sugary egg white soda. 
The only good thing about this bar is the historic building that you sit in while having a bad drink as you are being completely ignored by the bartender.Cool spot on Bourbon Street without being too "Bourbon Street-ish." (meaning no test tube shots, or fluorescent grenade tall cups) I might have come here twice during the same trip or at least contemplated it (who can remember the details of a trip to New Orleans?)  even though I didn't enjoy the absinthe the first time. It's just a large overpriced shot, that tastes like Sambuca, although they had many varieties. It takes a while to prepare the drink, but hanging out at the bar is a pretty laid back, no nonsense experience. Is it a sports bar? Is it a dive bar? Crazy sports paraphernalia drape the walls and hang from the ceiling, TVs, but it's also pretty dark and dingy. The best of both worlds if you are fan. A good place to stop on your Bourbon Street bar crawl.Heard from my bartender:
We open around 8am. When you're hurtin, just come over to the Absinthe and we'll take care of you. 
God love 'em!First time in New Orleans, one of our friends recommended this place. Interesting atmosphere, super casual and chill. If you want something fancy, this is not the place. The bar attender was not the nicest person, however the drinks were great. They are famous for the variety of absinthe, make sure you get one:)
Update - came here during the night. YOU SHOULD CHECK IT OUT! Bar attenders are super nice, crowd is amazing, music is great!I loved this place.  We had several orders of different types of absinthe.  That was interesting in itself, but what made the experience was our bartender taking the time to tell us how to properly serve and drink absinthe.  She then gave us a history and the break down of types of absinthe.  She was awesome.  
The bar was dark and and smelled like dust after a rainstorm.  It was weird to look up and see so much sports memorabilia, but hey, I didn't care.  I was drinking absinthe!It's old.  On cold days, it has a roaring fireplace in the back.  On most days, you can find several entertaining (aka alcoholics) people that are bellied up to the bar.  And they serve a great bloody mary.  What more can you ask for?  Well, I would probably ask someone to dust all the helmets hanging from the ceiling.  I like to keep it real but too much realness can get to a person.  And a dust clot falling from the ceiling into a drink is something I try to avoid.Absinthe is a bit of an obsession of mine. The Old Absinthe House is a historical landmark within the rich history of the emerald muse. It is here in New Orleans where absinthe took off in 1869, when the Aleix brothers opened a bar named the "Old Absinthe House" at the corner of Bourbon and Bienville streets in the Vieux Carre Quarter. The Old Absinthe House attracted an impressive list of visitors, including presidents William Howard Taft and Theodore Roosevelt, Mark Twain, Walt Whitman, Aaron Burr, William Thackeray, Jenny Lind and Oscar Wilde. In 1918, Aleister Crowley, the British magician, proclaimed: "Art is the soul of life and the Old Absinthe House is the heart and soul of the old quarter of New Orleans." Indeed, this is the bar where the cocktail was said to have been invented. In 1916, while sitting at the Old Absinthe House and waiting for a woman friend, Crowley wrote his famous essay, "The Green Goddess"-- adorning its main theme, the emerald muse, with the philosophical reflections suggested by absinthe with descriptions of the inn, its guests, and the city. First published in The International, the essay extols the inspirational virtues of the hazy green liqueur, while speaking out against the rising tide of prohibitionism that was sweeping the country as the first U.S. "war on drugs" began.
So for the absinthe connoisseur, the Old Absinthe House is a special place to stop-- most preferably at l'heure verte ("the green hour")-- while taking in its history and colorful past. As an absinthe connoisseur, you're not going to find the best brands of absinthe here, but the Old Absinthe House is more about the history & lore than it is about the absinthe specifically these days. 
Public service announcement: just please, do not burn your absinthe. The sugar cube is not meant to be burned. For a good authentic absinthe louche, ask the bartender to slowly pour cold water over the spoon. As for sugar, that is specifically up to the drinker. Personally, I take sugar with my absinthe. Therefore it is absolutely horrifying for me to witness a bartender burning the sugar cube. I once saw this at Pirate's Alley, however whether or not this is on their agenda on a daily basis, I am unsure. When you order your absinthe, just kindly let the bartender know how you want your absinthe served.
I also recommend a good absinthe frapp to be ordered on a hot summer day!The craziest mix of sports bar and old time tavern.  LOVE.I was incredibly disappointed with this bar. It was my first stop in New Orleans on a Thursday afternoon. I work at a classic cocktail bar part time, and had heard great things about the bar scene in NO. I was especially looking forward to having a Ramos Gin Fizz, which is made with Orange Blossom water. So, stopped in this place as it looked cool, and took a look at the drink list. A Ramos Gin Fizz was listed, so thought I'd give it a whirl. Bad idea. The bartender had no idea what she was doing. They used Bellows Gin (super low quality), and she couldn't even figure out how to shake the drink.....you could tell she was a rookie. Tried the drink, it was awful. But decided to let it go. Then I got the bill....it was $12!!! Terrible quality drink, and WAY overpriced. Ended up having another Ramos Gin Fizz at Brennan's later that week. Was delicious, and cost about $9.00. Don't waste your time at the Old Absinthe House.Do not go here. They will double charge your credit card. Just a ripoff. Staff is horrible.This place is under new ownership and prices have skyrocketed. Locals are defecting to more friendly and reasonable places. I still find myself here on the Friday before Mardi Gras but always get my drinks on the street. Another Bourbon Street landmark goes to the dogs.
Chart Room on Chartres is a good substitute if you're looking for a cheap dive. Also Erin Rose and Molly's.Fun bar. Good drinks. Nice ambiance. Well stocked bar of top shelf selections. My buddy likes their bloody marys. I had the absinthe on two occasions (they use Lucid brand). I enjoyed the presentation, pouring it onto the sugar cube and lighting it on fire. Friendly bartenders. Prices are so-so. Chopin is $8-9 and Lucid absinthe is $16 (yes, sixteen bucks).Fun absinthe menu! Bar staff was not friendly and acted as if we were a burden. Cocktails were average. I had really high expectations and thought this place would be so much fun and it just wasn't :(Since I moved back to New Orleans I wanted to celebrate by hitting up the french quarter. This was my first stop on my way to getting stone cold drunk. Even though it is located next door to the Abysmal Tony Moran's Italian restaurant I strolled on in anyways.
The first thing that I was surprised about was the customer service. Usually when you go to the french quarter you deal with a bartender that has a "time is money" or "go screw yourself" attitude. Not here though, the lady behind the counter was very nice. She was even appreciative when I gave her a tip. It was definitely a nice way to start my night.
I will admit this place is pricey, but it is on bourbon street so I really wasn't surprised. For example I paid $6 for an Abita beer. It's still not the most I ever paid for a beer in the french quarter. The other thing that caught my eye were all the old business cards on the wall of the building. I assume that most of those businesses are long gone though. I am not sure why they have such a strange tradition but I guess it helps make this place unique.
In short pricey beer and friendly service.It's a neat dive bar to see.  If you want to see serious drinkers falling down you have come to the right place.  They know how to make good drinks.Strong drinks. Check. On Bourbon Street. Check. Barflys. Check. Great staff. Check Check! A friend suggested I check it out - glad she did. It was fun. No ghost sightings (friend said there might be), but fun still. Had a hurricane and a Pimms. Worth the trip!Had the Absynthe, which is presented with full show and history lesson.  Fairly accurate and very entertaining.  Not to be missed if you've ever fancied a try at the rage of 1890's France.Came in here this Wednesday night. Place was partly busy but got a seat at the bar. Fun football helmets hanging from ceiling. 
Price: $12 a cocktail off their main menu.
Service: had a horrible bartender with short blonde hair who had a frown on the whole time. Two ppl in our group work in the hospitality field and noted how poorly she interacted with us. Asked her about one of the cocktails and looked like she couldn't be bothered to respond to one question about absinthe. Plus she served absinthe incorrectly by chucking it all in a glass instead of doing drip method. 
Ordered one drink and left. At $12 per cocktail you can find far greater places than this to serve a nice cocktail.Had so much fun here.. really is just an old old bar on bourbon with history to it. However, the bartender saw I was alone and kept me a bit of company. I tried the absinthe for the first time.. she gave me a few references on what she likes and why. I cannot actually comment on the taste, this was my first time.. and I really am not a fan of black licorice.  But the experience was cool. She gave me insight on how it's made and he history of it.. pretty cool.. I drank it alll (its like $25, so you have to!!) gets you pretty buzzed all night! (Save you money on bourbon street) if you've never tried it, just go.. ask questions.. don't just sit on your phone being anti social!It's been said before, but it's worth saying again: the drinks are very expensive. The atmosphere is unique and makes it a good must see, but I don't know that I would hang out here for very long.
The absinthe is $19 a pop. 
I didn't try a bloody mary, but I watched them mix several of them.  Looked pretty good.  Pickled green bean for garnish!Dirty and overpriced.  Somehow I'm still drawn to it.  No food available, but I have brought food in and they didn't seem to mind.Horrible Service. Watered down absinthe.  I expected more. This was on my to do list. Sat by the bar for 10 mins til I was acknowledged. Ordered absinthe and granted It had no effect.  Waste of time and money! Please avoid...This is the place that popped my Absinthe cherry.
The waitress was very knowledgable about the various brands, alcohol content, flavor, background, and origin of each one out of the list that they had to offer.  
Great experience!Only stopped by for day drinking. Bar tenders were helpful and... local. An "it takes all kinds" type of place/clientele. Great place to make new friends quick. It is incredibly filthy. It was great.Great bar! We stopped here for bloody Mary's and Pimm's cups 2 days in a row and really enjoyed it. Bar staff was friendly and the place looks awesome, you can tell its been around forever. Definitely not some fancy hotel bar, just a cool place to have a good drink, enjoy some people watching and cool off. Will definitely be back next time we're in town!I had this on my to do list while in Nola, I read the bad reviews but decided to come anyways to form my own opinion. I get in and and sit at the bar and wait patiently to be acknowledged. Five minutes go by and nothing. The two female bartender's there are busy with a large group of obnoxious older men. A bartender finally comes over to me only to make some more drinks for the other guys. Mind you it's going on about ten minutes now and not a single hello or water is sent my way. A new guy joins the group and I'm right next to them still waiting patiently, and the bartender immediately goes up to this new guy and gets him a drink! I know you gotta make that money but my bf and I were planning on ordering absinthes and sazeracs so we were looking to spend. But what would they know? They'd rather flirt with gross loud men in the middle of their mid life crises then serve us. On to another place that wants our business.Our stay in NOLA also included a delightful night of drinking at The Old Absinthe House.  It's pretty dirty and divey but they have delicious absinthe so it was worth it.  I LOVE that they actually have the prices of the absinthe available. So many places in Chicago never show you the price of your liquor unless you ask, and then  you end the night with a $200 tab and you're like how'd that happen, I'm not even blacked out!
The free popcorn here's pretty good too, actually has a spicy kick! Not that I needed any more to eat after our giant meal at Acme Oyster House.  
It's a fun place to drink and people watch, I liked it a lot!I just read Stephanie's review below and LOL!! I had the same grumpy bartender the Sunday before. She was HORRIBLE! We gave her a credit card to hold but told her not to run it as we were paying cash. Well, she ran it and put a $50 hold on it that we still (5 days later) have not been refunded. It wouldn't have been a big deal had she told us that she was going to do that, but now we think she may have been trying to rob us. We noticed the transaction right away and informed (who we believed to be) the manager. Long story short, I'm filing a fraud charge today. Aside from that she was just mean. If you don't like people, you should probably not be a bar tender on Bourbon st. Sheesh. Total tourist trap. Won't get me again though.Just a dive bar with some nice TVs if you are looking to watch a game. There is always so much hype around Absinthe. It is really glorified Sambuca in my opinion. And it's not cheap. 
So, if you have never tried it and you want to - this is the place to go. It's on Bourbon Street so it's nice and easy to find.The character is in the walls here, not in the service that we experienced.  There's an innate history and cool vibe, but its been overwhelmed by catering to the tourist trap that is Bourbon street.  Drinks are remarkably overpriced and use cheap liquor that you wouldn't even think twice about picking up at the store.  The Planter's Punch was less traditional and more sugary, sub-well liquor mess.  Couldn't finish it if I wanted to...Had the top shelf absinthe there... The ritual of making it is phenomenal.  Will be back... Very licoricey...Old Absinthe House is old. How old? A lot older than you or I. It's practically a booze museum. It's the kind of place that really transcends star ratings, but Yelp requires it, so I give it four.
I suppose I could have given it only three. If you didn't know the history behind it, you wouldn't think that it was anything that special. They have a couple of decent brews on tap, but nothing outstanding. The space is pretty small (I can't imagine what this place gets like during Mardi Gras). The Sazerac cocktail that I ordered was A-OK.
I could also give it five stars. It's a welcome respite from the madness of Bourbon Street, where you are probably going to end up sooner or later when you visit New Orleans. In fact, you can watch tourists stumble down the street from some of the seats at the bar. Old Absinthe House feels like one of the few constants in an ever-changing universe. A dive bar with many stories to tell.
When was the last time you drank at an establishment that was over 200 years old? Certainly no visit to the French Quarter is complete without stopping by here. If you're only getting one, order an Absinthe House Frappe.
Frank Sinatra drank here. So should you, baby!The Old Absinthe House is my favorite bar anywhere. It is the only bar that I have gone to every day that I have been in The French Quarter since 1999. The bartenders and the other patrons that I have made friends with are great. Come in. Stay awhile. Enjoy some authentic New Orleans history. You'll thank me.I used to get the Absinthe Frappes here "back in the day". The 1st time I walked out of this place the green fairy was on my shoulder and I dreamily pronounced "I understand everything".
I haven't been to NoLA in a loooong time. Absinthe has not only become popular, but legal. I sat down and ordered the Absinthe Frappe and the bartender asked if I wanted real absinthe, then presented me with a menu of selections! I've died and gone to heaven!
The bartenders went through the entire absinthe ritual and lit the sugar cubes on fire and let me take pictures every single time. I made my way through the entire menu during the trip. They tolerated all my drunken exuberance.
Yea, it's on Bourbon street, yea it's a dirty dive bar. They have Absinthe & History!What I loved about this bar was the absinthe drinks and the fireplace. The bartender was odd. The end.
It is in a great location, but is so filthy inside I was sure dust bunnies would jump from all the helmets and football paraphernalia and catch fire at the fireplace where I was sitting.
The crowd was dead.
Boring and possibly dead.
I would advise one drink and move on.So overpriced for a small drink. The woman who greeted us was very nice and friendly but the woman who came to take our order seemed very bothered to be working and didn't even talk to us. Came for the experience but probably wouldn't come back.A little dirty, a little old, everything you want in a bar in NOLA.  However, this of right on Bourbon st and is usually filled with local businessmen instead of the insane tourist crowd usually associated with the quarter.  The absolute must have from here is the BloodyMary...best I have ever had...may be the best drink I have ever had.  I have drove the 300 miles just to have one, and an sure that I will again soon.This is a cool place. We drank here every night while in NO, which was 4 nights. It has a casual, laidback vibe. The place is adorn with football helmets hanging from the ceiling and people's business cards from around the world on the walls. It's right on the street, so it's cool to people watch or in&out from the sidewalk for a quick smoke. It had a nice crowd for happy hour that was a good mix of visitors and locals with their seersuckers. Like Helen C. said it's not full of young, frat boys. But the young professional crowd, lots of lawyers at happy hour. The weekend, a nice place to hang out and chill. 
The bartender even remembered the GF from last year. Which means she got too rowdy there. Cool place to get your drink on in the Quarter.We were really looking forward to coming to this bar due to its history. 
One word: Disappointed
We ordered one drink and never saw the bartender again. We had to beg for our tab to be closed so we could leave and go elsewhere to drink. Wtf!?!? 
If you want one drink and done, go here. Also, beware the  old fashioned cocktails start at $15. Just so ya know.Perhaps it's my age or my curmudgeonly demeanor, but on my most recent trip to Bourbon Street, I had the damnedest time finding a place I found tolerable. It's fun to watch all the craziness, but I don't need craziness smeared on my face and shoved into my ears.
The Old Absinthe House is a like an island of calm and cool in this sea of craziness.
My friend and I spent a couple hours there on a Saturday night while the crowd on Bourbon Street zombie-walked up and down. Watching it from our barstools was like watching TV. The crowd in the bar would ebb and flow, but was never oppressive or nearly as annoying as the crowds in other places.
We went exploring for a while, but then decided it was better to just return to the OAH. Good decision -- we closed down the night there and were among the last to leave.
Drink-wise, I think it's important to have at least one absinthe while you're here. There's a decent selection of beers on tap too.
I was enthralled by our bartender. She dispatched her duties with a friendly disposition and robot-like efficiency. She had no down moments -- she processed receipts, cleaned glasses, cleared trash, did several patrons' taxes, wrote a well-received novel, provided strategic guidance to the President concerning the Gaza conflict, and poured a mean absinthe. If she handles the rest of her life the way she handles her job, she gets shit done.
Loved the place. Will be back.This is a very different type of bar and fun to go in and take a peek around. The drinks were high priced, and weren't strong at all. But we enjoyed the experience and the people watching. Went in when It was a little quiet out and was able to talk to the bartender who was really friendly.This place definitely has a mixed, off-beat vibe, but that's not why you come here. No, you come here for the classic NoLa cocktails (sazerac, old fashioned, Ramos Gin Fizz). Watching the bartender mix the gin fizz was an experience in itself -- it's quite intricate but the final result is almost like a milkshake consistency. 
Prices are a bit higher than the "norm" for New Orleans, but the drinks are strong and made to order with high-quality ingredients. 
Also, don't miss the jukebox. It's one of the best I've seen anywhere. I would go back just to sip on a cocktail, watch the crowds walk past on Bourbon St and spin some classic rock deep cuts.It's not worth it. Luckily I took my own absinthe and spoon to NOLA. The scene was typical Bourbon Street and the staff typical dive bar. Not what I expected at all.3.5
first bar in nola that we went to. dive. real cool stuff on the wall. bartenders not very friendly. saw a good amount of locals there. worth a drink if in the area.A must see on bourbon street. Totally mistaked this bar for an older one down the street on our first night in NOLA but an awesome mistake none the less. Pay a visit here for absinthe. I got the mothers milk and it definitely started the night off with a bang!A classic bar on Bourbon Street. Made a solid sazerac and have, as you would guess, a good selection of absinthe. Try the Absinthe Frappe if you're wanting to really commit to a "local" cocktail. Dark, dingy, open air, bar seats available.This is another french quarter price with lots of history and character that is therefore worth checking out - so long as you know going in that it is 2/3 of the way to being a full-out tourist trap.  The ramos gin fizz I had was pretty tasty, although not quite top notch.  I didn't mind the $12 cost, but I guess I should have specified that I didn't want my $12 cocktail in a plastic cup?  The bartenders, while competent, didn't seem quite to the professional level that I would expect at a place serving cocktails like this.  
It's too bad, because even with bourbon st. how it is, this place could still be really great with a little effort.  But it seems they've taken the easy way out and are largely coasting on their history.  Still, worth checking out.As you walk down Bourbon street, you will see alot of the same places. You got your Daiquiri/pizza places, some sports bars, Jazz bars, clubby spot, stripclubs, then you got this place. Old Absinthe House is different. I'm not going to lie the Absinthe drew me in. I have had it only once in my life before and wanted to try it again. Inside its a circular bar with only 2 bartenders, which is crazy because this spot will sporadically get really busy and its pretty small. It is most enjoyable when it is not, so you can sit down and enjoy a drink. I didnt't know much about absinthe so I told our very nice bartender let me have your most popular one. She poured the "Lucid" one, did the whole sugar and fire routine, and for $18 I had one of the strongest drinks of my life. I mean I enjoy the taste of absinthe (very bold licorice) but this is a sipping drink, as told by the bartender. I could tell early that after this I was gonna take it slow.  I wish this place was bigger and had more servers but in the heart of buorbon street ill talke what i can get!The oldest bar in Louisiana and my favorite bar in touristy Bourbon Street. I'd recommend the Hurricane, Pimm's Cup, and absinthe served the traditional style by pouring water over a sugar cube over the cup. Oh and the get the sazerac as it is the drink to get in Lousiana.Great place and service. I love the fact that it has so much history and It's been around since 1807. The planters punch was as delicious as promised.Over rated and rude bartender! Over priced for terrible service and atmosphere. Go somewhere nicer.If you like Absinthe, you'll love this place. Many choices. Fun place on the bourbon street. 
Tried Nouvelle Orleans, strong licorice/star anise and mint flavor. Pretty good.