Three stars, but it was hard to get there from two stars based on my meal. I will start with the good:
- blackened gator bites, tender with a tasty dipping sauce
- good service even though we were a large group
The not so good:
- crawfish fettuccine, the noodles were over-cooked and the alfredo needed some salt, that being said, there was a ton of crawfish in there
- the gumbo was underwhelming, nothing bad about it but it wasn't something that wished there was more at the bottom of the cup
Great:
The bananas foster desert was the best part of the meal. Had I only eaten this I would give the place 4 stars easily!Food was amazing. Had the Buffalo fried platter. Was big enough to share with the Miss. Couple that with 4 Purple Hazes life is good!!I can't say enough good things about Olde Nola Cookery.  Rachel, the event coordinator, was able to accommodate my wedding party of 50 guests in the 3rd floor Mardi Gras room after my Second Line wedding parade organized by the French Quarter Wedding Chapel.  She was very communicative, worked with my budget and food choices, and made the planning seamless and pain free.  
The staff was helpful and friendly, especially the manager Billy and the vivacious bartender, Jess.  
The food... Let me tell you, their Catfish Po' Boy is something really special.  Maybe my favorite Po' Boy in the quarter.  My wedding guests raved about it!
Folks, if you are looking for a venue with delicious food, a great staff, in the most electric area of the French Quarter, you need not look any further.Solid place, on Bourbon St so you know it lives off of tourism, in saying that, friendly folks, very good oysters on half shell, Po'Boys are solid - no beer on tap but life goes on.Good food, poor service.  Took about 15 minutes to get greeted. My waitress was absent after drinks were dropped off and I think consciously tried to ignore us. Someone else dropped off food. She never checked on us again. After a long time we finally had to get another server to hunt her down so we could pay and leave. The neglect was making us late for our appointment. The food was good but typical Cajun fare. You could get it at a million other places with prompt service.My wife tried the taste of New Orleans and said it was very good. She was surprised how tasty the sausage was. I had the chicken fettuccine Alfredo and it was very good as well. Chicken was tender and not gristly. Ate here for lunch.Amazing!!! Gator bites, fresh oysters, Tasting of New Orleans and the Gumbo pasts was perfect. Must have! Don't let the line out the door discourage you from eating there. It moves very quickly.I'm so mad I forgot to use my Yelp check-in offer! But I thank my Yelp app for leading me to this place on Bourbon street. Ugh, so good. I made a reservation on Open Table but upon getting there, I don't think they are set up to even check for reservations. They didn't ask for my name when I said I had a reservation. 
We brought upstairs and gosh, I wish we were a table of 2 instead of 3. There are tables on the balcony which overlook Bourbon street. How awesome that would have been. Inside, it was a little too dark for my liking but we had an attentive server and the food was fantastic. We all ordered the sampler with crawfish etouffee, seafood gumbo (with crab legs inside) and red beans and rice with an Andouille sausage sticking out. Gawd, it was yummy. I wish I could have eaten it all. It was $18 and you got what you paid for....so good.Yummy NOLA restaurant on Bourbon Street. Super busy. Line out the door. Food was good. Service was decent.
I had the  Taste of New Orleans. The taste is perfect with Gumbo, crawfish etouffee, red beans and rice with smoked sausage. If you check in, you can get a glass of house wine if you can avoid the hurricanes that are at ever stop in the French Quarter.
Hubby loves NOLA but is not a big seafood fan. He found something to enjoy as well. Blackened chicken hit the spot.
So if you're looking for a variety, this is the place.Amazing food!! Red rice and beans delish! Veggies delish and the special sauce is the bomb.This is classic New Orleans. You can get all the favorites here. They can even make you party jambalaya with just rice. The taste is great on all their dishes and the prices are reasonable. Anytime we come to NOLA on bourbon, we stop here.Terrible service, terrible tasting food. We waited over an hour for our bill and it wasn't even too busy. Food is watered down with VERY little flavor, I had to send the food back twice because it was cold. Go to acme oyster house instead.Came in late... 10 pm and was seated quickly.  Good service.  The crawfish etoufee was so so.  Rice was dry and hard, either uncooked or scraped off the bottom of the pot.  Server deducted 10% off the entree.  Single drinks were good... the doubles seemed to have more ice than liquor.  With so many options, I would go somewhere else.A good spot to grab a meal in the French Quarter. 
We had a nice meal here on a weeknight afternoon. The gentleman outside did a good job convincing us (and others) to come in. 
Service was good. Our server was a little quiet/shy, but did a good job over all. I had the shrimp Po Boy and it was good. The bread was a tad dry for my liking. But the dressing made up for that. As usual, my wife had a salad. Good selection of beer. The wine was a slightly limited. 
Overall, a nice place to stop to grab some authentic local eats.Good food and good service. Only rub is that appetizer came out with entree. Other than that is was good service.Last night in town and wanted more New Orleans styled food. Prefect choice, food was fresh and delicious. I went for the shrimp poe boy , my friend had crawfish etouffe. Both great choices. Step away  from Bourbon  so we were able to walk the food off lol. What wowed me the most the manager walked around to each table and aakes if everything was okay. My type of customer service.After being handed a 15% off flyer outside in Bourbon street and being hungry from sightseeing my friend and I were pleasantly surprised here. 
Service was friendly, and as a vegan there were a few choices on the menu- a pasta dish could be made vegan or some other veggie dish- I decided to go for an eggplant po boy as I was fancying something fried and greasy! The accompanying seasoned fries were really tasty and the po boy was lovely with barbecue sauce. My friends ribs and chicken she said was nice and on the whole considering we were in the centre of the tourist area the price was okay with our 15% voucher. I say this because I have been to lots of places while vacationing in tourist destinations where being hungry and walking into a place like this I have ended up paying very high price for awful food and I thought maybe that was going to happen here (but we were just too hungry to look further!) but for what it was it was a great meal especially considering my vegan requirements!The service was good but not consistent. The food was average. The restrooms were coed but it's New Orleans. Who cares.  We sat on the balcony as this was a very good experience. Enjoyed our food while watching the people below.We really enjoyed our meals. We started with the alligator bites which were tender and tasty. We each ordered a different entree: Shrimp Po Boy, Jambalaya Pasta and a sampler. All were top notch. The service was friendly and efficient.First time in New Orleans and we decided to ask the local wildlife for a recommendation for an authentic Cajun place. A couple of attendants at the Marriott Hotel came through masterfully with this place.  The crab cakes were superb; the Cajun Jambalaya (Pasta) incredibly rich in flavor; and the bread pudding was to die for.  Amazing place!!Delicious blackened chicken Caesar salad, gumbo and jambalaya pasta! Will visit this spot again when back in town! Wait staff was nice, place was clean! It is a must visit for sure when you are in Nola!So I was in NO with 7 other friends to celebrate over the weekend prior to the weekend before Fat Tuesday. We mostly ate out over the course of four days. Our fourth and final stop together was the Olde Nawlins Cookery (this is the name on my receipt--obviously they need to settle on something and update all the signs since this is causing confusion) on Bourbon between Iberville and Bienville. I'll say that we had just finished watching the Crewe of Barkus parade and had just picked up some daiquiris over at Jesters so we were looking for greasy eats and a place that would allow us to bring in our Styrofoam cups and this place fit the bill. We were seated upstairs which is a nice large area with some tables overlooking Bourbon.
We started off with the fried eggplant sticks and remoulade sauce which were lightly fried and on point. I went for the full load--fried seafood platter with oysters, shrimp, and catfish piled up on some fries. Oh how delish is fried seafood--really good here let me tell you. At $20, this platter is really large enough for two people. Wash it down with a hurricane and you'll be tight for the rest of the night. As I mentioned in other posts on New Orleans eateries, this is not a cheap eats place, but the servings are hefty so you get your monies worth. If you're on this end of Bourbon (and I'm sure you will be), I would say duck inside and check it out.Great food, quick and oh so savory. By far the best po boys I have had visiting here! Also the prices are great as well, specially to be in the French quarter, very reasonable.Happy I came to this little spot. Plenty New Orlean's inspired food options to choose from. 
I had the jambalaya pasta and a side of red beans and rice.  The RB&R was good until I got a couple scoops of under cook or old rice. The jambalaya pasta was perfect and fulfilling.  I had a Swamp Tea to wash after my meal. It's a green concoction alcoholic beverages that wasn't bad but a little to sweet for my liking. 
I did do the yelp check in the get a free glass of wine and that didn't happen even though I showed the waitress. Oh well 
Price for the meal and a drink was reasonableThe food was great.. we got the baby back ribs and the taste of New Orleans. Pretty affordable compared to the other restaurants on Bourbon Street. Would have been given five stars if our waitress was more pleasant. She just seemed bothered by our presence. Not the southern hospitality you would expect when you're paying good money for food.The fried and blackened gator tail was awesome!!  The redfish cookery was awesome as wellWe popped into this joint on New Year's Eve to grab a quick bite before heading over to check out the NYE festivities in the area. 
Our waitress was great and we thought the servers were attentive to all the customers, not just the ones in their section. The manager was quick to tell a patron to go outside when he lit a cigarette at the bar. This is a non-smoking establishment, but they do have an outside area. I'm not sure if there's food service out there though.
I'm giving 3 stars because the food prices are just super high for what you get. We ordered the blackened catfish poboy with fries and an order of fried eggplant sticks to share. $16 is outrageous for a poboy with 1 piece of catfish in it. The eggplant sticks were good, but $9 is high and it isn't that many sticks - maybe 18 and they're the size of french fries. They had a little kick, but they didn't seem fried to order - I thought they should have been crispier. The remoulade that came with everything was good. 
If we're ever back in NOLA, we won't be back here.I had the Jazzy Crab Cakes that came with Collards and Mashed Potatoes.   The crab cakes were the best I have ever had.  "They were a turkey and dressing with seafood."  Soo Good!We had the taste of New Orleans and the gator bites. The beans and sausage were great in the taste of New Orleans, which also came with gumbo and some crawfish. We got half and half with the gator bites, the fried we're definitely better. I only have had gator a couple times, but this was a little chewier than I remember.Okay food, not horrible but not great either! The service so-so although Matt at the bar was great. They were not prepared for a wait and the kitchen got way behind.Oysters, oysters, oysters!! The oysters were huge and oh boy how delicious :) I'll be back when I get back to NOLAFirst time here, ordered the half rack of ribs it was good. Had chocolate mousse for dessert it was delicious.Came here around 1pm on 2/28/14, last weekend of Mardi Gras. 
PROS:
-Sit at the bar for quicker service, Brent was awesome and quick with our requests!
-Gator Tail bites are really meaty and delicious. 
-Crawfish Entouffe was lovely, lots of seafood.  
-Great friendly service and sociable manager 
CONS:
-Small place but still great 
-$13 for an appetizer and $18 for a plate (fried food) is a bit high but it was good fried foodFirst meal ever in New Orleans and I was NOT disappointed. Talk about make you wanna slap ya mama!i had the Taste of New Orleans and the red beans and rice were so dang delicious. Never had anything like them before. I would definitely recommend!Must get the Taste of New Orleans! We stopped by as we were hopping around on Bourbon St; and the menu + feel of this place definitely drew us in. We were lucky to get great service even though the place was pretty packed (Saturday dinner crowd).
Can definitely say everything we ordered was really, really good. The drinks, the appetizers and off-course the full plates. Definitely recommend the Eggplant sticks which have a tendency to be overwhelmed by all the others delicious sounding treats on the menu.Late nite pop-in while walking Bourbon St... wanting to try their fried gator.  Our server James (such a damn cutie pie) was very sweet and attentive.  We sat right in front of the window for some good ole people watching.  
Fried gator - real good with the sauce 
Cajun Jambalaya Pasta - so bomb!!  That sauce is everything. 
Bloody Mary - therapeutic after a day of drinking (per the hubby)
Bread pudding - delish!
Would come back for that pasta!This place is awesome! they have the best crab cakes and the best crawfish etouffee. Great drinks. Great prices. Bri was so sweet and attentive. This is a must on Bourbon street.We came here for a quick dinner before heading out on mardi gras.  The restaurant was packed and full of drunk rude people.  I think if we had come at another time the staff would have been less stressed. My server was really friendly and accommodating even though some people were so mean and rude towards him. 
We ordered the cajun jambalaya pasta, fried fish dish , and chicken Alfredo.   We also got a free banana ice cream sundae pie with check in!!! 
The cajun jambalaya pasta was my favorite dish,  it had massive chunks of sausage,  great cajun flavor and not too salty . The portion was also very large and enough for 2 meals.  
The free ice cream pie dessert was amazing, and super shareable. It is huge and hard to finish with one person.  I dont think I would come here again, because even though the food tasted good the menu seemed the same as all the other restaurants on bourbon street.Loved it, small but very nice little place, the food feels authentic (I'm not from here) and I loved it! Will be back! Oh, the hurricane cocktail was the strongest in flavor and alcohol of of the places I tried, loved it as well.Wow! Service was great. The oysters were huge. The peel and eat BBQ shrimp are so worth the work of peeling. The redfish blackened is great. Must eat at!Alright, my first meal in Nola had to live up to some pretty high expectations.  Olde Nawlins' lunch delivered!  
While it appears to be a chain of some sort (I think?), that never stopped me before (and we were hungry).  I went with the catfish po' boy, two others enjoyed shrimp po' boys, and the final member of our party enjoyed the shrimp platter.  Coming in, I was not a fan of catfish, but was told it tastes different down south.  No doubt there, as it was fried to perfection - surprisingly light as well!  The portions on the shrimp platter were plentiful enough for my friend to share and I couldn't refuse that offer.  Drinks were decent and service was friendly as well.
Absolutely a solid lunch stop on Bourdon!I was pleased with my meal here overall. We shared the fried seafood platter and gumbo.  The seafood was fresh, seasoned, and cooked well. The jalapeño hush puppies were great as well. The gumbo had good flavor and it wasn't too thick and sludgy like some gumbo I've had. Another person with us had the shrimp Poboy and was pleased. My only complaint was that the gumbo wasn't up to temperature- it was almost room temperature. A bright spot was our waiter, Johnell. He was personable, attentive, and knowledgeable. Wonderful service!!This was our first stop in Nola and I can really say that we couldn't start in a best way ever our vacation. The staff is extremely kind, smiling and helpful; the food is just "AMAZING" and absolutely "DELICIOUS".
I would definitely recommend this restaurant.Sat in the courtyard and one of the mangers was smoking in the alley way with smoke blowing right in the dining area outside. Not a good start. Server took our drink order after 20 mind and I was clear to him we were ready to order. He walked away. Came back 15 mins later asking if we were ready or order. Said we were going to leave because we were not willing to wait that long. I was nice about it. So 35 mins in and I guess the manger needed another smoke so again we are subjected to cigarette smoke. Waited another 10 mins for our check. Maybe the food is good maybe not. Service and experience unacceptableWent here for a night time snack. My husband ordered the fried shrimp poy boy he said, with every bite it tasted better & better. He loved it! Oh & their french fries are the bomb. I ordered some fried pickles...so good(but not on the menu). The service was great!Simple, but amazing food! The service there was beyond the expectation of good customer service. Bobby was very welcoming and friendly, as well as helpful. The food there is seasoned to perfection and fulfilling as well. The portions can feed 1-2 people depending on how hungry you are, and is simply one of the best foods my family and I have eaten. The Jambalaya Pasta is definitely recommended and is the best out of all the other restaurants that offer is as well. All-around this restaurant is one of the best I have ever eaten at.My friends and I were down in New Orleans for Mardi Gras, so we wanted to try some good creole food. We didn't realize that the Old Nola Cookery is legit the same as Oceana's (just different names) which we had visited the day prior. At Old Nola Cookery, I ordered the crab cakes off the appetizer list. It was kind pricy so I made it my main meal with an order of fries. I was not disappointed. The crab cakes were THE best crab cakes I've ever had. 
I gave this place 4 stars because it we waited over 30 minutes for our food. Moreover, two couples came, ordered, ate, and went before we were served although we arrived and ordered before them. 
My friends ordered the Taste of New Orleans (which I had ordered from Oceana's the day before). Unfortunately, they both were disappointed by the Taste of New Orleans from Old Nola Cookery but my crab cakes were great so... 4 stars!Great food and short wait time. Went during essence festival and was very pleased. Great customer serviceHorrible wobbly balcony with wobbly tiny tables and tiny chairs. Served my $10 subpar martini (20 minutes later) in a plastic cup because they can't have glass on the balcony, yet our plates aren't plastic. Ordered decent tasting blackened gator bites (35 minutes later) we get half a plate of fried gator bites and half blackened. Also ordered a cup of seafood gumbo and the only piece of seafood was a uncracked crab claw with no meat in it. Another 30 min to get check, and manager didn't even care.Fantastic crab cakes and red beans! Great service too! We've been to several places for crab cakes.... This is the place to pop in and eat and enjoy the people watchingWho are all the people having good experiences here? In town for the weekend with friends and we stopped in for lunch. Food was ok. Everything was overpriced. Portions were small. Server was alright, a little on rude side. 
In all seriousness, I don't get how this place could have mostly positive reviews. Of the 8 meals I had this weekend, this was easily the worst food, and I paid about the same as my best meal (around corner at Bourbon House). The $12 alligator tail was 10 small pieces. I ordered same appetizer 7 hours later at Felixs and it was twice as much. The red beans (of red beans and rice) were refried and bland. The gumbo was mostly rice, and crab so hard I couldn't crack. Etoufee was alright. 
To get 1-star, you have to do something egregious in my mind. Mess up food, be late, let me sit forever. None of that happened. But other than those types of things, this is the most disappointed I've been in fellow reviewers for so greatly leading me astray. Only thing I could think was that people mixed up this place with the one of a similar name which is 2 blocks away.Mediocre at best. Waiter service was terrible, and the food wasn't good. He came three times to our table. Once to take our order, once to deliver the food, and once with the bill. I will never eat here againWe just got off the plane and were hungry. We had a list of restaurants to visit but this was not among them. We took a shot and were pleasantly surprised. I had the Blackened Cajun catfish which came with rice/beans and collard greens. They fish was delicious and blacked nicely. The waitress brought water in anticipation of the nice kick I got from the spices. My other half asked for a personalization of a blackened chicken dish (asked for it over fettuccini with Alfredo sauce. They were happy to oblige. It tasted delish (although the sauce had broken a bit). The server, Bri was extremely attentive and so upbeat and seemed to love her job. She did a great job!We were walking in Bourbon street and some restaurants had long lines. We were too hungry to wait so we decided to keep walking when we found this place. There was a short line but we were in in less than 5 minutes. Delicious crabcackes!  Fast and friendly service. Our waitress Trina was amazing. 5 stars to her! Cheesecake was delicious and free with our check in.New Orleans never disappoints in delivering great food.  My friend and I stumbled in here as we were walking down Bourbon St.  Loved the fried shrimp po boy!!!  The slaw on it was spicy and so flavorful. Delicious!!!  He had the fried catfish po boy and devoured it.  Will definitely be back. See u in November for my birthday...Thanksgiving weekend!!!I enjoyed this place, definitely a cheesy atmosphere but the staff was friendly and fun and I really liked the food! Our expectations weren't high so we were presently surprised! I let our waiter Brian pick my meal for me and he picked the jambalaya pasta it was delish!!! Reasonably priced plates for sure and very good portions!We went here for my birthday. The service and food were pretty good. Didn't know they had an upstairs bar and area, will have to ck out next time.Wasn't expecting much from a bar on Bourbon Street, but the crab cakes, "BBQ" shrimp and blackened catfish po' boy that we had were so, so tasty.Waitress Jess A is one of the most observant servers ever. She was very attentive and made I used the Yelp check-in discount.
If you like spicy seafood and yummy cajun large plate - say no more and go for the Cajun Jumbalaya Pasta for a decent price ~$20. You'd be pleased.Almost 20 years ago I visited Olde N'awlins Cookery when it was located on Conti Street.  It was great food and one of my favorite places.  When I visited in 2007, I believe they were closed down post-Katrina and gone forever.
On the first day of my trip this last weekend, we popped into this place wanting po'boys for our first meal.  We glanced at the sign and thought it was NOLA Po'Boy which we had read about.  I didn't realize where we were until we sat down and looked at the menu.  I recognized the logo at once (I still have an old collector mug from my first visit.)  So I find out this place is owned by Oceana and that restaurant is located at Olde N'awlins Cookery's old location on Conti.  I recognized a few menu items like the Red Fish Cookery but really wanted a po'boy.  
My cousin and I both ordered oyster po'boys with BBQ shrimp to start.  The BBQ shrimp was THE BOMB!!!  It should come with a bib cuz it's a messy thing.  I think there were 5 large shrimp, prawns really, swimming in this sauce that I wanted to bottle up and take with me.  OMG.  I wanted to put my whole face in it but settled for mopping it up with the slices of bread they give with it.  There were only two slices, totally not enough, but we asked for more, no problem.
The oyster po'boys were huge and neither of us could finish the bread.  I only ate a couple of the fries that came with, but they were good.  The oysters though, OMG, the oysters... All I can say is that I am writing this review right now because it's my first day back from vacay and I can't stop thinking about the oysters.  Fried to perfection.  I don't get how they can do it.
It was a great first full meal for this trip to NOLA.  It was so good in fact, we came back for our last lunch before we had to leave for our flight home.  That time I had the red fish cookery and it was as good as I remember from 18+ years ago.
Anyway, I see reviews calling this place a tourist trap and overpriced, etc.  But I felt like the food was amazing and I got every dollar worth... In fact, this was way better than a $90 meal I had at Commander's Palace.... and that review is in the works.I have a food allergy that made it hard to try the exciting food NOLA had to offer, and they figured out a work around and were super accommodating and nice about it!We loved Olde Nola Cookery!  We ordered the fried seafood plate+crab cakes and everything was cooked perfectly and was tasty and abundant.  Deserts were delicious too.  Our server, Jess M, took very good care of us, very attentive and efficient.  Highly recommended.
CandyThis place has a nice vibe being right on the strip! Drinks and food are great, especially the staff. Jess M was DA BOMB! She was very helpful in helping us choose our drinks and food. The Mardi Gra Fettuccine is what i got! Bomb!!Amazing food and the most friendly staff! Jarvis (sp) lured us in with his wonderful personality and Nicole was the best server! Definitely worth a try. Perfect place for a bite on Bourbon!We don't eat much fried food, but we shared a seafood platter and it was really good. The bread pudding was sublime and excellent service.Do not go here. I only gave it a 1 star because I can't go lower. I got the ragin Cajun Po boy... Which they don't tell you is a Po Boy with a $10 side of crawfish. Food came out cold and we sent it back. Food came out cold a second time.. warm on top with the rest of it cold. Huge waste of money.Stopped in for an app and some drinks mid-afternoon. Initially was seated inside, but asked to move us upstairs to balcony, after checking availability host said "sure head right on up and will send a server". Done. Had Ahmadi (sp?) friendly enough and efficient. Drinks were delivered quickly and decide on the seafood sampler (cheaper than 2-3 apps). Now I don't even like fish but tried it and was AWESOME, along with the shrimp, oysters ect. was all very good and over battered. Overall great experience.I had an incredible experience here. Jess M was my server and she made my entire trip worth coming !!! i got a hurricane and chicken fingers and everything was great. I had the best experience here.Maybe it's all about the dish ordered. Our server said the seafood platter was big enough to share and we're both small eaters, yet found it was a small portion (especially considering the servings at other places!) It was just a plate of fried food; not a garnish or veggie in site (the server totally forgot the side of veggies I asked for). 
So, meh. There are far better places to eat.I worked off my meal before even sitting down.
In fact, I lost track of how many times we walked up and down Bourbon Street -- and even into another Olde Nola Cookery down the block -- searching for this place. Locals we asked for directions weren't helpful. They just wanted us to visit their bar instead, which wasn't an option when we were meeting our friends.
At long last, after a nearly 20-minute hunt, we walked into a restaurant named Oceania Grill...which is apparently Olde Nola Cookery, too. I don't even know.
Tables were incredibly compact and I hardly had room, but our server was super friendly and helped ease the stress I was feeling from trying to find the restaurant for so long.
I ordered the blackened chicken poboy and was apparently already supposed to know that blackened anything equates to heavy spice. I had no idea since I never order blackened things. I was just looking for grub not pulled from the sea.
Fortunately, my friend didn't want her poboy's mustard so I used that to cut the spice a bit and it was otherwise enjoyable.
I also tried a taste of fried catfish and that was surprisingly really good. I probably could've eaten that for my meal! Noted: Do not hate catfish.
While the meal was pretty good, I probably wouldn't return. Nothing about the spot popped out as distinctive or worthy of a second look.Food was really good, but don't get duped into the red cup double drinks. Not worth it.Ordered a bowl of "Gumbo" if you can even call it that..had no sausage, chicken, crab and received 65% rice smh little shrimp that you would find in a cup of noodle soup, lacked flavor..skip the visit here, there are plenty of better gumbo places near by!Places like this one are a great hole in the wall find!  As you approach there is a host out front eager to seat you, and that he did.  
We ordered a few beers from a local brewery, Abita Ambers.  Good beer, I would definitely try again.  I decided to get the taste of New Orleans which featured gumbo, crawfish etoufee, and red beans with smoked sausage.  The red beans had a really nice heavy smoke flavor to them, the texture reminded me of refried beans.  The crawfish etoufee was stock based and was very flavorful as well.  The gumbo was gumbo perfection, all served with a few slices of buttered bread for dipping.  
Next trip I will have to head back to Bourbon Street and try that smoked duck on the menu!Food was just ok - everything came out in a very thick sauce which made it hard to taste the texture of the food. The actual taste was good, but was we were pretty underwhelmed with our meal in generalI loved Olde N'awlins. The value was good. The service was great. The food was exactly what I'd expect from New Orleans! Husband had the Catfish Po'Boy which was a new experience. He said he'd order again. 
I had the Taste of New Orleans because classic New Orleans cuisine is my favorite and it's hard to find elsewhere in the country. As others have said the Crawfish Étouffée was simply delicious, and the Gumbo was classic. I love Red Beans and Rice and these were perfect. 
The restaurant is small, and the prices reflect the establishments location on Bourbon Street. They're open late and are a definite don't miss if you're in the area.This was our first stop in New Orleans and it was really fun!! I had a hurricane and a shrimp po boy--both really good! Yummy sauce on the po boy. Shrimp was delicious!! Service is great!! Glad we stopped and tried Olde Nola Cookery!!Excellent food, good atmosphere and good service.  We had the New Orleans sampler. The crawfish étouffée was my favorite. Will definitely come back.You almost can't go wrong on Bourbon Street, but some places are better than others. Fortunately, we happened into this place. The oyster was fried perfectly: very crunchy and delicious. The portions were enormous. And, the service was fast and friendly. We were only here for two days, and we stopped in here twice. Highly recommended!Had the redfish cookery with crawfish étouffée and mashed potatoes. IT WAS EXCELLENT. The staff was very friendly and I even got 10% off of the meal with a yelp coupon. Anyone on the fence about trying this place should definitely jump the fence and give a try.Okay.. holy crap. Maybe I'm drunk, maybe I just have good taste in food but the jumbalaya pasta was FANTASTIC! I was skeptical about the alligator sausage, but damn; it is just fantastic! Total 5 stars.. everything is perfection!Our original plans fell through so we ended up here. The food was decent but we selected it primarily based on location. The shrimp po boy was well seasoned as were the red beans and rice. We DID NOT like the etoufee.4 adults, 1 toddler,  Saturday  night,  very busy restaurant.  Im giving  3 stars for food,  service  negative  3. We were ushered  in by staff,  shown  table,  seated  ourselfs. We had to find  our  own  high chair,  sat  near  bar, register, drink station.  About 20 minutes later a harried  waiter (Dylan )  finally  asked  if  we wanted  drinks, still no menus.  Took forever  to get menus. ..he was either  new,  untrained,  or just  totally stressed.  The other wait staff  were  turning  at a consistent  pace.  Ours  would disappear.  We finally  got  our  meal probably  40 minutes  into  gettung  water. Food  very good : pasta,  po boy, steak. The fries  were  very  good : not  oily.  We had  a yelp for  free dessert  and we told  waiter  we wanted to order  dessert to go: he disappeared.  I could  tell he was being  monitored and  assisted  by management . We never  got  desert and  had  to flag  another  waiter for  check. We paid  , left,  and gave  no tip. Hated to do that but ih well. Food : as good  as any other  nola eatery,  service left  bad taste in month.NOLA!  What a great experience!  We were lucky to get a seat on the balcony and Fee was our server!  Fee was very attentive and fun!  We ordered the Taste of New Orleans and it didn't disappoint. The food was tasty and spiced just right. I had a Hurricane and it was spot on. We had the Bananas Foster Ice Cream and the Kahlua Mousse? Both were exceptional. Would come back again and again and again!!!Delicious!!! We had a mix of many things, the Cajun pasta, the red beans and rice, the chicken Alfredo, blackened chicken poboy, gumbo and alligator bites.  Nothing was rates just OK... Everything was fantastic. Jonathon was our server and was wonderful. Best service we have had in NOLA.The gumbo was good.  The crawfish etouffee was excellent.  My husband and I splitted this and we both got good portions so we found it to be a very good deal.The food was delicious and the service is great I first I ordered the seafood gumbo as an appetizer, for the main course cajun jambalaya pasta  and dessert the bourbon pecan pie excellent no complaints.  The service was excellent they were very friendly and attentive to our needs. I will definitely come back.If you ask a cop on Bourbon Street where to eat after 11pm most will tell you to come here. Why? That's a great question. Of the few Cajun places that remain open late this is the best, several different cops told us. (Or they are getting free food from this particular location and shuffle customers in.) What did seem odd is most of the handful we polled (and we asked as sober folks) mentioned we should try Oceana or Olde NOLA Cookery, two places that are open late and also by the same owner. 
Regardless, this place is worth a late night bite. It's better priced that some nearby competitors and while the food isn't amazing, it's at par with chains you've likely been to like Copelands and Pappadeaux. This isn't the kind of place that's a destination restaurant, like many others in NOLA. Meanwhile, it sure beats all the pizza by slice joints that surround it. The reality, come here for Cajun after 10pm when the competition is closed and you have no other choice. That's when it's best. And, that late at night you'll be content with the food and the service which is far better than like competitors nearby (we aren't referring to the high end spots). 
I've eaten here a few times and everything is a strong average, but don't expect great sides. The veggies taste like they are made in the microwave and the collard greens definitely stemmed from a can. We've had the blackened redfish here a few times (it's much cheaper than at competitors) but often overcooked. Here's the blunt version. If you're from the Great Lakes, Northeast, or Northwest, you'll rave about this place. Meanwhile, if you live anywhere in the South, you'll agree, it's average.Delicious seafood options. Catfish po boy was amazing as were the crab cakes and eggplant sticks. Best hurricane in the city and the tropical storm drink is dangerous. 
Great atmosphere and Kyle is a phenomenal bartender.My first time in New Orleans and my first meal was at Olde Nola Cookery for my first Shrimp Po' Boy. It was delicious and just what I wanted. The place is very busy which means people love the food.The amazing crab cakes with étouffée rocked! Great experience! Fabulous service and waiter!Great food, great service! Can hear the sounds from Bourbon Street while dining. We had a band playing just outside when we arrived. The seafood platter is mounded with food if you are looking to fill up, and perhaps have some left. We all enjoyed our visit to this restaurant.Love the atmosphere..food was delicious. Our server Chris was so nice to us three girls from Atlanta. The gentleman Matthew was also gracious. Crab cakes was delightful. Hopefully we will return before heading back.Perfect spot on Bourbon to get some really good, fresh seafood! Crabcakes with crawfish sauce, fried shrimp, fried catfish, red beans and rice and gumbo are all must haves! Sit near or in the front windows and people watch while quwnching your thirst with a couple of their sweet but powerful alcoholic concoctions! Jarvis and Katrina deliver that famous Nawlins hospitality and made my 3 visits this stay,  perfect! Jarvis remembered my favorite table and Katrina remembered my favorite drink (s); the food and service are second to none!
This is the first 5 star rating I've given!
Edited to add: I have watched some rude and disrespectful behaviors from so many customers that its really disheartening. To you, come on off of your high horse and treat people the way you want to be treated. These emoyees are in the service industry but they re not your servants!I got the crab cakes and the taste of new Orleans, which has gumbo, crawfish etouffe, and red beans, and it was excellent.  Felix's and ACME are within sight of this place and it beats then both hands down.For some reason a sheriff seems to be out in front of the place every time I walk by here. Not sure why, but on my first day in New Orleans I stopped and asked what he recommends and he said this place and Oceana ( I think they're owned by the same person). Me and my friends were happy with our service and our food. I got the taste of New Orleans with a side of crab cakes, and I wasn't disappointed. Their rice and beans have been the best I've tasted here so far. The crab cakes were fairly large and when I took a bite, I could definitely tell they weren't stingy on the seafood. Also, my crawfish etoufee was good too. Both of my friends said they really liked their food too. Also, the waitress was friendly enough to offer up her opinion on other good restaurants and places to dance. It was a good welcoming to New Orleans for this tourist.great little spot for a quick lunch if you're in the area and wanting a quick bite. they have all the classic New Orleans stuff. i had the Taste of New Orleans, which was perfect and not too much. it came with a small bowl of gumbo, crawfish etouffee, and red beans with rice and smoked sausage. overall, they all tasted great and left me satisfied. it wasn't super filling, but gave me the energy needed to explore the rest of New Orleans. definitely worth a stop if you're on Bourbon St and want a quick casual bite.2 Things: Cajun Poutine... and Kahlua Chocolate Mousse Pie!! Wow. Use the yelp app check in to get the freebies! And don't miss their Martinis. Definitely worth our visit to this gem. It's located on Bourbon Street and has surpassed my expectations!Food was awesome. Had fried shrimp, oysters, gator, ribs, blackened chicken, Cajun bloody mary. All were very good!The fried seafood combination is a lot! But it is fried seafood and too much oil for me. The blacken chicken is a famous plate in New Orleans. While it is just fine for me. Not very tasty. Just fine...Came here at 1 AM with my mother and got the crawfish cheese fries. Came back later that day for them again and the chocolate cake, Absolutely DELICIOUS. Our waiter was awesome, very insightful.I really was enjoying myself with my family and was really looking for some good NOLA food. Although it was rather late, we stop in to try it out. I must say that it was very reasonable and good. Although there were lines (Bourbon St. can be very busy at night), we did not have a long wait. We were seated in the upstairs section of the restaurant and the one thing I didn't care for is the darkness and the inability to really look and review the place. Heck, I had a hard time reading the menu, lol.  I can't remember what everyone ordered (it was seven of us), but I ordered the fried oysters. The servings were enough for two people. The oysters were good, but a bit greasy. It came with hush puppies and cole-slaw, which I'm really picky about slaw because of a bad experience, and fries. 
You know I always say everyone deserves second chances if its somewhat good. When in NOLA, there are so many choices. If I run out of those choices, I will be back.Great food and nice ambience. This was the first restaurant we tried since touching down in nawlins and was very pleased so far. You have the option to sit upstairs or downstairs. The good thing about this place is that you can bring in outside drinks so bottoms up. We initially ordered two platters however, seeing the other tables with the same meal we realized one seafood platter would suffice and of course we were still unable to finish that one platter together. The portions are huge!  We also shared the crab cake appetizer and it was also good. Nice size and again definitely fulfilling and sharable. I am use to a dry crabcake, however the crab cake was wet due to sauce that goes over it and I forgot the name of it.  This place is definitely worth trying.Bobby was our waiter and he was awesome! The food was yummy. Definitely will come back.The food was what I expected for the price.  I ate my first oysters here, so it will always have a special place in my heart.  However, what earns the five-rating is the service.  The entire staff was very kind and very attentive to our table.  My husband never ran out of wine and, I swear, they were already bringing me new silverware before I dropped mine on the floor.Not a one star place but need to balance the clear Yelp star inflation going on here. It's a pricey for what it is run down restaurant that fits into the theme on Bourbon street. Not bad food but nothing special.We just waited 20 minutes JUST to get our drinks and when I complained the manager told me the waiter "failed me". When we FINALLY got our drinks all I kept hearing was "sorry, sorry" but there wasn't any kind of compensation, nothing! Then the manager showed me the waiter had put in our order late, when the people next to us came after we ordered. No shit! Shittiest experience I've had in New Orleans. Completely ruined my Mother's Day dinner. Thanks!Welp, it has 2 floors which is nice. There's a deck to look over the street and most importantly it has air conditioning. If come back here, although it's a bit slow. Po boy holdin it down hereDon't let the visual exterior of this place detour you.   The interior is historical, well laid out and the service amazing.   We had Jessica and she was polite, smiled, very knowledgeable and didn't Hoover.   The food was amazing, I hade the blackened po-boy and wife had the jambalaya pasta with gator.  Don't stand in line for an hour at other places when you can come here and have as good IG not better a meal!This is one wonderful place to get some delicious cajun/creole food at a reasonable price. I visited this place during a recent trip to NOLA. I had the blackened gator bites which were awesome and had a blackened chicken po boy sandwich. The service and atmosphere was friendly and wonderful!They say bourbon street food isn't that top notch but I'm telling you stop by right here and grab some crab cakes. Evelyn was Nice, attentive, and flat out great! Get the window seat and people watch it's a whole lot of fun haha. #crabcakesI was looking for a place to eat lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. I was waived in by a server outside who promised me it was going to be one of the best authentic creole food I would eat. I was a bit skeptical as usual with anyone who says this but once I was seated I was greeted and my order taken in no time.  I had the blackened chicken platter that came with greens, red beans and rice and I added an extra side of gumbo.  Boy was this delicious! I had to give the doorman who waived me in from off the street his props.  
Menu 3/5
Service 4/5
Taste 4/5
Location 5/5Stopped in while strolling Bourbon Street after a long day of walking around New Orleans.  Had a very short line outside and my party of 5 was seated almost immediately.  Friendly sports bar type atmosphere with at least 5 TVs showing different games.  Our order seemed simple enough but unfortunately two identical pasta dishes, a burger, a poboy and grilled chicken took over 30 minutes to appear.  When it arrived, the poboy was now a catfish dinner, the sides on the chicken were wrong and the burger was a child's size, not adult and took even longer to correct.  The food was not bad, but nothing spectacular either, it was just good.  The desserts, bananas foster ice cream cake and bread pudding were very good.  The waitstaff was very nice.  With all the choices on Bourbon Street, I don't think I'll stop in again but if you're hungry and the line isn't too long, give it a try.  Just double check your order.Thank  goodness this place closes at 2am. We came really hungry after walking  Bourbon St. The restaurant was a bit crowded and we ordered take-out at the bar. I ordered a bowl of gumbo and also tried their fried shrimp po'boy. The gumbo was sooooo good. It was so rich and flavorful and it really hit the spot. The fried shrimp po'boy was solid, but not great. The shrimp were nicely fried but it lacked flavor and it was a little dry. Not a bad place for late night munchies.We enjoyed this place on our last night in NO. I had the trio with red beans n rice, jambalaya and crawfish etouffee. It was all very good. The service couldn't have been better and a window seat overlooking bourbon street was perfect on a Saturday night. 
Will be back again!My go to spot when in town.  Not a big seafood fan but I love their fried shrimp.  Great big portion too.  Jalapeño hush puppies are great as well.  Also, save room for dessert.  My favorite is the Bananas Foster Ice Cream Cake.  Yum.  Great service as well as great prices.  Enjoy.Everything we ordered was delicious. It was a bit of an inconvenience to get to due to the construction on Bourbon, but we went in on a Thursday night and we're seated immediately. We went all in!! We ordered the Gator Bites that were awesome! Also had an order or fresh Oysters that were delicious. The Fried seafood platter. Everything on the dish was yummy and tasty. The breading was good as well. We also had the Red Fish Cookery which was delicious. We finished it off with a Bourbon Pecan Pie, this was my least favorite. Didn't like the Bourbon taste in it and although we didn't request it, it came warm. I prefer it not to be warm. 
service was good too.The food was good the first two times we ate there but the service wasn't very good at all the last time we was there .. the waiter was very unprofessional and he completely ignored us and messed up our orders several times I think his name was Jonnell and he seemed pretty new to serving customers I really believe it was my fault for going back to the same restaurant 3 times I should have went to the sisters restaurant Oceana I heard they were better but all in all the food was okay the first time we went and service was very good the first 2 timesI've been to NOLA tons of times & I don't know how I've walked past this place so many times & never actually eaten or had drinks here.If you're from out of town you definitely have to get the Taste of New Orleans,it gives you a chance to taste a little bit of everything that you think of eating when you think about NOLA.I was only in town from BR but I'm very indecisive & sometimes my eyes are bigger than my stomach & I want EVERYTHING so this was the perfect plate for me, a little of everything. Red Beans and Rice with Sausage,Crawfish Etouffee and of course Gumbo.The only thing they were missing was some Jambalaya!(See my eyes are bigger than my stomach.) I also got some steamed vegetables that were cooked & seasoned just right. Myles was our waiter when we ate dinner & after dinner we had 4 other friends come & meet us just for drinks so we moved from a 4 top table to an 8 top without any problems.Myles was really sweet about it.You know how sometimes you go places & the servers give you attitude or act like its this huge deal if you want to move tables & keep drinking? Well this was NOT the case.It was a very busy Sat.night,we dirtied up 2 tables,there were others waiting for a table & he cleaned another table for us all with a good attitude & a smile on his face. Catrina took over after Myles & took care of our drink orders.I had the Golden  Cadillac Margarita & it was really delicious & I also had a Bahama Mama that was tasty as well.Both of those drinks definitely had a good amount of alcohol in them,they weren't just full of sweet syrup.This place had really good service from both Myles & Catrina,I will definitely be coming back.We also got the 10% off our meal bc we were Yelpers.Delicious food and awesome drinks! We had the taste of New Orleans, the crab cakes, Bloody Mary and Cadillac margarita. 
Service was great. Myles was our waiter. He was awesome.Great authentic food our server Bri was very sweet and helpful . Food was delicious crab cake as a starters were amazing . I recommend this place .I looked at this spot earlier in the day but the guy out front gave me eye contact to come in.  So glad I did.  Great ambiance, friendly staff.  The server, Shametria, was friendly, cute, and on point.   The food and drinks were off the scale.  I really gained 30lbs.  The manager came over to verify all was good.  Strongly recommend.Had the blackened chicken with red beans and rice and mashed potatoes. Plus thanks to Yelp I got the free dessert. Thanks Yelp. 
All for 20 bucks. Too easy right?
Have that exact meal and you can't go wrong. CheersPleasantly surprised. Friendly staff; not your typical Bourbon Street carnival workers. Good food. Our waitress, Arielle, was perfectly charming. I'm sure we'll be back.Our waitress Fee, was great. But we waited over an hour for our food. The then it came out, everything was soggy in oil.  The coleslaw tasted as if they put the whole bottle of mayo in the mix. The place was very very noisey. I had a hard time hearing the person next to me talking. I will not be back!Hello. I am from Los Angeles, CA. Upon heading back to my hotel to catch a Lyft to the airport, Malcolm lured me in from the outside as he stood at the door greeting people and enticing us with menus. I know I didn't have much time but I came in and enjoyed myself. I had a good conversation with Malcolm. He was delightful and very pleasant. He made me feel so welcomed and so loved. What a man of God. Obie also helped me. Obie was also welcoming and very Southern/hospitable. They were very friendly men. In fact, they were some of the nicest men I met in NOLA. Even my waitress was nice. The food was good too. I loved the cold slaw. The Po Boy I had was better than Deanies Thanks for the good food, good conversation, and good vibes. I needed that. 
I wish you all the best Obie and Malcom, May you be blessed by God always. I'm back in LA!!A bowl of gumbo tells you how good restaurants in NOLA are. Here it's mediocre. Good flavor but it's all soup, no seafood. I ordered a bowl and found 3 mini shrimp in it. At $7, I didn't complain but I'm not coming back. 
Service was attentive and courteous. Make sure to check in to get a free glass of wine or dessert. I opted for dessert.Food is just ok, the atmosphere is pretty cool. But, there are other place I would recommend in the French Quarters.look the food is super amazing and the food is super amazin. That girl jessy shes so professional and nice. the other reasons i come here is bc of her and Mr. AL. and the amazing desert also. today was my birthday and I got a nice desert which i forgot my self and finished it all in seconds. Big recommendationCasual restaurant. Service with a smile. Redfish was delicious!! Red beans were amazing! Very quick and efficient!!! Would highly recommend!Really great food! We've been driving from San Diego stopping along the way and this is the best stop we've made so far by far!! (:Uninspired and bland, pedestrian and routine; don't expect any brilliance here... pricing is typical Bourbon-inflated, and the food fails even compared to the touristy, generic, hyped, and tired Nawlins eats. I left disappointed and vastly poorer.Pleasantly surprised.  Thought I was going to be eating food from a sports bar due to all the sports on the various TV's.  Would definitely go back.  Great service.Pro: Gator tail bites, good hearty meals, great waiter service
Con: a bit salty and thick, the crab cakes had cold spots
I came here after realizing that the ACME oyster bar did not allow separate checks and reservation. Compared to the other places it was a bit lower price. Overall the atmosphere is very casual with a moderate background noise of other customers talking. The waiter was patient with us and was very kind, not rushing is or giving us any mean looks when we asked for a drink. The wait time for the food was not too long and allowed my friends to talk before the appetizers came. One of my friends had the alligator tail (half blackened/half fried) and I tried the fried one. I have never tried alligator tail before it I would have to admit it tasted very good. It was savory and salty in a good way. My appetizer was the crab cakes which were good but they had some cold spots that made it somewhat unpleasant. Also the sauce was a bit too thick for my preference.
For the main entree I had the Taste of New Orleans. The Gumbo was great but not phenomenal, a bit salty for me. The crawfish étouffée was great with the bread that was served on the side. The only drawback was that the crab legs that were in there had no meat at all, and tasted not so fresh. The red beans and rice with sausage was another good mixup but it was on the heavy side.
Overall it was a very good experience that I would definitely come back for. I wouldn't have the crab cakes again but I will definitely be back for the gator tail bites.We happened to discover Nola's by luck while searching for one final meal before leaving NOLA.  We were wanting to eat at AMC Oyster but the line was too long for us, so we continued down the street.  While looking at Nola's outside menu, a gentleman walking in began to tell he enjoyed Nola's food so much on his first trip that he came back two times since then.  That was enough to convince us, we were seated upstairs which had a nice vine next to the balcony.  The wait staff was friendly and quick.  I shared the sea food platter with my girlfriend and that was enough for her and I.  This was the first time for me to try fired oysters, and I would eat them.  After eating catfish at several other restaurants on our five day trip, Nola's catfish was hands down the best; as well as their hush puppies!  I recommend washing down their great food with a local beer.  We also received 10% our meal for checking in on Yelp!  I will certainly return next time I find myself in NOLA.excellent food excellent service. great taste of louisiana. very very important u get a free desert if u check in, well i did. anyway the shrimps were delicious. I waitress Mary was very helpful.Average. I had red beans and rice which was pretty good. Wife had a shrimp poboy that was not good. She said the shrimp and fries tasted like they were fried in old oil.
For $15-20 a plate there are much better places to eat around bourbon streetThe food here is very good. Jambalaya, gumbo, and blackened chicken were all extremely delicious plates. The bread pudding is a MUST. My only recommendation is to add ice cream to the bread pudding. Overall, very good food.The taste of New Orleans was very good. The seafood platter was excellent also. Great service and nice atmosphere.The drinks were weak and they took long to come take our order when the restaurant wasn't even busy but I completely forgave all that cause the food was that good. I had the gumbo, gator tail bites and the french fries that were topped with cheese and a variety of seafood. It was hands down the best food I had during my trip to New Orleans. Everything was very much perfectly seasoned and so full of flavor, even after I was full I still wanted to keep eating. It was also all very reasonably priced so if you want good food that wont leave your wallet looking starved then this is the place for you.We were so glad they were open for Christmas eve. For appetizers we had their famous crab cakes. They were lightly seasoned accompanied with a seafood sauce. I thought the portion was pretty big for an appetizer and was very filling. For entree we has the crawfish entouffe. Omg! it was soooo good. I haven't had entouffe in other places, but I really liked the taste of this version. Overall even though we had ordered take out and ate it after a while, I thought the food was good & tasty.Great place to eat...the shrimp fettuccine Alfredo was fabulous! Server was very attentive and sweet...highly recommend this place!I saw an ad on New Orleans Official Visitors Guide 2015 about this place winning an award for the best gumbo in 2014. So I took my family for dinner here last night and we enjoyed it. The gumbo was excellent. I thought it was comparable to the gumbo we had for lunch at Oak Alley Plantation. My husband thought it was better. The seafood platter was delicious as well. It was fried to perfection with a light and crispy batter. Service was fast and friendly.Mr. Jarvis showed me a menu on the Bourbon Street sidewalk and talked me into trying this place out for dinner my first night in NOLA. I'm glad I listened to him. I sat on the second floor balcony where I had a perfect view of the entertainment below and even had some beads thrown at me. My server, Jordan, had a great personality and when I ordered the shrimp po boy, he recommended I try it half shrimp and half catfish. It was delicious. The sandwich was loaded and I enjoyed eating the extra shrimp and catfish pieces until I was able to somewhat close the sandwich and and get a full bite. The sauce tasted like a mayo with a bit of a tang and the sandwich had the right amount of lettuce, tomato, and pickle. Great location, good food, and very friendly staff.My last visit was over 15 years ago. However, was quite confused by it's new address on Bourbon Street #205 and new name:"Oceana." The old name was "Ole Naw'lins Cookery" on was on Conti off Bourbon St. Well...anyway, the menu is pretty much the same typical Naw'lins cuisine. Everything we tried, the crab cakes with a light remoulade sauce was very good...a lot of crab meat, a fried seafood platter was large enough for two was also well fried, moist and tasty and not greasy. And the best and still my favorite is the bread pudding ... Probably the best I've had and I have sampled many at a multitude of places all over the world. We had one of the local cocktails Sazerak and it is like a Manhattan, a little drier and no (awful) cherries. We sat in the back courtyard while small and next to the kitchen was very quite. The prices were very reasonable in comparison to other places with similar cuisine.I am not one who enjoys posting bad reviews, but something I enjoy even less is a bad experience when it comes to the hospitality industry, and let me just say, this was a BAD experience. We got seated right away which was nice but from there it took a good 10 minutes for any server at all to address that we were there. When someone finally came to get our drinks it wasn't even our server. The gentleman who got our drinks acted pretty put out. He literally asked "can I get you a drink?"  Coming from the hospitality industry myself, I'll go ahead and give you a tip here, OFFER me a specific beverage. Seriously. It's one tiny step that will make you stand out above the rest. 
Either way, when our server finally made her way to our table she apologized for the wait, said she wasn't used to her section and asked what we wanted to eat. I ordered a special that they had which was buffalo shrimp, oysters, and alligator I think. If I had originally known they would charge $26 for some fried food, I wouldn't have ordered it. Either way, it was terrible. The meat was all cooked correctly but the sauce was atrocious. I could smell buffalo from the dish but there wasn't even a hint of buffalo in the flavor profile, which is still confusing me. The cole slaw was good and the garlic potatoes were decent but something about that sauce was seriously off-putting. 
The server came by and asked how things were but it was like in passing as she was flightingly running around like a chicken with her head cut off. I didn't even have a chance to inform her at that time that I didn't like my food. I set the plate off to the other side of the table and watched the manager walk past and look at my full plate of food more than once. Come on now mr manager, surely you could have gathered something wasn't right. 
I will say that the manager does know how to give refills. I saw him doing plenty of that since his waitstaff was epically failing at even noticing that their tables had empty drinks. When I was finally able to let the server know I didn't enjoy my food she said she would get the manager. It took a good 10 minutes for him to address the issue, while in the meantime he was chatting up the bartender and apparently living in a mass state of confusion about where food should be dropped off. When he came by he addressed my dislike of the food but honestly seemed like he's never had to deal with such a problem. Poor guy seemed lost. He offered 25% off of our meal and a free dessert and once again if I had known I was paying $26 for my plate, I wouldn't have accepted that as the solution. Our bill was $34 (before leaving a generous 20% tip despite crap service) for a bowl of red beans and rice and a plate of food I didn't eat. (As well as the free dessert). Still too high in my opinion though. 
Overall, this place needs serious work. I understand it's the big easy and no one gets in a hurry for anything but customer service should still be a priority and this place didn't have any. Needless to say, I won't be back, nor will I recommend this place to anyone visiting NOLA.Great service and great food.  Seafood gumbo was awesome .  Love the atmosphere.  Nice place to sit and chillGreat drinks and service. I really enjoyed my shrimp poboy and golden margarita. The poboy was huge. You definitely get bang for your buck and with the convenient location on Bourbon St. you're right in the center of the action. Our server Bobby was great. I'll definitely go back the next time I am in the Big Easy.Doorman rude. Would not close door despite cold draft. When he was told to close it he opened it later with snide comments to the rent a cop at the door. Eggplant sticks are soggy. The seafood platter is plentiful and okay, just that Okay. Used the Yelp discount and it took forever to get the bill.This place was really yummy! Very authentic NOLA food and great drinks. The Bloody Mary was delicious. Lots of garnishes. John was our server and he was so friendly and patient while helping us choose what to eat. The dessert is AMAZING!Best duck hands down in the quarter. I recommend double red beans with the meal instead of the veggies, with Crystal hot sauce. Nice local atmosphere and occasionally bands play outside on bourbon street. Friendly officer is always outside the front door so no worries about crazy drinks finding their way in. Joe the manager, Jonathan the bartender, and Mallory + Ashly are friendly.After having a horrible experience at star steak and lobster, I decided to come here and all I can say is wow! We were immediately greeted, seated immediately and the food came out quick! My waitress is a sweetheart I believe her name is Jonna. The food is great! Definitely come here the place is nice and the staff is great.. The food speaks for itsself.. YUMMY!We had the seafood platter and it was delicious!! Going back today for the gumbo.the service is awesome and atmosphere is nice. Try the gumbo as well but the seafood platter is so big u may not be able to eat anything more.First restaurant I visited while in NOLA. Food was good and the service was great. I had the NOLA trio which as the name suggests included three traditionally New Orleans dishes. Overall, great start on my vacation. However, I wish I had known that there were two additional floors... we would have loved to have sat on the balcony! And also, not the cleanest restaurant i've ever been in but that can be understandable given that its on Bourbon St.Go up to the second floor to walk back and forth between the balcony and your meal!The beans and rice was out of this world! The crab cakes had the perfect consistency of crab and breaded crust. We sat upstairs and enjoyed the balcony breeze. Great place to hang out and eat good food.Takeout after a long day of sightseeing. Good food at a reasonable price, close at hand in the French Quarter.We ordered Taste of New Orleans: red beans and rice, crawfish ettouffe, seafood gumbo, the portion look small but after you are done eating all this you'll be very full with good meals. You should try this menu. Everything is delicious.Wasn't really hungry when I walked into this restaurant but after walkin on Bourbon and being somewhat buzzed I wanted something to eat. Decided to walk in here because I'm not really feeling the pizza slices that are everywhere. Ordered Red Beans & Rice and it was soooo good. Definitely prefer this over a $5 slice of pizza. Also when we were outside looking at the menu a worker came out and gave us a 10% off coupon.Was stoped by Mr BOURBON and given a menu ... 
Next day we returned to check them out 
Jess M was our waitress ... very knowledgable of the menu we had blackened gator bites ..they were seasoned well and very tender.  Entree Taste of New Orleans Gumbo (somewhat thin lots of shrimp!) Crawfish etoufee seasoned well , red beans and rice (good) also crawfish Creole fries ....and banana foster ice cream cake ... you have  to visit ! Will be back ....BEST GUMBO ON BOURBON ST.!!!
I have no bias. I have never heard of this place nor was it recommended to me. Honestly, my girlfriend and I 
only walked in because the guy was waving a menu up and down the sidewalk claiming that this restaurant  had the best gumbo in town. My girlfriend and I were hungry so we had to see if he was just saying this to get people in the door or was the food actually good. 
Jamie was our server and he seemed quiet and reserved but he was still efficient and checked on us often. Started off with cups of gumbo which were AMAZING. Crab and shrimp in every bite (that's no exaggeration). Seasoned perfectly. Not buried in spices like some gumbo. I had a blackened chicken po boy. And my girlfriend had oysters on the half shell. My po boy was good. Bread was a little dry like it may have been sitting out for a while but overall good. My only other flaw was I ordered a strawberry daiquiri and it tasted more like ice than alcohol or strawberry. I told Jamie and he bought the manager over immediately. The manager remedied the situation simply by asking what my issue was with the drink and making the better. He asked me to taste it before he left the table to make sure it was to my liking. I appreciated that. 
Police officer sits right at the front entrance. Is kind of weird because he was staring the customers down and you don't know if he's carding you or securing the area. Awkward. Food makes up for it. Try the gumbo.Just stopped in for dessert and Bailey's and coffee. Both were delicious, and service at the bar was friendly and helpful despite how busy the place was.Stopped here for a quick bite at the recommendation of our hotel. We were not disappointed! The portions were a healthy size so we split an appetizer of gator bites and a serving of red beans and rice. The gator tastes just like chicken (I promise!) and we were able to order a mixture of fried and grilled. The red beans and rice were out of this world! So creamy and just a little spice to add a nice kick. This was my first meal in NOLA and it set the bar really high. Bonus points because they make a mean margarita and offer to go cups! The service was awesome and so fast. A perfect place for a quick sit down meal.I spent quite a bit of time trying to decide where to eat my first time on Bourbon St. My girlfriend and I finally wandered into the Olde Nola Cookery. They gave us a window seat which alone was awesome! I had the combo platter that had red beans and rice, gumbo, and crawfish etouffee. I also snagged a couple bites of the shrimp and jalapeno hush puppies from my girlfriend's plate. Everything was absolutely amazing! This will be on my list anytime I'm in New Orleans!Was good but not so exceptional.  We started with a Caesar salad which was very plain and disappointing. We also share the red fish and that was better. The best was the rice and beans. Also the vegetables were good.  Service however was very good.The food was ok. We love the bread pudding. Not too sweet that how we like it. Very nice manager and staffs. Redfish place was good.Stopped in for lunch.the ambience was nice. Had good zydeco playing. The waitress we had wasnt friendly her name was jess. She didnt ask us not ounce if we enjoyed the meal or needed anything. Ordered the bowl of gumbo for an appetizer. The gumbo was good and hot. Even had a crab leg in (most places now are too stingy with crab legs in gumbo). Good portion size. Then ordered the shrimp po boy. I didn't know the po boy had horseradish on it. (If you don't like horseradish be warned) My man ordered the seafood platter. The platter was alot of food. That came with fish,shrimp,fries and hushpuppies. The hush puppies were dry. But the rest of his platter was good.Well the poo boys were awesome and the waiter was good 
But when our bill came at 1 am the Bloody Mary went from $10 to $16. Perfect example of trying to rip off people who are drinking. But sorry I was not that drunk ! 
When I asked why the bloody Mary's was so high he said my husband wanted a double. Well we didn't order a double. Then the manager came by and he was super creepy and said well I saw him make a double and if u are refusing it's coming out of ur waiters pay. How terrible is that. Felt bad for the waiter and told him his boss is an a$@hole 
Well then he called the rent a cops on me and told me nice mouth. So in a not shell not worth going to even if ur remotely drunk they will try to rip u offOk sooo the food is sooo good tonight I was served by Felicia Brown she was pleasant and provided great service. She was also able to help me with great food decisions. I was very satisfied and will come back to this restaurant when in town again and againExcellent food - the seafood was great.
The free desert thru Yelp was also great and we had a 10% discount vouchers as well, BUT what the hell is with a bouncer on the door at 7pm on Monday night at a quite restaurant armed with a pistol on his hip!
Talk about over the top threatening.
What is the need for this or is this normal American mentalityGreat value for a ton of food and the service was excellent. Our server Jess M was friendly, attentive, and made great recommendations. The banana foster ice cream cake is delicious.Amazing food at reasonable prices. Delicious Étouffée!!! Ask for Bobby as your server he is 5 stars!!!Staff was nice, good place to rest feet, have a beer and watch some sports for a minute. Had red beans and rice...Popeyes type of quality and the crab cakes were fried from frozen. A good deal of crab mixed in with breading but not the least bit fresh, moist or anything. Probably good for those already deep in aberrations.This place was just ok. Got the crawfish etouffe   but there wasn't much crawfish. Pretty pricey and kind of slow.EXCELLENT Gumbo. Ate there after arriving and they have lots of sandwiches and po'boys, perfect for lunch.Was greeted outside by the doorman who was very professional. Jamaal was our waiter and he rocked. We came in for just a couple appetizers and dessert. We had the crab cakes, barbecue shrimp, and the bananas foster ice cream cake. All the food came out quick and was delicious.This is the worst experience I've ever had in a restaurant! Had friends from out of town, we were on bourbon street and this guys outside the restaurant waved us in to check them out. This was the worst restaurant I've ever eaten in New Orleaans. The gumbo was cold. Had to return it for them to warm it up and tried calling one of the waitress (Jess) over she told us she is not our waitress and walk off. The utensils were dirty with food stain wrap in napkin. We were just about to eat the jambalaya and a big roach came from behind me on the wall and one of the waiter who wave us in had to come in and kill it almost fell in our food.  He got the manager for us, Jessica Becker, she told us it's New Orleans what do we expect! Wow!!!!!!!!!!!I wonder if the health department was there, would they have felt the same way! She was rude and unapologetic. The manager and the waitress Jess needs to get retrained on customer service and how to treat people who come to spend money in their restaurant.  The only person that was apologetic was the black guy by the door, he was very kind, he should be the manager instead, he knows how to treat customers. The manager Jessica and the other waitress Jess  acted like they didn't want to be at work nor cared  about the customers. We will never go there again!!!!!  I don't even want to give them one star!!! Save your money go elsewhere!!!!!Solid choice for the French Quarter. The Taste of New Orleans with cups of gumbo, crawfish étouffée, and red beans & rice is a great taster. The standouts are the gumbo and red beans & rice. The étouffée is good with tasty crawfish but had a more gelatinous texture than I like.Best Bloody Mary I've ever had.  The bartender is great, the food is great and the portions are big.  We could've split but didn't know.  The menu has a good variety which we appreciated after having fish for 3 days in a row.Was here a couple of days ago and what a mistake it was.The food was absolutely  horrible.I had their specialty which was the pasta with shrimp and crawfish and it look like i ordered soup,not to mention i fell ill not to long after.The only positive about this place is that the server  was very attentive.This place is part of a chain of Oceana Grill.  I ordered the Ultimate Seafood platter which consisted of fried catfish, oysters, crawfish, crabcake, fries, coleslaw and gumbo. OMG it was goood! CATFISH was amaaazing! Moist inside and tasty! Our server was Briana and she was very friendly and helpful. She was knowledgeable of their menu and answered our questions.  Tried the Hurricane drink and it tasted like a fruity passion guava drink (with alcohol).  It is a must have/try while in NOLA. Food came out quick... talk about fast service. Dont forget to check in because you can get a free glass of wine or dessert.  Ordered the New Orleans Bread pudding and it was BOMB! There are about 17 tables that seats about 4ppl so im sure it can fit a big group. Also has bar seating so you can stop by for a drink or two....or three! lolI had hoped to get a taste of New Orleans cuisine here.  Reviews looked good.  Well, the food was good, but not great.  We got the "Taste of New Orleans" which includes beans/rice, etouffee, and gumbo.  Also got the crawfish crab cakes.
The servings were really very small.  Especially for the price charged.  The difference in flavor between the gumbo and the etouffee was surprisingly small.  I've had them elsewhere and they should be very distinct.  I honestly had trouble figuring out which was which.  The crab cakes tasted like crab cakes.  Nothing really extraordinary.
I go with three stars because the food was good.  "A-OK".  But nothing special.  Certainly no better than I've had in places that were not in New Orleans.  No "wow".
If we were to return to New Orleans we would try to find someplace else.Great food! I feel like this is a secret place because when we came in there was no line outside and we got seated right away. The food was beyond amazing and everything we got was on point! Delicious po boys, delicious Cajun fries, and delicious desserts! The alcoholic beverages are great too! Especially the Cadillac margaritas which were not disappointing in any way!We sent our food back twice at RedFish Grille and came here. Our waitress "Trina" made our experience so much more pleasant from the second we walked in. What a sweetie!!! Steve ordered blackened RedFish and it is delicious! My fried catfish is light and oh soooo good. The collards here are really good. This is N'Awlins Cookin Folks! We will be back.Dropped in here for late night food and drinks following the Sugarbowl. There was a line but it moved quickly.  It was good decision for late night.  Atmosphere was festive.
We ordered Catfish platter with shrimp etoufee;
Catfish platter with red beans and rice;
Po boy 1/2 shrimp & 1/2 catfish and shrimp etoufee sides. Staff was courteous and made good recommendations.  It was nearly 3 am when we left.I came here for early-night drinks and I got Hurricane and Tidal Wave. They're good.  We got seafood platter but I'm a little bit overwhelmed by fried seafood already. FYI, the restrooms here are weird...Stopped by this colorful restaurant the weekend prior to Mardi Gras and the ratings did not disappoint. We were met with friendly guests, superb customer service and an excellent display of dishes and beverages. Some favorite drinks included their creative, flavorful Bloody Marys and Hurricanes. On the lunch course, they had a wonderful menu of local Creole dishes that melted in your mouth and filled your belly with complete satisfaction. Needless to say we had to walk it off on Bourbon Street and take a nap after. This is a must go if you are hungry!Food was GREAT! The atmosphere was amazing! The staff was friendly and attentive. Will come back
Here next time in NOLA!  The bread pudding is a must try!! It was delicious!!My girlfriend and I went here kind of late, around midnight, and there was a decent crowd still enjoying food and drinks. Our server was Trina and she was very helpful with choosing entrees and drinks. The manager was attentive and walking around to all the tables making sure everything that came out of the kitchen was prepared correctly. I had the taste of New Orleans, which had crawfish ettouffe, red beans and rice, and seafood gumbo. It was so delicious, I finished all three food items before I finished my first drink. Definitely recommend this place, especially late night.We were in New Orleans four days. This restaurant had the best food and service we experienced. The raw oysters were plump and tasty. the seafood platter had perfectly cooked shrimp, oysters, and catfish. The Cajun fries had a cheesy shrimp topping that would have made a delicious meal by itself. The bread pudding was perfectly moist with little crispy edges. Very attentive service by wait staff and even the manager stopped by our table. Very highly recommend!!!Had the blackened chix po boy. Really good. Lots of chicken on it and the sauce was great. Thanks to Yelp I got a free dessert for checking in. Had the bread pudding. Oh yah that was super tasty too. Service was pretty fast considering how busy they were. Although I ate at the bar and was the only patron at the bar for most of my meal. However the bartender was pretty busy pouring drinks for the rest of the house so she did pretty good. No complaints. Pricing very reasonable considering you're on bourbon street. Definitely better than some other places I've eaten in the French quarter.DAMN! The crawfish etoufée was AMZAZING. I could eat this dish all day, everyday. Great Service, great food, strong drinks. Our server DC was friendly, helpful and warm. Try the taste of New Orleans dish and get a strong drink while you're at it.  Cheers to the staff at Olde Nola Cookery!!!The Bahama Mama was not like I  had in the Bahamas.  The crab cakes, even though they were filled with crab and had a crawfish gravy over them were not as good as they could have been  They were not warm enough when they were served and tasted "old". The gumbo was not as good as mine so I guess I am spoiled. It was average and also tasted "old". I had the fresh oysters also and some had a ""fishy" taste. It was after 11pm and there were very few places open. All in all my husband and I decided that maybe we should have gone to Crystals. Too bad, the place was really busy. They could do so much better with a little more effort. I ordered the standard "crab cakes, gumbo, and oysters" I judge all "Cajun" places with and this one got a C+ at best.Started the crazy walk through the French Quarter and a great Jazz band was playing right in front of the restaurant. Things started to get pretty crowded. I checked the surrounding areas and looked up to see an awesome balcony with room for me and my boyfriend. We were escorted up a long staircase and went through windows to get to the balcony (so cool) our server Jason came out took our drinks, gave recommendations and for as full as the restaurant was he seemed to have always been there when we needed him. We enjoyed a dozen oysters, hurricane drinks and the unobstructed view of the jazz band below. The best thing I ate here so far is the barbecued shrimp which you peel yourself and is messy but damn the best flavors swimming in an amazing sauce and served with bread for dipping!! From start to finish this place was on point and again our sever Jason was amazing and attentive! I plan on going back a couple more times for the shrimp before we leave.Good food at reasonable prices and friendly staff. I got the Taste of New Orleans, husband got the knife and fork bbq ribs and 4 y/o son got the fish strips. The staff was very friendly but also provided us with enough space to enjoy our meal. Decent place to go if you are dining out with young children as they have a children's menu and provided crayons for our son to color his menu.This is the first place that we ate once we got to NO after being on the road all day because of how close it was and it was amazing! It was right around the corner from our hotel, the food came out in less than 15 minutes, it was beyond delicious, and the service was friendly! I will definitely go back!Great food at a great price. Tje scenery was great. The service was incredible and it was pretty busy when we went, which is even more impressive.First time New Orleans and First meal was at this restaurant. Crab cake was amazing! Red beans and rice, jambalaya also good as crab cake. I'm not sweet eater but Banana frosty ice cream was good too!Looks like a tourist trap, but has pretty decent eats. 
Ordered the Taste of New Orleans and the crawfish etouffee lived up to its name. The red beans and rice were also good, but the gumbo was average. Pricey and wouldn't come back, but a much better option imo than ACME Oyster house.6/25/16 7:30pm 
Food was pretty good. Server (Kasey) was sweet, but very poor service. All drinks over half empty, not one offer to refill. Appetizer ordered first came last....I mean very last after everyone finished eating entree. Manager maybe (a guy in a tie) even served it apologizing saying it was "on the house". Server also apologized saying it was complimentary......but she stil failed to make sure it was taken off check......no problem....it came off her tip....sorry. Two stars off for service.Packed house, there were 8 of us and we only had to wait about 5 minutes. The manager was super friendly and our server was a sweetheart. 
I had the Taste of New Orleans - gumbo, red beans and rice and crawfish étouffée. Man, that is what I'm talkin' about!!! Red beans and rice was my favorite, texture and flavor was ON POINT. The gumbo and étouffée were nothin' to laugh at either!!
Daughter had a shrimp po'boy, her only complaint was the sauce, she didn't like it, but she's 11! 
Gator tail bites were delish, fried was better than blackened. 
Sister and her hubs split the jambalaya pasta and it hit the spot for both. 
The little kids had kids meals, cheeseburger (my sister said it was really good!) and shrimp or maybe it was chicken. I don't remember. 
They had a 10% off if you check in on yelp! And for some reason my offer disappeared before I could show it to the server. Not an issue! 
After a dinner fail the night before my sister made sure to tell the manager how happy we were. 
Eat here, try the Taste and you won't be disappointed! Great spot and a great vibe!! Thank you for making our last meal a great one!!