When in NOLA, you MUST come to Ole Saint!
Lindsay the bartender is aMAYzing! And she totally knows her beer! Ask her anything! Plus, she told us about this beer app for your phone that helps you rate and remember the beers you've tried. She's totally cool.
So, apart from our awesome beertender, the food is absolutely delicious! And the draught beer selection is phenomenal! I couldn't believe this place is owned by a former pro football player b/c had I known that before, I may not have gone in to the place thinking (especially with the memorabilia), "Eh, he's just selling his name. It's probably not that great." But how wrong I would've been b/c he did this place right! I'm definitely going back! :DWorst service I have ever had in my life. They were not busy and would not bring us anything we needed or asked for during the meal. They were rude to us, and my waiter spilled a full glass of water on me and didn't even bring me any napkins. The food was not bad, but they wouldn't bring me ketchup for my French fries or any condiments and they didn't give me the salad I ordered. Horrible service I would never go backI'm writing this as I sit here, waiting for our check. We haven't seen our waitress in 20 minutes and the hostess doesn't know where she is either. 
The food is adequate, but the Mac and cheese was really delicious. 
Honestly, I wouldn't recommend this place- we only went because it's connected to our hotel. The food is meh and the service was meh.Amazing food! I'll admit that the bartender took a minute to address me, but was very polite and helpful once he found me. I had the Barbecue Shrimp which was excellent, best I've had in town. Followed that with the Catfish entree. Again, I haven't found better in NOLA any time I've been here. I'll be back to try more.
Great beer selection as well, 20+ local options on tap!Nice beer bar and nice bartender (Star). Lots of taps to choose from but best go for HH since you buy one get one free (lower priced beer). That make it worth it since many of the (local!?!) brews are upwards of $9 each so the HH basically brings the price to what two beers would normally cost, maybe slightly better.
I had the pulled pork nachos, which were 'ok' but had some digestive issues later so won't do that again. TMI? Hey, just saving you some problems!
Bar area is nice, bar seating comfortable and it's a beer knurd's dream to gaze upon all those taps when figuring out what's next :)This is Deuce McAllister's restaurant and bar in the French Quarter that I'm guessing just pays Deuce a licensing fee for him to make appearances similar to what Harrah's does with Manning's.  Just like at Manning's where Archie can often be seen Deuce is often found here.  The food is a concise menu of interesting selections that are mainly Louisiana food.  The bar is large and is clearly designed to be a nice venue for watching sports. During the recent Ole Miss Sugar Bowl festivities this place was packed to the gills with Ole Miss folks including the new Chancellor.Dining Date January 17, 2015.
The Ole Saint has an excellent selection of local and gulf coast beers on tap. While sampling a few brews, my wife ordered shrimp and grits, and I had a shrimp po boy. My wife raved about her meal. The shrimp were plump and crisp and the sauce was excellent. My po boy was average. The bread was too crusty and I didn't care for the spicey mayo, but it was loaded with shrimp. The bartender was friendly with good service, and it was not nearly as crazy as the Bourbon St. bars.Started off badly, then got worse. We were staying in the Wyndham and it was late, so we thought eating here would be convenient. We went to the hostess stand and were given three different wait-times by three different people. We got seated and drink orders were taken. Water and tea came pretty quickly, but my and my husband's drinks sat at the bar for about ten minutes before our waitress finally brought them over. She took our appetizer order, then walked away. About 5-10 minutes later, another server came over and started to take our entree order (we assumed this was intentional and gladly gave her our orders). Our original server came over, clearly offended and told the other server we were her table. Then she proceeded to walk away without taking our order. When I was finally able to catch her attention again to ask if our order had been put in (my youngest son had not had a chance to order with the other server), the original server seemed confused that we wanted to order entrees. We gave her our orders again, and she put them in. She brought out our appetizers and only one of them was what we ordered (the flash-fried oysters). They were actually pretty good. When she brought the other correct appetizer (cochon de lait fries), they were ok at best- the meat was a little dry and the fries were a bit overcooked. Another ten to 15 minutes or so after we'd ordered, the waitress came by and informed me that the kitchen was out of what I ordered (the crab BLT). I understand this happens, but I didn't want to hold up everyone else's order by ordering something else. Also, the waitress came across as unapologetic and a bit flippant. It may have been an off night, but her others tables didn't look too pleased either-one woman actually went up to the bar and got her own to-go cup. Definitely would not recommend.Writing this while I'm sitting here. Food was amazing. Service is absolute garbage. The guy was clueless. Took 1 hour for us to even be able to order. An additional hour for the food to come and then it was wrong. We had a party of 12, spending $500 between us. Seriously, go to the worst Hardee's you've ever been to and save your time.Great Beer Selection. I had the Cochon de Lait Fries which were delicious. 
Service was Excellent! I sat @ the bar and both bartenders were attentive & friendly. 
I had a nice conversation with both the manager and one of the bartenders who both made me feel very welcome. 
The staff are on top of everything, the men's bathroom was spotless. The bar area was uncluttered and clean. Even though someone tossed their cookies (wedding party drunkard) on the way to the men's room you never noticed it cause the manager was there to clean it up.Great beer selection! Sierra the bartender is awesome! Not only were her beer recommendations spot on, but her recommendations off the menu were excellent as well. Was disappointed that they were out of shrimp and grits (due to high demand) but the po boy was excellent and chicken wings are the best around! I would definitely recommend and I will be coming back earlier to make sure I get the shrimp and grits next time.The flavor of the food was masked by all the grease. The staff could be friendlier. The beer list was good.My wife and I went there on a Monday night and it took forever for a server to come over and give us menus.  Once we did the service was good and the food was good.  After the initial wait it was a good expirence.Southern breakfast was awesome. Plus very friendly staff! Great place to stop in for a 45 minute breakfast and Bloody Mary! Yum!Great lunch stop before Saint's game. Service was snappy and friendly. We started with spinach and artichoke dip with crab. A fun twist on this appetizer. It was excellent. My husband had the saints burger. He said it was one of best he has had. I had the pork sandwich. A mix all good things pork, bacon, ham and pulled pork. If you are not mustard fan might ask for it without mustard. Well definitely return on next trip.Good beer selection.  Great service.  Decent burger.  Overall, liked the experience.
Specifically, if you are looking for a place to watch the game and enjoy local craft beer, this is the spot.  Delicious Abita espresso stout!Ole Saint is owned by Deuce McAllister and is the same idea as Walk Ons, with a New Orleans twist.
We stopped in here a few weeks ago before a LSU game just to get a few drinks and have some "quarter" time. Walking in, I was immediately impressed with the size of the place- the bar area is huge with a lot of space and there is an entirely different section for the restaurant.
We sat at the bar and I was pleased to see a lot of local beer on tap. I am so glad that bars are starting to embrace craft beer, especially local craft beer, and offer more than just Bud Light and Coors. The beer menu is pretty extensive, but if you are a regular craft beer drinker you aren't going to find anything here that you haven't had before. They also have a full bar, if beer isn't your thing, and the bartenders were fast and attentive.
They have quite a few big screen tvs, which makes Ole Saint the perfect place to watch a game and I like that they put a note on the tvs letting you know which game will be shown next. I didn't have any of the food this time, but I saw a few things coming out of the kitchen that looked really good, so I will have to get dinner when I go back.We were very disappointed with our experience.  The food and drinks were overpriced and the bread for our PoBoys was so stale you wouldn't want to eat it.  Service was very slow and the staff were not friendly at best. With all of the amazing restaurants in New Orleans I wouldn't recommend this one!If you're in the French Quarter, this bar is a must!! Star is the best bartender in the area. This bar has a great mix of local charm with tourist intrigue. The oyster appetizer was delicious.Always friendly service, good food, good drinks, awesome location in the middle of the French Quarter. A little bit of country and steak house in a traditionally New Orleans neighborhood. Have been here several times.I wish that I could give this restaurant a better review because our waitress, Cionne was amazing and more than understanding about our concerns. The management however, was certainly not. We had quite a few problems with our food and charges to our bill, but what left the worst taste in our mouths was how rudely the manager handled the entire situation.Food Poisoning alert!  We had a funny feeling right from the start and should have trusted our intuition.
We started with the Crab and Spinach Dip. My wife and my first bite should have sounded the alarms. The bread served with dip was stale and omg...the dip was horrendous. The crab tasted bad, it was runny and lacked any flavor. We sent it back after one bite. 1st Alarm.
Ordered the fries with pork and cheese next. Lacked any flavor as well and wasn't accompanied with any type of dipping so I asked for Ranch Dressing which helped. 2nd Alarm.
My wife ordered the Gumbo. This was supposed to have chicken and duck but we weren't able to locate any in the bowl...no flavor until she added some Crystal hot sauce. 3rd Alarm
Wait staff was nice enough but looked rushed. Gave us the impression they were trying to tab out and had other plans for the night. 4th Alarm.
Now the kicker, I wake up this morning to find out my wife has been up all night getting sick. Had to be the dip or gumbo...must had been really bad because she only had one bite of the dip and half of gumbo. As I said, we should have left immediately and it's sad that this could possibly ruin our 25th Anniversary weekend and dinner plans at Emerils Delmonico tonight. 5 Alarms!!!!This was the bar connected to our hotel when my buddies and I embarked on an epic bachelor party weekend in NOLA. Great bartender who recommended all of the "non-tourist" restaurants that we should go to (If you're reading this, thanks man. Deanie's was incredible). The drinks were solid too.
HOWEVER, there was this crazy lady sitting at the other end of the bar, yelling at us about being from Atlanta. She was a Saints fan, and Saints fans are known for being kind of stupid, so maybe I should forgive this. BUT I WON'T. By the end of our cocktails, this insane woman was yelling random New Orleans things at us:
"GUMBO. GUMBO. WHO DAT. GUMBO. HAND GRENADES. DREW BREES. GUMBO. CRAWDADS. WHO DAT"...
I know it's NOLA, but kick crazy people out of your establishment, Deuce McAllister!they have 2 for 1 beers for happy hour!!!! definitely the place to go. the rib appetizers were yummy!Wow, talk about a terrible experience that was made a little better by the manager. 
When we arrived at Ole Saint there were probably six or eight people seated, so the place wasn't very crowded at all. We were seated by the hostess at 8:50 and waited for a waiter/waitress to take our order. After about 10 min the hostess showed up at our table to take our order?? Don't know where the wait staff was?? She proceeds to take our drink order and then disappears. We wait about 20 minutes and ask another waiter if he could help us because we are pretty sure our drinks are sitting up at the bar and have been for about 10 minutes. Sure enough, they were our drinks, warm and watered down. By this time it's been 30 minutes and the place is packed full of people. The parade ended and many people are now in here to eat and drink. 
A new waiter now takes our food order and apologizes for the confusion. At around 9:50, everyone around us that was seated after us has eaten and has left or is leaving. So we ask a different waiter if HE could check on our food. Our other waiter shows back up and apologizes about the wait and says he will check on the food. At about 10:15 some of our order shows up and about 10:20 a little more shows up. Finally about 10:25 the rest of our order shows up that includes our appetizers. The food was really good and the second and third waiters were good, but it was a cluster in that place. 
We asked to see the manager and of course he apologized for the wait and the crappy experience and said he would comp our meal and that certain staff members would be fired. If not for the good food and the manager I would have only given this place 1 star or a half star if I could have.Excellent shrimp in the shrimp with grits. Sauce good but real salty. 
Place is convenient to everything in the French QuarterI was a little afraid upon walking in that this place was just going to be another over-priced French Quarter tourist trap with below-average food, but I was pleasantly surprised.  The menu was of decent size and was varied, and I really can't say anything bad about the food.  I had the BLT and soft-shelled crab and it was delicious.  My husband had the Cochon de Lait fries and gobbled them up.
The service was fantastic.  We came late on a Saturday night during Mardi Gras, expecting the servers to be dead-tired and grouchy and experienced quite the opposite.  We sat at the bar and not only was the bartender attentive and speedy, but he was really nice and made great conversation.
Since this is a gastropub, they had a good-sized draft beer selection.We just happened into Ole Saint during the end of our vacation in hopes of catching a couple of games while we grabbed our last meal in New Orleans. 
Our waiter, "Friendly," more then lived up to his name.  He was the perfect balance of attentive without being annoying.  My wife just had the pretzel and sausage appetizer which was delicious.  The had the pressed pork sandwich and hitch was absolutely amazing.  The bread was flakey and delicious and the meat was a generous portion. Speaking of generous portion - the French fries were homemade and some of the best I've had in a while and a huge portion. 
Our kids had all three of the options available and all three were huge portions at a great price.  
Definitely worth a visit - good food, huge portions and a reasonable price, that's a trifecta in my book!Worst service ever! Do not go here. Can't tell you how the food was because one hour after ordering we still didn't have any food. With so many other options in New Orleans avoid this place!Service was a tad slow but it was in the French quarter on a Saturday night so you have to expect that. We just got a bunch of apps but they were great. The wings were perfect and garlicky, the ribs very tender and a lot for $10. The eggs were good but just tasted like deviled eggs; not much of a crab Flavor.Not worth it.  It's cool that they have 50 beers on tap but the food was nothing special at all! Had a shrimp po boy and the bread was hard as a rock. The shrimp was just ok but nothing great - looked like pre-battered and processed, deep fried boredom. Fries were soggy and barely warm.  Server was "phoning it in" and behaved like he had something better to do than serve us.  Will never return.Great little bar/eatery.  Service was slow, but our server was sweet and kind. I had the wings which were better than I expected. Will visit again.Stumbled upon the Ole Saint upon looking for a spot for breakfast with no wait. My husband and I had already checked into a few breakfast spots prior; all with 45+min waits. We kinda thought it silly to stand in line for an hour in the French Quarter for a meal when there are SO MANY places to eat and drink around us. We were a little worried after heading into the Ole Saint, only because we have been a bit disappointed with the food we've found in NOLA thus far. Did we really have to wait an hour to find a decent spot to eat in this city???
NOPE! You don't!
Just head into the Ole Saint. Wonderful service, delicious food, and very polite employees. I've worked in customer service for many years and this place has some of the hardest working employees I have ever witnessed. Everyone was bustling around, sweating, cleaning, conversing, all while maintaining an incredibly pleasant, polite, and professional demeanor. This is exactly the place to go to experience some delicious food and southern hospitality! 
Lots of beers on tap as well!GO HERE ! Oysters, shrimp, wings are all amazing. Great beer selection definitely going to visit againTrash. Went at 10:30 on a Friday and the food was horrible. Server was nice about it.Stopped in for a beer but ended up staying for dinner because it was raining like crazy and we didn't wan to deal with it...  Not necessarily our best decision.  The food quality compared very closely to a Red Robin.  It works when you're hungry, but it won't leave you wanting more.
The beer selection, however, is impressive, especially with their concentration on local brews.  I would have given it a 3-4 just on that, until we ate the food.We went here several times for drinks, dessert or breakfast buffet during our week stay at the attached hotel.  For the most part the food was good.  The breakfast buffet was a good value.  Some servers were friendly and attentive and others never came around after delivering our order.Good breakfast, with very good sausage, buttermilk pancakes, and garlic potatoes. 
For $15, I think the buffet should have a few more or interesting dishes on it, but it was good, ....but not great. 
The buttermilk pancakes are great!  They are light & fluffy, and taste like your grandma made them. They are served with traditional Louisiana Steen's cane syrup & butter. 
The coffee is also just good, not as robust as I like it. 
The staff is friendly and attentive. 
Menu items range $7 - $16We were greeted by our server, Hollywood, who from start to finish provided exceptional service. The gumbo was very good. The shrimp remoulade  was delicious. Great service and food was top notch.This restaurant has long wait times . After they did not have the sandwich I ordered, I changed to a burger. The rest of the table got served , ate and were done and no burger. MAC and cheese is good . That's about it.Came here with my boyfriend while visiting New Orleans, amazing food and great service! We loved our server Star and thank her for being so awesome! She deserves a raise! The food was on point. Try the flash fried oysters. I can swim in the sauce! Come here!Can't give this a real rating because I waited about 20 minutes to be seated even though the place was not very busy. Eventually the hostess came back to sit me and I waited 25 minutes and still no one came over to help and wouldn't give me and my party any attention. 
It's like the place didn't even want my money! 
I won't be back.I did not like this place. The service was extremely slow even though it wasn't busy. My husband had a burger and it was very greasy. I had wings and they were very tough. I ordered the shrimp appetizer and it came with the the outer shell and antenna still on them. I couldn't eat it. Overall it was a waste of $50. The waitress was nice but it was clear that I didn't like anything and she didn't offer anything off the bill. Overall, I wouldn't recommend it.These place was not what I expected. I ordered the gumbo being that this is New Orleans! To my surprise the gumbo tasted very different. It was overflowing with something yet still missing a key ingredient. I was disappointed. I also tried the deviled eggs. They were also okay. I have had better at other places. I don't think this is a place I will be running back to soon.The worst service ever! For starters the hostess had an awful attitude.Our server was really nice but the food was AWFUL!!!Slow service, watered down drinks, okay food. People left because the service was so slow. Do not eat here.Amazing food and great draft beer selection. Enjoyed everything we ate. Recommend the flights of beer to try what they have. Wife says best Brussel Sprouts ever. Roast beef was sloppy like it should be. Can't go wrong with any selection.It's not perfect, but if you're in the Quarter you can do a LOT worse than Ole Saint.  It's a block off Bourbon Street (thankfully!) and the decor is very nice - I'd call it upscale if that's possible for a sports bar.  Drinks are fine and prices are in line with similar places but if you're into beer this may well be your place - there are tons of beer on tap including more Louisiana options than I've seen anywhere.  As for the food, it was surprisingly good on an initial visit and very reasonably priced.  The gumbo was pretty good with just a hint of spice on the back end (but no Crystal on the table), and cochon de lait fries were kind of a New Orleans version of Poutine which was only missing a bit more gravy and a little salt.  The hit of the meal was a 12 ounce bone-in pork chop (cooked perfectly, but if you're averse to any pink in your pork make sure to ask for it well done) along with roasted sweet potatoes and some really good Southern braised greens.  The entire pork chop plate was $16 and it was big enough for 2 meals - pretty much all the portions are fairly large so you're unlikely to go home hungry.
I would absolutely come here again - my main complaints are slow/marginal service (which seems to be pretty common for anyone not sitting at the bar) and the fact that they had a ton of fairly small TV's throughout the place but it would be much better with a few larger ones that are easier to see if you don't happen to be seated within 10 feet.  I won't be a regular because I don't often venture into the Quarter (and during a Saints game there were very few locals) but it will be a nice option for football when I have some friends in town later in the season.  And they take reservations!
I'm pretty sure Deuce McAllister has NOTHING to do with this place other than getting paid for some appearances and to put his name on the place but the owners (who I think run the WOW chain in the suburbs) did a much better job than I thought was possible.  Very nice.A really solid shrimp and grits. Good texture on the grits (which I take very seriously), flavorful, well spiced shrimp and a decently cooked egg on top. Very nice breakfast.Service and food were a thumbs down.  Stopped in to grab a small bite and get off our feet for a few.  We were there far longer than planned due to the service.  Didn't eat much more than a couple bites of either plate we ordered because quite frankly, it was bland and totally uninteresting.  We had an order of wings and a bowl of gumbo like substance.  Ok, to be more accurate it was more of a not so gumbo like substance they called gumbo.Slow service.
Soup tasted like the chef accidentally poured a bottles of thyme or oregano into the pot. The vegetable side was slimy and tasted rotten.
:( so disappointedI went to New Orleans for Jazzfest and was staying at the hotel next door, The Wyndham. We arrived our first night and decided to get something to eat nearby since it was late. We walked over to Ole Saint and noticed it wasn't busy . First mistake. I gave this restaurant two stars because the food wasn't too terrible.. well, it wasn't the worst that I have ever had. We had a waitress named Whitney or Whitley. Not quite sure, I would have been more certain about her name if she had actually looked at us while introducing herself. She stared across the room so much, I wasn't even sure she was talking to us. I wanted a glass of wine so I asked for a wine list. She said they had one. Instead of hunting one down for me, she decided to take it upon herself to tell me what wines they offered. Which is fine but if you can't pronounce the variety of wines, then excuse yourself and get me a list. I just ordered a Cabernet to move things along. I also requested waters for us. She comes back, with no water, and takes our order. I ordered a medium cooked hamburger and my boyfriend ordered wings. She decided to memorize our order, which should have been done easily. Right? No. She came back by our table to ask if I had said "well done" for my hamburger temperature. I corrected her and yet, I got a well done hamburger. Never got the waters we asked for and she never came to check on us. She finally came to our table after we were finished and asked how we enjoyed our food. At this point, I'm done with the terrible service, I didn't even reply and simply asked for our check. We hand her a credit card to run and she comes back over to literally toss the check presenter on the table with no pen to write with. No manners and no apologies. My boyfriend had to go wander off to another table to get a pen from another check presenter left on a table. As being a waitress myself and knowing tips are what we live off of is her only saving grace she had with us tipping her. Wasn't a good tip but there was still one. I would not return to eat here on our next trip. Someone needs to retrain her before she takes another table.Nice place to watch the game, grab a beer and have a bite to eat. 
I highly recommend the Cochon de Lait - although I did feel the need to eat a salad afterwards LOL Their beer selection is fantastic and they have several ciders on the menu as well. 
Mike is an excellent bartender and will take great car of you!The lone bartender Morgan was slammed at first and so service was sketchy but she worked really hard and when things got down to normal was very attentive.  The shrimp remoulade was fantastic and my wife really enjoyed the boiled shrimp starter. The roast beef Po-boy was awful.  Don't order it. Good beer selection and a sports bar environment.Great craft beer selection.  Didnt eat anything but the happy hour specials with the several dozen craft beers made it worth the trip.Nice and quiet. Well lit. Friendly. $1 oyster shooters until 7 pm. Good too. Better than some of the more well known places.This was one of my most disappointing visits to a beer bar in the last few months. I went there because they advertised it in "Where y'At"-Magazine as "voted best beer selection" and "54 craft beers on tap". We came there on a Wednesday evening at about 10:15 pm - a time when a craft beer bar should be very busy. Well: This one was not - and for a reason: It turned out that the selection was focussed on regional breweries - and not necessarily on their most characterful beers. Okay, there is a point in drinking local. But then you would have to feature really interesting beers.
The price tag is rather high - maybe the higher the bitterness the more expensive.
But the worst experience was the service. Even as the bar had only a handful of customers at 10:20 pm we had to wait for more than five minutes to be offered a beer list. 
The beers we chose were okay, the service was not: Once we had our beer other guests arrived (they had Budweiser from the bottle) - but this did not stop the bartender from starting her cleaning work. She used unpleasantly smelling detergents while other barstaff had a meal in the adjoining room. Then everyone seemed to decide that it was time to discourage all guests - they started to put the chairs on the unoccupied tables well before 11 pm. 
So we decided to leave - no one waved us goodbye or said something like "hope to see you again". They will not be seeing me again anyhow.I'm visiting New Orleans for a conference and a few of us just looked around our hotel area (Marriott Canal St.) to find a place to grab lunch. We walked into Ole Saint not realizing it was a football bar and the Saints were playing. It was packed! Nevertheless, we were greeted by a very friendly and dedicated hostess who assured us she would find us a great table. Once seated after only about 5 minutes, we chatted for a few more minutes before our server, Evelyn, greeted us and made us feel welcome. The food was outstanding and came out reasonably quickly. I tried the wings, which might just be the best wings I have ever had, and a side of Mac and Cheese, which was also quite delicious. It was also a nice surprise to watch my hometown team, the Cleveland Browns, on one of the many televisions around the room.The Best food I have ever tasted! The worst service I have ever had, it was embarrassing Manager JJ DIDNT CARE ABOUT OUR RECOMMENDATIONS ON SERVICE, proceeded to give the same service! Sad story.... Don't recommend going here unless it's the only thing open!Nice Sportsbar with lots of space, ample TVs and sound. Too many of the bars in the Quarter won't give you the sound for games. This place has quality food. - Not your typical bar food. Large bar seating so if you are traveling alone there is a comfortable place to hangout with others.I really liked this place. The fried oyster crostini was awesome. I didn't know it was Deuce Mcallister's place until after which was cool. The beer selection is great too.My son and I came upon this restaurant after we were unable to get reservations until late in the evening at another one.  I was so pleased by everything they had to offer.  The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly, staff were kind and competent, and the food was authentic and delicious.  The crab and spinach casserole as a starter was good enough not to want to share and the short ribs with a sweet potato purée was prepared beautifully.There are so many good restaurants in New Orleans, you could retire here as a Yelper...
I come here often and vacillate between hitting up the places I know versus trying someplace new.  Luckily tonight I decided to see what is "hot and new" on the Yelp iPhone app (why doesn't this exist in the web version?!?)...
One street off Bourbon is the swankier Royal Street.  There are lot of good shops and the famed Hotel Monteleone, and right across the street is this new restaurant.  There is a good amount of seating that you can watch the passers-by - the windows/doors were open while we were there.  Mind you, there is not the craziness happening on Royal like there is on Boubon Street, but this is the Big Easy - every one seems to "live a little" while they are downtown.
We sat at the big U-shaped bar, which was staffed by two friendly bartenders.  The bar was fully stocked with a variety of liquors, but we decided to go with a couple of their draft beers/ciders from the wall o' taps at the end of the bar.
I had the flash fried oysters with horseradish sauce.  They were served over a bed of pickled relish - this was a great combination.  There were lots of choices on the menu I wished I had tried - I was dying for a burger after I saw the reviews here.  Sadly, I didn't make it back on this trip, but I shall definitely return.Killer gumbo--smoky, spicy, wonderful.  Great 'beer wall' and friendly service.  I've been here twice two years apart (I'm not from NO) and the food, service, and beer were great both times.Disappointed.  Went on Saturday around 11pm. Was sat at a table but then no one came to take our order. We waited about 15-20 min. Still no one. So we walked out.  There were plenty of waiters but we seemed to be over looked. Gave our business to another place.Booze is good. Food is fantastic. And the staff are super fun and personable. Clean, welcoming, sports bar with high quality bar food.Randomly found by a recommendation from another bar's bartender, this place was quite the find. Hollywood, the waiter from New York, brought a charm and professional yet casual demeanor to our experience... in other words, we had a great time killing time. Plenty of beer on tap and the gumbo is a hell of a pick me up snack, while taking care of that empty stomach so more beer can be enjoyed.
Stop by this place... seriously, you won't be let down.I have to say I'm surprised by the lower star ratings. We came here twice during our vacation for drinks. The happy hour deal is a steal (2 for 1) and the bartender was very friendly and gave us some recommendations for restaurants. Our second time was to watch the Ryder Cup and they seated us right in front of the TV broadcasting the golf so we could not complain. Their prices are a bit high normally but expected. We only had one appetizer which was good, but not great.The food was just plain bad, the gumbo was the worst I had of 10 different restaurants in the area.  Also, what you order isn't quite what they serve you. In addition, I ordered the Cobb salad with 1/2 crab meat and 1/2 bbq shrimp; the bacon was way over salted and the shrimp was frozen. However, not everything here is bad, the beer is great and a plentiful selection. My recommendation is avoid this place unless you just want to have a beer and watch the game.Went during Mardi Gras season...the shrimp and grits were AMAZING!!!! And the service was nothing short of excellence. I will be returning during my next trip to the Big Easy, no doubt!My husband walked in for a cocktail only and sat at the bar. We immediately noticed it Smelled like dirty dish water. Order a miller light and a vodka soda. I asked for a lime and the bartender squirted lime juice in my drink. Not what I asked for! He put too much in and ruined my drink. Then he over charged us for the beer - he rang up a different kind. When I pointed it out he seemed put out and never apologized.Wonderful little gem in the Quarter. We had Cochon de lait French Fries are the bomb!Great food! Good location - just off of bourbon street in the French quarter. The service was fast and friendly. 
We started with the BBQ pork fries - which are a must. Basically nachos but with fries and not chips. Pretty genius. 
I got the Louisiana chopped salad with shrimp and was throughly pleased.
Number one part of this restaurant? Biggest local beer selection in town. Tried the NOLA blonde ale and it was delicious!Our waiter was extremely slow and unorganized. It took forever to get our drinks and food. If it weren't for the amazing appetizers, this review would have been 1 star. On top of all that, our main meals came out cold.huge beer selection, small rather pricey menu, usual NOLA standbys. Service is unbelievably slow. and i Mean really slow. easily 15 min for cheese fries, soup, yes soup, was even slower. waiters are rather rude too. wont be returningI only drank here & only gave it 5 stars because the Blue Moon rep bought us multiple peach beers that he was promoting. I have no idea what the food was like. Atmosphere is nothing special. But, with 3 free beers in NOLA, you've got to be happy. We are going elsewhere for dinner. Location is awesome & where we're staying.We were looking for something casual for Christmas Eve and after looking over the Ole Saint's menu we knew we had found our spot.  It has a something for everyone, including a great beer list!  it was kind of dead when we got there but as the night went on it got more and more busy, and by the time we left it was hoping pretty good.
The table split a few apps to get us started, settling on the Cochon de Lait Fries, Garlic Crusted Chicken Wings, and Louisiana Crab and Spinach Casserole.  They were all very good but my favorite had to be the fries.  First, they know how to make fries, you have to fry them twice to get the perfect crunch.  It sounds easy but most places that cut their own fries have a soggy end product.  OK, so take the perfect fries and then cover them with pulled pork and white cheddar cheese.  OMG, it was insanely great!  Kind of a Louisiana style poutine.  Next time I'd probably just get one of these for my meal, and not share any of it!
I had their version of a Cuban sandwich - Chisesi ham, applewood smoked bacon, house pulled pork, swiss cheese, on Leidenheimer's multigrain bread.  It was one of the best sandwiches I've had in quite some time.  It also comes with those great fries.  
Two people in my family got shrimp po boys, another the chicken pot pie (they were out of rabbit), and the other a soup/salad combo.  Everyone was very happy with both their food and the dining spot.  The service was great and everyone that worked there was super nice, which says a lot for people that have to work on Christmas Eve.  
If you find yourself in the French Quarter looking for a spot to sit down and enjoy some great food and drink then Ole Saint is just the spot!Awful service! The waitresses gave customers dirty looks behind their backs and would talk about customers right in front of them.One of the dishes that I all have truly missed from New Orleans is the Roast Beef PoBoy! This restaurant nailed it!.....brought make memories of growing up here. My husband had the Shrimp PoBoy and that too was great. The staff was very friendly and the food was amazing! This is my first time eating here and I will definitely recommend it!We popped in for breakfast since we stayed at the hotel next door. The breakfast featured an OVERPRICED menu of less than desirable menu items and the buffet was lackluster at best. The scrambled eggs were wet and runny (GROSS), the sausage over cooked but the bacon was good (hard to mess up bacon!) the French toast was ok but nothing to write home about. Overall very disappointed for the price. 
The service was great to bad their food wasn't.Went on a Saturday night for dinner and drinks with a group of 10. It took waaaaay too long to get a drink...20 minutes for 1 round??? The crab and spinach dip lacked a lot of flavor. And, though it's great to see evidence of real crab meat, there were several shell pieces in the dip which made it painful to eat. The grilled chicken cobb salad was good, except the chicken was very salty...couldn't eat that. Someone at the table mentioned the gumbo was very salty, too...almost inedible. Plus, i called earlier in the day to ask about parking, and the guy said if i parked in the lot for the hotel next door that they would validate it. Nope, i got played. He was wrong. I do not think i'll be returning.Not a fan drinks and food took forever never saw waitress.  Horrid service great food horrible service!!!!!!!!!!Udemærket sportsbar med masser af forskellige øl. Burgeren var god, men sandsynligvis ikke New Orleans bedste.Ole Saint just opened in past week and they are off to a great start! Nestled in the crux of the Wyndham hotel on Royal St. where the Checkered Parrot used to be, this is a unique gastropub that fills in a niche in our multilayered culinary landscape.
One of the first things you notice is the barge-like bar that extends into the main dining area which is caboosed by a wall of draft beer taps. The emphasis is clearly on local and regional craft beers from LA31 and Lazy Magnolia to the much entrenched Abita flagships. I especially like the Abita Grapefruit Harvest IPA. A perfect bright craft mix for those that like a little citrus twist.
The decor is thankfully mixed with eclectic artwork and faux stone painted walls instead of an overly done sports memorabilia showcase as one might surmise given their namesake. The tandem wall of flatscreens above the bar matched with the other smaller flat screens throughout the dining space and the overhead bar lighting rails are tasteful and functional giving out a strong but subtle sports arena vibe.
And then, the food.
I've eaten here twice already and the food was both familiar and creative. At first glance the menu seems a bit average - a burger, fries, some meat pies, spinach dip, oysters, a pot pie, salads, ribs... However, it's what Chef Tees does with these staples that sets Ole Saint apart. I was pleasantly satisfied with every single dish I've tried and since I eat out often, that's not an easy thing for my palate to achieve. Here's the breakdown on what I ate:
Pecan wood smoked ribs - rich Kansas city-style sauce, with a chicory bend - they're smoked on site. Meaty. Not over-smoked. Great starter.
Cochon de Lait fries - You had me at the pig. Soft, subtle pulled pork in just the right amount of au jus and melted white cheddar. Yup.
Flash fried LA oysters - Horseradish is one of my favorite condiments and hardly ever do I see it make a menu. It's here. And it's a well-done addition to the crispy plump oysters. They're served on top of a bed of green tomato chow-chow that's got ginger hidden in it... Simply brilliant. Classic meets updated.
Louisiana Oyster stew - Rich deep cream based soup with beautiful local oysters. Is there really anything else left to say?
Onion Crusted Chicken Wedge salad - the chicken is hard-crusted with an onion infused breading in the panko style of fried foods. The salad itself was crisp and fresh and the blue cheese dressing made perfectly. Yum.
Ole Saint burger - I don't normally order burgers because, to be honest, they rarely if ever meet the hype. Well, the Ole Saint burger is so good, I'll actually drive into town just to have another one. It is absolutely in my top 5 all time burgers list.  What makes it so scrumptious is the creative balance of flavors that congregate with an interesting marriage of meats - the patty is made of ground chuck, short ribs and brisket! WHAT!? Yes, you heard me. A triple play! 
Place that in between a brioche bun with smoked applewood bacon, swiss cheese, crisp oyster mushrooms and red onion and you have a taste bud festival that even your mother would recommend.
Lastly, the desserts. Before I comment here, let's just say that I don't really like desserts much since they are normally way too sweet and jacked up, but man, the strawberry shortcake dish here? A warm crusted southern biscuit with not-too-sweet homemade whipped cream, ice cream and freshly cut strawberries? Mmmmhmmm. 
We also had the bread pudding which, while sweeter than the shortcake choice, was just how I remember my grandmother's to be. Old school texture and flavor in a modern bowl.
Chef Tees has proven that his culinary experience and resume has gone to good use. A definite feather in the Crescent city's dining cap.
The service here was also great and I was, quite frankly shocked by that since new places tend to be a bit of a whirlpool until the server vortex settles and the management reins in new personnel from the weeds. Yet, both of my servers here were very good. Timely. Friendly. Polite and non-invasive. 
Ole Saint is definitely a place to put on your foodie list and if they keep this up, you'll be hearing more about them in the future.First, this is an affordable and nice restaurant in the quarter just off canal by the Monteleone Hotel.  Killer selection of beers on tap.  Wonderful service with lots of good suggestions.  Appetizers - fried eggplant sticks were awesome and the Cochon de Lait fries were gobbled up by my finicky kids.  Dinner - shrimp an grits were a hit and fried shrimp po boy was nicely seasoned.  Entrees were nicely priced starting at $14, which was very reasonable for sit-down in Quarter.  I would go there again.I was a little disappointed in this place. Due to circumstances we had to have a late night dinner. We arrive about 9:40 and the host asked if we wanted to sit in the dining room. We definitely did as we weren't in the mood for the bar crowd. It was late and just need food and to get back to our hotel. A different host walks in and gets out party info then proceeds to seat us in the bar. I told her we didn't want to and she replied "the other part is closed." Why was it an option then?!
Our server was nice. Our food came out pretty quickly and they even bought out an entree we didn't order. My husbands order got mixed up and it took them a while to rectify it. Being that my experience started out sour the little things just made me more irritated. 
I kind of didn't care for my food. I ordered the Crab Madison BLT which is described as : Louisiana crab salad, applewood smoked bacon, local tomatoes, green leaf lettuce, Leidenheimer's multigrain bread. 
The crab salad was mostly, no all mayo. No one else had any major complaints. All in all I likely won't be back.Not a huge fan, especially compared to all the other great restaurants  in this area. The only positive was that it wasn't a very long wait compared to the rest. We were starving and just wanted something quick. It also wasn't crowded inside which was nice. They have great beer on tap but be prepared to spend $10 bucks on a beer (yikes). We were disappointed when our  food came out...I couldn't believe that they called this a hamburger (Ole Saint Craft Burger) It was super plain and boring, no flavor. Just a patty & cheese on top of a bun. When I asked for mustard or ranch they didn't have either! We also ordered the fried catfish which was just ok. Very small plate and the beans were hard (not cooked all the way). Definitely not worth spending  $90 dollars just for a dinner and 2 beers. Save your money and go somewhere betterA local talking: So happy we stopped in here for dinner! A great place for a good quick eat and some drinks. Not a tourist trap! Great selection of beers on tap and a really nice food menu. I ordered the crab BLT, which was delicious! I also subbed the fries for some Brussels sprouts, which was a great choice. For dessert, they brought this airy, whipped key lime pie with strawberries and flaky crust, pile of heaven! Also, Evelyn and Jamie really made sure we had a great experience. Will return!Had dinner, ordered sausage tray, crab deviled eggs, & shrimp cocktail 
All those were good
We ordered shrimp po boy, roast beef po boy & shrimp & grits. 
My shrimp po boy was completely dry, no sauce, no pickles, just shrimp & lettuce & the shrimp on the shrimp & grits was good but the grits & rue had no flavor. No seasoning at all. 
The waitress was very attentive & polite. I did tell her about the po boy & she apologized 
Good spot & open areaGiven that this location is attached to the hotel, you would think it would be an automatic recipe for success. Not so. Why? SERVICE! I sat at the bar. When the staff was there (most the time she was in the back), she was short on her pours (wine) and pleasantries. She was better by the end, but geez. With all the locations to get a glass of wine in NOLA, why not staff with folks who want to help you extend, not hamper your business? I should have read the reviews first and walked down the street for my nightcap.Great beer selection. The ribs are crispy on the outside and tender in the middle: perfect. Onion crusted chicken wedge is very good. Smoked duck and sausage gumbo- meh. 11 tv's for sports. Overall, I'd come back.Chris was a wonderful bartender. ..very attentive and diligent in making sure everyone was satisfied.  This establishment is lucky to have him.We did not eat here, but enjoyed happy hour as it was attached to our hotel.  Great 2 for 1 draft beer specials with huge selection of beers.  Employees did not seem all that happy to be there and were not overly fast with service but for the price and selection, we were happy.Let me preface this review with: Ole saint. Gets four stars because it delivers on pub style food and a pub environment as represented. 
We stopped in quick for lunch and sat at the bar. The bartender, Sienna,  was extremely helpful and had a great personality. I started off with the pickled fried Green bean fries... My new favorite fried food! I didn't think anything could surpass fried pickles but these did it for me. The perfect combination of crunchy, tangy and salty, but unlike fried pickles they held the breading well. 
For my entrée I had a grilled cheese on Texas toast and jalapeno creamy grits. Both were executed nearly perfectly.... you know for what they are. My only complaint is I would've liked the grits to be more spicy. 
I would certainly return, even if it was only for the pickle fried green beans... Mmmm!Good food and waiter service but bar service is a little slow. My group ordered quite a few things from the bar and ended up having to take them to go because the bartender was a little slow with getting everything ready. Oysters were good and wings were ok. Our waiter was very informed about the menu and was very courteous to our group. Restaurant is actually REALLY big for its location. Great for parties or hosting large groups.Ate here while staying at its host, The Wyndham New Orleans French Quarter.  Worst restaurant experience I've had in years and I've just visited Africa and India.  Worst hotel food I've experienced in 26 years of professional travel.  Motel 6 has got to have better food.  And I hate to disparage Motel 6.
We both wanted to order the Louisiana Shrimp and Grits but we sat next to someone who was just finishing that and didn't recommend.  It didn't look appetizing and had no color contrast.  Poor indicator right off.
Everything tasted / looked the same and it wasn't for lack of trying.  Ordered Shrimp Remoulade Tower (fried green tomatoes with fried shrimp), Saint Salad (an iceberg wedge), and Louisiana Seafood (shrimp) Po Boy.  
Saint Salad - lettuce was not ripened enough; too white.  Blue cheese very average grade. Drowning it in dressing didn't disguise its woes.  
Shrimp Remoulade Tower was bland - As a resident of the deep south, I've sampled plenty of fried green tomatoes but none on this scale of bad.  Way too much breading on both the fried green tomatoes and the shrimp.  Food flavor lost somewhere within.   The remoulade was tasty but not enough to overcompensate for a poor main attraction. (note to menu editor - its "sriracha" not "siracha") 
Louisiana Seafood Po Boy w Shrimp - Plenty of cheap, white bread with yellow toppings and lettuce/tomatoes too short of ripe.  
Two pluses - #1 - Service was great even though they were busy.  Attentive and intentional.  #2 - Although we were both hungry, neither of us finished our meal.  Gave our leftovers to a homeless guy around the corner so at least they went to a good cause.
If management reads, please understand there was no point to complain.  Every table around us was experiencing the same so clearly, this was the product you intended to offer.Great place. Great bartender that knows customer service. Just want to hang out and enjoy the atmosphere.Great sports bar - good beer selection, friendly bartenders, plenty of TV coverage... and brussel sprouts (bacon) to die forGood food. horrible service. 
The hostess with the mostest (believe her name is Sammy) was in a word "awful."
Anymore would be cruel. 
A day later I received fraudulent charges from my bank. 
Coincidence? I think think not.The food is just alright BUT the staff and service was great!
It was attached to the hotel we were staying at so it was convenient to go toRestaurant and bar close to Canal on Royal owned by a former Saint.  Has both a Quarter feel (wide open windows and doors facing the street) and a sports bar feel (lots of tvs and draft beer).  The bar is in the middle of the room and offers an inviting place to watch the game.  The staff is welcoming and energetic and the drink specials are good.  They offer bar food with a New Orleans twist - head on bbq shrimp alongside wings and fries.  Steak and potatoes are on the menu along with rabbit pot pie.  Nifty place to hang out with friends, grab sustenance and libation and watch whatever competition happens to be occurring.Hate to give it 3 stars but not the best place for food. It's a good sports bar with a ton of beer options. I could have just ordered the wrong thing. I got a pulled pork sandwich and it was mostly fat with no meat. The fries were good. Everyone else was happy with their meal but not the best in New Orleans.
Go here for drinks or happy hour. We didn't have to wait for a table of 5 which was nice but the service was not good. We have to flag down our waitress multiple times for water, ketchup, and the check. 
They do have a lot of beer on tap, more than I've seen anywhere else so go for the beer not the good.I went on New Year's Day and I understand not a lot of people want to work the day after New Year's Eve, especially in New Orleans. However, as a person who as worked in a restaurant their whole life, it is a cardinal sin of management to understaff, especially on a massive holiday such as New Year's Day and when the Sugar Bowl game is in town. I sat for 30 minutes with no drinks or greetings, staff was rude, and food was cold. Over 2 hours with no food.Enjoyed this place. It was bayou classic weekend and we didn't want to go far and this restaurant was attached to our hotel. We ordered the ribs, mac n cheese with roast beef debris, devil eggs and gumbo. The coleslaw that came with the ribs was exceptional. I know coleslaw is a small and probably goes unnoticed most of the time but this coleslaw is worth the mention. I actually tried it because I smelled vinegar and decided to taste it and it was so good. I never eat coleslaw so for me this was a big deal. My husband who always eats coleslaw even said this above average. My son gave the ribs a "thumbs up" the mac n cheese was okay and the devil eggs were good. My husband said he didn't care for the gumbo, I didn't taste so I don't know. Our server "Alyssa" ( I think I spelled that right) was really nice. It wasn't busy at all and was pretty clean.Let me preface this review with: Ole saint. Gets four stars because it delivers on pub style food and a pub environment as represented. 
We stopped in quick for lunch and sat at the bar. The bartender, Sienna,  was extremely helpful and had a great personality. I started off with the pickled fried Green bean fries... My new favorite fried food! I didn't think anything could surpass fried pickles but these did it for me. The perfect combination of crunchy, tangy and salty, but unlike fried pickles they held the breading well. 
For my entrée I had a grilled cheese on Texas toast and jalapeno creamy grits. Both were executed nearly perfectly.... you know for what they are. My only complaint is I would've liked the grits to be more spicy. 
I would certainly return, even if it was only for the pickle fried green beans... Mmmm!We came here twice on our vacation. Loved the sassy bartender on our first trip here who aptly recommended some amazing brews for my husband. Adored Bruce on our second trip; he is so attentive, kind, hardworking, and sweet. We recommend the fries with pulled pork as an appetizer. The sassy bartender made me a strawberry/blueberry beer blend that was to die for. And my husband loved the Houston lager named "Lawnmower"... If you like blonde, Stella Artois-type beers, this is a winner. The fried oysters were delicious. Be prepared for a heavy sauce though. We especially loved how law enforcement officers are treated in this establishment. Great job guys, we will come back here for sure if we hit NOLA again.The service was not good. Condiments were never brought to the table. Food was not good, not authentic southern food. Many other good places in New Orleans to eat at.We LOVED the Cochon de Lait fries, and my Cajun Cuban sandwich was awesome. My friends had the seafood Cobb salad and shrimp/Tasso pasta, and they both thought their food was great too. The service was a little slow, but I think they're just finding their stride.Waiter Stone? Awesome! Food? Mediocre... Hostess ? Tonya... Awesome! Soup of the day? Ran outJust went there, not too crowded, got seated and sat there for over 10 minutes as no one came by to even say hi. Of course several workers walked by, she even asked the people sitting next to us if they needed anything,  horrible service. I should have read the many reviews of customers being ignored, and don't believe the managers comments that this is not the norm, IT IS THE NORM.I was walking around New Orleans on a late Monday night and stumbled upon this place. I wasn't hungry just craving some good drinks. It was a bit busy but we were seated quickly and the waitress was friendly. 
 Dishes tried: 
Four cheese Mac - Average and lukewarm
Gumbo- I will never love gumbo no matter who makes it but my boyfriend said it was decent
Pulled Pork Sliders- Pretty darn tasty ..hit the spot
Now this was the sad part....the drinks were terrible. Ordered a margarita and bloody mary....tasted really funky ... such a weird aftertaste. 
Lots of men there...some t.v. s for sports fans....if ur single it's a good spot to drink beer and get a date.Great bartenders. Didn't come here for food, just to watch the Draft and some games, but it was a nice time.Amazing local craft beer selection on draft.  Southern beers are a specialty.  Definitely visit for the 3 pm happy hour.  It's a BOGO.  Drink 1 beer there then take the other beer as a "Roadie" as you walk to  your next stop.Stumbled upon this eatery after visiting the aquarium. Great food, great beer selection, and very friendly staff. It was mid afternoon when we ate. Not sure how evening service.Oh my... Walked in and basically walked out. Wow. What a hole in the wall. From the outside you can't tell but go ahead and sit down. Take a look at their "menu". It's just stained paper. At least that had paper because the restrooms didn't. The hostess Brandi is the opposite of friendly. All around bad experience. Just find any other bar or restaurant and you will do better than this. I never post this bad of a review about anything.Ended up here after a long travel day and hungry for some southern comfort food. Wasn't sure about it and didn't have time to look up reviews, but I'm so glad I dropped in!
The beer list is both local and extensive. It was happy hour meaning buy one get one free beers. I typically only have one with dinner, but at the end of the meal, the server advised me of the allowed open containers on the streets and sent me merrily on my way with a beer in a plastic cup (no glass on the street). 
The server was helpful with the beers, asking if I would like to try any of the beers before ordering. I picked two and she brought out those and a third based on the flavor profile of what I chose. 
I ended up picking the one she brought and not the one I picked :)
After weighing a choice between rabbit pot pie and pork chop, I chose the pork chop and was not disappointed. 
The pork was well seasoned and the presentation was surprising! I expected pub fare with pub presentation. Nope!
The pork was served with greens that weren't overly bitter or greasy. Just downright good (maybe the best part of the meal!)
The sweet potatoes were undercooked and might have needed a touch of salt. 
Service was VERY good. I didn't interact with whatever manager people seem to be calling out. My server was very nice, friendly, and knowledgable about both the beers and the food. 
With so many good restaurants to try, I likely won't be back there this trip. However, it is a very good choice for those not wanting to do the full white tablecloth experience but still have a good meal.My husband and I stumbled across this place looking for dinner on a Sunday night. I had the gumbo which was delicious as was my husband's oyster po boy. We also split the brussells sprouts which are wonderfully flavored with pork. 
All and all a very tasty low key dinner on the edge of the French Quarter with lovely service.Friendly staff, always good energy, generous pours and super tasty eats. My personal (unique favs) pressed pork /Cuban style sandwich (ask for a side of their ranch and dip it) along with their debris fries (garlic herb fries topped with pulled pork and cheese!)My first time here in NOLA and wandered into the bar to escape bourbon street. The bartender Chris was so friendly and helped walk me through the tons of beers on tap. Chris took the time to write a list of a few places in the city to visit and where to get his favorite food. I came back 2 more times during my weekend and I absolutely love it! Clean ambiance, great bartenders, and incredible pork chop! I also ordered the baby back ribs appetizer and the mac and cheese with roast beef as per his recommendation. Sad to say my weekend here is coming to an end but this will be my first stop next time im back!I ordered two appetizers, the cochon de lait fries ($9; fries topped with pulled pork and cheese) and the hickory smoked baby back ribs ($10).  I was not impressed with the fries; they were soft and very greasy, as though the fryer oil wasn't hot enough.  The pulled pork was fine, but I've had better at hole-in-the wall BBQ joints.  The ribs, however, were really good -- very tender with great smoked flavor and tasty BBQ sauce.  The ribs were served with a side of cole slaw that tasted very fresh but was a bit dry for me.  The portions were generous for the price, and I'd definitely go back for the ribs.  I went on a Tuesday evening and the place was practically empty.Had pulled pork fries. Was terrible. Came here to watch March madness....great place to watch. But the food wasn't appealing.Heading to the Crown Plaza to get ready for a night on the town.   The open air feel of the Ole Saint drew us in.   The 50 craft beers,  and amazing food,  will keep us coming back.   Pressed pork sandwich, crab and spinich dip and the gumbo.   Omg.  So glad we found this gem.   Our waiter Hollywood, made our dining experience 5 ...Perfect place to stop so we could grab lunch and watch our Sunday football games. The beer choices were outstanding and our server was very knowledgeable about the selections. We were very happy with his recommendations, a porter and a stout. The food was good too. I highly recommend the Crab Salad Sandwich.We were passing by and hungry for dinner.  The 50 beers on tap was definitely a crowd-pleaser.  NOLA is not so much of a craft brew town, so we were naturally drawn here.  We walked in and reviewed the very limited menu. We inquired with the hostess if there were options for substitutions due to the dietary limitations in our party (moi).  I have respect for the menu and the establishment, and know that some establishments frown on substitutions and special requests. They assured us that they would accommodate our special dietary requests.   Our waiter was very nice.  It was almost like he wasn't used to veering off the norm or didn't understand why we were modifying his normal menu.  I ordered the BBQ shrimp.  I asked if it were like grilled shrimp. He said yes.  My husband ordered the Seafood Cobb salad with no egg and dressing on the side.  The waiter comes by a little later and drops a bib and lemon and a washcloth for my shrimp. In my head, I'm thinking I'm getting cleaned, broiled shrimp.  Oh, no. I ordered messy peel and eat (not so cleaned) shrimp.  I tell the waiter that I thought I ordered like skewers (based on my conversation with him). No.  I advise him that I do not want them.  I could see the anger in his face.  He walks away, doesn't offer me a menu for another option and cancels the order.  So now for dinner, I have only the side of french fries I ordered coming.  The meals come for the table of four, and they screwed up the salad with no dressing.  They gave us the dressing on the side--AND on the salad.  Our sides of fries make it to the table, covered in cheese. Cheese?  We ordered a side of french fries.  I'm terrified to tell the waiter anything because I think he may be ready to snap.  We sent the salad back.  We told him the fries are not what we ordered.  We asked for fries with no cheese.  What an absolutely awful experience.  He would talk to us and rush off to try and fix what was wrong. There was NO engagement or real discussion.  We got our check, and he overcharged us for a salad we didn't order.  I thought he was going to lose it when we asked him to adjust the bill.  An hour and a half later, we leave. Hungry and disappointed.  I hope others have a better experience than we did.The food was marginal. Service was awful! They overcharged my credit card and it took many calls and many minutes waiting on hold to dispute it. I've yet to see my money or receive a return phone call. There's a reason you don't have to wait to eat there, no one wants to go.Was here with a friend for food and drinks. The have a wide selection of drinks, and the food was good and service was fast and friendly! I had the Grilled Ribeye Steak, and the BBQ Pork Sliders, and they were delicious! Plenty of seats at the bar and tables!Appetizer was incredible!  Scott and Chris were truly helpful suggesting restaurants and bars in the area. Love this place and the ambience. 
Fantastic local beers on tap as well. Great service even though the place was packed!!!!Came here to watch football on Sunday.  Server was really nice but food was underwhelming.  And we had to swap a dirty glass and dirty silverware.  Step your dishwashing game up.Great sports bar in the French quarter! They put the Astros on for us Houstonians! The bartender, Kris, was super friendly, fun and attentive. We will be hitting up this sports bar gem next time we are in Nola!Food is delicious. I ordered Caesar salad along with Shrimp and Grits! I will be returning again soon. Our waitress was awesome.Nice space. Got there an hour before the first NFL games started on opening NFL Sunday. The guy who appeared to be in charge was running around like a chicken with his head cut off. Overheard him say to a server, "things are great except the place is filled with dumb-ass customers." The place was 1/4 full at the time and his stress was uncalled for and likely made his staff more stressed. The dude shouldn't be leading people.
Drinks and service were solid. Food was above average for a sports bar. $20 for a tiny "entree" portion of shrimp grits was embarrassingly inadequate. I asked the server if the serving size was correct...thinking maybe I had received an appetizer size...she shrugged her shoulders, basically telling me to shut up.
Better options abound. I'll choose another place the next time.I like this place compare to where we were this morning.  The service is excellent and the food were awesome.  Living from Cali thought grits is only for breakfast but guess not.  I had a Louisiana shrimp and grits and let me tell you it was so good that I ate all of them.  My hubby order shrimp Po boy and same thing it was an excellent Po boy.  We also had BbQ shrimp and they gave a big shrimp.  Good place and I'm sure would like to come back here again.  Our waiter gave us an excellent serviceThe pretzel board was so worth it!  We had the burger and the shrimp 'n grits...everythung was delicious.  Our server, Shonda, was very upbeat and attentive.  She had no problems getting us some extra beer cheese sauce or multiple drink refills.  Seating is limited, but worth the wait.Great food wonderful staff enjoyed my visit I will totally come back. The short rib was so good but I ordered shrimp and grits regretting not getting the short rib lol.if I could give zero stars I would this was EASILY the worst restaurant experience I have ever had. the food was SHIT: chicken was raw, beef was raw, and the cheese sauce was nast. it actually took 3 hours to get our appetizers and I cannot tell you if I have ever been this angry in my life
thought y'all should know
shoulda gone to mcdonaldsI came here for a work meeting with ESPN Radio, which was hosting its daily show during the afternoon. I had a Louisiana Crab and Spinach dip appetizer that was really good and very cheesy. There were five of us who ordered food and it took longer than normal, but our group was satisfied with their food. The Ole Saint has a good-sized bar and a sports bar feel, and it's a place I would consider popping into for a beer or quick bite sometime in the future.Nice place, good food, and very nice wait staff!  Not a lot of vegetarian choices, but Mac and Cheese and veggie of the day were both outstanding!-Not so great service tonight
-Excellent beer selection
-Reasonably priced menu
-Food was delicious and NOLA inspired
-Great casual atmosphere 
-Wouldn't recommend or not recommendSAVE YOUR MONEY! GO TO SUBWAY, NEXT DOOR!
We are guests here at the Wyndham and decided to order take out from the restaurant down below. "Worst mistake ever!"
I order the "Po-boy half and half" ; which was so disappointing. They think that because it's a "To-go" order they can throw all your fries on top of your sandwich in a white box and call it done!? The sand which completely fell apart after I was digging for it through all these stale fries! Gross! The only side that sounded appetizing was their "Mac-n-cheese"; "Boy I sure was wrong. The Mac-n-cheese was not all melted; making it "all" gross! 
This Restaurant sure takes "hotel" food; down a whole ten notches for me! I want everyone to know once you go inside this empty restaurant...you'll see why. The food is gross!Great service. Hollywood was our waiter and was awesome. Great food, deviled eggs, shrimp remoulade, and wings were bomb.I'll admit it; I'm a HUGE Deuce McAllister fan, so that may have brought me in, but the great service and huge beer selection will bring me back. Our server, Samantha, was the kind of server you don't find often anymore. When she found out that they were out of the beer I ordered, she took the initiative to bring me samples of two beers of the same type for me to try. She had impeccable timing and came to the table often enough without being intrusive. Seriously. I haven't had a server this good in a long time.
I do believe that service is one of the items stressed by management, so if you have bad service, it's an anomaly and you should let the management know. We were sincerely thanked and wished well by three different employees on our way out. 
The beer selection is great and features mostly local beers, which puts it head and shoulders above the standard tourist-focused establishment in the area (and this place is part of a hotel, so they're really showing more bravery in this choice). I had a burger, and it was cooked perfectly, served on thick toast, and a generous size. I ordered a side of remoulade, which was the perfect sauce to add to it. The fries were tasty, but I which they'd been crisper.
Great location for people watching & would probably be a fun place to watch a game. Maybe the next time I'm there I'll see Deuce and get to say thanks for all he's done.We had a good time watching the game with good food and beer. I would recommend this b and g to anyone. The bar service was slow not as attentive as I would like but it was ok.Biggest problem: halfway into our meal our party of 2 was joined by a third guest - a COCKROACH crawling across wall that our table was next to. So, now that we've sufficiently thrown up our meal I can comment that the Food was underwhelming, cold, and just not good. 
And after that, they still wanted to charge us for the meal!This is definitely a 5 star establishment if food is a little more timely. Other than that it's great. Servers were attentive and food was delicious. I had pork chop with sweet potatoes and greens. I implore you. Order this dish. It's outstanding. Wife had chicken and dirty rice. Filing and great comfort food. Great craft beers. Bartender came up with a French 75 for my wife that worked well. Love it. We'll be back. Also had the pretzel and sausage ap. Great way to start the  night.This place has a lot of potential. There's a lot of space, it's great for groups, there is bar seating with an open concept floor plan to the more "group" or "party-seating" area and almost one tv per customer. Ole Saint doesn't just feature the Saints on TV but will actually play multiple games side by side (great for watching your fantasy players). The menu isn't huge, but has some great options to choose from: salads, burgers, wings, oysetrs, fries, etc. American food with a NOLA flare. I opted for the half dozen of oysters and my friend opted for the wings - we both were quite satisfied (note: the wing order only has about 6).
My beef? The service. It's not just bad, it's miserable. Your waiter will avoid meeting your eyes like the plague as it means having to take his eyes off of the tv. My friend wanted to have a chicken breast added to her salad and the waiter was unwillinging to accommodate the request. He suggested something else with chicken and when she said that she would just have the salad, he was adamant she order something else (she stuck to her guns, but her request to have the thousand island dressing on the side was absolutely ignored). If you have all of the time in the world to spend here, you'll be quite satisfied with the football, loud fans and food; however, I would recommend somewhere else if you are on a time frame or have anxiety about an empty glass.I absolutely loved this restaurant the last time I came here. So much so that I made a reservation as soon as I knew I would be back in the city. This time around, the service was completely inadequate. The wait time for our food was abysmal. Our appetizer came out after our entrees did! Once our entrees did come out, they were all cold and unappetizing.
The manager was particularly irksome. His complete lack of customer service was astonishing, especially
considering the fact that almost every table in his restaurant was empty on a Saturday night.
Sad to say I will absolutely never come back here... And from the looks of the empty dining room, it doesn't look like anyone else will be either...Decent food but at breakfast they were not replenishing the food. We only had a server come to our table after we had helped ourselves to the buffet and drinks and were completely finished to clear out plates. It was fine but average with bad service. Biscuits and gravy were the best part.So disappointed with the customer service. Made reservations online via opentable based on decent reviews. 
I received a phone call from someone at the restaurant shortly after making the reservation saying that could not honor that reservation.  I questioned why and he responded it was because they had too many walk-ins come in. 
I don't understand why I was allowed to make a reservation when they couldn't handle it. But that's fine, and I understand. The person on the phone had such an awful attitude and was so rude to me! Seriously dude?! Glad we didn't give them our business when there are so many other great options. 
Learn some manners. Dude.Update:
The servers at the bar were so kind and tried their best to remedy the situation. Apparently our order was lost in the kitchen and then it was entered wrong or something. Whatever the case, this seemed more like an organization and management problem than it did the servers'. The servers took our entire meal off the bill, refilled our beers, and even offered more delicious recommendations for drinks. When we finally got to taste the fried oysters, we couldn't stop smiling because they were absolutely delicious! The honey glazed wings hit the spot too. The servers managed to turn the whole bad situation around. There was an instance during the ended my meal when I left my phone in the bathroom stall. Another server found it and returned it to me. Seriously, the staff here (not including the kitchen workers) are so nice; their kindness truly shows.
Original:
Ordered over an hour ago at the bar and still haven't seen the food. The only things we ordered were fries and fried oyster. It takes no effort whatsoever to deep fry stuff! Meanwhile others that arrived later than me are being served. I have a hunch that the waitress forgot to put in my order. I know it's Mardi Gras, but the restaurant isn't even at half capacity. This is absolutely inexcusable service.Came on Thursday for lunch during French quarter fest. Only one waitress had a dozen tables initially so service was poor. But po boy was decent. But in particular the boardwalk style fries that came with it were spectacular.dirty! saw the bartender drop a gallon of oj on the dirty floor and put it in the ice cooler. it was covered in dirt. so gross and very unprofessional. i wouldn't be surprised if this is a common practice.A basic bar offering nothing too special, but I did enjoy the oysters, a shrimp po boy, and a few wheat beers. Decently priced for Bourbon Street and better than most options while walking around. No regrets spending my money here since I was hungry and thirsty after being harassed by "Big Ass Beers" and strip club "promoters" while walking BS.We weren't alone, everyone around us was also having a lousy experience. We walked in to the host pretty much berating a couple who was looking to get dessert. They were so confused. Then it was our turn and we were told to get out of the way for a food cart. After that we couldn't tell WHO the host was talking to and finally we just ducked into the restaurant and sat at the bar.
For the next half hour the table next to us asked for their missing gumbo. It never came. Shortly after the table behind us also showed their dismay over being told 20 minutes after ordering that the kitchen was out of something. 
As for us at the bar, we ordered four beers and wings. The wings were awful and our service was slow. This was all while about six employees were just chatting away doing nothing. 
The only time this entire staff took interest in their customers was to tell us the restaurant was closing.
By the way, this was a Sunday night. It was busy and no one was belligerent. I can't even imagine this place under stress. When there is so much goodness in NOLA you'd be insane to come here.Maaaaaaan the service here is slow! Ordered a Coke and it took days. Came with a party of 8, had a reservation and they passed us over. The place wasn't even that crowded. I had the expectation of this place being similar to Ditkas in Chicago... WRONG. Definitely can do better. Maybe they were just under staffed.Mainly 5 stars for Kris the bartender who was really awesome!! He knew his drinks well and offered me some great beers. Very charismatic gentleman who clearly enjoyed what he does for a living. He even offered us a drink he had just invented for free as long as we came up with a name for it (which we did (GhostBlossom)). Glad we found it but wish we had found it sooner so we could go back a couple more times.Perfect combination of atmosphere and food experience. Best tap selection any where in the French quarter.  The fries are a must and the pork chop is ridiculously juicy. Great experience all around.Upon entry there is a sign saying wait to be seated. So I waited and waited. And with the hostess right there looking at me and bustling around no less. Finally I had to take a couple of times asking for help to be seated before she actually helped me. I offered to sit at the bar of that was easier since I was a party of one. Whatever it was VERY slow service to be seated.
It took a long time to receive service. When the server came over she apologized and asked if I'd been helped. I informed her I had not.
She then let me know she was going to first put in a BIG order, then she'd be back to help me (a one person table). (And yes she emphasized big)
As far as food goes eh. The gumbo was very salty and I did not have one single piece of sausage in my serving.
I'm still drinking my beer when she brings over the ticket. No offer of a refill or dessert.
When she came back to check for my card I requested a refill. She apologized and was off to get it.
Overall servers were pleasant and apologetic. Perhaps others want their gumbo salty? But the lack of sausage, saltiness and slightly rough service was a bummer. Although it IS Carnival season, the place was NOT that busy on my visit.
So food, ignored by hostess and bumpy service brings t down 2 stars.Wasn't busy but server was bad. She seemed very disinterested in taking our order. We had to get someone to find her to check out. 
The sausage plate appetizer was good.Ordered the burger that menu states comes with arugula, sweet onion, mushrooms, Swiss cheese and a tomato bacon jam. I requested the tomato bacon jam be on the side as I'm not a fan of bacon but was interested in trying it. 
What I got was an overcooked burger (they never even asked how I wanted it cooked) with LETTUCE, tomato, Swiss, and the tomato bacon jam. So, instead of putting what I don't like on the side they included it and jipped me of the onion and arugula...not sure what I paid $15 for but I won't make that mistake againRestaurant  was clean and cool which was a plus on a hot day. The drinks were on a good special for happy hour and we ordered appetizers to hang out before a night out. Good food and service! Would go back.Waiter dumped an entire tray of drinks on my son and me. Mumbled "sorry" and that was it. Really?!?!?!Had a late night Sunday dinner here, I must say this has been one of the worst dinner experiences I have had.  We walked in behind a group of four, we overheard the hostess tell them it would be a 20minute wait, looked around the corner and they were seated in 5 minutes, take in mind this place was almost empty, we waited 20 minutes for a place to sit.  After being seated it took 10 minuets to get a drink order placed, another 10 minutes later a different waitress came over to take our order, the original waitress ran over and asked what she was doing, our order didn't get placed.  After another 10 minutes of waiting we called our original waitress over to find out if our order had been placed, she told us no, I had to ask her if we could place our order, she looked at me like I just slapped her in the face.  Food was cold, they brought us the wrong appetizers, the burger was plain no season, pulled pork was salty and cold.  Have the things we ordered they were out of.  I wouldn't waste my time or money at Ole' Saints again.We had some excellent food today!  The Burger and the Pressed Pork were delicious. My wife enjoyed the Catfish, but the burger won the most votes at the table.Cochon de lair fries!!! Amazing!!!! Put them in your life!! Pair it with some Lazy Magnolia beers!!! Great staff clean bar!! 5 stars!Incredible breakfast.  Must get the fried oyster benedict florentien.  Momossas were incredible as well.We went for breakfast one morning. It was a $15 buffet that was way off the mark. Horrible, overcooked scrambled eggs. Soggy potatoes. Little selection overall. We were the only people in the place -- and it was clear why. We gave it a shot for HH as well. I ordered wine and there was a big chunk of crystallized sugar (?) at the bottom of the glass....I sent it back only to have the bartender try and convince me this was drinkable. No thanks. I got a vodka soda instead -- borderline passable. The lime was brown and they gave me the wrong vodka. Still charged me $12 tho. 
Terrible food. Bad well drinks. No customer service.Happy Hour, 2 for 1 Drafts, great micro brew selection!! The Baton Rouge, Tin Roof Juke Joint IPA was on point!!
The NOLA Envie APA was a close 2nd!I ate here the night I arrived. Since I was staying at the Wyndham that this restaurant is attached to it made it an easy decision. Staff was friendly. Not being from the area, I would have appreciated some good recommendations about the beers they had on tap. I had the ribeye with blue cheese on top. Food was very good.Really good meal. Flash fried oysters are AMAZING! PO boy and shrimp and grits were good.I would give zero stars if I could. We walked in, sat for a few minutes and walked out. If you can't bother to say hello or welcome as you throw a menu in front of me, then you do not get my business. With the high number of other restaurants/bars in the area, there is no need to come here.Great food! Good location - just off of bourbon street in the French quarter. The service was fast and friendly. 
We started with the BBQ pork fries - which are a must. Basically nachos but with fries and not chips. Pretty genius. 
I got the Louisiana chopped salad with shrimp and was throughly pleased.
Number one part of this restaurant? Biggest local beer selection in town. Tried the NOLA blonde ale and it was delicious!A pretty fun place to catch a game and get some drinks and food. We stumbled upon this place on a recent Saturday evening for college football.  They had enough tvs in the place to have every game playing on.  The food menu looked appealing as did the drinks.  I ended up with the pulled pork sandwich that was a generously sized portion.  The meat was tender and flavorful.  Service was a bit slow but that could have been due to the steady stream of patrons coming in to watch various games.They were not prepared for game day. After ordering our food they still did not have our meals prepared over an hour and a half later. They continued to say just a few more minutes.New favorite NOLA restaurant!! The staff is great, Evelyn especially. We had a party of 17 out for a 50th birthday and they were so accommodating. Food is delicious and definitely worth every penny. Every meal on the table was amazing, including the appetizers. 
Highly recommended!This bar was conveniently located right next to our hotel so we came here several times. I was a big fan of their beer selection. They offer flights so I ordered the Hop one - great choices. Also, very generous with their flight serving sizes! And they come in a cute wooden fleur-de-lis.
The food is OK here - the catfish wasn't anything special. My friend enjoyed his gumbo a great amount though. Still, there are so many awesome places to eat in the area - I'd probably stick to drinks here and maybe some appetizers. 
Service was good. The bartender even called us a cab to the airport on our departure date which helped us a lot.If they had a more organized system this place would be poppin. The hostess didn't take my name (or the group in front of us) and later on had to add our names to the front of the list. The servers were confused on which table was which and didn't understand any of the table numbers. 
If they worked this issue out, this place would be so successful. 
The food is a bit pricey but good. Not great, but good. The pulled pork fries were different. The shrimp po boy was pretty good too. 
There are plenty of television screens so no matter where you sit, you can watch a game. On Sunday everyone wears their jersey's (duh) 
Great place with a group of people to drink some beers, snack on fries, and watch the game.Amazing!!! Sooo glad we stumbled across this place!  We had the Best food! The Best Drinks and the Best Time! Morgan, the fab bartender there, was incredible!  Loved meeting her!  Great happy hour specials and wonderful staff!  We were in from Chicago for 5 days and this was hands down one of our favorite spots!  If I'm ever back... I will be there!  Highly HIGHLY recommend!We're staying in the Wyndham and was starving for breakfast, so we decided to come downstairs for the  breakfast buffet.  Amazing choice!  The staff is professional and personal at the same time. The food was good and the drinks are definitely eye-openers. 
I'd highly recommend this to out-of-towners and the locals.We love this place! The food is delicious! BBQ sliders, hamburger, and my favorite - Brussels sprouts. The service can be some what slow, but 50 craft beers on tap - just sit back and relax - everyone is very friendly.  We actually ate here about a year and a half ago, and came back today for the food.The food is amazing!  I just had the best pressed pork sandwich EVER!  when I came in I was anticipating a standard bar fare.   I'm blown away at the quality and presentation of the food.   And the beer selection is awesome too.Just alright. Drinks were strong, food was average, staff was less than great. I got the wrong sandwich but ate it anyway... the bartender tried to charge us for the more expensive one that I didn't get because "close enough". It's my money, not close enough. She seemed overwhelmed and not interested in helping anyone. Despite being attached to our hotel, we did not return.Decent food for a bar. Good beer selection and very convenient location in the French quarter. If you're panicking and don't know where to go, this is a safe bet for the price.Went here three times...:because it's conveniently located in my hotel:) Friendly staff.... was seated quickly..... tried their breakfast... it was pretty good. Pancakes, bacon and Shrimp and grits were very tasty. Burger was okay..crab stuffed deviled eggs were okay maybe a little more seasoning. Side salad w/wedge lettuce was tasty. Gumbo was tasty. Brownie sundae was good but the White chocolate bread pudding with a scoop of ice cream sealed the night.... very good! Prices are reasonable.Food was the same you can get anywhere across the country. Nothing impressive. 
They did forget my drink until I was done with my meal but the waitress was so sweet I let it go. 
The atmosphere wasn't to bad. Connected to the Wyndham so that was a nice feature. 
Keep going down the road to something unique. This is emergency hunger stop only. Beats the McDonald's across the street.Came to watch a game, have some drinks and deserts and they must have the bartender from hell! Who tf hired her (Morgan)Horrible service, bad Attitude, I happened to be staying at the hotel next door but I decided not to eat after all! I can't believe the horrible service here! I wouldn't come here again if it was the last place on earth opened!They only get three stars because they are so friendly. The servers are running but it's obvious they don't have enough of them. They didn't realize we hadn't ordered even though we were sitting at an empty table. When our food came out I got a spoon for the gumbo but no napkins. I'm glad I'm not a sloppy eater.Best server in NOLA - Mariah! Attentive, cheerful & made good menu suggestions. Great for watching multiple games at the same time - many TVs. Good location.I wouldn't tell anyone to go out of their way. But the shrimp and grits were good. A decent beer selectionGood place to try some local beers on tap. Otherwise it's an experience you can get from an airport restaurant . Food felt like it was a from a normal chain . Touristy area. Nothing specialIf you're staying at the Wyndham French Quarter, this is where your room service comes from. It's also a regular restaurant, accessible to all so if you're not staying at the hotel, feel free to dine. 
Tip; if you are staying at the hotel and aren't feeling extra lazy, call in your order as a pick up and just walk down and grab it. It'll save a bundle!! 
Husband ordered the po boy and fries. It was ok. Nothing to write home to mom about but it was fine. Kid ordered the pasta. It was unpleasant. It was dried out, bland and unappealing. Side note: call and ask what's available for kids. What they offered us on the phone was different than what was on the menu. I ordered the gumbo. If I were reviewing just the gumbo, it'd be five stars. That gumbo, this one is chicken based, was amazing! The andouille sausage was perfectly spicy and made the gumbo! And it's so filling! Because Kid's pasta was so unappetizing, she actually ate most of my gumbo.  I wouldn't recommend it for kids who don't like spicy, but my kid devoured it. We also got the Cochon de Lait Fries to split; its fries with cheese and pulled pork. They were decent. 
I could really go for some more of that gumbo right about now.While looking for a quick place to grab a bite, my friend and I popped in here.  I knew it was Duece's place and was hoping it was more than just a place with a local celeb's name on the sign and it am pleased to report that it was really quite good. 
I was a little nervous when we sat down  because it was pretty dead in there but I'm hoping because it was a little late for lunch at 3pm so that's why it was just a few tables.  Service was a bit slow -especially with only 3 tables-  but they apologized for that and the food made up for it.  We both had the Crab BLT on multigrain bread and it was a large, filling sandwich and quite delicious.  
I would recommend the restaurant and definitely return again to try something else next time.After being treated like  dirt directly across the street we found this place. The food was great and the service was the same. Thanks Nique!This was the very first place my friends and I ate upon arrival in New Orleans. We walked in and was immediately greeted by this very personable and up beat guy. We had a ton of of questions about the menu in which we wanted answered before committing.....
Well LET ME TELL. 
Thank you for always he sounds?How was your Christmas? Mine sucked. I had to watch 16 members of my family eat while never getting served one bite of food. I went to bed hungry.
I went with 16 members of my family Christmas night for dinner at Ole Saint. They had a limited menu and had run out of several options so I opted for a hamburger. The one listed had bacon and cheese, neither of which I eat, so I requested medium-rare, no bacon, no cheese. Not that difficult, right? Well it was set in front of me with cheese, so I reminded the waiter I can't eat cheese. The waiter apologized and took it away. The rest of my family started eating and I waited. And waited. And waited. My uncle down the table said that at least we knew they must be making a new one, since it was taking so long. 
The waiter set the plate down in front of me and I knew right away that they had not made a new one. The burger was not medium-rare, it was burnt to a crisp. Sure enough, took off the bun and there was cheese still on it. The kitchen hadn't done a good job scraping it off and had just recooked it to burn off the cheese. I was horrified. WHAT IF I HAD GONE INTO ANAPHYLACTIC SHOCK?! I told the waiter I can't eat dairy! I understand the laws about disclosing food allergies, does the kitchen?
The waiter took my plate a second time and never came back. He never brought me the food I ordered. He made a big deal about taking it off the menu, but then presented me with a bill for $2.50 for my soda. Classy.
Ole Saint made me feel so disrespected, so devalued, I will never return. I would tell anyone I know not to eat there. They clearly don't care about the wellness of their clientele and what they did was unethical. 
Thank you SO much Ole Saint. YOU RUINED MY CHRISTMAS.Food was decent.  Shrimp po boy was OK,  bread wasn't superb and I got grossed out at the end of my meal when I noticed my shrimp wasn't deveined.   Pressed pork sandwich was really good,  caramelized onions added a nice sweetness.  Fries are seasoned perfectly.Great beers.  Lots of choice speciality brews. Food is excellent. The bar staff are courteous and friendly. Always a vacant seat or two at the bar.12/30/18 my wife and I came in for dinner, quite a few empty tables should have been a clue. Our service was slower than molasses ( don't bother asking for ketchup, you'll almost be done before you get any. We saw the same ketchup delay at another table too ). Sat looking at my hot baby back rib app getting cold without any silverware or a napkin. DO NOT order the French fries, they were cold and soggy. But the cloth napkins were very nice. 
   So if you appreciate a nice cloth napkin...
Otherwise, walk right on by.OK, the atmosphere is clean and relaxed, and the servers are very nice and try their best - bless their hearts.  The food, however, is terrible.  Think cheap, stale bar food.  The sausage plate came with queso like you would squeeze out of the metallic bag in a Kraft mac and cheese box on clearance from Rouses.  Two girls with me ordered the Cuban sandwiches, and they both said they were not good because the ingredients were cheap.  They picked the sandwiches apart and left hungry.  The pulled pork sandwich was ordered by two others at the table, and only one was delivered.  This happens, so we weren't upset; however, we told the server, and he did his best to rush it, but it never came out.  I ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell, and they were well-sized and accompanied by the standard horseradish, etc.  The oysters were not fully shucked, though, so I had to dig and scrape with my fork.  We all agreed that we will not return here because there are too many other options in that price range with better quality food.Donna floated down from heaven to our table.  The angels were upset, but she needed to serve us.  She waited on us and served our every whim.  Refill, before we even asked. Food suggestions, this is what I love, but this is what YOU'LL love! She was amazing.  Please make her management so she can teach the servers how to serve at her level.Staff wasn't paying attention. Took 20 minutes for someone to announce. Our waiter was so busy and so nice. They are understaffed. Food was so so.