Good food - good service nice ambience. You can taste that the Sushi is fresh and not out of the Freezer.
The noise-level is good - the wooden benches - I had to get used to it.
Parking in this area is a challenge.
The noodle soups are very good.If you like Little Tokyo, you will like Origami which was started by a few people who used to work there, so some of the rolls are the same as Little Tokyo. The miso soup is good, and all the rolls are great.  The Poboy roll is as good as the Little Tokyo original..  Would like to see them create a few more original rolls and other menu items.This is one of my favorite sushi places in the area.  The foods amazing and prices are reasonable.  I tried the Carpaccio white fish for an app.  That's a must try of you visit Origami.  The sushi of course was great.  What made my dinner experience was the service. We were greeted by friendly wait staff.  Quang and Ngoc were our serves and they made me and my wife feel like royalty.  I think they always smiled which can make a meal even that much better.Currently my favorite sushi in New Orleans. The burning man roll was one of the best ive ever had. the origami roll with fried banana around it is a fun novelty but not something I will get regularly. Good ambience and good service. I will be back. If this place was a little cheaper, I'd be there more often.Eh....I hate to say it but I wasn't impressed.  I mean from the tap water lemonade to the bland teriyaki I just left wanting more. Love the space and the waitstaff was so kind but they gotta do more with the menu. Omg that salad dressing in the salad served in the bento box was like chewing minced meat. And idk what kinda soy sauce they have but it's a salt lick! Man,  I wanted to love this place. ...eh oh well.We ordered a salmon avocado roll and yellowtail roll to go and ate it by the river. It may have partly been the ambiance, but I found the sushi delicious. There was ample fish in each roll and the rolls were a good size. It was nothing spectacular, but I was not disappointed.When I'm in New Orleans I probably go to Origami about once a month.  This isn't because it's super tasty, it just happens to be the closest sushi place to my house.
I can not speak to their other entrees since I have only ever gotten sushi, but from what I've experienced the food is mediocre. Their sushi rolls are huge, I'm talking some of the biggest rolls I've ever had.  Some people love this, but in my opinion makes it more of a rice ball more than a piece of sushi, as well as increases the difficulty of eating.  So while you are getting more of a bang for your buck, you are also not getting that desired sushi full. 
On top of that, they use imitation crab. This is a huge pet-peeve of mine because a nice sushi restaurant should be serving fresh fish not fake crab! (This might be my northern blood talking though.) 
Last time I went there I got the yami yami roll, the tiger roll, and a snow crab roll. The yami yami was by farr the best. And it was covered in eel sauce which makes any meal taste good. 
All-in-all, the people at origami are really friendly and it's atmosphere is pleasant. On top of that, you can go there without spending too much and get really full. I'll go back to Origami, and if you live close, you should too but just keep in mind nothing you order will be drool inducing.Place is nice. We came at 3.30 and ordered 2 rolls and 2 soups, it's 4 now and weee! rolls r finnaly on the tableFish was fresh, I especially liked the salmon, it was like eating fatty salmon. Eel was perfectly made, better than most eel I've had in California. Was slightly disappointed that the chef couldn't make the special open sushi plate because it was busy, therefore we didn't get to try smelt and oyster. There's always a next time when I'm back in this city.The sushi is fresh and good.The miso is flavorful, yet mild. The noodle bowls are large and delicious. The staff is friendly. It is family friendly, while still feeling like a nice restaurant.The BEST best Japanese restaurant in NOLA. We live in the neighborhood and eat there often. Everything is consistently fresh, delicious, and beautifully presented. I'm not a big fan of sushi, but the rolls and sashimi that I see coming out of the sushi bar look incredible. Our faves are the curry soft shell crab appetizer (OMG!! Best soft shell in NOLA, except maybe Clancy's), the Zaru Soba, and the salmon teriyaki side. A great meal to share with 2.The ambiance is nice and the sushi is pretty good for New Orleans. The best time to come is definitely for lunch because they have great deals at lunch. Overall not amazing, but very solid restaurant.Sushi was pretty good. A little too much rice. Good prices though. No one ever greeted us, they were busy... But still. So we sat at the sushi bar and had our menus thrown down and greeted 5 minutes after. Got our appetizers after the sushi. The spicy exams is not spicy, actually too sweet, wasn't good.  So I would say 4 stars for sushi 2 stars for service...I'm a big fan of origami! The miso soup is really good and the sara roll is my go-to. It is overflowing with the crunchy stuff on top, but I love it. There is a "hidden" menu that doesn't show up on their website that has some delish rolls (including the sara roll and fresh salmon roll that I can recall off the top of my head). If you go to the restaurant, their menu lists everything. I typically order to go here and it's always pretty quick, even when I just go and order at the bar. Would definitely recommend!needs better ratings because this is a great sushi spot
order the shigure appetizer!I have had several delicious meals at Origami. I love their Poke salad and could probably eat it everyday. All the roles I have tried were really yummy as well. Their specialty roles are huge and a good value for the price point. I haven't had any major issues with the service such as the other reviewers have mentioned so I think time has allowed them to work out some of the kinks. I will note that one of the servers I had had a challenging time understanding special requests because of a language barrier but in the end our whole order was correct so I won't hold it against them too much. Overall I think this is now my first choice for sushi in the area (over Sake Cafe, Kyoto and Ninja).Unfortunately, this place has really gone downhill in the last few months. When it opened, we were very hopeful that there would be a good clean, sanitary sushi restaurant in New Orleans, finally!
Sadly, we were there today and it seemed dirty. The window ledge next to the booths was  covered in dust and filthy. The tables were sticky, and oily. The place needs a deep cleaning.
The food is still pretty good. I want to like this restaurant, but I wish they would clean up the place. It's a bummer.The service was fast and efficient. No complaints. Good Japanese fare. Great location and great interior.The sushi is okay as are the other plates offered at Origami. Nothing over the top or amazing... Decent sushi.Really good food. Steve is the best chef in the city. Modern, clean interior design. We come here about once a week.Like other commenters mentioned, the service is slow. Between that and menus that severely needed cleaning, they lose a star. We sat there watching the waiter joke with the cooks and bartender for a while after we had closed our menus and made it clear we were ready to order. 
But the food was great. They serve Poke salad which isn't always on sushi menus and I really love it. I got a fairly large portion of it for $10. I requested the sauce be served on the side in case it was too spicy for my sensitive palate. For some reason, the waiter placed a fork on my plate when he served it- but he didn't do the same for my friend who ordered the same dish prepared in the same way maybe ten minutes later. I wasn't sure if I should be grateful or offended but I just went ahead and tore it up with chopsticks.
Ultimately left full and happy. Would go again but will definitely go knowing the service won't be stellar.I have been to Origami a number of times. It is average in service, presentation and sushi. It is always consistent. Recently I had a bad experience while leaving the restaurant. I was walking out the door when someone bumped into me. It was a server and the bump caused a bottle of beer to drop off their trey. TBH it caught me off guard. I looked at the server thinking they might apologize for running into me. They gave me a dirty look. I did a double take and the dirty look went to a look of anger with the server shaking their head. There were numerous employees standing around and they all looked away or made a joke of it. Total lack of professionalism. This will be our last time spending money at Origami.So far, this is my favorite sushi in the city.  Haven't tried them all quite yet, but I personally love this place.  They're very rarely busy, but service is sometimes hit-and-miss, though never actually poor.  I've never waited for a table, which I love, and the rolls are AMAZING and well-priced.  I've liked every roll I've had but my favorites are the Burning Woman and Chocolate City.  Their miso and tempura are fantastic as well and the sushi pretty much always comes out promptly.  My only complaint is that they always close their kitchen way earlier than necessary, so even if we want to order take-out at 10:20 (when they close at 11) they turn us down and we end up going to other sushi places, which are never as good.Poke was fantastic. Sushi was solid, they had a very unique roll the Origami Roll (eel & avocado inside, fried banana outside with honey, this was as close to dessert sushi as you get and quite the change of pace. The only drawback was that they were clearly understaffed that evening and it did slow down service quite a bit. Will go back.Origami is my favorite sushi place in the city. The poke salad is delightful and their fish is so fresh. Fun atmosphere and never had a bad roll!Just wanted a quick bite of sushi 30 minutes before they closed the kitchen, but they immediately turned me away. If you're not gonna accept new customers before you close change your damn hours!On a weekday (evening), we walked in and were immediately seated. We really enjoyed this place. High quality sushi, hot saki, and ice cold Sapporo. Winning combination.This place just didn't do it for me. The first time I visited was during lunch hour so I guess with it being significantly cheaper than normal hours I over looked it but when I had to pay full price I wasn't excited at all about it. 
There isn't anything special or creative about their specialty rolls. I can't remember what they called the roll I ordered but it was just a cucumber roll with what looked like whipped avocado on top. If that's even a thing? Yea... not easy on the eyes at all.
They don't do hibachi so tried to create my own rice and veggie dish for my son. They tried. LOL. They only offer plain white rice which doesn't bother us but I know some people enjoy fried rice better. The veggies were all cooked until they were mostly colorless so besides the carrots I couldn't tell u what they were. The sauce was way too salty also. 
One good thing about it is its toward the less busy end of Freret so parking usually isn't hard. Also they just completed an awesome deck addition so I think that would be cool for autumn and spring evenings.I ate here with 3 of my friends and I have never experienced such rude service. One of my friends was wearing a t-shirt but definitely still presentable but as soon as we walked in, the guy who looked like he owned the place immediately gave us this vibe that we weren't really welcome. 
In addition, once they finally sat us down, they not only sat us in the very back of the restaurant, but they sat us in the back towards the side behind a wall so that you literally couldn't see us from anywhere in the front of the restaurant. We were in the prime hide-n-seek location inside this restaurant. Also, it was obvious that they put minimal effort in getting our table ready. The table was still very wet from wiping it down as fast as possible. They also forgot to give us our napkins and chopsticks etc and it wasn't until the food arrived that they noticed and got it. 
Also, the food took forever to get to us. After at least 30 minutes, the waitress came back to our table to ask what we ordered again because she had forgotten our order and realized we haven't gotten anything yet. 
I've eaten at many sushi restaurants and loved most of them, but this is by far the worst sushi place I have ever eaten at, mainly due to the horrible service. The food was alright but not enough to compensate for the worst service I have ever witnessed. I definitely would not ever recommend this place to any of my friends and would never go back to this place to eat again.After searching and searching for a good sushi place in New Orleans, I'm happy to say the search is over! Origami is reasonably priced and generous in proportions. The sushi is always fresh and they have such a wide variety of flavors that I've never experienced at other Japanese restaurants. Among a long list of other things, my boyfriend and I always get the Poke Salad and the Mussels (Sake or Curry? It is always a debate because they're both great!) We recently tried their special, Oyster Shooters, and they were a huge hit at the table. They don't come with cocktail sauce but don't worry, there is plenty of kick! We sent a compliment to the kitchen and the chef came out personally and told us the ingredients, which included a wasabi oil. MMM definitely been dreaming about those :) Looking forward to our next visit soon!Pricey but soooooo fresh and delicious. Must have tropical roll. Love how they make the mustard for the shumai.Went here for dinner with a close friend. I had peeked at their Yelp reviews before going to get a handle on the best menu items which turned out to be their special rolls. After having the Geisha roll and the Margarita roll, I couldn't agree more. They were absolutely delicious --- much better than what I've had at Ninja for the price you pay! They have a very nice interior and very roomy booth seats with large tables. Service was excellent. Would definitely recommend for any occasion.The first time I went to Origami it had only been open a couple of weeks & the service was comical rather than bad. I watched confused waitstaff pinball off of each other in confusion over who was responsible for what. The rolls & sushi were good though, so knew I would be back.
Fast forward to my most recent couple of visits, both times we were large groups (6ish) and were seated right away (even over Mardi Gras weekend). The staffing issues seemed to have been solved.  I've now tried a good portion of their menu and I've not been wowed by anything.  The portions on some rolls are huge (which can lead to massive over ordering).  And I've gotten a couple of items that had ingredients that weren't listed on the menu which was odd (and off putting for one of my friends).  
The space is lovely and the location is convenient for me. But I've not been wowed by the food, so while I won't cross it off the list, it won't be my first choice.Best Sushi I have had in New Orleans. I had none of the problems other yelp reviews claim. We were seated as soon as we walked in, the service was great and the food was awesome! 
Just a few years ago when I was a Loyola freshman I used to frequent the disgusting bar called Tucks. The new owners of the place have done a FANTASTIC job remodeling this place. The decorations are very nice and it feels VERY clean in the restaurant! 
The food was also great! We started with the salmon and cream cheese tempura which was even better than I expected! Then we got a crunchy roll and the funky margarita roll. The crunchy roll was really good but not what I was expecting. It isn't your typical crunchy but it is really fantastic, just beware it is almost twice the size of a typical sushi roll. I loved the funky margarita roll but our waitress later told us some people don't like it. It is almost an Asian Mexican fusion sushi roll. It has spicy crawfish inside and topped with tuna and salmon. Then they put a guacamole with a bit of wasabi  mixed into it on top of the entire roll. Sounds really weird but I thought it was great! I will defiantly be going back for another of one of those. Defiantly try this if you are in to fun creative sushi. If you just wan't classic sushi this is not the roll for you! We also got the cheese cake tempura which was great too!
All in all, go try this place! Really nice people working there and they provide great service and have fantastic fun creative sushi rolls. A very nice change from the typical sushi you find in New Orleans. GO.I noticed a lot of complaints about service, but I experienced nothing but excellent service at Origami. They were very polite and prompt. The person who appeared to be the manager or owner even directed me to the bathroom when he saw me get up from our table. The sushi was great, and they have a large and interesting menu. I especially liked the Burning Woman roll (it had peppered tuna) and the Tropical roll (salmon and mango). The atmosphere was nicely decorated and the booths are generous and high backed. I will definitely be going back!It's Ringo's birthday! Mine, too, so we went out to celebrate. We've been to Origami before, and enjoyed the food. Plus, we like Cure for cocktails before, so off we went to Freret Street. It was a little crowded when we arrived, and we were seated at one of the small tables to begin with... after a little difficulty, we moved to a booth. What should have been a joyous occasion was made mediocre by perfunctory and surly service. Our waitress was very young, and I suspect we weren't young or hip enough to suit her. Ordering a second bottle of Asahi Super Dry took a little more time than it should have, despite the restaurant being far less busy by then. And she delivered it along with the check... an unmistakable bum's rush vibe. Even so, because the sushi, sashimi, and chirashi were good, we left a 20% tip anyway... I hope they share tips liberally with the sushi chefs. Next year, we'll probably try another sushi place. Meanwhile, for those young and hip enough, this might be the place.good sushi but the chefs are mostly douche-bags.  Don't sit at the counter unless you like putting up with it.Some of the best sushi I have tried in New Orleans - I will definitely be coming back.
They have a good selection of rolls, as well as salads, other Japanese entrees (grilled dishes, sushi & sashimi etc), noodles, tempura and a few desserts. I ordered the tiger roll (highly recommended) and tried a few others - they were loaded with decent quality fish and were delicious. Some of the dishes on the menu show a Vietnamese / Chinese influence - for example, you can order sriracha sauce on top of your sushi, if you like a bit of extra spice.
The only downside was that the service was a little sloppy, although we did have a group of more than 20 people.Really enjoyed meal there with my wife last night. Only thing i can complain about is the booths. Seats are a little too far from table to eat comfortably.  Sushi was fresh and flavorful. We will be back.Origami is one of my favorite places to stop in and pick up some food.  
I am absolutely in love with their poke salad!  It's an AMAZING deal at $8.95. It's loaded with big chunks of tuna and veggies. What really sets it apart from other poke salads is the slightly spicy dressing.  I could literally drink it.  
On my last visit, instead of just doing my regular pick up, I decided to sit at the bar and order an appetizer.  I got the curried soft shell crab.  It was to die for and a reasonable $9.95.  I easily made a meal out of that and a small house salad.
The reason for four stars instead of five?  I found the service at the bar to be slow and lacking attention.  
All in all though, I still highly recommend Origami for the tasty food and very reasonable prices.Had Squid salad and Burning Man roll.
Squid salad was pretty good...although a little more seaweed would cap it off....it was sparse.
Burning man Roll was quite good. Middle was crunchy, fish was fresh and the roll was a good size. I would definitely come back.
Service was pretty good as well.Nice ambiance, pleasant staff, very fast and efficient take-out ordering, large menu with a lot of options (appetizers, miso, udon, soba, salad, teryaki, sushi, etc.), and very fresh-tasting fish. 
The Poke Salad ($8.95) -- with sliced cucumbers, tuna sashimi, squid, a little bit of seaweed and a spicy ponzu sauce -- is very refreshing and flavorful. It could be a light lunch all by itself.
But here comes the negative: Too many menu items usually indicates a lack of focus in the kitchen, and this appears to be the case at Origami. They would do well to focus on a few things that they are very good at, rather than trying to cater to everyone. 
One thing that they are not very talented at, I am afraid to report, is the creative sushi roll. The combinations sound really good on paper, but aren't so great in execution. For instance the Burning Man Roll (~$12) contains two kinds of spiced tuna, avocado, panko and eel sauce. The mushy tuna mix inside had an unpleasant texture and flavor, and the roll was not well constructed, so that it fell apart when being lifted with chopsticks. The size of the roll was very generous, but it is not something I would ever order again. Ditto for the Tiger Roll (~$15) with three kinds of fish, eel and smelt roe; again, the construction was very poor, and the flavor was mediocre. In my mind, what distinguishes great sushi from merely competent sushi is excellent construction and fresh, bold flavors. These sushi rolls were lacking in both departments.Terrible service, food is average at best.   Red head girl at bar doing to go orders is rude and inconsiderate.  Too many other sushi options in the city for me to ever return to this place.Food and service were terrible. We ordered the sushi, which seemed to be a mistake as the no one around us ordered sushi. We ordered about four rolls. One of the (some sort of spicy shrimp roll) was so inedible we each spit out the bite we tried. It was oddly crunchy and almost bitter, not spicy. Truly gross. The stuffed jalapeños with cream cheese and crab were very good but not good enough to make me go back.If I could rate this place solely on the food it would be five stars, hands down without a doubt. 
It was the BEST sushi I have had in New Orleans-It was amazing.  The rolls were truly original and they were so delicious.  
However, I have to give Origami just three stars because the whole experience was prettty terrible.  I know it was opening night, but, like I said the experience was so bad I really can't cut them any slack.  After sitting at our table and waiting for 20 minutes without anyone approaching us, I finally had to stand up and go get menus myself.  We were NEVER waited on. After waiting for 30 minutes we had to flag down the waitress multiple times to get her to come over to the table.  We only ordered two special rolls (again-they really were incredible). After WAITING AN HOUR, the waitress brought over one roll- the wrong roll!! Ugh. Finally, one of the rolls came out and thirty minutes later the second roll came out.  We were there for about TWO HOURS.  We never even got water! :-( 
Origami, the food was so so yummy.  Please work on the wait staff situation so I can come back and enjoy my experience.Their hours are merely a suggestion.  On Saturday 08/06/16 they decided to close their kitchen over an hour before their posted closing time of 11:00pm!  My wife was dining in at their location and she tried to order me a take-out order while still seated at 10:00pm (again, their posted closing time is 11pm).  They said that their kitchen closed early and she could not order my take out.  No warning was given that they were closing early, so my wife did not know that her order was going to be refused.
I will not be visiting this location anymore (and my wife and I are semi-regular customers).  If you cannot be honest with your hours, or at least warn dining patrons that you are closing early with a "last call" announcement, then you do not deserve my money or my business.  I will go to Kyoto in the future.Origami is my go to spot. Is rather my husband take me here vs a fine dining. I know I'll be serve well and honestly.A very pleasant experience!  I was very hesitant to try this place because of the previous reviews, but this place is literally 2 minutes away from my school so what the hay! Why not?!  Upon walking in the door, my eyes were immediately drawn to the big round lights hanging from the ceiling.  They literally look like balls with cut paper hanging around them!  They're very different, but pretty cool I have to add.  The restaurant has nice decor and a very chill atmosphere.  Very spacious too!  My friend and I came around 5 pm on a weekday so the restaurant was pretty much empty when we came.  The waittress was very sweet and benevolent and the service was spot on!  I didn't expect any less since we were one of the few people in there. Hahha.  So my advice would be to try this place on a weekday when it's not busy, then your experience would be as delightful as mine!
Now on to the food business.  We ordered the Beef Tataki as our appetizer.  Let me start by saying that this is definitely not your typical beef tataki.  At most Japanese restaurants, beef tataki is thinly sliced beed cooked rare on a bed of onions and ponzu sauce.  Here, it's completely different!  The pieces of beef are larger, but still tender and good.  It's served with lettuce and spinach!  Never seen that before!  The sauce is more of a citrus lime/lemon flavor and it comes with sriracha sauce on the side of course!  We both really enjoyed this dish; it may be different but in a good way!  As for rolls, we decided on three special rolls: the Tiger Roll, Gustav Roll, and Jackpot Roll.  All of them were really good!  The fish was fresh and they really hit the spot.  The Tiger Roll comes with salmon, tuna, whitefish, eel, crunchy, and eel sauce.  Very standard, but good!  The Gustav Roll came with cream cheese, spicy tuna, salmon, mango, and a sweet chili sauce.  I'm not a big fan of cream cheese, so I took it out,  A very refreshing and light roll!  As with anything with mango, YUMMM!  The Jackpot roll was a deep-fried roll with tuna and a couple other things I don't remember. Teehee.  Sorry, long day of school!  It came with eel sauce, spicy mayo, and sriracha.  I was worried I wouldn't like it, because i have tried other fried rolls before that I thought were a bit overwhelming, but this wasn't at all!  The rolls are very good, but not the best I ever had and not enough for me to give 5 stars. Sorry!
Dessert time!  Of course only my galfriend and I would be fat enough to eat all that and STILL have room for dessert!  No meal is complete without something sweet!  Teehee :)  We got our beloved fried cheesecake and mango ice cream (red bean ran out :()  The tempura cheesecake was decadent and fresh!  I lovedddd that the batter was crispy!  Just how I like it!  But the mango ice cream tasted more like melon.  Hrmmm maybe they mixed it up.  Overall, still very satisfying!
I can't wait to come back and try some more of these goodies!This is a lovely restaurant close to Tulane's campus; it is about a 15 minute walk. The sushi rolls were yummy and the cost ran from $5 to $15 per order. I went with a group of 6 so we were able to get a large variety of sushi to share. We had everything from eel, spicy tuna, smoked salmon, crunchy roll, stuffed jalapenos, to shrimp and vegetable tempura. All and all, the bill came out to $13 a person. Also, the sushi chef was extremely friendly. He stopped us right before we left the restaurant and held a brief conversation with us.I've been here twice, both times to get their lunch special. It's $11.95 for a salad, miso soup, and three different rolls of sushi (24 total pieces). It's filling, delicious, and the service is good. This is one of my favorite spots in Nola.I went here for the first time on a whim this week, and was totally impressed. This was the best sushi I have had in New Orleans. The service was very good, although our soups could have come out a little faster. Everyone was exceedingly nice and friendly to us. The food was awesome. We ordered the eggplant-miso appetizer, which was really really good, the fried chicken appetizer, also really good, and the rainbow roll. The tuna sushi was the best I've ever had, I think! Really nice place. The prices weren't bad either. It was a great experience, and I can't wait to go back. This will be my go-to sushi restaurant from now on.Pros: modern decor, new building in an area experiencing a renaissance - props for investing in the local economy.
Cons: similar to other reviewers, service was non-existent.  My wife and I decided to give it a shot last weekend (or at least look at the menu).  We walked in and stood at the hostess stand for literally four minutes before we left.  Many servers walked by - some even made eye contact - buy no one acknowledged we were there.  We started laughing because the other reviews were so true.  We figured that if they treat us this way before they have our order, the rest of the experience would likely be bad.
Hopefully this place will get its act together and we might give it another go.Yummy, cheap sushi! Nice service and good food. Convenient location. But bring a jacket -- it's always freezing in there!I love this place. From the moment i walked in I fell in love. Working here was also a blessing. Sushi is always fresh, seeing everything being made in the back definitely made working/eating here more enjoyable. The chirashi is my all time favorite thing. Fresh fish, seaweed salad, squid salad, rice soup and salad. Definitely worth it. Haven't found a single place in this city that does it like them. Sushi chefs are amazing and funny! Talk to them, they have amazing stories to tell you! I'd say my all time favorite sushi place anywhere in the country. Hamachi is to die for, stuffed jalapeños as well. Special rolls are huge so eat with caution but totally worth it for the pricesHad the worst experience ever in NOLA. The food was great, but we had the waitress from hell. She is a short white woman with pink dyed hair. Took my friend to eat here so she could try sushi. Came in and our waitress threw the menus on our table, treated us like we were stupid, didn't give us chopsticks, never refilled our drinks...oragami is great, just avoid the short white girl with the pink hair!I guess I was lucky to get there early on opening night. The service was great and I can honestly say that the rolls we had were superior to any rolls I have had at other sushi joints. I had the eggplant with miso sauce which was terrific. Now, as the place got slammed I can see why others did not get the service our table recieved. I only saw three wait staff and there was no hostess from what I could see. Things got crazy once the place was full. I have seen this at a few other openings as well in the past. Amanda, the guy that you spoke about that was clearly an employee, staring at everyone was actually the guy that set up the registers. He was there helping the wait staff if/when they had problems ringing things up. He was not an employee. I know because I wondered the same thing and started a conversation with him. I am going to assume either the owner had no idea it would be this busy or some people did not show up. Either way they need to fix the service quickly. I think maybe this is why I make allot of opening nights at new places. They can get very interesting. LOLI am moreso writing this review to counter the bad service reviews from the opening weekend of Origami.  I went last night with a friend and the service was fantastic - we were promptly sat, our drinks arrived quickly and were refilled constantly, the servers checked in on us frequently.    I also liked that they updated us on how long things would take ("your other two rolls will be 5 more minutes, but I wanted to bring what was ready now!"). And most importantly, I saw a true sign of service professionalism when our server didn't bat an eye at our gigantic sushi order (we were having a "LAY OFF ME, I"M STARVING" moment, and will not apologize).  I think that perhaps Origami had a rough take-off regarding service but seem to have ironed out the kinks nicely.  
As for other aspects: I can't believe this place used to be Friar Tucks.  Very spartan-chic interior, with especially amazing light fixtures.  The sushi was extremely good (but not the best in NOLA) - very fresh, very interesting, well assembled, and the rolls are HUGE for the price.  I am serious about the size - even the order of edamame  was giant.  Remember how I said that we were eating our stress/feelings?  Well, we spent the same amount of money that we always do for sushi but ended up staggering out to go fully realize food comas that lasted all night.  With finals coming up.... we'll be back, Origami.  Oh, we WILL be back.  With LOTS of feelings to eat.  Prepare accordingly.After my second visit to Origami I can say I will not go back, very poor service, ridiculously priced cocktails and fake crab in the rolls.  There are just too many fantastic restaurants on Freret and in New Orleans to throw money away at a less than satisfying dinner house. Buyer beware!Had a pleasant experience at Origami last night. As other posters have mentioned, they did a great job renovating dingy Friar Tucks. It is well decorated, with a calming atmosphere. We had great service, and our waiter worked hard to be sure we had everything we wanted, were never short on water etc.
Pretty typical roll prices - $5 for the standard rolls, $10-$15 for the specialties. While that may seem high for specialty rolls, these were huge! We got the Tiger Roll (which was fine) and the Burning Man Roll (which was amazing). There were a lot of other interesting specialty rolls on the menu that I am excited to come back and try.
Really my only issue was that my Special Eel Roll was completely falling apart. 6 of the 8 pieces unravelled as I picked them up, and it was just not very impressive. This isn't the worst thing in the world, but I would expect a sushi restaurant to be able to make a standard roll correctly.
I definitely plan on going back to try the rest of the menu. Its nice to have a new sushi spot in New Orleans.in being allergic to fish (not shellfish) I had never had sushi until 2 years ago when I took a chance on one of their avocado rolls. I've gotten more adventurous and have never had a problem. they even make the lobster roll for me with out imitation crab. I recommend the poboy roll and the shigure appetizer for any fish allergies!! their soft shell crab specials & oysters shooters are also fantastic! perfect rice, crisp fresh ingredients, great presentation & a beautiful atmosphere! perfection all around!!Okay, I get it, it's opening night. But my experience here tonight was, without a doubt, the worst restaurant experience I've ever had.
We got there around 6:45, and waited at the podium to be seated. There was no host in sight, but there was someone (who was clearly an employee) standing at the back of the restaurant and staring at everyone. Um, ok. We were seated after a few minutes wait, and we were stuck in a small room behind a wall. 
We waited at least 15 minutes for them to bring menus over. Once we determined what we wanted, we had been waiting at least 25-30 minutes. The waitress had been in and out of our little room multiple times, completely ignoring us each time. She finally came over and, not looking up at all, grabbed the menus and our sushi order. I had to stop her from leaving in order to ask for water, a bottle of saki, and some edamame. 
She appeared to have heard me and yet we waited AN HOUR and we had gotten two out of our three waters, the waitress had not checked in on us, and we had gotten neither our appetizer/sake or our entrees. We checked with another table in our room who weren't even lucky enough to get water yet, and they said that they had been waiting about an hour, and they had been there before us.
We complained to the manager, and to more than one waiter/waitress. They did...absolutely nothing. Did not even acknowledge us. We walked out so angry and hungry that I desperately wanted to be snarky when the owner/manager said "Thanks" to us on our way out.
We drove straight to Ninja and satisfied our sushi craving within 20 minutes. I could have swam to Japan, married a Japanese guy, brought him back to America, and asked him to make us sushi before this place would have given us food.
Absolutely ridiculous, and the whole staff was completely unapologetic about our experience. I'm extremely disappointed, and probably won't be going back any time soon (or at least until they learn to train their waitstaff).Usually a huge fan of this establishment.  Maybe it's their intricate specialty rolls or the nostalgia of being back at my old stomping grounds, but tonight's dinner was worse than the morning after a night out at tucks.  The sashimi dinner was with out a doubt the worst I've had in the city.  Very disappointed considering the pictures all look so good.  
I give the one star for our waiter who was tonight's only redeeming quality, otherwise a total washI am SO glad that I waited for Origami to get settled in before I tried it.
On the night that we went it wasn't crowded at all and the service was great! We were seated at a booth and after looking over the menu, we decided to order the salmon sashimi, the tiger roll and the margarita roll.
The salmon sashimi was really fresh and cut thick. This might sound silly, but I liked that it was cut into an even number of pieces so that each person gets their fair share. The margarita roll was excellent was reminiscent of the margarita rolls I had had at other sushi places. By far the star of the meal was the tiger roll. I can't find a menu, so I can't find the exact ingredients, but it was SO GOOD.  Like... so good I might order two the next time I go. I could have eaten the entire thing on my own!
Origami is a little more expensive than other sushi places, but the atmosphere and service was great and the food was excellent. I will definitely be back!I have eaten here several times over the years, but I don't think I'll be coming back. It took us 30 minutes to get seated. While we waited at the bar, we tried ordering drinks but the bartender was helping someone else, for over 10 minutes. He then informed us that they were out of clear tequila, so our margaritas were oddly oaky, not good, as they have been in the past.  The Mango Marg, which he told us would taste poor, was better than the regular one. 
Finally we were seated in a booth, not outside as we requested. Yet, we saw another party get seated outside 10 minutes later. It took 20 minutes for anyone to notice us. We ended up flagging down the hostess to put the order in. Finally, after about an hour, our official server gave us water. It then took another 30 minutes for our food to arrive.  We are not the only group tonight that experienced an abnormal wait time.  Our hostess literally had to act as our server, due to how understaffed Origami was.  Then, when our check came, they billed our party incorrectly  
If you are looking for good sushi, and decent service, try Ninja instead.The rolls are delicious, not too huge and not too greasy~ I order different rolls every-time I go there, but there are still many palatable rolls that I didn't try~ I also tried udon noodles, the soup of the noodle is fantastic!
The place is a bit difficult to find without Google map.
The waiter is so nice, and all of the staffs are friendly. I always go there with my friends recently~Very solid sushi joint. Owner is friendly (maybe too friendly), service is fast, and free poke salad at the sushi bar! Good neighborhood sushi joint.Waiting 45 minutes to and hour for two salmon Teriyaki dinners in an empty restaurant at 4 on a Monday. When I called to speak to the manager once home, the lady argued and yelled at me. I got to the point of saying I just want my money back to which she started yelling at me in her native tongue. After a minute, she told me to bring back the food and she would give me my money back. 
   When my boy friend and I got there, the place was nice and beautifully decorated. We were greeted at the door and asked to wait while the manager was told of our presence. They lady swooped out of the kitchen snatched the bag in my hand almost taking my fingers with it. She threw it away in the most dramatic gesture I have ever seen then told us,
"Don't ever come here again!"
Don't worry, we won't. Neither should you.I can't believe the way I was treated at this place. I asked the bartender to ask the sushi bar to change my order from a  white rice roll to a Brown rice roll. The sushi chef said "no, I already started." So I walked over to the bar...literally there was nothing on the white rice roll except for cucumber. I asked, "could you at least make the second one with Brown rice?" He insisted that he had already started as if I'm not looking directly at the bar. When I attempted to ask him why he couldn't change it, he called for the bartender and gestured him to talk to me with his hands as to dismiss me entirely. I went back to my seat at the bar. The bar tender was super nice and went to ask him again. He then agreed but it was clear that he was very unhappy about it as he peered over at me several times. I started to feel uncomfortable with him preparing my food and thought about just paying for my soup. I'd just had a wonderful massage down the street at Roputics MASSAGE  (oh GOD, her hands are magic) and was really hungry. Then I see him turn around and pick up his cell phone from the counter shelf behind him. He scrolled through for a second, put his phone back on the second shelf, wiped his hands on his apron and continued to make my sushi rolls bare handed. My stomach turned at that point and I followed my first mind out of there...but not before tipping the bar and making a complaint to the head sushi chef who talked over me and rushed me off. Listen, I know there's no telling what you're eating when eating out but once I see it, it's over. I no longer want it for sure. Bad manners and bad hygiene... ewwww. Never again!This place is literally to die for! The seafood was so fresh and mastered  so well it literally melts in your mouth.an excellent choice for good Japanese food in our city!Kudos!!!I'm in love, and it's not my husband lol... Damn sashimi so good.Origami has such good miso soup! If you are a fan of ginger dressing on your salad then this restaurant also has really yummy ginger dressing. I got the salmon nigiri here as well which was fantastic. My friend had gotten a New Orleans inspired roll with crawfish and he loved it as well.The service here is snail slow and they could care less. The food is average at best and overpriced. As my 4th visit here, I kept hoping it would get better. No such luck. The ambiance is nice, but that's about it. Waiting 40 minutes for sashimi is ridiculous, it's not like they have to cook it ! 
Pathetic!Sushi is mediocre but the miso and pan fried gyoza is delicious. Plus they have coke products which are my favorite.The food here is good, but it's nothing special. The rolls aren't that filling so I always end up ordering more. Nonetheless, I like coming here because it's close to my school so it's convenient to walk here and order rolls with friends. The sushi and noodle plates are definitely not bad but I've had better.This delicious addition to Freret St. Origami is on par with the best sushi restaurants in the city with a modern fresh flair. Service was better than most and the rolls are creative.  Just before posting this review, I read the others.  I think they've worked out some of the kinks others complained about just after opening.  Our server was fantastic, our rolls were amazingly good and everything arrived in a timely manner.  I will be back to continue sampling the unique special rolls category!Awesome lunch specials, I think it was $12 for a bento box with apps, salad, soup, tempura and sashimi! Dinner was much pricier but overall really great!I was quite impressed with the decor here.  The restaurant is extremely clean and very modern looking.  My lady friend and I decided to go for a visit last night after hearing about their tempura banana dish.  We love fried banana dishes so this was right up my ally.
It was a Monday night at 9PM.  So, I wasn't that surprised that the place was fairly empty with just a few people sitting at the bar.  They attended to us reasonably quickly and let us sit wherever we liked.  We ordered two hot green teas and the tempura banana dish.  
The tea was good.  The banana dish arrived beautifully displayed with a small dish of ice cream.  I ordered mango ice cream to go with the banana.  Either the mango flavor was very strange or we actually had lychee ice cream.  I'm not sure.  Either way, the ice cream was good but different tasting. 
The service was good and our tea pot was refilled when it was empty.  For $10 it was a good evening dessert and tea outing.I am an Origami regular. Probably some of the best sushi you will get in New Orleans. I love the noodles and soups. We usually get the soba or the udon with tempura. Very good.I went for the first time ever today and LOVED IT! I got the grilled mackerel dinner plate. I guess nobody really buys that, because the owner and employees were surprised. I enjoyed the food, and also got a free miso soup and red bean ice cream (which they don't sell). But I had a nice conversation with the owner and 2 employees. The service was good and I will for sure be back.I think this place is underrated at 2.5 stars. I would personally give it 3.5 stars if yelp would allow me to but won't go up to 4 because, being from the west coast, I'm accustomed to better sushi than any of NOLA's offerings.
First off, I'd like to say that the decorating staff did an amazing job of covering up the fact that this place used to be Friar Tuck's, one of the frattiest and grossest bars known to mankind. The place looks very clean. Contrary to all the complaints about slow customer service, we were seated almost immediately and our orders were taken and food were brought to us in a very normal time frame. I wouldn't say it was "fast," but it was Saturday around 7:30pm and very busy, and service certainly wasn't slow. Our server came by regularly and someone else, possibly an owner or manager, came by to check on us as well. They're really cleaning up their act. 
I had a Tiger Roll, which I'd definitely recommend, and the miso soup. The food itself was good - nothing I'll be raving about, but very solid and I'd definitely come back to satisfy a sushi craving. My only other complaint was, though it was a specialty roll and quite filling, it was priced at $14 which is a bit much for any roll in my opinion.Poor service and mediocre food. Took way too long to get just one dish while the other one of us gad already gotten food. Very poor management. Won't be returning.Origami is my favorite sushi restaurant in New Orleans.  I love sushi and I've been to a lot of sushi restaurants. The sashimi is top notch and I love the unique flavor of the rice they use for the rolls. Some of my favorite rolls from here are the soft shell crab, burning man and the big easy roll.  The spicy tuna has the perfect spice. Love the noodles and salad too!It's a typical sushi joint in New Orleans so the food is pretty good. The service can be a bit bizarre and slow so I recommend take out. For the area I think they do a really good job and it's party of the Freret St food scene!!Best sushi I had so far. I was on my way back to Austin from Florida so me and my friends decided to stop by New Orleans and found this place. First off customer service is a big deal to me, and coming to this place I experience one of the best customer service at this restaurant. Sushi was very fresh, I was satisfied with the orders that came out. What's even better is that I was able to experience different sushi that wasn't available back home. I will be coming back soon. Thank you guys!Origami is a classic New Orleans sushi joint: slow-paced service, affordable and delicious sushi.  Lots of creative rolls here, and the portions are perfect for making two meals out of a dish.  Three rolls split between two people will be MORE than enough to share.  I have dined in and picked up from here three or four times, and the staff are always extremely friendly and accommodating.  Minus one star because the feel of the restaurant isn't very authentic, but that could just be my lingering haunting memories of Friar Tuck's (the business that once inhabited the building).  :PThis is my favorite standard sushi place.  I live in the hood and the sushi is always fresh, the green tea is always hot and the poke salad is awesome.   Burning man roll is great and the origami roll is surprising as well.  
Love this place!Among the top couple up-scale sushi restaurants, located in the ever improving Freret corridor.  The menu of sushi and sashimi is quite extensive and a bit on the pricey side.
If you are looking for an up-scale option over the beat-nick Mikimodo crowd, Origami is your fold of paper.It's a small, cozy place. Sort of packed. Seemed to be short of waitstaff when I went...
But the server and hostess took care of us and the food our promptly. 
Now, I usually get nigiri/sashimi dishes but the cold weather made me wanna try the udon and some rolls. 
The oyster shooters appetizer was good. Spicy ponzu, I think was not overbearing at all. Yummy, succulent oysters with no sand/shell bits. 
The udon broth was flavorful. It hit the spot for this freezing af weather. 
The fresh yellowtail roll was delicious. Simple ingredients and you could totally tell the fish quality of this place is crazy. I was expecting chopped/mushed yellowtail but origami has it in a nice chunked cut. 
^ that roll alone made me sort of regret not getting nigiri. 
The PO-boy roll was good, but I probably wouldn't order it again. 
You can tell how much the sushi chefs care about their dishes when you see how clean and nicely rolls were presented. I used to work/frequent sushi spots where the chefs would pump out sushi bar dishes with the rice falling out, rolls not being cut, and miscellaneous sauces on the plate.
Def stop by this place.Best sushi I've had thus far in New Orleans. Burning Man roll is fantastic! I found the hot sake to be a little harsh on the finish compared to other varieties I've had, but that's my only complaint. Food and service were great!I used to live right next door to this restaurant when it was the sleaze-O college bar Friar Tucks.  Although I will fondly remember $5 pitchers of beer after work and passed out Tulane students sleeping in my bushes the neighborhood is much improved with the addition of this Sushi Bar.
The name Origami threw me a little bit as I expected my napkin to be meticulously folded into a swan and my doggy bag to a tin foil dragon, but the place was actually really nice.  Everyone working there was Asian, which always instills confidence in the authenticity of the cuisine and as with many fine sushi restaurants, the fresh fish was displayed in a glass case below the chef's station.
The staff was friendly and the server was very helpful.  
My girlfriend and I were starving so when presented with the paper menu and a pencil commonly found in these types of establishments we started checking off rolls and appetizers voraciously.  It didn't help that we were drinking 22 Oz bottles of Ichi Ban.  
By the time the server had arrived we had ordered squid sashimi, ginger green salads, a dynamite roll, and three other varied rolls.  The waiter looked a bit shocked and said "are you sure you want all that?"  Assuring him that we were starving he began bringing each item out as it was prepared.  I knew we were in deep shit when I saw the table of four next to us struggle to finish their 3 rolls that were brought out on these tremendous platters.
The first roll that came out (dynamite I think) was the circumference of a coffee mug and we didn't even attempt to finish it.  When the waiter brought each additional roll we sent him to box up every previous roll that we couldn't finish. 
He never complained and remained professional about the added trips and I tipped him well.  It was easy to tip him well since our bill was so reasonable.  The prices are really, REALLY decent for such a great atmosphere and quality product.
I feasted on Sushi for two days after we visited Origami and thought it was far and away the best sushi in New Orleans--if not the best I have ever had.  Frou, frou sushi purists from New York and San Fran will likely disagree, but if you are an average Joe with a love of sushi don't miss this place.
Bravo.Very reasonably priced lunch menu! All of this food plus miso soup for around $9. The food was very well flavored. The one con is that the service was on the slower side. However, it was a Monday afternoon and not many people working. Would go back againThe scene: dinner with my ladywife and a Yelp bud. The three of us are looking hungry and interested. 
The place: Origami, just a few nights after opening.
The food: Decent. Vicky L. guided us through the menu to some new choices, and I'm glad she did. My wife's noodles were top-notch, A+ noodlies. My maki and sashimi were average, no better than Hoshun or even Sushi Brothers. (Long-time Yelp followers will know that I don't love either place right now.) Had I been dining on my own, I would not have been wowed by my usual choices. As a table, we had sashimi, maki, a cooked roll, a salad, and warm noodles. A decent sampling, all things considered. 
The desserts: They deserve their own category. The tempera bananas were startlingly good, with a salty tang balancing out the rich sweet of the 'nana. The green tea ice cream, on the other hand, fell completely flat. It was vanilla ice cream that was colored dark green. 
The price: I felt like we over-paid. To say it was gouging is going a bit far, but I wasn't pleased. I would rather see a smaller portion of sashimi for a lower price than pay $13 for a large serving, for example. The desserts were out of their (price) league. 
The service: Facepalm. From beginning to end, Origami did not have their shit together. When we walked in, the owner or manager (someone quite important) was chatting with another table of customers and ignoring us. No one manned the host stand to seat customers. When we were seated, three different people offered to take our drink orders. I was never quite sure who our server actually was because there was no introduction, no statement of fact. Food came from multiple people when they felt like bringing it. Oh! And the server who bent over into my face to tell me something had really terrible breath. (Not like I breathe roses, but why were you in my face, sir?) 
About halfway through the meal, an older man with an official looking shirt took over our service. Did he hear me mention Yelp? I don't think so, but he seemed quite important and super concerned about our experience. So concerned, in fact, that he bussed our table himself. (Which means yes, the servers ignored the pre-bus situation developing on our table.) 
The conclusion: Do I want to go back? Not really. I'll just pay the same prices for Hoshun in my neighborhood or head out to one of the other more interesting places scattered around the city. If I'm in the neighborhood and it's between Origami and LBC sushi at Tulane, of course I'll go for Origami. But that's a non-choice. 
Accessibility notes: Ramp is on side of building. No braille menu or signage.The sushi gets 5 stars. The service gets -3 stars for being extraordinarily slow. The chef gets -1 star for talking more than doing his job. Therefore overall rating is 1 star. For anyone interested in rice, the rice is excellent.First up, we order the 'Origami appetizer, panko cooked to a nearly charred texture. I tried to remain optimistic (even over my better half's protestation that the texture was like she imagined fried catfood to taste like) but lackluster would be the best I could say. 14 minutes to get two glasses of wine from the bar to my table 3.5 feet away, and things went downhill from there. The middle of the road specialty roll sealed the deal for me. I'm a overly forgiving diner, and I could say I'd try it again, but truth be told  there are far too many sushi restaurants around for me to let both a mediocre roll AND an over ten minute glass of wine sway me back. Disappointing, as we have come to LOVE most all of the restaurants on Freret.I have no idea what the reviewers below were thinking but this was BY FAR the worst sushi and sushi experience we have ever had! For starters, the sake was lukewarm at best. The poke salad was drenched in some sort of sauce with no flavor and the fish was FAR from tender. The fish being raw should not be "chewy". Had the Gustavo roll based on others reviews. Chopped tuna with a ton of rice around it- nothing like the description. And it tasted like dog food. We sent that roll back and the server had the nerve to tell us-after we said the roll was disgusting-well that is the Gustav roll. She did not ask if we wanted anything else to eat or drink and did not come back until we flagged her down for the bill. By the way, it was 5:00 and there were a total of 4 customers in the entire place at the time. 
Overall I give this place 0 stars for food and if I could give a negative for service I would! There are many other sushi places in this city-AVOID ORIGAMI!!!!I'm hesitant to write a review for a place that's so new. But my experience was so lovely, I want to share. if you're going to try out a place, by all means do it on a night when most New Orleanians are glued to TV sets watching football. It's as if you've purchased the place out for the night and are greeted by pleasant servers. The space is spartan in decor.
But, that's not the point. I came for the fish, and boy, was it great. High quality and great variety. I ordered only sashimi; I can't talk about 10-ingredient rolls that are deep fried and sauces masking the flavors of the fish. I know it's raw; if you don't want to eat raw food, then don't brag about how much you love sushi. 
Others did mention the service, and can say, for an empty place and quite a few staff members standing around with nothing to do, my beverages should have arrived much faster. With encouraging the staff to pick up the pace, Origami will be a great place for sushi Uptown.
Finally!This is a nice clean place. We were seated right away and waited minimal time for our sushi to come to the table. The 2 rolls that I ordered were DELICIOUS!! The Black Jack Roll and the Gustav Roll. Will definitely come back here again!I really wanted to like this place and went in with high hopes. We went in for lunch, this being one of the few sushi places that doesn't close from 2:30-5. The service was good, and the waitress did what she could but the food did not match the atmosphere. The sashimi was almost 1/2 an inch thick, and lacked any grace. I should not have the bite-off a piece. When I realized that a roll came covered in eel sauce (of which I can't stand) they would not remake it because it was already made. I was told they could remake it but I would be charged for both rolls. All in all I will NOT be going back.I really struggled with deciding whether to give this 2 stars or 1.  In a nutshell: the food here was good.  Not great, but good.  However, the service quite possibly was the worst I have ever experienced.
Went here with my husband, brother, and brother's girlfriend.  Full disclosure: it was Mardi Gras evening which meant that many restaurants were closed for the holiday, however this one was not.  That said, the restaurant was less than half full and we called ahead to inquire as to the kitchen wait-time.  We were told it would only be 30 minutes.
We were seated promptly and ordered a mix of sushi and appetizers.  It was obvious that our waiter struggled with English but my husband speaks Japanese and was able to get our point across.  I ordered an appetizer as an entree (as there weren't many vegetarian options) and he confirmed that it would come out with the entrees rather than beforehand.
20 minutes later, my entree arrived as an appetizer.  Meanwhile, the edamame we ordered was nowhere to be found.  The sushi came shortly thereafter, but my husband's chicken yaki soba was missing.  After politely waiting for his to come for 5-10 minutes (it's not like our sushi was getting cold) and being unable to find our waiter, we asked a different waitress where the yaki soba was.  She told us it was coming out "soon."  In that time we also noticed our waiter in a confrontation with another table about what they were alleging was a double charge on their credit card.
Also during this time we were out of water.  We asked the available waitress (since our waiter was very much preoccupied and not attentive) for water but then she disappeared.  Finally, our waiter came over and gave my brother and his girlfriend water, and then disappeared to refill the pitcher leaving my husband and i with no water for 5-10 more minutes.
In approximately 15 minutes of waiting for my husband's meal, we asked multiple serves multiple times (not just our own) how long it would be.  All we were told was "soon" or "in a few minutes."  FInally, when our frustration became quite obvious, our sheepish waiter admitted that the kitchen had just started cooking it (at this point the rest of us had finished eating) and said, "do you still want it?"  Umm...what else is he going to do?  Not eat dinner?
My husband's yaki soba finally came approximately 30 minutes after the sushi came out, and it was much too hot to eat.  The rest of us ended up watching him eat the piping hot food since we had nothing left to munch on.
The icing on the cake was when the bill came: the waiter had given us a whopping 10% off the yaki soba due to my insisting that it be free (80 cents off is what they gave us instead) but charged us for the edamame that never came.  We had to send the check back.  For the first time in my entire life we left no tip.
When we walked out there was another party leaving, who had had the same server.  We overheard them saying they had chosen to leave cash in the hostess jar rather than for the waiter.  That makes three disgruntled groups of diners (don't forget the party who was double charged) in an hour time period.
It takes a lot for the service to be so bad as to overshadow good food.  But, one star it is.It's not like I really like writing bad reviews, but here goes.  We are tried and true Sake Cafe goers, but decided to try something new.  Bad idea.  The interior is bland and the seats are cold, uninviting, and uncomfortable.  Aside from one other table, we were the only people in the place (another bad sign).  The service was acceptable, but the sushi was seriously sub par.  I mean this when I say.... you can go to any Rouses grocery store and get much better (with much better presentation) sushi than Origami.  That pretty much says it all right there.  Won't be back...Sake Cafe here we come again!The Roll selection is great i've been there numerous times and never had the same thing.   The service staff and chefs are great, the chefs often engage me and ask about my order, and how i liked it and generally are nice people and happy to be there conversing with you and working. 
I love the place i go there at least two times a month.  The meals are delicious and the presentation is always top notch too.  5 stars from me.  I would highly recommend you make a trip to origami.sushi is soooo good. I just moved to NOLA and have been looking for a good sushi spot.. this is it. The pieces are big too! I highly recommend this place.This was a miserable experience. There was hair in my miso soup. Alerted the manager who did nothing about it. Salad dressing was off. Rolls were pretty much all inedible. I mean really really bad. Not fresh and way too much rice.. skoppy. Just a waste of $30. We will never come back here. We eat sushi very often. GO TO ASUKA!What a great new place! The sushi is delicious with beautiful presentation, and brown rice is available for an extra 50 cents. The prices are pretty average for New Orleans sushi places. I'll definitely be back, though I'm sure it'll be full of Tulane girls in no time.Love this spot!! Chef Steve is amazing and you can meet him at the sushi bar. The quality of food is fresh and is probably the best place I've had sushi in Nola. 
Service is prompt and prices are decent. The margarita roll has guacamole on top (I know it sounds weird at first, but the idea is genius), and is one of my favs! 
Parking can be a pain, but I usually don't have any issues finding a spot on the street.I'm visiting from California and don't have a lot of time to write a long review worthy of the extraordinary quality food and service I enjoyed last night at Origami.  I have lived in Japan as well as Hawaii and now California and have honestly never had more delicious or creatively conceived and prepared sushi than I enjoyed at Origami.  My dinner of spring rolls, miso soup, salad and sushi was quite simply superb.  Fresh. Fresh. Fresh. The sushi makers at the sushi bar were really friendly.  All at incredibly reasonably pricing.  Oishii dusu ne!  The décor was definitely Asian, with an eclectic flair.  Very comfortable ambience. Great place.  I vote Five Stars. Thank you, Origami people.Went a few nights ago and had a great experience, but then it was a Sunday eve during the holidays.  As such, we got great service; we were one of like 5 tables.
The story goes the original Kyoto on Prytania family renovated and leased this spot after the delinquent high school bar once here (Friar Tuck's formerly Wit's Inn) finally closed after a fatal shooting in early 2011.  So you have an old building with new blood in a rebounding area full of hamburgers, hot dogs, and cocktails.  Sidling up to sushi is at once refreshing and genius.
The menu and quality are comparable to Kyoto, and while that's good I wasn't exacty expecting that.  Fresh, but standard and priced to market.  No bargains but nothing crazy either.  Will be back -Ok food. I went during lunch.  I've had better Sushi and there are definitely better Sushi restaurants in this city.  Service was slow and okay. Not very attentive. Ok for a quick bite in the neighborhood but I cannot highly recommend this place.Great sushi!! My new favorite place to eat sushi InNote to Origami: if your host can't hear me on the phone, your phone is in the wrong place. 
Note to potential diners: the servers at Origami don't know what MSG is, nor could they tell me if it appeared in any of their food. For people with MSG allergies, that's dangerous. The manager I finally spoke to insisted there was no MSG in the soy sauce, but soy sauce is pretty low on the list of offenders these days. I need to know if the udon dishes are safe, especially if I'm coming to eat the udon with a bud who is allergic to MSG. 
Note to anyone who manages or owns Origami who is reading: I shouldn't have to go through three staffers to get simple answers, nor should I be passed around like a hot potato or subjected to the least informed staff at your prices. Get it together so folks with allergies feel safe patronizing your establishment. You absolutely lost some dinner guests over this one. 
Maybe I'm just grumpy, but I think it's fair to want my friends to have safe dinners and make informed decisions about their food. 
Accessibility notes: Ramp is on side of building. No braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours.If authentic sushi and fresh fish is what you're looking for, this is the place. The uni (sea urchin), oyster shooters, sweet shrimp, etc is always fresh and delicious. I love the modern yet retro atmosphere. If the menu doesn't have what you're craving for, feel free to request something from the sushi chefs. Friendly staff and great service. Origami is my new sushi spot in New Orleans.Best sushi in New Orleans.  I am so glad we decided to check this place out.  
They offer brown rice, soy paper, and cucumber wraps.
Service is always very attentive.
As an appetizer the edamame is good.  I have tried the spicy edamame which basically comes out with a sriracha sauce all over them.  
Highly recommend the burning man and the burning woman roll.
It isn't the cheapest sushi place around, but high quality sushi and worth it.Service is terrible.   im giving up on this place.   They run around like crazy but they're not attentive to you at all. Food is pretty decent and it's a shame they can't be more consistent on better serviceSome of the best sushi in New Orleans for sure. The fish is very fresh and tasty and the atmosphere is attractive and clean. They have some great deals like the sushi dinner and the chirashi. The nigiri is on point - very good rice. The service is good and the prices are about average. Get the poki salad- amazing.Was uptown in the Freret strip for a bike ride and wanted a quick bite to eat. I ordered the poke salad off a recommendation from a fellow Yelp member. The salad was ok but in no way compared to the one I had at the now closed Kyoto. The fish was cut a lot smaller than I would have liked, no large chunks, and the sauce almost had a mayonnaise flavor that I didn't like. Though the poke salad is very filling and very fresh.Yamiyami roll is to die for!! Always impressed by the roll quality every time I visit.Best sashimi I've had in nola, easily. But it's pretty obvious that the reviews for this place either aren't read by the management, or they just don't care: the service is freaking horrible. There was a clump of waitstaff gossiping in the back corner, though it wasn't remotely close to closing, and they did jack to remedy what turned into a total service fiasco. Our waitress was dressed like someone on her way to a Bourbon bachelorette party - everything was hanging out - and she had no idea what was going on. She took 30 minutes to take our order, and 30 minutes after that she arrived with someone else's appetizer, which we returned. She brought one of our two appetizers, noticed our waters were empty, took my sister's request for lemon for her water, and disappeared. The second appetizer arrived, cold, after twenty minutes. One water was refilled by a different waiter - the other three remained empty for the entire evening. She brings us someone else's sushi, we return it. Brings us the first of our rolls, has no idea what they are, so she points at a roll and says it has mango on it. Whatever. She brings us the second round with reasonable alacrity, still doesn't know what she's giving us. The sushi is delicious, though. At the end of the meal, we have no water, my sister got nary a lemon slice, and it takes thirty minutes for the check to arrive.
My impression is this: these people seem to think they're running a Quarter business, and that doesn't fly in Uptown. It doesn't matter how good your food is, if it's expensive and your service is the worst this side of the highway, it's just not going to work out. I'm a service worker myself, and I still couldn't bring myself to tip the waitress - it was that bad. Origami, read your reviews and DO SOMETHING.Today on this day (8/31/16) I went into one of my favorite sushi joints. Well after today it is no longer my favorite joint. The service was horrible and took forever today. On top of that, my friend ordered a 6 dollar Cali roll. He ate one piece and decided he did not like it. He kindly asked to have it replaced for something of the same price and the manager said no. Now keep in mind MY food still did not come yet. After this, the manager went behind the sushi bar and proceeded to talk about me and my two friends right in front of my face. I found this very unprofessional and disrespectful.
Will not be returning back to Origami for quite some time.Eat here on a somewhat regular basis and have never had any complaints. The food is ready in a reasonable time and the specialty rolls are creative and delicious! It can be on the price side, however, the quality of the food is worth it. If you are an adventurous water I highly recommend the Origami roll!Ugh, I broke my rule of not going to a new restaurant until it's been open for a month. But, I was invited by a friend, so I went anyway.
Now, I love my sushi!  I have it at least once a week, so I was excited to see that we were getting one in the Freret neighborhood.  Upon walking in I was impressed by the chic decor, beautiful PAPER light fixtures and open space considering that it used to be Friar Tucks.  My group sat at a booth, but one friend had to sit in a chair at the end.  No big deal except that the chair was still tacky/sticky from newly being painted.  Again, not a big deal.
Now the big deal:
We arrived at 6:45 on a Saturday night.  One waitress took our drink order and actually brought our drinks in a timely manner, but quickly scurried away.  15 minutes later or so, we waved down another waiter who reluctantly took our order after we explained that we had been waiting a while to order.  Fast forward 2 hours later and we never got our food.  The waiters avoided eye contact and 2 older owners (?)/managers (?) half-assedly apologized when we communicated that we had been waiting an hour, then an hour and a half, then 2 hours for our rolls.  Instead of expediting the order to be quickly prepared upon our first alert or offering complementary drinks or apps, we were just left to wait and wait and wait.  We finally just canceled our order.
I've worked in restaurants and made mistakes.  But, when mistakes are made, such as forgetting to turn in an order to the kitchen, you own up to it and make it right.  Don't make excuses like, "we just opened.  we're working on it." after your customers wait 2 hours for raw food.
The Food:  Can't say.  Never got the rolls.  Their special rolls all either had fried food (heavy) or eel sauce (too sweet).  No healthier choices.
Crazy enough, I've heard that Origami is owned by the same person who owns Kyoto on Prytania, which is one of my 2 favorite sushi spots in New Orleans (the other being Sushi Brothers).
Get it together, Origami!!  Train your staff better!  I'm willing to try again after a couple of months, but for now "1 star" stands.I made a Yelp just to write a review about this awful establishment. I went with 4 of my friends and only 1 of us was pleased with our meal. For appetizers, we ordered the ginger salad, miso soup, baby udon noodles, shrimp shumai, and gyoza. The shumai and noodles were decent. The ginger salad had a watered down dressing, and tasted as though the lettuce was dirty. The gyoza was soggy and just overall bad. For our entrees, we ordered a spicy tuna roll, a rainbow roll, chicken yakitori, and 2 salmon avocado rolls. This was the worst sushi I've ever had. My salmon avocado roll tasted like bubblegum. The spicy tuna roll didn't even remotely taste like tuna; we honestly thought it was something else. The rainbow roll wasn't very fresh. The service was decent- we ordered two salmon avocado rolls and at first only one came. It took forever to get a side order of white rice. To conclude- don't waste your time nor money here. There are plenty of other sushi restaurants nearby that are a million times better.Had a sushi date here with my friend K last week. We ordered a specialty roll (I forget the name and can't find the menu online) and three of the more standard rolls. I really wish I had the menu in front of me so I could tell you what they were, but I gotta say that the specialty roll was off the hook. When I go back next, I definitely want to try some of the other ones!
Service was good. Our server checked in with us often enough but not too much.
Overall a pleasant experience with delicious sushi in my tummy.I have a habit of going to Kyoto on Sunday nights, all geared up for gorging on lots of fine piscine flesh.  Problem.  Kyoto is closed on Sundays.  Solution.  Origami.  
I typically eat right at the bar, but I thought Origami's double-wide booth tables were great for arranging several shared plates at a time.  I won't belabor how much I like the squid salad from Kyoto, but Origami's is equal to if not greater than.  (Still runner up to Domenica's octo carpaccio in the cold seafood dish category).  If there were a Creole Creamery next door, this place would dislodge Kyoto from the top of my favorite sushi places slash easy prepackaged date night destinations.  Still, it's yet another place doing good things on Freret, so domo arigato for that, y'all.Great spot! We went on a night when they were slammed, but the waitstaff made sure we were taken of. Had the chirashi and ordered a few specialty rolls. All delicious! Highly recommend.Why Am i forced to pay 20% tips? Why the gratuity is calculated before the tax. I always paid 15% tips for the bill. This is the first time i have to pay 20% tips in low-end restaurant for the lunchDown in New Orleans, sushi is probably not the first thing that comes to mind. But as Yelper Mom and I contemplate a move from our home town to our second home, we decided we should find a few good sushi joints. 
Enter Origami and their cute little spot nestled in the Freret neighborhood. Easy street parking for the most part, but I could totally see it becoming a problem at hours of heavy traffic. 
YM and I walked in and it's a quiet lunch hour so we were seated immediately. Our waitress arrived shortly after that and she was very nice, quiet, but nice. 
I ordered one of their specials called the Sashimi Roll and holy cow. This thing was humongous. I have trouble with carbs and don't eat rice, so I ordered it knowing it wouldn't have rice on it expecting a smaller roll but no. This roll was an absolutely delicious monster. Lots of fresh fish and great flavor - I won't lie that I was a bit upset when I couldn't finish it all! YM ordered the Crispy Rice appetizer and it was larger than either of expected as well. It came with three fried rice cakes that were topped with a different shrimp or crawfish topping on each one and all of them were delish! 
Pleasantly full, we walked out with leftovers and a comfort knowing that if we decide to make New Orleans home, we have a good sushi spot to come to.Yay finally a NON-artery-clogging restaurant on The New Freret! Don't get me wrong, I love Dat Dog, Company Burger, and Midway but sometime's it's nice to stuff something slightly less cheesy in my face. While it isn't my number 1 sushi pick in the city, Origami is definitely a close second. I've heard dirty rumors that the service is shoddy, but I didn't find that to be the case when I went (albeit on a weekday night). Anyway they're a fairly new establishment just getting their bearings straight, so I say cut 'em a little slack and give their tasty sushi a try!Might as well order and pick-up. The food is delicious, but the service is awful. After over 20 minutes of waiting for our server to take our order, we left (and we weren't the only ones to do so).This place is very meh in my opinion. They overdo it on the rice and their specialty rolls. I've had the blackjack roll and a couple others. They just put too much everything. I like my sushi to taste like sushi not some sweet mushy mess.Excellent sushi! Only downside is that the place has a old smell-- like it needs air freshener.  Kind of affects your experience.Lovely sushi restaurant, beautiful modern/clean decor.  The food was great.  We had Burning Man and Big Easy sushi rolls.  Shrimp and veggie tempura  as appetizers and Miso soup.  Everything we ordered was fresh and delicious.  
Service is friendly and attentive. We told them we were eating out before a concert and had to order right away.  The food came out very quickly and we were out in plenty of time.
This is the best sushi place I've found in New Orleans.For a lunch treat in the middle of the day....treat yourself to a good hot meal for a decent price. This is just what I needed to perk up my day.Came here craving a good sushi deal. The lunch special is approx. $11 and comes with Miso soup, salad, and 3 rolls. That's a great deal! I got the spicy tuna, spicy shrimp, and fresh salmon/avocado. All 3 were very tasty. I only wish it came with masago and sesame seeds. I should have asked for some on the side. This meal provided me lunch and dinner, so I was very happy.I never thought this building could get any better the old stomping grounds of tucks. But I was proven wrong. Origami is the cats pajamas. This is by far the best authentic sushi spot in Nola thus far. Finally decided to start yelling just for this place. It's awesome. People are all friendly. Chefs will talk and answer questions. And it's nice to have a modern, clean look to a sushi joint and not a dark, grungy feel. - white fish carpaccio. Burning man. Mystery roll. BoooombThis place has really good lunch specials. I recently met a friend for lunch here and the sushi was okay. It's a decent area with on street parking, which was great. I probably won't be going back anytime soon, because it's kinda out of my way for only decent sushi. But if you're in the area and have sushi in mind, it is certainly a pocket friendly place.My favorite sushi restaurant in New orleans, by far! All of the specialty rolls are so massive and filling. For appetizers i usually get the seaweed salad and the stuffed jalapeños with cream cheese and snow crab....they are sooooo good. As for sushi, you cant go wrong with any of the rolls. I have tried almost every roll on the menu and haven't found a bad one yet!My favorite sushi place in NOLA thus far especially for special rolls. When you take in to account price, freshness, atmosphere, service-- Origami comes out on top in my book. I have been here for lunch and dinner and it is awesome. Lunch they have a super good sushi special where for around the bargain price of $10 you get a salad, miso, and 3 basic rolls. Who can beat that? Always a guaranteed nice lunch. Dinner has been awesome too, they have really really yummy special house rolls and unlike other places you feel like you are definitely getting what you pay for. They also always accommodate requests (like taking cream cheese out of rolls etc.). They even give you warm towels at the begining of your meal, score!Ok sweets the only positive thing I have to say about this place is that they have good baby udon soup. Other that than everything is subpar. The tuna literally told me It was caught 3 weeks ago. So not fresh and like come on ur in New Orleans? Get fresh fish god dammit. I've tried this place a few times but honestly It really upsets me. Sake cafe is just so much better no comparison.My new favorite sushi spot in NOLA. Everything was fresh, staff was awesome and Steve Nguyen's passion for detail really shows when you taste the sushi. He made me a Funky Margarita with spicy tuna and it was stupendous. Fresh homemade guacamole and perfect fish set this roll above the restForgot some of my food. Messed up my order a bit. Wouldn't change the television channel. Really nice service but unfortunately they slipped on their part. Descent rolls.First time in and I am in love!! I got the yakisoba but they let me sub udon because I loooove udon noodles. The sauce was dyanmic and delicious, with a cinnamon undertone. I loved it so much and was surprised because I usually hate cinnamon!! I got the tofu udon and it came with SO MANY veggies t was amazing. They were all well cooked and tender. And the tofu? Soft and delicate with a coating only attributed to marination. 
My partner got the sushi lunch special and it was such a good deal! Not only that, the sushi was incredible. I didn't expect the quality at the prices. I think they have my favorite sushi rice in the city!
Not to mention the service! Our waitress was kind and friendly and informative! When I asked for a bottle of Sapporo she pointed me to it on tap!!Jackpot, Geisha, and Po-Boy rolls are amazing - to die for. Also, their Seafood Yaki Soba is different than usual japanese restaurants in that it had a hint of cayenne pepper that makes it delicious!
I moved out of New Orleans, but still visit Origami every time I Come to see my parents.As a sushi fanatic, this place is absolutely horrendous. If I could burn the entire sushi bar down, I would do it. The fact that a sushi place can serve bad quality fish is beyond me. Yet, tons of people rave about the food here. I don't get it. Anyways, I'll back up my rant with the food I ordered and my experience with it. 
I've only been here once, and it will stay that way. I ordered a yellowtail roll, and eel avocado roll, and a spicy tuna roll. Every roll was terrible. The consistency of the spicy tuna was unlike any place I've had it at, and trust me, that's a lot of places. The eel avocado roll was more of an avocado eel roll. Come on, you're seriously going to skimp? The yellowtail was not edible. So why am I even providing 2 stars versus 1? Well, some of the food was tolerable.
Decent dishes: the poke salad. Huge portion and the sushi was masked by a creamy mayo sauce, which was actually tasty. The gyoza was also edible, so there are your stars origami. 
STAY AWAY.Best sushi in New Orleans! Steve is first class. The sushi is fresh and inventive. Origami is a must every time is come back home to New Orleans!I do not understand how they can include "crab sticks " as a sushi item.  Crab sticks are  "cooked fish" not Sushi which is raw fish.  Very cheap concept.  They did have very good tempura.  Seats at sushi bar very uncomfortable.  The service was excellent.  Sushi chefs are always busy making sushi....no conversation at the Sushi Bar. Chicken Teriyaki was made with squash and zucchini with a strange sauce, not traditional Japanese teriyaki.  HORRIBLE!  Tried 3 times, will not go again.Best sushi uptown. Definitely a little pricey but soo worth it! The rolls are so filling and always super freshThe tiger roll and mystery roll were delicious! One of my new fab spots...This is my favorite sushi place in new orleans! The staff was friendly and the food is just awesome. The tabo special roll, black jack roll and rock and roll roll are the best!I enjoyed my first experience at Origami. My mom and I decided stray from our usual Kyoto to try it out. We were really glad we did. Not sure how the who sushi biz works, but there were rolls that I have had at other places on the menu that I thought were exclusive to those places. Guess they trade recipes or something. Anyway, we shared the cucumber salad which was amazing, got miso soup of course, and we shared the Sara roll which is on the Kyoto menu and the Burning Woman roll which is on the Little Tokyo menu. Both rolls were awesome. I think Origami's version of the Burning Woman is actually better. The pepper tuna on top is soooooo good. We also shared a bottle of sake which was just ok. I will be gracing Origami with my business again and soon I am sure since I work so close to it.Love this restaurant!! Strongly recommend their stuffed shiitake mushroom, beef soba and Philadelphia roll!!! Yummy!!! And great price too!!!Went here for lunch today with a friend who lives close by and eats here a lot. How insanely lucky for us! The head sushi chef guided us through a succession of dishes at his whim, starting with a mini Poke Salad for each of us. I've never liked squid before, but I loved it today.
(Quick note on the ambience: sleek, lacquered traditional Japanese meets modern New Orleans with a few weird tchotchkes. A+).
Next was the Tuna Sandwich, a cute and funny take on the traditional with raw tuna "bread" hugging a generous portion of crab mix, avocado and some type of sauce. Delicious. Then came some Jalapeno Poppers, filled with cream cheese and tuna tartare, and fried lightly in tempura batter--a yummy twist on a classic, and not something you'd expect at a sushi spot. After that, some flavorful miso soup and another two rolls pulled it all together. It was the perfect amount of food, so fresh I felt like I was actually tasting the ocean my tuna swam in.
The chef conversed with us throughout, telling us what he was creating. Service was polite and attentive without being intrusive (dishes bussed promptly, water refilled). I'd definitely recommend a visit.This place was so delicious!  I went there with some friends.  The sushi chefs are awesome.  We ordered some rolls with and without fish along with many appetizers.  The vegetarian options are awesome!  Love this place.This sushi is amazing. I am from Los Angeles where I am used to very good sushi and I can't tell the difference from this spot. For sushi, the prices are very modest. I would recommend the Tuna Poke salad. It is as good as it gets.Since my review of Origami, I've found out some more information about the link of Kyoto and Origami, which is miniscule.  What I understand is that a former partner in Kyoto, who left the partnership years ago has opened Origami.  So, I'm happy to hear that my fav sushi place, Kyoto, is not to blame for my dreadful experience at Origami.I'm hoping that my experience was because we were too eager to see some sushi standoff between another local place and here prove that the one within walking distance would be better. It probably doesn't help that we had gone in during their first month of operation, but that shouldn't be an excuse for any new place, it should be the exception for why it stood out as extraordinary. Sadly, it was just ordinary. 
After what seemed a long ordeal to get drinks and appetizers, ordering sushi as a vegetarian was somewhat embarrassing for myself as well as our server. She was perplexed at my request to build my own roll because their vegan options were not what I had hoped for. When I decided to settle and order their veggie roll with one thing substituted, she came back to tell me the sushi chef was kinda bothered and confused and then charged me an additional fee for the switch (really, because my slice of mango was so unusual and your asparagus cost so much less?) 
My friends said they enjoyed their fish rolls but probably wouldn't go back just because the slow service, attitude and lack-of New Orleans charm cancelled out any piece of sushi that they liked. Looks like we'll continue our trek down to the other local Japanese favorite.This is one of our favorite sushi spots.  The food is always good.  Rice krispy and tuna sandwich are must try items.  The service, however reminds me of football players that look good during training but choke under pressure.  Go here on a busy night and you'll understand.  Our most recent trip though was great.  Our server Twee?  Tui?  was extremely attentive and fun.  In addition to being friendly, funny and on point, she went to bar tending school where she learned a red snapper, kamikaze, long island ice tea.......you get the picture.  So not only can she recommend a dinner item, but she can get you tipsy at the same time.  I think I may be in love.  Don't tell my wife..Service was pretty subpar, aside from consistent water refills from the greeter. We were essentially acknowledged at the beginning, when we got our food, and well after we were ready for our check. After being dissatisfied with what I ordered I decided to send it back, an extreme rarity in my life. I was charged for said item, which while not entirely surprising, definitely did not add to the experience I had. The second meal, the beef soba, I got was far better and is the only reason the restaurant receives an additional star.I've been to Origami a few times and have officially come to the conclusion that Origami is decent sushi at slightly high prices. The atmosphere is pretty nice, the menu is large, but I've just never been wow'ed by anything I've gotten.
The last time I visited I ordered a miso soup (simple and always tasty) and a Rock and Roll roll ($7.95). The roll was good but also didn't have much flavor. I know I could have ordered one of their signature rolls but there weren't any that really jumped out of me and they seemed expensive. I came with a group of 8 and we ordered a variety of different dishes. A friend of mine ordered the special veggie roll, which was a vegetable roll with guacamole on top. She thought it was okay but said that they put too much guacamole and it was overpowering. Another friend ordered the salmon teriyaki dinner, which was a large portion and came with a soup and a salad. My other friends ordered noodle dishes and other sushi rolls. The noodle dishes were okay but didn't have a lot of flavor and the rolls were pretty good but also basic. Our waiter was friendly but seemed a little overwhelmed by the group (there were 8 of us). All in all it was an enjoyable evening but I'm not rushing back. There are other better sushi places in New Orleans.
Food -- 3.5 stars
Price -- 3 stars
Service -- 3.5 stars
Atmosphere -- 4 starsOrigami is in my top 2 places to get sushi in this city. In fact, I like it so much, I don't really even want to tell you about it. My only regret is that I don't get down to Freret Street nearly enough to visit every time I want sushi. I originally went when it was newer and was suggested to go by word of mouth. They seemed to have some service issues when they first opened but all seems to have been resolved and I've had nothing but glowing and happy experiences here ever since. 
The ambiance is super nice and clean. It's nicer looking than most sushi places but not trendy-looking and still perfectly casual. The sushi chefs seems to be really accommodating for custom sushi arrangements or special requests. The sushi quality is consistently great. The owner also seems to be there a lot and you can tell it makes a big difference service-wise. Everyone is super friendly and the sushi chefs are always big on keeping their customers at the sushi bar entertained and happy during peak dining hours. Everyone is sort of just "happy looking" when they eat here. I can't explain it exactly. This place just always seems to have a really great vibe going. It's perfect for a group or date night followed by a stroll down Freret Street.
The Poke Salad is a unique staple on this menu. You will also notice in the pictures section that there are a few unique speciality rolls like the Funky Margarita Roll.  The Tiger Roll is probably my favorite so far but there are still plenty of other things I want to try from this place still, like their Salmon Carpaccio, and I keep seeing people getting these giant custom chirashi sushi spreads that look fantastic! So I really need to go back and ask about that stuff so I can write an update soon on my newer and more daring experiences.This is at average or slightly below average sushi, very common in Nola since it isn't a city known for their sushi. I thought the best thing l they had was the karaage (Japanese fried chicken). The udon soup was below average, so was the sushi rolls. So in conclusion, food is below average to me, but for most people in Nola, they would consider it average I guess. 
My only gripe was that we were pretty much encouraged to leave half an hour before they were closing. We arrived at around 8:45 pm and a weeknight and at 9:30, we were told we the kitchen was closed; therefore we couldn't order tempura ice cream. Okay, not a huge deal, but you guys couldn't tell us that you're closing the kitchen half an hour early today when we arrived or something? (Note that their hours of operation states that they close at 10 pm on a Wednesday, which was when we went to this establishment). Also, we had to ask for all of our refills.. I guess you can conclude what kind of service we got..Loved this Japanese restaurant. Food was just what we were looking for. Excellently prepared with perfect seasoning. Very friendly, attentive service. Nice calm ambience. Eggplant dengaku to die for. Likewise beef yakisoba. I'm not a sushi eater but my daughter had Funky Margarita with crawfish and loved it. Has a nice spicy guacamole on top.This is one of only a few authentic Japanese restaurants in New Orleans. I have never had a bad experience.
Make sure you try the Chirashi. Excellent fresh sushi.Sushi rolls are not very good. The grilled mushroom roll was almost inedible. I'm not vegetarian, but it sounded good. It ended up being terrible. The other rolls we tried ranged from eh to just ok. They were all kind of sloppily out together with tons of rice that made some hard to eat in one bite and the fish did not seem to be the freshest.
The atmosphere is fine, but they could use some music. It was oddly quiet. Service was friendly, but a bit slow and inattentive.I am surprised to see so many negative reviews concerning the service at Origami.  I have eaten there 3 times and had excellent service each time.  The first time I went was for lunch with two girlfriends and our three kids.  The waitress was great with our kids and very helpful.  I liked it so much I took my husband for dinner 2 nights later and we ate dinner there last night.  
I really enjoy the specialty rolls I have tried, the Saints Kicker roll, the Tiger roll, and the Jackpot roll.  The standard rolls are very good too.Unbelievable. Never have I smiled more after a bite of food than I did with the origami roll. The surprising deliciousness of that banana is ridiculous. Cooked perfectly and there's no way I could recreate that miraculous flavorThis is a great sushi destination.  My favorite is their stuffed jalapenos.  Wow!  They have it listed as a special of the day but it really should be listed on their appetizers section. And those chandeliers; I couldn't stop looking at them. It's like they were made from feathers. So beautiful.If you are a local, you know what I'm talking about. This is one of the closest things to Kyoto restaurant. The owners son used to work at Kyoto on Prytania and has brought a lot of knowledge with him to origami. At times, staff may be slow but the sushi is nothing but fresh and fabulous.LOVED THIS PLACE.  it is a little odd to walk in and remember when it used to be Tuck's, however, the food is great!  huge portions.  i got the rice crispy, the black jack roll, and the tropical roll.  all were amazing and very large portions.  the spicy tuna in the black jack roll was very delicious.  I have been to a lot of sushi places around town and it is nice to go somewhere where you feel like you really get your moneys worth.Had great miso, sushi rolls, and my dad had a delicious soft shell crab po'boy. Staff was friendly and nice to my kids. I will definitely be back.If you're in the neighborhood and looking for a filling lunch for under $15, this is the spot! Amazing lunch specials served until 3 PM. We were seated quickly, the teriyaki chicken was fantastic and flavorful, and server was attentive.Always delicious, quick, and very kid friendly! Favorite dishes are: Shrimp shumai, burning man roll, baby mama roll and beef yakisobaClean modern decor. Homemade gyoza:) yummy poke salad and that gets extra points because not everybody offers it. Yellowtail AND salmon hamachi kama- impressive. 
Warning- they hide wasabi under the fish in their sushi. Now I know- no more surprises. Theres nothing like a surprise wake up call to the sinus cavity! 
Overall we enjoyed ourselves and I highly recommend if youre in the neighborhood.Just came back from Origami, and I have to say it never fails to disappoint. The rolls are absolutely marvelous. All of the fish is insanely fresh and delicious, and you can not go wrong with any roll you might order. I always order a tiger roll and one new roll to try, and I have yet to be disappointed with a single one of them. The miso is the best in all of New Orleans and the restaurant is such a nice atmosphere as well. Origami, well done.This sushi is awesome we especially love the Margarita roll! The location is great right on Freret. It also always has a table available so is great for a last minute dinner. It's a little pricy and the service is not perfect but always a good choiceThis is my go-to restaurant for sushi. Absolutely the best sushi in the garden district. But, if all the tables are filled service is pretty slow to get waters and get your order in. Once you order, food comes out quick. Sushi is very fresh. Highly recommend the chicken teriyaki plate, it's one of the more expensive things on the menu but you get your money's worth of food. Great place!!!So good. Food didn't take long and came out looking like a masterpiece. Quality ingredients as well. Also- service was decent.I have to be honest sushi is not my first pick of a place to go.  However origami is excellent in everything I tried.  It has changed my thoughts on sushi.  The soft shell crab appetizer, stuffed pepper  to the beef appetizers was great.  I like the rock n roll sushi.  Easy to share items with others at your table.  I like the Japanese beer too.  I highly recommend this restaurant.I would say this place is quite alright among all the other sushi places in New Orleans. I had the yellowtail sashimi and it was quite fishy in my opinion. The rolls were pretty standard as well.A nice sushi spot tucked a little further down Freret. I really loved the atmosphere inside, it was a little unassuming from the outside but the inside was refreshing and light. 
We ordered the edamame and 3 rolls: spicy tuna, salmon and avocado, and vegetable. Each was delicious and the vegetable roll was delightful! It was a little pricey but delicious nonetheless and I'm sure we'll be back.I've been here a handful of times before, and was not impressed. I never got around to reviewing them before last week's visit, and I would have given them 2 stars before. My recent visit, about a week ago, I was really impressed with the service and food, so I'm giving them 3 stars today. 
Their sashimi platter is HUGE, especially at that price. Its made for sharing. Order that, along with a few rolls, you're going to be rolling out of there happy and stuffed. 
Pro-tip: Be discerning about where you sit. If you're claustrophobic, there are a few places that make it miserable. Then there's also the booth that gets all the air-conditioning.When we arrived there was a wait and that was expected. When we were finally seated they sat us at a table for two which is already really small and there were three people. When asked to move tables the hostess gave us a response that maybe something would open up within an hour, but clearly she wasn't up to date became a table for four had just opened up. Finally we were seated at the other table and it took 8 minutes for us to get water. It took another 9 minutes to get the drinks that we ordered. When we asked to hostess to give the bill to our waitress who was behind her, she told us that she was just the hostess and she didn't have the power over that because she it not a waitress and was sort of rude. When the table was cleaned off by the hostess who clearly stated already that I wasn't her job, she spilled soy sauce all over my shirt and pants. She looked at me and gave no response. I have been to origami many times and this is the worst experience that I have had. I think that the hostess makes a big difference in how well your meal goes and today this hostess showed horrific Traits.I LOVE Japanese cuisine and love to give new joints a try. Origami is an above average sushi establishment that I certainly wouldn't mind dining at again. The interior decor was new, clean, and stylish. It was a welcoming environment that has a clear view of the sushi bar and kitchen, both being very clean along with the rest of the restaurant.
The waitress was attentive and knowledgeable of the menu. I kept it traditional with the lunch roll combo which comes with 3 rolls, a miso soup, and a ginger dressed salad. The side salad wasn't my favorite, I've had better for sure. The miso was above average but lacking in tofu and there was no seaweed at all. The rolls were filled and rolled tight and tasted fresh. My only other minor complaint was that I couldn't get tuna avocado rolls yet there is a salmon avocado roll on the menu which was confusing to me since the rolls are made to order. It was odd but I ended up getting spicy tuna rolls instead and they were actually fairly spicy which came to my surprise since I don't find spicy rolls to actually be spicy. Overall great experience, just good luck in attempt to find parking!The tuna sandwich is amazing!
It is tuna on the outside and crab on the inside.
Cant't wait to go back and order ir again!We had a great date night at Origam! ALL of the rolls we got were scrumptious, our waitress was funny, attentive, and relatable, and the ambience was chill. Everything was very clean and the wait staff wore masks properly. Definitely will be backThis is a Japanese-style restaurant and sushi bar.
Food: Your typical selection of Japanese cuisine (sushi, gyoza, ramen, etc). I liked it well enough, but I found the price a little steep for the quality. Nothing really stood out for me. 3 stars
Service: Went there on a lunch date with the girlfriend. It was fairly slow, but so was the service. Not to the point where it was a large issue, but it was noticeable. 2 stars
Facilities: From the outside, it looks like a dumpy old "double shotgun" house conversion. There is a patio, but I don't recall there being outside seating there. The inside is much nicer, with a post-modern wood, steel, and glass feel to it. If I recall, there were paper lanterns hanging inside, which was a nice little touch. Bathrooms were clean. 3 stars
Overall: Run-of-the-mill Japanese restaurant with slightly high prices. 3 starsFound this on Yelp. Had a bunch of rolls. Thought all the seafood was fresher than the average American sushi place. Thought some of their house special rolls were great (sorry, forget which ones). 
The reviewers that mention bad service are accurate. It's just standard inattentive sushi place service -- the people are nice if you can get one to your table.
The LOL moment is when we waited 15 minutes for a bowl of ice cream at the end. You know. Because it's hard to scoop ice cream...Food is ok. Service could be way better.This is in my opinion, one of the best sushi places in the city. The staff is attentive and friendly. The restaurant is comfortable and clean. 
Any roll that you order is fresh and tasty. 
Their tuna sashimi is so yummy! The appetizer comes with 8 pieces. 
The edamame was served hot and delicious. 
Their squid salad is a nice sized portion. It had the perfect amount of ginger. So good!My boyfriend and I thought we would try some place new for value-priced sushi. I love Hoshun and Sake Cafe, but can't afford to go there once a week to satisfy my sushi craving. So, we hopped on Yelp and find a week old establishment, which I was pretty excited about. I love new businesses. 
The atmosphere when I walked in made this typical Thursday night dinner feel more like a swank date night. New and hip.... nice. I wish I could say the excitement carried us through the meal. 
We did have to wait at a bar stool for about 10 minutes to grab a table at this small establishment. A host did tell us to have a seat at the bar while we wait, but the bartender never spoke to us; not "hello", not "would you like a drink?", Nada. He just served the waiters' drinks and had no customers. That's a tough gig for a bartender. I hope he realizes this misstep when he stares at his minuscule tips at the end of the night. 
Our service was barely sufficient. We were sat at a table with no plates, chopsticks or linens. Warm towels were the first thing to get to us from our waitress. Waters and plum wine made it just fine as well. By the time our waitress came back to take our appetizer order, we knew what we wanted for entrees as well. We ordered miso soups and house salads, and she ran away before I could finish our order. She rushed over with the soups, saw our sushi order on a paper, and I had to "WAIT!" her before she ran away again to get my sake order in, which she even wasn't sure came in a bottle. The salad came and we still had not received any plates, saucers, linens, or chopsticks. We had to stop another waitress for chopsticks. Then, the sushi came. She called out the sushi as if the entire plate were for one person. Yet, the two rolls were the only ones we ordered, and were on only one plate. I just said "You can put it in the middle". She ran again, and we had to practically yell at her for plates. Finally, we got plates. After the plates we didn't see our waitress until she brought the check. The place was full at the time, but it was as if she had other matters besides tables to get her attention. The manager asked if we were okay, which we just said "sure." The waitress who gave us our chopsticks picked up our plates after several minutes of us sitting there with the plates empty. She also asked if we received our bill. "No. Not yet". She tried her best to sell us dessert. Not happening. Our waitress brought our check, picked it up, but the chopstick waitress brought it back to be signed. 
The food/drink was like no other, and not in a good way. My unfiltered sake was served in a martini glass. The house salad ginger dressing was oily and not very ginger-y. The miso's tofu chunks were too big and awkward. To me, miso is a delicate soup, not chunky in any way. The two sushi rolls we ordered came with soy paper (FEMA Roll and Big Easy Roll)  which is why we ordered them. I prefer soy paper over the overabundance of rice found at most "value sushi" places. Well, to our surprise, our rolls came with an abundance and rice AND soy paper. There was very little fish/crab/etc in the middle, and loads of rice surrounding. My boyfriend saw my dismay a quarter through the meal, and proceeded with "I know it's disappointing, but just put it in your mouth". After giggling for a good 3 minutes, I did eat more of our rice rolls. But, I'm not happy about it. Nor will we be returning. 
I would much rather have awesome sushi once a month then suffer through another one of these rice-filler and snow crab abundant rolls, bad service, value sushi places again. Sorry Origami, but your food and service do not match your decor. It's time for an upgrade in staffing.Ordinary food. Cold service. The waitress was extremely nice to the table beside us while completely ignoring our table. She came by asking if everything is ok 5 times to the other table while turned pretty cold to us for no reason.Food is not fresh. Staff is not educated on the menu. Way over priced. Felt very sick after I ate here. Host was nice though...will not return.You know you're getting acclimated to New Orleans when you start looking for food outside the indigenous Creole/Cajun genre. I tapped my Japanese-born NOLA friend for sushi advice, and she did not lead me wrong, Origami is amazing! I chose to detour from sushi rolls because the Rice Crispy appetizer sounded too intriguing to pass on, and our server convinced me it was enough for a meal...was it ever! Three cakes of fried sushi rice with crab, crawfish, and shrimp toppings and sauces I could just take a bath in. I helped Yelper Daughter with a piece or two of her rolls and was happy-full but not miserable. Looking back at the menu just now, the FEMA roll alone sounds worth a trip back.This is the best Japanese restaurant since Shogun & former Ichiban.
They are very busy & thus unquestionably fresh.
Their cuts are generous.
They have pleasant servers. Place is clean.
My favorite is their Chirashi.So happy this place is in uptown! A new owner currently bought it and the head sushi chef, Matthew, is great and so accommodating. He definitely knows his fish and takes pride in every piece he makes. He recommended the striped bass and hirame. I actually liked it better than the salmon belly and that's a surprise! I loved the scallop as well. The servers I had were really accommodating and paid attention to when I needed a refill. The outside of the place looks like a home. They definitely aren't at full capacity which is great. There's a lot of room to sit and be far away from others.**Stellar lunch specials**
But first let me remark on the chandeliers that appear to be dripping with swan feathers. Now, I'm sure they are not actual swan feathers, but how gorgeously Josephine Bakeresque! On a similar note, while Origami may not be as disco-sushi- fabulous as Sake Cafe (read: trendy), I like their ambiance a great deal more. It's half way between authentic Japanese minimalism, with a more sleek & modern appeal. The long sushi bar is more inviting and less intimidating than at most Japanese restaurants I've been to, with young, friendly sushi chefs behind them (one female! So awesome). 
On to our meal. There is a lunch menu with reasonable prices for Bento boxes and sushi/sashimi plates. I got three vegetarian rolls (choose from avocado, cucumber and asparagus) for 11.95 which included soup *and* salad. Everything was fresh, flavorful and the sushi chef arranged my wasabi in a leaf and carrots in the shape of blossoms. How lovely can you get? Our waitress was as sweet as pie, speedy (much appreciated at crunch, I mean lunch time) and our water glasses were never empty.
Note that there are a fair number of vegetarian options. I look forward to returning regularly. Tofu steak, here's looking at you!I would say the food here is average at best. The tempura has extremely thick breading so they all taste the same, and the rolls were pretty standard (typical Americanized sushi). The soba was decent although the noodles were sorta mush in places.One of my favorite sushi joints in New Orleans! I go every time I'm in town and my parents go at least once a week. 
They have a miso eggplant that is to die for! 
Portions are large and the fish is super fresh, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu!This place had bomb sushi, it was fresh. The staff is also nice and had on mask because of COVID.Best sushi in New Orleans, hands down. But it is NOT true that they take reservations. Get it together, Yelp.I discovered this place a few years ago and I've been going regularly ever since. The food is great. The portions are great. And the staff are always polite.