Came here with a friend. We ordered the crawfish bruschetta, the hibiscus drink, a dirty martini, the flounder and a steak. All of it was wonderful. We took advantage of the nice weather and sat out on the patio. It was lovely with their little heat lamps. Our waiter was great too. It was a $110 for the two of us with all of that but it was worth it.We were staying in the French Quarter, it was pouring rain and the hotel restaurant menu didn't look so great. Using Google maps, we found this place right across the street and it was like a gift from heaven. It's a small wine bistro type place, great service, great food and great atmosphere. Our one regret is that we don't live here to come more often.Highlight of our visit! The crab cakes and lamb chops were our favorite. Also, get the champagne with the edible hibiscus flower. It's delectable. If there's room, eat at the bar with Charlotte. She's a peach!!Great lol wine bar find. Good wine selection. Catch it after a nice dinner in the quarter.Dinner was near perfection. Awesome pepper crusted prime filet mignon, cooked perfectly, with blue cheese melting on top. Wine suggestion was awesome. Bread was fresh out of oven with homemade butter. Had a bowl of seafood gumbo to start, nice dark base to it... And after a bit of their homemade hot sauce was added, was one of my favorite gumbos to date. Small place with great energy. I'll definitely be back.My favorite restaurant in the city!  The filet with the buerre blanc sauce is UNREAL!  The lamb is to die for!  The baked brie app is just awesome!  The wine list is really good too.  It is one of the few restaurants with a really good Pinot Noir selection.  The ambiance is intimate and romantic and the service is wonderful as well!  I could go on and on.Service needs work. DO NOT SIT NEXT TO THE KITCHEN WINDOW. my dini g partner was bobbing and weaving all night because waiters were constantly darting around him. The layout is a lot to be desired. What started out was pleasant enough became. horrifying when flatware from a bus person flew across his table with hardly an apology. 
Food has gone down compared to past visit and the good was overdone. Not on my return list. Too many other choices to waste anyorr time hereGreat as always! Bacon Happy Hour, Pinor Noir and chesse board ( peppadew with honey goat.cheese)A plus. Service superb. Tebecca took really good care of us.  Food was seasoned to perfection. Scallips. Spinach salad  gazpecho.   Cant beat it.  Lovely.Fantastic service, even better wine and cheese. They have freshly baked bread that is to die for. Offer a chocolate cheddar cheese which tastes like chocolate. It is so delicious.My husband and I spent 7 days in New Orleans recently and ate here twice so needless to say we truly enjoyed this charming little spot.  The service and attention to detail were some of the best and the food outstanding, not to mention free BACON during happy hour, no seriously free BACON.  Now I know free bacon sounds weird, quirky and maybe even gross but hey it works!We stopped in for happy hour and shared a bottle of the happy hour white and a bread and cheese board.  Everything was great.  The bar also has an inviting and fun atmosphere that is also not rushed or noisy.  If you like wine, I'd definitely recommend the happy hour here.Top drawer service. Romantic setting in the courtyard and amazingly peaceful that close to Bourbon Street. We had all but given up hope for a decent meal that late on a Sunday evening in the slow season but then..low and behold!!
Gumbo, Medallions of beef where excellent foils for a late evening bite. Wines by the glass selection matched the menu items intelligently. A real stand out was the Oregon Rose from A to Z vineyard.
The server gave great tips on where to go and where to eat in Cajun Country. A real ambassador to New Orleans and Louisiana. We will visit New Orleans again and make sure Orleans Grapevine is a part of the deal.Ron was the best server! After providing great service he did multiple card tricks to our group. Great wine, great service, great happy hour, great atmosphere! Overall, great place to be!!Love their courtyard.  Great wine selection and a fantastic happy hour.Went here for our last night in New Orleans. We sat on the patio. The atmosphere was just right for an intimate dinner. The greenery and fountains made us relaxed and comfortable. 
We had baked Brie as an appetizer with honey and it was absolutely perfect. We ate all of it! For dinner, I ordered the lamb with mashed potatoes and green beans. The lamb was delicious and the mashed potatoes were very good. The green beans were just ok but I didn't have much room for them anyway. I chose the suggested wine pairing for this meal and I think it was a great pairing. 
Our server was very attentive and provided us with great suggestions. Overall, we had a wonderful experience!Went here during my sisters bachelorette party and we all loved it. Adorable decor and many choices for wine. We did not eat here but the food looked great!We were pleasantly surprised to find this spot. We waited a short time to dine in the courtyard, which was lovely & secluded from the crowds on the street. Lights under the table umbrellas and a pretty fountain were a nice touch. We enjoyed the rosemary bacon wrapped scallops and the crab cakes. Both were excellent. Gumbo was pretty good, but not tops. 
The wait staff was excellent. Efficient and friendly, and paid attention to details. We were treated well, though we dined only on appetizers.Came in for a late night bite and had a bunch of lovely small plates. The Brie was delicious as were the BBQ shrimp. The red wine flight was decent but I've had better ones at Whole Foods (of all places).  It's right around the corner from Bourbon street but you wouldn't know it because it was quiet and low-key. Nice little patio out back would be great for when the weather is good.My husband and I stopped here while waiting for a dinner reservation. You never know what to expect just walking into places, but our server was very cheerful, attentive and made sure we were content. The prices were reasonable and the atmosphere was welcoming. It wasn't a stuffy kind of wine bar. It was laid back.
The courtyard is pretty romantic. It was a bit of a cold and drizzly night, but the umbrellas were large and I didn't feel a drop. There were also heaters to keep us warm. 
The baked brie with garlic sauce was great. I wish I could remember what wines we selected. They were the cheaper varieties, but still fantastic. 
We would definitely visit again.Super cute place.  Went for the bread pudding, drank some non-wine drinks.  Definitely a calm location to escape the crazy that is the French Quarter.So I ate here tonight after not being able to find a different place.  Yelp, once again, did not let me down.
I was able to choose a few wines which they let me taste.  My meal began with a fine salad followed with a fantastic entree - the lamb!
While sitting at the bar, I discovered that most of the people that eat here are from the North (or at least tonight).  The mussels came highly recommended and seemed to be the crowd favorite.  I am glad I ordered the lamb.
This place was surprisingly good and the service was good as well.  Thank you Kaitlin!Excellent service. We had a group of nine and they sat us right away and our food was fast and very good. The cheese boards were beautiful. I split some crab cakes and scallops which were very tasty. The house wines were just ok.Was so excited to spend our last night in a beautiful courtyard in the Quarter. Our server barely came to check in with us. The ambiance was lovely and my friend's dinner was yummy, the beef medallions and Caesar. My amberjack amandine was incredibly dry and the veggies were cold. It was so disappointing. Our server never came to ask us how are meal was, and spent all her time with a bunch of business men sitting behind us. She never asked me if I wanted another glass of wine, and if we wanted dessert. Incredibly disappointing and sad that was our last supper in Nola.Rack of lamb all the way! 
We ordered the BBQ shrimp - amaze balls
Mussels - awesome presentation and broth flavor - we definitely had to ask for more bread for dippingGreat food and atmosphere. Accommodating and friendly staff. Happy to have wandered in here on a cold night- very cozy.This place is awesome.  The staff was very nice.  The chef came out to meet us.  I had the lamb and it was real lamb and not mutton like most places try to pass off as lamb because they are being cheap and it was cooked absolutely perfect.  We also had the cheese board appetizer which was filled with interesting and tasty selections made by the chef as well.  I will be going back as soon as possible.This place is one of our favorite memories in NOLA. We were looking for a cozy more romantic place away from Bourbon Street. This place delivered. Our waitress had a fantastic personality (I wish I could remember her name) Her recommendations where spot on. We started with a bottle of wine off their $25 list it was perfection! We then shared the chef's cheese plate, it was just the right amount of variety.  Our entrees were great as well.
This turned into a special date night just off of bourbon street. 
I can' wait to eat hear again! When your in NOLA, if you enjoy a nice wine bar/bistro, this place will not disappoint!We had an amazing time here during happy hour. We relaxed in the pretty courtyard, enjoying flights of wine, sharing appetizers, and the cheese board. Everything was delicious, the ambiance was chill and classy but not pretentious. Good service, too. Great little place.Great food, great service and warm, inviting ambiance.  Shout out to Carrie Anne for making our dining experience special.Yes as good as it gets!!! great food great service great ambientThey are now measuring wine by the glass with a little carafe  thing, so disappointing. A little stuffy compared to the past. Still a cool place with great service just could not believe they turned so cheap on the pours of wine.We travel to NOLA every year. This wine bar is cozy and the food is very good. But the best part is Gerald (new manager). We used to visit Gerald every year at Margaritaville but were thrilled to find him at Grapevine. He is conscientious and knowledgeable and treats customers great. Being from the Finger Lakes (wine) region of New York State, we'd love to see some of our wines on the menu (hint, hint)! We look forward to visiting again next year. When you go, ask Ron to play the piano!We stopped in for dinner around 8pm. We missed a happy hour and flights of wine but that's ok. We ordered a pretty fairly priced bottle of merlot and sat in the courtyard. Our waiter, Jason, took our order for a cheese plate as the appetizer. The food runner brought it out without an explanation of the cheeses... the plate looked nice but it was lacking cheese labels. Both of these would've been very helpful for me since I have a tree nut allergy. I tried a dark brown cheese which could've passed for pate(?). LUCKILY, I didn't experience anaphylaxis as I have before with the most minute tree nut ingredients. So I asked Jason about the cheeses, told him about my allergy and he said he couldn't believe the food runner neglected to explain the plate and he asked what he should expect with my potential reaction. I explained that I seemed ok. And I was which was a relief! I stayed away from that cheese...
We continued to enjoy ourselves in the courtyard minus the nut incident until I saw what another table confirmed, was a rat. Yep, it ran like Ratatouille across the courtyard under our table towards the kitchen. Umm, is that normal for your business? 
I put my feet up on the empty chair next to me. We ordered dinner and it was good! I had steak medallions and goat cheese salad. Hubs had a crab cakes and liked them too! Dinner progressed and I saw several roaches. Ok, now I'm pretty grossed out.
I've been to a lot of places but I've yet to see a live rat and cockroaches in a restaurant. So I asked Jason about the dining environment in the French Quarter. He played it off like it was an expected and normal occurrence for the whole FQ to have rats and roaches... I'm only visiting so I don't know if he was pulling our leg or telling us the truth. We are close to the river and the area is old so maybe these rodents are common? 
Jason felt badly about our experience and offered to buy us dessert and coffee. We thanked him and said no thanks since we were ready to leave the courtyard and rodents. I told him I'd be Yelping the experience. He said ok, others would understand about the rodents. Do they? 
The food was good. The ambience was nice. Well, if you read this far, I'm sure you can make an educated decision about whether or not to eat here and in the courtyard.We love love love the Grapevine. First of all, they have an awesome patio. In the midst of busy New Orleans, this is such a respite. Secondly, their wine list is great. Extremely extensive yet it fits every budget. Then, to top it off, their service is awesome. The waitresses make you feel like you have all the time in the world to sit and relax. This has and continues to be one of our go-to stops when we visit the city. Can't wait to back...Great meal, even with the kids in tow. Kitchen made a special kid friendly meal for them. Amazing wine selection..AMAZING!!!! 
My husband and I had stumbled on this gem when we were here in April. At that time we were just looking for a quick bite and saw the little bistro tables outside and gave it a try. Boy were we not disappointed! So when we went back to NOLA this past week we thought we would give it another try! Imagine our surprise to find out they have a BACON yes BACON happy hour and a quaint courtyard! We chose to sit in the courtyard because it was a beautiful night. Our waitress Hannah was amazing! Very knowledgable and friendly without being intrusive! We opted to have 3 appetizers and a dessert instead of dinner. We each also had a flight of wine. What a fantastic way to try different wines! Hannah listened to our preferences and made her suggestions! She was spot on! We chose the boudin which was served with an apple jelly sauce and a grainy mustard for dipping. The boudin was seasoned well and paired well with the accompaniments. The crab cakes were moist and had a delicate crab flavor....not too fishy but the best of the best was the bacon wrapped scallops served over wild rice with a wine reduction....talk about heaven on a fork! I'm not a big fan of scallops but I would eat these EVERY night! You must try them when you go! We closed out our evening with the white chocolate bread budding and french pressed coffee. The bread pudding was decadent! The perfect end to our meal! I can't say enough about this place except we will be back! If you are looking for a relaxed dining experience with fabulous food then this is the place for you!In a week-long vacation, this restaurant was the best out of a long list of staple New Orleans' restaurants (Tujaque's, Napoleon House, Felix's, Galatoire's, Red Fish Grill and Antoine's). The courtyard ambiance, balance and flavor of every dish tried, service and value was extraordinary! Best bread pudding in Nola!  A true gem in the heart of the French Quarter!We visited this place a few years ago and I fell in love with the location and atmosphere but this time we got there too late and couldn't enjoy the food or the drinks. All they offered was bacon and drinks. The staff was not that attentive or friendly. I guess it had a lot to do with them closing soon.I will be back!  Our food, service and atmosphere was great.  Thought we were popping in for  a small bite to eat and a glass of wine but ended up staying a lot longer.  First visit there  and had no complaints.  This will be one of my regular stops when I visit.AM...BI...ANCE!
This place has what it takes to create a chill/romantic atmosphere with some delicious food. A piano player will serenade you as you dine/drink. They make an enticing Moscow Mule! Try it!We were down there for French Quarter Festival and decided to roll in and grab a couple orders of their Steamed Mussels.  BOOM? BAM?  Whatever it was that Emeril used to say deserves to be repeated for this dish.  If you like Mussels, steamed and doused in crab meat, then this dish is for you.  The dish is $15 and is the best value in the Quarter for what you get.  Add a wine flight to that during happy hour, and you have a phenomenal meal that can compete with anyone in the Quarter in quality and outshines everyone with value.
The French Bread is amazing, they serve it with some type of honey butter and absorbs the Mussel broth perfectly.  
Also, they have Bacon Happy Hour....Yes. Bacon.  
This place is a gem in the Quarter and deserves more attention.  Molly has been our server three times and she is a great person and always makes sure that you are having a great experience.  I highly recommend this place and know that you will not be disappointed in the dish recommended or the service.Each year when we visit this beautiful city we pretty much eat our way through it.  We always save one night for dinner here!  You walk through the doors and you forget that you are only a few steps away from Bourbon St.  Feels like a bistro and puts out some very fine sauces accompanying well prepared and great quality food.  The bread the wine and the staff are all fantastic!  Can't wait for our visit in September!No complaints but pricier than expected and probably not worth the overall value.  Friendly service at the bar and an interesting group of patrons (as with most places in the Quarter) including a magician who was doing tricks at the bar.This is a true gem in the French Quarter! It boasts an awesome Happy Hour with FREE bacon...yes I said FREE BACON! The staff is friendly and attentive (we love Stephanie) and the intimate courtyard is amazing! There are lots of local favorites on the menu including Barbecue Shrimp but by far the star for me is the cheese board with rotating selections that are always delicious. I'm also in love with the daily "butters" that accompany complimentary fresh warm French loaves. Half price bottles of house wines during Happy Hour is the icing on the cake!Great atmosphere!  Very friendly waiters!  Loved gumbo of the day but would ask for rice on the side.  Mussels were ok!  Rather them more cooked.  Hub had pork chop and just a little tough.  Would go back!!Delicious food. They had a menu of "small fares" which was perfect for a group of women who want dessert!  Top notch wine and dessert.Everything was EXCELLENT.  The service was amazing.  Ron, our server suggested a wonderful wine which worked with each of our meals.  The trout with crab was perfectly cooked, as was the lamb.  We will return here every time I am I New Orleans.This place is more than wine! Best Lemon Drop in the city ask for sunshine promise you won't be disappointedWe visited this restaurant while walking down Bourbon Street looking for somewhere quiet with a clean restroom to sit down and rest for dinner. It was a truly welcome surprise to happen upon this cozy patio bar to enjoy a steak and a glass of wine. I enjoyed the Brie cheese as an appetizer and a well seasoned filet for my meal with the chocolate mousse for desert. The food was to die for and the service was excellent. I can only give four stars because the server could not split our bill for us. I realize some establishments simply will not do that but the server said it was because of the POS system they had in the restaurant. This created an interesting situation as we were all their on business with separate expense accounts to reconcile. We all had to calculate our own bill down to the tax and obtain extra copies of the detail in order to satisfy our reporting requirements.  All of us were sitting there after a delicious meal with our phone calculators out asking the server what the local restaurant tax was in order to properly calculate our share of the bill. It really left a puzzled and irritated feeling with me.  There has to be a better way to do this, either ring the orders separately somehow, have a manager split the bill afterwards or teach the servers how to do the math themselves for their customers. I'm sad that this is the "finishing touch" on such a wonderful experience. Do better!This restaurant was recommended by my hotel across the street. It may be in the middle of bourbon street but it's miles away in atmosphere. What a wonderful meal enjoyed in the quiet oasis of a terrace. Great food, great Service, great wine list and topped off by wonderful French press coffee. This is one of my new favorite spots when visiting the Crescent city.I love this place. Quaint yet fancy looking.  Great friendly staff, nice courtyard. Excellent drink menu. Piano music and fireplace... the toddy and hot buttered rum were perfect to warm me up!We were looking for a quick bite to eat before heading to one of those ghost tours and stumbled upon Orleans Grapevine Wine Bar & Bistro.  We asked to sit in the courtyard and had the whole place all to ourselves, at least for a little bit!  It was really charming - twinkling lights and a fountain set the scene.  Plus our waiter was very attentive and genuinely seemed happy to have people to wait on!  Since we were in a hurry, we shared a cheese plate and an appetizer of scallops.  Everything was delicious and they brought us out some fresh bread with herbed butter.  Love me some herbed butter - and our waiter didn't mind bringing us out more!Loved, loved, loved this delightful little restaurant!  The patio atmosphere is oh so charming, and the food and service were the best we experienced in Nola.  Our server, Bennet, described each dish perfectly and was super helpful with our wine selection.  I know it's close to Bourbon Street, but trust me, it's miles away in spirit.  We had the mussels (don't miss these!!!) as well as the fried green tomato appetizer and the crab cakes.  Three little plates and a shared salad were perfect for two.  Hope this helps...and be sure to GO!!!I came here a few nights ago with two friends. We were in town visiting for the weekend and were looking for a nearby place to dine. We did a quick google search and picked this lovely spot. Our server, Mary Callie, was excellent! She had great suggestions and we all ended up loving our dishes. I am so glad we found this restaurant during our stay!5 words. Wine and bacon happy hour! I stayed across the street from this place and decided to stop in with friends for a quick bottle or two of wine and cheese board. That's when we found out about the bacon happy hour. They do it twice daily from 4-6 and 10-12. Needless to say we came back for the second happy hour! Our waitress recommended the barbecue shrimp (which is a New Orleans style barbecue which is buttery). It was so delicious that we ended up asking for more bread to soak up the amazing sauce!The best meal we had in New Orleans. Not pretentious at all. Quality preparations, fresh ingredients, friendly service. Avoid the tourist traps, and over priced nonsense. Come hereGreat little place off Bourbon street, the court yard was nice and relaxing. Had the Angus Steak with crawfish demy sauce. Loved it.Everything about our dinner here was excellent.  We went during happy hour to have a drink or two before dinner.  They have several drink specials plus free bacon.  It was a gorgeous night so we took advantage of sidewalk seating and enjoyed some people watching with our dinner.  Our server, William, provided great service.  He made great recommendations that we went with and were delighted.  My fiance had the filet, and it may have been the best cut of beef that either of us ever tasted; you barely needed to chew because it was so tender.  I opted for the fish almandine and it was delicious.  The portions are large and we were not able to finish our meals.  They reheated well for lunch the following day.  The price of the meals are reasonable for the quality of the food and the serving size.
Would highly recommend Orleans Grapevine!i love the seafood and creole in new orleans but the boy is quite picky.  this restaurant was a great oasis to the new orleanian food everywhere.  i started with the tomato bisque with feta which was great but really small, only about 1/2 a cup for $8. for dinner we both didn't talk at all, we were too into our food!  i had the filet with the blue cheese sauce - uh, yum, it was so good.  seasoned perfectly and the potatoes and veggies really complemented the meat.  he had the new york steak which he said was excellent.  for dessert i got the peach cobbler as the goat cheese cheesecake had chocolate (boo, no chocolate for me) and the boy had the chocolate hazelnut thing (i think!)  he liked his but the cobbler was just ok.  the service was great, our waitress was super sweet and the owner even came by to wish us a happy new year with her cute dog.  and the malbec i got was fantastic.  definitely would visit here again.Sweet intimate restaurant with amazing food! We had the baked Brie, lamb and crab cakes. Great service! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!This bar is part of the Tropical Isle & Funky Pirate family.
Tropical Isle Bourbon at 721 Bourbon St.
Tropical Isle Original at 600 Bourbon St.
Tropical Isle Bayou Club & Music Bar at 610 Bourbon St.
Little Tropical Isle 435 Bourbon St.
Funky Pirate at 727 Bourbon St.
New Orleans Grapevine at 720 Orleans Ave.I shall call this place Grapevine the Destroyer!  This is our second visit within five years.  The courtyard is awesome.  The food is stellar.  Get the steak with Pepper rub with the Crawfish sauce on the side.  The mussels are da bomb.  Don't forget there is a baked clove of garlic in there.  Highly recommended!
Buy the baked brie with garlic cream sauce and honey butter!  End of story.This place is across the street from the hotel we were staying at so decided to stop in for a late afternoon snack and a couple glasses of wine.  Beautiful restaurant on the inside and in the courtyard.  Really impressive.  Our waitress was very friendly and knew the wine list well. Her recommendations were fantastic.  We also got the cheese plate which was full of goodies and a bowl of mussels which were not only tasty but were presented beautifully.  Really glad we stopped in and will go again if we ever return to NOLA.Went as part of a party of six.  Our waitress was very friendly and our food arrived pretty quickly once we ordered.  I got the Gulf Fish Amandine, which came with veggies and rice.  The fish was a bit light/dry in flavor, but it was good paired with the crab topping.  The veggies were good too.  The rice was my sticking point though, because it was served plain.  Was I supposed to mix it with my veggies, or scrape the topping off my fish to eat with it?  I think it would've been better with gravy, Spanish rice, or furikake.
The restaurant has some courtyard seating, which would probably be pleasant at night or in cooler temperatures.  Also, bacon happy hour?  Genius!  Overall a pretty good spot, just some nitpicking on the food due to the price.This place must be a hidden gem as it wasn't crowded,but it was fabulous.  In fact we will probably return before we leave.  During happy hour they have a cool dice game to pay for the drinks.  We had salads and appetizers and both were very good.  They have an impressive wine list.  Our waiter was very pleasant.  Sitting in the courtyard was a nice way to have a relaxing and delicious dinner.I went there for dinner with a friend. The decor is dark and nothing really all that special. The tables are a bit crowded and definitely not that comfy.  The drink I got was a little heavy handed...It wasn't my favorite drink ever and I was bummed because i really wanted a cocktail.
We got crab cakes for an appetizer. They were ok. The orange slice on the bottom helped the flavor. 
The main entre was unbelievable. I got the stuffed flounder.  The dish had nice presentation and I ate every bite. So good.
That being said, I think the meal was overpriced. For $30 meals.
Two people had: 2 drinks, 1 appetizer 2 meals total = $120 = ridiculous and so not worth it.Just an awesome, cozy little hangout. Perfect for date night or a couples night out. You have to drop in from 4-6 or after 10 for Bacon Happy Hour! Free bacon with your drinks. What a concept!What a great little find... they have bottomless bacon happy hours and the most amazing "goat cheesecake" ... wine flights as well!In a week-long vacation, this restaurant was the best out of a long list of staple New Orleans' restaurants (Tujaque's, Napoleon House, Felix's, Gatoire's, Red Fish Grill and Antoine's). The courtyard ambiance, balance and flavor of every dish tried, service and value was extraordinary! Best bread pudding in Nola!  A true gem in the heart of the French Quarter!Great cocktails, great wine (we had a Frenchman's 75 and a wine mix called "the other" on happy hour that was $5/glass). Our waiter Ron was excellent. We enjoyed sitting in the courtyard. At 6 or 7 it wasn't very busy which was cool, it felt like a nice respite from the walking and crowds of French Quarter.
One warning: the New Orleans barbecue shrimp aren't good. They are shrimps with their heads and tails (extra hard to eat) swimming in a TON of butter with rosemary and sage. Not our idea of a good meal. We loved our crabcakes, though, and we had a really excellent warm brownie tower dessert with strawberries and vanilla ice cream. I would go back here- it's nice to have good service and great booze. It runs a little pricey but it was a nice place with good service and a relaxing experience.Great value for both wine and apps. Service was great... The staff will let you try the wine when stuck in the extensive wine list.  Scallops and Chef's cheese board are highly recommended.I can only speak to the service, great wine and whiskey. My fiancé and I did not eat but enjoyed a great wine and whiskey. The service was exceptional and wish I could remember the waiters name. He was awesome. He have us some great tips for other restaurants which he was spot on and helped pick wines. He was knowledgable and seemed to really enjoy his job which was very refreshing. I have no doubt that the food would be great there, but couldn't make it on our trip. I highly recommend this place when craving some wine and a break from the French Quarter madness.Fantastic courtyard and beautiful food. The Penfolds RWT is way underpriced so go for it! New Orleans shrimp also fantastic!Great servers,  wonderful atmosphere and delicious meals..saffron mussels were amazing!I'm so in love with this lovely establishment. Wonderful service, the best filet and crab cakes and yes please try the chocolate cheeseThis place had so much potential when we saw the inside and decided to sit at the bar! Then we met our bartender...she wasn't friendly and seemed preoccupied with cleaning up for the night. The Brie appetizer was ok, but I wished it had been melted more it was lukewarm at best. We never got to do much more than wait for our bartender to come back before we were ready to go. The $5 happy hour wine helped soften the let down of this place.This is a little gem across from the Bourbon Orleans Hotel. Walked out the door and crossed the street, far enough off Bourbon St to be out of the craziness. Didn't get there in time for the 4-6 or 10-midnight happy hours...wine flights and apple cured bacon. 
They have a very nice wine list and good food. Went in for some small bits ended up overeating. Could have been one of  the best bottles of Pinot Grigio that we drank! I'm blaming it on the alcohol and sticking with that. Food: Hubby had the gumbo, this will be a repeat this vacation. Charred oysters were OK. I've had better in NOLA but these were still good. We split the fish special which was sheepshead( never heard of before) breaded and fried over lump crab. Just for some perspective fish and chips is the only fried fish I eat and maybe once a year. This fish was nicely crispy but the breading overpowered, not a meal I'd repeat. The steaks at the next table look fabulous and left me wanting to switch with them. Dessert: had the ice cream. Small batch, local and Italian. LOVED IT. Gelato meets Haagen dazs. Creamy enough with a great taste!
All said I will return to this little gem. Which we did the next day for drinks and the cheese plate. Some of the best cheese I ever had. The chocolate cheese....happy belly, happy face.Wonderful get-a-way from the craziness on Bourbon Street.  Perfect for a nice dinner where everyone can enjoy each other's company.   Cheese boards and small bites perfect for a lighter meal.  Great wine selection and service.Great opportunity to get off Bourbon St. And enjoy a good glass of wine with a friendly staff. In the interest of full disclosure, will say we went on a mMonday evening at 5 PM, before 'food' is served but cocktails are available as is a cheese platter. Smewhat pricy, one of the cheeses - mango infused, was not a big hit with wifey, but the others were enjoyable. We stayed for nearly 2hrs and never felt pressed to exit, granted the joint was not overflowed, but during our time, an additional 5-7 tables were seated and none seemed to be lacking for attention. Our waiter was not hovering nor was he aloof, a very balanced blend of in between. Total for 2 wine flights (nice sized pours), three generous glasses of a beautiful French pinot, a cheese plate - not huge portion, saffron mussels - wasn't sure of what to expect here but the dish worked, baked Brie with roasted garlic sauce - really tasty combo which could use just a bit more bread with the serving, angus medallions in a marsalla mushroom cream sauce with asiago grit cake and a French mousse with gran marnier cream, $143.It was my husband and I anniversary and had decided to eat here due to a little research. Our server was amazing and the restaurant was beautiful. But the food was not good. The gumbo was tasteless. The BBQ shrimp tasted like water. The saffron mussels were 50/50. The mussels with the basil aioli and bacon by themselves were good. The tomato saffron wasn't pleasant at all. Got the bread pudding and that also was very tasteless. It's dampen our mood for anniversary. We literally called it quits and went home.This used to be my Favorite restaurant in all the world. I seldom visit NOLA without at least on stop... sometimes several, even though that violates the first law.A cute little place, especially if you sit in the courtyard. Mostly quiet and relaxing. Great atmosphere.I love this place!!! Classy, great food, fantastic wine, and the best bartender in NOLA!!! Thanks Ben!!!I've been here a few times and always love.  The garden is so peaceful and pretty.  And the food is amazing! I had a special one time - soft shell crab and it was excellent.  I recently had the key lime pie which was also excellent.  The wait staff are great too.This was a nice little diversion from Bourbon street. It's a tight place and if it's going to rain, it's even smaller as they can't sit people outside. It might be a good idea to make reservations. The wine list is extensive and they had a good mix of options to choose from for meals. We had the white fish (special for the day) and the house cut filet. Both were done well with a light breaking on the white fish and the steak was cooked well to order. The steak was a little light on flavor however might be good for those that really like a light accent to the meat.  We'd go back.Five stars for service and food. Must make reservations. I had crab cakes and my husband had rack of lamb. Delicious.The food here is delicious! Sat at bar and service was good. We started with scallops which were cooked perfect and the BBQ shrimp, which are not the best in Nola but still tasty. I had drum almondine and my friend the pork chop. We loved both! Can't wait to eat there again.Martini was better than average, but the restaurant feels worn out. like an Olive Garden from '95. Food was rancid.  cept the bacon. bacon was on point.This was some of the best food we had while we had in New Orleans. We got the amberjack which had amazing flavor and we also had the sea bass ceviche which I could have everyday. 
The atmosphere was perfect as we ate our delicious food and split a bottle of wine.Needed a quick bite to eat before the New Years festivities , and this was the perfect place . Was seated quickly and served just as fast . Staff was great & so was the food . Ordered the seafood gumbo , and loved it !This wine bar is a nice break from (excessive) beer and alcohol found throughout the French Quarter. Unfortunately, the red wines are room temperature (over 80 degrees in March) but the bartender was happy to chill it for me upon request. Appetizers were small but tasty. The bistro is reasonably priced when compared to hotel bars and restaurants so has no real competition in the area. I will definitely visit again.Another fine small restaurant I have visited in NOLA. The service is excellent and the food outstanding. With all of the restaurant in this city it takes s good one to get my attention. I had the fish and it was well done and the taste just how I expected. Since I haven't stopped in here in a few years it was nice to see how they opened up the outside patio with nice tables and a fountain. Each table had a heater as part of the umbrella and since we were there in January they could provide a comfortable environment for each table. Nice touch. Prices of all the menu items was very competitive and the value of the product was great. Nestled in a small location across from he Bourbon Orleans hotel on Orleans street. You'll have to look close since they don't have any bright signs.We returned to this venue after our last trip to New Orleans because the Bbq shrimp was amazing with a lemongrass Thai inspired twist!
We were so disappointed.
The bbq shrimp was the same shrimp that you can get at any other restaurant in New Orleans but over priced! 
We noticed that every other table around received a complimentary "cup of bacon".We thought it was a special on the menu but come to find out it was actually free when you showed up for happy hour! We didn't receive any! Carrie, our waitress informed us that they did this every day! 
I own a restaurant and love to eat and drink but have never felt so neglected and forgotten! 
Don't waste your time stopping here. Go down the street and get amazing food and service at the French Market restaurant and bar!
The wine selection is nice.Good atmosphere with a nice courtyard patio. Yet, we were told we would be seated in the patio in 10 minutes then pushed back by 10 minutes then pushed back even more. An hour later we are leaving the bar without being seated. 
The salad had 5 forkfuls of lettuce, yet the bread pudding was pretty good. The Sazerac was too bitter and did not have real absinthe.I was walking around bourbon street and i came across this little gem. Be careful because you can walk right pass it. I'm so glad i found it. The atmosphere was nice, cozy and laid back. The service and the food were so good i would have thought it was one of those fine dining places. It was excellent. I hope Chelsea will be there she was the best server i had in a really long time. On my next trip this will be my first stopLOVE the ambience of this place and the garden in the back is romantic and private.  The drink menu includes everything you might want to sip on (including sugarfree luzianne peach tea) and the food menu also appears to have a decent selection (although we didn't get anything to eat).  Would definitely return here if looking for a quiet retreat from bourbon st but don't feel like venturing far.  They did kick us out because although we were ready to stay out, establishments such as these close earlier than bourbon st venues.Wonderful service. Definitely sit in the courtyard - enjoy the lights and water fountain. It's very peaceful back there, an oasis considering where you are. I only went for wine, but they have food too. Big wine list and they also have bottled beer and liquors.Hands down best meal I had in Nola, and trust me I ate a lot. Had the gumbo, saffron mussels, bbq shrimp and white chocolate bread pudding for dessert. All absolutely divine. Best part was the bbq shrimp though in all its butter gloriousness. They give you bags of fresh french bread to soak it all up in and the rest is history. 
Beg you to visit this place if you're looking for top quality food and super friendly staff. Skip the touristy places for this and you won't regret it.I never thought wine & bacon would go together so well. This is another got to go place in NOLA.Great wine selection.  None of that touristy feel that much of the quarter can sometimes embody.  Great, personable staff.  Quiet little escape from the hustle and bustle.  Great cheese plate too!  I'd recommend this hidden neighborhood treasure to anyone!!
ps-  I have been here a number of times.  Several of those, we had Dawn as our server.. SHE IS THE BEST!!I went to dinner here on the recommendation of the concierge of the hotel I was staying at. Being that it was my first night in New Orleans for a conference, I wanted something healthy after all the travel. I ordered the avocado soup which I liked a lot. The only suggestion I would have was to subtract a tad less salt. (That may just be me, because I'm not a fan of salt. I'd rather taste the vegetables.) I also ordered a salad with fried goat cheese which also contained greens and tomatoes. The soup filled me up quite a bit. Plus, they had given me some toasted bread with butter so that probably added to my fullness. I sat in the main part of the restaurant. There was also a patio and bar seating, both of which were filled up. My seat was at a small table for two. The lighting was low in the restaurant which was nice. It was mainly lit up with candle light. My waitress was friendly. All in all, it was a good experience.Best crab cakes ever!!! Ahhmazing! I would go back over and over just for these! I also had the cheese board and a beautiful glass of pinot that the server recommended. Only complaint was about the cheeseboard. There was one of the four that did not belong and the fruit wasn't sweet. Water crackers were just right though for seperating the flavors. I am a fan of this little place and I will go back the next time I am in NOLA and it is warm so that I can enjoy the courtyard which was beautiful. I should take off a star for the cheese board error but I won't because it was super late and they did their best to make us comfortable and give us a nice relaxing experience.The best place to eat in the French Quarter.  Go for a delicious, bistro fare with a Cajun twist, lovely wines, and a nice atmosphere.  Their gumbo is authentic and light, the wines by the glass diverse and interesting (no run of the mill brands here).  Sipping bubbly in the courtyard (heated in the winter) is a great way to wait for a table.  My girlfriends were starved for some real food after too many a fried dinner/breakfast/snack, which seems to be the only thing available at regularly priced restaurants - and we found refuge here.  Yum~Best cheese plate I have ever had. My husband does not drink wine but was happy with the beer selection and the wahoo special.Delicious surf and turf! Tucked away in a corner off bourbon- really nice atmosphere.Went out to the French Quarter for the Barkus parade. My wife started talking to this lady who said "come to my wine bar and have something to eat" ,we said sure. Sat down outside with our dogs.   Johnny came out recommended a cheese plate which was fabulous. Also complementary bacon and toasted French bread.Happy hour is great. Service not so much. Go on the weekends when Kelly is bartending, she is actually amazing. Never been treated so rudely on my second visit by the male bartender. Lamb is great. When seated service was ok, had Robert who was useless and Do NOT SIT IN COURTYARD!! Rat ran over my foot.I don't write many reviews, but felt the need to comment on the dinner my wife and I experienced here. It was quite honestly one of the best meals either of us have ever had. The ambiance in the courtyard is great. The service was excellent from every single person we encountered. And the food.... amazing!!! We took out time for our last night in New Orleans and tried several items. The Oysters Orleans were outstanding, and neither of us are oyster lovers. The gumbo and Caesar salad were next and very good. My wife had the filet for dinner and said it was one of the best steaks she has had in a restaurant. I had the rack of lamb and it was tremendous. Truly a wonderful restaurant and our favorite for the entire trip.This place was recommended to us from a local bar. It is hidden and out of the way and if you were to walk by it you wouldn't give it a second glance.  All that I can say is don't make that mistake. Stop and make this a dinner destination.
Prior to ordering we had a glass of wine and they serve bacon as a free appetizer. We both ordered filet mignon. Mine was rare in hers was medium. Both steaks came out perfectly. You couldn't have asked for a more tender meat that could've been cut with a butter knife. The vegetables that accompanied the meal were properly cooked and were very tender.
If you are ever in New Orleans and walking by this place you need to stop in for an amazing steak at a little out-of-the-way location. Their wine list is also extensive. There wasn't a crowd and it was a perfect opportunity for a peaceful amazing dinnerThis is a little place tucked in off of Orleans Avenue in the French Quarter and was quite a nice find. We had small plates and several wine flights, which were nice to try several different wines that we would not otherwise have had. We had the house cheeseboard, crab cakes, bacon wrapped sea scallops, as well as beef medallions in a marsala sauce. All were quite delicious! it was nice to sit out in the courtyard, and the service was quite attentiveMy friend and I went to Grapevine on our weekend trip to New Orleans. Having arrived early, our drinking fest started earlier than expected. We finished off our bottle of wine at the bed and breakfast so it was time to venture out for some reinforcements! 
We were walking around looking for a place to drink when we saw the menu for the Grapevine on the front door of the restaurant. There wasn't any outside seating in the front area so we nearly missed it but thank goodness we found it. The Assorted Fruit and Cheese Board with Wine tickled our fancies. So we went on in!
The Grapevine has a dark, rustic ambiance. We sat at the bar which was all dark wood. Minimal lighting gave a smooth, personal effect. In the backside of the restaurant, they have a small area for outside seating. Kind of cute if the weather is nice but unfortunately, it was raining so we stayed inside.
The Assorted Fruit and Cheese Board with matching Wine was amazing! We got an assortment of grapes, strawberries, apples and some blueberries with 3 different cheeses to match our wine selection. We both ordered a set of 3 red wines and a set of 3 port wines with our fruit and cheese board.
All the wines were delicious. The port wines were mostly French and the red wines were all from California I believe. In any case, the fruit, cheese, and wine were all a great snack! I would come to the Grapevine again, just for this very platter!Mature wine bar, very professional staff and nice menu....a block or two off Bourbon Street in the French Quarter ~ a welcome break!  Darling courtyard seating also available!Enjoyed a glass of wine at the bar for three consecutive nights.  Nice bartender, knowledgeable, attentive.  The last night we ate a small supper at the bar.  There was a festival in town so everywhere was busy but they were way understaffed for the crowd.Absolutely great I have eaten here for years and love it!! I never have had a bad experience nor any of my friends I have sent here. I always stop here when in New OrleansWe stopped by here to start our night off with some of their delicious Brie and fresh baked bread with a glass of wine. Loved the food and wine, but our server wasn't very friendly and seemed annoyed that we weren't ordering entrees (it was 4pm...), and it took the bar tender over five minutes to stop chatting with co-workers and pour a single glass of wine at an empty bar. Would return for the Brie (it's that good) and deal with the service.So far my wife loved the red snapper dish, I had a tomato basil soup and I totally loved it (i don't like tomato). The service was awesome, and the atmosphere was great. Too bad I didn't know of this place before because I had an unexpected romantic dinner at a nice place.Stellar spot for a glass, flight, or minor julep. The entire staff is very knowledgeable, friendly, and we're very willing to educate us laymans. Sunshine the bartender (coctologist please!) in particular was very talented and charismatic. 
Little pricey but very much worth a visitThis was truly an oasis in the French Quarter.  One block away as noise and chaos.  When we walked in here, we were give the choice of indoor or outdoor seating.  Their courtyard is wonderful!  Our waiter Nick was friendly and efficient.  And the food!  We wanted something light so just had a soup and salad.  Both were excellent but we decided we wanted a bit more and ordered the cheese plate.  It was one of the best we have ever had anywhere.  The server who delivered it described each cheese and even suggested an order in which to eat them.  The whole experience was delightful.Hubby wasn't impressed with his "garden seat" one bit which was very comical to me. I however enjoyed the ambiance. Bacon happy hour was fun but I would have liked to see some more appetizers available. They only had bacon, Brie, and one other item that didn't appeal to me. So we had one drink and left. Server wasn't memorable. It was just OK...nothing to write home about.Great food, excellent service. Bartender made awesome drinks. We all got the fish special, it sounded so delicious. Goat cheese cheesecake to die for. We opted out of a touristy spot to have dinner here and so glad we did. We felt like locals and this was our best meal of the trip.In New Orleans for 5 days and ate here twice! One if the best wine lists in the French Quarter and the Chef is doing some cool things... get the bread pudding!A gem.  First off, Grapevine was easy to get into ON A FRIDAY without a reservation.  This cannot be normal.  Next, nice service, great food,  generous portions, jolly raucous NOLA atmosphere.  
The shrimp remoulade is a standout- big shareable portion, good shrimp, perfectly (eg lightly) coated in a nice horseradish-ey remoulade. And served in a conch shell bowl! Very fun.  Also good gumbo, authentic New Orleans French bread, and great roasted oysters. Yeah, we liked it.  
And reasonably priced.Love this small little place! Just one block away from Bourbon st, this little gem is a great place to have a glass of wine, or a flight of wine to pair with their cheese board, or even have dinner there.
We stopped by this place twice: once after dinner to have a glass of wine and hang out with friends before going to Preservation Hall and once before dinner.
Didn't have a chance to eat here, but I did look around: some of the plates looked yummy, especially the pork chop. One guy sat at the bar by himself and he literally destroyed that piece of pork chop in 10 min!!
The staff is very nice and easy going. The place is small though..'probably wise to give them a call before heading over if u have a group bigger than 6 people.The service REALLY added to the delicious fresh bread with olive butter, wine and dinner, along with suggestions from our waitress and her attentive service...a definite 5 star!Lovely little place we stumbled upon across from our hotel (the also excellent Bourbon Orleans). The older couple who own the place were sitting out front with friends. They had a great wine selection, and yummy food. I had the seafood pasta special with scallops--extremely rich but delicious. Nice atmosphere, including a cute patio. Even the house salad was tasty with blue cheese and pears.Lovely, kind of hidden spot in the French quarter. Great cheese board, devious mussels, very nice attentive staffThis is one of my favorite places to dine at in New Orleans. We've been here multiple times over the years as visitors, and now as locals. We always enjoy great food and atmosphere. We especially love the "Chef's Selection" cheeseboard and their courtyard area. The only issue I've ever taken with Grapevine is their service. It's not consistent. Sometimes we have  fantastic wait service, sometimes it's just so-so. However, I highly recommend this place!ate here last weekend.  they were busy, but our waitress and others were attentive.  
my food was okay.  i had steak medallions.  my boyfriend had a chicken dish wrapped in bacon and he loved it.  there were sweet potatoes on the side and neither of us like sweet potatoes, but these were good.  really good.  
i would like to come back and try other items on the menu and sit in the courtyard.  they were really booked when we got there :( but i would like to go back.This place is great.  It's very quite and low lit for a nice dinner for two, right in the heart of the French Quarter.  Great food, great wine and great service.  How could you go wrong!This is probably one of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans. I always get the oysters and some of there freash bread. The bread goes very nicely with all the juices in the bottom of the dish. They have a really good wine list and listed on the menu are wine pairings for all of there main dishes. My only dislike is the AC, it doesn't work well. When you try to relax and have a nice meal it's hard when your sweating. This it's my only issue with this restaurant. Other then that it's a wonderful place. I would highly recommend it.Went there tonight. All I have to say is the food is great but the service is TERRIBLE!!! I hate complaining, but waiting 50 mins for my food then the order being wrong I had to say something. Only when my bf went to the manager did everything start happening. Only go here if you are ok with an hour wait for small portions of great food.I would say this place is a solid 3.5 / 5 place.  We came here one night during our New Orleans trip, mostly because we wanted wine and this was the closest wine joint to us in the French Quarter. There's a really great happy hour, where bottles of wine are super cheap. In addition, they give you free bacon to nibble on - a fantastic touch. I just can't justify a higher rating though, based purely on cheap bottles of wine and bacon. We ordered the cheese board and salad. The cheese board was interesting ... and the baked Brie was a let down. The salad was just a normal salad. Overall, it's an okay place, but we definitely had some better restaurant / bar experiences during our stay in NOLA.Totally beautiful court yard. We went without a reservation. Lights and a great atmosphere! I had the beef tenderloin which was fabulous. I ordered it medium and would say it was a little rare for medium but it was still great. Our waitress was excellent. My husband ordered rack of lamb- also excellent. Cheese plate to start was to die for and the crab cakes were good too. Good food good evening.Pretty solid place  for dinner. Beef medallions, sea scallops over a bed of wild rice and mushrooms, crab cakes "loaded" with crab meat and the french baguette are to die for. didn't care much for the gumbo as the roux wasn't dark enough and left me wanting something with a little more depth.. everything else was awesome, be prepared as everything was pretty rich except the gumbo.also was pretty pricey but worth it.The food was good also the wine but it was too expensive for what it was. Service ok but not really friendly. 
Disappointing.Expensive for mediocre food, and the place looks like it was decorated with a bunch of stuff from Kirkland's.  I got the crab cakes, which were so substandard that I'm ashamed that they're serving them in New Orleans.  I'll pass on a second visit.Come see Stephanie!!! She's amazing and will take care of you like no other! 
The chef's cheese board is divine and the BBQ shrimp is out of this world. Also, do yourself a favor and get the gumbo you will not be sorry. 
It's such a hidden gem off the beaten path of the Quarter but the happy hour makes it worth finding.Great sauvigning blanc from NZ. The bacon happy hour was a nice surprise and it's a great snack while drinking acidic whites. Sunshine is a great bartender and she took good care of us. I would definitely come back and recommend it to any wine drinkers in the French Quarter.Wow.Wow.What a great find! The food was awesome and the service was just a good. Ron our waiter was not only professional he was also very personable . My husband and I both had steak I had the filet and you could cut it with a butter knife. He had the New York strip and Ron told my husband maybe he should choose another steak, because the strip could be a bit tough. My husband went with it anyhow...Perfect it was. Wine was cold, appetizers were just as good.this place is a must. We may just return tonight for our last evening here. Oh and they have a wine happy hour 4-6 :)This small wine bar is hidden behind the St. Louis Cathedral. It came recommended to us, so we have it a shot on our little weekend away. The space inside and out is very limited. We sat in the courtyard, and while it was a warm night in May, we stayed fairly comfortable. My friend and I each elected for a wine flight, which gave us a few different options before electing for a full glass choice. The service was good - nothing over the top impressive. My only real complaint was the limited space, and the food was good but not great.I'm a fan of Orleans Grapevine. It's one of the nicer quaint little french quarter restaurants, with a small dining room and a lovely courtyard. 
 The food is all really good and when I crave a steak, I often think of theirs. The appetizers are really good as well and the wine menu is great too.
  The service has always been amazing and they are definitely kind to familiar faces.Sunshine was a great smile behind the bar, wine was very good, piano was playing, nice lighting, nice for just a chilling out, the court yard outside is small but cute.Out of 6 nights in New Orleans, we dined there four times!  Outstanding service, outstanding spirits collection, outstanding food, outstanding atmosphere, outstanding value.  Do not miss this eaterie---the best in New Orleans!The outside patio was to die for...the cheese plate we ordered came out and the waitress didn't even go over what cheese was what. We also had the crabcakes which were tasty. The steak and veggies I ordered were okay. The steak had tons of grizzle and fat on it...little meat. During our dinner a drunk person stumbled by us and went up the stairs that were blocked off to the public. He then started to take his clothes off...we were afraid he would fall down the stairs so my friend got an employee to help him. No one thanked us for helping this drunk guy out or apologized for this man staggering in. Kind of odd. 
I think this establishment is gorgeous but they really need a lot of work with their service and food. The bartenders were not friendly at all. Two younger guys that didn't even explain the wines to my friend when she ordered a flight. This is even after we asked them. For a wine bar you would think the staff would be better informed. Also it wasn't even that busy so really no excuse. There was a tv in the background with the LSU/Bama game on...kinda funny but lame. I would not return here.Great wine flights and friendly service. Shine was knowledgeable and entertaining. Great suggestionsGreat hidden gem in the quarter! I am not sure I want to let this cat out of the bag! Walked in on a Saturday night without a reservation and found plenty of open tables! Had the BBQ shrimp and the rack of lamb and they were both fantastic. The service was great to boot! Added to my go to list for sure!Very good! We were staying across the street at the Bourbon Orleans, and on a whim decided to try this restaurant our last night in town. It was very good! We began with drinks - a nice, traditional martini for me and a Sazerac for husband. I started with an enjoyable salad that featured arugula, walnuts, dried cranberries, and fried goat cheese rounds, all dressed with a nice vinaigrette. For my entree I had the portabella mushrooms, which were delicious. Husband had gazpacho for starters, and seared scallops for his entree. They actually brought him the wrong soup first - a potato parmesan. When we told the waitress she brought the gazpacho immediately, and told us she was leaving the potato soup as well (no charge, of course) so we could try it. So we did, and it was very good, too. We couldn't resist splitting an order of bread pudding. It was very light and fluffy, with an irresistible sauce. We practically licked the plate clean. I wish we'd discovered this little jewel of a restaurant our first day here instead of our last!I first came here in April as suggested by the ladies at the New Orleans cooking school. While they talked up all the amazing appetizers, they didn't even mention bacon happy hour - a bonus! So this was our first stop when returning again to New Orleans for the holidays with my son.
We sat at the bar because I wanted to chat with the bartender and maybe some other folks to get an idea of what to do for the holidays in the Big Easy. My son and I shared the baked brie with garlic cream sauce, the bacon wrapped scallops served on rice, and the incredibly tender angus medallions. Super-yummy. I ordered a sazerac and our delightful bartender, Sunshine, set about creating a drink my son (recently 21) would actually LIKE. I've tried all sorts of things, and so has his dad (who owns a bar), and we have had no luck.
Until NOW. 
After talking with my son, she made him a cocktail with lemon vodka, hibiscus syrup, and Sprite. It was a Christmas miracle! ...served with bacon. We plan to return at least once more during our trip for another round.Delicious food and good service. It was conveniently located across the street from my hotel. It's alittle pricy but the food is wonderful.I have never experienced such rude unkind behavior. The entire experience was a bummer! Hateful. Read all the reviews. It's not the NOLA Experience one would want!We found this gem by accident since it was raining and across the road from where we were staying. The bartender was great! Made good drinks, heavy pours not weak! They give you bacon and bread to snack on. And the charbroiled oysters were Ah-mazing!Mellow bar on a Sat night.  Good escape from the heat and the rain to enjoy a nice glass of wineWould love to tell you about the food.
But we didn't get any.
We were literally the only people in the dining area.
Servers were around the bar laughing.
They saw us.
They didn't even bring us water.
Are you kidding me?
After 20 minutes, my super patient BF said "Let's go anywhere other than here".
I told the host on the way out
"Hey, we didn't get ANY service". He did not even blink.
At that point you stop us & say you are sorry & offer to buy us a round of drinks.
I asked someone at out hotel "What is their problem?". He thought it was because we are tourists, they don't want to jump thru hoops for a non returning customer.
I kind of get that..but WHY ARE YOU IN THE TOURISM INDUSTRY??????Visiting New Orleans, we had our taste of Cajun/Creole, but wanted to go for some traditional French as well. Most of the places according to Yelp were very pricey and very formal (one even having a dress code that required a jacket).
This was the closest option we could find that was reasonable and boy were we impressed. It's not cheap but not outrageous either (most entrees in the $20s). 
They had a list of wine specials for $25 by the bottle. I was skeptical, thinking they wanted to get rid of them because they were bad. We tried one and it turned out to be great.
We also had a cheese board which had an interesting assortment to try. The black angus filet was a delicious entree, especially with the garlic potatoes. The filet had a little too much pepper for my liking but it was cooked very well and I was able to scrape some of the pepper off.
What did it for me was the service. Our server was very friendly, knew all about the food, and didn't rush us at all.
If you're looking for formal quality without the stuffiness, try this place.One of the best seafood gumbos I've tasted.  Such quaint place with superb service.  The staff is so friendly, the ambience is A plus.  We ordered the gumbo, scallops, crab cakes and shrimp remoulade.   The hand grenade martini was quite tasty and strong.Charming, intimate setting in the French Quarter. Creative menu, delicious food, friendly and attentive service. Loved everything about it and would have given it five stars ... except the chairs! This sounds like a trivial complaint but seriously, these were the most uncomfortable chairs I've ever encountered in a restaurant! They have this spiral metal back that just digs in to your mid/lower back and it's almost impossible to find a comfortable, relaxed position where you can sit back and enjoy your meal. If I didn't maintain perfect posture I felt like I was getting jabbed in the back as a reminder to sit up straight. I hate taking off a star for something that sounds so minor -- but those damn chairs really compromised my ability to enjoy the experience of the entire meal.Quick service. Bread they give you is fantastic. Vegetables, stuffed flounder, potatoes all were awesome. Wine was a little warm and the steak was way overcooked. Ordered the filet medium and it came out well well done. That was annoying for $32. The seafood was fantastic. Very pricy place. Only bad thing was the steak issue.Lovely little quaint spot right off of Bourbon. Please go here for the bacon happy hour!This place was recommended by our hotel concierge. First night we ordered a few bottles of wine from the happy hour menu and a cheese platter. Our server the first night was very nice and attentive. Two nights later we go again for wine since it's located across the street from our hotel. Molly was our waitress the second time  She was nice and seemed a little overwhelmed but She did recommend the baked Bree and spinach salad which we enjoyed. The one star comes from the three servers that basically kicked my husband and his friend out from the tables out front while they smoked cigars. We had been there two times already and spent a fair amount of money. Yes they were sitting outside and had not ordered yet when the first waitress came out and asked if they needed anything and they replied Nicely not yet. Second waitress came out and rudely told them to order or be gone by the time she got to the door and she waved then away like bums. Third waitress comes out shortly after and tells them to leave or she will call the chef to kick them out!!!! I understand your in the French quarter and you deal with drunk rude people but my husband was not drunk nor rude to these RUDE unhappy waitress. Never have we been treated like this and I hope you take your money else where.Thought I had died and gone to heaven when we found this little gem. Variety cheese platter, bottle of red wine and crispy bacon complimentary appetizer. It was ever bit as wonderful as it sounds.Came here last Thursday.  Started off with some Rose.  Perfect!  We decided to get the BBQ shrimp.  They were huge and the sauce was amazing.  We then had the crab cakes.  They were very crabby and on point.  We also got the fried avocado with blackened crawfish tails.  I thought the fried avocado was weak.  Definitely needed more flavor salt another component of some kind.  The service was great and I am looking forward to going back!Charming, romantic restaurant. The patio is exactly what I was hoping for in New Orleans, enclosed in an area covered with greenery and wrought iron balconies above. The inside is cozy an dimly lit as well. My server, Ben, was friendly and attentive.
I started with the gumbo which was very good. Then they brought me a loaf of French bread with butterscotch butter! A fun surprise. I didn't love the crab cakes.  I liked that they were served on a bed of oranges and spinach but the cakes themselves left a bit to be desired.From a 5 to a 2.   Oysters Earl was a plate of shells and sauce with oysters no larger than a nickel - this was offered as a meal with no side at $26 - we ordered to share as a starter.  Trout was overcooked and was dry as was the crabmeat.  Duck breast salad was superb and mussels were acceptable as was the crab cake even though it had bits of shell.  Desserts were only so so.  It is stressful to take a couple close friends to a disappointing dinner that was anticipated to have been a treat.
As addendum, I prior to posting did call and spoke with Sunshine to no avail."Meh" is exactly right.
Edible, but not great or particularly good food.  Pleasant, talkative, and attentive wait staff.  Not a good wine list for an average restaurant - terrible wine list for a place calling itself a wine bar.  Slightly depressing and tasteless decor (if you find yourself here, sit outside on the sidewalk).  I think this place doesn't know what it wants to be and gets away with it because of the tourist location.  I'm guessing there are some sock puppet reviews here, because this just wasn't better than a 2 star experience.  I just can't see giving it four.  I didn't have the sense that we caught them on an "off night."  We were committed to having a nice time, and we did, but it wasn't due to anything special about the restaurant.Did you say bacon ? Well sign me up! Sit at the bar and munch of some deliciousness as you await your cocktail as you overlook the beauty of Jackson Square. Located on a quieter corner of the raunchy strip is this classy establishment which I'm glad I walked into. I noticed the horse posts outside and as soon as I heard a gentleman say there's bacon at the bar, I sped inside and grabbed a strip and ordered a cocktail. The outside terrace reminds me of a quaint vintage courtyard that great friends, drinks, and food come together in perfect harmony. The service was great and we even made some friends at the bar. They have a midday and a late night happy hour so definitely ask your server/bartender what the specials are. I love the piano inside and the beautiful decor on the walls. The whole place is instagram worthy ! So head on down to the Grapevine and get your bacon and drink on.Crab cakes, shrimp and goat cheesecake were great!
Love their free bacon but service was not at their best.Food was great, service was atrocious. We were there early Saturday night,
Not busy at all and had to on several occasions physically go find out waitress.  One introduced herself as our server then ten minutes the other one explained she was our server yet not relay the message acting as if we were some type of inconvenience.  The menu looked great and after the three of us ordered a bottle of wine and an appetizer, we decided to leave after being ignored for thirty minutes.  We literally got up and left to have dinner at another restaurant and neither waitresses thanked us for coming or told us to have a great night.  First time we've ever walked out of a restaurant because of terrible serviceWe've been here twice so far and both times were fantastic. We ordered the Duck Breast Salad, BBQ Shrimp, and Rack of Lamb on our first visit - all were incredible. The BBQ Shrimp - 4 large shrimp and sauce so good that you need extra bread to clean the bowl. I'm not a lamb fan, however I polished off my half and stole some from my friend!
The next time we went we invited two friends (we're all locals). The appetizer special was Frog Legs... wonderfully executed. We then ordered the same three items as our first visit and added the Gulf Fish Amandine (Mahi Mahi). Again, everything was fabulous and all plates were cleared (we thankfully stopped just short of licking the BBQ Shrimp bowl).
Looking forward to my next visit... I want to try the Warm Goat Cheese Salad, Seared Scallops, and the Double Cut Pork Chop.Stopped in to cool off on a very hot afternoon.  Great happy hour wine and beer prices and the bacon was fantastic!  It was too hot that day to sit on the patio but in nicer weather, it looked inviting. Bar staff was friendly and attentive.A diamond among so many choices!  Ask for Gerald!  We love him and we love returning year after year.  Great food  and wine and GREAT service!The service is splendid, I would give this place 5/5* if it were based solely on that. The food leaves much to be desired. 
We came for the mussels but contrary to the table next to us we thought they were salty, maybe not the most fresh (?) and an odd combination of flavors. 
Everyone around us seemed extremely pleased. Maybe it's us? Good cheese selection and we didn't try the entrees. 
Whoever thought up complementary bacon, though- hats off to you my friend!Awesome! Consistently wonderful & perfectly cooked food! Their chefs should really be applauded. Great bistro atmosphere & wonderful wine. This place always makes us happy :)This place is the highlight of my stay in New Orleans! It was recommended by my boss. Everything about this place is magical. As soon as you are seated, you will be offered an appetizer of free crispy bacon! We sat in the courtyard and enjoyed two bottles of wine for $18 each! Yes! $18! They have a happy hour from 4:00 to 7:00 and from 10:00 to 12:00. The cheese platter we ordered, the gumbo, the oysters were all very tasty. The service was great, genuinely  friendly staff. This place is a must.This place was the highlight of our visit to New Orleans! The wait staff way attentive and friendly. We had the cheese plate and lamb both of which were great! For desert my wife had the bread pudding and they put together a small cheese plate for me to enjoy my cognac.great atmosphere. Kinda pricey but food tasted really really good. We had spinach salad and angus medallions for appetizer. The lamb entree was so tasty, the mashed potato on the side was so flavorful. A must try!Finding a little place like Orleans Grapevine tucked just off Bourbon Street was like finding my own personal little piece of heaven!! A quiet, dark and classy little hideaway in a sea of crazy!
They have an interesting and diverse wine list (by the glass and bottle) and they don't skrimp on the serving sizes! The menu looked amazing although we didn't partake on this occasion and and service is fast and friendly even when the place is so busy you can't even elbow your own way to the bar and the servers are literally running from table to table. 
A lovely place to take a relaxing breather in the big easy.A hidden little gem slightly off the beaten path... Good selection of wines, quality drinks, and unique dishes while still maintaining a NOLA feeling. Sat at the bar and had the daily soup (asparagus and shrimp chowder), the crab cakes (served on grilled oranges), and the spinach salad. Everything tasted great, came out fresh, and was made from scratch. Will visit again next time we are visiting!This place used to be one of the restaurants we would always come back to, back when I lived in New Orleans. Today I came back, satisfied to conclude that the standards have not dropped. I had the rack of lamb. Visual, balance of taste and preparation of vegetables on the side are perfect.
There is a small court yard in the back that will give you that special New Orelans feeling. 
Wine selection is also amongst the best in town.
Definitely worth a visit!This cute little place is right off of Bourbon Street in the French Quarter. Nice, heated outdoor dining patio and great customer service. They were very willing to accomodate my gluten-free needs. They even have gluten-free crab cakes! I also ordered the baked brie. It came with sliced bread, but our server offered rice crackers for me (an extra $2.00). Great experience! Would go again. http://gfreenikibee.blogspot.com/2013/03/orleans-grapevine-wine-bar-bistro.htmlOne of my all time fav local casual eclectic cafes. Amazing amazing amazing! About sums up this hidden off the beaten path gem! The outside patio dimly lit with twinkling lights and old school New Orleans iron patio tables and chairs, serene water fountain, and cool brick wall sets the perfect scene. Prefer inside, the huge dark wood bar with professional bartenders with nice wine selection and tapas makes for a memorable time. Prefer short top, the cozy tabletops offer you privacy unexpectedly. The specials are always what you should try. It's what was selected for the season and freshness by the chef. The staples; also amazing. When in NOLA,  do as the locals, seafood, veal, lamb, vegetables, try something different! Only do chicken if it's fried - duh!Our new favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Great atmosphere, service and amazing food. The preparations are sophisticated with complex flavors. The bread pudding is the best I've ever had. Sorry Aunt Marion. 
There were mostly locals here and we would have never found this spot of heaven without some help from a very knowledgable concierge. 
Our server Carrie Ann made us feel like family and was a pleasure to get to know. top notch!Very good service but food so and so...
Shrimp barbecue was good but the almandine fish was kind of fatty and not flavorful...Great wine and cheese bar in the Quarter! Outside back seating is quiet and intimate with lights and water fountains. Love this place! Cheese plate is delicious! A ton of wines to pick from. Favorite spot in the Quarter!Loved this place. It often takes us a while to figure out where to go wen walking around the French Quarter -- so many choices -- not to mention that I am allergic to lines and often forget to make reservations. Nonetheless, there was no wait here, great atmosphere, and the food was great. I had the Black Angus Filet and it was great. I would go there again in an instant!Meh. This place was better last year. The service was friendlier, the prices were lower, and the happy hour bacon was crispier.
In just a few short months, Orleans Grapevine went from a "yes" to a "er...what are my other options?"  
Also, we arrived at 4:30 and the courtyard was closed for a group arriving at...6.Nice place, but be careful with who's working! Awesome wine, good fresh hot bread with garlic spread, fresh salad, happy hour is a must, & the baked Brie is to die for! After a great first experience, the second time back our server was okay, but the third experience my husband was very offended & rudely treated! He sat outside to smoke a cigar & was told he had to leave or they would kick him out, after spending plenty of money for 2 days, & 6 bottles of wine to-go! I can understand the policy, but politely stated would be the proper way to go! Too bad our last experience in NOLA ended with a negative impression. Proper management should step in.Man we loved this place!
Stopped off on our first night in NOLA for an appetizer and some drinks, and I am so so happy we decided upon this spot!
We started with a couple of IPAs and glass of wine, along with the shrimp app and the crabcakes.  OMG do yourself a favor- GET THE CRABCAKES!
We are still thinking and dreaming of those crabcakes and it has been over a week since our visit.  Such a different, wonderful taste!
The service was on point as well- the server was so sweet and helpful, and each of the runners and busboys were so polite and efficient.
The self-playing piano, art work, and warm/ friendly atmosphere were icing on the cake.
I am so happy we found this spot, we will definitely come back on our next visit!My husband and I, along with another couple, ate dinner here last Saturday evening. Excellent meal! They don't take reservations, but we were able to be seated within 5 minutes (very lucky, as it was Halloween weekend!) inside (around 8:30pm). Would have loved to have been able to sit out in the courtyard, but we were too hungry to wait. Excellent food and wine list, though a little on the pricey side. Atmosphere and quieter location away from the crazy of Bourbon street more than makes up for it, though. We'll definitely be back!We went again this evening.  We only got a cheese board, but once again, service was spot on.  We live here and the quarter is close to our house, so it is a favorite in our rotation.We were happy to have found this place accidentally - a glass of wine is exactly what we wanted!   We were greeted by a very friendly older gentleman.  Before we even asked, he said he'll check to see if there's a table in the courtyard for us and came back shortly after to lead us out.  The courtyard is lovely with the water fountain, dim lighting along with the balmy weather...so NOLA.
We only wish this was our experience for the rest of the evening.  It appears instead of having a waiter or waitress assigned to the table, they assign a "team" - that's where it all falls apart, especially when you don't know their service is a "team" effort.   That would also explain why our waiter was half ass and disappeared and we had random people bringing us food and checking in on us.
What we had:
Plungerhead zin $10
White Haven sauvignon blanc $11
mixed green salad $8 w/ port poached pears, roquefort cheese and port vinaigrette - this is probably the smallest portion of a salad I've ever seen
crabcakes $13 w/ chipotle pepper set over wilted spinach and caramelized oranges topped with house remoulade - not bad
bacon mussels $13 black mussels steamed in saffron tomato broth with jumbo lump crabmeat, applewood smoked bacon and basil aioli - pretty good
coffee in french press $5 each
chocolate brownie $8 triple chocolate fudge brownie w/ vanilla bean ice cream, topped with strawberry coulis - ok, it's like a brownie ice-cream sandwich but the brownie was dry.
Team 2A = D.Anna our server is great. She really knows the food and wine pairings and is a fantastic hostess and server! Food is awesome we had dinner with 4 small plates and finished with the best bead pudding I've had in a while!!Nice atmosphere. Stopped in twice for a wine flight. The second time we purchased a cheese board. Staff were very friendly.Honestly have no complaints. Came here for our anniversary dinner. Sat in the courtyard. Warm evening. Humid, yet tranquil in their back courtyard. Late night dinner was amazing. Lamb & steak. Fried goat cheese salad. Perfect Pimms Cup. Perfect glass of Petit Syrah. Warm & friendly staff. Look forward to coming back on our next trip.Love this quiet small place, not even a block off bourbon street, but a whole different world. The atmosphere is calm an serene. The courtyard is beautifully decorated and the food is outstanding! I've been here a few times, but this was the first time I've dined alone here. The staff was attentive, but not overbearing. Grapevine has a wonderful wine list and menu. Many local offerings. Not sure what to order, they are great with the recommendations! I had a wonderful goat cheese salad and local fish dish. The only thing I didn't love was the key lime pie, but that's just my opinion, there was nothing technically wrong with it.Worst service I have ever had! We spent money 2 nights at this place, which is located across from the Bourbon Orleans Hotel. After sitting outside smoking a cigar, we were told we had to spend more money in order to sit there or we had to leave. The very rude waitress treated us like second class citizens. She said, "We better be gone by the time she reaches the door or she would get the chef to throw us out!" I will never go back!Thoroughly disappointed. If you're looking for a pleasant atmosphere in which to enjoy a tasty cocktail or dessert, Orleans Grapevine is your place. Unfortunately anything beyond that I would not recommend. 
When researching restaurants in the area to visit while in NOLA, Orleans Grapevine was my first choice. However, I realized rather quickly that my excitement was misplaced. 
I started off with the Candied Hibiscus cocktail and it was simply wonderful! Unfortunately, our entrees did not measure up. I ordered the roasted chicken stuffed with cream cheese and apple with vegetable medley in an apple cider reduction. This was absolutely, without a doubt, MICROWAVED. The vegetables and reduction under the breast were freezing while the breast and cream cheese were so hot it was inedible for 5 minutes. That's microwaved. My husband ordered the angus filet with roasted fingerling potatoes, baby vegetables, and crawfish demi-glace. The steak was bland and lacked even salt and the demi-glace included crawfish that was NOT fresh. My husband wouldn't even eat it. 
Our meal was concluded with dessert. I will say that the chocolate mousse was quite good, but did little to counterbalance the negative feelings we had for the overall meal and experience. If you're a foodie looking for casual fine dining in the city of NOLA, look elsewhere.Unforgettable barbecue shrimp. I honestly don't even really like shrimp and when my bf ordered barbecue shrimp I was super skeptical but I still think about that shrimp and the sauce a year later. Great ambiance as well, I love how hidden it is. Will be back next time for sure.Delicious, delicious, delicious. Had the duck and andouille gumbo and was amazed by how good it was. That was the 4th gumbo I had tried in 2 days and hands down the best. 
I love a true wine bar that lets you select a flight from the menu or create your own. I had the pinot flight and really enjoyed it. Try the bbq shrimp, even if just for the sauce. Great dining experience!One of the treasures of the French Quarter, tucked just off of Bourbon Street in the 700 block of Orleans Avenue. I was first taken here by a local who considers it her favorite restaurant in the Bourbon St. area, and it's also become one of mine.
The dining area is intimate with a small bar at the front when you walk in. An old-style Player Piano adds to the ambiance.  You can eat at the bar, in the dining area, or back in their beautiful courtyard, when the weather cooperates.
The wine list is amazing for those wine lovers...as is the tea list for that matter. The steaks and lamb are tremendous.  But I have never had as good a Pork Tenderloin as I've had here at the Orleans Grapevine when it's on the Specials List.
The prices are in line with other fine restaurants in the Quarter, and it never fails to deliver when taking guests for a great meal and New Orleans experience.