Take it from the Duke, best breakfast deal in the area. Get out of your hotel and eat where the hard working LA go for grub.  Clean, friendly staff.  True breakfast food for a great price.The ladies were lovely and so hospitable. Only waited 7 minutes from the time we ordered to the plate at our table. Drinks never ran dry and the sweetness was plentiful. Would recommend for breakfast and coming back to try their poboy for lunch.Very unassuming from the outside. Have a seat and enjoy a sausage and cheese omelet with hash browns , fantastic. I'll definitely be back.First breakfast in NOLA and I was highly disappointed.  I decided on the 2 eggs over medium with a side of sausage, grits and a biscuit.  The eggs were cooked perfectly. The sausage on the other hand, it tasted like a cross between gyro meat and a frozen sausage patty. Nothing stood out about the grits and unfortunately my biscuit was hard (not even the butter could save it) and not flaky as the others wrote about.  
What made the experience worse was that the man at the register who manually inputted my family's first breakfast plate into his cash register was in the middle of a phone call, then interrupted by a waitress to make change (so he had to input her ticket), then went back to entering ours. He gave us a total for 3 breakfast platters of $23, swiped our credit card. As we signed the receipt, he mentions that he forgot to charge us for a plate. Really??? We didn't want to argue and our first day exploring NOLA to be ruined, so we paid the extra $9 he was asking for.  
Maybe they have better lunch items but I wouldn't even want take that chance.  We found better options literally just blocks away!Basic breakfast joint with simple menu.  Pleasant staff quick to get drinks and take the order.  Basic 2 egg breakfast with hash browns, bacon and toast.  Hot and quick. All was good.  Can't beat the price for what you get.This place was recommended to us on our trip to new Orleans & it was so fantastic we went back twice. Delicious shrimp & catfish po boys.Their seafood gumbo was as good as I have had in NO recently. It was only $6.15 for a large bowl. Seems they may only serve the seafood gumbo on Wednesday and Friday. Came with warm buttered french bread for dipping. Had some crab, shrimp and sausage. Did not see any oysters in the gumbo but with oysters prices so high that is to be expected at this price. Get some for you and yo momma.Stopped here for breakfast while stating in the French Quarter.  The eggs, bacon, and sausage were cooked as expected and were good.  The biscuits were lacking - did not care for those.  Our server was amazing.  She was very attentive and really added to the experience.Huge portions!! Very casual...the shrimp and oyster po-boys were delicious.  The cocktail sauce was great.  We just were walking by and this place was very unassuming, very local.  The people serving you were definitely were committed to the food....we would go back...but this time I would wouldn't order so much food.  THE GUMBO was YUMMY.  Glad we walked into this place.I enjoyed the reasonable prices and good service. All my joints were lubricated post breakfast since there was more than sufficient ingredient of butter. Grits and biscuit were fantastic. The one egg was over easy and as good as I do it. I will make it my regular place. Also was not crowded but looks like some regulars or locals there. They usually know the good spots. The owner appeared to be an immigrant appreciative of what opportunities exist in America. God Bless America!Had the gumbo and creole for lunch. Both tasty and reasonably priced. This is solid no-frills restaurant. No table clothes or mood lighting. Get in a cafeteria-style line, order, food dished out in front of you, and pay. Shrimp, oysters and catfish fried to order. Other diners swear by the shrimp. But alas just so much a visitor could taste in one visit. The cajun owner at the register added character. Note closes at 2:00 on Saturdays and closed on Sundays.One word. Underestimated! No fancy bells, whistles, or artwork. This is just a classic dinner-request with heart and soul thrust into the food. This is a true blue collar establishment with that southern hospitality and tried-and-true recipe of good inexpensive food. Yes, it's a bit grimy to look at, but being good... Has nothing to do with looking pretty!This is easily one of my most favorite restaurants in America. Sure, it looks like an abandoned hospital cafeteria, but that's part of the reason they can keep their prices low low low!!!
There's really little to say here other than that the staff is amazingly friendly--"amazingly" in the sense that they're genuinely extremely friendly without being even a tad creepy--and the food is good--so good it makes eating any other food depressing and sad. On a related note, they have what I would consider a really authentic representation of the Cajun food they serve. Like others have commented, the shrimp po-boys are clearly imported from a magical planet that consists of nothing but shrimp po-boys and are delicious.
In sum: Eat here, become sad that all other food no longer satisfies you, then come back here again and again as you slowly make peace with your new station in life.Yes! The catfish, shrimp, mac and cheese are must haves. Bacon omelette with cheese and hash browns were good, especially for the economical price. The service had true southern charm. Mac and cheese wasn't on the menu but our server was sweet enough to check in the back and found two servings. Ask if something isn't on the menu & you want it. The club sandwich was good and the fries were super crisp. The place is roomy and clean. Definitely a solid choice for breakfast or lunch.My introduction to the Po' Boy was at this little shop, oh so many years ago.  I think they moved to this spot sometime during the last century, or perhaps they just had the entire thing power-washed.  
In any event, the vibe of this place hasn't changed in 20 years.  The same familiar faces of the owners greet you, a duo of gentlemen, along with their hardworking staff.
Ordering can be a bit hectic, but there is a method to the signature madness.  If there's a line, get behind it.  As you approach the counter, shout your order to anyone who doesn't look extremely busy.  If you don't, the person behind you will.  Which may seem annoying, but the losers on their cell phones starve to death instead of slowing you down.
This is greasy spoon food at its finest.  I have gotten the plate lunches on occasion, and they are okay.  But you need to come here for the shrimp Po' Boys.  I mean, really...I know more than one displaced native who comes here on every visit.  They aren't the best of the best po' boys you can get in the greater New Orleans area, but if you are a CBD worker or a tourist who isn't leaving the vicinity of the Quarter you should give it a try.I try to limit myself to one visit per week, but this is my favorite hung-over-at-work lunch spot.  Something about the balance of carbohydrates, grease, cholesterol and sodium (more Crystal? yes please!) in the shrimp po-boys hits the spot EVERY time.  The mac-n-cheese is a delicious hangover side but you might want to split cuz it's huge.
They have several other flavors of po-boy, platters and sides, all generously portioned.  Their meatballs are as big as tennis balls.
Order cafeteria style.  But don't worry, everything is fresh, as you'll see them running back and forth from the kitchen to replenish their serving line.  We get there a little before the lunchtime rush but I've never seen it too crowded to get a table.Stopped in here for lunch one afternoon. The staff was friendly but the food was nothing special. It's "okay" but when in New Orleans there are much better options out there for lunchReally yummy and cheap. THE spot in the CBD for cajun food. I had a cup of gumbo which was big, thick and rich. Fried catfish plate which was three fillets a piece of bread and a large scoop of potato salad. Very good. About three blocks from the Hyatt.Love this place, the owners and staff are extremely friendly and always give a smile when I come in!!!!Best Bacon Egg & Cheese Biscuit EVER!
The biscuit itself is unique - squarish, soft, buttery, moist -- Perfect. AND they delivered it right to my hotel room to complete a lazy staycation morning. Can't wait to eat there in person!Hands down the best breakfast I have had since arriving in New Orleans! I had the a bacon, egg and cheese on a French roll! Delicious! Very close to my New York bodega sandwiches. My husband had the pancakes and an omelet. The pancakes are fluffy and golden without the typical diner hard crust. Amazing! The location is simple but the service is impeccable. Homestyle with A+ service. I will return!Awesome spot for a quick, cheap lunch. Friendly people working behind the counter too. If you don't mind a little grease, Gus' baked chicken is some of the best around. Did I mention cheap? Enormous plate of food for like $7.Best place for a homemade breakfast biscuit with bacon, egg, and cheese. - server offers jelly on the side (why not!).
Cedric, from La Pavillon, is great- and he recommended this place when we asked where to go for breakfast sandwiches. Didn't disappoint.
Love the mom and pop shops - they are closed Sundays so make sure you go prior.I love this place so much.  PERFECT for lunch if you're in the CBD.  Great service and delicious food.  Not much more to say so just try it and thank me later.Best breakfast I've had in a long time. Very friendly service and great prices. I highly recommend it!No frills cafeteria with an enclosed turtle garden of sorts for idle eyes. The nicest staff member here was the busboy in offering to refill our unsweetened tea and waters; the lady on the assembly line was brusque at best. Small bowl of shrimp creole is generous in size and flavor, and one of the few pleasing items they had to offer. Mac and cheese used a country gravy sauce to make it extra filling. Fried oysters were on scale with the area's average size, and certainly better than the somewhat soggy fried catfish. Unfortunately the stale bread used for sandwiches was hardly improved by butter, and the generic shredded lettuce was somewhat wilted. Bathrooms offer the looping towel thing that gives me hygiene heebie jeebies.The food was awesome and the service was great.  If you want an inexpensive place to go downtown,  this would be the spot!It's a cafeteria style diner. Good food, good prices. Local workers come for lunch. We had red beans and rice with smoked sausage along with gumbo. All very good. Yes, service was curt but that's OK.Delicious and practical. One of the best places I visited in New Orleans. Diamond in the rough! This local diner is gracious with portions and has delicious local foods such as gumbo and poboy sandwiches.Perfect for what it is.  Went for breakfast as we were tired of paying fancy hotel prices for a marginal breakfast.
This is a classic southern dinner feel.  Staff is super friendly. The food came quickly and was prepared well.P & G Restaurant 
345 Baronne St
New Orleans, LA  70112
United States
Simplicity come a long way !!
Modest place 
Rita my server always smiling ....
Love her vibes
$18.35 for two breakfastI just ate here about 5 minutes ago and had to write a review.  This place embodies what new orleans is all about.  I ordered the seafood plate for about $11 and they went out of their way to give me over 30 pieces of shrimp.  I was so moved.
I also got a bowl of gumbo and its better than any other place.  When you bite the crab, the soup has already sunken into the meat.  
The portions here are super friendly and its a joint where locals not tourists go to have a nice breakfast or lunch.  Highly recommend this place.Surprising good hole in the wall place only went due to yelp recommendation. Upon walking in for lunch I was kinda shocked that they didn't have any markings of what the food was. Anyways ordered shrimp plate with mac while the lady ordered the same with fries. Shrimp was crisp and delicious and seasoned just right. The highlight wad the muddy green looking gumbo....that goop was the best I've had and better than acme (probably not the definitive place for gumbo though). It had whole pieces of crab that was probably cooking for hours on end. Don't let the look fool you, try the gumbo. Friendly old man at the counter and cheap a$$ prices.This place is what makes New Orleans awesome. Not special in appearance, basically a diner. But no wait like some other hole in the wall spots in the area (e.g. Mother's and Johnny's). They have one of the best fried oyster po boys I've ever had. Very reasonably priced. I love any place whose menu is up on a board too. Great service. Only downside is you can't try this place if you're laid up all day in bed with a hangover. But that's your problem not theirs.Fantastic service, food, price.  Absolutely nothing bad to say about this place!!This is a place where the locals go. I walk in on a Thursday morning and there are cops, construction crew and business folks eating. Standard Diner fare. Not a huge menu- breakfast standards. Big portions. Fair prices. Nothing fancy. Just good food.Lawdddd. ...the fried seafood at 10am is on point!  That potato salad,  yes indeed!  This is a little piece of southern heaven. In the middle of bar prep I found joy in the form of a shrimp and oyster plate. Definitely will be back and people had breakfast plates with creamy buttery grits and big slices of hot sausage and a glazed over look in their eyes.... p and g must stand for pleasant and good!Don't let the sign outside scare you at all. This is cafeteria style, good cooking.  Easily the best shrimp po boy I have ever had in the Big Easy. I have also had the red beans and rice special with smoked sausage, about $7. It's only available on Mondays. It's flavorful without excessive heat.  
My husband's shrimp PO boy was amazing and only about 9 bucks. Hot and fresh and loaded with shrimp.  Forget Johnny's. Walk a few blocks here.  The service is friendly with excellent pricing.Best plate lunch spot in the CBD. Its not much to look at on the inside (or outside),  and the service isn't exactly white glove, but after you eat the food you won't care.
My personal favorites are:
Fried shrimp plate
The seafood gumbo
The smothered chicken
Shrimp Creole
I've yet to have the red beans and rice, but I've never heard a bad thing about it.Excellent and casual lunch stop recommended by our hotel.  Oyster poor boy pretty good and the bread excellent.  Also had gumbo ; hearty, and a generous bowl.Just like most folks here in NOLA friendly and warm. Food is home cooking, so far we just had the breakfast but now everyone is standing in line for lunch. This is one of those, don't judge a book by its cover.Great Gumbo even though it has an Etouffee flavor. Delish PoBoys and Great Prices! We have eaten here several times and will be back.We came here for breakfast thanks to good reviews. The breakfast was simple and to the point, my fiancé got an omelet with a biscuit and I got two egg breakfast and coffee. Total check was $18, but we were pretty full; not nasty stuffed but satisfied. Service was friendly, the room- kinda old but clean. The only reason I gave it 4 stars because sanitation must not be all that great- all food handled with bare hands, biscuits cut and serviced also with no gloves, and I didn't see any hand washing done; whatever condiments (jelly, creamer) wasn't used was given to the next table. The guy came in to do some prep work for lunch was handling all bread and hoagies with his bare hands as well. Didn't notice him wash hands since he came in either, but I also wasn't watching him every second. We personally didn't care as much but I can see how it could be a problem for some people.Really good food, a place where locals go, and very affordable. Also they give you a LOT of food. Recommend oyster poboy and red beans and rice and gumbo and macaroni because that's what I had and I'm sure their other stuff is really good too.An inexpensive option in NOLA.  Very down homey.  The servers were genuine New Orleans (with a Greek owner).  We thoroughly enjoyed our breakfast that was under $20 for two.  Eggs, bacon grits and a biscuit were delicious.No frills, just very friendly service and great food. Definitely worth the trip to this little gem!So I recently went on a vacation and New Orleans was one of the places we went. When you are in a new and exciting town, you really want to get a feel for their culture. Of course FOOD is huge part of it. So this cute little place was right down the street from our hotel. We walked about 3 blocks and BAM there it was!
 Right when we walked in the door, we were promptly greeted with a friendly Hello and lots of smiles. We sat down, looked at the menu and were shocked at how awesome the prices were. Super inexpensive. My cousin and I ordered the hot cakes, and sausage. My auntie ordered the eggs and potatoes. Austin, my other cousin ordered a ham and cheese Omelette. My uncles James ordered eggs, gritts, and bacon. All came with biscuits. 
  OH Emmm Geeeeeeee! Deliciousness!!! Everything was absolutely incredible. My 9 year old cousin put his fork on top of the pancakes and all you could see was the butter streaming out of them....Anything you could ever want from a Pancake..This was it! So Fluffy and moist and hott and buttery, oh and so much syrup...mmmmmmm Thinking about it is makin me crazy. This is a MUST HAVE.
 My uncle looked at me and was like " You have to try these grits and bacon" ...Now I'm not usually a grits fan, but sure enough super tasty as well. Oh and the bacon? Bomb. com, not too greasy, not overcooked, not undercooked.  It was justtt right. :) At first  Austin was a little hesitant on eating because it looked a little different than the typical Omelette but once he tried that sucker, it was over.. I looked over and in about three minutes it was gone. He said it was the best he has ever had.
  Last but not least, another must have would definitely be the biscuits. Michelle referred to them as nothing short of a miracle. You know how when you receive your toast, muffins or biscuits you always have to make sure you butter them and it takes lots of time, and sometimes the butter is too cold and doesn't spread evenly...Well you don't have to worry when you're here. It is already pre-buttered to perfection...I felt like i was eating a cloud, not to bready not too sweet. Best Biscuit of my life. no joke.
                                                                                       Love, Satisfied customerI ordered a hamburger.  I know they had specials -- salisbury steak and mashed taters, spaghetti, etc., but all I really wanted was a hamburger.
The lady taking my order and preparing the bun side of things was friendly and warm.  
The burger came out and it was HUGE -- really, the equivalent of two hamburgers!  
The owner or manager there -- who was fully engrossed in eating his own lunch at the time -- apparently trusts nobody but himself.  The nice lady had to call him over from his lunch to ring me up.  I asked incredulously, but quietly, "Only he can ring me up?"  She nodded.  How incredibly stupid!  To me, such lack of faith and trust in his employees makes HIM look like a jerk!
Now, the hamburger.   GROSS, GROSS, GROSS, GROSS!!!!  I swear to you, it was 80% FILLER.  And not even edible filler -- like oats or breadcrumbs or something.  If it wasn't roof shingle filler, it surely was cardboard!  I gnawed off and choked down five small bites only because I was starving and was on my lunch break.
After talking to a co-worker and reading some reviews, I would consider going back for the hot plate specials -- but never ever ever ever for a hamburger!We had travelled to New Orleans for a race. Being clueless about the city we relied on Yelp to find our breakfast. This place was amazing! Cheap and delicious food! The staff is incredibly friendly. If you are looking for breakfast go here. 
Don't let the appearance discourage you! We ate here 3 out of the 4 days we were in town!
Thank you P & G!The famous  shrimp po-boy def lived up to its name! I would give it 4 stars but the waitresses had terrible attitudes..Great bargain.  Very friendly and efficient service.  Great prices.  This is a breakfast and lunch place only.  The servers are fantastic!  The owners work behind the counter and are real New Orleans characters.   Love. it.Tremendous!  One of my favorite places on NOLA.  Food is great as is the service.  Great variety.Really quick breakfast. The staff is really friendly. The owner was there both dates that I went. Carry out or eat in.  Seems to me that's where all the local blue collar workers go to.P & G is a great value at lunch.
A fellow Yelper suggested I try P&G and I am glad that I listened. The restaurant is set up like a diner. You enter, order at the counter, get your food, pay and find a seat. 
One of the daily specials was red beans so I didn't need to look any further. The portion was very large. In fact, my entire plate was covered with so much that it was difficult to carry back to the table without spilling some. I opted for hot sausage, but they also had plain smoked sausage. The red beans were very good. While not spicy, the beans were well seasoned. 
All of the staff I encountered were very friendly. Although there was no traditional server, employees were circulating asking if customers needed refills, etc. This was a nice touch since most diner style restaurants are self-serve for drinks.
There is a cool looking courtyard area towards the back of the restaurant. This area had at least six turtles crawling around. While you can't sit out there, the tables nearest this area are the best spots to sit.
I will definitely keep P&G in the lunch spot rotation.
If you are looking for simple, good food and don't want to break the bank, try P&G.This place is very under-rated. More people need to know about this place. It comes off as a hole in the wall but there is a lot of variety. The food is very consistent and affordable. I think I've had everything on the menu here but I now stick to a simple turkey and cheese omelet.I mean really... talk about your humble, approachable place, full of locals and with great food!  We stopped in after arriving for lunch and ordered the shrimp po boy, chicken po boy, fries and a cup o gumbo.  Po boys = 100.  Oh so delicate yet crispy bread stuffed with perfectly deep fried and abundant shrimp, L, T, and awesome cocktail sauce and creamy tartar.  The gumbo was funky, complex, and delish!  Buttery soft shrimp and blue crab legs sticking out like Loch Ness made it a gumbo to remember.  Top it off with friendly service and good prices.  Hey when you see the fire captain here,  you know it's money.Stopped in here at 8 a.m. on a Saturday morning after asking our hotel bellman for a spot close-by that served a quick, basic breakfast.  We got exactly what we asked for.  No such thing as turkey bacon here.  No such thing as a brunch menu.  Eggs, sausage or bacon, grits or hashbrowns and toast.  Did the trick.  The price was right, and our waiter was as nice and as helpful as he could be.The place doesn't look like much but the 2 egg breakfast was pretty good. Bacon and sausage had good flavor as well as the hash browns.Where the locals eat; hotel & casino employees, construction & utility workers, suits & overalls, cops & drivers, sometimes the mayor.  Cafeteria line (Petra & Gus presiding over), menu on the white board, tables spread out in the large, utilitarian room.  Good, basic food, in large portions, cheap.  Surprisingly quiet; have a conversation, do a deal, read the paper, play with your phone.
Many po boys, 3 or 4 "plates", a few daily specials.
Fried shrimp, oysters, catfish were all very good: lightly battered, not at all greasy, correctly cooked, good flavor.  Potato salad and tomatos were a good step above standard.  Gumbo was excellent; "cup"= small bowl.  
Looking for romantic, fine dining and innovative dishes?  This ain't it.  For a lunch - for what it is -  it's excellent.One of New Orlean's hidden gem. Get the shrimp po boy. And their seafood gumbo - best in town.While wandering for a breakfast spot that my fiancé remembered from a previous trip (that we never did quite find), we stumbled upon this place. 
It's not much for looks, though as we were lingering unsure in the entryway, a local assured us that "this place is good." Enough encouragement for us. 
Our simple two egg, meat, hash, and bread breakfasts were quick, if utilitarian. Sausage patties were just okay, and they were out of biscuits, but my over mediums were pretty well cooked, and the potatoes were flavorful. The service was polite and lovely, and the coffee meant serious business. 
I'd be more curious about their lunch menu - business and blue collar folks alike started coming in around 11:30a for po boys and stew chicken and red beans & rice. We're hopeful we have time to come back for that, and (naturally) the gumbo.As you can see by the number of yelp reviews, this place is a bit unknown to the tourist crowd. Be forewarned- you don't eat here for the décor or ambience. You eat here for the good southern, creole, Cajun food. It's a cafeteria style. Food is in a glass sneeze guarded steam table. There are plenty of items on the menu. One that stood out was the muffaletta. It was really good. We split it and sampled eachother's orders. None of us were disappointed. Serving sizes were generous and the food was fresh, homemade and tasty. I absolutely loved the deep-south, 1950's feel to this place. We stopped in here for lunch during our Summer 2012 family vacation and left with no regrets.Nice place, good people, good food
Second time here, first time had a breakfast sandwich, eggs were perfectly cooked. And traveled well. Came back for lunch, had a po boy, not the best I've ever had but excellent and well priced.My 10 year old daughter and I just had breakfast here. The service was impeccable! The food was good too. I had a turkey and cheese omelette with grits and a biscuit. My daughter had a shrimp po boy. We both left full and happy. I'm very glad we stopped by.I really enjoyed my experience at P & G. I came here during their lunch rush so things at the counter were a little confusing but I was served quickly and everyone was friendly. I got take out - fried shrimp poboy and the catfish. I ate three poboys during my visit to New Orleans and this one was by far the cheapest and was as good or better than any of the others. I'll agree with the other reviewers - this place isn't fancy so you shouldn't go there for that. If you just want to grab a delicious lunch and you don't want to spend a ton of money come to P & G. This place is in a great location just a few blocks off canal and very close to the super dome.The BEST shrimp poboy! Wonderful friendly staff.  Only open for Breakfast and Lunch. Just go!Great place for an inexpensive and filling breakfast.  Buttermilk biscuits are huge and made from scratch.  Definitely no frills.  But you can tell from the clientele that this place is well known by locals.  They also deliver.  Staff was very friendly and remember me from the time before.  Next time in NO will definitely stop again.Couldn't ask for anything more.  A line, some good seafood and a place to eat it.  The gumbo is probably the best I've had in the city.  The poboys are incredible and the fried seafood is melt in your mouth good.  We go here from work at least once a week.  P.S. Ask for extra french bread with your Gumbo, delish!Disappointing food. Gumbo was flavorless and fried catfish was barely seasoned. After all the good reviews I expected betterWe were staying at the Moxy and needed a place for breakfast.  All of the hipster places had a ridiculously long wait so we ended up here based on reviews. Delicious, homestyle classic breakfast offerings. Between the 3 of us we had 2 omelettes, eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, toast and pancakes and everything was delicious and buttery and well seasoned.  If you're looking for classic,  no frills and tasty, this is the place to go.I get a fried shrimp poboy over here just about every week.  Consistently delicious!I'm so glad I came here! It's a no frills, friendly place to grab some great food! It definitely had a local vibe and our server was so sweet.  I had a catfish po-boy and it did not disappoint.  My husband decided to get breakfast- 2 eggs, bacon and hash brown , and an order of grits. Nothing fancy, but hearty and delicious all the same. I really wish we had found this place on our first day of our trip and not our last. I would definitely check me back again!Good prices and a HUGE poboy for the price. The reason I'm only giving it 3 stars is because, at least when we were there, they did not clean the shrimp and they had the vein in them. They give ALOT of shrimp for the price, but it needed a little more sauce and the cleaned shrimp. If they fix that, then 5 stars for sure.Ample portions, tasty food, kindly service. Don't expect anything fancy. Though even if you did, you'd still come away happy you ate at this little hole in the wall cajun cafeteria. I did!One of the last remaining lunch counters in the city. I hope you know what you want walk up because they have several servers and the two owners taking orders to keep the line moving. Don't expect to be wowed with anything but you can be assured you'll get a decent meal at a decent price. I got the chicken fried steak today and it came with mashed potatoes and green beans for less than $9.The food and service was superb! I had the chicken fried steak with macaroni and cheese with mashed potatoes and brown gravy! The locals eat here for lunch. My husband had the omelet with mushrooms, green peppers, and chorizo potatoes. He loved it! My little one had a cheeseburger. They have daily specials and it's a great place for families or groups. Everything tastes homemade! I also had a cup of gumbo that was more like a bowl. That was good too!I just arrived and checked into my hotel and wanted a place to grab a quick lunch.  So right across the street I find P &G.  It's a cafeteria style place where you can get some good food for less than $10.  I kept it simple with the fried shrimp and french fries.  I was happy with my decision.  Plenty of food, well cooked fries, and tasty shrimp.  This isn't a touristy place, instead it seemed most people in there worked in the area.  It was a nice glimpse into the real world of NOLA as opposed to the tourism.Greek family sets up great lunch diner downtown for great homestyle cooked meals. Similar to their cousins over at please you, P&G offers a great deal for a lot of food in the CBD. I ate with some friends for lunch while I was in the area, I had the catfish plate with potato salad. The catfish was underwhelming as it was strips that added up to just one filet of fish. The breading was too heavy as you really couldn't get much taste from the fish. The potato salad was excellent so was the french bread. They offer different food options daily. If your in the mood, try it out.Solid breakfast offerings at a good price. Eggs made to order, cheese grits, biscuits (but no gravy). Substantial biscuit sandwiches.Great place for lunch! The food is very flavorful and they give you huge portions when you dine in. The staff was very friendly and attentive. I'm the type of person who asks alot of questions when it comes to the menu and pairings and they were very patient with me and answered my questions and my request for extra condiments graciously. I'll definitely return!This place is a gem for a great breakfast.   I set so many people look in the window and walk away.   It is very clean,  but not fancy.   2 eggs, smoked sausage,  grits and a fluffy biscuit for $6.95.   Eggs were cooked perfectly.  Smoked sausage was had great flavor.  Grits were creamy and treated great.  The biscuit.   It was tender,  flaky and sooooo good.  I've been going to the fine restaurants while on vacation,  but will come back here.I returned to the P & G Restaurant & Bar for a weekly Friday lunch with a couple of cohorts after avoiding this place because of fluctuating pricing. I decided to only have a shrimp plate instead of the usual shrimp & oyster plate, but still only managed to reduce the price by approximately one dollar.  The only reason I continue to go to this place is due to the close proximity to my workplace.  I refer to this place as a greasy spoon sort of place, but that's only because I deviate from my diet every time I go there and I order fried seafood and french fries, with a Barq's root beer.  My lunch mates are also hooked on this place, because they always order inexpensive items from the steam tables, like seafood gumbo or, shrimp creole.Love this place! A local "greasy spoon" with homemade biscuits and breakfast served all day. Service is great.Everything here is sooo salty. I had the stuffed crab cakes with mac and cheese and both items were salty! 
My coworkers said their food was salty too. 
Would not come back.Jersey Boy meets New Orleans Diner. This must be home cooking Louisiana style. This is as common as you can get. The food is what you read about when coming to New Orleans, but never get in the touristy spots in town. These folks don't try hard at what they are good at......screw the decor and concentrate on good home cooking. I have found a spot in NOLA for when I have less cash and big appetite.This is where I eat catfish po-boys.  You could eat a catfish po-boy at any number of other restaurants in New Orleans, but I do not recommend it.  There will be no frills or pretense when you get this po-boy at P&G.  Nothing will be adorned; it will be "dressed."  The price you pay, all circumstances considered, will be eminently fair.  You will consider yourself fortunate to have the opportunity to eat from a pale blue or orange plastic plate something so perfectly suited to its set and setting.  That is a catfish po-boy and this is where you eat it.  
I always get a conflicted feeling when reviewing a place where I consider myself a "regular."  I don't want anything to change.  For many restaurants, the idea of change often implies an improvement on the status quo, but that is impossible for P&G's catfish po-boy.Had eggs, bacon, grits and toast. Nothing to write home about. Biscuits were supposed to be good but all gone by 10:30. Mothers better by far for New Orleans.Perfect respite from the bacchanalia of Bourbon Street, and open early, too. Straight-up breakfast fare, tasty, appropriate emphasis on perfect grits and buttery biscuits. No alcohol - you're not going to find a Bloody Mary topped with a mud bug here. 
Clean, spotless restrooms, friendly waitstaff (I'm lookin' at you, Mother's). 
After a night of craziness, an island of sanity. Wonderful place. It's not going to be on a bucket list of NOLa restaurants. It's good for your wallet and sense of well being.We laughed about this place when we checked into the hotel across the way - it looked like such a dump
However,  I wandered over for a breakfast sandwich, and saw them making po-boys, and it looked really good.
My breakfast sandwich was so good I was mad I hadn't been eating there the whole trip!This is definitely a neighborhood treasure for the locals. Staff was extremely friendly. I went for breakfast and ordered the two egg breakfast sandwich with cheese on a biscuit and a side of hash browns. I also grabbed a two egg, sausage, cheese breakfast sandwich on toast to take back to my friend(not a morning person). 
You could tell the scrambled eggs on the sandwich were from the shell.  The hash browns were nice breakfast potatoes squares grilled up on a flattop with a little onion. There was a nice caramelization to the potatoes. 
Very worth the walk for a quick breakfast before a day of exploring. 
There was one element that really stood out for me which was how the staff interacted with a local family. The family had a child that was VERY particular about how their food is presented. I know this because the staff took the time to review with the parents before bringing the plate to the table. This was an amazing thing to witness. The staff was super sweet and treated me as kindly as the locals.Called to have delivery to my hotel.I didn't see much of a menu so I asked about breakfast choices. He offered to fax a menu which was not possible as I am only a resident of the hotel.  Then replied " I'm busy so can't tell you what's for breakfast. " What a way to lose a customer quick. . So disappointing.I've walked past P&G Restaurant many times on the way from my parking garage to the building where I work. I never considered eating here until one of my coworkers invited me to lunch. We went last Friday... 
Great poboys for not a lot of $$$ and friendly service. I saw a tap for a keg so I'm assuming they have a liquor license. 
I highly recommend if you're looking for a good meal at a great price.We had a late breakfast here that was really great. Service was fantastic. Biscuits home made.Just steps from the French Quarter,  this place has a  delicious shrimp po'boy and affordable breakfast.If you're looking for a local spot to grab some good, quick food then this is your spot.  The staff was friendly and make sure you're well taken care of. Food was at a great price & filling. As a visitor from CA i def enjoyed their southern hospitality.Pretty tasty shrimp po'boy in the Big Easy.  This is a great place to get some authentic NOLA food to go.  The staff are incredibly nice and service minded.  Gus helped me get my to go order quickly and made sure I had everything I needed.  The ambiance inside is fast food casual and not the high point.  My brother is a New Orleans resident and said this was his favorite po'boy in town.  It did not disappoint.I walked from Camp Street to eat lunch at this place.  Don't bother.  I understand it was lunchtime, but the method of taking orders y their employees  was so disorganized.  I even got passed over by one of the employees who asked the lady behind me what she wanted!  Finally, the cashier asked me if I had my order taken.  Before I could finish saying No, he had already moved on to someone else.  What crappy customer service.  However, they may have done me a favor as the food did not look good.  I will never go back here, and I advise all to skip this place.  There are better options in New Orleans for lunch with better customer service.The service was so friendly and the Po-Boys was so tasty. Very seasoned shrimp. Not much to look at as far as atmosphere, but a good find.Confusing how and what to order, but food is great, tastes good and copious in portion.  Noon hour lunch crowd is busy so get there at 11:30 rather than noon for quicker service.  Atmosphere is casual, cafeteria style more than table-side service.  Catfish plate is great, shrimp poboy is awesome.  Access to restaurant is close from the Drury and walking distance from Poydras/St Charles (trolley stop).  Doesn't look like much from the outside but given the density of locals it's a staple.Super quick delivery.  Ordered an oyster po-boy at noon and got to me within 25 minutes.
It's a bread-winning sandwich..I had the sausage omelette with hash browns and toast.  The hubby had grits, eggs and smoked sausage with toast.  Everything was great.  All for around $15.  We'll definitely come back!Excellent breakfast very reasonably priced hope to eat lunch there. Convent to Le Pavillon . Very short wait to be seated good serviceSo we are staying at the Fairfield inn across the street, and the hotel recommended P&G for a authentic New Orlean food. The food was amazing the hot cakes were wonderful, they are so fluffy and are cook to a point were they could be uncooked but there not, but that's what makes them good. The scrambled egg were a delight not over cooked and the sausage has a nice spice to them. The service was really good they made sure to check on use.  we had a conversation with our waitress tell her about our trip in to New Orleans.Just a block or two from the Roosevelt where we were staying. We hustled over for lunch before flying out. Very tasty! Wish we hadn't waited until our last few hours before leaving town.
Cafeteria atmosphere, a bit confusing about how to order, but all-in-all fast and delicious. The oyster/shrimp po boy was good, as was the gumbo. For those wanting a plainer meal, the ham and cheese sammich was good too. 
Walk up to the counter and check out the hot dishes. Someone will ask you what you want. Then make your way to the cashier, repeat your order, and pay. There will be shouting among the staff; just ignore. Service is fast and friendly.The food was delicious! The service was excellent! We walked in right as lunch was starting and we were able to taste the best of both worlds--hot cakes and chicken fried steak!Gumbo is excellent! My favorite thing on the menu by far. Great home cooking style and very reasonable being downtown. Always great options... Baked chicken, Red beans & rice, crab cakes, fried shrimp/fish, baked fish... Never had a bad meal yet! Perfect lunch spot with quick service. Dine in and watch the turtles play in the garden in the back.Strolled in here and the place was dead. It must've been right after the lunch  hour rush. Needless to say, I was a little leery on how the food would be.
Ordered me up a shrimp po-boy and the cashier said it'd take a few minutes. When the po-boy arrived, the shrimp was piping hot. There was so many shrimp that it was spilling onto the plate. I was in love and devoured the whole thing. A food coma ensued afterwards.
What I liked about this place is that it's not touristy at all. You can tell it's mostly frequented by workers in the CBD. It's nothing flashy. It's all about the food and that is why I simply adore it here.I been to New Orleans twice and yet P&G is still one of my favorite restaurants.  
Don't expect anything fancy here, it is very down to earth but you can get some authentic po boy.  Very friendly staff and very generous on the portion.  
Not expensive at all and food quality is GOOD!!!I eat here about once a week, so I think I'm pretty qualified to write a review. ;-) It's right by my office in the CBD, on Baronne St. one block off Poydras between Poydras and Canal St. The prices are CHEAP and the food is GOOD. Sometimes it gets a little busy at lunchtime and you have to wait a bit, but it's always worth it. I try to go around 11:45am or 1pm, before or after the lunch rush. I've had just about everything on the menu, and everything is good- fried seafood, stewed chicken, poboys, chicken fried steak, etc. They have lunch specials, and they do lasagna on Tuesdays every other Tuesday- which is my favorite (it's LOADED with meat- and it's ground Italian sausage which is awesome). The whole meal + drink is usually $6-$8, which is a deal for the CBD. I love eating here, and always will.Great for breakfast and lunch. Locals come here for their beans and sausage. We tried the oyster platter which was very good and fresh. Make sure to check their daily specials. Definitely coming here again for our next NOLA visit.Food is good and the ladies who were helping us were wonderful. But the guy Petro is so rude to his team. He talked down to the counter staff right in front of us, and was just downright condescending. It made me lose my appetite to see people treated that way. I doubt I'll go back. Easter weekend and people can't even be kind.It's A OK. Good cheap food. Nothing fancy here. But the service was very friendly. As we were leaving, the lunch crowd was lining up. So it's not a secret that the food is good, filling, and cheap. We got lucky and nabbed the last two homemade biscuits of the day. If you want the biscuits get there early!This is a diamond that can use some work. The place is kind of shabby but more of a down home feel to it. The food was extremely good well needs a little spice for my taste. Friendly service that are kind of pushy but are willing to give your food hot and ready great hook up the shrimp.Firstly, you can't beat the prices at P&G. Home cooked food for under $10 in a city where nothing is cheap. My coworkers and I came on Ash Wednesday, and I got the Shrimp Po'boy. (I ordered catfish but they had such a crowd, I just ate the shrimp.) None of us left anything on the plate (and now we're all half asleep from the over indulgence of food). Fried chicken, red beans, and catfish all brought to the table. My two picky eater friends enjoyed it immensely. The owners are adorably cute and are always sweet to us girls when we walk in. I've never eaten anything bad here. I often order just mac & cheese because it's that good. The gumbo is always tasty, and I love the option of a hot plate for those times when your belly wants to be warm. They also have a little bar if you want a beer with lunch. Recommend for CBD eats.Good breakfast. The service was very friendly. Biscuits that will melt in your mouth!Really delicious and soft cheese and sausage omelette & creamy grits. Friendly and quick service.Solid basic breakfasts & especially good smoked sausage. Nothing too greasy; well made biscuits.This food was not very good. We're from Los Angeles and got the Seafood Gumbo and the Red Rice and Beans with Sausage. The food was bland, lukewarm, and mediocre. We came to Nawlins for some authentic food and if this is considered authentic, I'll stick with the Cajun food in LA!First stop in NOLA. Wonderful Gumbo!  And I should have tried something other than the shrimp. As other reviews mention, it is certainly a local place.Fast cheaper then IHOP and 100 time better quality food! I will return next time I'm in New Orleans!The P & G restaurant is a simple, unpretentious, no-frills diner that tries to impress you using only its food and service. I thank Yelp for tipping me off to this little gem. I have no reason to go elsewhere for breakfast and lunch when in Naw'lins now. I will give it five stars for now because I cannot think of any reason why I would drop the P & G down to a four star rating. I suspect they haven't changed the menu (and hence prices) for eons. So this old cheapskate even tipped the waitress a little extra.We visited this restaurant in search of a good affordable family breakfast and we found it. The waitstaff was very friendly and welcomed their regulars like they were stopping by home to eat. They have a really large turtle garden in the back and you can watch them from your table. My kids were so entertained as they watched nature in action. They were pretty active and we could have watched for hours. As for the food...the bacon and sausage was delicious. My daughter didn't like her omelette because it had American cheese but everything else was good.Best lunch spot in CBD. I always bring out-of-town guests here for local grub. Affordable prices (under $10/person) and generous portions. Friendly service. Order at the counter. Nothing fancy, just good cooking. 
Red beans and rice and fried catfish are my favorites. Shrimp poboy and seafood gumbo are good, too.For the past 4 years this is where my office ordered breakfast delivery. I really like their hash browns/greek potatoes. They remind me of those potatoes people cook with onions and serve with a steak or something like that. Grits can either be too buttery or dry from none at all. Just say "light butter" to be safe. I haven't had a bad breakfast item.. For lunch they have great poboys and fries. I used to go on my lunch walk then hit this place up on the way back and get an order of fries then pour ketchup and Crystal's hot sauce all over it. I know and no I'm not pregnant. My office loves to order deliver on Fridays from here. Crab cakes, cat fish plates. Not pricey. .My girlfriend and I came here for breakfast for and lunch for her one day after walking around in the French quarter on our way back to our hotel.  Food is great, soulful and southern!  Atmosphere is a perfect little diner.  Lady behind the counter was friendly and made us feel right at home.  A great experience near the CBD and French Quarter for a quick, cheap, delicious breakfast/lunch.We came by for lunch after finding the good reviews on Yelp. I have one word to say: SALT!
Wowzers! The mac and cheese and po boy were crazy salty. The taste was just ok...we had much better at The Store earlier in the week. Didn't see anything unique...just bread, mayo, lettuce, tomato, and shrimp.
The shrimp had a distinct fishy flavor too...Cafeteria style dining serving breakfast and lunch. Good down home comfort food at more than reasonable prices. A short walking distance from many CBD hotels.  The atmosphere is a little bland but the food more than makes up for it.08/12/2011 - 08:50 am
I lost track of Dinner arrangements the Night prior as I split time between FQ and Harrah's New Orleans Casino(Buffet - Dungeoness Crab Night, OMG).  Desperate search of open early Breakfast, P&G made the perfect sense being within stretch distance.  Open spacious plain below budget white walled decor fits this Cafeteria nicely.  Opposite of classy/fancy in most aspects except for the staff/customers of course.
2-Eggs, Sausage, Hash, Biscuit($5.00+)
Aside from the overcooked puck-o-sausages, everything else was executed perfectly especially the Eggs shows the signs of an experienced Short-order Fry-cook.  Biscuit was fluffy airy, light touch of Butter with Grape Jelly provided on the side.  The HASH was the true star, there's no lack of addictive seasoning.  I'm a P&G Hash Fan.
As I paid the older Gentleman, I gave him shiver chills.  Nah, I'm not that sexy bodacious.  He simply has been to cool weather'd Toronto before and was quite friendly to joke about it having a laugh or two.  Down to earth Breakfast & Lunch place I would enjoy if I was a local, no doubt.I was looking for a divey, cafeteria style place to grab a hearty lunch and P&G fit the bill. I was disappointed that there wasn't a selection of green vegetables on the day I visited since that was what I was looking for. I ended up getting the daily crab cake lunch special, which was nothing more than carbohydrate central. 
The extraordinarily salty crab cakes were mostly cornmeal and were very dry and bland. I had to chug three huge bottles of water after I ate them. The side of French bread was mediocre too, but at least it had been buttered and toasted. The standout of the plate was the truly delicious macaroni and cheese. It was loaded with gooey goodness and black pepper, giving it an authentic Southern spicy kick. 
This place has all the charm of a sterile hospital cafeteria so I chose to get my lunch to go. The employees were friendly and my lunch was less than $10. I would've loved this place if they had offered some Southern style greens -- maybe they do on other days since the menu changes daily.Food was very good.  Reasonably  priced.  Slightly under staffed.  Saw a table leave as they couldn't get a waitress to take their order. We had decent service however.  I would recommend itGreat service, diner with plenty of New Orleans food fair. Had a hot sausage poboy and was delicious! Prices are great.Love the people and the food is amazing!! My stay in Nola was 3 and a half days and I made sure I went here twice the food was that great got the same waitress both times and she was the sweetest lady love her. The food is super cheap and the taste is amazing. Definetly worth every cent and more! Highly recommend this spot.We decided to stop here for a quick lunch on our way back from Catskill. Ambience looked nice, the place was busy and the service was first grade. Ordered a cup of Clam Chowder, Flounder for main dish and off course some beer. Pretty happy with everything we are back on the road and here comes the headache. The pain increased over the next few hours and I threw up immediately after I got to the home. My face was swollen and I felt pretty sick. A case of food poisoning and probably fish was the culprit. It was served well cooked, but probably not well refrigerated before cooking. Typical histamine poisoning which arises from rotten fish. I'm a scientist by profession, so I have my strong reasons to suspect that It came from that fish meal. The only food I had before this was my usual break fast. You guys should be careful, such food poisoning can be serious for few people.DO NOT LET LOOKS FOOL YOU!!  This place is incredibly delicious, very reasonably priced and the woman whom served me behind the counter was very sweet. I ordered the baked chicken, green beans and macaroni and cheese. The chicken was moist and flavorful... THE GREEN BEANS oh man sooo delicious.. Definitely worth a visitMet some co-workers for breakfast and we were pretty happy with it.  I got 2 eggs over easy, hash brown, toast, and bacon, with an orange juice.  Everything was pretty good for a cheap CBD breakfast.  Service was quick and friendly.  And the owner checked on us multiple times, which was quite nice.This place might not look like much and I chose it because I wanted a simple affordable breakfast. I loved everything about it!! The service was amazing as well as the food! The waitress was on top of it and the owner checked on me and chatted a bit. I had two eggs over easy, grits, bacon and a biscuit. And coffee. I also ordered a bacon egg and cheese biscuit for my sleeping other half. Total ticket before healthy tip was $13!  If only I had more time, I would make them a repeat.Great friendly service from the moment we walked in until we left. It wasn't busy so food came out very quickly. It's your typical diner with reasonable prices. Will be back to try more items.The breakfast is great. The hashbrowns are awesome. The buttermilk biscuits are delicious. Try the pancakes... Thick and fluffy and big! The seafood gumbo was strictly New Orleans. Very friendly staff and owner very appreciative of compliments. This has become my go to breakfast and lunch place while visiting New Orleans.Some local people pointed us out to this eatery for lunch. Yummy! Hearty, homemade style food in a cafateria setup. I had rice with beans and smoked sausage.  2 hours later, the food started going through my system and the United States government classified me as a WMD with the dangerous gases escaping my body, but it was worth it.  The staff were quick and very friendly.  The food was fresh and tasty.  This spot is a true testament to southern hospitality.Accidental find, we were all hungry and it was the closest restaurant with good review. Glad we stopped in! Very friendly service and the po boys were delicious. You get more shrimp than oyster, so if you don't care which one you get, go with the shrimpNot very clean! staff is dirty looking. food is exposed too much! I wouldn't recommend this place to a dog! The guys are nasty and not sanitize!! The whole staff looks sour even funky don't wash his hands!I happened to stop by  on a search for a reasonable price breakfast. It was 10:30 am and the place was not very crowded, which was great.  I ordered the 2 egg special with grits and sausage.The coffee was good and the price was decent. The staff working there was nice and cordial.We were looking for a place with diner-style breakfast - were heading to another spot and a local said we should come here. She was so right. The food was good, hot and fast. The pancake was so delicious - the melt-in-your mouth kind of good. There's nothing fancy about P&G but it hit the spot for our morning-after cravings.We are in from out of town and like to find the places that the locals recommend. After reading several reviews on P&G we tried it for breakfast and there's a reason the locals go here. Great food, great service at a reasonable price.  We are in NOLA for a couple more days and will likely be back for breakfast again before we leave.I go to P & G roughly once a week for lunch.  I work in the CBD, and lunch options near my office are slim, but P & G is a good option to have.  The place is serves up good, no-frills New Orleans food and draws a crowd ranging from blue collar to white collar.  P & G serves up breakfast, po'boys and hot plate lunches that vary during the week.  The prices are extremely modest and a big appetite is strongly recommended.  
P & G's po'boys are straightforward and made on Leidenheimer's bread.  The hot roast beef po'boy holds its own against any in town, as does the shrimp.  P & G also offers a hot sausage po'boy with patties or links, and the sausage is addictively good.  The same sausage links are also offered as an alternative to smoked sausage with their red beans, which are for my money, some of the best in town.  (Yes, I said it.  I stand by it.)  The red beans are thick, very creamy and seasoned perfectly.  No need to grab salt, pepper or hot sauce with these.  
The plate lunches are outstanding to the point that it is almost intimidating to try to settle on something while standing at the counter.  The country fried steak is good, and there is generally either veal parmesan or spaghetti and meatballs, both of which are done well.  Vegetarians beware - I've seen smoked sausage lingering in the green beans, but those are so good it might be a "gateway food" back to meat eating if you slip up.  The baked chicken is so juicy it feels like you are eating something really, really bad for you even though you aren't.
Finally - Fried seafood.  Shrimp and catfish are almost always on the menu and oysters have reappeared after a BP-induced absence.  The seafood is lightly breaded in cornmeal and fried nicely - not too heavy or greasy.  The fried catfish is outstanding and their homemade tartar sauce is out of this world.  The bottom line is the restaurant is well worth it for speed and price, but you may need a cot under your desk a la George Costanza when you get back to the office.Cafeteria style.  You come here for the food and the low prices.  Tons of specials. 
Like sooooooo many New Orleans eateries, they close in the middle in the afternoon.  Why?  I totally would love to eat dinner here.
Had a fried shrimp po boy.  Awesome.  Shrimps abound.  Found my own shrimp colony in there!  It was like 9 bucks.
Wife had the red beans and rice special, which they only have on Monday's.  It was under 8 bucks.
Lots of businessmen eat lunch in here, that's how good it is, though they look really outta place as this joint hasn't been redecorated probably ever and it's like 50 years old.
Don't let that deter you.  They have all kinds of po boys and other stuff too.We give this place 5 stars for service and the bacon! The rest of the breakfast was okay - nothing fancy. The server and manager/owner made us feel so welcome and made sure we were happy. We went on a Wednesday morning and it was almost empty. It was a 2 minute walk from Le Pavillion Hotel where we stayed. We'd go again for sure.Had the shrimp po boy sandwich and loved it! It was late in the day so it was quiet and the waitress was really really nice.Wonderful breakfast! Grits & sausage cheese omelette for husband same omelette and HOMEMADE hash browns for me were perfectly prepared and delicious. Friendly fast service, very nice people. Pretty basic place but food is enough compensation.NOLA! P & G Restaurant! It's a must for local meat and three! The food looks amazing, the staff is incredibly friendly and accommodating! The locals are in abundance! We could not be happier to have stumbled upon this gem!Nestled amid offices and residential lofts in the Central Business District on Baronne Street is P & G.  I felt like a regular on my first visit and the wait staff are charming and outstanding.  The decor reminds me of a cafeteria.  P & G takes pride in the dishes they make, and the ingredients are fresh and use only the best.  The restaurant does not offer alcoholic drinks and the servers are charming women and they are all smiles.  I enjoy both of my visits and cleaned my plate; so, I would recommend going to P & R Restaurant for some home cookingP & G saved the day!
Being that we would always have late start to our day and would want breakfast during what is considered lunch time, this place had no problem serving us breakfast. Even to during their lunch rush!
Super nice servers, owner and staff overall.
Food was delicious and they were happy to take care of us. They also remembered us the next time we came in and our drink orders.
Definitely need to check them out. Wish I had tried something that they were known for. Regulars love them so they're doing something right.Don't be fooled by this restaurant's outward appearance.  It's a nice home-style, cafeteria-esk shop in the middle of downtown New Orleans.  We came here with our group during a conference because the reviews just raved about it.  Our group had a mix of dishes.  I had the gumbo and came away very satisfied with my meal.  It was savory and had all the flavors you're looking for as a tourist in the Big Easy.
After talking to the owner, he said that the place used to serve a bunch of the businessmen and businesswomen before the area was taken over by hotels.  It's definitely a must go to if you're near the superdome!Great value for breakfast. The cheese on the omelette turned it into a greasy affair. Service was good and rest of the food was great. Not a stylish place but good solid servings.Don't bother with the breakfast- expensive and greasy.  The club sandwich for lunch however hits the spot.Good home style plate lunches every week day at prices that can't be beat.The food was delicious. Had shrimp creole. Yummy!!! The best places are always the ones that aren't that fancy.Perfect place for a quick delicious inexpensive New Orleans style casual lunch while downtown! Had red beans with a piece of catfish & French bread. Very generous portion so ill need a box! Everything else looked really good.........It's a diner. Staff are very friendly. Breakfast food was diner-like. Bacon was flat and production-like produced. Didn't that all that great and looked like it came from a machine. I expected more since it looks like a diner. Perhaps they cater or something because it had a big kitchen, but the food was not very much like a local diner. 
Coffee was good.My GFF & I are from Houston Tx . We checked into the O'keef hotel twice , not because the O'keef is so comfortably incomparable but because P & G's is only steps down the street . O'keef managed our second reservation by inadvertently being located down the street from P&G . But I digress . After a night on bourbon street , P&G will bring you back to life by crafting the best breakfast on earth ! The bacon omelet or sausage ... Whatever your guilty pleasure is it will hammer the spot . It's cozy , quiet ( in the central business district but yes super chill) and the servers are not too familiar but not too distant . Wow what a joint , we happily fill up for $20 ! We need places like this in H, TX.Came here for breakfast . It seems like New Orleans is not really a "breakfast" kind of city. I mean most places offer the standard " eggs, bacon, grits, biscuit, coffee , OJ.
Not that I'm complaining !! The breakfast was good but I found it expensive here for the same thing you could get at Please U for half the price. 
I will say though... the lady who served was extremely friendly and had that "southern hospitality" 
She waited on us and then went back to buttering her rolls for the days po boys ( and she does em' one by one !)
She really cared about each po boy bread... so I'm sure they are good. 
This place may be good for lunch and dinner but breakfast might be a tad overpriced for what it is.When you first walk into this place, you know that this is where the locals go. The place is divey but clean. The menu is plain and simple. The thing to get is the biscuits. I can eat a half a dozen of those in one sitting. Maybe not but I would if my stomach allowed me. We were there for breakfast, so I don't have much to say about the po boys and other hot plates.Delicious food, served by really friendly staff, quickly and at a very reasonable price. Great location, especially if you are staying at the Fairfield Inn. Also clean and plenty of seating. I had the meatball sandwich and I'll be back tomorrow for something else.Awesome place for filling and quick lunch. The po boys were HUGE, and the prices were good (less than 8$ for a monsterous po boy that was essentially 2 meals worth). Service was fast, and the employees were friendly. I'd go back if I was ever in NoLa again.Came here our first day in New Orleans. Excellent food & service. Po boys were some of the best we had on the tripPo'boy, salads, soups & breakfast, lunch & dinner.   Delicious & quick.  Very friendly & excellent food.  It's like that Alice show really, when the chefs yell at each other lol, but all is great!  
Regulars dine here all of the time ordering Spaghetti & Meatballs, Hot Sandwiches, Green Beans you name it.  There's a chalk board w/ specials also.  You can sit & order or head to the cashier & Order.  Slot machines are in a corner also.  Breakfast was excellent so don't judge the spot. Enjoy it.  
Ordered the Hot cakes which are pancakes not Johnny cakes, delish & fluffy!  And the breakfast sandwiches.  Also a Corona lol!  The table next to us ordered po'boys that were huge shareable!  Looked delish for next time!This is a great lunch spot with daily specials and real New Orleans cuisine.  Gumbo was outstanding.If you want a good, solid and affordable breakfast in a down-to-earth, friendly local place other than your nearby hotel, come here!  We came in and were welcomed to sit anywhere we wanted.  Waitress was friendly and took good care of us.  They had hot cakes, omelets, biscuit breakfast sandwiches.  My husband and i got a sausage omelet with hash browns and biscuit.  My daughter got two hot cakes that were very generous in size and she said hers was good.  My son got a biscuit breakfast sandwich with cheese and sausage.  We devoured everything.  And they make fresh buttermilk biscuits.  My kids had to get one each even after they ate their breakfast.  I took a pic of my omelet and hash browns and also the fresh buttermilk biscuits.  Couldn't take a pic of my kids' food as they already started eating it up.  We saw that the other reviews said they do great poboys and had good fried seafood.  Must try if we are back this way.P & G is a decent option if you are looking for a quick inexpensive meal. It was close to our hotel and when we walked in, I was, to put it nicely, a little skeptical. The place is on the dingy side, but we sat down anyway for breakfast on a Tuesday morning. The service was friendly. We had eggs, bacon, biscuits, grits, coffee and orange juice. The food quality was ok, better than a Waffle House, maybe lunch would be better.This is place is too busy and cannot handle crowds! They mess up orders left and right!!! Order from them for lunch and their runners cannot get it right!Great food good service. Plain style. Recommended.This place is a simple breakfast place, but yummy and very inexpensive, the coffee was fresh and hot, and the biscuits were so fresh and delicious. Our eggs were perfect, i would go here again.Love this place, the owners and staff are extremely friendly and always give a smile when I come in!!!!Went after getting my ashes on Ash Wednesday because I was STARVING from the day before. I got their shrimp plate which was served with french fries or potato salad and a piece of buttered french bread.
My total came up to be around $10.xx 
Maybe it was because I was starving, but I thought the food was pretty decent this time around. I had a good bit of shrimp left over as well that was still tasty the next day...Grabbed a BLT po boy today for breakfast! The sandwich was good butttt the guy handling my food never put on gloves so -2 stars for that.Delicious, affordable, and quick. Kind of looks like a cafeteria so it isnt very aesthetically pleasing but definitely a great lunch spot. I had the stuffed crab cake po boy and couldn't finish it, lot of food!Wow! Felt like family! Super nice people! The po boy was superior! They aim to please! I'll be back! Probably for breakfast!Recommended by the hotel and didn't disappoint. The staff was amazing and the food was great!!I love this place, the breakfast is amazing, great portions, tasty just a minuté walking from my hotel. I really recommend this spot.This, ladies and gentlemen, is the best shrimp poboy in town! Forget the tourist traps and trendy spots, P&G's has been doing things right for nearly 30 years. Regulars are like family here and out-of-towners can feel right at home. It's a great spot to grab a quick hot plate for lunch, too. I love their meatballs and spaghetti.BULWARK OF OLD SCHOOL basic local food amidst the scary & myriad mid-rise condo renovations in the CBD (it's sorta like the house in "Up" but without the SQUIRREL!!!).
ESOTERIC: this is the kind of no-frills restaurant where construction workers and hotel employees break bread with bankers, attorneys and oil executives.  In fact it was here that my barber Pat (the only "white boy to grow up in the lower 9") confronted the mayor about the "Disney Landrieu-fication" of our business district to the applause of savvy patrons.  
WHY PAY $13 AT THE FOOD COURT for the disgusting burger plate at Hotsy's, when you can have a delicious lightly breaded, hot and creamy catfish platter with a side at  P & G for $9?  And besides, the hash slingers there don't call you "baby" like the charming ladies at P & G.A very nice old school place. Food is a good value.  Chicken fried steak was good not great.  Shrimp poboy was good. Fried catfish was good as well. Recommended.Kelley Clsrk
 · 3 minutes ago
I have been eating from P & G's ( Petro & Gus') for many years and still to this day, many years later, they never cease to amaze me. Good Quality food and Great Service. The employees are some of the most friendly and hard working people I have ever met. P & G's also has excellent catering to your needs. For many years I have had to set up catering for meetings and classes for the Company for which I work. P & G will not disappoint you! I guarantee! Even at last minutes needs, they are here for your great dining experience. So next time you need anything including catering, give P & G Restaurant and Bar a call at 504-525-9678 or fax 504-544-7780. They will be glad to have you. 
 Kelley C., Secretary, Amtrak New Orleans, La.I'm glad I found this place near the hotel. The wife and I loved the breakfast. They made me a breakfast po boy with smoked sausage and eggs that I wish I could have eaten more often. 
Plus, I saw the line for the lunch crowd come in. It's a great sign to see a lot of locals eat here. 
I'll be back if I wind up here again.This is definitely not on the radar for most tourists and that is a good thing.  Unassuming and cafeteria styled, the atmosphere may be devoid of charm, but the folks know how to deliver the Crescent City staples.  The shrimp po boy was just the perfect sandwich, well constructed, well balanced and filled with expertly fried, delicate, yet crunchy shrimp.  The bread did not take a back seat here, light, flavorful with an easy chew and crusty exterior,  it was the ideal vessel to get all the other fixings from the table to your mouth.  Forego ordering the fries as a side.  Saw many platefuls return to the kitchen virtually untouched.  Ask for a side of red beans and rice instead.  This smokey, dark and rich concoction was full of flavor from the beans, seasonings, sausage and ham hock meat.  This was the perfect bowl to add hot sauce to as it just elevated the already outstanding nuances of the dish.  Thank you P&G for cooking with a great deal of love and soul!So good!! Everyone was very friendly and the serving was huge. We both had the red beans and rice with sausage and it was great. VERY reasonably priced!! Must stop if you're looking for a place just off the beaten path.After being in New Orleans for several days for husbands work...I wanted something a little different than a Po Boy...fried shrimp or gumbo. I ordered the chicken fried steak.  Was disappointed when it came out and was a frozen pattie that has the texture of formed together ground dog food.  (Not sure why all fake chicken fry is like this) Was disappointed that such a down home place doesn't bread their own chicken fry...which I bet they could make deliciously if they tried!! Should have stuck to owners suggestion of going with something local. But being from Charleston, SC, the menus here in NOLA aren't much different than there. So I went ahead a tried to satisfy my craving for chicken fry.  I'm from OK originally...so that's just asking too much..lol!!  Also had a bowl of seafood gumbo after feeling guilty for not trying their local food..It was good.  Side of warm buttered French bread. All in all it was good..just should have tried the shrimp or catfish..which looked delish. Will go back..just not for chicken fry. Service was very friendly.  The chicken fry was the only issue.Havent been back to NOLA in a while so craving food. Never been here. Had gumbo. Amazing. Delicious and hit spot to go back to canal street. Staff was so nice. Missed "how you doing baby". Its pure NOLA. Definitely b back.Wasn't exactly what I expected but food was delicious!  Had the chicken fried steak and vegetables; everything had great flavor.  Atmosphere is down home.  All staff was friendly.  Would definitely eat here again.We came here for brunch one late morning before going on our plantation tours. It was roughly a block away from our hotel so the location was very convenient to walk to for a quick bite. Going between breakfast and lunch seemed to allow us to beat the crowd since business-looking men started trickling in around 11 AM. 
The restaurant is plain-looking; kinda reminds me of small hole-in-the-wall, cheap Chinatown bakeries/restaurants. Oh, well, no biggy. The food is delicious, which matters the most. There are food items already out in a cafeteria style manner and you can also select items from the menu. Regardless of what you order, the food comes out quickly. We got the bowl of gumbo, a shrimp po boy, and half muffaletta. Gumbo, delicious. Shrimp po boy, just OK to me (I haven't quite decided if I'm a po boy person). Muffaletta, huge and tasty. We didn't have the stomach size to try anything else here but I'm confident the other food they serve is solid. The prices are reasonable here too.This is a no frills restaurant with delicious food in the CBD. The meatballs as well as the portion size of the meal was really generous. The dining area was clean. There's a cute courtyard in the back that provides a great little view. I enjoyed my lunch here. I'll certainly eat here again.Quaint little hole in the wall spot for basic (very basic) food dining.  Nothing special at all about the decor - but had fun watching the turtles in the little atrium in the back.Very nice staff. We were greeted and seated upon entry. The food is good. Very inexpensive. Many of the locals eat here.
Breakfast was very good. Just had a sausage omelette with grits and toast. Cant go wrong with that. Wife had the hot cakes with sausage. I tried the local hot sausage. Different. I'll let you be the judge. LoLThis is great, simple, food. They have a wide variety of lunch specials daily that rotate on a weekly basis. I try to eat here every Friday. They have great crab cakes and I love their fried shrimp. The potato salad and mac & cheese are also delicious. The gumbo can be hit or miss sometimes, but when it's good it's really really good. The sandwiches and poboys look good, although I've never had one. They are always busy and run a no-nonsense counter. I know they deliver in the CBD, but I think there might be a minimum. 
If you're looking for a fast delicious lunch that will fill you up, go here!Great place for breakfast.  Tried the bacon omelette with cheese grits.  Very good, but you may like to know that cheese means 2 slices of American cheese laid over the grits.  Never had them that way before.
Service was great, food came fast.  I'll be back.
Oh, and  if you get a biscuit rather than toast it's a good biscuit, just one, the size of a fist but normal thickness.Great local neighborhood spot 
Was staying in the hotel across the street - walked in - and order the shrimp po boy - it was 12" long roll loaded with moist and delightful shrimp.    Locals came in all chatting with each other.    All was grTime to put P&G to the Waffle House year. Basically, the idea is Waffle House does a great breakfast, so everyone else should be at least as good as an All Star.
Environment: Think classic Southern diner. Atlanta used to have places like this on every corner. The staff and owner are very welcoming. 5/5
Coffee: Rather mundane. Considering the aesthetics, this is not surprising. It is about the same as Waffle House on a so-so day. Since I am only coming once, I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. 4/5
Eggs: Cooked right. Not rubber. Not still raw. I ordered them scrambled. 5/5
Meat: The hot sausage is local--at least that is what I was told. Regardless, it is fantastic! I want to order five more patties! Better than bacon. It is a little spicy. 5/5
Starch: I was led astray here. The menu says "hashbrowns". I guess what I got may be called hash browns, but I call them home fries. They were good with some hot sauce. The French bread was great! 3/5
Overall: 22/25 I say it's a winner. Stop bye for some good breakfast.This is definitely a hole in the wall place but it was fantastic!  I had the fried shrimp PoBoy with a side of mac and cheese.  The bread was soft and the shrimp were tender and fresh.  Mac and cheese was a huge portion.  The waitress was so sweet and wrapped my leftovers.  I complimented the owner and the chef and they were really funny!  Yes, they do like to yell at each other but it was comical.  Will definitely go there again since I work a few blocks away.  So much to discovery in this great city!  And you can't beat the price!Diner style for breakfast and bright and cheery. Waitress was friendly, even though she was very busy. 
The man who was working (sort of) seemed out of place and not very helpful to both staff and customers. 
Food was quick and yummy. Coffee was hot.Man oh man was this place a must eat. 
Everyone was so friendly, treated you like family. 
HEFTY portions for great prices!
After reviewing Yelp, we decided to listen to the people:
1. Red beans and rice with smoked sausage, delicious! Best I ever had
2. Gumbo, very very good
3. Fried shrimp - best I EVER had
4. Fried catfish - so soft and seasoned!
Will return!
Plus they had a really good/unique tartar sauce.