Charles the narrator really made this a great experience. His NOLA history was on point and funny, as we headed to the battlefield. The story of Hurricane Katrina on the return trip was gripping.
The onboard food buffet was good as well.Super nice cruise, very informative and fun, great way to learn some history of America.We did not eat, but we did have a drink at the bar.  The food was standard buffet fare.  Their was a jazz band playing but the evening was so nice that we hung out on the deck all night.  We really had a great time.  We had a groupon for the cruise so that made the price good, otherwise tickets were pretty pricey for the cruise.Such a good trip, the battle field visit was interesting and historical. Charles was awesome!We loved our cruise! I remember taking these cruises as a kid and now I'm taking my own children. Charles was our narrator and he was fantastic. We really loved stopping at the Battlefield and getting a run through on Katrina. The food was pretty good and all of the staff was very friendly.Charles was the narrator and he was fantastic! He told a moving recount of New Orleans during Hurricane Katrina and did an excellent job in articulating the history of city with all of its cultural influences. I would recommend this tour to anyone coming to New Orleans for the first time. Thanks again Charles!Charles is an expert at explaining the history of the battle of New Orleans and also the details of the storm. He definitely made the boat ride very unique and memorable.The tour and guide were incredible! Our guide painted a picture of where the Battle of New Orleans took place, and did a heart wrenching and intense recollection of the timeline with Katrina. A beautiful activity the whole family cab enjoy!Charles was an excellent tour guide and story teller. I thoroughly enjoyed the ride to the battlefield and the short tour of it.Went back "home" for my monthly trip to New Orleans to see my handsome BF. Booked a cruise for Sunday, 10/18/15 and it was such a gorgeous day on the Mississippi River. New Orleans has really great weather in the fall and spring...like Cali weather! 
Had reservations for 10am. We arrived 15 min earlier but we should have gotten there at 9:30am which would have prevented us from missing getting our preboarding picture taken. Boo! I love taking pics with my BF...I cherish all the memories. I'm sentimental like that!
So anyways, it was a 2 1/2 hour cruise. We had the pleasure of being able to listen to our Narrator/Guide, Christopher Tidwell, who had lots of energy and awesome stories to tell us about the history of New Orleans. We had even asked him if he could sit in the back seat of our car and take a tour so we can listen to all his storytelling. Very fun and informative man! He's got a great voice. Make sure you get him if you book a cruise on the Creole Queen. 
We were able to eat the brunch Buffett that they offer at 10:30am downstairs on the boat. For $14 each person, they had all you can eat Caesar salad, pasta, gumbo, jambalaya, and bread pudding and it comes with a drink. Not bad at all! The bread pudding was good and they serve it hot too! We went for seconds, thirds...fourth servings. 
A little windy during the boat ride so take a jacket. 
Half way through the trip we stopped at Chalmette Battlefield and we were able to explore for 30 minutes. Wasn't expecting to get off the boat but that made it even more exciting! Love the history of New Orleans. This old city has a lot of character. This is one cruise that you don't want to miss. What a steal on Groupon! Glad I was able to take advantage! Of course, it always matters who you're with also...it made it such a romantic cruise! LMLWent on the Chalmette battlefield tour. Charles our historian was top notch and knowledgeable.  Ask for tours when he's working - you want to be in his group!Wow! This tour was everything I could've hoped for and more. The boat is nice and clean. The tour guide, Charles, was amazing. His humor and tempo of his delivery was perfect. 
Our weather was perfect. Not windy and not too hot. 
The tour guide shared a bunch of information you won't learn in history books and gave some great tips on places to visit.
We didn't partake in the buffet on the boat since it costs extra but it did look and smell great.
I will definitely recommend this to anyone and do it again.We booked this cruise at our hotel and were given emailled tickets. We go to the boat a little early and waited in line with a lot of other people for about 20 minutes (because we lined up early). When we the line started to move and we went to check in we were told that they needed a ticket witj a bar code and we needed to leave the line and go get our barcode tickets at the ticket booth. 
So now we waited on line once again along with some people who were just purchasing tickets for the first time and others like us who had emailled tickets, but didn't convert them because we had no idea we needed to do that. It really would have been a great idea if someone from the cruise company would have told all of the people on line that if they didnt have a barcode they needed to go get one. This way we wouldn't have to wait in libe twice and lose our place in line. 
Once we got on the boat it was very nice. It was an enjoyable ride up the river. We really enjoyed the tour guide who was VERY knowledgeable. His name was Wendle and he was a wealth of information. 
The boat stopped at Chalmette where a battle took place. There wasn't much to see there. I would have rathered stay on the boat. 
Overall we liked the trip, especially Wendle's presentation.Charles was amazing historic narrator he gave us so much informations specially of Katrina. He made it fun and interesting we will recommend to all our friend thank you Charles!Booked the dinner/jazz cruise as we were first timers in NOLA. It is a buffet dinner with a band of 3 playing some live jazz music. The cost was $77/pp for a 2 1/2 hour dinner cruise. The food was Ok nothing to rave about and the entertainment was OK. I was just looking for a much more lively atmosphere and it felt blah and boring. I believe this dinner cruise is more tailored to the 60+ crowd.first off I was curious about this before so just to answer for anyone else no outside food or drinks, security checks purses lol. not sure if they will make you trow away a sandwhich but I did have to toss my starbucks before boarding..still didn't negatively affect my day just an FYI.
-was debating between the natchez and creole queen, but was beyond happy with my choice and experience on the queen. You get a live historic narrative tour of new orleans history and a chance to ask the historian any remaining questions you have at the end, Wendel is awesome!! love the storyville history. They have a full bar and endless bloody Mary's and a buffet for purchase as well as bathrooms and plenti of indoor and Covered seating in case of rain. Also one of best parts is you get to stop and tour the battle field of the battle of new orleans included it's like a 2 for 1 bonus as opposed to just getting the boat ride. You get  narrative of the battle from a park ranger and it's a short but detailed account which leaves you time to explore the battlefield on your own. A+++The wife and I took the 2pm cruise.  The cruise was very informative about the battle of New Orleans, and the history of the French Quarter and surrounding areas. The price was very reasonable and only a short walk from the French Quarters and a lot of hotels.  The walk on the battlefield was also a nice break and provided history on the battle.  Well worth the 2.5 hoursWe had such a great time on this tour! Wendel was our guide and we thoroughly enjoyed all the great information and history he shared. He is a wonderful storyteller and made the trip really fun and interesting. We did a lot of things in New Orleans, but this was one of the highlights. Thing to note: even though the email that sends you your tickets says you don't need a hard copy, you still do. Go to the ticket counter when you get there, show them your email tickets and they will print you off hard copy tickets.We had a wonderful time on this tour. Wendell the historian was knowledgeable and entertaining.We had an excellent riverboat ride. Historian, Charles, was smart and witty. He made history fun. His details about Katrina moved me to tears. I grew up in South Louisiana and this was my first riverboat cruise. I highly recommend it.All in all...the tour guide (Dr. Wendell!) was the person who made the tour. He was well informed on the history of the city and the history of the Battle of New Orleans. He welcomed questions about any and everything about New Orleans. He also added some stories from the aftermath of Katrina. He recommended that we go to Frenchmen Street for some good live music and it was the best recommendation me and my friend have gotten since we came to the city! We really enjoyed ourselves all thanks to Wendell!I visited New Orleans for the first time in January and this cruise provided the perfect introduction to the city.   Our tour guide, Charles, was the highlight, but the lunch buffet and bottomless mimosas were pretty good too.  His delivery style is similar to that of Ben Bailey and he knew how to keep everyone engaged with his phenomenal storytelling.  Definitely stick around for the optional account of Katrina at the end.Great history lesson while cruising the Mississippi.  Our guide Charles Tidmore was fantastic.  The fact that he is a direct descendent of a New Orleans founding family makes the information he shares even more interesting. Learned lots of fun facts about New Orleans culture and customs along with details of Battle of New Orleans.  Wish we would have had more time at Battlefield.   Great way to spend an afternoon!Charles was great! History stories very informative. The food was ok they had a buffet 20 plate it's self 7. Recommendation: Buy the power pass $200 and make reservations here free.Great cruise down the Ole Miss, buffet has plenty of options. Great stories regarding NOLA history. Even offer Military discounts. Just pour better drinks...The historical cruise is an absolute blast. The guide, Charles, spoke engagingly about both the Battle of New Orleans and - very movingly - about Hurricane Katrina.
The bar staff were very attentive and pleasant, and the food and drink prices were very reasonable (although the portions were on the smaller side).Awesome trip and amazing history story telling by Charles, especially the story of Katrina. Thx for the history lesson of this wonderful city Charles!The tour is a must when visiting in New Orleans. The Chalmette Battlefield is interesting and Charles was great!This was a fantastic addition to our New Orleans trip! We learned much about the history of the city as well as the immediate and long term impact of Katrina on New Orleans. Charles was an amazing narrator, story teller, and historian. He made the beautiful trip even better.We went on the cruise today. Charles was the narrator. He is very dynamic, intelligent and wore a very cool hat. He taught about New Orleans, it's history, wars, and really helped us understand what happened to the land and people the days and weeks after Katrina.The paddle boat creole queen is about what you'd expect, but the tour guide is phenomenal. On the way out to the site of the battle of New Orleans Charles, our guide, gave a history of the US, France, Canada and New Orleans and how the parts fit together that I had never learned before. We had about 25 minutes at the battlefield with a visitors center, again with a great guide. On the way back Charles' account of hurricane Katrina was informative and moving. Overall a really special part of our visit to New Orleans.Rude Staff, Poor service
My family and friends (group of 11 in total including impressionable teenagers) went on the 10 AM Creole Queen Historic Cruise on Sunday, December 31, 2017.
The good - Tour guide Charles was outstanding. He was passionate, dedicated and made this an interesting experience.
The bad - After visiting the battle field, we proceeded to the lower level (creole room) and chose the port side seating for our ride back. No sooner than we settled down a lady staff told us that we can't have those seats, as they were 'restaurant seats' and we'll have to move to another table across the boat to the starboard side. We complied with the request. This new table accommodated 8 of us and the rest had to stand. Then the bartender (from the level above - Queen room) came down to tell us that we cant sit in that table either. and told us to move to another table, which was already occupied!!!! He then proceeded to pompously tell us that "as a courtesy" he will accommodate us in that table, but all eleven have to squeeze in. I asked this person why we cant sit on any of the other tables. He said that the boat has open seating and we can only sit where he has designated us to sit and have to manage. I asked him why we are not considered part of the 'open seating' as we are paid customers. He just got angry and said " I am telling you for the last time" and repeated that he has as a courtesy he is allowing us to be seated in that table. I mentioned to the bartender that I understand what he is communicating, but just that I find it unreasonable. He just walked away. As this discussion is going on, we found other people sitting on those tables in the port side. The bar tender did not give those customers the same treatment. He allowed them to sit there even if they were not eating on those tables.
Our group felt belittled with the experience, and felt disgusted with this bartender's attitude, and treatment of customers.
Our group debated what could have been the reason, and some of them felt that it could have been racial. The lady who originally asked us to move out eventually came and said 'sorry'. Tour guide Charles, who probably witnessed some part of the incident came to us and apologized - which was not required from him at all. He did not have to do it. What a gentleman.
To whoever is in-charge of this Creole Queen Historic Cruise, we are not looking for your courtesy. We want to be treated like how paid customers should be treated.
My advise to anyone else who encounter such an incident - stand your ground. If you are still harassed, call the police.Great tour. The narrative of the battle of General Andrews was terrific. And the description of Katrina and the city's efforts to come back and be great again are educational and emotional to say the least.I would recommend this to any first timers to NOLA. Great short overview of the city, a battle, and the events of hurricane Katrina. The narrator was Charles and he was absolutely lovely and riveting.Great music, great food, and great people. What more can a girl ask for? Thank you Jasmine for serving my drinks. You are the epitome of excellent customer service and I am so happy to have had you as our bartender!We brought our 3 and 4 year olds for the first time, they loved it.  The staff was so friendly and accommodating.  The boys loved the music and while the dinner food is not necessarily set up for kids; mine loved it and ate a little bit of everything.  I love being able to go inside and outside and all over the boat.  It's just about the perfect length of time.  It could even be 15-20 minutes shorter.  The boat itself is very cool with the huge paddle in the back.  They sell pictures so if you go make sure you find the photographer to see the pictures you take before boarding.  We stayed at the Hilton and it is absolutely the perfect location, you literally walk out the back of the hotel, through the shops and you are right at the dock.  While there were not many kids on the cruise, I would say it is a fun experience for kids.The ride down the Might Mississippi was delightful. Beautiful weather on an early Spring day. I would suggest you wear sunscreen as I returned burned to a crisp! My mistake. What made this cruise most memorable was the guide, Charles. His melodic baritone voice and entertaining and educational narration was outstanding. His very personal recount of the events during and following Katrina had me in tears. It was so emotional and vivid, I felt like I was experiencing this tragedy myself. I think we owe it to the people of New Orleans to listen to and appreciate their history.What an amazing historian on board this very nice cruise! Charles was outstanding and made me feel as if I was there during oral history of Katrina. One awesome storyteller! A must do in NO!I thoroughly enjoyed this historical cruise. The boat was amazing and the crew was so friendly. My family and I were relaxed and enjoying the scenery. What made the tour exceptionally memorable was the guide Charles. He was audible and enjoyable. He made the subject matter interesting and effectively tied it to the scenery. What was really touching was when he spoke about Hurricane Katrina. It is one thing to hear the story from the news and politicians of the time. It is a completely different thing to hear the story of what happened from the perspective of someone who experienced it. My family and I highly recommend this tour and would do it again. 
~From the San Francisco Bay AreaY'all, this is so much more than a boat ride. I live in NOLA and with the constant flow of friends and family coming to visit, I do a lot of touristy activities. This by far is the best.
The narrator Charles Chesnutt is beyond AMAZING!  On the way to Chalmette Battlefield, he gives a passionate and funny account of New Orleans history, folklore and commonly believed inaccuracies of the city's history. Then, on the way home, his first person account and incredibly moving tale of Katrina, the aftermath, and the rebuilding process makes you feel as if you were there. If you don't shed at least one tear ... you're dead inside!  I've always known how much I love this city and now I know what a treasure Charles is too!  #charleswillyoumarryme #nolalivingAbsolutely a highlight of the New Orleans visit is this historical river boat tour with Wendell as the guide and a live historical actor showing the battlefields. Wendell covers early American History and Louisiana's place in it. Fantastic!!! One of the best guides we've ever had in vacation!!This was an enjoyable tour. Charlie, who narrates the tour, is not only knowledgeable but also funny. He provided lots of historical information that I had forgotten about with respect to Louisiana. The ride was relaxed and comfortable even with the misting rain from time to time as there are plenty of coverage options. The time at the battlefield was short, but enough to see the mini museum and walk up inside of the monument.  There is a bar and food on the boat. I cannot speak to the food as we didn't eat, but the bar was reasonably priced and had a good selection of beverages, including the famous hurricane.Could not be more pleased with our experience on the morning battlefield tour today.  The guide, Christopher, was extremely well informed and provided a wealth of New Orleans history from its founding and early settlers through the Battle of New Orleans -- rounded out with some more recent history and cultural anecdotes likely to be of wide interest.  He was entertaining and high-energy without being overbearing.  The boat ride itself was exactly as billed: on time and well organized; no complaints.  Views along the ride provided nice scenery and a sense of New Orleans geography.  Did not try food or drink so can't comment on that.  Overall, a terrific value that I would highly recommend.This was such a fun excursion and definitely a highlight from our recent vacation in New Orleans! The cruise took us to Chalmette, where we got to walk around and listen to a park ranger talk about the Battle of New Orleans.
What truly made this experience special was our tour guide, Charles. Charles has an amazing speaking ability and probably one of the most engaging people I've ever listened to (and this is coming from someone who gets bored easily). His account of New Orleans' history and Katrina was so captivating and impressive . . . I would recommend him in a heartbeat. Overall, great excursion in New Orleans, and if Charles is the tour guide, you are in for a real treat!The cruise was nice and the weather was perfect for a tour on the Mississippi River.  Before boarding, a photographer takes a picture of you and gives it to you (purchase) before you leave.  
The paddlewheeler takes you through the Port of New Orleans by some of the NOLA landmarks.  The captain gives you a little history about the different places.  We stop off at the Jean Lafitte National Historical Park and Preserve where you can tour the Chalmette Battlefield, the Malus-Beauregard House and the Chalmette Monument.  Great landscapes, took lots of pictures.  They sound the horn to call us back but you can't hear it so make sure to keep track of the time.  There is a guide that wants 10 mins of your time to tell you about the history but you have a limited about of time for the tour so i suggest bypassing this.  He talks to much.  Is that mean?  Sorry.
It's about a two and a half hour tour and it was enjoyable.  We did both the paddleboat tour and the land tour and loved them both.  We got a $5 discount each for doing both tours.Awesome relaxing tour to a historic landmark of American history. The narrator (whose name I have regretfully forgotten) passionately entertained us with a most interesting narrative during the entire tour. Well done and thank you.The paddleboat itself is a decent experience but the tour historian   charles was very much over the top with time spent on the storm damage to the area.  We all were hurt by the storms along the coast and not an experience to forget but mention it and move on. A real downer is what he created. Not a way to end a tourist excursion.Wendell the resident historian did a great job talking about NOLA history on our way to the Chalmette Battlefield.  A very nice way to spend a few hours!After you read this - if you still want to go:
1. Find the $5 coupon online and print it out. Have a hardcopy with you when you pay or pickup tickets at the booth. Its $5 a person which can save you some decent money if you have a group. 
2. Parking is at the Riverfront mall parking garage; Get your parking ticket validated for $7 off. Its easy and worth it. 
Regarding the Cruise:   
The trip down to Chalmette was fine. The narration on the way seemed factual and was interesting.
The Park Ranger and info at the Battlefield was also very interesting. Hustle back to the boat when the Ranger is finished talking. The Captain isn't playing around and keeps a tight schedule. 
The ride back...If Charles is your "tour guide" than this is then a 100% TALKING TOUR.  On the return trip, you will not have very much "free time" to sit around, relax and chat with your family or friends as you would expect to enjoy a paddle boat cruise. 
Charles acts like he is taking a "survey" of who wants to hear his Katrina story, but by his own admission he just goes by past experiences of being requested to tell it. So if he states over the loud speaker the word "survey" - rest assured you are going to get his dramatic Katrina recount like it or not, and "free time" is about over. 
He will tell you prior to the story telling that if you don't want to hear the "intense" (his word) story, your other choice is to go sit inside and sit in the dining area. 
What follows is a dramatic, opinionated, semi-factual Katrina "recap" story as told by a Texan who moved here a few years ago (read his bio on their website).  He will try to authenticate it however by mention of his Aunt and Uncle and their experiences. 
http://www.creolequeen.com/news/blog/charles-chestnutt-creole-queen
What we observed was that it was not enjoyed by the locals who were seated around us (they eventually retreated to inside to get away.)
Note - If you are seated outside as he strolls the deck with microphone in hand, you better listen up and not talk to anyone around you. This guy will come by and dismiss you to the inside dining area because the ride back is clearly "his" time to shine on a script that although very rehearsed is also speculative at times. (By the way Holy Cross DID rebuild a new state of the art facility, just in a different part of town.)
We enjoyed the first half of the trip; it was just as we expected. The second half of the trip makes me wonder if the management of the Creole Queen really knows whats going on with the day to day operations.
The bartenders and the other staff members on the boat were all very friendly.We had the cruise-only, and it was great!  The rest of our party had the dinner as well, and they didn't seem overly impressed.  My son is a vegetarian, and it certainly wasn't worth the fee.  Beautiful ride, though.  Could have done without the million kids running around and running around and running around, but such is life.  Good experience.  Great pictures.New Orleans is such a beautiful historic town and the best way to learn some history with a pleasent view is to take this cruise! CHARLES was one of the best tour guides and story tellers I have ever heard. His energetic poetic energy made the trip!! Thanks again for a nice boat ride.This was fun!  We did the dinner and Jazz ride.  Someone had advised us to not do this, but we wanted to experience the whole "paddle boat" thing, so we ignored them...  And I'm glad we did!
The food was VERY good!  Not like Michelin Star worthy, but in my opinion it was better than Emeril's Delmonico.
Next time I visit NOLA I'd like to take the historical tour.  I love early US history and, from what I've heard of the historical tour,  I think I'd really enjoy it!The battlefield trip was perfect length and exquisite! Charles was our narrator, and while his historical tales were lucid and entertaining, his recounting of the Katrina disaster was downright passionate - NOT your typical tour guide. Love that the paddle wheel DOES drive the boat which makes the trip that much more authentic. Enjoyed the light on the water, the fresh breeze, changing scenery, and the walk through history. Not to be missed!Wonderful and very informative cruise. Charles knew his history and kept us laughing.Very educational, beautiful boat. Kind of boring but that's more my struggle with history not the way they told it! Full bar and it was a nice break to walk around the battle field.Our narrator Charles was the best. We took the cruise to the battlefield and it was truly the best!  You will learn and enjoy this!!Gosh, this was so damn fun! Maceo Parker was booked to sing on this evening cruise, backed by the Head Hunters (Herbie Hancock's band.) We were scheduled for a 10p departure but actually left 30 minutes late. The band played downstairs in hold. There was A/C and full bar but you could barely tell we were cruising the mighty Mississippi. There was no boat and river ambiance. The top deck was really the place to be-- the evening breeze, views and river life were magical. Thankfully the promoter had an excellent DJ up there and people were dancing away. I sat in the back bench, watch life roll by and no sooner than we started did the ship pull up to the dock and we disembarked. Quick two hours. I remember thinking "I want to do this again tomorrow night." Sadly, there was nothing scheduled. Next year please?It was a great leaning and entertaining experience. The guide, Charles, is such a tremendous storyteller. From his narrative my friends and I learned a lot which otherwise would not have been known to us.My Wife, Myself and another couple had intended on taking a Steamboat tour up the Mississippi for a dinner buffet but upon arriving to New Orleans we discovered that the company operating that tour was temporarily closed. My friend who was there with his Wife is a travel agent so he looked over his discount book and found the Creole Queen was one of the things he received a discount on. We had heard of this tour before hand and were considering it, $5 off sealed the deal making the tour $22 per person. 
Upon boarding we sat in doors because of the weather and felt it was decent in doors, had the weather been better then we would have enjoyed it more outside but that is not there fault. They had a small menu with food items for sale along with a bar so we grabbed a sampling of Gumbo and some drinks and enjoyed the guided tour as we went up the Mississippi. It was very informative and enjoyable.
We arrive at the sight of one of the Battles of 1812 and we were informed over the PA system that we might have a guided tour by a park ranger but they cannot guarantee this seeing how they are Government employees. We were far behind the group so we just guided ourselves taking pictures. The Plantation was beautiful and the grounds were breath taking, we took great pictures and boarded the boat again.
The ride back had just music playing and made the trip back feel twice as long, I would have loved if they would have had some type of second part to the tour so we could be occupied on the ride back.I am rating this experience 5 stars because Charles, the tour guide, was amazing. He was totally pumped to take us to the Chalmette Battlefield. He pieced the story together with wit and an obvious care for detail. For someone who knows only a little about American history, it really shed new light on New Orleans. Thank you for making the trip so much fun.This was a complete spur of the moment trip.  We saw the paddle wheel and jumped on.  Alittle to our surprise it was right up our alley as a history cruise.  Our tour guide was Charles and by far the best tour I've ever taken.  He was very passionate about the tour and kept everyone entertained.  Fortunately the government was shut down today and allowed Charles to tell a great recap of the Battle of New Orleans.  We would do this tour again and recommend it to anyone.Loved it 
Charles was the storyteller and he was fantastic.  His story of about Katrina brought tears to my eyes 
Would recommend this excursion highlyMothers Day, upon arrival at the ticket office they told me the boat was broken and would not sail for the Mothers Day Brunch. 
They only offered a 20 credit for my prepaid $68 ticket. Not a full refund.. Then. Stood in the rain waiting to get on a boat that was not sailing while the security looked at the crowd getting wet.   So for $48 I got the worst food Ive ever had. The salad seem like it was sitting out all night, eggs were over cooked, bread pudding was burnt on the bottom, I had 3 fruit flys in my coffee, and a band making fun of the fact the boat was broken..Wonderful experience! Exceeded expectations. One never knows what to expect with a buffet but the food was excellent. Beautiful and romantic views and the staff was wonderful. Loved the jazz band. Obviously we took the evening Jazz dinner cruise and it was totally worth $79! We did this on our last evening in NOLA and it was the perfect way to end a wonderful trip. Will be back! Thanks crew!Infomative cruise,  learn history you may not know.  Friendly crew and very welcoming.This review is for the Creole Queen Jazz Dinner Cruise.  Where to start?  On a positive note, I can say that the food wasn't horrible.  Very average buffet food, not the worst I've ever had.  And the alcoholic drinks actually had some liquor in them.  Now here is everything else, chronologically:
1)  Advertised as a "3 Hour Cruise" - NOT!   It's a 2 (TWO) hour cruise (7-9pm).  NEWSFLASH:  Early boarding does not turn a 2-hour cruise into a 3-hour cruise.  
2)  Our party of 6 booked WAAAY in advance for Thanksgiving Day 2015.  Got a phone call 7 days in advance letting us know that they were cancelling the cruise for that day, and we'd have to switch to another day.  It was a ton of work switching our itinerary around so that we could take our Thanksgiving dinner cruise on the day before Thanksgiving, which is what they were offering.  Most tourists don't have a lot of flexibility, and we didn't appreciate the late cancellation.
3)  Parking - what a NIGHTMARE!!!  No parking, no adequate instructions to prepare you in advance for the lack of parking options, not even any SIGNAGE when you arrive!  WTH?  Navigation got us to the address, but there is no SIGNAGE for the Creole Queen or entrance so I finally called from the car after we drove around for 15 minutes trying to figure out where the heck the entrance was.  ME:  "Hi, can you help us?  We can't find the entrance or where to park?"  RESPONSE:  "We're not responsible for parking."  ME:  "I understand, but we have reservations - could you let us know what the parking options are, and where the entrance is?"  RESPONSE:  "You better hurry because we leave in 15 minutes."  Really?  How tough would it be to send parking options with your email confirmation, and to put up a SIGN pointing the way to the dock?
4)  There is no explanation for the strange, rude lady in the dockside ticket booth.  She was angry, annoyed and miserable - and she conveyed all this to us with her less-than-charming demeanor.  There was some printing glitch on their end, and as we waited endlessly (and breathlessly having run 5 blocks in the dark from the parking we eventually found at the other side of town) for her to give us our reserved tix, I said "could you kindly let the boat know we're coming so they don't leave?"  Her response was a clipped "I OWN the boat and they do what I tell them."  So when we got on the boat, we later mentioned in passing to a staff member that we had talked to the "owner" in the ticket booth, and he just laughed and said it was corporately owned and no one ever saw the men who owned it.  
4)  It was a sad, morose, depressing little "cruise."  Granted, there were only about 50 people AT MOST on the cruise - I'm guessing 5% of their capacity.  Instead of seating us in one of the smaller, nice dining areas on the middle or upper decks, they closed those and opened the cavernous, dark, low-ceiling water level dining room which probably seats 500.  We were at water level, really couldn't see anything, and the few people on board were scattered around an empty dining area.  The "maître d'" inexplicably seated us at a table where we couldn't see the little musician combo playing to an EMPTY room.  When we asked to change to one of the 100 empty tables, he got upset.  Then he switched us to a table in the back, with no windows and next to the bar.  WEIRD.  It's a Mississippi dinner cruise!  You're supposed to look at the MISSISSIPPI River!! 
The boat took off with no fanfare and nary a whistle-blow.  Would it have killed them to toot the ole' Riverboat horn?  We just kinda noticed we were moving.  So then we sat there waiting to be told when the buffet dinner would be served.  As 7:30 rolled around and no one was eating, we finally figured out that everyone (all 40-50 people on board) had boarded early and already eaten!  What?  We couldn't see that the buffet was laid out, because it was way at the other end of the cavernous empty dining room.  We raced over to the buffet then before they closed it up - and the food wasn't horrible, although I dare anyone to have found more than a single piece of sausage in the jambalaya, or more than a shrimp in the gumbo.
We left depressing lower deck after eating, and went upstairs - why on earth didnt they open those dining rooms???   We got some more drinks, stayed upstairs on the outside deck with the other miserable guests all trying to make the best of the $80 per ticket cruise.  And we had to watch and listen to the Natchez Jazz Dinner Cruise boat go by gaily tooting their horn on a boat filled with guests.  The Creole Queen never blew her horn, or did much of anything for that matter.  Now I haven't tried the Natchez, but after spending time in New Orleans on this trip I can say that paintings and photos abound with pix of the Natchez Riverboat.  I can't say it was any better, but watching the Natchez from the sad, empty dining room on the Creole Queen I was sure wishing I was on the Natchez that night...My friends and I enjoyed the historical cruise tour. Cruise narrator, Charles, was very knowledgeable of the area and was entertaining.Wendell did a great job with naration along the way.  The stop at Chalmette was very interesting.   There is a nice museum there.  My only wish would have been to have a little more time there.  Great cruise....great price!Wow. This was a fantastic afternoon made absoflippinglutely AMAZING by the extraordinary narration of the onboard historian, Charles. Seriously. The battlefield is cool, but go for the narration. BRILLIANT. (Also, a solid hurricane... Both the beverage and history of Katrina...) We purchased our tickets through the New Orleans Sightseeing Pass. A great value and definitely worth your time while in NOLA.Good time! Informative and beautiful boat. Wendall the guide was interesting! Would recommend if you are a history buff in NOLA wanting to know more about the war in new orleans. Takes you to battlefield and along the Mississippi.Excellent tour - excellent guide . One of the highlight oft trip to New Orleans . Highly recommend this tour . your guide Chris was knowledgeable and excited to share his stories.Charles absolutely made the trip! I especially enjoyed his narration about Katrina!  Very moving.Such a fun time on the dinner cruise.  The music was entertaining.  The food was plentiful (we boarded at 6 pm).  The staff was very attentive.  Would go again!Beautiful tour of the Mississippi. $14 buffet is worth it (the seafood pasta is great) and the top deck is a nice place to sit. Charles is an incredible guide with a very moving bit about Katrina. Highly recommend this experience!Lovely tour. Wendell is an awesome guide. Very knowledgeable and friendly. 
Great views and the tour of the battleground is fascinating. 
We highly recommend.Charles was a great story teller and the information he provided checked out on Google. It was humbling to hear about the Katrina events and also shed some light on my thoughts of "why didn't they leave in time".  
I really enjoyed the cruise down the Mississippi River on the Creole Queen. The food was delicious. I especially liked the corn bread muffins and red beans with rice. I haven't found red beans thick like theirs anywhere else in the Big Easy. 
The battlefield portion was okay, it would've been nice to have more time there to explore and visit the grave sites. 
Overall it was a good tour and I am glad I went on it.Very enjoyable riverboat cruise on a pleasant afternoon.  Very knowledgeable historian, Charles, on board who kept us captivated the entire trip.  Nice little bar onboard.   Didn't eat but the food looked and smelled wonderful.We took the boat ride to Chalmette Battlefield and listened to excellent lectures about the history of the city and Hurricane Katrina given by Charles. The park ranger who described the Battle of New Orleans was excellent as well. Highly recommend for history buffs, and the meal was surprisingly good, too.My husband and I enjoyed this dinner cruise very much. We were both tired from travel, needing dinner and also the outdoors. This cruise and dinner fit the bill. We tasted the food New Orleans is famous for (best bread pudding ever), listened to a live band and watched as the shore line passed.  The moon was setting and the air was perfect. Very peaceful evening.The history tour is a blast for history buffs! A brief history of the town told by a genuinely intelligent and interesting man in Charles that is humorous and informative. After a brief time at the battle site, the orator gives a stirring account of the aftermath of Katrina.Don't waste your money on this cruise. The narration of the history of the Mississippi was good, but that's the only thing. We were not allowed to bring any food on the boat, but people were allowed to bring their cigarettes and cigars. You cruise up the Mississippi, and then the boat stops for an hours do you can explore an old battlefield. There were not enough seats for everyone, so people were sitting on the steps. People then going up and down the steps could not use the handrails. Very dangerous, and no one telling these people they could not sit on the steps! The whole time we were on the boat we kept thinking of all of the other things we could have been doing and seeing. Again, my advice is do not waste your money.Great afternoon on the Mississippi River today aboard the Creole Queen. Traveled five miles down river to historic Chalmette battlefield site. Terrific onboard guide, Wendell, shared history and current context with interest and enthusiasm. A National Park ranger met us at Chalmette to continue the story. Nice to watch the busy flow of activity on the river and along its banks. Crew was professional and welcoming. We ticketed for the cruise only (without optional food offerings). Cash bar on board.If there is one thing you do, do the jazz cruise offered by this company. We went in early July 2018. 
The jazz cruise took place in the evening and we spent about 2 hours on the water while a fun and charismatic jazz band plays and creates a wonderful atmosphere while you cruise over the Mississippi River. 
We didn't take the buffet option as we decided to spend time on the top where the jazz band was playing. The top was open so you could feel the cooling summer air while watching the sun set. You could still go down and purchase drinks from the bar. 
We also did the historic cruise which was really great too, but the jazz cruise was by far my favourite ! 
The staff on both cruises were friendly and helpful which made the experience great.Excellent.  Charles was the guide and is amazing. Fantastic story teller. Ask him to tell the Katrina storyThe guide, Charles, elevates this tour from good to absolutely phenomenal. He is very knowledgeable of NOLA history and society, and his talk was fascinating, entertaining and engaging for everyone in our group of seven, who ranged in age from ten to eighty.  His awesome "radio voice" and perfect, mellifluous delivery combined with his personal and family stories bring the history, both older and more recent, to life in a vivid, relatable way. I only wish we'd had another 15-20 minutes at the visitor center museum.Food was great for riverboat food.  I was seriously impressed with the red beans and rice.  The Deluxe Lunch for $13 is MORE than enough for two people.  Cruise was a little long and at an odd hour (2 pm).  It would be nice if they would offer a cruise from 12-2 with a boarding time of 1130 so it doesn't feel like your whole day is shot.  Other than that, great time!Paid $129.00 for each person to smell cigarette smoke repeatedly.  Buyer beware... You can't escape... There is no fresh air on the Mississippi. Insert cough  enjoyed trip and staff was friendly.  Food meh.This is a trip highlight. I'm so Glad we decided on this excursion instead of the dinner cruise. Charles our announcer was great!!! We got to see the Battlefield of 1812 and got the story of how we defeated the British with a diverse and small army of men. On the way back we learned the details of what really happened during hurricane Catrina. What an incredible city!!! Its so important to really learn about New Orleans while here.This was a really fun little trip to do while on spring break. It's $25 for 2.5 hours and they have food and a bar on the boat! The captain will point out places on land and give a little history about them and then drops everybody off at the New Orleans Battlefield for another little tour, you can walk around yourself or listen to the tour guide... I suggest walk around by yourself. Get back on the boat and head back to the dock. They take pictures before you get on and they're only $10! Everybody was very nice and it was a really relaxing boat ride with a little NOLA history :)We loved it! We bought the NOLA power pass, so this was included in our package, and we ended up paying extra to get the buffet. Well worth it! 
Our tour guide, Wendell, was delightfully charming in a geeky, history buff sort of way. He had some great information to share as we cruised down the river. We left the Creole Queen wishing there were more people like Wendell in this world.
The buffet was excellent! It gives you a good sample of some traditional New Orleans foods. The bread pudding was also delicious - my favorite! Plus, the bottomless mimosas/bloody marys were wonderful!
I recommend this for anyone wanting some good afternoon entertainment/food!We did the journey to the battlefield and this tour was beyond fantastic. Charles was our narrator and I l armed so much from the tour about New Orleans. I would highly recommend.we loved the cruise and the Narrator "Charles" was excellent. would do it again in a heartbeatTldr; the engine broke down and we were stranded. 
I rated this one star, and I will tell you why. My husband and I wanted to go on this nice historic river boat ride. We thought Creole Queen would be perfect, it was a good size and nicely priced. There were 350 people on our boat. 
There was no room for about half the people to sit. Right before we were about to dock to tour the Chalmette battlefield, the engine breaks down and we are stuck. THE ENGINE BREAKS DOWN AND WE ARE STRANDED. Not how I wanted to spend my afternoon. At all. 
They sent tour buses to pick us up, but they didn't show up until 30 minutes after being stranded, and then it was a 30 minute bus ride back to the river walk. I definitely want my money back. Not worth the 50 dollars at all. This was a disappointment.Great History onboard the Creole Queen. Charles, our guide was amazing. We truly loved his talk about hurricane Katrina. He was a wealth of knowledge and entertaining, too. Highly recommended this tour, it was the only one we did while in New Orleans and worth it!I'm originally from NOLA, and brought my husband and daughter there for the first time.  The Creole Queen did me proud!  We ALL loved it!  It was a relaxing ride, all the staff was great (re-enactor and park ranger included), the trip to the battlefield was terrific, and the food was good.  But most of my praise goes to Charles Chesnutt.  His telling of the history of New Orleans was fascinating and engaging.  We couldn't get enough.  Then he recounted the story of Katrina, and I couldn't help but cry.  He is a master storyteller and was warm and genuine in his emotion.  We plan to go again and will recommend the tour to everyone visiting and everyone we know living in the area.  Thanks so much for a very memorable experience.We have a condo in New Orleans and get down there around 10 times a year.  The other day we decided to "play tourist" and took the 2 1/2 hour trip to the battleground.  I have to say, it was delightful.  The highlight was actually the guide that gave the fascinating history leading up to the Battle of New Orleans, so a shout out to Wendel Stout for a job well done.  This should really be part of a trip to New Orleans as it offers a great view of the river, the city, and a comprehensive historic perspective.Our tourguide Charles made the trip a complete pleasure. Excellent mix of humour, history, personal anecdotes and drama.
Great work!The food was good. General service great. The deck manager left a very bad impression. It was freezing outside and we requested to sit indoors on the second deck after dinner...and we required no service... however, the deck manager insisted that area was closed. Very disappointed after booking for a 50+ party. Terrible customer service. Abrupt, curt and generally rude.We took the morning tour in November and found not only the weather to be perfect, but also Charles is a most excellent storyteller.  His account of the events surrounding Hurricane Katrina was equal parts powerful, haunting, and reverent.  If he ever writes a book, I'd be one of the first in line to buy a copy.  
The Battlefield stop was nice since we had good weather (if it were hot, I'd be miserable.), the lunch buffet was good, and $10 bottomless Bloody Marys/Mimosas were well-loved by our whole group.  Thank you for a lovely adventure, Creole Queen!We went on the dinner cruise and the buffet was good and the music fun. Walking around the Creole Queen while on the Mississippi River was great, it was cold but worth it. The staff was friendly and pleasant!The Jambalaya was fantastic but that was it. Unlike other reviews we did not have a guide or anyone speaking to us / guests.  Also it's certainly not a pretty your. It's an industrial view.  Which.. if we had a guide talking to us might have made it better. The band was there maybe half the time and they claimed to be award winning.   Maybe they are but certainly not at their best last night.  The food  ( the reason we made it our first stop after arrival) was disappointing... except the Jambalya.  Zatarans or Popeyes is much better.  We are off today to seek out better!
6/14/18 Edited to correct myself.   It was not the Jambalaya that was fantastic,  it was the CREOLE.    Jambalaya was dry.   But enough of that.  We loved NOLA and found great food and entertainment elsewhere.  We shall be back to this fun city.We took the 10am history cruise, it was AMAZING because of Charles the narrator. I'd absolutely recommend this tour to anyone! Charles was knowledgeable and spoke extreemly well about the history of the city as well as hurricane Katrina. The food was worth the extra money, it wasn't great but good for the price if you want to eat in the boat. Glad we chose this as one of our activities!We took the morning historic cruise to the Chalmette battlefield, with historian Charles.  What a wonderful guide! New Orleans history on the way down, disembark at the battlefield for a brief tour by a park ranger, then back on the boat for an optional talk by Charles on Katrina. If you don't want to hear it you can stay in the bar, but I highly recommend his thoughtful, frank, and moving description of the hurricane and response.$79 all you can eat dinner cruise. Salad with creamy Caesar dressing, shrimp pasta, sautéed veggies, corn dish, red beans and rice, chicken, carving station beef and gravy, rolls, corn bread, gumbo, and bread pudding. The food was ok. The cruise was ok (2hrs up and back). The music fantastic. Drinks had plenty of alcohol. Lily our server made the trip spectacular. She was great! I've been to New Orleans many times and always wanted a trip on the river and  now I can say I've done it.This is a very relaxing way to take in the Mississippi when it gets too darn hot to walk the streets of the quarter. There's not really much to look at. But the historical aspect of riding a paddle wheel boat on the river is so Mark Twainish, you'll want to plop a straw hat on your dome and play poker with the other riders. Remember, you gotta know when to fold 'em.I like this boat lots. We took the Historic tour and quite enjoyed it. The food is also delicious. Good wine. Tour guide was very knowledgeable, and we learned alot from him about New Orleans history. Great sense of humor as well. Nice bathrooms, bar, and dining room as well. Will be back for different tour.While smaller and not as iconic as the Natchez, the tickets include a stop at the Chalmette Battlefield to stretch your legs and take in some history. The boat itself is fun to cruise the river on; didn't eat any of the food.A paddlewheel cruise along the Mississippi river is a very nice way to spend a relaxing time while in New Orleans. Just don't expect anything particularly stunning in terms of views: the banks of the Mississippi river downstream of New Orleans has little to offer in terms of nature and scenery. Nevertheless, if you're recovering from a night of heavy drinking, or if you just want to spend some relaxing time doing close to nothing, this is definitely a good way to spend a few hours of your day.
There are two paddlewheel steamboat cruises you can take in New Orleans: the Natchez and the Creole Queen. We picked the Creole Queen as it is smaller and somewhat it felt more intimate. We took the morning cruise, which takes you down river to the site of the battle of New Orleans, and then takes you back at around lunchtime.
What makes this cruise stand out is Charles. Charles is the narrator, and a very good one. On the way to the site of the battle of New Orleans he told us in great details about the history of New Orleans, its origins, the cultural relationship with France and Spain, its architecture, etc... On the way back he told us all that happened during and after hurricane Katrina. This was a particularly intense and moving narration, something anyone who visits this amazing city should listen to. Really, this guy is amazing.
As far as the rest of the cruise, once you get to the site of the battle of New Orleans you have the possibility to listen to the history of the battle thanks to a park ranger. As you are only allowed about 30-45' on the site before boarding back, I suggest to skip the park ranger and just roam around. There are some beautiful old trees covered in Spanish moss, and some cannons that make for some nice photo ops.
Finally, if like us you're on the morning cruise, as you get back at around lunchtime, the dock is strategically located very close to Drago's, where you can get some of the best chargrilled oysters in New Orleans[1].
Totally recommended.
--------------------------
[1] https://www.yelp.com/biz/dragos-seafood-restaurant-new-orleansLet me start off by saying that I hardly EVER give a 5-start rating as I believe there is always room for improvement.
If you're looking for something amazing to do while in NOLA, forget the Natchez Steamship tour, make sure you take part in this highly entertaining historical tour.
The all-star narrator Charles Chestnutt, made this trip educational, interesting and touching. He is by far, an accomplished narrator and you can tell he loves what he does.
During the trip, we learned about Battlefield history with Andrew Jackson and Katrina hurricane.
We laughed and greatly appreciated Charles charisma and touching personal twist on each narrative.
Food was good and this trip offers great value. A must see.We took the battlefield tour and learned so much history. Charles clearly works hard at his presentation and is passionate about it. It was fun, funny, and educational. He did the battlefield talk which is not the norm from what I understand and could not image the "regular" could have done better. The Katrina talk was quite sobering (Yes this is New Orleans, but that was figurative). Charles should narrate a tv special on the subject, it was that good.We did the 10am battlefield tour and the best part of the entire trip was the tour guide Charles. Very funny and informative. My wife and I learned a lot about Nola and it's history from him. The battlefield itself wasn't too interesting and the sites along the river were mostly freight ships, but it was very enjoyable still and very relaxing being on the water.Great fun . Great food . The speaker Charles who narrates the history is fantastic . The crew is very friendly . Our group of about 20 was delighted .We went on the dinner jazz cruise, which was wonderful! Great music, phenomenal food, and extremely friendly staff. Everyone aboard the ship was nice and seemed to love their jobs, creating a great atmosphere, very romantic. 
The woman at the ticket booth was highly confused about life; we purchased the tickets through Expedia (I'm sure this is not a rare occurrence) she was baffled when it came to exchanging these vouchers for the tickets to board, my partner and I had to explain to her and pull the vouchers up on the phone then. After ten minutes of this she finally just gave us the tickets, but not before being rude and unpleasant about it.We booked a day trip to the Chalmette Battlefield after several hours of research between the Creole Queen and her competitor.  We opted for the Creole Queen since it offered the day trip.  Our tour was on a day of awful rain and fog, however this played into the hands of the operators.  Their enthusiasm was undaunted by the weather.  We did not partake in the lunch buffet, although it looked rather boring and mediocre catering.  The bar staff was friendly and provided a decent range of choices.  We would recommend this trip as part of anyone's visit to New Orleans, combining the battlefield and the riverboat was a great part of our vacation visit.It was a great experience.  Excellent history narration to and from the battle of New Orleans battle. Didn't partake in the buffet but looked decent.Great close getaway ! Very Informative and Charles was great at narrating! Only wish the food was more vast ! But what they did have available was really good!Wendell was an amazing and knowledgeable tour guide! Had a great cruise! Bottomless mimosas are a must! Definitely recommend for anyone visiting New Orleans!Myself and 3 friends took the morning/daytime tour on the Creole Queen.  It was a 2-hour narrated tour down the Mississippi that included a stop at the local battlefield and Charles was our guide.  We purchased the Creole/Cajun brunch that included salad, several New Orleans dishes and bread pudding for dessert.  I had a food allergy and the chef personally made a separate Cajun dish just for me so I could enjoy the lunch!  Amazing, "how can we please you" attitudes of everyone on board!  The highlight of the cruise was Charles.  Wonderful storyteller of the history of New Orleans with anecdotes, humorous stories and real-life accounts.  His delivery was simply hysterical!!  The last 30 minutes, he gave a detailed account of the events before, during and after Hurricane Katrina and the indelible mark it left on New Orleans.  He was accurate, thought provoking and heartfelt in his narration.  I would HIGHLY suggest not only this boat tour, but Charles as your guide!!We picked this tour over the other company as it was cheaper and made a stop at the battlefield. There is a $5 coupon online but make sure to print it out, I had it on my phone and they would not let me use it. Arrive early to get in line for boarding as seats fill up quickly. We were lucky to get covered seats on the top of the deck. They have a full bar and snacks for sale (we did the day cruise and they also offer dinner and brunch cruises). It was neat to see the city from the river and while cruising to the battlefield they give a nice tour of places we are passing. The boat docks at the battlefield for an hour which is more than enough time.  The boat then heads back and the total trip is about 2.5 hours. The crew did a great job!!If you are in New Orleans and want to see the Mississippi and learn history from an excellent storyteller, take the Chalmette Battleground River Cruise! Charles was our guide and he was beyond excellent. The trip lasts over two hours, but it is well-spent. I highly recommend this tour.Skip the lunch... and Dr. Wendell needs to become more comfortable talking about the evils of slavery. He totally skipped over the true evil and horror of this institution. For example, he'll talk about how well it worked out that plantation owners had "workforces" to maintain the levies. Let's be honest...those were slaves. The practice of slavery is evil. So, maybe, instead, say, "plantation owners forced their slaves to maintain the levies. Let us recall how horrible the institution of slavery was..." Likewise, Dr. Wendell made New Orleans sound like a utopia for freed black people. Let us also remember slave raiders, the forced capture of those freedmen and women, the terror under which they lived, etc.Charles was great story teller. 
There's was a stop half way that I did not know about but still was fun!Really wish we had taken the other paddlewheeler. This "historical" tour was so 'WORDY' with so many unneeded long dragged out details  my Brain hurt. The 3 of us couldn't wait to get away from
The guide who just loves to talk too much. So much chatting I actually didn't get the information I really wanted.  Also the stop not really worth it in our opinion. You cant even go inside. Do not recommend unless you want to travel back in time to a very boring history class falling asleep in school. Music would've been nice. FYI. Many others were sitting around covering their ears because it was just too much.  Cut your script down. It wouldn't be to bad than.I took the daytime cruise and opted for the lunch buffet. The cruise was very informative, and I enjoyed cruising the Mississippi. The cruise to the battlefield provided some great sights, and excellent photo opportunities. The staff were very friendly. The bar provided excellent drinks at good prices. The only downside was the lunch buffet. Totally not worth the extra $14! The food was just bad, and luke warm at best. Overall, a great tour to take if you are in Nola!This was the highlight of our 5 day New Orleans vacation. We took the early tour to avoid the heat of the afternoon and was thoughly impressed. The boat had a mix of passangers, old, young, history buffs and tourists who just wanted to float the mighty Mississippi.
Our guide, Charles was exceptional. His knowledge of the city and history is vast and held our attention through facts, humor and you can tell, a love of his city.
On the way back he gave us his families account of Hurrican Katrina in the days leading up to, during and after. I was in tears several times as he told his story. His account was riviting. Thank you for sharing your story with us.
All in all, a fabulous day on the might Miss.We really enjoyed the Creole Queen cruise to the the battlefield location. Chris was an excellent narrator and historian about this battle and the history of New Orleans in general. Well worth the price.Had a great ride with the family.  Really enjoyed and was captivated by the historians knowledge of the city and the history.  Chris Tidmore (sp?) did a fantastic jobMy perspective of the Creole Queen is two parts - one for the general buffet cruise and the second part is actually getting married on the boat. 
For the first part, we took the buffet cruise many months ago not only to just experience it, but to also see if it was the right venue for our future wedding. We ordered our tickets ahead and the whole process was pretty seamless. The actual cruise was great and so was the buffet. There was a good variety of food and the wait staff was so courteous. 
For the wedding part, our experience was just as good. We got married on the boat in March, but started our conversations with the booking staff in October. We worked with Kristin Neuman to book our wedding, and although email conversations were a little sparse and slow at times, she was overall a pleasure to work with. 
Our wedding party was reserved for 20 people, and the cost of everything for our group was a little over $5000. We reserved the Kings Room which is right in front of the Paddle Wheel. We had hors derves (sorry, spelling!), a buffet for the group, and Top Shelf bar (if this gives you a decent idea of what you get for the cost). One of the downsides to their reservation process is zero flexibility for lowering the cost if you have a group below 20 people. We ended up having 12 people, but were still required to pay for 20. I wasn't happy about that. 
For the days leading up to our wedding and the actual day of our wedding, we had a seamless experience. We met with Kristin, the Captain (who married us - for an additional fee), and our day-of coordinator Ronnie two days beforehand and we walked them through the wedding style that we wanted. They were courteous and more than willing to accommodate our requests. 
For the day of, again, it was an easy process. We were getting married on the evening cruise, so we boarded an hour before the general crowd. The Captain married us on the deck of the boat with our guests sitting in the background. The Captain was such an amazing guy. He made our experience WONDERFUL. Such a courteous host for us-- he even let us take pictures in the Captains seating area. Our Coordinator was great too. She ensured our cake was delivered on that Sunday and that everything went off without a hitch. She even played camerawoman and recorded our actual ceremony. 
For the reception, everything was pretty low key. The food was great, the wait staff was again so courteous, and the room was great! 
I loved getting married on the Creole Queen. They gave us a GREAT experience that my husband and I will never forget-- as well as our guests.A great tour of New Orleans and the hot bear, Charles, does an amazing job describing the city's history.Enjoyed this trip down the Mississippi and fulfilled my inner history geek with visit to Chalmette battlefield.  Our tour guide Charles made the trip go from good to great.  His ability to tell a story and knowledge of the Battle of New Orleans was superb.  On the ride back, he shared his experience of the real story of Katrina that literally left me speechless.  All in all a great experience and highly recommended.We had tons of fun on this historical cruise. Charles was our guide and was an amazing narrator. This cruise will head to the Battlefield and let you off for an hour to meet with the park ranger or explore on your own. 
My favorite part of the cruise was Charles' telling of Katrina. He incorporated his own family's experience as well and almost brought me to tears.A fun afternoon on the river. Wendell provided historically accurate commentary about the events leading up the battle of New Orleans and the battle itself. We later found out he has a PHD in History.
The history walk at Chalmette was a nice addition and is lead by a park ranger.
Sodas are available for $2 each with free refills (save your cup).
We didn't try the buffet.We had an enjoyable trip on the mighty Mississippi River seeing all the sights from the Creole Queen. The two and a half hour trip with our outstanding tour guide Charley entertaining us on the history and some funny jokes on this journey.
We departed the Paddlewheel to tour the Chalmette Battlefield which our Park Ranger did not show up Charley was so excited to give us an action packed rendition of the battle. He was amazing and brought the excitement to the crowd. 
As we got back on the boat it was time for a snack Drinks at the Bar and a bowl of Red Bean and Rice. That hit the spot and the wait staff was courteous and very helpful.
As we left the boat the crew assisted mom off and were absolute gentlemen. Highly recommended family fun.The morning cruise was fantastic! We did this the morning of our first day in New Orleans And got tons of history. This cruise (thanks to Wendel) taught us a ton about the city and it's past. The battlefield we visited was also great as were all the park rangers. The cruise has unlimited mimosas and bloody Mary's for $10. The food is fine. Overall an amazing boat, tour, and start to our trip.Absolutely must do!  I am so impressed by the staff, food, and history lesson.  Thank you for a great afternoon.  Charles the lawyer is the best.   A must do/see/eat/drink.Rode the Queen yesterday.  Cannot comment on food, because I didn't eat on board. The best part of the cruise was the history lesson given by Charles. His comments made the cruise come alive.We did the afternoon battleground cruise.  A fun way to get some historical info on the Mississippi River.  The guide at the battle ground was awesome.This was a great tour that included a disembarking at the Chalmette Battlefield. Our tour guide, Charles did an excellent job! Highly recommend if you have a couple of hours to learn a little about the New Orleans you won't find on Bourbon St!When in New Orleans, you have to go see a paddle wheeler cruise.  This was one of many available but fit our schedule and departed in the morning avoiding some of that afternoon heat.  Check in was easy, price reasonable, cruise personnel all very helpful.  The cruise and battlefield tour, (prox 1/2 hour stop mid way, ) were good but I'm giving this cruise 5 stars due to the exceptional narrative we received from our guide Charles.  I'm not a huge history buff but Charles gave us history on the city we had never heard and was so interesting, I paid very close attention. He finished the tour with a heart wrenching and very personal recap of Hurricane Katrina and her impact on this fine city and it's people. Not to be missed! Ask for the Charles tour!Had a very horrible experience  for thanksgiving dinner 2017. The cabin we were in was very depressive  no live music or band it was very dark and the food was not worth the money..For the amount of money spend for this you would think serving drinks in plastic cups would be shameful.Enjoyable trip on a paddle wheeler. Christopher Tidwell is an excellent speaker who is a New Orleans native with a very interesting historical perspective.  The stop at the battlefield could have been longer. 
All in all a lovely mellow experience.Charles was well spoken, informative, funny and delightful. Our history teachers should be as good! I especially liked the Battle of New Orleans explanation. Kudos!I purchased a boat cruise during the Essence Festival July 4th weekend through Platinum Enterprise Group setnetwork.net, pegsonline.com. The boat cruise was on the Creole Queen on Sunday 7/6/14. I had a very poor experience. The cruise was advertised with a young woman on the flier however the boat cruise attendees were 45+ years old (false advertising). Also the Creole ferry charges $27 for the same cruise Platinum Enterprise Group charged me $65 for. The music on the ship was a very poor quality sound. The music sound was muffled and the type of music was ghetto. The view from the ferry boat was a large sea of brown water since the ferry boat traveled in brown water. According to the lady serving the food, the food served on the boat had been sitting out since the morning of 7/6/14 (food safety hazard). The organizers of the party required boat cruise participants to give their fingerprints a couple of days before the cruise without an explanation. The organizers of the party also sent nasty emails in the weeks leading up to the cruise stating in so many different ways that they will not be offering any refunds as if they knew the service they were providing was not up to par and people wouldn't be satisfied with it.Charles narrated the historical steamboat tour. He was excellent. He made the experience unforgettable and his account leading into and after the disaster of hurricane Katerina brought both gut wrenching and hope to my heart. The food was great too. Much better than I expected.I planned a dinner cruise for our group of 55 people. This boat was recommended by the concierge from The Roosevelt (over the Natchez...or Nachos as we referred to it). FYI....having no other insight, the concierge's recommendation was the only reason I picked the Creole Queen over the other boat. We rented out the King's room and had a wonderful time, great food and overall, a great experience. Only suggestion I have would be not to arrive right when they start boarding....otherwise you are sitting on the boat for an hour before departing. 1/2 hour before would've been better and plenty of time. I would do this cruise again next time I'm back to New Orleans.Super enjoyable ride. Charles killed the narrative for both the Battle of New Orleans and Hurricane Katrina. As a local (don't tell my fiancée) I may have been a little teary eyed towards the end of the Katrina story. Highly recommend! Seriously... you need to hear him.Went on the Historical Cruise that went to the Chalmette Battlefield. It was a nice way to recover from the intense hangover. The weather was too hot to be on the upper deck, but the breeze helped a bit. Drinks are not badly priced, but a little lax on alcohol. I recommend you buy a beer instead of a mixed drink. Charles was our guide. He really knows his stuff.We took the historical cruise, which includes a stop and visit to Chalmette, the site of the battle of New Orleans. However the literal security "search and pat down" to insure no food or drinks are bought onto the boat and the pompous tour narrator (Charles) made it a bit of a disappointment. No where in the literature, information posted on the ticket booth or information given when making the phone reservation made mention of no food or drinks, but when we got there with sandwiches in our pack pack we had purchased at the French Market, we were searched and given the option to throw them out or forfeit the trip.Definitely worth it during a trip! Charles was our tour guide and his story telling was bar none the best I've ever heard. He made the history come alive and the meal, boat, everything was just perfect. Highly recommended!Fantastic tour on the Mississippi and of the Chalmette battlefield! Charles was a very well versed guide, and his personal touches on his section on hurricane Katrina were very memorable. The boat is great with authentic decor and accessible water wheel for photos. The bar was also great with $10 unlimited bloody Marys. I did not have the buffet, but a full creole lunch was offered. I highly recommend the Creole Queen.Our BEST night in New Orleans at the 2016 Keller Williams Realty Family Reunion was spent on the Creole Queen. Taking off from the dock we made our way down the Mississippi River in the evening watching the lights from both sides of the river. Passing Naval ships and buildings of all sorts, with the stars out and lots of great friends. What a way to spend an evening. Back inside we danced and danced. Everyone of us danced. Some of us surprised each other with how good we danced. We had so much fun other groups tried to come in to our party. Once they were escorted out, but they came back. They joined our fun and at the end of the night a couple got engaged. Although that was a bit weird, since they didn't know any of us, we were none the less still happy for them. I don't think they will forget the night and I know we won't.This review pertains to the ticketing and boarding experience only. The process is seriously flawed and a waste of time. We pre-purchased our tickets and the on line process led us to believe that by printing out the bar coded reservation at home, we would simply show the paper at the boarding ramp and be welcomed on board. Not so. Instead we were directed to wait in a 20 minute line to exchange the paper for boarding passes. The sole ticket booth employee did not have a bar code reader and had to manually search paperwork for each reservation.  The boat left the dock 30 minutes late.The historian, Charles, was excellent!  On our trip (3/10/18) he overslept or something, so wasn't there for the first half.  Once we experienced him on the way back, I almost wanted to take the trip again to hear what he says on the first half.
So knowledgeable!  I'm not going to attribute comments to him, but I was conflicted about the meaning of the Battle of New Orleans. Pointless, as I'd been taught?  Or meaningful, as they claim at Chalmette?  After talking to Charles, I feel like that question was answered to my satisfaction.Had a great time! One of my favorite parts on my weekend there! Charles was an amazing tour guide and was really good at keeping your attention! Definitely recommend that you check it out!Had a great time! The food was delicious, our tour guide was very informative, and our living historian (hilarious dude in a war reenactment costume) was very funny. We took the afternoon historical cruise to Chalmette and loved it. Definitely a highlight of our vacation to say we sailed down the Mighty Mississippi!Can I just say, Lillie you made our first night in New Orleans absolutely unforgettable. Thank you for the fun memories!!!Loved this cruise.   Charles our guide was fantastic.   The battlefield was great.   Loved loved loved the the Creole Queen.Wife and I loved this cruise! Great ride down the Mississippi on a beautiful boat. Wendel, our narrator, was very informative and friendly. Was great to be able to get off and see the battlefield of New Orleans. Overall a great trip and well worth the money.Perfect evening on the Mississippi with friends.
Dinner featured all the favorites from NOLA.
Lillian provided wonderfully friendly service over the course of the evening!
Dr. T's quartet played for two hours with jazz, stories, and celebrations of anniversaries, engagements, and birthdays.
Two hours went by fast.
There was a nice breeze, beautiful scenery, and good times!
Best regards,
Andy & Donna Gregg.I can't say enough how I enjoyed Charls ! It was such amazing experience to have him guide the tour ! The boat staff is nice and welcoming.
But that will be just another boat ride if they didn't have charles!!!We took the cruise at night including dinner. The food was very good, I specially liked the gumbo. The hurricanes were bomb, our server was great and the jazz band was super good. The only thing I would recomend boarding early ti finish eating before the outside tables with the jazz band get full.It's nice if your legs are tired and looking for a break. I used a groupon and would not pay full price.  The battlefield was cool to see. They do have food and drinks to buy on board.  The two women I used to get my tickets, one to make reservations the other to get my tickets, were rude, but whatever.This was the best thing I did in New Orleans. I did not eat the food due to friends who had eaten there before. The scene though is worth the ticket.
When the boat leaves, guests get the most beautiful evening skyline view of New Orleans. We did an evening tour which made the view spectacular. 
We were dressed for an evening out on the water. It was a bit foggy so it made for a haunting boat tour (I like that kind of stuff so I let me imagination run wild). It was a bit cold, but again we were dressed for it. If you are not dressed to be outside of the ship that is ok. There is plenty of room inside. Many stayed inside and enjoyed the views from the warm insides of the ship. 
For those who enjoy the outside, the ship has plenty of room to sit outside or just stand. You will be comfortable which ever option you choose. For our boat ride there was live music. Not sure if that is part of a normal tour or if that was just for our party. Anyway the live entertainment was truly New Orleans! We had a great evening on this ship. Highly recommend a tour of this powerful river.Taking a cruise on a paddlewheeler was part of my childhood field trips (and early concert experiences - RIP Riverboat President).  And it's a great way to relax and see the river.  
Step back in time and take ride.  I've not eaten on this boat so I can't really comment on that.The view from the top deck was great. Enjoyed it thoroughly; however, the food was mediocre at best, the bar service was extremely slow and the host was a complete jerk. If you weren't listening to his story, he asked you to stop talking and pay attention because he can't concentrate unless is completely quiet and everyone listens, even little children. SERIOUSLY? But let me tell you more about that haha..
We paid to enjoy this 2 hour cruise. While we were engaged in a deep conversation with another couple, he walks up and stares us down while telling his story, turns away for one second and does it again. He then stops telling his story of Hurricane Katrina, and TELLS us to stop talking because he can't focus on his story. Mind you, this is a three story paddle wheeler with multiple areas to walk around and tell your story, front and back of the boat. About 30 minutes later, a child starts fussing and the host walks up and stares the family down. I was in shock. It is one thing to politely ask someone to not speak during your STORY (WHICH he did NOT do to us)  or even come up to adults and be like hey, you mind. To have the nerve to stare down a family with a small child crying is just disgusting. GET OVER YOURSELF. You think they want their kid to cry? He then walks away from then for a brief moment, then walks back when the child cries a second time to complain to the parents! Its a child, wtf! Obviously this guy is on a power trip. Bottom-line, if I am a paying customer and I don't want to hear your story, then let me be. I paid to be on the boat to do as I please. Not to be told not to talk as if I'm a child. The four of us were extremely disgusted by his behavior and body language to certain people. One positive, the view from the top deck was great and very relaxing when the host wasn't talking.Very informational and enjoyable historic cruise to the Chalmette battlefield. Charles the guide was entertaining and knowledgeable. His piece on Hurricane Katrina was moving and memorable. Highly recommend this cruise. The rest of the staff was friendly and helpful. We were given ample time to check out the battlefield once we docked there. Loved it!Great tour of the Mississippi and the Chalmette Battle Field with Charles narrating the history of New Orleans.Lots of fun and good historical narration by Charles. The food is good too. I would tell friends to go on this trip.A great night listening to jazz music and watching the sunset. We only did the cruise (no dinner) and really enjoyed it. We met some nice people on the boat and talked with them most of the time.The only reason I'm giving any stars is for the cruise itself, which was pleasant, and our waitress, who was as sweet as could be. Otherwise, for $150, this was the biggest rip-off of our vacation to NOLA - the food was inedible.   I didn't expect a whole lot for a tourist-y buffet, but did expect to be able to at least eat something.  Neither my husband or I could eat anything.  (How can you screw up rice?)  Go for the cruise, forget the food.Our cruise was magnificent. The history of the tour was extraordinary and the narrator, Charles, was funny and informative. He made the history exciting and not boring and he livened the stories with his own anecdotes. The lunch buffet was only $19 for adults and $10 for kids and was an incredible bargain for the excellent quality of food. I'd highly recommend this for a quick afternoon activity.This is a great experience to ride the paddlewheel on the Mississippi. Great value for the ride and the lunch buffet on board.  Could of used a bit of silence instead of the narration on the trip.Excellent adventure. Charles, the narrator, was a dynamic and entertaining speaker. Recommended for all ages.While sitting at Jackson Square, I saw a steamboat go by, and I decided that I had to make the time to go on one. After doing a search on TripAdvisor, I decided we had to get on the Creole Queen. We headed to the ticketing booth and bought two tickets.  
When it was time to get on, we headed all the way to the top and sat and listened to the amazing tour narrated by Charles. He had a great voice, and I liked that he was to the point.  We got the jambalaya and the cajun seafood pasta.  One word to describe it...."YUM." 
It was a great two hours.This was a great cruse. The narration by Charles was the best I have ever heard. His narration about the war of 1812 was outstanding as well as his history of Katrina.It was a great tour. The narration by the guide and the park ranger was spot on. I actually came out knowing a thing or two from the battle I didn't know.This ride is well worth it just for the history review of New Orleans by the announcer. The buffet is not bad at all. I'm beginning to think all gumbo and jambalaya is good no matter where you get it in NOLA. We had a stop at the Battle of New Orleans Battlefield. Lot's of defining moments for the USA in that battle this memorial does an excellent job detailing the historical event. Great photo opportunities!A nice ride to the battlefield with an excellent talk from the park ranger, "she was very passionate" & the live narrator on the boat "Charles" was excellent!!, including great info from hurricane Katrina and he has a really great hat.The cruise is awesome!  The guide Christopher Tidmore was so incredibly knowledgeable and entertaining.  It was a lovely and relaxing pace for the afternoon.  Really enjoyed the break halfway at the Battlefield.Charles is a great orator and story teller.  If you are listening you will catch subtle references to Princess Bride, Lord of the Rings,  and other little nuggets here and there.  Most people didn't hear the references or didn't care...my husband and I got a kick out of it.  
The boat was decent, the a/c was on blast during the hot summer Temps. 
Pro tips..  Don't buy the meal. Save your money and eat in the city.  Brave the heat and sit on the top deck under the awning.  There is a nice breeze when the boat is moving.  Even in the 100+ degree temp feel.  It was pleasant.  
The boat offers free ice cold water.  We drank a lot it was so hot.  
The battle fields were okay.  The park Ranger had a confusing narrative,  better off in the building than listening.  
Overall,  I recommend the adventure.  Charles really kept us entertained and interested.The best friends and I had a great time on this 3-hour tour that combined culture, history, music, scenery, food, drinks and great vibes. I would highly recommend this boat tour to anyone wanting to experience something different than the typical bus tours. We stopped at a site so got off of the boat. The "host" was very knowledgeable and entertaining. And the food was yummy!We had a great time - great family friendly scene. We have 3 young kids and they loved the food and everyone on the boat was very nice and friendly. I felt like this was the whole package - we got to have a nice creole dinner, listen to live jazz, take in the scenery of NO, and be on this really cool boat. I wanted to have my kids experience New Orleans without all the craziness that comes with it. The kids loved it and I highly recommend! We probably should have taken the street car back to our hotel - it is a long walk back - lesson learned for next time! PS: you can get coupons online, just search.We felt we really got our money's worth on this tour.
Thought we were just going pass Battle of New Orleans site but the tour stops here and the park ranger gives a nice narrative.
We bought the lunch package and wasn't expecting much but surprise, surprise, this was one of our favorite meals.Adults and children really enjoyed this.  The food was great,  inexpensive,  and the views and experience was enjoyable for all.  A bummer though that we cruised on a Monday and the visitors office and all the sightseeing stuff was closed Mondays.We wanted to go on the Steamboat Natchez based on everything I read online, but they were closed for repairs when we were visiting New Orleans. And turns out, we were very glad that we went on the Creole Queen! We did the daytime battlefield tour and it was just wonderful. The whole ride downriver, Charles pointed out places of interest. Then the battlefield tour was about 40 minutes and it was definitely worth a quick stop. The trees there were breathtaking.  Then the ride back upriver, he talked about Katrina and it was a wonderful bit of history from a local and there wasn't a dry eye around by the end of the ride. He was a great storyteller and he totally made the trip for us. 
Absolutely worth it.The cruise was amazing!! It was really cold outside, and we were freezing but the view was beautiful. 
Charlie was also a great narrator for the cruise and was very entertaining!!Myself and my partner had such a nice relaxing time on this boat ride, the historical information from the guide was outstanding and funny at the same time.
I would recommend this tour to anyone and look forward to visiting some more popular spots.
The cost of the tickets was average, we even got $5 off all tickets because we had an OAP with us.Absolutely recommend a tour when Charles is the guide. He's great and really funny and knowledgeable. 
We went with three kiddos and they loved it as well. Getting off the boat was a little walk but well worth it for the historical facts.Buffet style dinner with live jazz band. Very nice time. Look for s coupon to save a few bucks. Well worth it for a very nice experience.
Good was very good and you can have as much as you care to eat. Drinks are available for an extra charge. Service was a bit slow but friendly. Enjoy and have a good time with the band!What a great way to see and hear about the history of New Orleans and the Battle of New Orleans. My wife Pat is not a history fan as myself but was very impressed with the information we received from our guide, Charles.  His knowledge was inpeccable and intertwined was his great sense of humor made this riverboat ride very memorable. We also didn't have to have our ears blasted with the beautiful but VERY LOUD calliope of the Natchez.Loved the history tour!  The narrator is AMAZING and FUNNY!  We didn't have lunch, but we did have drinks at the bar and all of the staff is super friendly!  Would definitely take this tour again!Wendell is an amazingly talented tour guide for the historical tour. The brunch was such delicious Cajun foods. The paddle boat is so cool. Beautiful views.Overall an excellent experience. I was hesitate about the food but was pleasantly surprised by not only the buffet selection but the quality of the food. You never know what to expect on a touristy attraction but it was great quality of chicken, brisket, gumbo, shrimp pasta and more. Overall a great experience on a beautiful night on the river. If you're new to NOLA, it is certainly worth the experience.This is a short historical tour to the Chalmette Battlefield. The whole cruise only takes about two and a half hours. The guide on the boat, Charles, is absolutely excellent! He alone was worth the trip! As a historian, it was obvious to me that Charles was well-educated and knew his history, but more than that, he was able to deliver historical complexities in an entertaining and easy to understand manner. He was funny, engaging, and informative all at the same time. He also made a lot of good recommendations for what to see and do in New Orleans. The food was not fine dining, but it was good for the price. I thoroughly enjoyed this trip and would recommend it to others.This was a fun activity. We went to a conference and this was a fun activity to do at night. We did the dinner and cruise. It was a buffet style and there was so much food left at the end of the night. Come hungry ;) The jazz was piano, base, and trumpet/Louis Armstrong type singing. They were great. Overall a fun experience to do while in town.If I could do it over again I would not take this tour. Even for he deal I got on the tickets it was not a good value. Too cold to sit outside and enjoy it. The tour was kind of boring. The stop we made did not have a lot to see. And the way back to the dock was not narrated. I wouldn't take this tour again.I am reviewing the Chalmette battlefield tour only. Also, we did not get that buffet , I have read that it is not super good, but I don't know because we didn't partake of it. All in all, we totally love this tour trip. It was a beautiful day, we're on the Mississippi River, wind in our hair, and then you have the most excellent tour guide Christopher. He is energetic, excited, and hilarious.  We learned so much history in such a fun way, I can't recommend it enough to people. The battlefield park was very interesting, you're reallyonly there for about 45 minutes. Enough to see and appreciate, but not get bored, in my estimation. If you want to ride a cool historical boat, with super tour guiding, give this a shot. Then go out to lunch after, somewhere in the French quarter, for a  really good meal. :-)Definitely a "Must Do" if you like history...Not a great idea if you have little ones. My favorite was "Charles" he was the narrator, (if you will), and gave an amazing account of Hurricane Katrina. I could have listened to him a few more hours. Great job!Wendell was an amazing tour guide and narrator. The ship was clean and comfortable and the entire staff was friendly and helpful. Can't wait to come back again and go on the dinner cruise.Took the 2:00 cruise. The Creole Buffett was with the extra price.  The historian, Charles, narrating the cruise was outstanding. Very knowledgeable and humorous.