Fancy Fare....
We passed this place at least twice a day. Finally on our last day we decided to give it a try.
WHAT A GEM!....at first glance the portions seem small....but we were STUFFED when done. 
The waiters were great the food was great!
I recommend this "palace" to anyone!
PHorrible...they don't care about their customers.  Our waiter spilled a tray of drinks on our table not once, but twice.  the manager never even came over to apologize.  We had to ask to be moved to a dry table that didn't have broken glass all over it.  When we finally got our food, it was mediocre at best.  I'm giving it one star because you can't give it less. I wish i had an extra set of hands so I could give the place four thumbs down!Dinner last night at the Palace Café was excellent.  The food, the service, pretty much everything about our experience was wonderful.  The décor was rich and old-worldish, and our team of waiters was attentive but not overly so.  
The food was amazing.  We started with a bottle of Californian Pinot Noir (though I can't remember the vintage, it was a pure black bottle with two thin gold lines) that was very nice if a bit minerally.  The crab cheesecake appetizer was delicious, almost like a disassembled Crab Rangoon with an insane amount of crab meat.  Side note: we did tease the back waiter about how small the crab claws were that decorated the crust, because coming from Miami and being used to the very high standard of Joe's Stone Crabs, these little half inch lump claws seemed comically miniature!  We both ended up ordering the Andouille-crusted fish, which for the night was Sheepshead, and which was served over perfectly steamed broccoli and well-seasoned roasted red potatoes and onions in a Crystal sauce that was the perfect blend of savory and spicy.  The fish itself was exceptional, both in the taste of the sausage-breadcrumb crust, the delicate flavor of the fish itself, and the texture of a perfectly cooked filet.
All in all, the meal was wonderful and the experience was great.  The only reason I removed a star was because we arrived about 5 minutes before our reservation and didn't get seated for a total of about 15 minutes.  I wouldn't even have been too bothered by this except that the hostess expressly told us that we would be seated right away, and when we asked if we had time to order a drink from the bar, she said that our table was ready and they would be seating us in just a moment.  Then, ten minutes later, well, you get the point.  Under-promise and over-deliver, not the other way around!This place is as beyond amazing!
My fiancé and I  actually came here to celebrate our engagement and the staff could not have been more wonderful. Our waiter, Randy, was fantastic- he gave us great food recommendations, and after asking about my taste preferences, even made me a custom drink with rosemary... one of the best drinks I've ever had. 
This was our favorite meal in New Orleans- really great seafood (try the crab cheesecake!) awesome drinks, and a great atmosphere. 
We will definitely be back!Great ambiance, beautiful room with elegant architecture and amazing center staircase. It took a long time to be seated but food portion and quality were great. We went hoping to hear some nice jazz music played while we ate but the 3 gentleman playing did it sporadically for only a few minutes at a time which was disappointing. However the reception and waitstaff were very friendly.Service was good but my iced tea could have been refilled faster. The gumbo and entree was good but shrimp had an old but not spoiled taste. Didn't have the distinct spices and flavor like other local restaurants. Good atmosphere though.We needed to do take out. How can food eaten out of cardboard boxes taste so good. Service was very fast. Crab cheesecake was delicious. White chocolate bread pudding. So good.The service, style and sophistication are always top notch at this restaurant. They have a different waiter for your main food and then a separate one for your dessert and drinks, very classy.Has the bananas foster, it was terrible, came out completely melted, service was not much better!4 STARS. Great food and service. The white chocolate bread pudding was fresh and interesting. Glad to have stopped in here.The Palace Café is a great place to get breakfast. Sure, there are a lot of things that are hard to pronounce on the menu, but there is plenty to like here. I recommend the French toast, which comes with praline syrup and lots of berries. Coffee is also pretty good too, and contains chicory.
Make sure to get a reservation though - this place fills up fast.We went at 9:45, right before the place closed. Food and service were excellent. Loved the crab cheesecake, andouille crusted fish, and bananas foster. I'm not a fish person, but they may have converted me!I needed a place for an easy lunch. Palace fit the bill. I was in heaven sitting on the sidewalk and the petite campagne returned me to France. Waiters are attentive and food excellent. These Waiters are far nicer than any i had in France.I came here for a quick business lunch and the service, attitude and speed with which we were served was top-notch.  The food was good, not amazing, but seems like a very reliable kind of place.  Nice decor as well on the inside...lively without being too loud of overbearing.An upscale restaurant with a very limited menu.  Service is excellent and ambiance is definitely upscale.  Found the server to be very accommodating when it came to switching out potatoes and veggies on the dinner, which was greatly appreciated.  The drink menu was good and desserts looked amazing, but we were too full to eat any.  RETURNED again and had a bad experience with Vicky C. as server; she was cold, unfriendly and slow.  Her badge said that she was a Captain, which was probably of the Titanic!  If you go, do not have her as your server.With all of the great restaurants in New Orleans, I never would have picked this spot, but it was part of a conference dinner, so I didn't have a choice.
The BBQ Shrimp app was tiny 2 prawns and 1 small shrimp (kinda strange to include just 1).
I finally had a hurricane here. It was pretty sweet. I'll take sazerac as a signature NOLA drink over this.
One interesting thing about this place is you can make your dish "creole style." This means they add crawfish and creole spices to your dish. My husband opted for this to go with his fish, and it elevated the dish.
I ordered the signature pepper-crusted duck dish. I asked for med rare, but this was more like medium. It was still pretty good. The accompanying foie gras was mediocre though.
The staff made it very easy to go with a large group: everyone got their own separate check.
It was fine, but I would have much preferred to go to Jacques Imo, Gatreau's, or Dante's Kitchen for more inventive cuisine on my last night in NOLA. Sigh. I guess they'll have to wait for my next trip!Went here w my gf and her bff and her bf. what the f!?!?  So this is old school kind of giant restaurant like Arnaouds. Lots of pomp and circumstance but kinda lacking in the food dept. Full disclosure...our 2 servers jessika and joi were prob 2 of the best ever. Very knowledgeable, prompt, friendly...just awesome. We had a decent charcuterie, decent cocktails. Main courses were the house special shrimp, the duck, a roasted pork tenderloin and andouille crusted drum fish.  I tried them all and kinda just blah. And everything was Luke warm. And the portions were small. My
Shrimp had flavor but it's was borderline cold and I think there might have been 5/6 shrimp on the small size. My gf had a really bland duck, her bff had the pork. Eh. And the drum fish described as a light flakey white fish you had to cut w a knife and just had a bad taste. Oh and my side of fried oysters came to the table after I finished eating. We had a bananas foster table side and I'm kinda biased but it was slightly better than ok. $300 all in. 2 3/4 stars, not 3.We walked in off of Canal Street and were seated immediately upstairs by the window. After perusing the menu and asking our waitress a few questions, we both decided upon the Shrimp Tchefuncte (Gulf shrimp, Creole meunière, roasted mushrooms, popcorn rice, green onions). The flavors were exquisite! The service was excellent! But the portion sizes for a $19 entrée left us both hungry. See picture below. (5 medium sized shrimp, a scoop of rice and a bit of sauce) 
Really? Did I get the adult sized meal or just the kiddie sized meal? This is a nice place for a tasty light snack, but WE WALKED OUT OF THE RESTAURANT STILL HUNGRY. I wasn't interested in spending another $40 at this overpriced, overhyped bistro to feel like I had eaten a real meal. They do bring you lots of bread and butter, but who goes to a restaurant to fill up on bread and butter? If you want to get filled up for a lot less money, go to the Popeye's Fried Chicken just down the street.Aside from feeling like we were banished from the main seating area and put in a far far back corner...ok, we were lookin' a bit rough (frizzy hair, tired eyes) and may not have been in business suits like the rest of the diners, but we were dressed appropriately... we had great food. and crappy service.  One of our servers probably should have kept her grumpy self in bed that day, she never even cracked a smile or anything, it became quite a joke really... we were either twiddling our thumbs waiting for a tea refill or we were practically wrestling our glass out of the tea-masters hands so we could drink it.  Appetizer came way too early, we sat for quite some time waiting for our entree.  The best service was during dessert.
Our food was really really excellent and I was surprised.  I shouldn't have been.  I had the Andouille Crusted Fish and my sister had a fabulous shrimp dish, the Shrimp Trifuncte.  We started with the eggplant and crab seasonal appetizer.  It was our last meal in New Orleans for while so we shared the bananas foster for dessert.  Yum!  Our banana foster show-man was quite personable and sweet.  
I was just so disturbed by the service I can't possibly give this place more than 3 stars.  I'd give it a 4.5 on food and a star on service, maybe.  I'd go back and hope for better treatment by the staff because I need to have that fish dish again.Basically a group of us from the conference I was at went here because it was right across the street from out hotel, but we were definitely satisfied. 
I don't really like fish or spicy (I know, why was I in New Orleans?), but I  do like shrimp. So, I had the Shrimp Trifuncte -- a lot of other reviews mention this too.  I asked the nice waitress if it was spicy and she promised me it wasn't--but that it was flavorful. I had also never heard of popcorn rice. I came to find out that it was rice cooked with popcorn kernels or something like that. 
The food was delicious, slightly salty, but the mushroom/shrimp combination was great.  The service was wonderful. Other people in  group were also satisfied with their food. I tried a bite of the espresso creme brulee someone ordered for desert and was impressed by the bananas foster that was made tableside. The restaurant itself was very accommodating of our group of 7 and was decorated beautifully for Christmas.  Apparently this restaurant is one of several owned by the Brennan family.It's a beautiful atmosphere and the waiters/chef are quick with everything but I did not enjoy the food at all. The only thing I liked were the mashed potatoes... WHICH WERE AMAZING. But other than that... I would have to say I am without a doubt disappointed.The food and service were great! Nikita was fabulous! She made great recommendations and her feed back was honest. This was my first time colong and it lived up to the reviews!The best of the best! We have been coming here every Valentines day since 2007. Our favorite is the crabmeat cheese cake,  andouille crusted fish and seafood gumbo. Finish with the Bananas foster!!
Top notch service and food always amazing! They have lots of seating but make a reservation to ensure a table. The brunch is also tasty.Turtle soup was excellent as was the seafood Gumbo.  The service was also great.  Although the atmosphere depends heavily on where you sit, we had a great table on the second floor.Great hangout on Canal if you do t want to be in the crowds of the Quarter. Walked in at 7pm on a busy Friday and found welcoming service at the Black Duck Bar upstairs.Atmosphere was really good. The wait staff were really helpful and personable. 
My group shared a couple bottles of wine and some appetizers and we didn't end up paying as much as I expected. The shrimp beignets and the oyster loaf were both buttery and delicious. Fish was super fresh and well cooked. The alligator sausage (not sure if that's what it is called) was also great.
The description says business casual but we dressed up because it was our first dinner down here. Some people were wearing shorts and t-shirts so it's not a strict dress code but I would dress up a little bit, but nothing too fancy!I almost didn't go here because the reviews were less than 4 stars. But thankfully I didn't trust yelp.
The Palace Cafe was so good that we cancelled our reservations for Commander's Palace.
What could make it this good? 
-Succulent fall off the bone pork shank.
-Tender, juicy duck. 
-Crawfish cheesecake that is so smooth, flavorful, and easily the best one I've ever had (and I've had quite a few). 
-The waiter telling us the story of Banana's foster while he made a perfect banana's foster that was completely gluten-free. 
-Having a gluten-free menuI would recommend to seat inside, as the interior is beautiful including the bar upstairs! Their specialty is schrimp tsuchefunte* (sp) was delicious... I licked the sauce with the rice! The cream brûlée was spectacular & their hot tea was exceptional as well. The service didn't match the food. We had a large group, so the beverage waiter did not ck back & we run out of tea three times... Waited too long for dessert!! I Jessika give me an attitude when I asked for our dessert status!Nice little restaurant, had the creole egg skillet. Portion sizes are a tad small but are tasty. Highly recommend!I would have rated four stars but could not based on the service we received.  However I do think it was due to our server.  We sat outside and tables served by the other person seemed to be getting better service.  We asked for water 3 times and never received any.  We had to ask to order our main course.
The food was very good.  We shared an oyster appetizer which was delicious.  The andouille crusted Gulf fish was cooked perfectly.  We would have ordered dessert but figured we had little chance of actually getting it!Great food and deserts, but service could be better! Convenient location from Marriott!Peter's Planters Punch is fabulous! Very Citrus-y & refreshing with a nice rum kick! The spinach salad with egg and candied bacon was good but not great. The bacon was a bit hard to chew and not very flavorful. The Crab Cheesecake was shaped like a slice of quiche. Oh yeah, they also provide a warm and crusty baguette too. Good to go!
By the way, Chuck and Lloyd both serviced my table...both HOT! They were so attentive and had great senses of humor. They made the dining experience even more enjoyable because of their jovial attitiudes.we were a group of 10 people. We ordered a dish 
Shrimp Tchefuncte that the server told us would go really well with the Andouille Crusted Fish of the day. This was his recommendation!
So when the server made that recommendation, we thought it meant, all of that is one entree.But it wasn't. He ordered both the meals for each person and we got charged for two entrees. A Total of $40 bucks with tax. Thats a very expensive entree.
NOT OKPam is the best server in the Palace.  Great atmosphere. Good prices.  We had the desserts. One of each and it was definitely worth it.Excellent fast service. Had soup of the day-spicy tomato bisque. It was outstanding. Had the filet with shrimp. Both done just right for me. Blueberry cheesecake cobbler for desert.  I'd recommend it any time.We went on a Thursday night...no problems getting a table.   Nice ambiance but very casual and relaxed.  The service was excellent.  Dan the Man and everyone else...5 stars!  The bread was a great start.  4 stars.  We started with pan roasted oysters, which were cooked just right, but the dish was kinda bland, 3 stars. We had the Weismann salad, it was very tasty, but very much like a Cesar salad. 4 stars.  Our entree was the Diver Oyster special... It was outstanding!  5 stars.  We had the signature bread pudding for desert.  It was tasty but not amazing...3.5 stars.Went here over the weekend bc the bf wanted the bourbon milk punch. Not an alcohol fan but I would have this again! Sweet and delicate, perfect for brunch! We got the crab cheesecake and it was okay very interesting and unique. I would definitely recommend food lovers/darers to try! For desert white chocolate bread pudding, perfect amount of sweetness and not too sweet.Andouille encrusted fish was OK. A bit soggy and not what I was expecting but the sauce helped a lot. White chocolate bread pudding for dessert was moist and delicious. Good selection of Louisiana beers on tap and my two bartenders were fantastic.Great service! The Palace Cafe was recommended by the doorman and he was right. Delightful! The crab cheesecake was amazing. Loving NOLA!!This place right here was de-lish. I can't wait to go back to new orleans to try something different. The employees were wonderful and I got my 1st bloody Mary and now in love with it!! The establishment had a trio walking around the music was wonderful I hate they never made it to our table. The atmosphere was fantasticThe fried oyster appetizer and the crab cheese cake should have been the dinner. Followed by banana foster desert. These were the highlight of the dinner. Service was great and they kindly accommodated three late arrivals.Had a fabulous time tonight. Everything was perfect and dessert was beyond delicious !!!Shrimp roll was pitiful. Imported farm raised nasty shrimp.  Butter on bun was rancid.  Don't eat at this typical New Orleans tourist "never going to see you again" service and less than fresh food place. 
Seafood gumbo was old.  Rotten oyster, 1 only, over cooked, falling apart sausage, 1 rubber shrimp in a bowl.  Rice was hard, leftover.  NASTY. 
Server appeared to work at a carnival in his off hours.  Dirty uniform, rude, and just didn't give a hoot about delivering good service.  
DO NOT EAT HERE.  There are too many truly good restaurants outside of the tourist zone.I LOVE THE POTATO CHIPS!  The french onion soups was not a traditional one, it contains sausages that give a nice flavor.  The salads are nice and crispy which fresh greens.  I am from California and expect that all salads should have nice crispy fresh greens.  
The first time we sat downstairs for lunch.  We had at least three people helping us.  My mother ordered the burger and enjoyed the caramelized onions.  She thought it was amazing.  I thought it was alright, I mean you pay the price.  
The bread is fresh and the ice tea and lemonade taste homemade.  
The second time we brought my father.  He loves the potato chips too!  They are crispy and have a criss cross style.  They are not to thick or taste greasy at all. 
 This time we sat upstairs which did not have as good as services at all.  However the view was nice and relaxing.  My dad's pot pie which was a fancy version was a let down.  It was way to dry and looked a lot better then it did taste.   It was not so bad that we could not eat it , but it was not good.  I do not know if it is because we expected to much.
It is pricey but it is because of the spot and the environment.Way better breakfast than Ruby Slipper! 
The shrimp and grits dish at the palace cafe is to die for ! The environment and service was great! Definitely coming back !I come to New Orleans regularly for work and this is a staple restaurant. Always delicious food, good service, and nice ambiance. My most recent visit I had the best Gumbo I have had. Very good food. You can't miss here!The Palace Cafe was wonderful.  Had the crabmeat cheesecake and the St. Charles Pasta.  Both were outstanding.  Service was wonderful.  Sat outside but after going inside to the restroom would have loved to sit inside with the hexagon tile floor, high ceilings, etc.  This is a place not to be missed.  Right on Canal Street at the edge of the French Quarter.Ran in for a quick solo dinner on a work trip. Shrimp Tschefuncte were amazing, and the Bananas Foster was the perfect capper. Service from the guys at the bar was great too.So I was concerned coming to the Palace Café due to its hype and facade of bright lights on Canal Street.
After arriving too early for lunch and not wanting to have their breakfast buffet, I'm very happy that they were willing to sit us to enjoy a meal.
To put it simply, we LOVED Palace Café including its food, staff, and the atmosphere.
We were drawn to the restaurant because of their signature "Crab Cheesecake" which - no offense to the restaurant - should be called a "Crab Quiche." But was it delicious - oh yes, definitely!
Aside from the delicious entrees we got, the Godiva Cappuccino and Sailor's Coffee sweeten our taste buds on a great morning.
Nevertheless, their customer service was beyond excellent. Having Nikki as our server brighten our mood with her loveable hospitality. Jackson handled our alcohol and made sure it was brought out elegancy. Mike was our busboy who quickly helped Nikki while checking in on our table whenever something is empty. Nevertheless, having the managers of Shannon and Dashan blew us away because they were willing to get their hands dirty and made sure everyone was comfortable.
Overall, this place is a must for anyone wanting to enjoy great food. Thank you!I enjoyed a delicious early lunch at this classic gateway to the French Quarter. The crab cheesecake did not disappoint. Also recommended: the Bananas Foster, which is prepared table side and goes down easily with some of their chicory-infused coffee.Can't help but yelp. This used to be one of my favorite restaurants, 20 years ago. The food last night was mediocre at best and the service was terrible. The staff looked like they were all sharing the same batch of meth, but they had no sense of urgency. We paid a whopping $286.00 for four of us plus 20% tip but we will NEVER go back. The rat faced bartender was pissed off when we ordered drinks before we went to our table and there was no one else at the bar. Service was rude and ugly. In every sense of the word.We decided to spend New Years in New Orleans for my sister and her husband's 30th birthday.  What better way to spend your dirty thirty than to be eating and drinking your heart out in the dirty south.
We started off with some coffees and Bloody Mary's.  The crabmeat cheesecake came highly recommended so we ordered one to share.  I was a bit skeptical at first, CRAB MEAT CHEESECAKE?! But it's only called a cheesecake because it resembles one.  It's more like a quiche in my opinion.  The creole meuniere sauce with the mushrooms was my favorite part.  (I'm not going to pretend I didn't just google what meuniere sauce was either.)
And then came the entrees.  My sister ordered the Shrimp Tchefuncte.  Apparently they have a brunch version and a lunch version of this dish.  Since it was New Years Day I guess the jazz brunch version was not available.  Nonetheless the dish was still delicious.  I ended up ordering the Pasta St. Charles.  Creamy deliciuos pasta with shrimp.  Yum.
The service was on point and the whole place is very cute, but honestly I wasn't blown away.  I've been to New Orleans so many times and I really may have just ordered the wrong items but the food just didn't give me that wow factor.  If there was one item on this menu that I would definitely come back for, it would be the crab meat cheesecake.Best andouille crusted fish ever. I topped it with fried oysters that were divine. Creamy inside and crispy on the outside. It came with a bed of cauliflower, zucchini and onions that blended perfectly with the dish. The sazeracs here are better than Waldorf Astoria sazerac bar. Overall delicious meal with decent prices and great tasting drinks. Will def come here again if I'm in New Orleans.Ate here almost everyday while in NO, you would have thought since it's on the main strip it wouldn't have been all that great and why go here when there are so many other places to choose from. I was hooked on the crab claws, yummmmmm.  I also tried the ribeye which was great! I can't remember everything else, but everyone that I know went enjoyed their food. I can't wait to go back to New Orleans...first stop Palace Cafe!If you get there early you can here live music going table to table very smooth songs. Try the fish/seafood and banana foster for your dessert it's delicious!! the server makes it in front of you and there's fire involved very funn. Servers were great though the girl that sat us down was not having a good day and the bread was hard. My girl tried the rotisserie chicken and did not like it too much.Staff is very friendly. We had a drink server and food server. Food was good, crab cheesecake is like a quiche. Andouille Golf Fish was very tasty cooked excellent. Banana fosters presentation was cool- they will cook it over flame right in front of you! 
Check out the appetizers at the bar- great happy hour- half price appetizersLoved it! Outstanding service and the entrees were great! My wife has a food allergy and they took special care of her. A little pricey but the food was very good. Would have given 5 stars but bread in a bag unsliced? Hmmm! Not what you get in a five-star place.Excellent service, crab claws and bananas foster! 
Come here for appetizers or dessert. Enjoy a good meal elsewhere.The service was terrible. We had to wait 30 minutes to be seated with having made a Reservation. When seated we waited 1 hour for our food to be served. The reason as the man in the Blue Suit stated " We did not put your order in, soooo sorry." We were too.Crabmeat cheesecake reminded me of a quiche ... It was definitely different . if you're looking for something sweet I would not suggest this cheese cakeThe management did not charge us for the and duck part of our revellion dinner.Duck dried out and flavorless. Good thing I was not putting all my birthday cheer just on this place. Had the most wonderful lunch at the Blind Pelican their duck sandwich WAS WONDERFUL.Amazing creme broule as well as the cochon au lait!
Ambiance is very french like and everything is very cute.A couple of friends recommended this restaurant so thought we had to check it out. Started out with the Crab Claws Bordelaise in a butter and garlic sauce. Then I ordered the Shrimp Tchefuncte and for dessert the Bananas Foster. Everything was so delicious and had a lot of flavor.Went here for dessert. Really liked the upstairs bar. Daiquiris and colada's were horrible and a waste of $$$.     Shortcake is #1 and Bananas Foster was #2 (small portion).Since the first time I ate at this wonderful Brennan's family establishment five years ago, I have always wanted to keep coming back for the stellar service, beautiful atmosphere and delicious food. I chose to eat here on my birthday and I could not have been happier with my Ribeye and the always much anticipated and heavenly Bananas Foster for dessert. I also really enjoyed the voodoo cocktail of the month.  I can't recommend this place enough.Can't tell you how much I love this place!  I highly recommend the Sunday Jazz Brunch.  The service was great and very efficient.Stopped in for an early lunch as this was right by our hotel. The outdoor patio was very nice and it was fun to people watch but the servers outside seemed like they were annoyed with everyone. The waitress and waiter were both working the outside area and even with 2 servers, the service was slow and very impersonal. The food we had was really good but the service really disappointed.I'm a fan. After trying to find a place open at 3 pm I stumbled upon this place. It was open, I looked at the menu and I could afford the burger.
I got sat immediately. Being at this place really made you feel like royalty. It was pretty nice and they weren't overbearing. I had the burger which was good and I enjoyed the fries though I thought they could use a little less salt. Over all. Good food, but EXCELLENT service.I came here last night with a big group - my fiancé and his colleagues were in New Orleans for a conference, and I tagged along.
Our group of 15 sat down at 8:30 (we had made a reservation) and were given warm bread and butter. I appreciated this, because it took the waiters almost 45 minutes just to take our dinner order. By the time our appetizers arrived, it was 10:00 pm. When we asked what was taking so long, the waiter replied, "you know, it's not like we purposefully are taking a long time, it just takes a long time." Finally at around 10:45 our entrees showed up. I'm giving 3 stars because the food itself was delicious. I had the duckling with foie gras and it was amazing. At 11:15 the waiter clears our entrees and asks if anyone would like to order dessert. At this point I would have thought they would have just brought us a few desserts on the house, considering as a table we ordered at least 5 bottles of wine, and two course dinners for everyone. Instead, we joked about having to wait another hour for dessert and asked for the check instead.
This place could be great, but if they can't accommodate large parties they shouldn't take large reservations.Wonderful ambiance nice bar, food is great, a bit pricey. Plenty of wine selections to choose from around the world.Service was impeccable!! Dria is SO personable and is one of the best waitresses I've had in a while! 
Food was delicious!  Had the bananas foster prepared tableside. Classic Brennan's atmosphere!! Bravo as always!!I enjoyed the Café Eggs Benedict here, my go-to breakfast dish. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the pork was delicious. The only critique here was that the cheddar biscuits were a little hard, which can be easily corrected.
I sat outside and enjoyed the breeze while I did some people watching! Service was great, my waiters were very attentive. Overall, a decent meal, but I'm not sure I would go back based on the value. You can easily go over $20 a person from one plate and one small juice.
I may have to come back for the Turtle Soup, Lunch or Dinner for a better experience because breakfast was just okay.I always hear local hipster's dogging on the Brennan's but you know something they have great menus with superb execution and phenomenal customer service(at least at the Dickie Brennan restaurants). Say what you will, Dickie Brennan and his family and partner, Steve Pettus create a wonderful dining experience.  The renovation of the old Werlein building is exquisite with all the Parisian fixtures, the open windows into the kitchen so you can see your creme brulee being torched and the spectacle of a Banana's Fosters flambeed table-side without the loss of life or limb.  If you have problems with anything you bring up to management or one of the Brennan's family members who are inevitably wandering the floors of their business, I have never had an issue that wasn't remedied promptly and to the betterment of my meal.I ordered the cheeseburger which was to be medium well. It was severely over cooked and dried out. My friend's salad was iceberg lettuce which was unimpressive. The bathroom had one toilet that was filled with toilet paper and unusable. The stall we used had no paper on the dispenser, you had to unroll it yourself. For a place that appeared to be classy on the outside, once we were inside, the classy became trashy.Really amazing place and food. Locally sourced food, homemade dishes, and excellent staff. I had the chicken breast with gnocchi and the goat cheesecake, they were amazing, particularly the cheesecakes, it is the best I ever had. This is my first day in New Orleans ever and coming here was Definitely worth it (and set the tone for the rest of the trip!!)We ate at Palace Cafe for breakfast and were surprised that there was only 1 item on the menu (eggs, with the option of grits and sausage on the side), but we assumed if they only did one thing, they must be good at it.  We could not have been more wrong.
First, our server was a special combination of slow and confused, so it took a half hour to even get him to take our order.  Another half hour goes by before our food comes, at which point one of the four meals is missing.  It turns out that part of the order was never put in.  Their solution was to quickly half cook some eggs, so we ended up with raw egg soup.  A fitting finish to an already terrible eating experience.Good food.  We went in for dinner and I had the rotisserie chicken with the truffle mashed potatoes.  It was very good.  The only downside is that the service was awful. Our waitress was rude and was more interested in her table of 6 than us.  We saw her when she took our order and gave us her check.The worst salty food ever! Taste like pure salt!
Our waitress did not care, just shrugged her shoulder. Run...... Waste of hard earned money!We were in NO on our trip and visited this place twice., and both times the food was excellent. We sat outside and ordered appetizers because it was late. Spinach salad came with tasty dressing which I enjoyed. I wanted to try gumbo in NO, and theirs was no disappointment. Crabmeat cheesecake was good, too. It may have been pricy if we had full dinner, though.Gotta love a restaurant that lets you add a side of pre-picked crab to whatever you order. Next time I will sit at the bar in front of the kitchen window - looked like a lot of fun.Strolled to the Palace Cafe last Sunday after a debaucherous night in the Quarter and was in DIRE need of brunch.  I did not have reservations but was quickly ushered upstairs through the spiraling staircase ( we were given the option to take the elevator) and past the jazz band. Once seated my very hungover friend started calling out that he needed mimosas statum..and he said they hit the spot. They serve french bread and butter ( they dont have any jams or jellies :( ) but the bread is quite hard and just blah. Coffee was YUMMY!!! I had like 5 cups... 
We had a crabmeat cheesecake as an appetizer that I can only describe as the most orgasmic food that has ever crossed my lips. It was baked in a pecan crust and decorated with three little claws...So yummy. Def a must! For main entree I had the eggs benedict with pulled pork debris.. It was OK ( definitely room for improvement in the taste of the pork -ive had this dish before elsewhere and besides the corn bread muffin it is made with there is nothing else thats actually noteworthy)
For dessert I ordered bread pudding!! Oh MY! What awful consistency! It was as if I was eating soggy bread dripped in white chocolate sauce! I cant imagine this was actually cooked.
On a side note :  I did order a crabmeat cheesecake to go lol! And I have plans on coming back and perhaps having the crabmeat quiche for entree.OMG- can't believe how many times I walked by this place- thinking it was a tourist trap because it is located on Canal Street- huge mistake!! I had the crab claws -unbelievable!! So amazing- and I'm used to Maryland crabs- this is my new favorite place! Also had the crab cheesecake- don't let the name throw you off- it too is amazing!! Sat upstairs at the bar- very attentive staff- live music in the background, not overly loud- violin and guitar- very classy! My new go to spot when I'm in NOLA!!I've been to Palace Cafe several times for business and have always enjoyed it. This most recent visit however was disappointing. We made a reservation and were seated at a very nice table. We were greeted right away by the drink server who promptly took our order. We waited a very long time to get our cocktails and in the meantime were greeted by our server. The restaurant was full but I've been to very few in New Orleans that aren't. We had been in town for a long weekend and had had our fill of seafood but started with crab claws and crawfish and brie au-grautin for appetizers, These both came out excellent and in very nice time following our turtle soup starter.  For a departure from the seafood we went with a filet and the duck with foie gras. By the time these entrees came out we almost forgot what we ordered. We also waited a very long time for subsequent cocktails. The servers were on top of the orders but the bar couldn't seem to get them out. When our entrees were finally delivered they were not even warm. The waiter apologized and immediately returned them to the kitchen. We then waited a long time again for the re-do. Unfortunately this time they were just lukewarm and did not taste right at all. After a few bites of her filet, my wife actually got sick and had been feeling just fine prior. The floor manager was very apologetic and brought us complimentary strawberry pie and took our entrees off of our bill. With the reputation of Palace Cafe I'm sure this was an unusual occurrence but for us an unfortunate final dinner on our last evening there after so many other excellent choices that we made the rest of the weekend.There was a slight wait.  Nothing really.  The menu has a wide variety.  I ordered the shrimp tchefuncte. Price was $19. Again there was a wait. But there also wasn't an empty seat in the house.  The shrimp dish was amazing!!! The wait staff...AMAZING!!! Sweet, polite and over the top helpful. I'm very happy with my dinner.  So happy that the next night (even though I had dinner else where) went back for desert. We asked for Blaine as our waiter. He is over the top!  We ordered the banana foster. Wow!!! What a display and the taste...even my finicky daughter loved it.  Plan on going back tonight as it's Blaine's last night.  I know it's going to be wonderful!Summary:
Very good and well presented food, but a high price
Details:
Not sure why you need to two servers, 1 for drinks/desert, and 1 for the entrees, but that's how they operate (and what they told us).
The food here was very good. The Crab Cake Cheesecake appetizer is more like a crab quiche, but it was very good. I go the shrimp entree, and while it was good, I wish I got something different. The sauce is the same thing as on the Crab Cake Cheesecake. My girlfriend got the Andouille Fish (mahi mahi) and that was excellent. I'd recommend that in a heart beat.
They also got us drinking the local beer, Abita, which was very good as well.The 1st time we are here the food was great, staff was friendly and hospitable. After having a bad day, we decided to stop by a second time for some drinks and appetizers. Wes, who was our server, went out of his way to make the day better for us and Shannon, who's the restaurant manager took the time to stop chat with us. While chatting with us, she bragged about the training her chefs had gone through and it really shows with the quality of food they produce. The food alone was enough for us to return to this place but the hospitality makes this place makes this place a must go to place when visiting New Orleans. For this and them being able to put a smile on my wife's face on that day, they get 5 stars from me.Paid $16.00 for an artichoke appetizer.   It consisted of about four bites.  The artichoke was not edible.  Our wedge salad was a joke.  My husbands was shredded and both salads were the smallest salads I have ever seen.   Our corn soup was delicious as was our desert.   Amazing waitress but very disappointed over all.No joke: we would have eaten all 3 meals a day at Palace Cafe during our Nola trip. We had brunch here on our 1st day and sat in the upstairs Black Duck Bar/Lounge which had a full service menu. I had the crab cheesecake (savory and outstanding), the white bean garlic soup (meh). My hubby had the Croque Madame (was like a toasted ham and cheese with fried egg on top, hollandaise sauce).. he liked it a lot (didn't love) but was worth trying. We thought the bar service that day was friendly but not totally attentive (we sat at the bar). 
The next day we opted to sit in the main dining room. Recommend sitting in the upstairs dining since it's quieter but the wait was too long. 
Our dinner experience was OUTSTANDING. Our server was Nigel and he really helped make the night special. I chose the crab cheesecake (again)! My husband ordered andouille-crusted sheephead white fish on top of mashed fingerling potatoes. OMG! These dishes sealed the deal: Palace Cafe will be our 1st stop in Nola next visit. Can't wait to try more items on the menu. Price point was reasonable and worth every penny.While this is centrally located on canal (cringe) I can't help but keep coming here. 
Palace Cafe has the best staff in town. They are knowledgeable, considerate with appetizer placement, and kind.  Juan was our waiter.
I was in yesterday and had a syncope episode due to low blood sugar, stepped outside for some fresh air and passed out. The staff came outside right away and helped me with a chair and cold water. Thank you so much!!  
We had the duck poutine it was so rich and delicious. We have had duck poutine in Canada and it was not nearly as delicious.We went for lunch on a Monday. Our beverage server was the nicest guy and had helpful tips! The French bread is a great touch. My friend had a religious experience over the steak and crawfish with corn bisque (? the sauce underneath). Upscale restaurant but with a New Orleans casual feel. As our server said the cheesecake with Ponchatoula strawberries will change your life.Avoid this horrible place. Better food and service elsewhere. Almost anywhere actually. 
So a woman who looks like a man can wear a spaghetti strap dress and heels w his very long and unkept beard, but my boyfriend can't wear his clean cut Nike tank. Double standards much? I do t care what a dude wears, dress or otherwise, Plenty of people outside were in tanks, you could have offered to seat us there, but you just said no. Unprofessional unacceptable and arguably discriminatory. Your food is terrible and your service abysmal. We won't waste our time here again.Absolute garbage. Not only was the (newly renovated!) atmosphere soul-sucking and bright, but my $30 duck entree tasted like cafeteria food. Pretty sure the 'potato purée' was actually just instant mashed potatoes. Oh, and I went to grab my own beer from the bar after it sat there for ten minutes and my server had clearly forgotten about it. I am local to New Orleans and sincerely hope that people don't come to this place and think that this is what we are all about. Embarrassing.Over cooked shrimp, wilted lettuce, and bad service were the low points and the reason for the 2 stars. However, the bananas foster was the saving grace of the evening.Awesome experiences!
     I have been here a few times - never a disappointment. From the service, to the ambiance (grand staircase), to the entrees, to the wine, everything has been spot on. I have enjoyed intimate dates here as well as being part of a larger group - you're treated great either way. 
     The duck special is robust and succulent, the dark chocolate brownie dessert is heavenly, and the Chardonnay is grand - just like the building itself.
Sunday brunch is fantastic, too. 
Try it, you won't be disappointed.
Overall: 4.7 / A+It's been a while since I've been here, but we had an excellent meal with a large party.  Palace Cafe was more than accomodating.  The interior is very attractive and the atmosphere is wonderful.  
Unfortunately, I can't even remember what I ate at this point.  I do remember my wife ordered rabbit and it was delicious.  It's a bit pricey, so it's one of those every once in a while places.  Next time I head down to NOLA I may stop by again.A wonderful happy hour!  Fantastic small plates to share, ambiance, views of Canal Street. Definitely coming back!We strolled into this beautiful restaurant on a Saturday night without a reservation, and were offered immediate seats at either of the bars or wait an hour for a table. We chose to go to the upstairs bar, and are very happy we did. The bartenders were Nichole and Drew, and they made our night. They managed to be fun but professional, relaxed but attentive. We enjoyed their company, but were still able to have an intimate dinner. It was the best of both worlds. We had Manhattans, which were very good. Drew and Nichole both gave us great recommendations for food too. 
The crab cheesecake was unique and scrumptious (sorry, the picture is of a half-eaten one). When we saw that it was a recipe in the cookbook, we decided to buy the cookbook as a birthday present for a friend. Hearing this, Drew offered to have the chef sign it. 
For dinner, I had the Duck and Ben had the Crusted Gulf Fish. Both were incredible. I found myself daydreaming about the duck the next day.... even as I was thoroughly enjoying chicken and waffles at the Creole House. Ben too, reflected on how pleased he was with his dinner from the night before... as he enjoyed his Bayou Bowl. The dinner that keeps on giving.
It was a perfect evening top to bottom.The food was delicious and service was great but I think it lacked something..... Well worth the visit, though.We evacuated from Florida due to Irma. Came here for Sunday Jazz brunch. Great music, wonderful food, excellent service. When we paid the bill, they gave us 50% off !!! For better ng evacuees. 
Wow! Great heart from the restaurant ! If you are in NOLA this Irma weekend, please do come here for lunch or dinner and you will have a great experience.I have been in New Orleans for 4 days now where I've had breakfast, lunch and dinner each day. I've gone to several places that were recommended to me but today my business partner and I stumbled on Palace Cafe. It's by far been the best service we have had here in NOLA. Dan and Jade went above and Beyond to make sure we had a great dining experience and the food and drinks were great too!Highly recommend!!This is a hard one. The waiter was awesome, and the chef sent us a tasty bite for our honeymoon. However our drink waiter was a bit creepy, lingering at the table a bit to long. All our drinks including our hot coffee drinks were served in wine goblets. The calas were amazing!!! We almost ordered a second plate. The crab cheese cake was also lovely. The seafood gumbo was horrible, and I sent it back. Very salty and no other real flavor. My husband's salad was lacking as well. On the other side of pecan pie was amazing. In the end a real hit and mess experience.Had brunch at the palace cafe. I had a mimosa and eggs Benedict. The food was good, but not extraordinary. The service while extremely friendly was unbelievably SLOW. This somewhat dampened my experience. The wait staff needs some training in multiple-tasking.Banana Foster was created in 1951 by Paul Blangé at Brennan's Restaurant in New Orleans.
And of course as a visitor to the City, I need to have an authentic "banana foster" experience. As the original Brennan restaurant not open during late afternoon, we ended up coming to Palace Cafe which is operated by Brennan's.
Deco here is grand and classy. The building itself is as historic as it is the Werlein building which dated to 1905.
Banana Foster ($7) though was fun to watch preparing table side but lack of the caramelized flavour from the flame.
Pecan Pie served with praline ice cream ($8) would be great if you have a sweet tooth. Overwhelming sweetness I found it meh.
Palace Cafe is convenient located especially if you are a visitor to the City. A taste of New Orleans without venture out too far.
Maybe I have a Crab Cheesecake next time?I met a gal who was looking to leave the bureau here to work for me for coffee and snack. 
I was not hungry but thought it would be odd to sit and not eat so in addition to coffee I asked for a plate of fruit de mer, which is apparently very popular in New Orleans.
She proceeded by telling me that she came to NOLA for undergraduate and that she was seeking a change. DC was a good place for that. In DC you cannot swing a bat without hitting 10 lawyers. My entire office in DC are lawyers by training with other impressive backgrounds. She told me that food her is good, better, than DC and that you can get the best coffee here. Chicory is big here. I ordered a plain cappuccino but regretted when I saw her getting her limitless cafe au lait. I forgot NOLA is a bit of French in some ways. And that made me miss my home in France.
Fruit de mer in NOLA style comes with shrimp sausage, fish sausage, smoked fish two ways more terrine, and fruit and shrimp, and some nice smoked salmon. Fresh bread and more crackers to munch on. She did most of the talking, I did most of the eating. The best part was the shrimp sausage, never had it before this. The dish is a cross between southern and french, but with a hint of Scandinavia in the mix.
I was satisfied and the conversation went well. As I mentioned to my colleague about my meal afterwards, he said, "well you went for the dish because just an hour ago you were speaking with xx and he and you both were talking about Zabar's fish counter". He was right. My subconsciousness had led me stray. Still, a great find.Seriously, the Andouille Crusted Fish was the best meal I had during my stay in New Orleans. Highly recommend!I was here around 5:30 between Christmas and New Year's, and have eaten here twice before. If you want casual but elegant New Orleans dining, this is the place! I highly recommend their crab cheesecake--just order this savory delight and you won't regret it. Because it was a slow time, we got a cozy spot right by the window so we could watch the pedestrians on Canal street while we sipped our wine. It was dinner and a show.Crab cheesecake was delicious, the owner adorable and Jeremy was fantastic! Food was delicious and they split plates to share. Highly recommend.Can't comment on the food, but the 3rd floor-- while a bit plain, and the bar is off to the side-- is somehow still a great place for a party.
Servers aren't exactly outstanding, but they do the job, and things flowed well right up til the surprisingly early 11pm closing time.
Had a few hiccups with the beer supply but they were all repeatedly and swiftly corrected, so no complaints!This is probably the worst breakfast I have ever had. This morning 10.7.2017 we decided not to get our breakfast at the hotel so we ended up at this place that looked so promising. Reminding us of Paris cafe. We got a table outdoor. We are not from this part of the country so we opted for a simple meal. I ordered 2 eggs over medium with bacon and toast. My partner ordered a veggie omelette with toast. We also ordered 2 cafe au lait. I got 2 eggs swimming in a pool of oil, thick slices of soggy bacon and something called toast - soggy as well. The omelette was ok. The coffees had to be reminded and they came with cold milk and lukewarm coffee. Needless to say we did not like it. A second round of coffees arrived again, with cold milk. Only when I voiced my displeasure we were served warm milk. 
It was awful with a hefty bill $1.50 shy of $40.00.
What a waste of time (service was unfriendly and slow) and money.
Don't frequent this establishment!I came here for my graduation brunch and it was amazing!! I had a party of 10 and they did a great job accommodating all of our needs. We had a wonderful table upstairs looking out to Canal St. The drink specials were amazing, the food was delicious, and the jazz band was very talented. 
I ordered the eggs Benedict and it was better than the one I had at Commanders Palace a few weeks prior! And for dessert we got the bananas foster and that is a must!! It is literally dinner and a show!
Only complaint was our waiter for our drinks, she was really rude and had nothing nice to say about the restaurant, owners, and other waiters. Really hurt the mood of the morning.Great atmosphere and great service. The kitchen on the other hand was awful. The food was bland and some not even cooked right and the presentation was horrible. Will not be going back.I had eaten here before, and was trying to figure out what the name was.  I knew it was across the street from the former Le Meridian, but it changed ownership so was not able to locate.  Thanks to you Yelpers, I got here!!  
I had a business dinner, and wanted something nice, but not too expensive.  This was perfect.  Excellent food, great wine, and was $600 for 10 people.  (hard to beat).  
Everyone raved about their meal, and loved it.You need to go to a restaurant in New Orleans with tiny hexagonal floor tiles, incredibly high ceilings held up by slim ornate poles, and slow-spinning ceiling fans, so you might as well go here. Brunch was lively with a deadpan jewish jazz ensemble looking like robots. Maybe the weirdest menu I've ever read, with sauce choron, Shrimp Tchefuncte, pickled pork hash, and shirred eggs in brioche. Food was typical variations on the creamy theme, not spectacular but definitely on par with other traditional joints. Service was also weird.Best steak I've ever had anywhere. Hands down. Don't miss the bananas foster made table side. If you can, sit upstairs. The ambiance is lovely and the bar is beautiful. Attentive waitstaff and superb food.So my friend, whom I'm staying with in New Orleans, used to work for Palace Cafe and she helped me in coordinating a wonderful dinner experience for Janette W. on our trip for her Bachelorette Weekend.  And I must admit that this restaurant gave me one of the best experiences ever. 
We decided to do a few sampler platters of appetizers and desserts, letting the girls with various choices for dinner. Janette W. chose one of the best rooms in the restaurant, the Wine Room. So amazing and gorgeous with wines everywhere. If it's one thing that we love, it's wine.  So eating there was such an amazing experience. 
The service we received was some of the best ever. Our wine glasses were always full and we had a great time just hanging out without anyone else chattering. The food is amazing. SIMPLY AMAZING. I didn't think I would like the crab meat cheesecake but Jessica insisted I try it and it turned out to be one of my favorite appetizers along with the stuffed crab claws. 
Jessica and I shared our entrees. I got the filet mignon (medium rare) and she got the ahi tune (medium rare) and they were both so succulent and tender that we ate every bite. 
Dessert came out and OH MY, WHAT A SELECTION. Cheesecake, creme brulee, mississipi mud pie, and so many more. My eyes were round with glee. We all ate as much as we could and then reached for more. 
Excellent service, fantastic food, and an awesome evening with the girls. I definitely recommend eating here any day.The food was good but service was so so. There was a table next to us that kept buying alcohol and the waiters catered to them more than us (as I can see more alcohol equals a larger tip). I got the shrimp which was delicious but cost 35 bucks for 3 pieces. While others in my party got more of a meal that cost less. I also didn't like the scraping of the table. It just seemed rude. We had ordered a bananna fosters and I noticed the table next to us ordered theirs after us but was served first. It took over a half hour to get ours. Also be sure to check your water as my glass was pretty dirty. The fosters ehh I wasn't crazy over it.Love going to Palace Cafe, every time we go the food, drinks and service are great.   It's a place we will continue to go to, and look forward to.Excellent dining experience! My boyfriend and I came here for his birthday dinner. We sat upstairs and had a nice view of the floor below. Great wine and service! 
I started with the crab cheesecake, which was wonderful. My boyfriend had the Caesar-like salad which he enjoyed. We both got the filet as our entree and Oh My God it was to die for. For the price, I would have liked a little more potatoes and asparagus, but all of it was delicious. Would come back for a special occasion again.Just on Canal, across from a trolley stop very good service and nice menu. The Brennan's know about the restaurant business and Palace Cafe is no different ~
  The Shrimp  Trafunchte excellent the sauce is soooo good you will want to bathe in it~
   The offer regular iced tea & flavored which I prefer ~ today's was Pina Colada. Basically it had pineapple  juice in it, VERY NIIIICE.The food was delicious and the atmosphere is nice, especially at Christmas time. It is beautifully decorated and very charming. It was a very enjoyable experience.Whether I'm living here, visiting, or just coming through, I'm stopping here, at least for lunch. If I can make a Jazz Brunch on Sunday, its going to be here. This was another favorite that I hadn't visited since '05, the last time I'd been to New Orleans. I was assuming that Palace Cafe, like many other places, would be gone or that the prices would be through the roof. Fluctuatng quality is usually not as much of an issue in New Orleans as I've found in other cities I've lived in. The food simply has to be good in this city. Sure, locals will talk about varying quality, but I've NEVER been whole-heartedly dissapointed here, outside of the French Quarter tourist traps. On a budget, I gladly remembered that Palace Cafe has a great lunch menu, as well--one that will not break the bank. But, dayum, it busted this gut.
    So, my million dollar question: how was the crabmeat cheese cake holding up? If you don't know, this is their signature dish: creole cream cheese, chunky crab meat and a ground-pecan crust, topped with 3 claws and a dark, buttery, peppery, lemony, worcestershirey saucy-thing--one of those unique, mouth-watering flavor combinations that would let a blindfolded man know what city he's in, as it doesn't occur anywhere else in the world, like belachan, chilis, and curry leaves in Malaysia. "A very nostalgic choice, sir!" my waiter chirps, along with a "welcome back". Might I add, I'm dressed like a bum and still being addressed as "sir", and as a human being? Would this happen in Boston? Hell naw.
   The cheese cake has withstood almost a decade of culinary fusions, gels, foams and other fads, without a need for a single tweak. Its timeless. I'd decided to stick with appetizers today, in hopes of waltzing out with a $20, knockout lunch under my belt. I got the corn-fried oysters, perched on slices of melted St. Andre Triple Cream brie, on a slice of toasted country bread. The whole shebang was drizzled with a tasso (cajun smoked/spice ham) cream sauce, and topped with watercress. The oysters were delicious, and how can you go wrong with all of those other things?? You can't. Even when the toast comes out burnt. Ahem. I mopped up the smokey cream sauce with burnt bread covered in triple-efn'-cream-efn'-brie. Does it really matter? On principle, yes, but it still tasted great. Next time I'd go for the oysters pan roast in rosemary cream, which began my life long love of rosemary 11 years ago. 
       Next....help! Please, have mercy and talk me out of the white chocolate bread pudding, their signature desert. I asked the waiter to spare me and guide me to somewhere safe. I knew that, if memory serves me correctly, my head and innards would certainly explode upon contact with such an indulgent, capital I-N-D-U-L-G-E-N-T, confection, that would hit me like an elephant-tranquilizer dart and make my voyage off of Canal street impossible for several hours. Oh forget trying to box that bad boy up. You won't resist. I don't remember what the waiter's suggestions were...but I DID overhear somebody saw "strawberry season". Oh god, no..help. There's no way I could leave without the much lauded Ponchatoula Strawberry Shortcake. I don't know if you're supposed to used caps when speaking about deserts, but I'm going to. Even caps lock: PONCHATOULA EFN' STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE.  I got it. It was local and with housemade short cake and cream. Get out of here. Y'all don't know. Y'all aint ready. And that was it. I rolled myself out of there, but it was worth every ounce of pain and every dollar. It it didn't cost that many dollars.Great food, amazing service! The place was clean and well maintained. The servers recommendations were outstanding- crab cheesecake and rum cake! Will definitely visit again next time I pass through NOLA!The food is so good along with the atmosphere. We chose to sit indoors but they do have sidewalk seating where a wonderful guy serenades you with his sax and his voice
Had the cheese plate as an appetizer, enjoyed the chargrilled ribeye but the salads are a bit skimpy considering We paid $8 after paying $36 for the steak.
I would eat there again.This was my second time in New Orleans, and each time this is the first place I have eaten. This was directly across the street from our hotel. 
I had the Shrimp Tchefuncte, my boyfriend who doesn't eat shellfish and is particular about fish, had the burger. 
As soon as he bit in, he went on and on about how juicy it was. My shrimp was good, but it tasted as if it was missing something. I'm not sure I would order the shrimp again, but I'll definitely go back again. 
I had a mojito, and he had some concoction on their drink menu. The creme brule which I had before is to die for. I passed on it this time, as we had a few other places we "had" to eat at.Great lunch served by Philomena. Shrimp roll with remoulade. Iced tea to slake my thirst and off to the airport. PC was perfect finale to four days in the crescent city.Great service.  Linen on tables.  Waiters  with ties.  Good value for some great food.  Went to Emeralds last night terrible compaired to here.  Quality of food 5.  Cooked perfectly.   Service 5. Atmosphere 5. Specious tables.  Not crowded.  Will go again.This is a very good restaurant in Nawlins.  The building is beautiful with its European-inspired interiors. There is an open kitchen, which is pleasant and perhaps even reassuring.  The andouille crusted fish is served piping hot and quite good.  The wine selection is decent.  Prices are reasonable, and the services are terrific.Visually, this place is stunning. I loved the structure and design of the interior, very classy. Went there with a party of 6 for a work dinner, with a reservation. We were about 5 minutes early and were seated immediately. 
Water came about 10 minutes later, then about 15 minutes after that our first server (which he identified himself as one of three that would be taking care of us) stopped by asking if we would like anything to drink. He was holding a binder with what was obviously the wine list, but didn't actually offer that to us immediately. We had to ask for it - when we did he put the piece on the table and pushed us to make a decision almost immediately. It was a little awkward. About 5 minutes later the bread was put on the table (very cute, they serve it in a paper bag). Our drinks were finally brought over, but we still hadn't seen the waiter for food. Finally she stopped by, asking if we had any questions about the menu, which we did. She answered thoughtfully and proficiently - and provided some suggestions, which we were open to. 
The seafood gumbo, pepper crusted duck, filet, pork shank (this is HUGE) and rotisserie chicken were all enjoyed by our group. Water was refilled often, but our sommelier (if you could call him that) didn't come by again to ask if we wanted anything more to drink. We finished our meals, and waiting a SOLID 15 minutes after our plates had been cleared to have anyone come by to ask us if we were interested in dessert. We declined, honestly ready to just get out of there, and then waited another 10 or so minutes for the food-waitress to come and give us our check. At this point we were waiting for at least 25 minutes with empty wine glasses, table cleared, and it took her another 5 minutes to even bring our check. 
This place was nice, food is good, but the fact that we had three servers and still didn't really have good service was a little off-putting. Overall, I would recommend the place to anyone with more patience that I.Absolute great time. Great food. Great experience . Had a lovely time for Mother's Day. And had such great chats with our server Claire. She made the night that much better. Best service overall!!!The service was a little slow but the food was amazing.  I had the Pork Shank and it was outstanding!  Other in our party sampled the Fish Pecan, the Filet with Crabmeat along with other meals and had the same experience.  Topped it all off with the Bananas Foster for desert!  Great meal!Horrible service we waited 45 min after we ordered just for 3 salads and 2 soups for a party of 11. Went to the hostess to ask for a manager who then came poured one soup and walked away without saying anything to us. Currently still sitting here waiting for food. Extremely dispoI'm a fan, and will go back next time we visit NOLA.  
This is an 'upscale' cafe, but you can go with casual attire.  It's nicer that much of what you get in the French Quarter along Bourbon Street, etc.  
Great menu.  Creative.  Presentation and quality of the food was top notch.  Service was OK, probably the only thing keeping me from giving them a 5 Star rating.  It was a very busy weekend, I'm sure it's usually better.  
I'd recommend this place for breakfast, lunch and maybe even dinner....there are so many places to choose for Dinner.  But if looking for a great all around restaurant, try Palace Cafe.Terrific ambience - modern and yet elegant - in a full-service restaurant and bar. The layout and decor is beautiful with wonderful mosaics reminiscent of New Orleans history. The menu offered the perfect number of options for our group. The food was simply amazing, with unique combinations and generous proportions. We ate in the bar area because we didn't have reservations and it was actually really nice. Not awkward at all. I recommend a visit... and get reservations if you can! Come hungry!Lovely casual atmosphere. It's lively and it's romantic. Great for dining, libations, or just sipping espresso.We made a meal of their appetizers and were quite content.  Overall a mixed bag of awesome and disappointing.  
Pros:
- Great atmosphere.
- The smoked duck appetizer was scrumptious.
- Fun presentation on their cornbread. 
- The crab cheesecake was the most indulgent thing I've ever had, and far better than expected. 
Cons:
-Service was a little slowish at times.
- The spinach salad was overdressed and inedible.
- Passionfruit sorbet was too tart, while the raspberry was too sweet.  
This place was just what we needed after a long and very cold weekend.  It was warm and welcoming and delivered food at a fair price.  I'd go back just for the smoked duck.7/4/18 I had the crab cheesecake. It was incredibly unique. Very unusual taste. The decor is outstanding! I'd love to come back for a full meal.Bananas foster - depending on who made it. My wife claimed it was the best dessert two weeks ago. Now, she tries it again with me and says it is terrible. It is terrible. They probably left it sit there for too long so the hot sauce completely melt the ice-cream.
Pepper Crusted Duck Breast - good but taste exactly like "thit kho tieu". Sorry I cannot fully translate that. It is a special Vietnamese style pork stew. Please see picture. http://lamodeandmore.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/untitled.jpg?w=610&h=565
Service - I do not know how a $$$ restaurant can have service that is worse than a fast food restaurant. We sit outside. This poor old guy just sits there and waits for someone to ask him what he wanted. Two servers both pretend they do not see him. I have to tell him that if he wouldn't say anything they would let him sit there until tomorrow. Both walk by seeing empty glass and do not offer refill. And the server asked my wife "Is 20% tip OK?" She said yes. Women. If I had to answer that, I would say "10% is OK." If a server suggests a tip amount, then she/he does not deserve it.I will reserve my comments to the bar upstairs.  The Black Duck is a hidden place up stairs in the Palace Cafe. Not sure you would ever look for it it find it on your own. The Palace Cafe is right on Canal Street.  We happened on the bar and it was a big surprise.  A little stuffy at first and the bartender (don't call her a mixologist) was standoffish at first. After a few minutes of banter it was great.  The food at the bar interesting and drinks great.  Lots of rum and whiskey as well as everything else.   The open kitchen was fun to watch and we saw them cutting up the watermelon for pickled rind. They then puréed the Mellon for the best watermelon Rita.  Can't wait to try again. Worth looking for it.Just ok
Service was non-attentive and Sloooow
Food was very good - tasty 
Facility was clean
Outside seating was GREAT.Amazing dinner. Elliot was fantastic, the rest of the staff too. It definitely added to the experience and we can't wait to come back. Bananas foster was the bomb too, but this is common knowledge!I was in NOLA for a music festival and I has to taste so local fare. This place has good indoor/outdoor sitting but it was super crowded I assume because of the festival. I grab a seat at the bar and was attended to almost immediately upon me sitting down.  The bartenders are wonderful. I ordered the shrimp and grits and it didn't disappoint me. The only reason for the four star is because it took a very long time to get my meal.
@mocha_dinesStopped in for dessert. The Bananas Foster was yummy! It was flambéd table side. The interior was a bit dated, but the service was wonderful.Just had brunch here and it was so delicious. I had the Shrimp Tchefuncte (Shrimp and Grits w/mushrooms and a sauce)OMG I am so full. We are a party of 5 and the wait time would've been an hour but the manager gave us a quaint little area by the bar and reserved an extra space for us. We all enjoyed our meal and how pleasant the staff was.Had a wonderful group dinner here. The crab cheesecake was outstanding as was the seafood. Being from Colorado, having fresh seafood is always a treat and Palace cafe delivered.Jeremy & the wait staff were fabulous. Greeted with a smile from all servers. Food was phenomenal- especially the crab meat cheesecake, an absolute must! The andouille crusted gulf fish.Recently went to this restaurant for Sunday Brunch with a group of 10 to celebrate a birthday.  The service was mediocre at best and the food was overpriced.  When we mentioned to the manager that the service had not been good, he asked if it was slow, then walked away - no offer to help or correct the situation. The only thing that was fast was the bill - not a good experience, nor a place I would recommend or return.We wandered around the French Quarter for quite awhile looking for someplace to eat that wasn't TOO expensive and also wasn't greasy and/or fast food.  We decided to go in here, and felt a little out of place, like we should have been dressed up.  But the staff still treated us wonderfully and our waiter was very patient with us when we couldn't make up our minds.  We got the Soup du Jour and a tuna entree... I can't remember what either one was called now, but they were both delicious.   We split the entree so it wouldn't be as expensive, and they didn't charge us a fee.  It was a great place to relax after walking around forever, and we felt very satisfied afterwards.The soft shell crab was very tasty if it was a little salty. The potatoes and asparagus evened that flavor out. 
I cant say I was too enamored with the strawberry shortcake and kinda wished i had the bread pudding instead.
The service was alright. The table staff is a 2 party crew. One person handles drinks the other food. The girl that was getting the drinks forgot our cokes a few times and didn't bring any cream with the coffee after asking her twice. The server for the food side of things was excellent!Nicoise Sandwich was excellent and wife's Andouille crusted fish was also so. The sandwich had the tastiest baguette I've had in a while. The bread served as an appetizer was excellent as well. Service spot on. Pricing was reasonable for such quality.Stopped in for dessert and Rum. Waiter suggested run with the bread pudding and cream buelle. He was spot on with great service. Great place to enjoy outside.You may get your food or may not depending on the time of day. We came here for lunch-11:30-12:45. The crowd was minimal with only one party seated outside and two upstairs. We were seated upstairs tv the window (nice view). The hostess forgot the 11yr and under menus so we waited a few minutes for that., I hate when restaurants ask me what I want to drink without providing me the drink menu. So I asked what kind of beer on draft. None apparently. He brought me the drink menu which consisted of 7 types of bottle beer. All domestic and none were appealing. Neither was the wine by the glass. It's rare that I choose water as a drink but here I had no choice.  A salad, two butter noodles, a burger and a crabmeat cheesecake was our order. Almost an hour later still no burger and salad. Manager and waiter came over to inform us that it was busy and our order is being expedited. Huh? We ordered BEFORE the crowd came at least 15 mins prior. Someone forgot to put the order in or was taken by another table. Of note, the party of 4 across of us came around 10 min after, received 3 of their entrees and apparently got tired of waiting for the fourth as the other three were already done. Salad and burger came which was okay. I wanted the strawberry salad but at $9 for around 4 oz of salad wasn't filling enough. They offered to double it for an entree salad so $18 for some arugula, strawberries and blue cheese!  
This is a one time place for locals. Poor service, especially if you dine upstairs with okay food at a high price.
Eat before you come here!
#nola #noladiningA very nice French Style restaurant, in the heart of New Orleans. We had coffee and drinks there and met Dria. She was super nice and sweet, very helpful and took our orders and brought what we asked for right away. She has a beautiful smile and is supper polite and we loved her. We would have eaten there if we didn't have plans to be somewhere else. Overall, great place, lively staff, enjoyed the music and highly recommend it to visitors.This is a fantastic spot to eat in New Orleans. It was originally the Werlein's music building which provides great atmosphere to accompany the top-notch service and food. Of the Brennan family restaurants, I find the Palace Cafe to give a huge bang for your buck. The crabmeat cheesecake appetizer.. delicious. Bleu cheese salad.. yum. White chocolate bread pudding.. you have to get it at least once.
It's great for a date location or for a group.. I highly recommend Palace Cafe.Very pretty restaurant, but the food was un memorable, but the bill was not. One of these places where you have three different people serving your table- OK. They were all pretty good. The bread served in a brown paper bag was terrible- just seemed like a giant hot dog roll served barely warm. As I said, the actual food wasn't memorable at all. I wouldn't go back, but it certainly wasn't bad.Attended a group dinner here and was not very impressed with the service or food. The waiters were obviously trying to get the most out filling everyone's wine glasses to the point most of us had about twice a regular pour left in the glass at the end of the night. The yellowtail entree was not good at all. It was not cut properly and the piece they served me was full of that fiber you find in between the fish meat. I enjoyed the crawfish caprese salad, but it was nothing special. The white chocolate bread pudding was flavorless and not like any bread pudding I have tried before. I would not come back here.My husband and I dined here for appetizers and drinks on a Thursday at 11:30 am, what an amazing experience as always! We ordered the crabmeat cheesecake, turtle soup, crab claws bordelaise, and  had the bananas foster. Everything was perfect! The server knew it was our anniversary and had Happy Anniversary written in chocolate on the dessert plate. Our drinks were just as tasty. My husband had the painkiller and I had a rosemary infused gin drink..... yum!This restaurant was recommended by a friend.  It was wonderful.  My daughter and I enjoyed a perfectly cooked dinner.  We weren't that hungry so we split a meal - they even did that for us before bringing it out.  It was amazing!We went here with only one purpose, to eat Bananas Foster.  My two sons and I went here first thing in the morning, the waitress thought we were a little strange for requesting three orders of Bananas Foster for breakfast (I did have coffee).  It, as would be expected, was great!  We all enjoyed watching her make it table side and the waitress was very nice and provided narration as she prepared the desserts.  If for no other reason, go here and get some when you visit New Orleans.Good food with good service.  Convenient to the hotels on Canal Street.  A decent choice if you don't have a reservation anywhere and are looking for local cuisine at a fair price.This was my favorite meal during my visit to NOLA. Excellent manhattans from Drew the bartender. The service was very attentive without being intrusive. Every course was fantastic but standouts included the butter poached gulf shrimp risotto, Waygu steak with oysters, sweet potato cake with cream cheese and famous cafe brulot. The wine pairings were spot on.My colleague and I ate here for lunch - she ordered the burger and I got the crawfish caprese. I requested the crawfish to be sautéed instead of deep fried, however, and I'm glad that I did. My caprese was delicious and filled me up just right - I didn't want anything heavy since I was heading to the airport right after. My colleague's burger, however, was very under cooked. She had requested medium well, but what she got was medium rare to rare. Being that we only had a limited amount of time to eat before catching a cab to the airport, this was a bit of a nuisance. But once we caught our server's attention and told him about the issue, he alerted the manager and took the burger to have it cooked more. The 2nd time around was better, but it would've been best if it was right the 1st time.It was a wonderful birthday dinner outing for my Tulane senior!  He made the reservations a week in advance (and of course did not tell them it was his birthday!)  When my parents and I arrived at 6:45pm, we asked to be seated upstairs, we were told that wasn't possible because those tables were all full.  I explained it was my son's birthday and if there was anything they could do, we would appreciate ~ a few minutes later, Lisa took us to our seats.  She was so polite, gave us a lovely table at the top of the stairs looking out over Canal St.  She brought the people with dark pants/dresses dark napkins so we didn't get white fuzz on our clothes.
The waiters Michele and Nicholas were very attentive but not overbearing.  The food...where do I start?  The blue cheese salad with blueberries, pecans and balsamic vinegar was amazing (yes, amazing and I usually don't like rabbit food!) the crab meat cheesecake - complete with 3 crab claws on top was yummy and the turtle soup was scrumptious!  We ordered duck x2, filet, rib eye steak and crispy gulf fish - every dish looked appealing and tasted incredible.  
Should I mention dessert?  White chocolate pudding, blueberry cheesecake, hot browning with ice cream, banana's foster and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.  We were all stuffed and happy.  Best part of the night...we enjoyed an amazing birthday dinner without any waiters coming over and signing happy birthday!
Lisa did stop by to make sure everything was going well and wish my son a happy birthday.  It is the small touches that make a big difference.  
We will surely be going back to Palace Cafe the next time we are in town! Thank you all for a wonderful evening.Service was outstanding and our waiter made some excellent recommendations:
Fried Oyster "Loaf", Andouille Crusted Fish and White Chocolate Bread Pudding were delicious.
Looking for a wine: Gigondas looked good, but sixty three dollars was too much. Waiter pointed me to a forty-some Cote du Rhone which was very good and did not overpower seafood.Crabmeat cheesecake is orgasmic.Food is good. 
Don't get me wrong the Brennan's do NOLA style food very very well. Worked for them for several years so I've been to all the Dickie Brennan establishments. However, there are better places for NOLA style food in town. They just seem to have a monopoly. The food to me, and this might be entirely because I've been to these places so many times, is lacking a wow factor . Or some sparkle. It's really good food and the service is always outstanding and Dickie will stop by your table if he's in, but it needs to be a little more adventurous. It's very typical NOLA style food. If this is what you are looking for there is no better place in town. The food is really good. if you want some less traditional but still NOLA food this is not the place to come. 
The main reason this gets 3 stars instead of 4 is because of the noise. The place is huge. 3 floors with the main and second floor connected by a spiral stair case. That combined with the marble floor can make for a very loud and bustling experience if you come when it's busy. The restaurant is gorgeous though. Has a 1920's or 1930's feel to it. And you can look into the kitchen too. Not open air but huge sweeping window. 
Again: great NOLA food though a tad boring, huge (sometimes noisy) beautiful establishment with great service.I have eaten here on several occasions on business and otherwise.  I even brought my father-in-law here for fathers' day.  It has a days of old kind of feel inside as you overlook Canal Street.  The food is pretty good, although it isn't anything that I would crave or couldn't get better elsewhere.   I think the menu could be more interesting, but it is a good place for tourists.Truly my most favorite... The vibe, the music, the staff, the food, the drink, heavenly....  the crabmeat cheese cake to die for!!!  Their sparkling wines just add a little touch of deliciousness to any nibble....  THANK YOU Palace Cafe!!!!I'm a fan of this place....fish, shrimps, oysters and do not miss duck gumbo.  Definitely going back!!Outstanding. We came in for brunch not realizing it was Sunday (losing track of the days is common for those visiting New Orleans), and we lucked out that it was jazz brunch. We only waited about 15 minutes despite it being a busy part of the morning. Service was great, my French toast was excellent, and we really enjoyed the atmosphere. Will definitely return next time I'm there.Incredible from start to finish. The crabmeat cheesecake was a great start. Don't let the name fool you, it's more of a quiche than cheesecake. So good! I had the andouille fish with crabmeat as recommended by our server, Elliot. He nailed it!!! I was definitely in the clean plate club. Our servers assistant, Edem was an absolutely joy! The service exceeded our expectations and was the best part of our experience. Elliot is a master at explaining the menu and breaking down each dish. We will definitely return!!We arrived on time for the reservation. It was supposed to be in one of the private rooms, but for a reason unbeknownst to me, we couldn't get the room although it was reserved.  We were separated into two tables, which made for a really awkward dinner.  We waited, and waited...we got our drinks....then we waited, and waited, salads came out. Waited, and waited. Food came out (two hours later at 10pm). Food was cold. Sent back, waited and waited. Food was hot. Oh, dear forget this place. I tell people to steer clear of this awful tourist trap.Nothing fancy just a cute new orleans diner. They have jalapeño infused vodka for their bloody marys, sooo good. I've heard not so good things about their dinner, so went for brunch. They have an entire seperate GLUTEN FREE menu that they will bring you when you ask. And the bananas foster is on it!Food was amazing, service was amazing-shout out to Claire! Only bad thing was the assistance our table got from the manager Brett, kind of cold and he opened our wine bottle pressing hard on the table. He also did so for the table next to us which I thought was weird.  His arms were kind of in our faces. But overall great experience!decent food, nice setting, friendly service. i wouldn't go out of my way to head back to the palace cafe, but it was definitely a good lunch choice.
the service was quick, friendly, and efficient.  i was seated and had my order taken within just a few minutes.
i ordered the pepper tuna and pasta.  it was a nice dish and i got a very generous portion.  the sundried tomatos were absolutely delicious, but i found the dish to have a bit too much olive oil.  also, the tuna was literally caked in crushed pepper.  i know, i know -- it's pepper tuna!  i get it.  but it was just overkill.  i had to scrape some off and there were literally mounds of peppercorns on my plate.
it's a nice place and the atmosphere is fun.  i doubt i'd go out of my way to head back, but if you're in the neighborhood i'd say it's a solid choice.The food was quite good (especially the crab cheesecake!), but the service was poor.  We sat outside, and others that were seated when we were had finished their entrees before we were even served.  After 45 min, the server said she'd check in the kitchen -- and brought out cold entrees.
Even with all this, the food really is good ... and people-watching in the French Quarter is always entertaining!  I'd come back -- and hope for a better server.Omg the food is soooo good!! 
The service was excellent. We sat at a table upstairs by a window overlooking Canal street. I had the crabmeat cheesecake and I've been dreaming about it ever since I've been there. It was delicious. Don't let the name deter you. I also had the andouille crusted fish topped with crabmeat. I was super full but didn't want to stop eating. Everything was so fresh and seasoned to perfection. It was worth every dime.I was there on Saturday 4/14 for breakfast - before the storm.
It seemed like a long wait after I ordered and sure enough the food came out cold.
It was very good, but cold.Duck was amazing. Great place for a rehearsal dinner. The bananas foster was a good show a few tables away but our waiter was in a depressed mood and gave no effort at all. Overall a good experience and we would definitely return for the duck.This place had really good and not expensive food. I had a cocktail and it was nicely made in an area where you can find things a bit "watered down" shall we say so that made me happy. What really made me happy was the food though. Hot, delicious, well prepared and the service was balanced and not overbearing.Food was ok. Not a large selection but good for a quick bite to eat. The cheese plates are delicious and great for sharing. Also had the veggie panini which was really good. Creamy cheese and pesto was delicious. Definitely recommend for a quick bite to eat and to rest after a morning of sightseeing!My friend and I had brunch here a few days ago. We loved the "make your own mimosa" bar. The food was okay. I ordered the duck dish and it was not hot. Seems as if it was not cooked to order - and not heated up. My friend had a really good dish. We had reservations and went straight to a table. It was just okay...I had  the Fried Oyster "Loaf" and the Pepper Crusted Duck Breast with Seared Hudson Valley Foie Gras.  The oyster loaf was not very good.  I wish they served chargrilled oysters.  The duck was okay, but I expected much better.  The portion was very small and the duck was a little dry.  I wouldn't recommend either dishes.  
There were plenty of tables upstairs available, but the only option given to me was sitting at the bar.  I won't be giving Palace Cafe a second chance.  I'll stick to Drago's, Acme or Red Fish Grill.Wonderful dinner, great share plates and entrees, topped off with rum cake dessert for sharing too! Definitely a place to return to.The place is a historic building and you can feel the love and care in the conservation. The staff is uniformed and very friendly without being intrusive. Came for brunch and had the Shrimp Tchefunte. What a revelation! The subtle mingling of flavors and textures. A must have and a keeper. The Jazz quarter is great also.Great food and great service.  We had the andouille breaded fish with spinach and snow peas.  Also a salad with fried oysters and anchovie dressing.  Oh my good coffee and strawberry cheesecake for dessert.  Don't miss it.We got l lucky with this restaurant. I got the bacon and cheddar burger and waffle fries, and it did not disappoint. The four of us split the Crab Meat Cheesecake, which was great and very rich. If you are a seafood person, I think you would like it. The only thing that was not up to par was the Pork Po Boy, which was terrible, so I wouldn't recommend it. 
The servers were helpful and very nice when we were here. 
Everything about this restaurant is very fancy, both the food and the restaurant itself. If you are a picky eater, be careful when ordering because the Palace Cafe likes to create their own unique take on typical New Orleans style food, so you might be unpleasantly surprised. Also, if you are not somewhat dressed up , you might feel a little out of place. 
Overall, a good pick when you are wandering the French Quarter.Crabmeat cheesecake is unbelievable. Waitress suggested it and there are other more expensive entrees, so happy I listened to her She even brought me more of the delicious sauce. Yummy !!I've been to this place twice.  The first time was a lot better. There crawfish cheese cake is amazing and the last time I had the 14oz bone in pork chop stuffed with crawfish.  It was good and lot of food.  The reason I give a 3 is because our waiter was very strange.The interior is beautiful.  Since it was our anniversary dinner, I was hoping to sit upstairs, but alas, we were sat downstairs next to the window facing Canal Street.  This ended up being good since there was a saxophone street performer who serenaded the couples sitting outside.
We both got fish entrees = amazing.  Grilled gulf fish and andouille crusted fish.  Loved the slightly pickled mirliton slaw on the gulf fish.
The waiter vehemently discouraged ordering the bananas foster... said you can get that anywhere so we settled on the white chocolate bread pudding.  It was good, not great, very rich.I went here after my visit to the WWII museum.  After seeing all the horrors that mankind is capable of, I needed something sweet to remind me that mankind is still capable of something good (i.e. delicious desserts).  I went in just for dessert and the hostess recommended their bananas foster.
The bananas foster was good, quite good as a matter of fact.  But I would recommend it not just for the dessert itself.  I would recommend it because it is an experience.  The waiter prepared it tableside and talked about what he was doing and why he was doing it.  The anticipation that builds up from the smells emanating from the pan while watching the caramelization of the bananas and the syrup really enhanced the whole experience! And yes, it renewed my faith in humanity!On my last day in NOLA, I passed this restaurant probably for the 10th time... and just noticed it.
I enjoyed some appetizers and and interesting drink with strawberries and basil (sweet drink lovers, not for you - the strawberries play fourth fiddle to the basil, rum and seltzer water). I personally thought it was great and refreshing as I can't stand sugary drinks.
The french bread that comes to the table in advance is THE BEST french bread I have ever had in my life!
Appetizer #1 was the poached Oyster Pan Roast w bread crumbs. I enjoyed the presentation of the little iron skillet and felt fancy while eating it. There was a hunk of rocky shell in there, but accidents happen I suppose.
Appetizer #2 was the shrimp remoulade which came in a fried tomato. I liked the sauce and bed of greens very much.
#3 turtle soup! This was my first time trying it and I def wanted to give it a shot before catching my plan back to the Midwest. The meat was in small pieces... crumbles, I'd say. Very different tasting soup. Reminded me of the sweet & sour type of soup but still different. The best descriptor I can come up with is: tangy!
Lord have mercy, I saw a plate go by that blew me away visually after I was already full: Cochon du Lait Pot Pie. I wish I could have tried this!!I love palace. Usually go there every other month. Last time i went were a little concerned that they do not have anymore their delicious mashed potatoes and the menu changed a little which i dislike this. Other the that the service still greatThis restaurant came highly recommended. We stopped in after a parade and we were seated quickly in the nearly empty restaurant. The place quickly filled up with patrons and we watched others get their food and leave before we even received our meal. The food was mediocre and we felt over priced. Even though we had a team of 3 people taking care of our table, our dirty plates sat on the table, our water glasses were empty at times, our food took too long to arrive, and we waited nearly 20 minutes to receive a check. The good news is, there was a jazz trio singing throughout the restaurant, and they provided a distraction from the wait. We would not recommend this restaurant during a busy time.I've passed this restaurant many times walking on Canal street to all the other restaurants to try while here so I figured I'll give it a try. 
I sat at the bar because it was the first available. Maybe it was the bartender but the service wasn't too great. Felt like I was bothering them. 
Food was just ok. A bit on the salty side ams the sweet ice tea, well I had to add more sugar to mine. 
Overall, glad I came in to try but I won't be back. Great location but that's about it.Staff works together collectively and is very attentive. Could use a little more speed but it is Valentine's Day!Overpriced mediocrity. Service was decent, but quality of food for the price was ridiculous. At least the wine was good.Casual (not "upscale casual"). Crab cheesecake was amazing and the oyster loaf so tasty! Get the bananas foster :) and the cheesecake was denser than others and SO good! Staff was so friendly even on a Mardi Gras parade night.Even one star seems to much for this overpriced restaurant with yucky food. I went in for brunch on Sunday with three friends. We got seated and were introduced to one of our several servers. She took our drinks and maybe (being generous here) she didn't come back with 3 cokes until 15 minutes later. My coffee didn't make it until another 10 minutes later. We then get introduced to our second server who took our actual food order. I order the Croque Madame. On the menu it actually reads as: ham and Gruyere cheese, brioche, fried egg, mixed greens, black truffle fries. Sounds delicious, right? Well you're wrong! After another long wait for our food I get served two very thick breads stacked on each other with a fried egg on top. The bread was so hard I had to use my knife to cut through and trust me that knife was struggling. I didn't see the mixed greens so I thought "hmmm perhaps the greens are inside of the sandwich..." To my disappointment no greens inside or outside. I also realized it wasn't even brioche I was battling with but some other bread that was probably sitting on the shelf for too long. I have to say I realized the food was bad soon-too bad not one of our two servers ever came by. Not even for refills. The second server didn't come by until my other three friends had finished their meals. When I told him about my meal he then reveals that the menu had changed and no greens come with the sandwich and that the bread was not brioche but focaccia!!!! None of which he ever mentioned!!! You can't make changes to a menu and then expect patrons to guess what those changes are without letting them know. The server was unapologetic and snarky when it was pointed out to him that it was some major false advertising. He never bothered to ask what he could do to make the experience better or at least get me a new sandwich. So much for hospitality at Palace Cafe. So in conclusion, bad experience and bad food make this place a no go.!Our first dinner in New Orleans and we loved it. Great blue crab claws in creole sauce followed by catfish that was really great.We chose The Palace Café because it was storming and it was the closest to our hotel. Happy accident for sure!
This place is two-stories and is exactly what a historic New Orleans restaurant should be like...the second floor is like a balcony, open in the center with a spiral staircase. Halfway up the staircase was a three-man band, which played quiet jazz all throughout our meal, WHICH was amazing.
We got there a little before one on a Sunday and they were still serving the brunch menu. I got the Pot Pie, which was nothing at all like a traditional pot pie. This one had a base of pork "debris" (which turns out is pulled pork shoulder, not sure how it got named debris), a layer of mashed potatoes, a layer of spinach, and melted cheese on top. Stop it. It was so good, it was all I could do not to order a second. We dined with mimosas, which makes everything tastier. 
I completely recommend this place for brunch, four stars!Old fashion southern charm and attentive service was very impressive, Four different meals from steak to fish and all were equally delectable. Creme brûlée and bananas foster were the best deserts on our opinion.