Had another amazing meal!!!! Cantaloupe Caprese Salad, Pork Chop, Homemade Rigatoni, the food is on point every time!  It is by far the best restaurant in NOLA.Most flavorful and enjoyable food! The tripe was outstanding and the zucchini bread was unforgettable! Drinks were great too!This place kills it on food, drinks, and friendly service. What's not to love? I was only in New Orleans for 4 days and went there twice for brunch and twice for dinner! Unusual and delicious wines by the glass. The tuna crudo was amazing, as was the braised rabbit with sweet potato gnocchi and for brunch, house made chicken sausage with polenta and blistered cherry tomatoes. Attentive and relaxed service( even solo at the bar) and a great, open feel to the space. GO!I love this place and they definitely serve my favorite brunch in NOLA.  Great staff, great food, and great ambiance. I thought the prices were reasonable, the cocktail and wine selection good.  It's location is very accessible and whenever I am in town I find my way back.I had the pleasure of eating here for brunch on my way through NOLA, and fell in love with the quaint ambience and the open warehouse decor. I had the Korean Steak and Eggs and a nibble of everything else my friends ordered as well, and ALL of it was delicious.
I rarely finish my entire meal in one sitting, but this time I cleared the whole plate and could have had seconds as well. Honestly wish I could pick up this restaurant and bring it back home with me!Went here for my friends birthday! Food and service was amazing. I will definitely be back. The eggplant starter was awesome with the melted cheesy mozzarella is so yummy! We also had the pesto pizza which was so good as well!!Made reservations for Sunday brunch and were not disappointed. We waited about 5-10 minutes for our table, but then were able to order almost immediately. Even more amazingly, our food arrived extremely quickly after it was ordered. So quickly we felt like they had read our minds and already had the order in the queue! The lemon-ricotta pancakes were delicious, as was the crab Benedict. Both the mimosa and the bloody mary were good, but the cocktail that was the true hit of the day was the Lizard Boots.I ordered the asparagus pizza and we had the tomatoe basil pizza too. We also ordered the ravioli which I was disappointed because it was just one large ravioli. The cheese board was delicious though.Place is fabulous, every single thing on all the menus. Brunch also, absolutely fabulous. Get milk punch and then a Bloody MaryFriendly staff, and a mostly pleasant dining experience. I think the portion sizes are small relative to price ($22 braised rabbit with gnocchi and brussels sprouts was not filling, maybe 4 oz. meat at best). Flavor was good, but poorly butchered rabbit with several bone fragments--some large--served in a bowl with a spoon was a major turn-off.
Did not try the pizza, but the panna cotta was quite good. Overall though, I could have spent $42 better for dinner, a glass of wine, and dessert. 
If you're staying at an AirBnB in the neighborhood, this place should be right up your alley. If you're from around here, though, you no doubt know of better options.Love the interior, love the seating, received fantastic service. Pizza was excellent, nice crust consistency and lovely ingredients. My whole party was happy.
I got the cobia, which was cooked beautifully on the surface. Great seasoning, incredible hard sear for a nice crust. I think it was in the oven after the burner for too long because the interior was just slightly dry. It came in a lovely broth with beans and artichokes, all delicious. 
Overall, very pleased, and looking forward to returning.Great place , decor and ambiance. The food is really good the prices are fair , is a great place for a romantic dinner or anniversary. Love the arancini balls and the fish . I would recommend this place to everyone!Delicious! I damn near overdosed on traditional Cajun cuisine during my last trip to New Orleans. Not complaining, but variety is a good thing! I was really craving some pizza, so my bf and I - who doesn't eat pizza - comprised on Italian.
Lots of really unique menu items and flavor pairings. I tried the lamb pizza which included some really delicious Tzatziki sauce --I don't even like that stuff!! 
The venue is very contemporary with an industrial,chic feel. Service was also great. They were behind on my pizza order, so they graciously comped my meal AND my second glass of wine. Thanks! 
It was pretty busy on a Friday night so reservations may be smart.Perfect informal brunch. Our food was delicious, especially the Korean steak and eggs, lemon ricotta pancakes, and egg sandwich.  The space is cool, if a bit noisy, and in the growing Bywater neighborhood.
We'll be back.Delicious trendy food spot. They have a local, fresh menu that updates every few weeks depending on what is available. The space is inviting with an open kitchen and high, exposed ceilings. I thoroughly enjoyed the food and experience, but I am a little off put by the fact that this is another in a slue of new restaurants doing the same thing. Whether it be in New Orleans, New York, or San Francisco, I could point you to a handful of hip restaurants that are insanely similar. 
Anyway, good food. Trendy place. Check it out.I've been to Paladar 4 or 5 times now and consistently find it one of the most enjoyable dining experiences in NOLA. Start with the layout which - in the vein of north northwest being more north than west - is industrial-chic chic. I have a problem branching out at Paladar because I'm stuck on some of my favorites like the arancini, ravioli and roasted carrot appetizers. Papardelle (homemade) makes me happy and I finally tried the pizzas which came highly recommended and surpassed expectation (egg, bacon, frites and collard greens). And finally, the cocktail menu always tantalizes and usually delivers.We went to Paladar 511 to have a girls Christmas brunch. I am so glad that we picked this restaurant because it was delicious. Our table was very indecisive so we finally decided to split the lemon ricotta pancakes, bacon and warm banana bread while we decided on our cocktails and main meals. 
I had a beautiful brandy milk punch and a cocktail that I cannot remember the name of (but you can see it in my photos!).
My main meal was the Korean steak and eggs and man this was to die for! In fact, after I ate my food i looked at my friend and exclaimed "I could eat this again"
The steak was cooked to perfection and the eggs ran the perfect amount. When the dish came to the table it was Insta-ready (and of course went straight onto my Instagram). 
Come here with an empty belly and you will leave a happy camper.Took my wife here for a birthday dinner last night. The staff was fantastic and the food was excellent. I highly recommend the braised rabbit but you can't go wrong with any choice from their menu, we were staring at all the dishes coming out of the kitchen.I have been to this incredible restaurant 5 times. Everytime it has been stellar. I only yelp for the best of the best and the worst of the worst... this place: chart topper!! Don't let the daunting walk through 2 blocks of dicey 'off the beaten path' deter you. You will be rewarded with a palate-splosion of yum. Decadently decision food that somehow still leaves you feeling healthy and light. Just go... you will be soooo glad you did.OMG, brunch at Paladar 511. So. Good.
Let me just say I was really glad I was with two people, so that I could sample the menu pretty well. We ordered the Korean Steak and Eggs, Eggs Benedict, Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, a side of Bacon, and an order of Zucchini Bread.
I expected to like the pancakes least, and I was so wrong. You see, I consider myself #teamwaffles and don't really think I like pancakes, but these lemon ricotta pancakes were so fluffy. They were served with powdered sugar on top and blueberry compote and butter on the side. I did put butter and the compote on my pancake, but man, you don't even need em! Just go and try them yourself, you'll see what I mean.
The Kr steak and eggs was delicious. This Korean gives a stamp of approval. The eggs benedict was actually my least favorite. It was good, but the other dishes were *very* good. The zucchini bread was delicious, but I thought a bit pricey at $5 for a slice. 
I really want to go back and eat the pancakes again. Please keep those on the menu!Am amazing place to brunch! Some of the best breakfast potatoes I've ever had. The pancakes are incredible and melt in your mouth. Love be vibe. We walked in without a reservation during a busy time and they did a great job taking care of us!Absolutely amazing in every way. Service by Noah, food and atmosphere too. Love love love. New fav!!!So so so good!!! Came for brunch on a Saturday and was impressed! The menu definitely isn't your standard brunch menu. There is a Spanish influence to everything. The restaurant itself is gorgeous!  Worth it just to see inside. Was there with a large group and everyone's food looked amazing. Definitely try and homefires if you go!!I don't want this place to be too popular but seriously the best restaurant in New Orleans, they take their food seriously and with great pride. Wonderful date place or for a cozy friend get together. My favorites are the ravioli appetizer, pappardelle dish w lamb sausage and the pizza w egg but everything is knock your socks off melt in your mouth unforgettable!!!The pizza is absolutely delicious and has a lot of flavor. The dessert is also very good. The restaurant is in a good area and not too far from where I live. The atmosphere gives a very warm feeling.I have had good experiences at Paladar 511. If you're looking for a small plate Italian place, then you've found it.
Fried Arancini (6$). I love this. Mainly because I am a glutton for fried food.
House Made Raviolo (11$). You simply can not go wrong with anything truffled.
Pan-Seared Snapper (24$). Cooked well and tastes okay. It's not bad, but it's not the best dish that Paladar offers.
Crispy Chickend Roulade (20$). GET THIS. The chicken is so flavorful and juicy. Normally, I stray away from chicken dishes, but I would order this again.. again.. and again.We were disappointed in ourselves that we didn't eat here for all of our meals.  Excellent service and phenomenal food.  This is our new go to for New Orleans trips!There is a new star in town and its Paladar 511. The space is within a converted warehouse with a 2-story high ceiling, beautifully decorated with cool lighting and artwork. It features an open kitchen which can be scene by almost every table or if you were like me you can sit at the food bar and see everything prepared right in front of you. They have only been open about 6 weeks but constantly updating their menu to offer you the freshest options available. The establishment really has a great concept of "team", making sure things run smoothly. There were times I even saw various chefs run food for large orders to keep things moving and running like clockwork. The menu isn't huge but offer a nice selection of pizzas, salads, pastas and various meat and fish dishes, a well thought out selection. The vegetable risotto was outstanding. Reservations are recommended but if you don't have one walkins are available at the food bar and drink bar and its not a bad place to be to watch it all happen. Loved my experience and will be back again soon.I turned up, all windswept from a boat trip but, even though I wasn't dressed as well as the other diners, I was treated exactly the same. As I hadn't reserved, I sat at the bar which I found fascinating, watching the chefs preparing the meals. There was good camaraderie with no Gordon Ramsey swearing! I had the most delicious red snapper followed by poppyseed cake which was an absolute taste explosion, brought to me by the chef who had prepared it!  I highly recommend this restaurant, which is probably a converted warehouse, and has a relaxing and buzzing atmosphere.The best entertainment here is the open kitchen. Everyone that works here looks essential to creating, serving, hosting, bartending. It really looks like a coreographed performance. We were seated promptly and given explanations for the menu. We ordered the house salad which is similar to a cesar salad. They had just a tad too much anchovy for my taste, but it was a very fresh and delacate salad. Then we just had the pepperoni pizza and the riccota ravioli. The pizza was good, hand made from scratch. I love a good rustic style pizza with a lot of fresh tomato sauce, and this delivered. The ravioli was served with brown butter and mushrooms. The mushrooms were my favorite part. The ravioli was good. I really want to come back and try some of their other dishes. The meal left me wanting a little more for my money, but overall a delicious meal.Truly spectacular breakfast in Nola. We've always struggled for a good breakfast spot, which is why Ruby Slipper has like 10 locations.
But this is a different league! The juevos, Korean steak and eggs, and pancakes are beyond heavenly. And the tuna crudo!
Came back a second time, with three more locals, and all of us are blown away.I came here a couple of months ago with my boyfriend- the food is absolutely amazing!
We came in early for our reservation and had to wait a bit, but not horribly long.
I like the ambiance- the decor and building is pretty cool. One thing I don't like are the tables. Some of the tables are small and just way to close together. I could literally reach my arm out and touch the table next to us. Not a lot of privacy when the people next to you can hear every word.
Another thing I didn't like were the bathrooms. They have unisex bathrooms, which is fine- but they weren't as clean as I expected. Also pretty bad lighting in the stalls.
I don't remember all of the details for food and drinks- but everything we had was delicious. We each had a pizza and enjoyed them both. 
We also asked for a recommendation on appetizers and ordered the tuna...which is a must-have! It's so good that it's been months and I still think about it. Absolutely amazing dish!one of the better meals i've had in a good bit. Everything was great but these stood out:
Tri Color Salad
Raviolo
Tuna Crudo
Pork Chop
Bolognesecouldn't get better than this!  Blows Pizza D out of the water. everything was exceptional.Paladar is now serving Brunch on weekends, and boy is it delicious.
We started off with very flavorful bloody marys and then some house made zucchini bread. Delicious. It had been lightly grilled and was very nice.
Four of my companions had the Korean steak and eggs over rice which was quite tasty, but for me the star was the eggs benedict that I had. This is certainly the most standard of brunch fare, but their take on it was fantastic.
The base was a moist corn cake with the egg on top and then crab and sweet corn. The play between the rich, lemony hollandaise and the the toppings was fantastic. Perfectly cooked egg too. The whole thing was just amazing. 
All in all a nice addition to their excellent pizzas. I was extremely impressed. Definitely worth adding to your roster of brunch places.BLUF:  Crazy good everything.  Pizza, cocktails, apps.
I love this part of town.  So much character.  This place is hidden and huge and you wouldnt know it was there.  Very nice place but still felt relaxed.  Very modern and hip inside.  Great staff and service.  We got there early and it was empty and was quickly full.   
I started with a cocktail because... 'Merica.  It was great.  I forget exactly what it was but it had egg whites.
We started with the raviolo (kinda like a ravioli) with mushrooms.  It was crazy good.  Very very good.
We shared 2 entrees.  The egg pizza was amazing.  The egg was cooked perfect and ran so you had to eat parts of it with knife and fork.  It was really good.
We also go the crispy chicken entre which was also very good but less intresting than the other 2 things we got. No complaints at all though.
There was absolutely nothing bad to say about this place.  They exceeded every expectation for each thing ordered.  Great place.  (I just checked their menu and it looked different so all the more reason to keep going back)OH WOW. 
I can't believe I have been missing out on this place all this time. Date-night was fabulous xs 10 because of this New New Orleans restaurant. 
What a breath of fresh air to walk in a place that is very fast paced yet everything flowing so well.  There are several sections to choose from in the restaurant. Tip: make a reservation at least a day in advance and come on an empty tummy. 
I am pregnant and craving delish foods crazy. I had a margheritta pizza. Not so sure I spelled that correctly. Hubby had a steak. He is a a steak man and said it was really good. For desert we got the blueberry pie and peach with ice cream. Both were really good. Oh yeah, DRINKS!!! I will let you know in a few months. Everyone seemed to be enjoying the libations, so rock on!!! 
All of the staff were extremely helpful. This restaurant is a pleasant addition to the New Orleans world of food and pleasure. 
Yelpers, this should be on your 'must try' list.5 stars forever. We ordered 8 different dishes family style including the rabbit, pizza, cheese plates, ravioli, and truffle pasta. It was all delicious. Some of the best food I have had in the last decade. What a gem of a restaurant. Please do yourself a favor and try the cuisine.Delicious for dinner! We had a lot of great things but highlights were the Fried Arancini and the Braised Rabbit with sweet potato gnocchi.Open kitchen, great food. A friend recommended the lamb and it was excellent. The staff was great in the kitchen and front of house. They are probably paid enough and treated with respect.... they seem to care about the food and experience:
Recommend!Awesome experience took us right away. Beef carpaccio was to die for and the pizza had very bright sauce and was also amazing.Sunday brunch with some friends. The interior decoration is beautiful. Ordered coffee, lemon ricotta pancakes, huevos rancheros, and spicy breakfast pizza.
The food portions were not large, but the flavors were good. The pancakes came with  three pancakes and sides of maple syrup, kumquat marmalade, and butter. Huevos rancheros used pinto beans, which was a pleasant surprise. The pizza was light and thin crust, which was good for a brunch meal.
The only coffee option was drip coffee with half and half. No milk or other creamer options. The coffee is not listed on the menu and it turned out each cup was $3.50, which is very pricey for plain coffee.
I enjoyed the atmosphere and the flavors of the food. A welcome change from the typical brunch options. I would give them four stars if they put the coffee price on the menu.I had an amazing experience at Paladar. The food was incredible and the service was great. My only nit-picky comment is the restaurant was not well air conditioned and August in New Orleans isn't exactly comfortable. Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone. As a local it is my favorite restaurant.Great industrial atmosphere. Not too noisy given the exposed brick and steel dining room. Menu just changed that night for summer. Pork chop was smoky and black eyed peas with greens were spot on. Arugula and spinach pizzas were oven crisp and tasty.my new favorite restaurant in new orleans. excellent and attentive service, great wine and beer selection, and every single dish is just right. the pizzas can be a main, or you can split one in half as a starter. the margherita pizza is one of the best i've ever had. you won't go wrong with mushroom raviolo, shishito peppers, melon -- or the incredible short-rib arancini (a meal unto itself). this place is as vegetarian-friendly as any restaurant in louisiana. parking was not a problem--lots of places just down the street, and an easy two-block walk to frenchman street if you'd like to listen to music afterward.I'm totally in love with this place...everything about it! The space is gorgeous with high ceilings and an open kitchen. Stop #2 on our NOLA tour, my gf and I walked in and grabbed two seats at the bar where we could watch the kitchen staff work their magic. 
Though I wasn't planning on ordering another cocktail after the strong drink at stop #1, I couldn't resist a whiskey drink called the Overly Aggressive Old Man. Not only does it have an awesome name, but it is a combination of all my favorite things- rye, cynar, campari, carpano antica. Could not have asked for anything better.
We went with the waitresses recommendations when it was time to order and I'm so glad we did. Everything came out looking beautiful and tasting fabulous.
- Yellowfin tuna crudo- ($14) chunks of avocado and thin sliced fennel were tossed in a dressing, topped with chunks of fish, and salty pistachios. All the flavors and textures combined perfectly.
- Raviolo- a single large ravioli stuffed with ricotta and served with a mushroom sauce. The flavors were delish and they brought us a few slices of bread to sop up the tasty sauce. For $11, I wish there would have been more than one.
- Roasted carrots- these were amazing, served over a pea puree. So fresh and delish.
I desperately wanted to order another cocktail and more things off the menu, but since we had plans to make a few more stops, we called it quits. Would definitely come back to this place!I was smart enough to pick this place for my birthday dinner. We had a group of 12 people and I don't think anyone had a less than wonderful experience. The food was phenomenal- fresh, light, unique and tasty! Our server was attentive and very helpful with recommendations. From the decor, to the cocktails and the ambiance- definitely 5 stars! One of my new faves in NOLA!My fiance and I had a date night here. Every dish was fantastic. We started with a tuna conserva that was a delightful burst of flavor and texture. Lightly cooked tuna with green beans, potatoes, heirloom tomatoes--all on top of a basil aioli neither of us could get enough of. As my entree, I had a seafood cioppino. The bread was thick and grilled and buttery and perfect for sipping in a lovely tomato broth. The seafood was good, though I don't know that it was the best I've had here in New Orleans. But very good (NOLA just sets the bar absurdly high)! My fiance had the lamb sausage pizza. It's an interesting combo of flavors, accompanied by red peppers, tzasiki, and pine nuts over some sort of white-brown sauce. He loved it!
Finally, we were tempted with a blueberry pie, topped with honey lavender ice cream. I consider myself a pie connoisseur, and this was one of the best slices of pie I've ever had. The crust. Y'all. The crust. To. Die. For. 
We are moving to NC soon and this dining experience legitimately made me regret our decision somewhat. 
My only real complaint: if you don't make a reservation, they sit you at the bar and the stools are possibly the most uncomfortable I've ever sat in. Seriously. My bum is not happy with me.Best restaurant in New Orleans. The charred okra dish with the yogurt is possibly my favorite dish in New Orleans. There's something about the arancini that gives me cravings. I think it's the chewy consistency of fried parmesan. The desserts are simple and just done right. I order everything when I go there and take leftovers home. 
It's consistent. It's not overpriced. I've gotten a bottle of Champagne for around $60 before. It's my favorite kind of restaurant. It's upscale but not fancy. It's comfortable and you won't leave still hungry. I come here ready to EAT. Blah, blah, blah I love this place.This place was recommended by the bartender in our hotel and we scored an amazing find. Although it is classified as Italian, the menu has plenty of amazing options. We ordered gnocchi and the hanger steak and this food could not be beat. I highly recommend itThis was an amazing meal! Every dish was fantastic. We had tuna crudo, arrancini, raviolo, pickles peach salad and the chicken entree. I haven't ordered chicken in a restaurant in over 10 years and i did on the advice of my server. It was phenomenal! 
Highly recommend.New restaurant for us to try and so glad we did!  Homemade pasta/ great pizza.  Interesting drinks
Topped off by yummy blueberry pie and homemade ice cream.  Don't miss this gem in the Marigny!Food was good but small menu, mainly brunch items. Some were large and others really small dishes for similar prices. The gazpacho was excellent but more of an appetizer. We ended up ordering huevos rancheros afterwards because we were still hungry. 
The place became packed right after we got there on a Sunday for lunch. Make reservations!I started to get hungry while exploring the Marigny one night, so I turned on my Yelp app & found this gem.  The reviews were great, so I decided to try it.  The inside was perfectly lit & nicely decorated, but the place was packed.  Luckily, I was able to sit at the bar.  I enjoyed the musical selection (the Sugarcubes!!!) & apparently one of the people cooking did, too, because she was dancing around as she prepared the food.  That made me smile.  
I ordered the Lamb Sausage Pizza, which was fantastic.  So flavorful, & by that I mean that I could taste the flavor of each individual topping/ingredient on the pizza.  Talk about your "taste sensation."  mmmmm  The lady next to me ordered the same thing & we sat in practical silence while grubbing down on our respective entrees, sharing grins & pointing to our delicious noms.
Prices aren't bad for what you get.  This seems like a great place to go out on a date.  I'll be back to sample more from the menu.Incredible experience all around. Outstanding food, cocktails, service. We sat at the chef's counter and had a really special dinner.This was the best meal I've had in a long while! We started with a round of cocktails--all interesting, tasty and very reasonably priced. Between the three of us, we split three appetizers: the grilled gulf shrimp with pork belly, tuna crudo with avocado and pistachio, and fried arancini stuffed with short rib ragu. I personally do not like tuna and usually find arancini dry and disappointing. Both of these dishes made me eat my words. The tuna basically melted in my mouth and the arancini, well it was stuffed with short rib ragu! I don't think anything more needs to be said about that. 
For our main course, we ordered the lamb sausage pizza with pine nuts and tzatziki, the house-made pappardelle with spicy pork sausage, and the duck confit agnolotti. Despite being stuffed after the first course, we ate every last bite. Again, these were not ingredients I would normally gravitate to, but everything was perfectly cooked, balanced and delicious. It's definitely a place where you can put your faith in the chefs and trust that whatever they've put together will be delicious and satisfying. Of course we forced ourselves to order dessert, and the little ice cream sandwiches with amarena cherries were the perfect last bite. Also, the space is beautiful--a large open kitchen, high ceilings, rustic furniture, relaxed atmosphere--you really can't go wrong here. This will be my first stop next time I'm in town!This place is a good find-seems like mostly locals, which always is good.
The best thing that we had was a pizza with butternut squash and ricotta. The surprising ingredient, however unknown to our waitress, was little bits of mozzarella.  That was unfortunate, because the menu didn't say that and that's why you order a ricotta pie. 
Otherwise, it's a little bit loud but the nice atmosphere if you can put up with the noise.Wow, the brunch here is... just amazing.  Definitely eat here.  Making a reservation is probably a good plan.A bit off fmFtenchmen st...around an empty lot is a glass door leading to a night of fresh eats and fine staff. 
My girlfriend and I were initially greeted "do you have a reservation ?" I get this place is hipster but how about "Welcome to Paladar 511"
Otherwise I love the open kitchen and the napkins are my favorite.The restaurant is cozy and pretty. We ordered about 18 items on the menu and everything was so delicious!My wife and I had low expectations due to the way too hipster crowd and location. We were completely wrong, Paladar totally delivers. We decided to order a huge variety of dishes and get a real idea of what Paladar is all about. Service was knowledgable and not hovering. Wine list is well thought out with some great European gems. The very open kitchen works with precision and speed. The cold station chef is brilliant, her salads and cold dishes are perfection. The carpaccio is divine. Also don't miss the bean soup, it's a serious challenger to the versions we've had in Tuscany. Chicken liver pate was more mousse than pate and was sublime and light. Pizza could've used a little more time in the oven and more crispness but tasted fantastic. Pappardelle was loaded with big flavor and not greasy at all, a simple and great dish. Rabbit dish was the only clunker due to excessive salt. We travel to New Orleans a lot and we will be eating at Paladar a lot. Great place.Have been 3 times for dinner in the past month. Very good on all fronts.  Pizzas excellent. Apps excellent. Pastas excellent. Very hip space.Love that we can enjoy light Italian or Mediterranean dishes as well as delicious pizza with the best ingredients at Paladar.  The cocktails are great too!  Great service, gorgeous interior, and fabulous food.  Some of our favorites were the lamb sausage and couscous, italian sausage pizza, red snapper crude.This was an unexpected surprise. Due to a flash flood, we were able to get in without a reservation and what a great place. We were looking for pizza and also ordered pasta and crab. Everyone was thrilled with their entrees as well as the asparagus appetizer. I had the pizza with lamb sausage with a Greek twist and it was a hit! Great wine list. Great ambiance and even better food.The food was totally delicious!  Fresh ingredients and such a great atmosphere.  They also have a superior wine list.  The ground lamb sausage on the pizza was simply divine.  Highly recommend and will be going back.Yes, the tuna crudo is terrific - wish there were a few more pistachios in the dish but overall it is a thoughtful, balanced, delicious dish. My friend's salad was huge and looked great. Three of us shared 2 pizzas - the brussels sprout pizza and the arugula with spicy tomato sauce. Both were great and light as a feather. The tomato sauce was delicious but not spicy at all. The ambiance reminded me of Tribeca in New York - high ceilings and a cool factory-like feel. I had a great cocktail - wish I could remember the name.... bourbon, egg white...sigh, oh well, it was THAT good. And the price for three people with tax and tip: $85.We stopped here for an early dinner before heading to the early show at snug harbor. The inside is so beautiful I couldn't stop commenting on it. They have done a really good job with the space from the  tiles and open kitchen and funky wooden shelves to the nice chairs and beautiful lighting. If you are looking to impress someone you could definitely take them here. They take reservations via the Resy app. 
Unfortunately my husband is lactose intolerant so we couldn't really eat most of their appetizers, but we really appreciated that our waitress knew what was in everything to tell us if he could eat it or not. For my meal I had the house-made lamb sausage pizza and I thought it was awesome. The flavors of the lamb with the tzatziki sauce and red peppers went together so well for a perfect bite every time. In fact it was so good I ate the whole thing because I didn't want to waste any. My husband got the gulf shrimp pasta which he enjoyed, but felt it needed to be a bit saucier, as the chorizo sauce was somewhat dry. To drink I had a nice glass of rioja but didn't try any of their special cocktails. 
All in all it was very good, and I'd like to come back with friends who can eat all the cheese with me.Excellent! Excellent!! Tuna crudo, pork chop, salad, pappardelle  w sausage. Entire staff is friendly & efficient. chefs are amazing! Definitely a great place for a meal, again & again.The ambience and the food was excellent and spot on!! We first got the naked and famous drink which was amazing. For starters we got the fried aranchini which I recommend and for entrees we split the house made lamb pizza which was to die for!! We will definitely be back to try more!!Was brought here by my friend living in the French Quarter. This was an amazingly beautiful birthday dinner to celebrate her life! 
The interior was breathtaking. The open kitchen was sooooooo cool!!!!! We got to see the intensity, the love, the focus and attention that all of our food received!! Bravo and kudos to the kitchen staff! It was an honor to watch them create. 
The good was spectacular. We ordered a lot...per usual. 
I got the gazpacho! Holy wow oh wow oh wow. It was so velvety smooth. Not a traditional gazpacho. The chunky components were spooned on afterwards in four separate corners. You could try them one at a time or mix them right in. It was cool. 
I ordered the asparagus pie with no cheese (I'm mostly vegan). They put a garlic confit down as my sauce base!!!!!!!!!!!! What?!?!?! It was delicious!!!!! 
The birthday girl ordered the housemade pasta dish. I tried a non-meaty noodle. It was delicious. 
There was a farm fresh egg pizza that the table moaned over. 
The beef carpaccio came with fried oysters!!!!! I had an oyster (mostly vegan). It was so big and very well seasoned. 
We had some kind of chocolate cake for dessert with a candle. Also delicious. 
It was a magical night of magical food and company. 
This place is a MUST go-to spot!!!!!!!!Had the huevos rancheros.... the best hangover cure ever. Incredibly delicious and really cool place. Great cocktails too.I've been to Paladar a few times now, always for dinner. It's an incredibly versatile place with a great dining experience to offer no matter your party or seating. I've been with a big group where we sat in the unique loft space. I've been on a date in the main dining area. I've just grabbed a quick bite and sat at the bar. They have both a drinks bar and food bar to choose from.
The pizzas never fail. They have a diverse selection with one to satisfy everyone. The margarita pizza is a solid choice too. My very favorite dish is the ravioli small plate. It's not a lot of food, but it's so tasty! The chicken is just as mouth-watering as the steak! Both come in a unique sauce. 
The cocktail menu is complex. I generally ask the bartender lots of questions before ordering, and have never felt like I was annoying anyone. I don't drink white wine, but I've enjoyed each red that I've tried. I've always taken Paladar's staff recommendations on wine, without fail.
Reservations are unpredictable in my experience so I would say it's always better to have one unless you don't mind sitting at the bar. Sometimes I've had no problem getting a table, other times they're jammed. Sunday nights are packed!Paladar 511 is one of my new favs!  They make amazing vegan pizzas (just ask for a vegan pizza and pick out some veggies elsewhere on the menu or just let them surprise you on the toppings - like we do!)  You can taste the freshness of their ingredients.  Plus, the wait staff are super helpful and friendly, and the ambiance is great too!Amazing food, but not too many choices. I'll recommend you to sit at the bar and have a free show of all the "drama" that goes into making every dish with all the chefs.Came in early for brunch on a Sunday. The place was packed, but we were able to get a table upstairs without waiting.
Ordered the Korean steak and eggs and the farm egg pizza. Both were great, but the Korean steak and eggs was one of the best dishes I've ever tasted. I'm definitely coming back to Paladar 511 for more.Great atmosphere and the wait staff was attentive without being pushy. We got the lamb sausage & the basic mozzarella pizza, both were delicious. The desert definitely stole the show though; we got the peaches n' cream which had grilled short cake, peaches and mascarpone and peach ice cream. I would've been happy with just a bowl of the mascarpone ice cream by itself it was so good. Definitely recommend!Small menu but everything done well. Pizza s are great. Great starters. Order dessert early, fresh daily and they run out. Highly recommended.Simply delicious. Great atmosphere, friendly staff and excellent food & drinks! Can't wait to go back.Amazing food and drinks. An interesting Mix of everything I love. The pizzas are to die for.Stopped in for dinner on a Monday night while staying in the Marigny area for dinner based on recommendation from a local resident. We were very glad that we did! Service was excellent and the food was delicious. We had appetizers and entrees, but didn't have room for dessert. The restaurant is definitely a hit with locals (and lucky tourists) so plan ahead if you can, but definitely try this place!We love going to Palladar for happy hour snacks and drinks, and were pleasantly surprised to find out they had brunch. Checked it out this past weekend and it was DELICIOUS. Super excited to have a new brunch spot in the neighborhood!The food, ambiance, and architecture of Paladar 511 are excellent. A lovely wine selection, paired with great appetizers (the eggplant and buratta were delicious), and the mains we had (double cut pork chop, and the snapper [which is not on the website menu]) were stellar.
Why the four stars? The service was absolutely horrendous. Like the kind of terrible service when the table next to you is also so stressed about it that it bleeds into your experience as well. The last disappointment of the evening was the 25 minute wait to pay our check, at the end of which, out waitress never having returned, I flagged down another server and asked if we could pay through him as we'd been waiting on our waitress for 25 minutes, and he said certainly (while looking over at her with a look that said "really? again??"). Really though, absolutely awful service, and unapologetically so: our waitress was aloof and cold, consistently giving us the impression that our presence as well as that of her other tables was simply a nuisance to her. If we return we will not hesitate to request a different server if we have the misfortune of getting her again.Amazing food, poor service. Our waitress was very nice but our food took over 50 minutes to come and we didn't get too many updates to keep us informed. Everyone at our table loved their meals though. I'd rate the food a 5 and the service a 3 at best.We loved this restaurant and look forward to visiting the chef's other restaurants in San Francisco  The food felt lighter than most New Orleans restaurants, the dishes were creative and delicious, service was tops.  Try everything.Had the beet salad which was lite and good also had the spinach pizza which was great with the perfect thickness of crust. For the main course it was the pork chop. Dear god it's huge, I feel like a cave man. It was just fatty enough to melt in your mouth. Delicious!!Highly recommend! We had the carrots & brocollini appetizer...both fabulous. I ordered the cheese pizza which was delicious. Dessert was cranberry sorbet. Everything was fantastic---service was wonderful! Tomorrow is our last day in New Orleans, we're so sad we can't go back again before our flight. They don't open until 6! :(There is a new star in town and its Paladar 511. The space is within a converted warehouse with a 2-story high ceiling, beautifully decorated with cool lighting and artwork. It features an open kitchen which can be scene by almost every table or if you were like me you can sit at the food bar and see everything prepared right in front of you. They have only been open about 6 weeks but constantly updating their menu to offer you the freshest options available. The establishment really has a great concept of "team", making sure things run smoothly. There were times I even saw various chefs run food for large orders to keep things moving and running like clockwork. The menu isn't huge but offer a nice selection of pizzas, salads, pastas and various meat and fish dishes, a well thought out selection. The vegetable risotto was outstanding. Reservations are recommended but if you don't have one walkins are available at the food bar and drink bar and its not a bad place to be to watch it all happen. Loved my experience and will be back again soon.Lovely food and experience a stones throw but in another world from the buzz of Frenchmen Street, we loved our dinner here- grilled shrimp with a Cajun spice, delicious pizza with a great crust, delicious drinks. The room is a bit loud for quiet romantic conversation, but has the feel of being at the center of where it's at.Terrific off-the-beaten path brunch spot. We built up an appetite walking here from the Garden District, about an hour long stroll, and it was well worth the trip for the incredible spicy breakfast pizza. The San Marzano tomatoes are so delicious, and the farm eggs were perfectly cooked so the yolks spread beautifully when broken.
We had reservations through Opentable, but arrived right when they opened at 10am, so sat at the bar overlooking the open kitchen. The witty banter slung by the chefs makes the experience all the more enjoyable/interesting.The Saints game was about to start and we did not want to leave the house. I called Paladar 511 and asked if they were showing the game. Their response, "No TV." But I wanted to try their food! We decided to order through the Postmates app. Although it took a while to get a driver to accept the run, once one did, the food was in my belly within an hour. This restaurant is in Marigny and we're in  Lakeview. 
Side of Bacon: $4.00: 4-strips of good regular bacon 
Side of Home Fries: $4.00: perfectly prepared with caramelized onions and whole cloves of garlic 
Lemon Ricotta Pancakes: $10.00: 3-high stack delicious cakes with maple syrup, blueberry compote, and melted butter 
Korean Steak and Eggs: $16.00: Tender, perfectly seasoned short ribs, braised purple cabbage, shitake mushrooms, and rice (so delicious) 
Farm Egg Pizza: $16.00: (not as described on Postmates, but Hella Delicious!) Two sunny side up eggs on white cheese Pizza, (no sauce) with greens, and pancetta
Overall, an incredible experience! It looked and tasted like it Just Came From Their Kitchen!!!!!
Use promo code NOLAVIP for up to $50 free delivery charges.My friends and I had some fantastic food at Paladar.  We were a walk in group of four and had to wait for a table.  The host was very attentive and served us wine and was on top of everything while we waited.  Very impressive. However, we sat at the bar and the bartender was awful.  He was very rude and didn't seem very happy.  They don't separate checks here either which I find problematic.  More work for me means less tip for you, especially if you are rude.  But overall this place was a ten, just don't sit at the bar. I did not eat at Paladar on NYE.  It was a few days prior.I love this place. Each drink is perfect and now there are even two beer taps. 
The food! Fresh, clever, just right.A well thought out and detailed space that creates comfort and a feeling of well being. Open, yet warm and inviting. High ceilings, big windows, outstanding lighting fixtures and exposed brick.
A creative modern Italian menu super fresh everything prepared in an open kitchen surrounded by seats that looks like a bar. Everything walks the line between traditional Italian and layers of textures and flavors that make it more. 
Even the pizza takes the time to perfect the best crust I've had in New Orleans, red sauce that hits those notes that bring a smile, and toppings with distinct flavor profiles that blend in with perfect touch that just is about as good as it gets. I ain't kidding. 
Simply elegant and sublimely comfortable. Give this place a try.Excellent place. Nice vibe, great staff and delicious food at decent prices. 
The pizzas are delicious and they make their own Italian sausage. The last time we went there was an appetizer portion of ricotta filled tortellini with a truly stunning light sweet corn flavored sauce with fresh corn in it. Amazing.
Highly recommended.I wasn't sure what to expect when we went here for dinner with friends.  It was recommended by a local so I figured it couldn't be bad.  I had the buttered lettuce salad with fresh figs and blue cheese and it was delicious.  Entree was a pork chop with some kind of fruit chutney and succotash filled by Louisiana blueberry pie for dessert.  The food was excellent.  Presentation, flavor... Everything.
Paladar is small and it has a smaller bar.  The kitchen is open and you can watch the chefs prepare all of the foods.  They had a few local brews which I enjoyed.  The service was pretty good, no complaints there.
Cons:  location is off the beaten path and neighborhood is sketchy.  If you're from out of town just take a cab there and it's fine.  Also needs a bigger beer selection so that food can be paired more effectively.First rate food and friendly service.  No wonder they are getting attention in the press.  We started with the yellow fin crudo (outstanding) and ordered the lamb agnolotti and pan-seared snapper, both well prepared.  The cocktail list is inventive and reasonable.  Great meal right before heading over to Frenchmans Street for music.Ok, so I know 5 stars may seem a lot for any restaurant, especially one that is newly open... But before you dismiss my review, hear me out. I am a New Orleanian who has lived in the French Quarter for 25+ years. I've eaten at every place in the Quarter and the Marigny many times over... Great restaurants and dives, I've been to 'em all. Paladar 511 is THE BEST NEW RESTAURANT IN THE CITY OF NEW ORLEANS. P E R I O D!!!  The food is very reasonably priced, the atmosphere is hip, cool and adult. The drinks are expertly made. The service is attentive, knowledgable but not pushy. And the food is rather incredible. Sophisticated, complex flavor profiles without being overwrought. Sensible, diverse menu that any chef would be proud of. I've had clams, fish, beet salad, cheese board, double cut pork chops... Everything incredible. Table mates have raved about the artisanal pizza and cheese board. The wine selection is interesting and affordable. I would suggest reservations. Something tells me that this is soon going to be a very difficult place to find a table at.Apparently their are new dining rules in this city, according to our waitress!! We were not allowed to order appetizer then the meal! We must be prepared to order all once!!WTF! The food was good but the service was questionable!! Would not recommend!! I'm local!!I discovered this jewel about six months ago and I can't quit it!!! Best brunch in New Orleans (and this from a brunch-a-holic!) I've tried many good things there... the Benedict, the sausage and polenta, and the breakfast pizza... but hands down the best thing I've ever had for brunch anywhere is their Korean Short Ribs...  do yourself a favor and go with a food group who will try a few different dishes and pass them around! You'll be back and wanting one of them all to yourself!!!Great food and atmosphere. My wife and I had he pizza with cauliflower and it was amazing. This is not a place that will give you an authentic New Orleans atmosphere but is a delicious place to eat.Excellent neighborhood feel--like you're invited to a good friend's home for dinner.  The service was a bit slow but careful and attentive.  We live nearby and have eaten there several times now.  The food has been flawless (and its an open kitchen so you can even sit at the bar and watch it prepared).  Great experience, very reasonable prices.  Excellent focused menu well done.I was recently hired for a new job so my girlfriend and I decided to pick a place new to celebrate.  We heard from some friends this place was a must.  They were right.
We started with a glass of champagne recommended by the waitress, which was great.  We then ordered a bottle of reasonably priced Rose wine, again recommended by the waitress.  It was perfectly smooth and crisp.  We finished the bottle in one sitting.
For starters we had the Red Snapper Crudo and a salad.  Both were on point.  For pizza we ordered the House Made Italian Sausage.  The sausage and cheese used was delectable.  By far one of the best pizzas I've had in New Orleans.  I'm looking forward to trying the other pizzas.  For dessert we finished with Louisiana blueberry pie and ice cream.  We left very full and satisfied. 
We met some other people at a table nearby and had great conversation.
Prices are little steep, but not obnoxious.  The ambiance was relaxed and chill, void of the annoyance you may typically find in the Marigny or the Bywater. 
Easily one of my new favorite spots in New Orleans.  Will be back again!Had dinner tonight @ Paladar511 for the first time since around Mardi Gras. Last meal was really great. Tonight was even better. Rabbit gnocchi was delicious. The best starter is the roasted/charred broccoli -imho.
Paladar 511's wine list was once all Italian. It was challenging but rewarding and an excellent value. The wine list is quite different now.  There is more variety and very well priced. I'm in the wine business and had dinner tonight with suppliers I work with based in DC and NYC.  They were as impressed by the current list as I was. It's small but every bottle is obsession worthy.  I will say I'm a tiny bit disappointed that it's no longer Italian only but  I was soothed by the sweet balm of a bottle of Beaujolais I'm not mentioning Because I want it all for myself. 
Kudos Paladar. You have a kickass list!!
PS - I have no skin in the game here.  Though I work for a company that sells wine we don't sell it to Paladar.  What a treat to have dinner with friends and a fantastic bottle that I don't sell every day. 
Four stars only because our very gracious sincere server struggled to get the wine for us- have a great wine list? - gotta have someone there to serve it. Otherwise huge thumbs upI live in New Orleans, dine out several times a week, and really try to avoid going to one restaurant more than just a few times.  I have now been to Paladar 511 at least 5 times, and every single time I am blown away.  Every dish is the best.......rabbit, pork chop, pizza, tuna, beet salad, ravioli, chicken sausage, snapper, blue berry panda cotta, on and on.  It is quickly becoming, dare I say, my favorite restaurant in New Orleans.  It's a show to sit at the bar and see the chefs or the bartenders work together seamlessly.  It's reasonably priced, and not stuffy at all.We came here for brunch and it did not disappoint! The only thing that would make it better is if they had bottomless Mimosas or drink deals. The place is decorated beautifully. They have a mixture of wood and metal with big windows that allow an airiness to it. 
There were four of us and we sat in a comfy round booth that gave us a view of the room so we could see everything that was going on. Two people ordered the egg and bacon sandwich with seasoned potatoes and thoroughly enjoyed it. My hubby and I devoured the Huveros Ranchero and the Crab corn cake. Huveros Ranchero sauce was the good kind of spicy. The tortilla were crispy and the eggs were so perfect cooked that they were runny like the mighty Mississippi. The crab cake dish was a lovely creative treat. There were chunks of crab with roasted corn over a crispy cake.Fantastic food.  Innovative. Unreal flavors. Very cool urban chic interior    Great staff.  Love it. It's very much a foodie place but no pretensions. Not necessarily for the Bourbon St. party tourist, but incredible for the urbane traveler.What a wonderful "hidden" gem. Just a short walk from the Quarter and so very worth every single step. We tried this for brunch--I had the BEST eggs benedict I have ever had--and it was so delicious we made dinner reservations before we left the restaurant. Dinner was amazing as well. The pairings and flavors on every plate just delighted the tastebuds. Every bite is an adventure in delicious. If they have the tuna crudo on the menu when you go, order it--heck order two--we had it for starter and then again for dessert! We can't wait to go again on our next trip to NOLA!Absolutely delicious and fresh tasting dishes. We were just going for a few snacks and ended eating half the menu cause it was so delicious.My favorite place in New Orleans. Can't help myself from the Beef
 Carpaccio and Braised Rabbit!Absolutely fabulous.   The appetizers were phenomenal.   Our group of 4 had 5 appetizers as most of our meal.  We had the chicken liver mousse, salad, tuna, and others.  They were all great.  Also shared a 12 inch pizza which was also perfect.I have to admit I was a little drunk when I went here but from what I remember it was awesome.  I do remember the pizza was really good. I am a bit of pizza aficionado while under the influence so 5 stars for that. The alcohol beverages continued me down the path of intoxication and were quite tasty so no complaints there either. Ambiance was open and airy particularly good for the group of inebriated folks that were with me.  All kidding aside, drunk or sober, this place is worth a visit.Five star. They were really nice and served our party as the kitchen was closing. Good portions and delicious food and wine. Off the beaten path a little, great modern space. Chandeliers.Delicious food & drinks, great service and nice ambiance. No complaints, will definitely come back when in NOLA.Paladar is so cute, the location is beautiful! A friend and I came in around 6PM and were seated immediately. Everything we ordered was pretty good.
Yellowfin Tuna Crudo - probably my favorite dish. The tuna and avocado came in big chunks with pistachios and navel oranges. The vinaigrette was light and... Just order this. 
Raviolo - you can really taste the truffle in this dish. The ravioli had an egg in the middle and when broken, so much yolk porn. 
Chicken roulade - the chicken was so juicy and crispy. 
Buttermilk Panna Cotta - okay. This might have been my favorite. It was perfectly made. 
The servers are very attentive and made sure my glass was never empty, but not overbearing.This place is on the up and coming to being one of the hippest and yummiest places to visit. They're still working out the kinks in the kitchen and they'll admit it. Food was great but incredibly slow to the table. Service was decent.Absolutely delicious! I got the Korean Steak & Eggs and it was phenomenal. Would definitely order again. Also tried the lemon ricotta pancakes and the breakfast pizza, neither disappointed. Looking forward to going back!Great for brunch! I got the Crab Eggs Benedict which was delicious and had a really unique, bright lemony flavor. Although I loved my dish, my boyfriend's order, Korean Steak and Eggs, was the winner (tip: throw a little hot sauce on it and you can't go wrong). Equal to the food was the ambiance. They've got a really cool spot in the up and coming Marigny.First, you'll be struck by the gorgeous interior. I kept craning my neck to take it all in. We arrived early, but were sat before our reservation time despite how crowded the dining room was. We were seated at a small two top and quickly offered drinks. She had a glass of tempernillo. I had Montenegro sour. Both were good. A couple at the next table suggested the tuna crudo. They were correct, it was fantastic. Then, we shared the Jem salad- also very good. For our entree, we shared a pizza. The pizza was spicy, saucy and covered with melty marscapone and arugula. Oh man, it was the business. Lastly, we shared the panna cotta. It was light and delicious- the creaminess of the coconut panna cotta was amplified by the tang of lemon and blueberry. Every dish that was walked to its respective patron looked delicious. I wanted to try everything. Overall, great dinner.omg. the korean steak and eggs. i think glitter exploded in my mouth when i ate it.  The steak is super soft and melts upon hitting your tongue. The rice is perfectly cooked, and the gravy...rich, but not overly so. All the flavors mix and mingle in perfect harmony. 
The servers were very attentive and we didnt have to wait long for drinks or food! Try the poncho and lefty drink. Its the drink that keeps on giving.My boyfriend and I chose Paladar somewhat randomly after reading about it on Nola Eater's May Heatmap--BEST CHOICE EVER!!! We were greeted by a converted brick warehouse exterior and inviting industrial yet romantic interior. We started with a couple of tasty cocktails and two appetizers--the clams and the summer melon caprese salad--both of which were delicious. I would totally bathe in that wonderfully fragrant chorizo and saffron infused clam broth if I could. Next we ordered the italian sausage pizza and the lamb sausage entree. Upon first bite, my boyfriend and I were blown away by the pizza sauce. With an incredible sweetness and depth, it was seriously the best sauce either of us have ever tasted. The house made sausage balanced the sauce excellently. The lamb sausage entree, with couscous, cauliflower, and romesco and yogurt sauces, was a perfectly balanced combination of flavors. Thinking that our meal could not possibly get any better, we ordered the ricotta cake at our waitress' suggestion, and our meal was taken to a transcendent level! The cake had a crispy, caramelized crust and was impossibly moist interior. The creamy lemon ice cream and fresh strawberry sauce complimented it beautifully. With impeccable service and a friendly price point, this was definitely one of the best dining experiences we've ever had in New Orleans.Had to write a review because this place and food just gave me all sorts of euphoric feels. It's so beautiful inside and everything we ordered was amazing! Must try! Brunch and dinner menus are amazing.DAMN!
What can I say but a truly magical food experience at Paladar 511.
The food and service were absolutely top notch. Truly, everything we had was mouth-wateringly delicious. It's rare that I would go to a restaurant like this alone, but guess what? I WILL!
if you have the chance, please.... Get your butts to Paladar 511. You will not be disappointed.
I work at one of the best restaurants in New Orleans, and I asked my chefs where they would recommend, everyone of them said Paladar 511.
And, one of them is a James Beard nominee.Six of us ordered all different dishes and every single one was amazing. So fresh, innovative & delicious! Service was excellent as well.Absolutely wonderful food, service and atmosphere. Every minute of our experience here was out of this world. From the wine/cocktail menu to the dessert, our meal could not have been better. The space itself is comfortable and gorgeous and the service was out of this world. One of the best meals we've had in a long time!Had the clams to start. They took awhile but man were they good. Next we had the melon sad and tri color salad. Tri color gets a little bitter half way through. Melon was perfect. But the piece de resistance were the entrees and dessert. The lamb sausage was incredible. All sorts of Indian/Morrocan flavors. The Cobia was atop a very clever and tasty combination. 
And dessert...omg dessert. Don't leave without getting the Semifreddo. Delish!Absolutely amazing! My new favorite, hands down. Everything about this place stands out- the decor is that awesome blend of rustic and new, the drinks are well-crafted glasses of heaven and the food? Omg, the food! From start to fish everything we ordered was top-notch. It doesn't hurt that we got seated on the open second floor so we could easily watch our food being prepared, a nice touch. Insalata Tre Colori was on point, the pizza was the best I've had in New Orleans, the Pan-Seared Cobia was buttery and delicious. We ordered an array of deserts to share and each one was phenomenal. Awesome experience, no question.I have been here twice and both times I was very impressed with the food! So much  flavor, and enough options on the menu even for those that might not want to try their pizzas. 
Service is good obviously but the busier they are the less attention you get. 
Food came in within reasonable time no complaints. 
Great for groups and dates.Fun place with a very chill vibe. The food is good, but definitely better in the area if you want authentic. The pizza was good as well as the pasta.One of THE BEST meals I've had in New Orleans hands down. Everything we ate was incredibly fresh and delicious. The service was friendly and prompt, and I can't wait to go back!Brunch review:
Apparently just started serving brunch and it was delicious! The farm egg pizzas ugh SO GOOD! If you want something new non fried non southern and totally filling and warm in your belly, come here for brunch.
The space is amazing, huge windows and a very hip cool hipster vibe, music sets the mood.
I am not giving it 5 starts just because it was a bit slow. However, quality of food and friendliness of service are top notch. I think they are getting the hang of the brunch speed. Definitely coming back... NOLA needs good brunch spots like this. It would be a perfect Saturday or Sunday option.LOVE this place!!  
-Always order the papardelle.  I just think it is the best I have ever had as long as it comes out hot and doesn't sit.
-staff is ok
-takes longer to eat here.  i have yet to leave in under 2.5 hours but I do usually go with at least 5 people
-If you haven't gone- GO!  I have ordered almost everything on the menu and don't have anything bad to say- something for everyone.We had booked brunch at Paladar 511 for our grandsons Holy Communion brunch. The ceremony was over a lot earlier than told. We called Paladar and they were so accommodating and were able to move up our reservation. We were a party of 9 and they were wonderful. The food and drinks were incredible but the service and staff deserve a round of applause!
R BrunsThe food here was tremendous. Flavor through out each dish. The basil aioli on the tuna was supreme. I was taken back by the generous portions. To top it off the staff was so personable. Definitely coming back. Oh and lavender honey ice cram was the perfect finish to a outstanding meal.We found this gem in Marigny.  Very original menu for Brunch.  Two blocks from Frenchman Street.  My wife had the lemon poppy pancakes and I had the gazpacho and Tina conservator.  Everything on the menu looked great and others were Gaga over the eggs Benedict.  Nikki our server is the bomb.  We are coming back for dinner!I love this restaurant. Every time I go I relax, settle in and enjoy the effortless comfort food with my favorite twist. Italian. Love u guys and admire the hardworking chefs and waiters working right in front of me to make every meal great. Every single thing on the menu is fabulous. My die for meal is tre colore salad, mushroom raviolio, any pizza and the pappardelle!!My family went here on a Wednesday night. The place was busy which was a good sign. We got seated right away. We ordered a in house sausage pizza, a rice ball with pork (I can't remember the name) and a pizza with arugula. The pizza is about 12" with fresh toppings. The crust was thin and fluffy. The rice ball was filled with pork and was also tasty. For a pizza place this joint has a cool atmosphere. There were not alot of options for toppings, and don't think a kid would be super happy eating here, although you could get a cheese pizzaBrunch is  Absolutely Amazing!!!!! We had the Eggs Benedict and Lemon Ricotta Pancakes. So wonderfully prepared and delicious. Treat yourself to this quality brunch. You won't be disappointed. Oh yeah, we also had the home fries which were also yummy! Love love love!I have been hearing great things about Paladar 511 for a few weeks now...so I decided to pop in and give them a try. 
Time of Visit: Saturday Night (9:45pm)
First things first...atmosphere. This restaurant has a vibrant vibe. The open kitchen is absolutely great to watch. All the chefs are working hard and focused. 
The food was awesome from start to finish. Yellowfin Tuna....pizza...ravioli...peach upside down cake. Flavor and presentation really pop. Many shareable plates and definitely affordable. They have tandem servers which were all helpful and genuine when it came to menu recommendations. 
An overall great experience. I will definitely add these guys to my restaurant rotation!Omg - prob one of the best meals I've ever had. We ordered the artichoke appetizer, I had the Rabbit, and the red snapper. Ever dish is so perfect I'm so happy I didn't settle for some turista place!!! You guys are amazing!!!!!Great breakfast food!  The home fries we're outstanding.  Crisp outside, fully cooked steamy insides.  Our party of four had a good sampling of the breakfast menu, everything was great.I've only heard good things about this place and I am soooo glad I stopped in. We made reservations for Sunday brunch. I absolutely love the decor and atmosphere of this place, very cozy and modern. 
Lemon Ricotta Pancakes - thin yet fluffy, the way I like my pancakes! 
Eggs Benedict - I would say this was my least favorite. The hollandaise was a bit heavy on the lemon. 
Korean Steak & Eggs - Very tender, nice gravy. The rice was perfectly cooked. It didn't have the spice I wanted/expected from most Korean food, but that's nothing Sriracha can't fix!
Spicy Breakfast Pizza - MY FAVORITE. Well, the mascarpone just melts in your mouth and the spicy tomato sauce I just want a bottle of that. My cousin didn't like the arugula so much but I didn't mind it at all. 
Heirloom Tomato Gazpacho - this was delicious. It was very light and well balanced. 
There wasn't anything I hated here. Everything was pretty tasty! Our server was also great as well. I can't wait to come back to try the dinner menu!Sunday brunch, drool-worthy. Short ribs are incredible. I've tried everything on the brunch menu and love every single item. The breakfast pizza is the only think that needs to step up its game. It's not bad but could use a little pep in its step. The interior is gorgeous!! Eat brunch!For the first time ever, we tried a new restaurant and didn't have a single complaint. Paladar 511 was everything I wanted in a new pizza place, and is definitely my favorite pizza in New Orleans now. The restaurant space is calm and inviting, the service was great and timely, the food came out promptly. We also enjoyed peeking at the food our neighbors were eating too, the restaurant has a real community vibe with close tables and a really late community table in the center. I'm excited to see what the full bar will look like when it arrives but they had a nice selection of wines and pbr until then. On top of all that, our waitress was happy to answer our millions of questions about the space and the 511 building, and told us that we should definitely come back again because they plan on rotating the menu every few weeks. 
We started with the tuna crudo which was TO DIE FOR. The tuna was super fresh and paired perfectly with citrus, avocado, and fennel. Between the three of us, the tuna was gone in a matter of seconds. We thought about ordering a second one but decided to just hold out for pizzas... 
We got two pizzas, the perfect amount for three people to share. We did the Italian sausage pizza which was SO GOOD, sweeter but awesome pizza sauce with slightly spicier Italian sausage, and the shiitake and egg pizza which was my favorite. Trust me, I know my egg and mushroom pizzas... And this one is perhaps the best one I've ever had.... Thinking about going back again tonight for another slice of that. 
We ended the whole meal with the flourless chocolate cake, which was good but not amazing. Perhaps I really just would have preferred more tuna for desert!! Definitely going back very soon, and have already recommended it to a handful of friends.Wonderful evening.  Fantastic food, service and atmosphere.  Grilled shrimp was amazing as was the pappardelle. Our server was so attentive, helpful and cool.  It's a beautiful space and from the balcony tables, you have a great view of this vibrant restaurant.  All night the staff was interacting with guests and making sure everyone felt at home.  Don't miss this place next time you're in New Orleans!!There is something to said about a place that constancy delivers fabulous food. I am able to not only enjoy this place myself but I am able to recommend this place to friends and know that they too will enjoy. I've tried many different things at the restaurant and so far, I've loved them all. My favorite has to be the pizza with an egg(both options). I mean it's literally combining the best of both worlds, Italian and breakfast! I've been lucky to get a table each time but I've seen this place get busy. I can't wait to go back soon.I love this place. Great for a date or with a group as all things can be shared.
My wife and I use this as one of the default locations we tend to frequent in our relative neighborhood. 
The food is consistently tasty and satisfying. They literally have something for everyone. 
We like to belly up at the chef's table for 2 reasons:
1- The view and entertainment of being in the kitchen. Duh.
2- If busy, you can walk right in without a resso. Duh. 
The cocktails are interesting takes on some old classics and their beer/wine selection is well above average. 
The menu is super accommodating, always fresh and made in house.
Small plates.
Salads.
Pasta dishes.
Seafood.
Landfood. 
Sexy little pizzas.
Perfect desserts. 
I would have to say that when I eat here I usually gravitate towards the same couple of items:
Arancini - Which is huge and perfect in every sense of the words.
Raviolo - MY FAVORITE - 1 very soft and large ravioli with a soft egg yolk center topped with a mlange of exotic mushroom (thinking hen of the wood and oysters? It usually doesn't sit long enough to be examined).
All Salads - All sexy. All day.
Seafood Crudo - Perfect, fresh and exactly what I wish for in a crudo.
Pizzas - All of them are excellent. Not huge, not small. Good to share. The crust is chewy and crispy from the wood oven. 
Fresh Taglatelle Ragu - Good night.
Seared Snapper - I often order this. The skin is super crispy and it is the perfect portion.
Chicken Roulade -  Crispy, smoking hot and immensely satisfying.
Im going to end with dessert. As any meal should.
The Panna Cotta is so good it makes me feel stupid. If they happen to have it, the passion fruit panna cotta will likely cause problems at your table. Like who is going to get the last bite? 
Not you.This is such a cool place! The vibe is upscale casual, with a very creative and hip menu full of fresh ingredients put together in great ways. The gulf shrimp with saffron noodles was amazing, and you HAVE to try the brown butter cake desert, their kitchen hit that recipe perfectly! Overall such a welcoming vibe, perfect service!!Excellent FOOD!--You are greeted as if you have arrived at your families for dinner and with or without a reservation you receive great service. The open kitchen is wonderful, great vibe and every dish is treated with love.
My favorites:
   Sangria
   All Pizza's
   Tuna Crudo (and I don't like raw fish)
   Fingerling Soup
   Chicken Soup
   Roasted Root Veg Salad 
   Short Rib's w/Polenta
   Risotto w/truffle 
   Crispy Braised Pork w/cabbage
   House made Gnocchi
   Ricotta cake with candied kumquats (Amazing)Went in for brunch on Saturday and started with the Brandy Milk Punch, very tasty! We ordered the EGGS BENEDICT consisting of jumbo crab, jalapeno, cornbread, poached eggs and the best hollandaise we've ever tasted! We also ordered the  LEMON RICOTTA PANCAKES to save for dessert. The eggs benedict were plenty for 2 of us not much room left for the pancakes but they were delicious too! Very satisfying indeed!So good.  Casual atmosphere with excellent food.  Loved it and only a couple blocks from Frenchmen's St. Go here for thin crust creative Pizza and underfunded cocktailsGorgeous decor and fresh delicious flavors. Had the goat sausage pizza with roasted red peppers and tzatziki sauce - incredible! For an appetizer we went with the ragu stuffed arancini - ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! Look forward to a great night with a visually appealing show kitchen.You want to try everything - and the wait staff help you choose by knowing about what is on the menu and understanding the intricacies thereof.
The arancini is awesome the pizzas are succulent.  
Had a weird experience with bathroom as it wasn't clear if it was unisex or not - which freaked a patron out.
It is also a beautiful designed space with wonderful Windows - we were on the mezzanine with a great view.Brunch was great. Service was friendly and quick. Apple pecan bread was fabulous. Farm egg pizza and huevos rancheros was very goodPaladar is a very good place for diners. All of our appetizers, entrees and desert were fine, fresh and super tasteful. Service was very good too and the place itself is beautiful. 
We arrived towards the end of the service so they were cleaning the kitchen by the time we were eating desert. Since it is an open kitchen area, you were smelling the smokes from the grills. So that's the only bad point :(My first (and as of yet only) visit here, was a few weeks ago. I went to meet friends for brunch and, although I had heard of this place, I couldn't wrap my head around where it was. When my Uber dropped me off, I knew the street but didn't realize there was a restaurant at the end of it. It's in a brick building and very easy to miss but, once in, it's breathtaking.
Soaring ceilings, booths made of refurbished wood, a small second floor area with only 5 tables (that's where we sat), and absolutely beautiful crystal chandeliers. The contrast of old and new, and the open concept kitchen, were just stunning! 
I had braised beef ribs over grits, with some asian type slaw on top and sesame seeds, and an over easy egg. I literally moaned with ever bite. The flavors were robust and the meat so incredibly tender! I was full and still couldn't just leave all that deliciousness on the plate. There is also have a very fine craft cocktail menu. 
Service was excellent.
Food was excellent.
Drinks were excellent.
Ambiance magnificent!
Highly recommended!I'm vegan so I absolutely couldn't eat here. :( Maybe the chef should add a vegan salad or something that the cheese could be removed from. It so common in every other NOLA restaurant. Great ambiance and drinks.Upon first glance, this restaurant is reminiscent of Mariza.  Similar to Mariza, the restaurant resides on the first floor of a warehouse converted into apartments.  It's a large open space and very industrial chic.  For a more cozy, romantic experience, request one of their booths.  The menu is somewhat similar to Mariza in the sense that there are small plates ideal for sharing, fresh made pastas, and a pizza selection.
The owners here are known for their well-regarded pizzeria in San Francisco, Pizzetta 211 so we were really interested in trying the pizza.  But for our first experience we decided to try one appetizer (snapper crudo), one pizza (house made sausage), and one entree (lamb sausage with couscous).   The snapper was fantastic- the portion of fish was about 4x the size of the portion at Mariza.  It was delicious & a great value.  The pizza left a bit to be desired... I never add salt to my food & had to add salt to this pizza.  I think it was the red sauce was a bit too bitter or under seasoned.  Otherwise it was fine.  The lamb sausage was one of the more interesting and better dishes I have had out in New Orleans in a while.  I will go back to this place in the next month specifically to order this dish !  The combination of flavors from the sausage, couscous, veggies, and yogurt sauce was so good!!  I took the crust from the pieces of pizza we did not care to finish just to dip in the sauces served with the lamb sausage.  Try the "Old Cuban" cocktail as well!Cocktail menu is all kind of trendy/quirky and I had hoped for more classic drinks. Pizza is good. Service was a bit slow. Make a reservation, or you'll need to sit at bar/communal table.  It is cool to sit at the chef's bar and watch them cook, if you're into that.Came here for breakfast, and as everything in New Orleans, we were not disappointed with the food! It was so delicious! The interior decorating to this restaurant is very nice and trendy, and very clean looking.
The service was average, when we walked in, we just stood by the door a few moments, waiting for someone to attend to us, they were not busy at ALL, and not until we just starting walking up is when someone acknowledged us. The server who took our order was also ok.
 I ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes, and my friend ordered the Korean steak and eggs.
The pancakes were so soft, and I feel would melt in my mouth after a few bites, amazing! The Korean steak and eggs was also very tasteful, my only complain with this dish was the rice was a little hard, but everything else on the plate was great so we still ate it (lol).Great atmosphere, great food. I tried the Korean steak and eggs and will probably be craving it for months to come. Perfect spot for Sunday brunch!Oh, man.  As stated before, I love New Orleans and visit 4 times a year or so.  I have my favorite restaurants, and local haunts,  but rarely does a restaurant make me go a second night instead of visiting one of my old stand bys.  Paladar 511 is one such restaurant.  The place is bright and fun with high ceilings and an open kitchen.  The staff are laid back and casual.  The beverages, though I typically stick with my dry Hendrick's straight up martini.....had to try couple of the cocktails.  The Frankly my dear was wonderful with both the muddled blueberries and Lambrusco coming out and standing their own in the drink.  If you read anything aout this place, yes the Farmhouse pizza with the collard greens is as good as everyone is saying.  Collard greens on pizza?  Yes.  Don't question, just eat.  The tuna conserva salad was sublime.  I sopped every bit up with the bread from a nice cheese plate.  Meeting friends here the second night, the anchovy salad was light and vibrant.....really enjoyed the citrus flavors.   
The double pork chops are huge....but once you start, it is hard to stop shoveling it into your face.  Oh, and the desserts?  Mamma mia!  What a blueberry pie!  Ricotta cake and lemon ice cream!  The sundae cake is like addiction starting for chocoholics.  The toasted hazelnuts take it to a new level.  Go.  Soon.  This place is simply wonderful.Recommended by a local (after we mentioned we had reservations at a higher-rated spot in the neighborhood.) So glad we changed plans and ended up at Paladar 511. An urban, warehouse feel with a welcoming vibe; you get the sense this is where locals come for a special meal. Food was excellent -- recommend treating starters and entrees as small plates and share as many tastes with your table as possible. Moroccan carrots stole the show and buttermilk panna cotta sealed the deal (only disappointment was housemade pappardelle -- way too heavy and gigantic portion. Wish this was offered as a smaller, starter-size). Walk off your meal on Frenchman Street for live music just a few short blocks away. Best night in NOLA!Awesome place to have a great causal dinner! The chicken and Pork chops are so tender and delicious!! Must come when your visits New Orleans !Food was outstanding, enjoyed literally every bite and more creative/sophisticated/complex/enjoyable than many places I've been in NYC where I live. But the service was really, really lacking. Our large party was pretty much ignored, zero narrative on the menu or options, it took a long time to get seated, and in general it felt like they were severely understaffed.
Would certainly recommend it to someone visiting the area, but maybe warn against parties over four.Wow!  Great Italian wine, unbelievable appetizers and pizza really, really worth writing about!!  Come on, don't go to stupid@ss Bourbon Street. Come here for some real kick @ss food!  And did I mention how very friendly the staff is!!We went here for brunch and loved it so much that we are going back for our rehearsal dinner in their new private loft space.   The food is a modern take on american and classic Italian dishes and the atmosphere feels more like it belong in New York more than New Orleans.   We got the breakfast pizza and i would totally recommend it to anyone.So I've been dying to go here. Waiting patiently for friends or someone to join me on this delicious adventure. I made the tiny mistake of walking in without a reservation on the Saturday before Valentine's Day. There was a wait BUT the host was firing on all cylinders and she was accommodating my party with drinks from the bar and a wonderful personality.
We got seated at the bar which was annoying for all of .02 seconds then we got immersed in watching the chefs preparing food. I'm a chef by trade and I don't know if I would want people watching me work but I really enjoyed the staff working and having a genuinely good time. 
The food itself? Epic. Ordered the Lamb pizza and it has a tziki sauce and every layer of the meal was just extremely flavorful. The sauce was sweet and the dough was soft and airy. 
This might be a new favorite. Need to check out brunch.Solid 4, could even by a 5, but we don't just give them stars away. Great wine list, cool ambiance, and great Italiano Latino vibe.We had ravioli, pizza (lamb sausages), and pappardelle with homemade sausages. All of the plates we tried are amazing. I normally don't eat pizza m, but their pizza is really REALLY good! 
Pappardelle is great. The pasta is well cooked, not too soft and not too hard - just right. Moreover the sauce and the sausages tasted great.
The atmosphere is casual and chic. The price is very reasonable with their high quality and tasty foods!
This place is a must!Came here Wednesday evening and the atmosphere is like a modern rustic. The host greeted us very kindly and the waitress was attentive. The appetizers we ordered was the Tuna Crudo and Beef Carpaccio which was topped with fried oysters. The portion size was a nice tease and starter between three people and left me wanting more because it was that tasty! 
For the entrees, we ordered the Braised Chicken, the Grilled Pork chop, and the Tomato Basil pizza. My friend Anthony had the Tomato Basil pizza but I think he was still hungry because he kept staring at my pork chop. My pork chop was super juicy and it was over a bed of a variety of beans in like a light barbecue flavored sauce and some greens. I liked the balance of protein, carbs, and veggies. My other friend with the braised chicken with gnocchi and mushrooms had a nice savory, soulful flavor as well. Split amongst 3 was about ~35. Not too bad. 
Overall, great place to bring a date or guest from out of town!Food is very good! However, not good good enough to atone for the sub par waitstaff (very spacey-- our waiter seemed high. Told us how he would "course" the meal, but then the dishes came out of order-- why take the time to tell us that if it won't happen?? Left me and my partner eating our mains alone while the other didn't have food yet. Also, took 30 mins to get a new drink). Beyond the waitstaff was the absurdly rude host who basically told us we'd ruined their night and damaged their "small business" by not showing up w our full reservation. My cousin went into a very premature labor an hour before!! We told him we'd just found out our whole party couldn't come and he didn't seem to care-- continued to be rude and condescending. I don't know any small business that hopes to succeed long term on bad customer service-- wishing the best of luck to this place though!I picked this restaurant for my birthday dinner, and it was the perfect choice! The vibe is very sexy yet casual - which I love. 
We immediately ordered drinks: Deal with the Devil, something similar to a French 75, and a juicy, delicious glass of red that our server suggested. All killer.
For starters we ordered:
 Yellowfin Tuna Crudo - a MUST ORDER dish. Succulent chunks of fresh fish with the tang of fresh citrus and the crunch of pistachio!
Grilled Broccolini - a great vegetable, but you could skip this
The rest:
Pizza Margherita - small, crispy plate of wonder. We added pepperoni (for the man in our party that insisted). 
House-Made Pappardelle - WHOA. Who doesn't love fresh-made pasta?
Braised Rabbit - WHOA. To be honest, we only ordered this because our server recommended it, but it turned out to be the favorite dish of our dinner. The gnocchi are perfect pillows, and the dish is garnished with individual fried leaves of brussels sprouts. 
We split the Dark Chocolate Cake for dessert, and it was delicious. At this point I was totally drunk with happiness (and birthday gin) from achieving the best birthday dinner imaginable.Great industrial atmosphere. Not too noisy given the exposed brick and steel dining room. Menu just changed that night for summer. Pork chop was smoky and black eyed peas with greens were spot on. Arugula and spinach pizzas were oven crisp and tasty.This continues to wow me and my guests after having been open for a while, especially in NOLA's standards. The food continues to be fresh, innovative and dependable .  The wait staff is informative, attentive and the ambience is exceptional.  New Orleans' cuisine moved up an even higher notch by embracing and recognizing such a fine restaurant.Amazing pizzas and craft drinks for very reasonable prices. You can have a $9 watery margarita or hurricane in the quarter or you can have an extraordinary Montenegro Sour here. The egg pizza is the best I've had since RioWe walked in on a Friday night and they were able to get use seated at the bar right away! Worked out perfect for us because we could watch the kitchen in action. The food is delicious; we ordered the margherita pizza and instead of mozzarella they used mascarpone cheese. The cheese just melted in your mouth and the flavor was awesome. Definitely would recommend making a reservation, we just happened to get lucky. It's also a half mile from Frenchman street, so good music is close by too.Loved it!! The atmosphere is great, well spaced, and the food was SO good. I got the pork chop w pickled mustard seeds, bourbon and Mexican Coke, cheese board and tuna crudo. The chef was so accommodating, he cooked exactly what we wanted and made it an exceptional experience. 5/5 WOULD recommend.I loved the decor and ambiance of this place. It's definitely more modern and chic. I made a reservation here for 4 people and we were seated right away.
Our server provided impeccable service from beginning to end and the highlight dish of our entire trip was one of the dishes here.
We ordered the:
House-Made Pappardelle
Pan-Seared Snapper
Braised Rabbit
I cannot rave enough how delicious the braised rabbit dish was. The meat was so tender and was shredded into the sweet potato gnocchi dish. I never had gnocchi made out of sweet potato and it was so delicious. It was not overly starchy like potato gnocchi but it was easy to chew and light. The flavors of this dish was magnificent and I still can't get over it. 
That dish was actually my mother-in-laws and I am so thankful that she was so generous to share it with me. I don't know if I could have done the same if I ordered that dish. I ordered the pan-seared snapper and I enjoyed it very much. The skin of the fish was crisp and the fish itself was cooked perfectly. I loved all the additions in the dish and it really brought together the entire dish. 
I tried a bit of the pappardelle and it was good. The pappardelle was cooked perfectly. It was al dente, a bit firm and not too soggy or overcooked. 
We were so happy with our dishes that we had to try their dessert. We got the panna cotta and chocolate cake and both did not disappoint.My wife and I stopped by for an early dinner before heading to Frenchmen Street to listen to some jazz.
The open concept of the space is unique but it can get a little loud.  Everything we ate was excellent.  The ravioli appetizer left us wanting more.  My wife enjoyed the snapper and I had the braised rabbit with sweet potato gnocchi.   
We will return.Stopped in to get a snack, delicious food (amazing salad with peaches, candied pecans and blue cheese) and cool atmosphere. But the best part about this place is the staff--they all take turns doing every job! So a chef one night might be your waiter another night. They all split the tips!The entire experience was outstanding! Drinks were great and creative! The appetizers were amazing and again creative but not trendy-they actually tasted really good. We all loved the grilled okra especially, a perfect blend of tastes!  The lamb pizza was a perfect texture and taste combo, and the yellowfin tuna with pistachios was a perfect blend of acid, crunch and allowed the tuna to shine!  A very nice wine list and wonderful desserts (anything with the lavender ice cream!), to be topped only by excellent service!Love this place. Excellent food and service. Relaxed, neighborhood vibe. The breakfast pizza is heaven. Love the eggs Benedict with crab. Chicken sausage was our least favorite. I prefer smaller breakfast link sausages and thicker polenta. Yummy walnut bread. Perfect Bloody Mary's. Reasonable prices. Just amazing.Excellent brunch place outside of the crazy touristic crowd. Fresh and inventive menu. Very good service. Good value for money !This place is incredible! Visited here on a cold January evening for a meeting with two others for casual wine, cheese board and sharing pizza!
Atmosphere is incredible, decor is exceptional, and wait staff are irresistible!Food was the best we had in all or New Orleans. A hidden gem you must visit. Highest quality at reasonable prices. You won't be disappointedThis place is the best. Great pizza, obviously, but the specials are winners every time too. The owner jack is as friendly as it gets and the service is excellent!What a rad location for new pizza place Palandar 511.  Right outside the triangle on Marigny Street in a open, airy box of a building.  Included is a pic of the indoors to show the vibe.  We had and eight top so we tried a few different pizzas and appetizers.  The pizza toppings were a little bland - even the egg topping, which we were looking forward too.  The crusts were good, the cheese plate was good and the mussels were good.  Our server was very nice and the cocktails were fresh and light.  Nice place to gather with a group of friends.They accepted my reservations for 18 people for a welcome dinner for my destination wedding. The food, especially the appetizers, were wonderful. Delicate flavors. The crudo tuna, the fried arancini, the cheese board and the ravioli were all delicious. All the fish dishes we tried were top notch and my friends enjoyed the pizza. The ambiance is romantic and even when the restaurant is packed, you can easily hear and converse with folks at your table. In a city with a ton of great dining options, I wouldn't hesitate to return on my short vacation.Very slow service.  In spite of being almost empty for brunch, I had to request refills on coffee, every time.  Also, I would suggest adding, "smothered in corn" to the eggs benedict menu description.  I am not a fan of corn and was most disappointed to find my entree buried under a mountain of it.  Who ruins a perfectly good hollandaise sauce with corn?  Only bad meal in New Orleans.Well, it doesn't get any better than this.  Atmosphere, food quality and service abound.  The arancini, parmesan salad, and shrimp appetizer are my favorites . The Quatro formaggio and lamb sausage pizza are hands down the best pizza in town....they make their own sausage. Don't forget to try their blueberry pie with lemon ice cream...to die for!!!It was fine, really pretty, food was good, not the best ever over the moon, just good, lovely atmosphere.We had so much fun! We came for Easter brunch! Needless to say I was so full when I left!Took some out of town friends here for dinner on Saturday night, and it was absolutely amazing. The drinks, the appetizers, the entres, the desserts, the ambiance... all phenomenal. Most of us got some variety of the fresh pastas that they have on their menu, and each was delicious. I will definitely come back.The Huevos Rancheros was amazing!!! Fresh ingredients and very tasty. Highly recommend the lemon & blueberry pancakes, subtle hint of lemon with an airy, fluffy texture. So good!!! Spicy bloody was on point... nice kick. Decor is urban and modern. This place is a GEM.Will never go to New Orleans again without visiting this place. Have been for brunch twice now and both times have been amazing. Great space, friendly waitstaff and good food and drinks. If you go for breakfast or brunch do not miss out on the home fries they are as good as it gets!Notice: I'm upset that this place has chosen to not respect it's patrons and split the checks according to how the customer would like to pay (like almost every restaurant and bar in America can and does do today). The food was very good, the drinks were unique and worth trying, but the fact that the 8 of us can get our check split at The Ruby Slippery based on person and how we'd like to pay and this place says they can't do it is bs and unacceptable IMO. I didn't order what I wanted because I didn't want my friends to pay for part of my order. The manager was very nice and listened to my complaint about how they split the check, he even gave us the check to manually split on our own, which we did. I'm glad my friends didn't have to pay for my husband's food and drinks and I'm glad we all could pay for our own orders. I don't know why they make it so hard on their customers.I'm an Atlanta native, but every time I visit NOLA I make it my mission to stop at Paladar 511. It's one of my favorite restaurants, hands down. First of all, it is a great hole-in-the-wall brunch location. It's located just east of the Quarter, in Marigny. I love this because while the Quarter is nice, it is often flooded with tourists. The restaurant itself is just beautiful. It's unassuming brick exterior opens up to high ceilings and artsy chandeliers. The tables are wooden, and the kitchen is open. I love the unisex bathrooms. The vibe is low key, but classy.
Now, the food -- oh baby, is it good. I've tried nearly every menu item, and every single one is damn good. The tuna crudo? I could eat that every day, it's so light and fresh. The gazpacho is cooling and flavorful. The Korean short ribs are fork tender, and the ricotta pancakes are also killer. The blueberry compote is perfect! I like that everything has a creative spin to it as well. The breakfast pizza has braised collards on it, and the eggs benedict is lemony and spicy. 
The cocktails are also wildly creative, and are each super refreshing and tasty. Come with friends, booze a little, and order one of everything.Located near the edge of Faubourg Marigny and not far from the river in a large warehouse space this restaurant has some nice ambiance and charm.
A group of us were seated in a booth off to the side and back and it was quite comfortable.
Many in the group had the pappardelle and the portions are quite large, and everyone seemed satisfied.  I actually had the rabbit entree and it was quite well made, tender and the 'fixins' with it were delicious; served in a bowl.
Pizza is a prime item on the menu but we didn't try any.  Looked mighty good from portions sailing by to other tables.
Service was good and competent and overall the experience was pleasant, satisfying and enjoyable.I don't understand how food this good exist!!!! Amazing. We started out with the yellowfin tuna and gulf shrimp. The tuna has the perfect combo of citrus and sweet. The pistachios give it a nice crunch and the avocados, well, who can go wrong with avocado. The gulf shrimp were my loves favorite. There was a little spice to it. We both shared the cauliflower pizza. We're not quite sure what we did in life to deserve a dish that good. Our server Ashley was very helpful and sweet. She was always there when we needed something.I arranged a large group (9) dinner here for my girlfriends and we had a wonderful experience. The service was excellent given our large table and we were, frankly, a pretty demanding group. The restaurant itself is small and intimate feeling and the food and cocktails were delicious. The really kind staff even gave us some great recommendations for others bars nearby where we could get rowdy. 
Highly recommend for small romantic dinner or large group gathering.