We went back to Parasol's the day we left NOLA and it got even better. This time I had the firecracker shrimp po boy - with a little hot sauce added - and the onion rings. It was marvelous. I might have made me a prime candidate for a coronary, but it was fantastic - yummy, spicy, well-stuffed sandwich. And the rings were not greasy, delish batter (but also not overbearing batter), plus chipotle mayo for dipping, were all outrageously good.Bang Bang Shrimp Po-Boy Boy and Pot Roast Po Boys were excellent. The bar tender was friendly and the beers were cold. It was worth the 30 minute street car ride there. It will be on my list to visit again next time we're in NOLA.This place has scary women manning the front. The po boy was good though. Don't piss them off, they aren't friendly women. Oh and the firecracker shrimp po boy was pretty goodGet the gravy fries they are SO good a great hole in the wall for the adventurous it has definitely set higher standards for po boys  if you walk into a bar first the restaurant is upstairsThis place has been on the tv show, Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.I have been here twice. Once in June 2014 and then again in January 2015.  Not much for ambience, more like dive, but the food is really good. Wait....I retract that, the food was great! First visit was red beans and rice with the soft shell crab po' boy. WOW! The po' boy was killer! Rice and red beans, outstanding. 
Second visit. I had the roast beef po' boy. I was good, but being from Chicago I have a pretty high expectation of a beef sandwich whether it be an Italian or roast beef. My daughter had the fire cracker shrimp po' boy. Now this had WOW factor. If you get the chance, stop in and bring your hungry .Parasol's is one of the great New Orleans places that seems like it is frozen it time.  A lot of people know it for its St. Patrick's Day party where the green beer is flowing and the crowds are huge.
I like going there to grab a roast beef po-boy and some fried pickles.  I hadn't been there in a while but it was still great although they were out of fried pickles so I had to settle for cheese fries.  It is a little off the beaten path but worth seeking out.  If you go for the fries, I suggest a side of gravy for dipping.  Some people like the gravy on top but then the fries start floating.Im still thinkin about that firecracker shrimp po boy like a year later! Bartenders were great too!!Delicious!  THE PHONE NUMBER ON THIS PAGE IS WRONG!!!!  The actual number to Parasol's is (504) 302-1549. 
Get the Firecracker Shrimp Po Boy!The Richest Boy. 
Best po boy in New Orleans. Hands down. Going to keep this one simple so as to keep with the theme of Parasol's. 
Crusty, flaky baguette. Mounds of fried shrimp overflowing. Dressed simply, but scrumptiously. 
The food speaks so well for itself, they actually hide the restaurant in a secret room of a bar, and people still manage to flock their way inside.
Congrats Parasol's. I had eaten at all the top Po' Boy contender restaurants in the city, and yours was by far the richest. 
- YelpOHeaded here to get some local flavor after hearing about this place on DDD. The episode that it was in was funny because Guy didn't seem to really like how Jeffrey did things but we wanted try it out :)
We were greeted by Jeff himself and we were able to chat it up with him the whole time we ate here. He is a really nice guy and as all of the locals stopped in, you could tell they all loved him and his place. He has owned it for 11 years (he bought it from the original family who owned it). Jeff was even nice enough to give us some suggestions for the best live Jazz to go listen to on a weekday!
We had to try the infamous Roast Beef Po-Boy. It was really different. It was more like a Sloppy Joe style instead of sliced meat you would think of, it had good flavor though. 
I asked about the Boudin Balls and he was nice enough to bring some out to us to taste. They were my favorite thing there!! They were so different and really tasty. 
This is a true Dive bar with a jukebox, a few casino electronic games and plastered walls with posters and stickers. Walls covered in sports pick grids too so this would be a great sports bar if you wanted one.
I know we would go back here when we are back in NOLA, thanks Jeff!the best roast beef po boy you will ever wraps your hungry lips around!  the rest of the menu (for a bar) isnt bad either and the staff there is really cool and make you feel like a regularI can't type, I'm in ecstasy.  Fried oyster PoBoy.  Quick service in a busy place with amazing flavor?  I.will.be.back!Dive bars the wide world wide, eat your freakin' hearts out; this is the high dive.  Here's the best place in The Big Sleazy to stay a few hours and get obliterated.  Any hour of the the day, there is diverse (and sometimes downright freaky) clientelle.  Sometimes the tenders are grumpy/sometimes jolly, but they are always pouring generous helping of the spirits.  Say hi to Frankie and Kim for me. Frankie's the evening bartender.  Kim's a regular (well, so am I for that matter, so say hi to me).  Boys and girls, here's the lowdown: It's as local as it gets, just a great neighborhood joint with swell company, a choice jukebox, and quite tasty bar food.  Uber-highly recommended!I just love the divey atmosphere of this restaurant that is attached to the bar. I walked into the restaurant by going through the bar, but there is an entrance from the side street as well. I didn't notice that until I was already in there and seated.
So you basically just walk in and order at the counter and seat yourself wherever you'd like. I love the old timey checkered tablecloths and that the condiments are housed in an empty six pack Bud Light carton. Speaking of condiments, they had four (four!!!) bottles of different hot sauce on every table. How awesome is that! I love hot sauce and I love having a choice as to which I want to use on any given day. I have also learned from a good friend that mixing Tabasco and Crystal together is the bomb. I was so impressed by the four different sauces that I actually actually took a picture of them. Heehee.
I ordered the firecracker shrimp Po boy. It was described as fried shrimp tossed in a special spicy sauce of theirs and then put on and dressed like a traditional fried shrimp poboy. That sounded pretty interesting and delicious so I went ahead with that one. I wasn't really impressed with the poboy. In my opinion the sauce didn't really add anything to the fried shrimp. Fried shrimp are really good by themselves and even though the concept sounded good it just fell short. I will most likely come here again, but I'd try the roast beef when I do.
If you're looking for a new poboy place to try, then head to Parasol's.Wow.  What a hidden gem.  This place is in a residential neighborhood and the building is very unassuming. Just a neighborhood bar and a cafe in the back area,  but the food is amazing.  Better than some of the finer restaurants in NOLA.  The firecracker po boy was on point,  the red beans and rice was delicious,  and the fried onion rings were tasty.  My husband had the catfish basket and he kept saying that he eat that again and again! I miss this place/food already.  Loved how friendly and hospitable everyone was there.It breaks my heart to leave this review. I've been going to this place for my entire adult life and every time it's just a little more of a let down. I feel like the first time I went to Parasol's was life changing. The last time I was in NOLA it was a let down. This time the bread was stale and the shrimp over cooked. Sadly, I will have to let Parasol's go. RIP! (All that said - the people there are wonderful. LOVE!)Awful. When you walk in your mind will scream LEAVE. Please go with your gut and get far away from this place. Dark. Dingy. Musty. Dirty. The ceiling is literally sagging from roof water leakage and the place smells of mold. Trusting reviews I stayed and ordered a large shrimp poboy and my partner ordered a late firecracker poboy with cheese and gravy fries to split. Poboys were average. The firecracker is basically shrimp tossed in buffalo sauce. The de bris gravy was so salty we threw it in the trash. I would give this place 0 stars. But what earned a 1 star was the tea. Best tea I've had from a "restaurant". Stay. Away.Uptowners love this place, and the food is right on.  Good prices and friendly service, this is the epitome of a neighborhood hotspot.  Sometimes they host block parties that are totally worth checking out if you catch one.The place look so dodgy and dirty when we walked in. We just thought about the reviews and wanted to give it shot. Best gumbo we ever tasted. Tried the pulled pork and shrimp sandwiches! Wow! Everything was so tasty! So if ure not the prim proper diner and are a real foodie, give this place a shot!A hidden gem for sure. If you're coming just to eat, make sure to use the door that says 'restaurant entrance' or else you might walk into the bar downstairs. 
kind of small shabby interior, but don't let it fool you. the poboys are so good. catfish poboy was soft and flavorful, and the firecracker shrimp poboy is what you should get if you already love the regular shrimp poboys (fried and tossed in a spicy mayo hot sauce). My favorite part about the sandwich was the bread it came with ( you can choose whichever bread you want, but if you don't specify they'll automatically put it on that one). If you and a friend want the same poboy, i recommend splitting a large. they're massive and a half is sure to fill you up, and the value is great. 
a perfect last meal for us as we ended our NOLA visit!We went to Parasols on Memorial Day weekend to try the roast beef po- boy. When we got there, the rest . had 2 tables waiting for food. We placed an order and was told it would be 40 minutes before we cold get our lunch. We ended up waiting so long that we had our money refunded and went to the Adams Street grocery for lunch. The kitchen at Parasol's was highly unorganized. The cook had no clue what he was doing. This is New Orleans. You should not have to wait almost an hour for a po-boy sandwich.The menu was full of local favorites, so they need to step the game. I was really disapointed.Great little dive with everything you need and nothing you don't: there's a jukebox and friendly bartenders. Wide variety of bottles and cans, including local brews, and a handful of taps. When we stopped in mid-afternoon the day after Mardi Gras, it was cash-only. There isn't a ton of seating in the bar, so think twice before coming with a big group. 
We didn't have time or the stomach space to eat, but wish we'd saved room!Can't knock this place, they definitely know how to make a po boy. Came here with a friend for lunch and was a little skeptical once we walked in. Kind of grungy and depressing on the inside but the kitchen smelled delightful so I went ahead and decided to order a roast beef po boy. It was pretty stinking good. Mounds and mounds of roast beef covered in dripping gravy on top of fresh French bread made this thing delectable.When I came to my senses and moved back to New Orleans after spending six years in frigid Chicago, I remember driving with my father through his old neighborhood, (me) looking for a place to stay and (he) reminiscing reminiscing about bygone days and good times past.  We drove down Constance, passed Third, and he pointed and said, "... that's where we used to go drinking when we were teenagers...."  Well, I was sold.  I moved into a place nearby and ate roast beef and oyster po-boys at Parasol's as often as reasonably possible.  I described to visiting friends the service at the kitchen window as "a surly, short-tempered, state of perpetual hangover," but the food overshadowed any flaws, any rust on the hinges, any grime on the floor, any crumbs on the table.  
Last year, like many others I'm sure, I faithfully followed the transplanted misfit kitchen crew (and their roast beef) down the block to Tracey's.  But each visit was oddly and almost imperceptibly unsettling -- each meal bittersweet because I had to purposefully delude myself into thinking that the food was as good as before the move.  (Is a po-boy, like wine, that dependent on set and setting?)  But whether it be our Saints or our po-boy shops, loyalty matters, right?  Forgive me -- hour wait? menu items crossed off? higher prices? lower quality? -- but my hunger got the best of me and I walked the block to give the new Parasol's a try.
And a great decision that was.  Bloody mary topped with a splash of Guinness, bag of Zapps, some good-natured banter at the bar, and some fantastically tender roast beef (even if the bread was a little over-toasted).  It's like reconnecting with an old friend - you've both changed but you're both better for it.  I'm coming back soon.  Maybe my dad will come along, too.  Thanks, Parasol's.Good whiskey selection. Good prices. Good folks. Food is all-right, but goddamn, you can't have everything all the time. Or as my pappy said, "Take what you get and run like the wind." That is the secret to life, my friend.Another amazing hole in the wall!  Roast beef poboy is legendary.  A true gem in the Irish quarter.The St. Charles streetcar was not working due to construction, and we did not think of taking a bus, so we ended up WALKING about 40-45 minutes from our hotel on Canal to this restaurant in the Garden District. But it was worth it. During our trip we ate at Commanders, Acme, Royal House, and Domenica, and the meal at Parasols was the best we had.
I got the roast beef and it was BY FAR THE BEST PO' BOY I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. There are no words to describe how good it was. Messy, gooey, sloppy, but incredibly good. When I ordered the waitress said "this will be one of the best sandwiches you have had." She was wrong. It was THE best. My mouth waters just thinking about it. 
The wife got the smoked pulled pork po' boy and it was THE best pulled pork and best po' boy of her life. We like Parkway, but this place is better. 
The one criticism is that service is quite slow. But ultimately worth the wait. 
On the return trip back to the hotel we finally got smart enough to take a bus. 
This is now #1 place to return on each and every trip to New Orleans.LOVED IT! It was a tiny little local dive bar. There were a few other tourists that had wandered in, but it didn't take away from the friendly local flavor.
Billy was super awesome! My husband had his first Irish Car Bomb which he said was the bomb. I ventured into the land of moonshine. YES I said MOONSHINE!
The kitchen was out of red beans AND gumbo. But I enjoyed my fried shrimp basket and my husband loved his pulled pork po'boy.
Our time at Parasol's is one of our favorite times of the trip.
It might just be 'cause you can't get a cheap drink in L.A., but the prices were awesome too!What a funky little place. We came here for lunch on our last day in New Orleans and I am glad that we were able to see a different neighborhood (we stayed off Magazine - about 1 mile away and close enough to walk but it was hotter than hades and we were hungover). The Irish Channel is super cute and definitely worth a look, and save your appetite for a humongous poboy at Parasol's!
I will mention that it's not the most 5 star dining. You might want to take it to go if you are big on ambiance. The sandwiches are HUGE. My boyfriend and I split the large roast beef poboy and an order of fries (asked for a small but they accidentally dropped a large - so they gave us lots!) and it was too much for both of us to finish. They really do not skimp here.
The roast beef is good, tender and juicy, and covered, like smothered, in gravy which soaks into that delicious poboy bread they only seem to carry in the south. Combine that with the mayo and iceberg lettuce and I was in heaven. The boyfriend not so much - he doesn't like getting messy when he eats. Plus was annoyed that the roast beef was SO BIG it wouldn't stay inside his bread. Princess.
If you want an authentic New Orleans experience and some delicious food, come on down to Parasol's and stay to check out the 'hood.Visited New Orleans and just before we left we saw Parasol's on Diners Drive in's and Dives so we decided to visit while we were in town and we were not disappointed! Although this is a small neighborhood bar restaurant it was high quality food and high quality atmosphere. We got the roast beef PoBoy sandwich and a fire cracker shrimp PoBoy sandwich along with a side of fries with gravy. Each entree had great flavor and was fresh and a great value. The roast beef was tender and juicy and the shrimp was crisp and flavorful. The French fries were crispy and with the gravy added to it took them over the top. Jenny was a great bartender and the owner Carl was there and made us feel like we were at home with a warm and welcome visit.  I would definitely recommend this to place to any one who wants good food and a welcome atmosphere.First time trying a po boy so I do not have a comparison. It was good. The roast beef needed a little salt. It would be nice to have a some hot sauce to enjoy it with besides Tabasco. Bartender was rude.Large portions and very affordable. I had a little bit of everything. Po boy roast beef, gravy fries , potato salad sundae, and omg the chicken strips. All fresh and full of flavor, a big ol mouth orgy. Yes I would come here again and yes I would recommend to all my friends and family. Keep an eye out on the cake lady who comes in selling homemade cake slices.Delicious po-boys. I had the roast beef. Perfect onion rings (not greasy). Great lunch place. Everyone around us was happy too.We were not in the know, so we entered through the bar, 5 year-old in tow.  Up the stairs and there we were.  The restaurant is in what surely was the upstairs bedroom space of somebody's house a long time ago -- and with the low ceilings and just a little natural light from one window, it feels like it.  Parking in this mostly residential area is hard to come by.
We ordered the firecracker shrimp sandwich, the roast beef and red beans.  
Firecracker shrimp was decent -- a bit of a zing but not crazy.  
The roast beef was alright -- it is very very very very messy and is probably best eaten with a fork and knife.  It was definitely tasty, but nothing I cannot live without.  
The bread was perfect -- soft and chewy.
The fries were above average in texture and taste.  
Now, the red beans........it took my tasting it to figure out why the little one wanted more of what we were having than what was on her plate.  I know people have rated them high, so maybe there were having an off day, but I tell you honestly, they were the absolute worst red beans I've ever had.  The only word I can think of is mold.  You know what moldy food smells like -- I've never eaten moldy food, but I've smelled it -- and these beans tasted like what moldy food smells like.  
I'm glad we tried it, but unless my sister lived next door to it, I'd never make it a food destination.I was a vegetarian when I lived in this town, in 2001. Sure, Parasol's in those days was known for the pleasant aromas of the roast beef poboy that would waft out of the kitchen and fill your nose when you walked in, as much as it was known for the other nose-fillers available in darker corners of the pub. Now that I'm no longer a)vegetarian or b)a drunken college student that would't be able to wax poetic about, much less remember the nuances of fine pub grub, I decided to revisit what used to be the seedy Irish Channel, where the streets are paved with cabbage and green, vodka-laced jello once a year. Well...seedy? Not so much, anymore. I can't get over how Magazine street and environs looks like a cafe strip in So Cal. Ahhhhh well, what are you gonna do? The owners have moved on to Tracy's on Magazine, and brought many of their less scandalous trademarks with them. So, its still a cozy, divey-looking spot. Looks like people would be copulating and snorting in the latrine, on the right night. But I'm here for a sammich. And a beer. I found this "PBR", that the kids love, to be a very sufficient gullet lubricator and appetite stimulant; and I figured two more goblets of discount hipster-nectar would lead me to the right sammich like a seedy, liquid divining rod. Or, this being New Orleans, the bartender will actually take time to talk to me, unsolicited, and I can glean some inside information. So, no longer a vegetarian, but I still am not intrigued about roast beef poboys. What could be so so special? I'm in New Orleans. Seafood, pork, game, etc. rain supreme. I couldn't help it--shrimp; firecracker shrimp? Like a BBQ shrimp/fried shrimp hybrid. Crispy and spicy, in a poboy?? Mike, the bartender, tells me its his favorite. I'm sold! Zapp's, Cajun crawtators-flavored kettle-cooked chips? Sold. Another fine draught, the color of well-hydrated peeee, sir? Sold! I walked out of there, only about $12 lighter, buzzed, and blissed out on sammich. Go here and get the firecracker shrimp.I was staying just down the block, so I thought Id try the infamous Parasol's. I chose the BEEF Po Boy, and got extra gravy/debris on the side.  The PO Boy was just okay. The beef / debris wasn't very flavorful at all, as I had one from Seersucker Restaurant that was excellent.My favorite place to go to for a roast beef poboy in New Orleans. It's a total dive bar/restaurant with cheap drinks and friendly staff. Be sure to get some french fries too. I highly recommend this place if you're looking to feel like a local in New Orleans.
It's a few blocks away from Magazine Street too. For sure check this place out if you're in the area.Don't be a fool like we were and walk into the bar which is small, cramped and full of people smoking filthy cigarettes and think that's the restaurant.  After our tour of New Orleans ended I hit up Yelp! to find this place but one look at the god awful bar full of smokers and we were heading on out.  Our tour guide however pulled up just then in his sports car and told us he was eating there.  When I mentioned the smoking he explained to me that was the bar and the restaurant was smoke free...whew...well back inside we went. I was boosted by the fact that our tour guide, a local, was eating here.
So went back in to a very, very small area which seats about 10-12 maybe(?) and were able to quench our thirst with some free ice tea and water they keep over by the restrooms.  Speaking of the restrooms, they do have nice, clean restrooms but whoah boy are they tiny, as a big guy of 6 foot and 250 pounds (ok 265 pounds, LOL) I was barely able to turn around in there.  Anyways, the way it works is you grab a table, get in line, place your order (they do take credit cards btw) and then they come out later with your food and yell your name to bring it to your table.  
The special of the day was soft shelled crab Po' boy for $15...which is pretty expensive but then maybe $15 is a Bill Gates type Po' boy because $15 would be nothing for Bill Gates eh?  and the other special was Boudin Balls, which I had no idea what that was but I ordered both of the specials as the Boudin Balls sounded very exotic and New Orleans so I figured I'd give them a try.  We tacked on an extra order of hot wings just for good measure and went back to our table to cool down, hydrate ourselves and wait for our chow.
After a good long wait, probably near 30 minutes (the place got slammed by tourists after the tour ended in their defense) we got our hot wings.  Boy were they fantastic!  Have to dock them some points though for no ranch, the guy said they only carry Bleu cheese.  I thought that was surprising as nearly every restaurant carries ranch dressing but not a huge deal to me (it was my fiance though who loves ranch dressing with her wings).  The wings were huge, meaty and appropriately sauced.  They were really not hot at all though so if you are looking for some heat this ain't the place.
About 10 minutes later our soft shelled crab Po' boys and Boudin balls arrived.  Holy cow was the Po' boy huge!  I guess for $15 it oughta be but it was mammoth.  One bite into it and I knew I was in love.  Soft shelled crab is not anything I'd ever tried before but I immediately loved it and was glad that I had ordered it.  The sandwich was so big the only way I could finish it was to eat half of it then for the second half I just ate the crab itself and a tomato and left the rest of the bread and lettuce behind.  The Boudin balls were incredibly good, some sort of sausage and a tad spicy and I'd definitely order them again.  They were incredibly filling though so don't order them unless you're either pretty hungry or are willing to get a box to go.
The guy who took our order was super friendly and really nice but the woman (girl) who brought out the order seemed to be all sourpuss about something.  I asked her if we could have some more ketchup (or something, I can't recall) and she scowled somewhat and yelled back at the kitchen to get it...it's a reason for me deducting a star; I felt somewhat uncomfortable with the attitude.  Perhaps I just caught her on a bad day but sometimes you only get one chance to make a first impression and mine of her was not very good.  
All in all though the place is the bomb, awesome food, a real gem to find and once again Yelp! comes through here for me.  Definitely go here if you're in the area, but don't mistake the bar for the restaurant and be prepared for a bit of a wait for your food...but in the end the wait is well worth it!!Make sure you don't eat before you come here. Not for the day but a week. Between my friend and I, we ordered alligator bites, a large half and half (shrimp and oyster) po boy and pork skins. It was like I'd died and gone to fried food heaven where everything was crusted in a delicious fragrant crispy skin. We left after demolishing only half of the feast, fully satiated. 
A few blocks away, there's a bar called Terry's where they shuck oysters on the street. Perfect end to the fried meal. MmMmmMmmm. Or you could amble over to sucre and leisurely lick your way through two scoops of gelato.My girlfriend and I just moved in a few blocks away and decided to walk there last night for some late dinner and drinks.  Oh man... I ordered the gravy (with meat debris) and fries po-boy and if the kitchen hadn't just closed I would have ordered another!!! The gravy was on point, the bread was perfectly toasty, and my vegetarian girlfriend even looked like she wanted to get busy with my meal. She kept asking, "Does THAT bite have meat on it?" At which time I would hand over bits and pieces of my sandwich for her to try.  After our meal we slammed down two shots of SoCo, a couple beers, and walked home.  No fuss, no muss, just a chill place to eat, drink and be merry.  I will be returning soon for a second date with my boo.... I meant the sandwich, not my girlfriend.Just left this DIVE.. it was recommended by our tour guide so my boyfriend looked them up and saw the many great pics, well he failed to read the recent reviews.  This place was not worth the TIP!!... I applaud the attempt to be unique with garlic toasted reviewers sandwich.  As with the other reviewers, this place definitely needs a FULL cleaning.  The tables were only cleared, not CLEANED.  The staff were nice and helpful but really need help in the cleaning department.  I would not recommend this place because it just wasn't worth it.  By the way, it looks nothing like the two shows it had been previously aired on.  They obviously cleaned the place prior to each show!!!A friend who used to live around the corner took me here. She ordered three different poboys, roast beef, shrimp, and oyster. They were all good (had to get the leftovers togo). I'll definitely be back for more roast beef and shrimp. The bar and restaurant are separated but if you want a drink while you're eating just use the little pass thru window to order - makes me think about prohibition... I can't wait to go back...Thank you yelpers for guiding us to this hidden gem! We were walking around the Garden District, admiring the architecture of the beautiful homes as our bellies were growling! Everyone is right come and get a Po' boy, best we had. We tried Bbq beef, fried softcrab, and roast beef. I LOVED the soft crab po' boy. The fat girl within was very happy that day =)
Con: service wasn't so great, it was even a bit awkward, be ready for locals to recognize you as NOT one of them, and kinda ignore you.Our first authentic, and easily best meal of the trip. We hopped off one of those tour buses, starving for food and Yelp directed us to Parasol's - as soon as I saw the dingy outside of the place, I knew it was going to be great. 
I had the firecracker shrimp po boy - which apparently is a Parasol's specialty, because I was looking for firecracker shrimp every other place we went - alas, it wasn't meant to be - but the one sando I did have here? Heaven, and I Will go back if I find myself back in New Orleans.
Other people in the group raving about their meal had the Roast Beef and Oyster Po BoyWe found Parasol's several years ago and always look forward to going there when we are in town. We adore their roast beef po boy and my husband is also a big fan of the firecracker shrimp po boy. 
On this trip, we decided to put the Parasol's vs. Tracey's roast beef po boy rivalry to the test, eating at Tracey's one day and Parasol's the next. Let me be clear: there is no competition here. Parasol's roast beef po boy kicks the crap out of Tracey's. Hands down. I would never go back to Tracey's, but Parasol's is a must for any trip we make to New Orleans.Only for the brave or true foodies to eat-in.  When we were waiting for our take out I was reading the reviews on the wall and one said something like it was kind of skeezy by New Orleans standards.  
Get the roast beef po-boy and a fried oyster po-boy.  I've never gotten anything else, okay a friend shrimp.  If you don't see them on the menu, look closer they are listed as shwimps and ersters.  Har de har har.  
Obviously I gave it 5 stars because the food is outta sight.This neighborhood restaurant and bar may look like an Irish Channel dive (and it is).  That being said, LT and I loved it.  There is no better Roast Beef Po-Boy in New Orleans.  I ordered a side of fries (topped with roast beef and gravy) to go along with it and I wound up taking most of my meal home.  Just the fries was enough for a meal and I'm 6'4, 275 pounds.  Next time, I'll be ordering the firecracker shrimp because I've heard it's so awesome....but it's going to be hard pulling myself away from the roast beef.The gumbo was 5 stars, very tasty.  The roast beef po boy was 3.5 stars.  The gravy was good but some of the beef was a little tough.  Still good though but would get a different po boy if we came back.Drove 100 miles out of the way after watching a show on the Food Network. Walked in with a party of 6 for some po boys. Some kid walks out of the kitchen and tells my nephew he can't have his support dog. He doesn't want to meet my nephew without his support dog... Showed him Boo's I.D. but still no go. You can't have a dog in here. It's Louisiana! Pretty sure the A.D.A. applies in Louisiana.As we approached the rather plain looking building, I said "this place has to be good." Of course, this led to my wife giving me a reproachful look and correctly commenting that "you always think a place is going to be good if it looks like a hole in the wall." She's right, but luckily, this place fit my rather odd view of restaurants, as they Po Boys were some of the best that I've ever had.
Parasol's is a rather plain looking place, with not much going on inside. There is a TV blaring in the corner, but an interesting little window to order drinks from the bar (the bar and the restaurant are separate). I'll get to the bar later.
Parasol's was great, if a bit slow. We got there during the lunch hour and had to wait about forty minutes to get our food. My wife and I got the Fire Cracker Shrimp Po Boy, large, to split. It was a bargain for the $11 or so we paid for it. The dread-locked guy in the kitchen was pretty nice about everything (in fact, he gave my mom an extra Dr. Pepper when he forgot to bring them out with our orders). On top of that, this kitchen guy was actually honest, a rarity. My parents wanted to order the bread pudding, but he refused to sell it because it wasn't up to his standards. Instead, with my step father insisting that he wanted to try it, gave it to us for free. That kind of accountability can be rare in an establishment such as this.
Here is what we ordered: 
Fire Cracker Shrimp Po Boy: The star of the meal. Some reviewers complain that the baguette is too dry with it being toasted. The bread for me, though was the star of the sandwich. The crunch of the baguette was a nice texture balance against the sauced shrimp. It allowed the sandwich to soak up the juices without becoming soggy, a real winner.
Onion Rings: Delicious. Breaded, with a nice sweet flavor. The spicy remoulade dressing is a nice touch.
Sweet Potato Fries: Some of the best that I've ever had, with a nice spicy kick at the end. These puppies didn't need ketchup.
My dining companions were all happy with their sandwiches and I am confident that I would return to Parasol's again when I'm visiting New Orleans. It really is something special.The firecracker shrimp PoBoy is fantastic!  I love to stop by Parasol's after a nice day of watching sports at Tracy's.Loved this place.  Was in New Orleans for a conference but looking for a good place to grab a sandwich and a beer and watch some college football with my wife.  The combo (catfish & shrimp) and firecracker shrimp po-boys and homemade onion rings were awe---some!!!  All the seafood and onions were fresh and hand breaded right before going in the fryer.  Bread was fresh too.  I'm from Philly and know my sandwiches so i don't offer undeserved sandwich compliments.  Loved the icy cold Pabst Blue Ribbons on tap.  Dining room trap door allowed easy ordering of refills...it's genius!  Ended up staying for about 5 hrs. and the Phils playoff game since it was such a chill place to hang out.  All the bartenders and cooks are really friendly and so is the owner.  Was a pretty divey joint but in the best possible way.  Does get a little smoky at the bar but can hang out in the dining rm if it bothers you.  Also, just a block walk to Magazine and all the shops/bars/restaurants.  So, go for lunch, stay for a while (OK, i recommend a long while) and have a few cold ones, then off to Magazine for the night.The best place to watch a Saints game, have a drink and enjoy the day.
My favorite place for  a bloody mary too.
How about a shrimp po boy or a roast beef po boy!
YUMMM!
My first and last stop in New Orleans each visit!
Merci, SDI heard about this little gem and it was a must when we got to Nola . Amazing Po Boys, tried the Roast Beef and Pulled Pork. They are huge and delicious especially with a side of the gravy fries! Make sure to get there before noon, if not the line can be quite long but definetly worth the wait.!  Love this place 
Can't wait to go backA tour guide had recommended Parasol's for a good po' boy, and when my family and I approached the restaurant we were scared to even go in. My dad agreed to grab a beer and check it out and when we saw some other folks orders come out, we decided we had to give it a try. 
Super divey, tables may be sticky, and you aren't gonna be waited on hand and foot, but this was BY FAR the BEST FOOD we ate in New Orleans. 
We tried a ham po' boy and the spicy shrimp and all shared an order of onion rings. While we were staying River Front, my entire family kept wanting to go back to Parasol's to try more. My dad and brother (who are both incredibly picky) agreed the onion rings were the best they have ever had period. 
While it is a very casual eatery, the woman behind the counter came to our table with out food, and even checked up and offered us to go boxes. 
Don't let the plastic furniture and funky smell steer you out. I promise you won't regret eating here!This is a SUPER divey looking place but the po' boy I ordered was fantastic and the prices are not too shabby either. When you walk in there is a small bar, and the people/bar tender are very friendly. You have to walk up a short flight of stairs to get to the restaurant part. When I walked in there was a strong urine odor which made me nervous about ordering food there. Moreover the kitchen was a little disorganized, but I wanted an authentic New Orleans po' boy before leaving the city so I decided to tough it out. 
I ordered the firecracker shrimp, which the cook said was one of the popular po' boys. The regular is HUGE, and they give you a ton of shrimp. My only complaint would be that the shrimp was not cleaned properly so many of them had not been deveined (but I'm just a stickler for clean shrimp so this might be a me problem). Other than that, the food was amazing and I'm glad we stayed. 
Also, this place is in the garden district so after eating we were able to walk around and see the mansions and the cemetery which was loads of fun. Great location, tasty food, just a little sketch when you first walk in but don't let that deter you from giving it a try!Go straight to the back and order the firecracker shrimp po-boy. Don't' waste your time on the others, the firecracker shrimp is amazing and it's not something you commonly see on a po-boy menus elsewhere. Then go to the bar, order your favorite beer on draft and either pull up seat at the smokey bar or set up shop at one of their outdoor picnic tables. It will make for a wonderfully laid back afternoon.Great food, friendly service, and a good time - some guys broadcasting a sports radio show even let me go on the air!My friend and I had a checklist of what we wanted to taste in New Orleans.  Getting a Po-
Boy was on the list and Parasol's was near where we stayed, so we decided to try it since it got 4 stars.  The one fork should have warned us.... as you walk up to the restaurant, it makes one worry as to whether they should even enter this restaurant.  We went thru the bar area to get to the restaurant and just about turned around to leave when another tourist couple came in being just as leery as us.  We all decided to try it.... it is an order at the window set up, that's okay as they bring it to your table.  The tables have plastic checker tablecloths which weren't kept clean, but we managed to find a table that was good enough.  The bathroom was in good order for which I was thankful.  So..... is it worth going to for a Po-Boy...... YES!!!  We had the Fried Shrimp, it was Wonderful!!  Try Parasol's if you are in the area, just prepared for a run down tacky looking building!The roast beef po boy was enough to make my entire day! They Also have delicious, huge portioned chicken tenders and fries basket, cheap beer and super sweet tea. You've gotta come here on your way through the Garden DistrictRoast Beef Po'Boy & Firecracker Shrimp Po'Boys! So good. Really would come back here all the time. Also love the odd and quickly little speakeasy cubby to order drinks from the bar while eating in the restaurant. New Orleans charm at its finest.Everything I expected and a lot I didn't. It's a bar and a damn fine one. Love to be there with my friends but I'm just visiting. 
What I love about NO is that the quality of the surroundings has nothing to do with the quality of the food and, the more you enjoy the food, the more appealing the surroundings become. Thats Parasol. Don't come here expecting beautiful surroundings. Come expecting authentic NO experience, people and food.  Order a PBR, shut up and let it sink in. It's cool. 
Ok the shrimp Po boy, which is what I came here for because Guy, Bobby, Emeril or Alton told me to, was great. Flaky, crusty, crispy, soft bread with an abundance of fried shrimp was good. Paired well with a PBR.If I were into sports, I'd add this to my game viewing list. We visited on a Sunday during the World Cup and the smokey bar was full of game watchers. The dining area (two different rooms), however, were empty. We were able to order a sandwich and were served right away. In the dining room, there were two TVs and the best part is...smoke-free. Oh wait, actually the best part is that the bar had Stone IPA on draft and Stone's Go To IPA in bottles. I was impressed.By far one of my absolute favorite places to eat and drink in New Orleans. The roast beef po boys are AMAZING. Try the firecracker shrimp ones as well, and the gravy fries. The bartenders are friendly and funny and will almost certainly have the Allman Brothers playing from the juke box at some point while you're there. Kitchen staff is friendly (packed me up quite a little lunch box to take on my flight back to NYC). It's a real local neighborhood kinda place. I've spent many an afternoon/evening/whoops how'd it get to be 11 pm in the place talking to any and everyone who comes in.Food here is wonderful.  So much flavor and the perfect amount of spice.  I'm one to put hot sauce on EVERYTHING but the red beans & rice didn't need a drop! Locals recommended the firecracker shrimp po'boy so that shall be my next meal here.  The thing that really sets this place apart is the service, some of the friendliest people we've ever met.  One tip, bring cash as the food counter (separate from the bar) is cash only (there is an ATM if you forget).  Bar accepts cards.We had been here before and everything was very good. I had the catfish basket and my husband had the roast beef. Both were ok but this time not anything to rave about. The staff was not that friendly like before and our experience was just mediocre.Great food, extremely personable staff! The po' boys are the best, though the Irish Sundae was bland. The area is fun and this spot is a must go when you come to NOLA!Hands down best Roast Beef Po-Boy in the city-proper. Featured on the Food Network. Cheap too. I lived next door in college. ALWAYS get your po'boy 'dressed.' You will always be asked this, say Yes.This is the kind of place to go if you don't want to eat at a local place that the typical tourist does in New Orleans. It's great for a quick and cost-effective lunch or dinner that, and of course for a quick drink at the bar when you have some time.
The po-boys at Parasol's are top notch - especially the roast beef. The sandwiches are often served with a fork because the meat was overflowing from the bread (which is good in my book)!We saw this featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives on the Food Network and had to try it on our first trip to New Orleans.  Be certain, this is definitely in the Dive category.  Had the roast beef po boy which was the rave on the show.  It was good, but would I go out of my way for it again. No.Firecracker shrimp poboy!!! Bloody Mary!!! Fantastic ..off the beaten path! Best bartender...skwirl was so friendly and down to earth. Coming back!!My favorite Po' Boy of our trip to New Orleans.  We had two and ate then for BOTH lunch and dinner. Huge portions and so tasty.  We had the firecracker shrimp and the roast beef and both were great.  This place has characters and character!Wow. I've heard of dive bars but this place is like beyond that. The gumbo was so spicy it made my nose run, and they just put a half a crab body in it, without even taking the crab out of the shell! How lazy is that? And then the 70s music started playing and somebody actually came in with their dog and it made me....want to stay all afternoon. Seriously, it's a freaking skydive bar and I will live here anytime I'm in town.Been here 3 or 4 xs. Have gotten the firecracker shrimp poboy Everytime. So much for diversifying. I just can't bring myself to order anything else as this poboy is the most unique shrimp poboy I have ever had. Think buffalo fried shrimp poboy with an incredible tangy spiciness. Also, try the debris fries. They are among the best in the city. I have heard from fellow diners that the roast beef poboy is exceptional and up there with Tracy's and r&os but I cannot personally attest to this. Plenty beers, great staff, and take your pick between eating and ordering at the bar or in the dining area. Love this bar. Or should I say restaurant?Stopped by after a chef recommended this place. The bar made me smile, simple neighborhood bar, and the upstairs looks like an old-time small business kitchen. The quaint atmosphere made me feel like I was experiencing a local secret. We ordered the firecracker shrimp po'boys and onion rings. The rings were generic, but I'm spoiled living near the best in the world. The po'boys were out of this world. They were so good. Red beans and rice weren't available, but they did have my favorite root beer in a bottle - another plus. It was so good,we returned the next day for another dose before we left town, this time including red beans, which were also delicious. The staff is very friendly and everyone loved our puppy, even tending to him while we ate. Highly recommend!My favorite po-boy (pulled pork) in New Orleans. I tried 3 places in one weekend, so while I'm not a local boy, I think I can speak with the tiniest bit of authority. The pulled pork isn't too sweet, and has a mustard heat to it that really takes it to the next level. Their roast beef is possibly on par with the one served at Parkway Tavern. 
The kitchen is in the back of the bar, so don't wait at the bar hoping your to-go order will materialize.Meh...Moderate at best, went to the Block Party. Bar was great food was mediocre at best. If that made Food Networks Diners Drive Ins and Dives, Guy should come to my houseThis place is a must stop when I visit family every summer. They have great po boys with seafood that is always fresh. Yea is isn't the greatest looking place but you forget all about it when you taste the food.Don't let the exterior of the place full you or the interior for that matter. I know the place could use some love but give it a go. Parasol's has the best roast beef poboy in New Orleans. Seriously better than Tracy's. The debris fries are fantastic too! I keep telling myself I'll try the fire cracker shrimp but every time I go I just can't not order the roast beef. It's THAT good. It's a lot of food so come with an appetite! I can't really comment on the bar in the back because I've never been to it and in all honesty I had no idea it existed and I've been going here for years.Used to love this place, but now they take 40 minutes to make a sandwich. Not even that busy compared to say Parkways. C'mon guys, it's a sandwich.Fancy some 4" shards of glass buried into your po-boy for dinner? A nice bloody treat for the mouth guaranteed, or your money back. Just be cautious - remember to chew to prevent any fatal accidents of swallowing the glass and ruining your intestinal tract, along with any medical bills or trauma along the way.
6 P.M visit to this place for some authentic New Orleans po-boys, as directed by the seemingly positive Yelp reviews. Needless to say, after taking a few bites into these Po-boys, my girlfriend found this painful surprise after biting directly into this 4" shard of glass. Luckily, the wound stopped bleeding, the initial shock of the situation wore off,  and we are on our way to medical checkups for infection prevention. Took a good amount of tissues, puking up the food, and nausea (might it be cause by the careless treatment of quality and the dirty conditions these po boys are produced?) to make it back to our hotel. Just reflecting on the experience, what if that 4" shard happened to be a 2" shard - small enough to escape her chewing and swallowed into her body. Or if unsuspecting tourists take their children here to dine on these "amazing" po-boys, unknowingly placing them in extremely hazardous and life-threatening scenarios due to the blatant neglect in this organization's lack of food sanitation in their customers.
Girlfriend puked up her food, currently with stomach pains in the bathroom. Who knows what other unsanitary conditions these foods where handled in if a 4" shard of glass made it through production. Posting pictures of the glass shard and the blood. Stay away from this place. Manager still has not responded to this incident.I deeply regret not having gone here sooner.  They're moving up the street to Tracey's (3rd and Magazine) on September 1.
I think I got their last soft-shell crab po'boy, so sorry, you're out of luck.  But in case you're wondering, it was DELICIOUS.  Not half as fatty / greasy as I expected.
The bar area was great.  People obviously have loved this place over the years, most of the patrons were regulars reminiscing on their times here.  Everyone said hi to me.  I only wish I'd gotten around to it sooner!Stopped in for lunch after a walking tour of the Garden District.  Enjoyed a couple of local beers and shared two po-boys (firecracker shrimp and the special of the day - soft shell crab).  Food was fantastic and so was the bartender.  He, and another local gave us lots of good advice for local happy hours and food.  He even gave me a bottle of hot sauce to have with my happy hour oysters at another bar.  This is a local's joint, and I had a great meal and great fun!The roast beef po'boy will put a good hurting on you.  The sauces are wonderful and go with great bread.  The sweet potato fries were also solid.  A good neighborhood place.This place is great!! Its off the beaten path and well worth the extra time it takes to get here from the French Quarter. Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives did a show on the restaurant and it is as good as they claimed. We had the shrip po-boys.Holy cow, if you want a great po boy, go here! There is an old Irish bar side, and a dining room - you definitely don't go here for the decor, but the food is great. We recommend the roast beef po boy, or the firecracker shrimp po boy. Sweet potato fries are also great, and we asked for a side of mayo for dipping - yum. This seems to be a place where the locals go. The staff were really helpful to us in figuring out what to order (for 2 adults, 2 little kids). 5 stars for the food.We took a taxi ride to Parasol's on a whim.  One of the best meals while in NO and our first of 5 meals for the day - we only had 3 days to work with!  The bar was a great little hole on the wall, the staff was friendly, and the food was great.  We split a roast beef po boy and a muffalata (not recommended - too salty; not enough olive pesto).  The RB PB was dripping with meat and juices and was almost perfect.  The bread was also top notch.  On the wall were pictures of their last St Patty's parade; it looks like tens of thousands of people show up for this event - impressive.  When we got home Parasol's was listed in Gourmet Magazine providing even more reassurance that our taxi ride adventure was a wise move.Total hole in the wall in the most wonderful sense of the word. Don't come if you're not okay with no frills and are looking for fancy. But do check it out if you're looking for good food at a great price.Divey little spot near my home. Roast beef poboy is good. I like the hot wings. My gf enjoys the cheese fries.The po boys here are fantastic. I had the roast beef po boy and tried a bit of my friends shrimp--so good. Among the best I've had in NOLA. The servings are massive, a large should be enough for two.
The place is a dive, but don't let that fool you into not enjoying a meal here.Best!  Best!   Best!
Oyster Po-boy!  Shrimp po-boy!    Red beans and rice!  Onion rings!   Fabulous!    
Today was the first but definitely not the last visit.The Best Roast Beef po-boy ever.  Seriously.  This place rocks.  The shrimp po-boy is good (if you dress it)  but why waste your time on anything that isn't their roast beef.  
Since having this shredded beef delight straight from heaven, all I do is crave more of it.
Guy Fiereri came here and rolled his eyes at the place, you however should not - you should rush right over here, and order, not one, but like 3 of these suckers - because they are so reasonable, and I promise you, that you won't be able to stop eatting them!  
Now go!  go now! and eat beef.From Michigan, never had a PoBoy before. Wife heard that "Parsol's had the best around. Well we were not disappointed. We split a 10" sandwich and fries. It was delicious, I cannot compare it to other places, bit these are to die for.Parisols is old school NOLA, and you feel like you step into a neighborhood kitchen when you walk in here.  The ambience is local and the food quite good.  We ordered shrimp poboys and gorged until we couldn't eat another shrimp.  Sweet potato fries are excellent. You get a greasy, large plate of fries.  The table can split a large order.  Negatives are the kitchen can get overwhelmed and basics may not be taken care of.  For our stop, there was no water, and some tables weren't bussed.  If these were taken care of, I would give it 4 stars.A VERY divey bar/restaurant serving up GREAT food. Po boys, fried chicken, french fries, mozarella sticks, hugh sandwiches, all served up in plastic baskets lined with green and white checked paper. Food is good and cheap and the place is not that crowded!I am just so glad to see that Parasol's is still here!  I won't specifically comment on the food these days (it's been awhile since I dropped in) but this is the kind of place that, once visited, you tend to seek out again and again.  Food is aces, and of course there's a bar.btw ima local.
Not good to right a review while hungry. 
Especially this one. 
Salivating as I type. 
Run, don't walk to Parasol's for the messiest, bestiest roast beef poboy this side of....anywhere!
I couldn't put the sandwich down because if I did it would have fallen apart into a wonderful pile of slop. 
That didn't bother me. No sir! I just kept it in my hand and ate around and ate around as the juicy goodness (aka gravy) dripped down my arm. 
Great. Now I'm starving.They were out of Muffaletta bread when we arrived on a Friday afternoon but there are plenty of other options here. The wife and I split a roast beef po-boy and some boudain balls along with plenty of cold beer. We sat at the bar for the first hour we were there and listened to all the locals talk a bunch of smack about the Saints (I am a Vikings fan). After a few beers and a shot or two of Rumplemintz we decided to go upstairs and grub.
The sandwich was sloppy, hot, and awesome. Plenty of Roast Beef and the bread was crispy crunchy on the outside but moist and soft in the center. You can always tell that you have good bread by the amount of crumbs on the table. If the bread is old or dry crumbs are everywhere. If it's fresh you will still have some crummage from the outer crust but it will not be a mess. The boudain balls were also very good. A little greasy but.......
I would have given this place 4 stars based on food and company etc. however when Mama went to use the rest room as we headed back downstairs to grab another Rumpy a roach ran across her feet. She came back to the bar without taking care of business. I was instructed to finish my drink as we were not staying any longer.
I hope the new place is cleaner and the food remains the same. I know, I know, the best places in N.O. have bug problems no matter how clean they are. I call bull shit on that theory though. The men's restroom was filthy as well. It doesn't take much time or money to throw a little bleach on the floors at night. It's a shame they let it slide like that because the people and the food really wer top notch.Decent food at a decent price.  I think I had built this place up in my head a bit and was kind of disappointed.  The place was pretty gross on the inside, and the bathroom left a LOT to be desired.  The roast beef po boy was yummy, and the bread was to die for.  Great food for the price, though!lived around the corner from this place for a little over a year and it was always first choice for a beer or a quick (well depending on the wait) bite.  the wings are yummmmy and i do love me some of that shrimp poboy.  the bar patrons are very friendly.  really nice neighborhood bar!As always the best Po-Boys in town. Been coming here since I was first introduced 25 years ago. It is the same as it always was. The Best2nd time in NOLA and once again, BEST SHRIMP PO BOY in NOLA
i can't get over how delicious this sandwich is. i crave it. i dream about it. i love it. i can't get enough.I saw Parasol's on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  It is a total dive and I loved it.  There are two entrances.  One is through the bar and up some steps and the other is a side door directly into the "restaurant."  You go up to the counter and place your order and wait for a bit but hey, good things are worth the wait.
We were leaving New Orleans so we ordered more than we usually would so we could get a taste of everything.  Macaroni and cheese bites-y'all get these, they are super good. They fry up little squares of macaroni and cheese and serve them with a spicy cheese dip.  I was very surpised at how good they were.  We all shared a cup of gumbo, it was perfectly seasoned and made my taste buds happy.  I ordered the roast beef po boy fully dressed.  It was huge and the gravy complimented the roast beef.  I ended up carrying half of it back to my hotel room.  We also ordered cheese fries with gravy.  Sinful sounding I know and I guess it was.  There was too much cheese on them (is that possible?) but we still enjoyed eating them. My son and husband both got the BBQ Onion Burger Po Boy.  I made my hubby give me a bite.  The bread was really good.  The meat was seasoned nicely and the onion rings were nice and crispy.
The only real gripe I had was that they ran out of tea before we got there and never brewed more even though they said they were.  It takes like 10 minutes to brew tea.  Come on.
Everything else was great and I recommend it.Huge update: Firecracker shrimp is Amazing! It's crystals coated fried shrimp in a po boy! Oh and they take cards. This is my neighborhood go to.both times we were really disappointed in the PO BOYS in NOLA. so on the last day we decided to pick up at parasol's to eat a po boy at the airport and THANK THE PO BOY GODS that i did. i guess 3rd times the charm.
when i went in i thought i was at the wrong place. i walked into the bar and it just looked like a local dive bar. the bartender guided me towards the kitchen (i swear i didn't look like a tourist) and got my order of firecracker shrimp. 
once i got to the airport, i opened up the sandwich, took a bite and went straight to my happy place.  i wanted to drive back and get another. that po boy made me think twice about getting on my flight! SO GOODI wanted to like this place. But.... got the fire cracker shrimp po boy and large order of fries with gravy. The shrimp were tiny, breaded and then soaked in hot sauce, yeah I know fire cracker but way too much hot sauce and the bread was tough.  The order of fries was Huge, as in like 3 pounds, a take out box stuffed and would have been ok if not for the "gravy".  The gravy wasn't gravy but a Ton of pulled roast beef with not much flavor. Other peoples food looked good and if I were to return, which I won't, I would know to order differently. The place is dirty inside out and seats about 16-18 people plus a small table for 2 outside.Parasol's is the real deal. It IS a dive bar, so don't go if this isn't your thing. Roast beef Po-boy was as good as advertised, hamburger and fries were great, too.
You can find other good poboys in town, but if you're around the Irish Channel and Magazine Street, this is a good choice.This is a must do. We just stopped for a quick bite and had a Firecracker shrimp Po boy, it was the best Po boy in New Orleans. It is a very local and affordable place. The bartender was very nice and so were the people sitting at the bar. It's very close to the garden district, so if u find yourself in that area I recommend you stop by this place.Fantastic. Tried the shrimp po boy and the oyster po boy: both were great. Cool setup with an order window into the bar.When the old kitchen from Parasol's moved up the street to Tracey's they forgot to bring the deliciousness with them. Parasol's still has one of the best juicy and tender roast beef poboys in the city. The wait staff is also very friendly and pure New Orleans.Believe me, I am ah-ware. All too many of my reviews feature incidents of either heavy drinking or subsequent tales of being hideously hungover and fighting to get back to drinkin' form through the consuming of big sloppy sandwiches and a variety of fried foods. The cure. While this here review is more focused on the latter situation, really, I can easily ramble about both when it comes to Parasol's. Good for both.
I always one to enjoy a divey Irish bar, as that be part of my DNA. That being said, I have, on a number of occasions, enjoyed drinking in the ramshackle comfort of Parasol's snug little bar, in the past. You're sure to meet ya some characters, alright. 
On our most recent trip to New Orleans, however, we happened to be in the vicinity of Parasol's on the rare circumstance that I couldn't even begin to think about anything alcohol related. Like I didn't wanna even look a beer bottle or nuthin. The ole gal was feeling a little worse for the wear. So, this time we ventured up the three little stairs to the more family-friendly, less boozy side of things- the restaurant area.
Walked up to the ordering window where you could see all the employees hustlin away, cooking and frying and slicing up long Leidenheimer rolls. It only took about 10 minutes for our orders to be ready; our baskets of big head redemption in the embodiment of po-boys, onion rings and fries. We over-ordered. We needed so much help. And it all did the trick.
While I liked the roast beef and gravy just fine, I dug the oyster po-boy even more that day. In addition, the crispy well-seasoned fries were so good, sopping up the gravy drippings. Onion rings, thumbs up. This welcome feast fixed me right up.
Imagine a once desperately wilted flower slowly returning to life after a watering; straightening up towards the sun and facing into the light. Ahhh how rejuvenatin'. Then that flower walked 'round the corner to the bar to get a quick beer, off on her merry way.Shrimp po-boy and Roast Beef po-boy are epic. A friend recommended Parasol and it did not disappoint.Wow! The Po' Boys-fire cracker shrimp and roast beef are a must. Plus the red beans and rice. Billy the bartender is hilarious!I was a NOLA first timer and asked all of my experienced friends for recommendations. This place topped everyone's list. We drove 7 hours to get here and didn't even stop at our airbnb house. Drove right to Parasol's. 
We walked through the bar to the restaurant. I had a firecracker shrimp PoBoy, dressed. It was perfection. The bread was amazing. My husband and I had originally decided to not repeat any restaurants. We're only in town for 4 days and wanted to get a wide range of samplings. But we have since decided to make Parasol's our last stop as well. 
This place definitely lived up to our expectations!This was seen on diners drive ins and dives and I must say, I was not disappointed!!  Excellent food, friendly staff!  If you are hungry, you won't leave that way!  I had a muffuletta and their gravy fries and I had to get a to go container. Sooo much food but I can't wait to eat the leftovers!  You won't be disappointed at all!!Service is good, food is wonderful and the atmosphere is exactly what New Orleans is all about. Kat is amazing as well.So I'm not sure what all these amazing reviews are about. The food was ok...we got the firecracker shrimp bc of so many positive reviews on yelp. Seriously, how can you screw up fried shrimp covered in buffalo sauce?? I will admit that the onion rings were excellent but the rest was pretty ho-hum. Atmosphere is honestly ick. Service is blah. Upside is the beer is pretty cheap. Afterward as we walked back to our hotel down Magazine street, I'd wished that we had eaten anywhere else!The onion rings and the fried pork skins were fantastic and the portion sizes were outrageous. But they were out of the gumbo, chicken wings, alligator bites. I expected ribs but not a one in sight. I deducted for lack of menu items. 
The bar had a great selection of on tap beers. You're out of luck if you want wine or GF food. Still worth a visit. 
Friendly staff and folks.Typical N.O....
It's three in the afternoon on a Sunday.  The bar has about thirty people inside and spilling out onto the sidewalk who are all yelling "where are we going and why are we in this hand basket?... YEEAAHH!!!
There was a Japanese guy wearing a bath robe and a big gold dollar sign($) around his neck.  He was drunk and dancing like James Brown.  I'll get back to him later.
The restaurant is upstairs.  You can either go through the bar or use the separate restaurant entrance.  I order a half and half(shrimp/oyster) and would have gotten fries but they were out.  So I got fried pickles... freaking disgusting!  I'm sitting there with my sister when the cook comes out and says "the shrimp is frozen and will take about twenty minutes."  
Drunk Jap Dude comes up looking for the restroom.  The robe is gone, but the $GOLD CHAIN$ is still swingin.  He starts saying... well, this is what he said "I am Japanese, I just move to New Orleans.  I want to be crack dealer and shoot people."  He throws his hand up in the air, walks back downstairs yelling "I am Japanese crack King!"
The po'boy wasn't bad and I actually like this little shit-hole.
There I  said it.Came for the St. Patty's Day block party!  What a fun place to come and wear green and party down with everyone else who is irish (or pretending to be)
Oh yeah, and the po-boys - are really that great.  The roast beef is amazing.  It's like the best thing you could ever put in your mouth.
If in the NOLA area, you need, that is right need to come check this place out - you won't ever see a po-boy the same after this. 
Trust me.
Also, the staff is amazing and friendly.  They were closed the day before St. Patty's day to get ready for the block party, and I really really really needed to get a couple of their t-shirts as gifts.  They were more than happy to stop their making of a bajillion trillion jello shots and help a girl out.  
Way cool!Hands down best PO ' boy in NOLA! The food is fantastic. The firecracker shrimp and the pulled pork are sooo good. Make sure to order the parasol sundae!Had to visit Parasols for dinner after reading all the great reviews.  We were not disappointed.  The Roast Beef Po'boy was outta this world.  Succulent juicy roast beef dressed on a chewy yummy roll.  Ordered with the gravy fries, which were great too.  Wish we had a place like this in Phoenix so we could make their Po'boy more of a habit.After recommendations from my friends, I went with the roast beef poboy.  Man, was I glad I did.  Great sandwich, and I'm not a big fan of roast beef.  The chef was real cool and was out shooting the breeze with us (slow night).  He offered to bring us a sample of the bread pudding.  Good stuff, good enough that we all grabbed a to-go order of it.  BTW, grab a southern pecan brew to go with your meal.Sandwiches at this place were amazing. We both had the BBQ pork and loved it. Friendly cooks and a fully stocked bar to grab a beer next door. What else could you want. I will go out of my way to come back next time I am in town.Best hidden gem bar in the garden district! The firecracker shrimp po' boy was amazing! The service was great and a friendly atmosphere. A definite stop if you're looking for a hole in the wall bar that's comfortable with cheap great food and beer!Amazing! a little space but amazing food with BIG flavor! Don't let the exterior fool you. Best beef po'boy we had in New Orleans & we had a few! The onion rings were amazing too! The lady tending the bar was very friendly and helpful! Nice people all aroundBy far THE best find. Amazing poboys and I loved being around people from the community.No, just no.
My boyfriend and I went here this past weekend while on vacation.  We chose this place because of the great reviews and because my boyfriend is a big fan of Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives.  This place is a dive to the max....but not in a good way.
We ordered our food at the counter as soon as we got in.  The kitchen was dirty and disorganized (there is NO way on earth they would ever pass a health inspection) - our mistake that we didn't just turn around and leave then.  But there were a decent amount of people there and we kept thinking of the good reviews, so we went ahead and ordered/paid anyway.  
We sat down at a table completely caked in food from the last people who sat there.  There were sauces smeared all over the wall.  The condiments had crap all over them...there is no way that they'd ever been wiped off/cleaned.  We never saw anyone come out to wipe a table or clean anything.
It took about 20 minutes to get the food.  We sat there discovering more and more filth, getting more disgusted as every minute passed.  Once the food came, we couldn't even enjoy it.  Yes, it was good.  But knowing the conditions it came from and sitting in filth eating it, we just couldn't enjoy it.  We ate and got out of there as fast as we possibly could.
There are plenty of places in New Orleans to get a good po' boy.  Unless you're fine eating in absolute, disgusting filth, skip this place and find somewhere (anywhere) else.OK, for visitors to NO, you've got to remember that most po boy places you're likely to go have their fans. And truth be told, most of the "usual suspects" (Here, Mahoney's, Guy's, Parkway, Verde Mart, Domelise's, etc., even Tracey's) are pretty decent (I'm not a fan of Zara's anymore, however) day-in, day-out. Every one will have an off day now and again. That said, 99% of the time, Parasol's will do you right. The roast beef is good as is the shrimp (both the regular and spicy). I only eat oysters raw, freshly opened, but the erster po boy types in our crowd say these are good and I trust their opinions. To me and most locals I know, banh mi-esque sandwiches may be good but they aren't po boys - bbq pork and slaw just ain't a po boy (but hey, one man's gumbo is another person's chicken soup...).
I order either a RB or shrimp, dressed and a side of horseradish (yep, I use it on both), normally a regular, but if I'm really hungry, I move up to a large (and you better be hungry - leftover po boy ain't near as good as fresh).Best  Po boys we had on our trip. Fries with gravy were outstanding. Cool divey place with super friendly staff and incredible food!!Their large sandwiches are huge! Enough for two meals. Had the firecracker shrimp po boy. Fully loaded and packed with ingredients. Super satisfying meal.5 STARS.... WHY? Hands down best bloody mary I've ever had (topped with Guinness).... which is very important to know while in NOLA. Firecracker shrimp poboys and roast beef poboys are tooooo die for! This place is definitely a hole in the wall. If you can get pass the appearance.. you are in for a treat. I will be back!Is this a dive spot - yes. Don't go in expecting more than an old dive bar and you won't be disappointed. Unless, they are out of muffaletta then you might be, which we were. 
However, we adjusted and ordered a roast beef po boy instead. We also ordered a shrimp po boy. Neither of us were disappointed with the taste, quantity or quality. The shrimp had a good crunch and there were plenty stuffed in the bread. Roast beef was piled on and saucy.
We ate up and took off. I wouldn't hang out there but I'd come back to grab a quick bite for sure.Seems have been a little different the last few times I was there.  Poboys were still great but staff seemed a little shady. Like sorry the CC machine is out we gotta have cash, then cash maybe leaving, but then notice the machine being used. I know its a dive bar but someone needs to keep an eye on their place.Parasol's Poboys are awesome!! I had the roast beef po-boy, which was damn tasty and had an awesome gravy on it. I felt a strong feeling of missing after it was gone.We loved it here!  The Toast Beef po boy was delicious!  2thumbs up! We came here for Mardi Gras from FL and we're not disappointed!!It was pretty cool to see an original menu from around 1940ish framed on the wall.  That's what I call cool. The place was authentic.  All I thought it that it was a bar.  
During the Irish Italian parade, I was wearing a shirt with my name on it.  As I walked through the crowd this girl yelled out my name, at which point I turned, and she said "don't you remember me from last week?" I was like a pit bull for stud and she was offended that I didn't remember her name.  She said things like "you mean you don't remember the night we had?", and "it lasted all night long!!" Making all kinds of mature references.....
Finally due to some quick thinking, I glanced at the name on her shirt and said really loudly "oh yes GAIL!, How could I ever forget!  You could put a golf ball through 50 feet of garden hose". She turned white as a ghost as this prank backfired on her..."-- as she looked down at her shirt and said "oh my gosh, you really got me!"
And that is the fun that is Parasol's on Saint Patrick's Day.....
Her entourage of friends was looking at her like "you're such a tramp!!!"Awesome restaurant in garden district. I had read good reviews on Yelp! and we were not disappointed! The Po boys are really good, we had a beer with them it was great.
The only thing is that you wait 20min to get served but we met some people and had a good time.So amazing! Greatest roast beef po'boy ever!!A must when you are in New Orleans. Off the beaten path and way out of the French Quarter, but truly an amazing Po Boy. The Fire Cracker Shrimp Po Boy, cheese and gravy fries, and onion rings are one of a kind. The staff seems like they are happy to see you and are proud of their food.
I guess they were featured on Diners, Dives, & Drive Ins and justifiably so. 
Really felt like I truly experienced New Orleans culture and hospitality at Parasol's.Kerri is the most awesome bartender in the world.  I think she saved my life!  This place is small but is filled with New Orleans.  If you are visiting this place early, try the kitchen.  great food and lots of it.  They have video poker machinces which I have won my bar tab on several times, and the people there are all nice.  Let Kerri make you a Mind Eraser and I promise you will have a night that you will tell your friends about!  At least the parts you remember!Do not be fooled by the hype. Our family visited this place and none of us felt it was any good.  The food is mediocre, the service is sllllooooowwww, and the place is filthy. 
The bread was decent, but, being from West LA, I would choose the bread from Bay Cities Italian Deli any day.  I was really disappointed about Po Boys.  I may have romanticized the idea too much.  I was expecting the Po Boy to have some special twist but a Po Boy is nothing more than a sandwich on French bread.  
Our family decided to go to one of the more popular Po Boy restaurants to experience an authentic Lousiana Po Boy.  We tried Parasol's signature sandwich (roast beef in gravy) and firecracker shrimp. We also ordered a catfish Po Boy, fried pickles, and onion rings.  The fried pickles and onion rings were soggy and greasy, just not good at all.  The bill came out to over $50. I think for that price the chain store Jersey Mike's does a better job and offers an assortment of sauces.  
As for the service, it was so slow that it was almost insulting.  Time is much more precious when you are a tourist.  Had we known Parasol's would take nearly an hour to make 4 sandwiches, we would not have wasted our time.  The sad part is that the restaurant was not that busy and the food we ordered was not that complex.  From the beginning everything was handled lethargically.  The gal who took our order was slowww.   She didn't even address us when we walked up.  She let us stand in front of the ordering desk while she was finishing some random comment she was making to herself.  She was taking such a long time that one of her coworkers chided her to take our order.  
The food was also very slow in coming out.  I mean, they are just making sandwiches.  There were 3 kitchen staff and the gal who takes the order.  How difficult is it to make a sandwich? Cut the bread, slab on some mayo, throw in some veggies, then put in the protein. The roast beef should already be made and the seafood cooks quickly when deep fried.  The insulting part was when we asked the gal how much longer after 40 minutes had passed and she smirked and replied "5 minutes."  My husband turned to me and said, "she has no clue" and he was right.  By that time we had decided to simply take the order "to go" but because of her representation we decided to wait it out.  However, 5 minutes turned into 10, with no food in sight.  So, we had to tell her we would HAVE TO take the food to go.  
The final reason why I do not recommend this place is because it was FILTHY.  The kitchen was filthy. The kitchen staffs' clothes were grungy (like dirt dirty not food stain dirty).  The employees moved from handling food to everything else without washing their hands.  Also, right in front of everyone, the gal mentioned above dropped the order slip for the food she had in her hand, stooped down to pick it up with her gloved (for food handling) hands and proceeded to deliver the food.  I did not see her discard the gloves.  
I am not sure if Parasol was the cause but 3 of the 5 of us felt sick to our stomach later that night.you would never know this place is here if it wasn't for yelp. this place is amazing. have only had the pulled pork po'boy but it is indeed a life changing event. mmmmmm.Never liked Roast Beef until I had this one.....
I love this place and hope the charm remains in the new spotI am a fan of the shrimp poboy...price is right and it is tasty.
I get it to go..the smokey bar atmosphere is not my cup of tea.
so yes on the shrimp poboy.
friendly dudes doing the cooking.
dude who seems to be owner manager is surly and unfriendly..and if you get
the phone number from their website it will go to the bar and that really pisses the person off who answers for some reason.This is a review of the bar and not the restaurant.  Maybe it's not fair to review a bar on St Patrick's Day, but this just happens to be the day we stopped in.  First of all solid bartenders....this place was packed and they kept things moving along at a great pace.  Added bonus, they burn their drinks!
The main issue had to do with a couple of locals.  One wanted to start a fight with another guy (much smaller) because he wanted to belly up to the bar and wasn't a local.  This went on for a few minutes until a bigger local with a very cool dog told the DBag to simmer down or man up.  Extra star for the cool local guy and cool dog.  Another dude thought it was cute to hip check the girl I was with at the bar.  He was able to do this twice until I placed myself between them. Problem solved.  Nothing brings a place down like a couple of bad drunks.
I will return to give this place another shot because I do like a good dive and all of the other positive reviews.Amazing food, great service, the perfect choice.I have lived in this city for almost 4 years and my first trip to Parasol's was last weekend on a bar crawl. This is a tragic statement. Why hadn't I turned the corner on Magazine and come down here sooner? I have been to Tracey's and underwhelmed too many times to count and I never gave this place a shot? Dude, Parasol's is so much more my speed. Situated in a house on a corner a block or two off Magazine, Parasol's has that dive bar charm paired with some delicious roast beef debris that will have me coming back for more real soon.  The kitchen and some tables are in a room separate from the dark, smoky, somewhat depressing (but oh so lovable) bar area. The kitchen staff was super friendly and those cheese fries with roast beef debris...holy droolfest Batman. This place is by no means for everyone, but a dive bar that serves this kind of tasty food is a little slice of heaven for me. Grab a beer, some debris fries (or poboy) and eat away from the smoke on a picnic table outside.I like Parasol's although admittedly, I don't go here as nearly often as I used to since Tracey's moved in and I really never eat here. 
This is a nice little neighborhood joint that serves up a good poboy. I'll usually stop in with friends at the end of the night to get a beer. It's on a dimly lit corner, so I would never go by myself and the place itself is really small, so it's not the first place I seek out when I am looking for a place to hang out. It serves it's purpose, but as I said before, I prefer Tracey's.Get the bread pudding. I cannot stress this enough. Get the bread pudding. It is so flavorful and it doesn't even have raisins it! For those whole love raisins, it has more than enough flavor to make up for it.
This is the perfect greasy dive bar. I love that you can eat in the back but still order drinks through a literal hole in the wall. I haven't had a bad drink there and they have a nice selection of local and non-locals beers on tap.
They have a really good catfish po'boy. Sometimes they have a daily special called the fiery crawfish. It's a po'boy with crawfish covered in hot sauce. It's one of my favorite po'boys in the city. They also brush their bread it what tastes like garlic butter, giving their po'boys a little extra flavor. 
The onion rings are really good. They onions are perfectly sliced and the batter does not overwhelm the onion.Great service.The food is delicious We would definitely come back for more.The only bad thing is that kids under 18 can't go into the bar area.After eating my way through NOLA this was the perfect ending. This place is a hidden gem, filled with locals and the best po boys in the city. We had the roast beef po boy which was to die. We split the large but should have split the regular. The portions here are out of control. The bread was lightly toasted, smothered in gravy and over stuffed with all the toppings. 
Trying to go out with a bang, we decided to add some gravy fries with debri and left very satisfied. After having the famous debri at Mother's I wasn't overly excited, but these were amazing. The debri was filled with tender beef and the gravy was perfectly seasoned. 
If I could go back I would definitely try the firecracker shrimp po boy. The bartender at GDB recommended this place and said we couldn't go wrong with anything on the menu, she couldn't have been anymore right.DDD says best roast poboy and they may be right. It is too messy to not have a few napkins and a fork nearby. The gravy sauce is not overwhelming, just sloppy. The bread is the best, crunchy layers on the outside and soft and chewy on the inside. The portion of thin cut beef was plenty for the size of the bread and it was served promptly. Crunchy, nice and warm- a real comfort food sandwich. Not much seating near the counter, about four small tables, but you can eat at the adjoining bar or just get it to go, but you'd better hurry home.All I have to say is Firecracker shrimp po'boy. AMAZING! The service was definitely up to par with the food, equally amazing. Five star experience.I loved this little dive. Away from the super touristy area of Nola, VERY strong cheap drinks, and chill crowd. The jukebox has almost every recorded Morrissey and Smiths album. I had two of the strongest tequila sodas of my life, danced with my friends, and met some very nice people here. Highly recommend this place if you like fun.Oh my. Best po boys myself and friends have ever eaten. Roast beef with debris(gravy) fully dressed on French bread was amazing.  And huge. Firecracker shrimp on French bread is amazing. Tons of crispy local shrimp. Fries with gravy/debris. Amazing. Onion rings.  Amazing. 
Service is casual but super friendly once they realized you weren't a French quarter tourist.  
Squirrel is hereby nominated the best bartender/server/awesome for my time in the Garden District. She's pleasant to all. But super warm once she knows you aren't a d;(k. 
Go and understand it's a neighborhood institution and don't be a Richard cranium. It ain't fancy. But the food and drinks are superb.When I first walked in all I saw was this dark bark we almost left. How are the bartender said the restaurants upstairs. Wow what great food. I had the roast beef sandwich. It came with gravy and was good I give that for starters. My daughter had the spicy Cajun shrimp sandwich. Luckily we each ate half of each other sandwich. Hers was delicious.  It was perfectly grilled shrimp with a very tasty garlic sauce.Had the roast beef PoBoy. The bread they use is so good.  Best PoBoy in the lower garden district.Firecracker shrimp po boy.  It IS that good.  The simple mention of the large beast makes me tingly inside.  Order one.  Toss back some beers with regulars and talk baseball with the barkeep.  It was not the only memorable food moment from this lovely city, but it was my best food moment linked to New Orleans.  The cost of the flight alone from San Francisco is worth a return trip to Parasol's.  I can't sing their praises enough.Wow, this place has a good Po-boy.. Probably the best roast beef Po-boy I've ever had.  Went back and tried the catfish Po-boy and it was almost as great..Onion rings are made with love too!  Washed em both down with a NOLA Blonde.Got the pulled pork sandwich, tasted good but a bit too salty. 
Heard this place is good so decided to check it out. Looks kinda fishy from the outside, kinda dirty looking and old. The bar is at the front of the restaurant, you have to pass by the bar to get to the restaurant. Once you walk in, no one is there to greet you or seat you. The workers here are not very interactive, they will not even say "welcome" or let you know you have to go to the Window to order. We figured this out after sitting for about 7 minutes waiting for our waiter. 
The short girl/guy with dreads (couldn't distinguish the gender of this person) has a very flat line personality. Does not smile, not very welcoming, does not make any suggestions, and had a very low voice. Did someone die or do all the workers have hangovers?!
If the workers had a better attitude this place would give off a way better experience for first timers =)Went in to share a firecracker and pulled pork po boy....and Abita...or ten.  The food was great but the local crowd is what made this stop.  Ended up spending an afternoon playing trivia with new friends, jukebox was taking requests and my friend ended up guest bartending, NOLA adventures to be had if you are willing to stay for awhile...good nosh, priceless memories.The food was OK. The place was totally horrible. The bar beneath the restaurant smelled so bad, and the tables were sticky...we really wanted to leave as soon as we walked into the place, but we saw some pictures of the fire cracker poboy, and we had to give it a try.
The fire cracker poboy was really good, and not very common in New Orleans. I was not a fan of the cheese and gravy fries, but I guess they were OK.
I think it is worth a try if you are not concerned about how a place looks or smelled. Even though I am used to places like this in New Orleans, for me, it did not make it. I am wondering how much I would love it if I am drunk...I might have to try that some other time...All top notch. Definitely worth the cab ride from the bourbon street area to check out. We added the firecracker sauce to the oyster po boy and it was the best. The catfish po boy was also excellent!I bought a fire cracker shrimp poboy and washed it down with an Irish coffee slushie. This place is really good.Not very family friendly. Smelled like weed. I'm really confused at the positive reviews. I ordered gumbo, wings, grilled cheese and a chicken strip basket and coke slaw. The cold slaw never made it on the order. The gumbo was cold in the middle and mostly okra so it was extra slimy. The wings weren't bad. And my kids liked the chicken strips. But the atmosphere was not family friendly. And the men's bathroom was disgusting. Someone said this was by far the best food they'd had in New Orleans but they must've not eaten anywhere else. Most of the stuff here isn't made fresh but frozen and then fried. Super disappointed.This place had great ratings on Yelp so we decided to check it out since it was close to our location.
I wasn't sure if we were in the right place or not at first. It is a total dive with an obscure entrance to the dining room portion of the restaurant. Everything is small and cramped inside. If you're looking for fine dining...this is NOT it. But if you are looking for somewhere very casual without pretense, this would be it. (example: you scoop your ice for your drinks out of an igloo cooler and you drink from plastic solo cups.)
I ordered the roast beef po-boy on the recommendation of the cashier. He didn't lie. it was fan-freaking-tastic! Also ordered a side of beer battered onion rings. Everything was absolutely delicious. 
If you are in the area and need good food...this is it.Take it from a native. .. I've eaten every poboy in the Crescent City. .. If your looming for that quintessential sloppy New Orleans Roast Beef PoBoy..... The best in our city. ...bar none!Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because my sister was excited about trying the muffuletta and we all ordered and were sitting down before they told her "oh, we're out of muffulettas."  It was 1:20 and we were the only ones there. Otherwise EXCELLENT food. Po boys overstuffed and their cheese gravy fries to die for. Highly recommend.In the heart of NOLA's Irish Channel is the the pot of gold at the end of the boozy rainbow (see what I did there? see what I did? all right then, moving on). I found Parasol's after soliciting recommendations from a native NOLA yelper who criticized Mother's po'boys. This was his recommendation.
We woke up early and instead of having breakfast, we just decided to jump straight into lunch. Thank God for yelp pictures otherwise we woulda missed the place.
We sat in the bar because we parked on Constance and totally missed the "turn the corner to get to the dining area". Which was fine, because the bar was more our pace anyway.
My husband ordered the turkey, I ordered the fried shrimp, both were fully dressed and had a side of fried pickles (aka FRICKLES and a total sign God loves us). The turkey was a turkey sandwich, good but to me nothing special. The fried shrimp was transcendent (I'm starting to over use that word). The shrimp was tender and perfectly fried and the batter coating them was seasoned perfectly so that it was spicy but the natural shrimpy sweetness came through. Even the lettuce was tasty in my sandwich. The frickles were yummy, super sour slices (I'd only had them as spears in the past) and were a tad greasy. But they were so sour and vinegary that the greasiness was kinda hidden.
Bartender was super friendly and even gave us suggestions of places to visit and make sure we saw before we left. We went on a Monday and it was full but not packed or busy. This might have had more to do with the fact that it was Monday of the Catholic Holy Week than anything else. 
Loved it and it is now a definite staple anytime we are in the city.Went there today after seeing it on Triple D. Was pretty hesitant to stay because the bar smelled so bad.  After talking to a couple people leaving who praised the food, we gathered our courage and went it.  Def meets the dive criteria!  Got the roast beef Poe boy and it was awesome! Would have given more stars if smell was not so badaaaaaaaahhhHH!!!
possibly the best po-boy in tha city, son!
Get the Pulled pork with spicy mayo and slaw and BLOW YA MIND!!!!! Toasted bread with crispy melow slaw to marry the spiciness of the mayo with the pork. GREAT flavah! Marvelous texture of the toasted bread.  One po-boy will feed two.  Be sure to grab an order of their homemade onion rings (tastes more like calimari because they are so thin and light).
Great atmosphere and friendly staff - great laid-back garden hangoutI really really really wanted this place to be great.  Unfortunately they were out of meatballs and the pulled pork was so wet it made the bread soggy before we even got it.  I also got a dirty look when I paid with my credit card. Maybe on a better day this place would be different.Amazing food!! I got the grilled turkey poboy and absolutely loved it, lots of food and a great price! If you're in the garden district hit up this spot!Hands down best tasting food I had in New Orleans - roast beef was INCREDIBLE.  Is it a dive - heck yes - use a restroom somewhere else - but holy heck that sandwich is to die for .Great firecracker shrimp poboy, the veal was amazing also!  Awesome staff, cheap drinks and cheap!  Next time I am back in NOLA I will be there first thing.So far the best roast beef poboy I have had in New Orleans. I will reserve the 5th star for when I try something else there and am trying something else, cant give 5 stars to a one trick pony. The fries with gravy were pretty amazing though. I loved the place and consider it classic New Orleans. I will be back on my next trip home.Whilst searching for a high-end restaurant , we got a bit turned around. We asked an elderly gentleman to point us in the right direction, instead this friendly local recommended we go to Parasol. What a stroke of luck! Best Po'boy ever and a huge serving of onion rings, simple, delicious food. The service was great, our waitress was a returned Katrina refugee who had stayed in my hometown for a time. She was gracious, patient and so proud of New Orleans, her passion was contagious. A must visit!This is a dive - FYI. I've been here both times I have been in New Orleans in the last 4 years and it was great both times. We had the roast beef Po-boy and the gravy and fries. 
It's a local joint, don't expect anything touristy. 
I would recommend the regular po boy not the large unless you are REALLY hungry, or want leftovers.Great roast beef poboys!!! Lots of meat, great flavor, we ordered ours dressed with Swiss and have been several times. Located in local dive bar. Come for a beer and poboys and sit at the neat old bar or order to-do. One full order of fries easily feeds two or three people. 
 There is upstairs seating but be prepared for a great dive. A few tables, water and tea to serve yourself, and a couple old TVs. Great place with less touristy flair and usually no or little line. Yum!After being introduced to Parasol's by a native, we make it a point to have a shrimp or roast beef po' boy and a few bottles of beer each time we visit New Orleans.  
The restaurant and bar are separated, and both places can get very crowded, especially during a Saints game.  
Don't think I'd eat a roast beef po' boy anywhere else.The fire cracker shrimp poboy is definitely my favorite. This is a required stop in the garden district when I visit New Orleans. The serving sizes are huge so I usually share a regular size poboy with someone else. 
While I'm waiting I normally go into the bar to get a delicious Irish coffee slush.After watching the DDD episode we had to check out Parasol's.  We ordered the roast beef po'boy and some gumbo.  Both were excellent.  Service was also great!I had not been here since before the split so while I can't compare it to the one down the road, the roast beef po-boy was just as good as I remembered.  Delish!Po Boy's are NOLA signature meal and Parasol's did not disappoint. Without a doubt one of the top in the city. 
Cool spot with an awesome atmosphere. 
It is a must when visiting NOLA.Does anyone get the feeling like the "restaurant" (back room above and behind the bar) is about to fall into the bar? 
Good and fried. Real.Good po boy's & a very laidback atmosphere.  I had the oyster po boy & while it was really good, Parkway's oyster po boy is better!  Fried pickles were excellent.
Definitely one of the best bloody mary's in the city!  
Easy to get to from the Quarter... just take the St Charles streetcar & then walk a few blocks over to Parasol's.This place is awesome. Hard to find parking and sometimes the people sitting at the bar are assholes. But the bartenders are typically fair, quick, and friendly. The food is awesome. Just be friggin nice to the people making it.  You'd be surprised how far being nice gets you.Everything I expected and a lot I didn't. It's a bar and a damn fine one. Love to be there with my friends but I'm just visiting. 
What I love about NO is that the quality of the surroundings has nothing to do with the quality of the food and, the more you enjoy the food, the more appealing the surroundings become. Thats Parasol. Don't come here expecting beautiful surroundings. Come expecting authentic NO experience, people and food.  Order a PBR, shut up and let it sink in. It's cool. 
Ok the shrimp Po boy, which is what I came here for because Guy, Bobby, Emeril or Alton told me to, was great. Flaky, crusty, crispy, soft bread with an abundance of fried shrimp was good. Paired well with a PBR.So I almost walked out of this place. Came into the bar area; smelling of dog and liquor and the bartender didn't get to me for five minutes. But when she did she pointed me upstairs to the restaurant portion. Whew, I'm glad I didn't leave! My mom and I got the firecracker shrimp poy-boy and it's the best we've have so far!Freakin' Fantastic po' boys!  I got the shrimp one with the hot sauce, so huge.  Nice crusty bread, soft in the middle, healthy helping of shrimp and lettuce, a great combination.  He ordered the oyster one.  He did add some hot sauce, he really liked it, but the oysters could've crisped up a little more.  
You should really order 1 for 2 people.  The size is ridiculous.  The bar is next door for alcoholic drinks.Seems that Parasol's has fallen somewhat from it's once lofty perch as the po-boy capital of New Orleans.  Had a shrimp po-boy couple weeks ago it was good but not great.  The cheese fries were room temperature and had appeared to be nacho cheese on top.  Whereas I never cared in the past (I like dives) because the food is not as good the dinginess seems more noticeable.4/5 community classic.
fried shrimp, dressed. not firecracker, just fried.If I'm gonna get a po boy, it's gonna be from Parasols. 
Seriously- best po boys in town. 
The service is hit or miss here, and if you are lucky enough to get Billy as a bartender, you'll have an amazing day. Cheap drinks and you don't have to wait ten minutes to get served. I bring my little dog in all the time & he meets new neighborhood friends :)A note on the biweekly Open Mic. It has now evolved into the weekly Acoustic Song Circle. 
Bring your instrument, and your favorite tunes, be it originals or cherished covers. 
Management will give one free drink and 50% off of all menu items to participants.friendly staff - wonderful food - the po'boys and bread pudding were a highlight of our NOLA trip!Hadn't been to Parasol's in a while, but it's as good as ever.  We had a tasty, really fresh shrimp poboy & our friends got the roast beef and declared it super tasty.  Plus delish fries.  Plus some of the staff still had green hair from St. Patty's day.When you see this place from the outside you really start to wonder if you should bother as it is a serious hole in the wall kinda place.  But going inside you automatically feel welcome and are promptly served an ice cold beer and are offered a menu.  We ate at the bar and enjoyed the entire experience.  Had a shrimp po boy and a roast beef to share.  The shrimp po boy was buttery, crispy and wonderful.  The roast beef was odd but really very tasty if not extremely messy.Awesome!  This place is a local spot and if your looking for that vibe and po boys...boom, this is it.  I had the shrimp po boy and my buddy had roast beef.  The roast beef is legit!!!  Had the fries and it was good, too.  Good people & good convos all around!Excellent roast beef. A top three IMO. Sliced very thin-tender and flavorful. Definitely requires a repeat trip