Food of the Gods!  Food of the Poor Boys!  Geez, go over here and go get you some fried shrimp poorboys dressed--come on Mondays and get fried oysters too!  If I lived in New Orleans, I'd be 500 pounds because I'd be here so often eating this deliciousness!Perfection on so many levels. The place has a simple service structure- you order and pay at a window, they call your name when it is done, you take your seat. All the po'boys were delicious and enjoyable down to the last bite. I got roast beef, the fiancé got surf and turf, and our friends got Reuben's and sausage. All of us were extremely happy with our choices and were raving about each bite! One of our friends had a problem with their order (they didn't make it until he asked about it) and about 10 minutes later the owner came out with a plate of fries and roast beef, apologizing for the hold up. We weren't even upset about the hold up but it just shows the level of attention and service they give. My fiancé recognized the owner from Chopped (on food network) and he spoke with is a while. Super nice and humble guy, and his dog (yes we met his dog) was awesome! A great experience that we hope to repeat every time we go to New Orleans!This is one of the best spots in Nola to grab a poy boy at. It's located about 10 minutes outside the French Quarters so I recommend taking an uber to get there. The food is fresh and the service is great. I highly recommend checking this spot out.Solid gravy fries and there fried shrimp and roast beer poboy is amazing 10/10 recommend also it's a bit of a sporty place on game day so order ahead or wait a hour for a sandwichWhat a great way to experience a Po' Boy in New Orleans! Solid food, great ambience and atmosphere, and a rich, unique history made this the perfect lunch for us before heading back to Atlanta. Highly recommend!This was the best po boy ever! I had the shrimp and it was BURSTING with shrimp! The food was hot and delicious. Take the time and the drive. You won't be disappointed!!!On y mange des Fried oyster po'boys. Et Obama aussi.One of the best Po Boy places in town. But be prepared for a wait. When you are this popular you have to expect this. The french fry po-boy is killer. It is by far the best in town. Hell all of their sandwiches are excellent. This is old time New Orleans eating .... nothing fancy just good home cooking in a relaxed, laid back atmosphere.This place is off the beaten path, but well worth the venture there. From the French Quarter it is a short trolley ride and walk from Canal St. This is a must stop for the Po Boy sandwiches. Definitely consider splitting the sandwich unless you're very hungry. Julianna and I split the fried shrimp and brisket. It was excellent.The best Shrimp Po Boy I have ever eaten...the staff was very friendly especially Ashton and Harold...it was my first time visiting from L.A. they made sure I placed my order quickly and provided options based upon their favorite Po Boy...I plan on going each time I'm in New Orleans!!!Love Parkway, however, I think they can be too busy and cannot always produce the highest quality food under such rush conditions. The fried shrimp were a bit over breaded today, which surprised the heck out of me. Still love the crap out of Parkway, and will go back again and again.It's a damn shame that I'm from New Orleans and never been here. But my sister and I saw it on travel channel and decided to try it out. We both had shrimp PO-Boys, prolly the best one I've ever hadGreat po-boy at a very unique place. They line was long  but it moved quickly. There is a good assortment of po-boys to get, I got a shrimp po-boy and french fries with  cheese and roast beef debris and gravy. There was a funeral service going on there for a guinea pig, RIP Ralphie A. Mclvor. It is a really good po-boy at a decent price and there is a bar there and lots of interesting things to look at on the wall.A regular shrimp poor boy will fill you up without even getting fries. It's soooooo good. I can't even. I ordered one to-go.
Best to avoid the line by coming here early when they open. But if you sleep in and see a line as you walk in the door, do not be intimidated: the line moves fast and you're welcomed with friendly service.A friend and I stopped in here on our first night in New Orleans. Enjoyed the shrimp po boy, but really liked the bread pudding! We ate inside, but there's plenty of outdoor seating too. It was a fun first stop after the hotel!Every time I have been here it is fantastic. Get the debris or oyster poboy. It's worth the wait.Best shrimp Po'boy hands down and big enough to share with someone!!! Try the fries with Tracey and pepper jack!! Yum!!quite possibly my fave spot in NOLA. good happy hour prices and you can order food at the bar. tried most all the poboys here and none have disappointed. by far fave is the oyster baby maker, but also the fried shrimp. Yum!Everytime I come to NOLA i try my best to make it over here to have a shrimp po boy. we learned about this place the the app urban spoon. I like this place because its away from the touristy attractions, and the prices aren't inflated. I came here with my family we all ordered different po boys, oyster, shrimp, catfish and debris and nibbled off each others. Quite good! We mingled with the workers and had a nice meal. I really liked the vintage Woolworth sign that had in there.
Overall: Nice experience, will returnThis review is long overdue but There Po' Boy is LEGIT!  My boyfriend told  me about this place when I went new Orleans for the first time so I held from eating po boys from anywhere else! The bread was soo soft and shrimps were so good! I bought 2 more po' boys to take with me on the plane ride back home. Glad I did bc my fly was delayed and missed my connecting flight. I can't wait to go back!One of the best poboys I've ever had.  Go early, e.g. 11:00 am, and sit in the bar, they will wait on you.  Pleasant surprise was thay had the new Dixie beer on tap, very good.  Also unexpected was the potato salad, awesome.  Wish I lived closer, I'd be there twice a week. This is New Orleans like it ought to be, enjoy it.The best poor boys (not po boys) we had on our recent trip to NOLA. The fried shrimp and roast beef are excellent. Be sure to grab extra mayo, a side of remoulade, a handful of lemon wedges, some hot sauce and EXTRA napkins. You're going to need them!The chicken breast po boy was rich in flavor and the staff were down to earth kind of people. In fact, I liked Parkway so much I brought my wife there just a few hours after I was there so she could give them a try while we were in New Orleans for the weekend. One of the guys at the food counter noticed I was there twice in one day and gave me a free side of french fries. That was rare and very much appreciated. I'd also like to comment that the french bread I had my po boy on was fresh and very tasty too!
If you are looking for a tasty lunch this is a great place to do just that.Found this gem after a google search of "sandwiches New Orleans" and oh what a find! This po'boy made me feel like a rich girl.
I usually order catfish po'boys wherever I go, but the hot roast beef and gravy that was fittingly placed at the top of the menu enticed me and really hit the mark. The bread was crispy and crusty but tender on the inside and held up nicely to the gravy and 25 abused napkins later, I was more than satisfied. I snuck a bit of my friend's catfish, an equal success. 
The staff was friendly and attentive, always a plus! Parkway Bakery and Tavern should make a sampler platter because I want to try them all, all the time.The surf and turf is Ok . Wish we only got the shrimp po boy. The shrimp were juicy and had a great resistance.  Fresh and perfectly cooked. The beef was good but overshadowed the shrimp.  It was a bit too soft and watery.
But the star of the meal was the catfish sandwich.  The fish was super clean and creamy.
Very low key casual ambiance.  Outside seating available.This was our first time at Parkway, we were a little unsure of the ordering process but a very friendly/awesome employee, Ronica, approached us and helped us. Service was 5 stars. We ordered the surf and turf and the Reuben and they were great! Definitely coming back for more.We found out this is the place The Obamas like to have poboys while visiting New Orleans so we decided it was worth a try. It's a small hole in the wall type place but those are typically the best! You order and pay for your food, they take your name and call it out for you to pick it up from the counter when it's ready. I ordered the fried shrimp po boy and my husband ordered the catfish po boy with fries and fried pickles. The shrimp in my po boy was plentiful and overflowing just how I like it! The shrimp tasted fresh and was flavorful and seasoned just right. The only thing that was disappointing about the  po boy was that the bread was a little tough and difficult to bite at times. My husband really liked his catfish po boy but it didn't seem to have as much fish as mine had shrimp. The fries were piping hot and good and the fried pickles were delicious! Our meal was around $28, we also ordered one drink. The owner came out and chatted with us and recommended a place nearby that had a great frozen margarita (Juans Flying Tacos). He was very friendly and hospitable. All in all it was a good experience, but they should def look into getting better bread.I hunted these guys down on a couple 'best of' sites because I wanted my first shrimp PoBoy ever to be a pure expression of the local classic. It did not disappoint. You can dress your sandwich up left right and sideways and the whole menu looks delicious. 
The shrimp was lightly fried... Golden crispy perfection, on equally impressive bread. Dressed with lettuce, tomato, pickles and mayo I really think I hit the jackpot here. Not rushed, nice and cool, with options to eat inside at a table, at the bar, or on the patio, love the options.
Happy hour from 3-7 is Wild, and local Abita beers are $3, so I'm on cloud nine.
Located north of the touristy stuff it's a pleasant reprieve from the smells and sounds of stumbly bumbly crowds on bourbon street - and easy enough to dive back in when you're full and ready for round 2.Was recommended to visit here by my Uber driver and what made it even better is that it's a place filled with history, in a residential area and has amazing food and drinks. Arrived and stood in a line for maybe 10-15 mins, ordered my food then waited patiently in the bar area sipping a hurricane waiting for my order. I chose to get the shrimp Po boy and it did not disappoint. I got the large size which I split with my boyfriend. It had sooooo much shrimp and the right proportion of lettuce, tomato and mayo! The fries were okay, but the po boy was obviously the star and boy did it shine through. The hurricane was also a great price and was probably one of the best I had while in Nola. I will def visit here again and again!I was in a quest to find the most authentic po boy and my conclusion is this place, not the ones in the French Quarter. Once I stepped foot into this place, I was intrigued on what it had to offer. I got the roasted beef with gravy because apparently the restaurant got an award for this one, and it was delicious and oh so succulent. Could barely finish the regular sized one. I also got the banana pudding with the Manila crackers..and it was very heavenly..but probably not a good idea if you are on a diet..also there is plenty of seating area.Totally worth the wait. After about 30 minutes in line a friend and I ordered the large surf n turf poorboy and the gumbo.
Oh boy - the large is freaking huge. We could have split the regular sandwich between the two of us. The meat on the sandwich was tender and cooked to perfection with a generous ladle of the gravy on the sandwich. The shrimp had a great crunchy coating on it. The bread held everything together without falling apart. Would happily eat this sandwich every day if I lived close by.
The gumbo was also amazing. Huge portions of turkey and alligator sausage were in the gumbo and it was full of flavor. Again a HUGE win! 
Our group left in a food coma and it held us over for about 12 hours. Delicious and highly recommend.Food was awesome. My friends and I were lucky to get some seats at the bar, which has a better vibe than the dining area in my opinion. That also meant we didn't have to stand in the ridiculously long line to order!I really didn't understand the hype of these po' boys. I had the fried shrimp one with chili fries on the side. Neither blew me away. I'm still stumped on why it's the "best po' boy" in Louisiana. Try to avoid going during peak lunch hours as it gets crazy packed.After hearing how wonderful Parkway is, I couldn't wait to go there. Was very disappointed with the Roast Beef Poor Boy! It was like a sloppy joe/gravy mess, hardly any beef at all in it. It was later in the day, so I was guessing they just ran out (?). Insult to injury-the bread was stale. Want to give it another try, but there are so many other shops in the city, it's hard to think about going back. Meh.Don't think about it, just go...... right now!!!! Historic, friendly, delicious, close to city park, a true new Orleans gem. And there is plenty of parking. The gumbo was the best I have eaten in the city. The shrimp poorboy is perfect.In town for the holiday and everyone from our taxi driver to the locals in the city recommended this place. And now I know why. Best po boys in the city! The line gets long but service is prompt. Very friendly staff and great food. Large portions too!My favorite poboy place in town. They also make fresh banana pudding that is to die for.First time eating a poboy and I was pretty satisfied. Great service and prices. Portion size was great!Dude, eat here. 
The bread is perfectly chewy with great flavor and made in house. 
The shrimp po-boy is excellent. I felt sad when eating it since I didn't want it to go away. 
Sweet potato fries with ketchup are a perfect pair, and for a light lunch, split a large with a fry with someone. If you have time for an afternoon nap, eat a full-sized one for a coma-inducing meal. 
Counter service is pretty damn surly, so just ignore and be on your merry way. For faster service, sit at the bar. Someone noted that you can order at the bar but sit outside still- if you do so, make sure to tip the bar and its waitress still! 
Plenty of parking in the lot and on the street. 
Eat here. We didn't say a word to each other during the meal once we picked our food up. Come here to enjoy one of NOLA's incredible po boy gems!It's a Parkway po Boy, fully dressed!  Yes M'aam!Amazing poboy....  Lines are always long but it is possible to call in and pick up.  French fry poboy is amazing!  The gravy and roast beef has an awesome flavor that's out of this world.Delicious po'boy! The wait was 1 hour, but well worth it. Got the roast beef po'boy and my husband got the Reuben and loved it. Yummy!Definitely a must for a trip to New Orleans - their roast beef poboy is a delicious messy lunch. That being said, if you're a local, this place ranks pretty far down the list. It's over priced, always crowded, and they constantly screw up orders (probably because of they're overwhelmed with orders). Not terrible, just not as good as everyone thinks.Lots of hype about this place. The roast beef po boy is a hot mess.  Can't be picked up, required more than the plastic fork and knife provided. Good assortment of beers. The MUST TRY item is their fried pickles. If their computer goes down like most places, everything shuts down all together. The service is very friendly. All in all I say, been there, done that.I've heard of place from friends and the t.v but every time I come to NO I'm never able to make It, but this time I finally was able to sneak away and try this place for myself. It was a quick and easy drive from downtown and they also have this huge parking lot which was great since street parking is a nightmare out here. Besides the food, they do have a full bar on the other side of the restaurant which is nice.
Now the line was pretty long since It was Friday and there were a lot of people in town for the Clemson and Bama game. I waited about 30 minutes before I was able to order and maybe another 10 for the food. The wait was long but they did have water and heaters around to make It a little more comfortable.
Now for food.. for $25 I ordered a large shrimp po boy with sweet potato fries. The po boy is a foot long filled high with fried shrimp and the order of fries were plentiful. Now even with the po boy fully dressed (tomato, pickles, lettuce, & mayo) It was really dry so I had to get up and get a side of tartar sauce. Now after I sauced It up, no boost, this was the best po boy I've had. The breading on the shrimp was flavorful, the bread had a perfect crispy-ness to It but was still soft, and that tartar sauce was amazing. The sweet potato fries were ehhh bc I was wanting them to be sweeter (you live and learn).
Overall I would definitely come back here, I would probably come on a weekday when It isn't so busy but the food was worth the wait.Do it! Make the trek out here from the French quarter and have some po boys!! We had the shrimp, catfish, and roast beef po boys. All were delicious but my favorites were probably the seafood. Also, don't forget to pick up a piece of rum cake for an alcoholic bite of dessert.Holy smokes, y'all. THE SURF AND TURF PO BOY??? now that's about as good as it gets. Freshly battered and fried shrimp, thick, juicy roast beef on soft, delicious french bread?? I am salvating just thinking about it.
The service is fantastic, quick and friendly. I even got loads of compliments on how nice I looked (i tend to over dress haha) and was asked to do a 'twirl' for the bar. Fun times and deLISH chow.We went to Parkway during Final Four weekend so needless to say, there was a bit of a line. We got through the line and to the order counter where we both had to with the Surf N Turf Po Boy. This was my first Po Boy and Wow! The Surf N Turf is homemade roast beef and gravy with fried shrimp and let me tell you, the gravy shrimp combo. Great! Came back the next day and got the same thing. Plus we added the french fries WITH THE GRAVY! Great place and will be stopping back in our next time to NOLA.Since my first bite, Parkway has implanted itself upon my appetite, and taken over like a ravenous vine.  I have what some would call, The Hunger.  Once you get a bite of that delicious, delicious Parkway Poboy, you can never get it out of your head.  Nothing can satisfy the hunger except for more Parkway.  
You'll find yourself sitting in your favorite Fine Dining establishment, and the service will be good and the food will be good, but in the back of your mind, you'll be thinking, I could have gotten a parkway poboy for every day of the week for what I just spent; and I would have been much more happy with it, too.
Here's the bottom line: Parkway is as good as everyone says, maybe better because they have so many different poboys.  There is, without a doubt in my mind, a poboy for everybody.  The value of a regular poboy is great, and the large poboys, undeniable.  They know how good their food is, and yet they're completely unpretentious and laid back.  Get a drink if you want, sit outside if you want, take the poboy to go and eat it at your leisure.  It's just a darn good product without any baggage and rules like what you find in a Restaurant.  In fact, eating at Parkway is more like eating at a friend's house.
New Orleans needs it's high-brow, fine dining restaurants, don't get me wrong.  But it also needs its low-brow, no BS, just-good-food places, to keep everyone in check, and Parkway is the epitome of that.  The best food, and lots of it, for cheap!  Be warned, if you go, you will begin to measure all other restaurants against what you could have gotten at Parkway.  
God rests on Tuesdays.I decided to walk to The Parkway Tavern for lunch, and as far as their food is concerned-- I was definitely impressed. The Parkway Bakery was founded in 1911, so they've had plenty of time to invent the perfect recipe for the Po-boy. They bake their own bread here and serve your Po-boy in a fresh loaf. Even the vegetarian Po-boys are good, but there are too many good choices here to be wasting time with vegetarian stuff. I'm definitely going to return for the Alligator Sausage Link Po-boy. 
The bar is probably the best feature of the tavern, and as long as you sit at the bar, you're going to have extremely quick service. The outside patio kind of reminds me of a homeless food shelter for some reason, but maybe that's just me. The bartender girl was a sweetheart here. I hear they have a no facial hair policy here as far as employees go, and in all honestly-- it's incredibly lame! What are they... The New York Yankees? So I sort of boycott this place, but at the same time, it's difficult not to pop in every now and then for a good Po-boy with fresh French bread made at the in-house bakery.Very good Po Boy. Had the half and half, catfish and shrimp. It was great, both halves.  On par with Domicile's which is the best Po Boy I've ever had.  Like the sauce better at Domicile's but the bread here was the best.Perfection!! 
I may be a little biased since I live in the neighborhood, but I'm going to put my "best po'boy" vote in for Parkway.  I actually have to limit how many times a month I visit... Whether you like fried shrimp, roast beef, or both (the surf n turf), this place consistently turns out the best in the city.  Sit at the bar, have a cold Abita, and prepare to be amazed!  I've heard a couple people say they don't like the bread, but I honestly can't figure out why.  Seriously good food and a place I take anyone who visits from out of town...It wouldn't be fair to say they're the best po boy in town without trying every other place in town, BUT honestly I don't want to take a chance. We were in town for a weekend and ate here TWICE. We also happened to sit in the same spot inside the bar area! Both times, the two of us split a large. 
Surf and turf (roast beef + shrimp) is the way to go, but if you happen to swing by on a Monday or Wednesday, oyster is IT.
Happy hour isn't a terrible time to swing by and sit at the bar and enjoy a po boy. Discounted drinks, delicious food. I'm sold.So, after trying both Parkway and Domilise, the winner of best poor boy is Domilise's, hands down! I'm not sure what all the Parkway hype is about, but Domilise has better seafood, bread, sauce and selection. 
The wife and I had the Surf N' Turf and Shrimp Po-Boys at parkway. Flavor was good but not much better than any other Po-Boy in NOLA. 
At Domilise we split a Shrimp & Oyster Po-Boy because their Po-Boys are twice the size of Parkway's. It was AMAZING. Best Po-Boy, no, BEST SANDWICH EVER! My wife described the oysters best when saying that they melt-in-your-mouth. The slightly spicy sauce compliments them very well. The bread is also great and perfectly toasted. Be sure to order your Po-Boy fully dressed for extra flavor.Amazing!!!! Roast beef poboy an hotdog poboy!! Get the Bree's fries!!! We sat at the bar and they were so helpful!! Can't wait to return!We had quite a lot of poboys during our trip. My husband insisted to try oyster poboys at nearly every restaurant we dined at. By the time we made it to Parkway, I was up to my neck in oyster poboys. But nonetheless, he was on a mission and I can't turn down fried anything to save my life. 
This was place tied for 1st place. Their large poboy is big enough to feed 3 people for sure! I ate all that I could and I only got through half of my half. It was STUFFED to the rim with fried oysters. Heaven...The surf and turf poboy is the best thing on the menu! Tender roast beef and succulent shrimp of fresh toasty French bread.I'm sure I just got the wrong thing (roast beef and gravy po' boy) but I wasn't a huge fan of this. Probably if you already love po' boys this will be great for you. If you've never had a po' boy, this is apparently the best place in town to get one, but I personally wasn't converted.Been there twice only, first time I sat at the bar and had a PO boy which was awesome. Second time I was craving for a PO Boy got there I sat on a table close enough to the bar but I just sat there for twenty minutes the waiters saw me but nobody helped me. I know it was kind of late I got there around 9:30pm but nobody was kind enough to even tell me if the kitchen was closed which would of been comprehensible, so I just left.Every time I come in town which is like every month to see the BFF...I have to stop by here to get my favorite shrimp Po'Boy. 
It gets crazy busy here during lunch and dinner but it is definitely worth it! Most of the time it comes over flowing with fried shrimp! So so good! By far the best fried shrimp Po'Boy I've ever had!Greattttttt place!
I'm a Nola native.
Superb food, cold beer, but you'll have to put up with lost looking tourists here.
Bartender Mike is great help!
We'll be back.
We had the Ruben Po boy, oyster Po boy, debris fries, cold Stella beer.I asked some locals where to eat in New Orleans. I was told that Parkway Bakery and Tavern was the place to go. I was confused at first because I clearly asked where I could get some delicious poor boys, and here I was being directed to a bakery. I was assured that they served poor boys, and a quick look at the website confirmed that. 
After sitting in nearly an hour of traffic coming from Marrero (normally a 17 minute drive, ouch), I came across a huge sign that proclaimed I had arrived at Parkway Bakery and Tavern. There was ample parking in the back. I walked around the building and the vacant house next door to get to the front, and entered through the patio as that seemed to be the main entrance. 
I was unsure whether I should seat myself or order at the counter first. The menu states "tavern full service" and "dining room self service," so I proceeded to the counter. I ordered the golden fried shrimp po' boy. $8.10 for the regular, $11.65 for the large. At 12 inches, the large is twice the size of the regular, so I obviously ordered the large (I'm big on price and stuff... Yeah). I asked for it dressed (lettuce, tomato, pickles, and mayo) but light on the mayo. 
My poor boy came out very quickly, and it was nice and warm. I took a few bites, thinking it was kind of dry, and then I realized there was a small condiment stand where I could douse my poor boy with sauce. I took little cups of creole mustard, honey mustard, horseradish, mayo, and tartar sauce. Ketchup and hot sauce were available on the tables. I liked the mayo and honey mustard on the poor boy. The others were just ok, with the exception of the hot sauce, which I didn't try. 
The shrimp was fried to perfection, and there was a perfect amount of lettuce, tomato, and pickles. The mayo was sparse, but that was my own fault for not knowing better. I ended up eating probably the recommended amount of mayo (or more) anyway. I couldn't finish the entire thing, so now I have a few bites left for a late night snack. 
The decor here is casual and laid back. Paintings, pictures, t-shirts, and assorted knickknacks adorn the walls. The employees are friendly, occasionally coming by to check if everything is alright. There are tables indoors, on the patio, and in the tavern area. Happy hour is from 3-7pm, which I would partake in if not for my 30 minute drive back to Avondale. 
The only complaint I had was that the bread was a little bit tough, so it was hard for me to bite off completely. It got a little messy with me wrestling with the sandwich, causing me to get poor boy on my arm, on the table, etc. I also licked my fingers a lot on account of the sauces. Be sure to keep the napkins close by!Unique New Orleans with charm and good food. Fish poboy was lacking on fish, but the shrimp was spot on. Lots of shrimp.great improvements to exterior seating area - poboys are always the same -some folks swear by them - reliable place to send out of towners for a true Nawlins experience.Oh my gosh. Best Po Boys I've ever had. At a restaurant that has been around since 1911, they offer a variety of Po Boys that have, turkey, roast beef and shrimp. I recommend the shrimp. The portion is more than generous and you should only get the half-size, unless you are ESPECIALLY hungry.Amazing. I had the beef po-boy and my mouth is watering just thinking about it. Seriously GO HERE!Two recent trips to Parkway, and they didn't let me down. When I go to Parkway solo, I sit at the bar. On the first trip, I sat directly at the bar, ordered a BBQ-beef po-boy (regular size) and an order of potato salad. The BBQ beef is not as sloppy as the brown-gravy-roast-beef sandwich, but it's just as good. Great change of pace.
The second trip, the bar seating was full, so I grabbed one of the high-top tables around the wall. Service at the side tables is iffy, because the bartenders have to come out from their regular stations to wait on you. Get the wrong bartender, things won't move very quickly. 
My regular roast beef was the sloppy goodness that Parkway delivers. Good sandwich!Whoa! Unbelievable sandwich with the staff to boot! Shrimp poor boy was delicious. Zapp's chips. And a beer. The atmosphere was a delight, bustling on a Sunday with the Saints game on the tv. Worth the drive from Portland, OR.5 stars for service!! Lady knew I couldn't eat two sandwiches if I wanted to continue on my Nola food crawl, so she let me try a sample of roast beef while I ordered the shrimp po boy. So nice and unexpected!! Thank you!!!
The highlight of my groups meal were the sauce bar (tartar sauce (light and delicious!!), remoulade sauce, cocktail sauce, ketchup, creole mustard, etc), the fried pickles (Nola's pickles seem to be much sweeter than everywhere else), and the fried catfish poboy. We are split on the shrimp po boy and the surf and turf. On one hand we realize that the traditional po boy style originated from New Orleans, but the batter is less seasoned, roast beef was not as flavorful, and the bread is harder than what we usually would like in any sandwich. What puts this place over others is their service and the fact that Obama prefers his po boys from here. Happy travels!!Great consistent poboys! Hot sausage is my favorite, but everything is good. Can't go wrong with Parkway.Stumble to this place on 4th of July. Glad they were open. I had large shrimp poor boy and share it with my husband. We also got a home made bread pudding with rum. That's a must get.Best place in the city to sit down at the bar for a beer and a huge poboy. My boyfriend and I frequent Parkway and will go out of our way just to eat here.i really wanted to love this place. I really did. But the po boy didn't hit home for me. The flavors didnt pop. The shrimp was ok. the bread was a bit chewy. Overall, a decent but forgettable experience. I know my other friends loved theirs, but I cant say I love this place.Great po-boys and gumbo. Roast beef, shrimp, sausage, Italian sausage, reuben, oyster(seasonal and special days) just to name a few. The atmosphere is very New Orleans and the people working here are helpful and friendly. Can get crowded but they do have outdoor seating. When there is a crowd, the order line can get long and the wait for food can be extended as well. The order/pickup areas are self-serve, a line for buying food and then a line for pick-up (name called over intercom). If you have a small party of three or less and a bar table is open you can order and get served by the bar waitress. Also note that the order of fries is enough for three or four people. Enjoy!Best po-boys in town.  My favorite is the roast beef.  The burger on french bread is also fantastic.  There is outside dining and full service at the bar.This place was busy, busy on a Sunday afternoon, yet we were able to order within about 10 minutes. There is also a huge parking lot, so no need to worry about that if you are driving.  You order, give your name, pick up your food and seat yourself.  I had the roast beef po-boy and my husband had the alligator sausage link po-boy. They were both outstanding!  The fresh bread was out of this world good!! I really loved looking at all of the pieces of nostalgia on the walls.  Overall, this place gives me the warm and fuzzies and I can't wait to go back next time we come down to NOLA.Hands down the best shrimp and catfish po-boys in the city. You don't have to wait forever (like at Mahony's) and they always come out hot and tasty.
The sweet potato fries are delicious as a side item.
You can order at the bar or go to the back. The line is worth it and moves very quickly. If you're going to get a po-boy in this city, it should come from Parkway.Proud to give the 500th review... This apparently is where the locals get their poboys.. Ordered their staple roast beef... An oyster and a turkey for the flight back to NY... They were kind enough to put the "dress" on the side so not to get all soggy...
I scarfed down the oyster PoBoy immediately.. Fresh oysters fried crispy outside and plump and juicy inside... Fan-freaking tactic!
TheBEST PO' BOY !!!!!! Really researched where to get my po' boy and this place was everything it said it was times a million. Atmosphere was bomb. Food was beyond bomb. People there were so helpful and let me try 3 different kinds. Roast beef was juicy and yummy !!! Everyone NEEDS TO GO HERE ! Came here the last weekend in January. Best time ! So quiet and peaceful.Holy fried shrimp!! Sandwich was huge and over flowing with shrimp! I will eat here every trip I take to NOLA.Wow...I can't say that I've been blown away by a sandwich spot in my life until I ate at Parkway. While I'm sure there are probably a lot of sandwich shops that may be up to Parkway's caliber, for now I will say that Parkway has has THE BEST sandwich I had an opportunity to consume.
When I came here on a warm, January afternoon, the line was LONG. It was intimidating long. I was somewhat bummed by that but the abita amber ale I bought while I waited in line helped ease the wait. When I finally got to the front (which took about 20 min.), I couldn't really decide on what to get (especially since this was my first time having po'boys)  so I bought a 1 small roast beef w/ gravy and 1 golden fried shrimp. 
The aroma of each of the po'boys was MOUTHWATERING! I couldn't wait to sink my teeth in them. Now, I'm not much of a meat eater, but that roast beef with gravy might make a vegetarian convert to becoming carnivorous. The meat was so soft and the gravy was just a great compliment to the whole sandwich. The fried shrimp was made to perfection! The size of the shrimp was not too small and not too big, the breading was perfect and not too much of it and it was deliciously crispy! Top the po'boys with some Tabasco sauce and BAM! Deliciousness at it's greatest. :)
Prior to my arrival to Parkway, I really didn't think I was going to be this impressed by a sandwich. The wait was definitely worth it and I didn't wait too long after I ordered to devour these sandwiches. Dining out in their picnic style tables added a nice, touch to my experience here. If I had room in my belly, I'd definitely add those yummy Zapp's chips, some sweet potato fries and dessert...but those two sandwiches were already enough to put me into a food coma.I was born and raised on po-boys from Charlie's in Lakeview (RIP) but Parkway quickly moved up the ranks when I moved back home after being away for 12 years. The poboys are huge, seasoned perfectly and taste delicious. There's nothing better than sitting at the bar with an Abita, a poboy and Zapp's potato chips. So New Orleans! I'm loyal to the fried shrimp and roast beef poboys, dressed of course, but the caprese, oyster, and catfish poboys are just as good. The potato salad is spot on, and those cheese fries with gravy? Yum. There is usually a line, but they are very efficient. I'm excited to see the expansion! A welcomed addition!Best place for Po-Boys in the city. Can be crowded on days when you think a Po-Boy would be heaven, which seems to be a collective consciousness thing.Alligator gave his life to make the best smoked sausage po boy EVER! Home made banana pudding to honor the memory of that gator !Hyped-up. Hype deserved. 
HUGE outdoor seating area, friendly bar, AND amazing roast beef. The surf and turf (shrimp and roast beef) is phenom. The bread is so crispy yet soft, it compliments the juicy roast beef tremendously. Also got a straight up roast beef which I added swiss to. I'm patting myself on the back for that stroke of genius. Who woulda thought, roast beef and swiss cheese?! What an odd combo. Mensa material here. All joking aside, it really helped to balance the meaty flavor of that roast beef. 
I really wish they made some gravy fries with this roast beef and cooked down pan drippings over french fries like Nick's does up here in Philly. I dare say I think it would be better.The most amazing po-boy on the planet. Hands down. Try the shrimp and roast beef with gravy! The bread, the shrimp, the service....I could go on but I won't! DO NOT MISS THIS ONE!!!!!Best poboys I have ever had.  I've only had them in New Orleans but of all the ones I've tried in the area, I like it here the best :)Best po boy I have ever eaten. Period. I tried the alligator sausage link po boy which was pretty tasty, but I am just such a fan of the classic shrimp. I added fresh cheddar cheese to my sandwich and the fresh French bread was amazing.  The portion sizes are very filling and they have some pretty good rum cake even though my boyfriend says the first time he came the cake had a stronger rum taste than when I went.Parkway does it right.  They are well known so it can get very busy but grab a drink from the bar and wait it out!  I almost always get the fried shrimp poboy.  It just can't be beat.  
Don't forget the condiments! There is a condiments cooler near the soda machine.  
Also, the bar is seat yourself with table service. If the line is long, pop in the bar and look for an open seat, you'll often get lucky.If this establishment were to have any other name, it should be The Po-Boy Machine.  The place is always packed.  I'm not even sure if there's a slow period to come here if you're in a hurry.  You can get just about any type of popular po-boy here.  Very good stuff.  The people, the service, and the food are all high quality.  Right now, my po-boy of choice is the fried shrimp.Parkway has the best shrimp po-boy in the city in my opinion.  The bread is fresh and the shrimp are crispy and plump, with just the right  amount of seasoning in the batter.  I went here on the recommendation from a friend for a place to eat before a Hornets game.  I ate here before it was on TV losing to a place across town because that place makes their shrimp po-boy with ketchup already on it.  Parkway lets you decide how much ketchup to put on it.  I've been jonesing for a surf and turf, but haven't made it yet.  One day Parkway, one day.Good Po'Boys, good Gumbo, good Sweet Potato Fries.  It's out of the way for a tourist, but if you have a car, it's worth the trip. 
It can be a bit confusing, because you walk into a bar and you don't know where to go.  Well, I'll tell you: go all the way through to the back, which is actually in a 3 season room.  That's where you get in line to order.  Line moves fast.  Orders take about 10-15 min to complete.  
Note: it's near City Park, so you could do a tour of the sculpture garden and then stop here for lunch.I agree with Susan W. New Orleanians are passionate about their favorite poboy place. I never thought of trying Parkway until I saw the massive check ins. 
As I entered Parkway, I got the vibe that families love to come here on Saturday afternoon.I noticed there was a man on a micrphone calling names. I was like whoa, this is the business. I went out back and saw the line. I nearly dropped to the ground, but sucked it up and waited. There were picnic tables with people planning to sink their teeth into a juicy poboy. I ordered the grilled chicken poboy. I was highly debating between the chicken or smoked turkey. I reaaly enjoyed eating my po'boy at the bar with a cold coke and french fries.
Dearest Yelp, 
 I plan on going back, prepared for a long line.Worth the drive outside the French Quarter for amazing poor boys. Crusty bread, generous portions, condiment bar, and ample patio seating with great drink specials and TVs displaying sports. Bar up front is full service but the back has order and pickup counter to get your poor boy sandwiches. Grab your drinks and some utensils, peruse their condiment bar and load up on jalapeños and cocktail sauce, find a seat, and wait for your name to be called. Sandwiches can be ordered in whole or half size. We opted for the whole shrimp and the fried shrimp was spilling out of the sandwich. Seriously the best poor boys I've ever had.this beautiful establishment is responsible for serving me the BEST sandwich i have ever eaten so far in life: the roast beef with gravy po boy. it was very messy and ridiculously delicious. i had been a vegetarian for a long time until recently and still find it hard to eat lots of beef at once, but oh man, did i go to TOWN on this sandwich. i wasn't even hungry when i ate it, and i wanted another one right after; i felt like a possessed person. 
the roast beef tastes like it has been roasting for days (so tenderrrrr), and the gravy is so flavorful and not super thick-with-flour like i hate. the mayo probably isn't necessary but whatever. i also tried my friend's catfish po boy and that was great too. 
service was fast at 9 pm on a tuesday and the place has a cool atmosphere, tons of space. 
i am definitely coming to parkway once a day every time i'm in new orleansI'm a native New Orleanian so when I say the shrimp po' boy is awesome, it's awesome!Worth the wait in line (and don't worry it moves quickly).  Like everyone else has said the po-boy are amazing.  We also had the potato salad and bread pudding.  Again amazing, traditional flavor and both were enough to share.Ha. Finally tried a Parkway po boy. After almost a year of being in the city. Fitting that this is my 100th review on Yelp? :)
This was my friends' last meal before heading back to the Twin Cities and they really wanted po boys. At first I was thinking maybe Domilise's because they had said they wanted shrimp po boys, but it was Sunday and they were closed. So was Mahony's. And then it occurred to me, "Why didn't I think of Parkway from the very beginning?" So I drove to Mid City with a car full of people who were hungry for po boys.
There were five of us and we ordered four different sandwiches. K and T got the shrimp, Z the surf & turf, L the pastrami, and I got the catfish. L and I had shared a shrimp po boy from Verti Marte the other night, and L said that the shrimp was better at Verti Marte. I do like the large, plump shrimp they use at Verti Marte, but I am such a sucker for the bread at Parkway. My catfish was good, but I was pleasantly surprised by the pastrami. I never would have thought to order a pastrami po boy on my own, but now that I've tried it and liked it, I might get it in the future. Z seemed to enjoy his surf & turf. I tried the roast beef from his sandwich. It was good, but like I said in another po boy review, I don't think I am a fan of the roast beef po boy.
Oh and L also ordered chili fries, which were amazing.
It was great to be able to pay for our own food (with the option to pay by credit card) without worrying about splitting checks or having enough cash. Yay for Parkway!How oh how will I ever eat another Po' Boy from anyplace else?  This is the cats pajamas!.. Great Atmosphere.. and the worlds best Po' Boys!.. Gotta get the fries with a side o' gravy and grab a bag a Zapps chips too!!  I split a Shrimp and Oyster and a Beef with a friend .. impossible to leave here hungry or let down!  Just plain ole YUMMMmmmmmm!We happen to stumble upon this gem! Ordered the Roast beef sandwiches and it was fantastic! I loved every bite I was able to get. My family kept stealing bites. Definitely will recommend and come backA nice slice of history here. Would recommend! Po-boys tasted as good as expected.During my recent visit back home, I visited and ordered the roast beef poboy.  Despite all the positive reviews, I found my sandwich to be mushy, tasteless mess.  I ordered a large sandwich and shared with family members. None of us finished our portions.  
I'm chalking my dining experience up to the kitchen having a bad day since my experience so different from the vast majority of reviewers. I won't rush to eat there next time though.  There's plenty of other places out there.Iron Chef Justin runs the best po boy shop. This place is famous for the roast beef, but one can't go wrong with any order.Best po'boys, great local atmosphere, Definitely a place to get away to for a relaxing bite.A five star shrimp poor boy! Huge portion. Just got mine without tomato. 
Also got a pineapple margarita which was far too easy to drink :)
Well worth taking a street car away from the French quarter to get here.Parkway was a fantastic spot to grab a po' boy. I tried the smaller half size with fried shrimp and got it dressed (lettuce, mayo and pickles minus the tomatoes) and also got a side of cole slaw for the low price of $12. My friend from New Orleans highly recommended the shrimp or the roast beef choices.
You stand in line to order and while the line was long it moved efficiently. Once you pick up your order there are plenty of tables to grab a seat and eat at the restaurant.
Next to the pick up station they have variety of great sauces so I decided to get the cocktail sauce and Creole sauce (a sort of spicy mayo) to complement the shrimp on my po' boy. I was pretty hungry, yet the half size was overflowing with perfectly fried shrimp. The side of cole slaw was also tasty, not too rich but still packed with just enough flavor. I was impressed and would definitely return here next time I'm in New Orleans for an inexpensive, filling and delicious classic New Orleans lunch.Terrible service from beginning to end. First time here and we had no idea you had to order at the window first. Instead of being instructed on this process the bartender kept repeating the same script that we couldn't sit there from the bar without even making eye contact or telling us the reason why we couldn't sit there. Clearly we didn't know this and he didn't make an effort to help us. The man taking our order had a snide remark to everything and turned mid transaction to speak to another employee and didn't apologize or acknowledge that he just cut me off. AWFUL
Food was good but not worth the experience.Delicious Roast Beef and wonderful service! Definitely, a non-touristy place to check out.I stopped by with my wife after visiting the sculpture garden at city park. We almost didn't get out of the car when we arrived because the line was so long. Boy I'm glad we didn't leave before giving them a try. They have a really efficient system for serving folks. We each had a Bloody Mary (double in souvenir cup), fried shrimp po boy, and we shared sweet potato fries. The drinks were well crafted with a generous amount of alcohol, spice, and garnish. The sandwiches were loaded with large, fresh tasting shrimp that were seasoned and cooked perfectly. The fries were great as well. If you ever find yourself in this part of town, I highly recommend stopping here for a drink and bite.Been here vacationing and I thought for sure this was the best po boy spot! That's until I went to Guy's Po' Boys. The good thing about this place is  free refills (fountain drinks) and their bread is really good.Absolute staple of any New Orleans diet. Can accommodate large groups and always fast service. 
I recommend the fried shrimp or roast beef po boy. (Or have both with surf n turf!)Chilli is amazing. Oyster poor boy is legit. So good... And I don't even like anything fried. The oyster po boy is lightly fried and only available on Monday and Wednesday. Huge portions. Get some.Apparently tied to the origin of poboys, Parkway knows how to do a sandwich. My favorite was the fried shrimp all dressed up. It was lighter than one would expect, and just full of flavor. The surf and turf though was just a bit much. The beef and gravy drowned out the shrimp, so there was really no point in it being there. 
The pickle chips were a lot of fun, and we all enjoyed them. Fried until nice and crispy, that vinegary bite, and all those sauces to choose from. Just order these for sure.
Gravy fries: Savory and delicious, but a bit heavy for a side when you are already eating poboys and fried pickles.
We were on our way to another highly rated poboy place, which ended up being closed, and our Lyft driver suggested parkway. It ended up being well worth the extra distance, and a memorable meal.We love Parkway for po'boys! We always take our visitors there. The roast beef is my favorite and the meatball marinara is my husband's favorite.This place is part of our history and culture.  It comes highly recommend to experience this on your visits to New Orleans.    You will not be disappointed.  I always enjoy their pivots as they are the bestRoast bee po'boy phenomenal!  also had the homemade bread pudding with rum sauce, yum.Not an expert on the po' boy, as I live in Colorado. But, after trying several while I was in Louisiana this was hands down the best I tried. I got the surf and turf with a side of fries with gravy and cheese and of course who could resist a barqs in a glass bottle. If you come hungry you won't be when you leave and will probably have some left over for later. Awesome atmosphere as well!!A local introduced me to Parkway.  By far, the best poboys ever!!! The fried shrimp poboy is loaded with perfectly fried shrimp and there are a ton of them!!  Mostly localsDelicious catfish poboys! My aunt who lives in NO, but had never been here, loved it. My fiancé would've loved an oyster poboy, but they don't serve those. We left satisfied nonetheless. And one of the employees even gave us a history lesson. Nice touch! Would definitely return.Cozy place! Line was to the sidewalk but moved quickly and you can enjoy a beverage in line while waiting. We ordered the surf and turf poboy (roast beef, battered shrimp, gravy and the fixings-SO good!). Also tried the sweet potato fries and gumbo. Both were good but not out-of-this-world like the poboy. I also enjoyed the communal seating. Reasonable prices.Every time I'm in NOLA, I find myself craving the simple yet magical creation that is the po'boy. So when I discovered Parkway on a list of top Zagat-rated restaurants in the city, I knew I had to check it out. The Bakery and Tavern has been around in some capacity - though renovated I assume - since 1911. While it's switched hands a couple times, the vintage yellow building is still family-run and popular as ever. In fact, the line was literally out the door when we stopped by for lunch late one Saturday. Don't be discouraged though: it moves quickly and you can use the time to decide which of their 25 options you want to order. 
Like many old-school culinary landmarks, Parkway has become self-aware and capitalizes on its fame by hawking branded merchandise and campaigning heavily for votes in annual "Best Po' Boy" contests. But thankfully, going "mainstream" hasn't stopped the kitchen from churning out some damn good sandwiches. My girlfriend and I went with the tried-and-true shrimp and roast beef poor boys, respectively. The fresh-baked bread was fantastic - crispy exterior with a soft, flaky inside. The gravy-soaked roast beef was moist as can be. It wasn't salty at all, but instead had kind of a sweet, earthy flavor to it. The golden-fried shrimp were plump and there must have been two dozen of them, but they were a little bland. The moisture from the tomatoes, lettuce, pickles, and mayo soaks into the bread...the last few bites are the best. For best results, enjoy the sandwich outdoors on their covered patio with a cold beer and good company!This place is my favorite in New Orleans. I love the surf and turf, but if you're not that hungry, I highly recommend the seafood gumbo.  It's delicious and enough as a meal for the average person.Great po boy! I got the turkey one, which was really flavorful and had a lot of meat. The one issue was the turkey was a little bit dry, so I should have put more sauce on it or tried a different type of meat.  The roast beef one looked amazing- kinda wish I had tried it.  I will definitely try that next time I am in town.
They make their own bread in house, so it was some of the best po boy bread we had in New Orleans.This place is overrated.  Has been for some time.  Roast beef Po Boy is NOT loaded....and everything else is standard po-boys.  Not bad...but certainly not worth the price.  
Broad & Banks Seafood has better poboys.....so do most of the po-boy shops on Broad st...but of course it's herd mentality when it comes to hyping this place as a the best Po-boy shop in mid-city and it's not.  Maybe used to be...  Though I do like their sweet Potato fries.  And it's got a great seating area and the bar is cool....so I still give it a high 3 stars.had the shrimp po-boy. plenty of shrimp and hot sauce - two of my favorite things.Had the Shrimp Po Boy, wasn't that bad but I most certainly had better. I gave it 3 stars because I mean come on it's New Orleans you can do better than that with your shrimp po boy. By the way crank up that A/C I don't want to be eating while sweating my ass off.This place is off the tourist destination of your typical Bourbon Street focus and pricing.
The oyster or shrimp Po' Boy sandwiches are my favorites. Great French bread w/ lettuce & tomatoes.
They also have amazing BBQ options ( not on the menu ) Maybe we visited @ the right day & time during Jazzfest, but ask about the BBQ.
Don't miss this place if you visit NOLA.Had a large Shrimp Po' Boy.  Was overflowing with nice medium size shrimp. Wish they had a small order of fries to add on/make it a combo, as one order is enough for two people.
You know there arent any locals coming here, as they wouldn't stand in line for 45 MINUTES to get waited on. With that said, Im sure there are other places that offer just as good food.Our Uber driver recommended we stop here for a sandwich since it was right by where we were staying. THANK GOD WE LISTENED TO HIM. 
We walked here in the morning surprised to see people waiting outside until they unlock the doors. 
We got the gator and sausage gumbo, potato salad and a shrimp po boy. Everything was delicious and both bartenders were extremely courteous and helpful. We loved it here, and you will too. All the sandwiches looked to die for but I'm going to tell you the gumbo here is one of my favorites I've ever had. Flavorful, hearty, and unique.When I leave New Orleans, Parkway will be on the must visit list every time I return.  My order: barbecue roast beef, sweet potato fries, and an unsweetened iced tea.  I just love this place.This was our last stop out of New Orleans! Great choice for some hangover food! The surf and turf poboy "dressed" was delicious! I made the mistake of ordering a large! A large is enough for two hungry people! The chili cheese fries and bread pudding were tasty as well! Highly recommend this place! Heard about this place from a local.The poboys were just so-so. I didn't think it was out-of-this world great or anything. The bread on my shrimp po-boy tasted as if it was getting to that stale stage...where it was almost tough/chewy/hard to chew. There was an ample amount of shrimp though. The roast beef po-boy that my boyfriend got wasn't much better. His tasted kind of like a bbq pulled pork/chopped beef sandwich. It was underwhelming. The only reason this place gets the third star is because they allow pets!Such a long wait, but SO WORTH IT!!! We got the alligator sausage po boy, the surf and turf, and sweet potato fries with blue cheese crumbles - all amazing. But do not miss out on the BREAD PUDDING FOR DESSERT!! To die for. The sauce selection is awesome too.The best poboy place in the city!!!! I always bring my out of towner friends here to eat lunch. The fried shrimp poboy is my favorite!!The roast beef poboy is truly something special, although I have to say nothing here has ever disappointed me. Even the grilled ham and cheese left me wanting more. 
The lines can get pretty long though, especially when there are festivals and big events in the city.Most New Orleans natives know how good Parkway is....or at least they should.
I wanted to spotlight the Thanksgiving Turkey Poboy that they serve from Thanksgiving until the end of the holiday.  This happens only on Wednesday and Thursday.
They roast whole turkeys just like you would for Thanksgiving; no plain deli meat for this sandwich.  Large chunks of both white and dark meat are piled onto Leidenheimer french bread then doused in gravy, slathered with much homemade bread dressing then topped off with real cranberry sauce...whole cranberries and all.  The taste is phenomenal with all the different flavors!  The cranberry sauce really completes the sandwich because of the sweet and salty tastes that are mingled together.  It is everything you like about Thanksgiving dinner stuffed between two sliced of Leidenheimer french bread.
Eat it quick because the gravy tends to soak the bread fast. Carry out for this sandwich is not recommended.*Special Note* - Dr. John was eating a couple tables from us!! (we also spotted him the night before at Hi Ho Lounge)
Besides the roast beef po-boy I had at Tracey's a few days before, I had no other real experience with them so I had no idea what kind of goodness was waiting for me at Parkway. We got there on a sunny Friday afternoon (around 2pm) so I thought we had skipped the lunch crowd but alas, there was a line out the door waiting for us. While my bf went to get us a couple Abita's from the bar, I tried to call Parkway to see if I can order over the phone and just pick it up at the bar but to no avail. So we drank our beers and made friends with the people ahead of us in line. The wait was about 20-25mins until we got to order then another 5-10mins for the food. I ordered the shrimp and he ordered the roast beef with a side of sweet potato fries. We were surprised by the size of the regular sandwiches. They were huge! We didn't want to waste the goodness so we ate every little bit and skipped out on most of our fries. We didn't even eat dinner until 11:30pm because we were *that* full from Parkway. 
For visitors - take the Canal streetcar to Jefferson Parkway then walk the less then 10min walk to Parkway. It's a nice little quiet area. And if you have some room, stop at the Bayou Beer Garden for a drink.Items Selected:
Surf n' Turf Po-Boy - Debris and Fried Shrimp, Fully Dressed
Bread Pudding with Bourbon Crème Anglaise
Banana Pudding
Dining amidst a packed dining room with photos of the space completely submerged post-Katrina hung as a reminder of The Crescent City's resilience, Parkway Bakery & Tavern is every bit the community icon as Willie Mae's Scotch House, and then some, the restaurant open and closed intermittently at 538 Hagan Avenue ever since 1911, though the classic Po-Boy was not created until the Railway Strike of 1929.
Earning both local and international acclaim over the decades, their overstuffed Sandwiches on toasted Rolls the photographic definition of what people envision when thinking of New Orleans' most famous dish, it was mere minutes after noon that the counter was approached as part of a line that moves quickly, the ordering process simple with a window near Soda dispensers around the corner where order after order is called out.
Harkening the days when every New Orleans neighborhood had its own corner bakery, this one of German ancestry but no longer making its own Bread and instead sourcing Leidenheimer's Baking Company like so many others, current owner Jay Nix still insists on doing things the right way, wild-caught Gulf Shrimp and Fish breaded in-house daily with Roast Beef and Gravy all made inside Parkway's kitchen from an old family recipe.
Priced affordably enough to attract some 1,000 patrons on a good day, the "Surf n' Turf" with Shrimp and Debris a sloppy smile-inducer when fully-dressed in Lettuce, Tomatoes, Pickles and Hot Sauce, other options include Hot Links, Oysters or seasonal selections made by Nix's nephew Justin Kennedy, the desserts also made on-site with the Banana Pudding creamy if not particularly innovative while the steaming hot slab of Bread Pudding is chock-full-of Raisins in a pool of boozy Crème Anglaise.I got the fried oyster po boy. Now, I'm a Kansas Citian, not exactly what you'd call a po boy expert, but of the ones I ate while I was in New Orleans, theirs was easily my favorite.This was my first stop on a short three day visit to New Orleans - and I am going to make a point to go back before I leave. I was lucky enough to be in town on a Wednesday, when they serve fried oyster po boys. The oysters were perfectly cooked. Nice and crispy coating on the outside that coats the juiciest tender oysters. The bread they serve this on is incomparable. Perfectly crisp yet fluffy and light. I got mine traditionally dressed and the lettuce was crisp, tomatoes beautifully ripe and cut razor thing and delicious dill pickle chips. I ordered with the side of fries with cheese and a side of gravy. The cheese was a mistake but the gravy on the side was rich and dark and had delicious chunks of roast beef in it. A New Orleans landmark that I dream about between each visit.I came only for the rum cake. I didn't have much time to try the po boys. The rum cake was to die for. Very good. It has a lot of rum. They bring warm. It's delicious. The place is very simple and local. I went there with my friend that used to live there. Is a must. I will definitely come back when I come to Nola next time.a cozy little tavern and lots of outdoor seating make for good options. friendly service delivers great po'boys in a tmely fashion. don't wait in the long restaurant line, head to the bar, have a beer and order there.Great food!! Line wasn't long at all. The family really enjoyed the roast beef Po-boys!!Been coming here for years and love it every time! The surf and turf will seem bizzare but GET IT! You'll love it- with cheese!! The boys behind the scenes are just awesome and make you feel right at home! Love you parkway!My wife and I stayed in New Orleans last night for our first time. Our AirBnB host recommended that we try this place. After 8 plus hours of driving we made it 30 minutes before they closed for the night. We were a little skeptical at first but I am so glad we ate here. 
Steve, the gentlemen who took our order ended up being from Connecticut just like us. He was very friendly and provided great service.
We ordered one shrimp and one chicken poor boy, the alligator and roast turkey gumbo and a side of sweet potato fries. Honestly, it was amazing. I would love to go back! Do yourself a favor and eat here.Although we stood in line for over an hour, it was worth it. They have seating outside under tents or inside next to the window, we sat next to the window. The restaurant is although large, because so many people come, busy and full. The large Po-Boys were enormous, regular should be good for anyone. We also ordered the fried pickle chips, very good. Additionally, we ordered bread pudding and banana pudding, both outstanding. The location of the restaurant is only a few blocks from canal street and has good hours. 
I WOULD RECOMMEND COMING HERE FOR REAL NOLA FOOD!Yummy roast beef poboys. The cheese fries with brown gravy are a guilty pleasure! Good vibes and great staff!Great Restaurant with terrific sandwiches and cold beer. Atmosphere is as good as it gets just like it was 40 years ago!! Nice and friendly staff!!!!!This place was great.  We're a group of 8 poor college students here for spring break and loved the food. Cheap, filling, and yummy. Rum cake was delicious too. Recommend for those looking for cheap lunch with New Orleans flavors.Completely worth the wait!!!! Husband and I both had the roast beef poboy. It was one of the best things I have had in New Orleans.Let me start by saying I am a sucker for fried oysters!!! 
So the plan was to go to Parkway and have the Shrimp Po Boy just like everyone told me to do! While standing in the 5 minute line to order (got there at 11:30 before the crowd....but at 12:00 the line was out the door) and as I was looking at all the nostalgic decor the dude yells out that today they have oysters. Did I tell you that I am a sucker for fried oysters? Ordered the large and I am telling you it was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. I would give it five stars but the sandwich will eventually kill you. Can't be good for you but life is short anyways. Next time I go, I will order the oyster Po Boy again and hopefully convince the person I'm with to order the shrimp boy and split it with me! 
Even though I prefer cleaner places and I'm not a fan of shared tables, I dug this place with it's 70's music grooving in the background!
Parkway lived up to its hype! Do yourself a favor and go to this place early on in your trip because there's a good chance you will go back there again!I am originally from New Orleans and left because of Katrina.  I was a huge fan of the original Parkway Bakery before the renovations.  I would go to Parkway with my grandparents and we would pick up our delicious poor boys and take them home.  As an adult I went there every Sunday with my dear friend.  We both wanted to try every poor boy they had on the menu.  Because we loved it so much the two of us made it our Sunday ritual where we would sit in the back room and eat and study all of the New Orleans memorabilia on the walls.  She and I would reminisce and tell our stories about our experiences in the places that were in the photographs on the walls of Parkway while we devoured our delicious sandwiches. Sunday afternoon was a time I definitely looked forward to.  Sadly after Katrina I relocated to Florida where poorboys are almost impossible to be found.  If you can find them they are not the "REAL" thing.  So I make it my first priority to get to Parkway the minute I get to town.  The last visit I went almost everyday to get my Parkway fix before I returned to Florida.  I am coming back in July and again in October and you better believe Parkway will be on my agenda several times during both stays in New Orleans.Super friendly staff, simple menu, DELICIOUS po' boy.  Had the surf and turf, which was super tasty, although I will say the roast beef kind of drowns out the shrimp...which are delicious when had by themselves.  (I know since I had a shrimp po boy after the surf and turf).  Simple little place a little off the beaten path but well worth it.  Best bread pudding I have ever eaten...and I don't even like bread pudding but it was heavenly.  Pretty cheap too...as I recall a large surf and turf was about $10 and was plenty large.  Lots of other items on the menu..my wife had a tomato caprese po' boy with tomato/mozzarella and it was awesome as well...even though I chastised her for getting that in a place like New Orleans.Totally satisfied my po boy craving! It's nice to eat at a restaurant that has so much history and doing this for a long time. Switch it up and get the fried pickles or sweet potatoes fries for a side.Table had a roast beef, a shrimp, a surf n turf with gravy (mine), chili, fries, gumbo (also mine). The shrimp coating became soggy in the gravy, but I snagged a couple from number one sons' shrimp poboy, holy crap were they good! Made me wish I had gone all the way in the ocean instead of only halfway in. Me and my big mouth.
Tasted the chili, it was very good, very meaty and rich, and you could tell it was home made and slow cooked. Fries were fresh and piping hot.
The gumbo, likewise, was chunky and rustic, and had a couple slices of andouille (alligator sausage? (it's on the menu) Nice flavor, broth seemed a bit thin for gumbo, but it was really good. It was miles away from the deep brown roux of the gumbo at Dragos, by comparison.
Lots of choices here, I can say the roast beef is super good but you better be really hungry to tackle the large.  I almost finished mine and ate half the gumbo. A small with the gumbo would have been plenty. Again, me and my big mouth. 
The only negative I can come up with is the bread was tough, like it was kneaded too much. It didn't give up a bite very easily at all.
The roast beef with the gravy kinda reminded me of an Italian beef from Chicago. The surf and turf was a bit messy, and even though the batter of the fried shrimp became soggy, they were still darned good. Next time I will follow the old KISS acronym, keep it simple, stupid.
While getting a refill I had a chance to watch the kitchen krewe do their thing, they were kicking it out fast and hot, like a well oiled machine! Definitely out of the way, and in a seemingly iffy neighborhood, but it was fairly busy (we were able to get a table inside somehow), lots of room outside at long plastic tables, like a lunch tent at a festival. Lots of locals here, so have your order ready when you get to the window or you might get the wonk eye.Incredible po-boys and fries with gravy!  If you want oysters, they only have them on Mondays and Wednesday's but are my favorite.  Very large sandwich, perfectly fried shrimp and oysters,  crisp bread.  If there is a line go to the bar instead and grab a seat - much faster on a busy day.  We also got talks into the fries with gravy (basically roast beef with sauce).  Sounds gross but I as the best find the first time we went there.
A must visit place in New Orleans.The Surf and Turf was ok, the roast beef is lacking seasoning on a constant basis.
Shrimp sandwich was good definitely worth a repeat!
Dessert bread pudding is too small for almost 5 bucks.The place is for real. Worth the long line and exceeded my expectations. I got the surf and turf and it did not disappoint. Others in my party got the burger, catfish poboy, roast beef poboy fried pickles and bread pudding. We almost had to be rolled out of there. This will be a Nola staple for us from now on.took a break from all the turkey..had to get that skrimp po boy nola style!!! Ya herd meh...
i mean u see my picture..thats like 20+ skrimps on like a 6" !!!!!!!!!!!!! cmonnnnnnnnnnLong line on a Saturday morning but it moved quickly. We got the shrimp po boy. Fresh and tasty!Parkway is well known because of the there awesome sandwichs... i agreee they are amazing i took a cab there from the french Q because i didnt know better. Now i know you can take the street car from canal st to N Jefferson Davis Parkway(if you think thats to complicated just tell the driver where u wanna go he will know what to do or you can google map it and you will see what i mean)
they have awesome shrimp poboys and the line moves fast. The bar next door serves cheap beer and plenty of it. 
Get the bread pudding and give the Lady a funny name for when they call to let you know your foods upWe ordered golden fried oysters po boy and hot sausage pork link sandwich. That was delicious and the golden fried oysters are only On Monday and Wednesday. Also they have happy hours for draft beers.Had high expectations for this place since the reviews were so good. I was a little underwhelmed. I got the surf and turf. The shrimp was fried and very fishy... Way too fishy for my liking at least. The beef was very good. Probably would have rated 4 out of 5 stars had I got the beef alone. Good outdoor space to sit at. The fried pickles were nice as well :)We stopped by on the way out of NOLA.  My GF and I split a large 1/2 shrimp 1/2 oyster poboy.  Both halves were amazing, though I liked the shrimp half a little better since I'm used to eating more shrimp back home.  I loved every bite.If I liked sandwiches, this would probably be a 5 star review. Great place, line was really long, but it went somewhat quickly. I had shrimp, husband had shrimp and beef which seems kind of weird but was very good. Bread is crusty out and soft in. We also shared a bread pudding--mmmmm. It's a tourist mecca but has maintained it's NOLA, hometown feel.This place has simple, incredible po-boys and a cool bar. If you want to taste the authenticity of a true New Orleans po-boy bookmark this place. I had a French fry po-boy when I ate here last time. Amazing!!!!!The way a poboy should be. A must for any NOLa visitor looking for one of the city's best sandwiches. Dressed means with lettuce and tomato by the way.My friend Hannah and I came to NOLA for the weekend.  Her only requirement for the weekend was that we stop for po-boys at least once (as it turned out, we actually ended up eating po-boys 3x that weekend).
This was recommended as THE place to get a po-boy by one of my friends who lived in the area.  The place was packed and a huge group walked in juuuust as we got in line - perfect timing.
She ordered the friend shrimp poboy and I got the Caprese (woo vegetarian!).  We were able to find a table outside - another gorgeous summer day in NOLA at the time.  I went in to check on our food after 5 minutes, and the owner must have mistaken me for someone else because he apologized that our food was taking so long.  I said it was no problem at all but he threw in a free basket of fries + a banana pudding.  I wasn't going to complain!
Hannah and I both enjoyed our sandwiches - they were both so big that we had to deconstruct them and use a fork and knife (amateur move, I know).  We were so full that we could barely touch the fries.  We decided to make quick friends by giving them away to the guys at the table next to us.  I was able to get a bite of the banana pudding in, and it was so delicious.  Mmm.
Loved the atmosphere, the food and the service.  It isn't really next to a lot of other things, but definitely worth the slight detour :)I've eaten here twice. The roast beef haunts me. I crave that poor boy on the daily. I can't wait to go back! Soooo delish.LOVED this place, but definitely be ready to wait in a line for these po boys. I went with the classic fried shrimp, locally caught, and it was delicious the shrimp really came through in the sandwich and can tell it's the main part of the sandwich and everything else is just a side and the chili fries lovely too.LOVE this place! Oyster po'boy is only served on Monday and Wednesday, better get you some!My wife and I were traveling on a road trip and wanted to grab a po boy before we left New Orleans. With so many options for southern food we chose this place. It had pretty good reviews, even reading it's the place to go if you're visiting. 
We got the fried shrimp po boy and BBQ beef. Maybe I had too much of an expectation for such simple food? I don't know but it didn't wow us. If I could I would leave 3.5 stars.Was craving a roast beef poboy so we drove from Slidell to get a couple but were very disappointed after we got them. The poboys that were normally overstuffed and heavy when they hand it to you were lightweight and light on roast beef. Today was jazz fest so maybe that had something to do with it but we arrived right at opening so I think they may have cut back on the poboys. I may try them one more time but if I get another lightweight sandwich, I am done with them. I am not going to pay big bucks for a sandwhich that is no different that I can get in Slidell for less.Probably one of the best all around 'classic' Po-Boy shops in the city; they also serve a mean gumbo! 
The bar area is fun to sit at and have a cold one or one of their awesome Bloody Marys while waiting for your po-boy. Shrimp and roast beef are what they're known for but honestly everyone on the menu is good.
Great spot to come to and only one block off of the Bayou.I came here because Domilise's was closed on a Sunday (Domilise's has 4 stars vs. Parkway's 4.5 stars) and locals recommend this place so it was ok. I had an alligator gumbo, shrimp po boy and an Abita (local beer). They keep it simple here and they don't skimp out on flavorful shrimp. You can get either a regular or a large. I got the regular which was still big.Po boys I've had in the past were overdressed. The gumbo here was hot and packed with good flavor - it was a bit spicy and smokey. I wish I could bring a pint with me to Vegas. You can get either a regular or a large. 
There's plenty of parking space in the back. The atmosphere's laid-back. Our server was nice and provided pretty good recommendations. Our food came pretty quick. I was not disappointed at all.I've had many of poboys, but this place has the BEST shrimp poboys I've ever had!! Big place and a lot of seating. Ran into the owners wife in the bathroom and she was so sweet and wanted to make sure we were absolutely happy with everything. We're from Houston and have every intention on coming back for shrimp poboys when we return to NO!!This place was interesting. I was in town this weekend for a wedding, and the bride and groom decided to have us all meet us for lunch here. 
I'm not sure I've ever had a po'boy before, and I don't like seafood, so I ordered the roast beef po'boy, minus the mayo and lettuce. I think in retrospect I should have left the mayo on, because although it was tasty (and I don't normally like roast beef), it tasted like it was lacking something.
I also ordered the fried pickles, which were DELICIOUS - a teeny bit spicy and very, very good, as well as plentiful; I was only able to eat about half of my order. 
This place gets a star deducted because of the weird layout - there's a huge line to order (granted, we went on a Saturday afternoon) and then to get to the restrooms, you have to cut the line and veer off to the right. They should maybe consider relocating those. 
I'd come back here the next time I'm in town and maybe try a turkey or ham po'boy, too.The shrimp on the po boy are lightly fried, huge, and scrumptious! However I did find it a bit dry. It was very good don't get me wrong but needed a little something. 
My friend is a vegetarian so she got the caprese po boy (I took a pic of this rather than being the millionth person to show the shrimp po boy). She said it was really good. Huge pieces of mozzarella! Also, the potato salad and fries are delicious!! 
My friend and I got the drink of the month ($5 at HH), kiss of death margarita. It was okay. Definitely didn't taste like a margarita and has chambord in it. Wouldn't get it again. I definitely want to come back though and try the roast beef po boy!My friends and I went to this place on a recommendation. They are said to have the best PO Boys in NOLA. I had the shrimp PO Boy and yes it was good but what wasn't good was the wait. The line was wrapped around the building and the only seating available was outside. The guys were gracious enough to wait in line to order while we got seats but we were waiting for over 35 mins before we got food. Of course it was hot and there were way too many flys buzzing around. The PO Boy was pretty good it was full of shrimp but it did fall apart once I unwrapped it. By the time we got the food I was too hungry to take pictures. My recommendation if you decide to try this place is to get it to go or try to figure out when their slow times are. Otherwise you'll be too annoyed with the wait to really enjoy the food.We ate here twice on this trip to NOLA. Again tonight after hitting several of the big names in FQ the last couple of days. Parkway will be our first stop on our next visit!! Great gumbo and poor boys!!don't hold it against Parkway Bakery & Tavern just because Obama ate there.  Their Po-boys are great.  Don't get the shrimp just because Obama got it.  Get it because its the best.  Enjoy the surf n turf I enjoyed it with the BBQ beef instead of the Roast beef.  I love the turkey and ham. Or go all out and get the Caprisi with fresh mozzarella and creole tomatoes.  its nice to have a vegetarian option.  But the fries with cheese and gravy are so good you would slap a baby.I am from NOLA, and my favorite roast beef po boy in town.  Put that with Zapp's and a Dixie, and you are good to go!Living in New Orleans for four years while I went to college, po-boy sandwiches were a common occurrence every once in a while. During my time here I tried to try every po boy joint I could. I mean who doesn't love these sandwiches? On a recent visit back to the Crescent City, I gave Parkway Bakery & Tavern another visit and continue to be pleased with their consistently delicious and tasty po boy sandwiches. The shrimp? Amazing. Catfish? Delicious. Caprese? Fantastic. I could go on and on. They are all top noch and are always served with a smile. 
If only they'd bring back the fried oyster po-boy... It's nothing short of epicness. 
If you're in the Mid-City area, you'd be a fool not to come here! It gets me hungry just thinking of it!This place has been first rated for as many as 40 years.This is the reason we use yelp. After leaving the WW2 museum in New Orleans, we were ready to experience a legendary local poboy. Yelp reviewers led us to Parkway and we could not be more grateful! We ordered the shrimp poboy and the oyster poboy. For a side, we added a shared order of French fries with gravy.
The poboys are "dressed" with lettuce, tomato, pickles, and a light spread of mayo. Adding your own Crystal hot sauce tableside is a must. It really elevates the outstanding to amazing. The homemade beef gravy on the fries is ladled with fresh bits of pulled roast beef that is tender and flavorful. The beef turned a side into an almost meal of its own. The seafood has a light breading that keeps the flavor and moisture in without being heavy or greasy. Oysters are my new passion after this trip and the fried option in a sandwich was not something I expected to love as much as I did. Now I can't wait to go back and do it all again.This was the best shrimp poboy we have EVER had! Get the fried pickles too!! Also roast beef poboy with gravy is a staple. Enjoy!! Yummmmy yummy!!!Fair warning: the tourists have found Parkway and are attempting to take it over. As a local, know that you need to go early or late to avoid lines that can run 50 people long.  
For a more personal experience, steal a table in the bar and a waiter will take care of you directly rather than waiting in line.  
The bbq beef sandwich is amazing and worth the wait. My table loved the surf 'n turf with gravy.  This isn't really a place where you need sides since the main dishes are so filling.  And anywhere that serves Barq's in a glass bottle deserves a salute.Come on Parkway, I got the cheeseburger poboy, the meat had way too much gristle. The Parkway Bakery is a staple of New Orleans please purchase better ground beef..Until then stay away from the burgers everyone..Sorry but true..So delicious! Way better than po' boys we tried in the French quarter. The Parkway surf and turf po boy that's filled with tender roast beef and fried shrimp, topped with brown gravy (definitely not dry!) was soooo good, as is the gator gumbo and the gravy with provolone fries. They also carry the bottled Barq's root beer which is pretty awesome. The bread pudding, was okay. It's not crazy expensive but it adds up quick! Long lines, so try to go when you're just starting to feel hungry, so you have a little more patience waiting in line. We went when it opened and we didn't wait very long at all. Parkway will be a must, when we visit again.Found us some pretty good po-boys. Heard great things about this place so we had to check it out since we were in town. They were super busy. Got our food and sat outside.
My favorite was the catfish and sausage link po-boys.I love parkway, I always have! But on this visit I was extremely disappointed bcs I found out that they no longer serve pastrami which is the whole reason I came from Metairie. So I probably will think twice next time on making a trip here just for a roast beef or shrimp when I can get either of those pretty much anywhere else.I have been here numerous times and it is consistently good. I've had the shrimp and roast beef poboys, the reuben, the regular and sweet potato fries and the bread pudding and they have all been very good. I would recommend this place to anyone!The highlight of my trip to New Orleans!
We walked from our hotel on Canal St (yeah, we know, it was a long walk!).  But this gave us the chance to see parts of the city that hadn't recovered like the French Quarter, more than 5 years after Katrina.  I was shocked to see places that looked completely abandoned, houses and even hospitals boarded up!  So it was great to see a local place like this still thriving.
The poor boy here is excellent, but the locals that fill this place give it that something special.  It was raining like mad outside, and the streets were flooded, so we spent our time watching USA vs. Japan in the Women's World Cup while throwing back some Abita and downing some poor boys.  I had the surf and turf which I highly recommend!  We chatted it up with the locals and tourists (like us), and had an all in all great time!  We even shared a cab back with a couple we were talking to.
A little off the beaten path, but well worth the trip!  Even the Obama's eat here!The local all recommended this location. Now I know why. The Po'boy was amazing. Limited setting inside, but lots of space outside. I wanted classic Po'boy and this place did not disappoint. The shrimp was cook to perfection.Damn good poboys. Maybe the best in the city. You'll pay a pretty penny, but you're paying for quality. Seriously consider the surf and the turf. For extra impact, add a bag of Zapps and a cold Root Beer to wash it all down. You're welcome.Best PO Boys in NOLA There is a line but it moves fast and well worth the wait. Cheap beers and booze too!The poboys are amazing here...I always keep it classic with a dressed fried shrimp, however there are many good poboy stops in New Orleans. We live in Midcity, so when folks from out of town visit, we will bring them here, along with all the other tourists in the city it seems. The food quality is great...biggest complaint is the line out of the door we often come across when we go. This is obviously a reflection of the food, but a real pain if you're trying to grab a quick lunch.This spot is unassuming on the outside and busy (even during non peak hours) on the inside. 
Flew in on a whim to visit a friend of mine while some other friends decided to drive in. Our first stop was this place since I had requested a place I had yet to visit. Sandwiches are my favorite food group so people can imagine the excitement when I looked this place up. 
We pulled in around 1pm and tables were still about 75% full. The great eateries have this sound of clanking utensils on plates and this seemingly incandescent low mumble from the many conversations being said at the same time. 
In all we had:
- Parkway Surf & Turf (smothered in roast beef gravy)
- Half Muffelata (with huge helping of the chow chow they use to make it zing. Could have been a full if I didnt know any better)
- Fries w. Roast Beef Debris (could be a meal on its own)
- Hush Pupples (why not, it was the size of baseballs when we ordered it)
- Unidentifiable Fried Foods (I honestly forgot. look at my pictures when I post it)
General Tip: Their roast beef debris/gravy made everything more amazing it seems.
I would suggest eating here during the day. Try and eat here at night and the idis will kill the rest of your evening. In saying that the meal killed the rest of our day. Luckily i was able to walk off some of it when we went downtown.These are my number one favorite poboys in the entire city. Yes I think this beats Crabby Jacks and Domilises! 
The poboys are HUGE, the service is great (very nice people), and the prices are the best. 
My personal favorite is Fried Oyster but they don't have them everyday. I forgot and went on the wrong day, but the sweet man at the counter said he would see if they had any left over from the day before. I know that might make it seem like it would be less fresh, but how many places get oysters delivered daily anyway? 
The Fried Shrimp is the second best. I also really enjoy the Sweet Potato (its sweet potato fries in the bread with the fixins') and the Caprese (so stuffed full of fresh mozzerella and tomato, its great and refreshing for a hot day!).
I love their refrigerated buffet of sauces. My favorite thing to do is load up on several sauces (tartar and remoulade are the best) and take turns dipping the delicious fried pickles!!Home to the famous po boy, Parkway offers a casual vibe and delicious sandwiches. The line can get long, but there's lots of seating. The Roast Beef Po Boy is amazingly juicy. The Fried Shrimp Po Boy is filled with shrimp and delightfully crunchy. And the Fried Catfish Po Boy has great flavor to it. I'm personally not a big fried food person and was hoping the sandwiches wouldn't be so heavy, but I guess that's part of the experience. The sandwiches can be a bit messy to eat and probably contributed to some artery clogging, but were worth it.