Not like the old days. Food was still good but the ambiance has lost its luster. We will still eat there. Restaurant was empty on a Friday night.The entrees are better elsewhere.  The oysters are fabulous here.  Cash only at the bar (really annoying) and drink prices go up once you're seated.  BBQ shrimp is famous, but I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be.  Scallops and crabmeat was good if you want a cream based pasta dish with very little seasoning (read bland).  Dining room gets noisy.  Still you get good service from nice people.Pascal's is a New Orleans version of a Metairie restaurant doing New Orleans and Italian food.  They created the barbeque shrimp, here.  And that's not shrimp on the barby if that's what you think.  Oysters Rockefeller and Bienville or raw make a great appetizer, and my personal favorite dish is their Seafood and Crab Bake, which is a mixture of scallions, breadcrumbs, crab, oysters and trinity, baked in a small casserole.  Toss on some Parmesano and a little Tabasco or Crystal, and you've got Heaven in your mouth.  The chocolate mousse is excellent, as is the bread pudding.  Can be busy on big dinner nights, but Pascal's is great for lunch!I've eaten at Pascal's Manale a few times and know what to expect when I get there. The place is old-school and the menu is solid. Our party of ten had a reservation and were seated immediately. Drinks and oysters were brought out quickly and to a person, everyone had a great meal. I had the BBQ shrimp (as should everyone....but wear a bib) and was able to sample many other meals, including the beef tournedos atop fried eggplant and the shrimp & scallops. No..there is no cutting-edge cuisine here....and the meals may even be a bit clunky...but it is why you go to a place like this. No complaints, ever.4 stars for ambiance, history, food, service. The last 2 times we went however, the world famous BBQ Shrimp was rather lacking, not sure what's up with that.Just FYI yelp says they close at 10 - but not the case. Walked in a few min before 9 and the manager said "who said we're open till 10?!" yelp- this one's on you sugar.Couldn't wait to check it out, ordered a $24 veal parm that I could have got at any Italian place for $8. was over cooked, no salad or side. very little attention from our waiter. I hear a different waiter telling people specials that sounded much better than what I ordered, but our waiter never seemed to care enough to even bother to tell us they were available. Now we can say we tried it but for locals, there are a lot of better places in town, many for less $. Eh. we went somewhere else to have dessert and coffee.After reading some of the reviews we were expecting bad service & a mediocre experience but it was quiet the opposite. Our waiter was attentive and the food was incredible. The bbq shrimp are amazing, lots of work to clean them and get them ready to eat but well worth the work.Amazing restaurant.  Was there with a large group and asked the waiter to serve us family style with a variety of dishes.  Every dish was delicious, and our waiter had countless stories about New Orleans and places to visit in the city.  Highly recommend!Come here for the best stuffed shrimp in the world, and the cleanest raw oysters. This place serves deliciously prepared seafood that fuses Italian and Creole traditions, with a down-home yet classy Louisiana atmosphere. Get ready for the garlic! The flavors are rich and complex... while not necessarily heavy on every dish. I had the Fish New Orleans last night, which came with very lean Mahi. Also the waiters are knowledgable and personable- very friendly. This place offers something for all generations of New Orleans food lovers to enjoy. Bring your family or out of town guests when you visit because you'll want to taste everything on the menu.Best Bar-b-que shrimp ever! Oysters were amazing too!  Traditional in appearance and menu, but unique and delicious at the same time. Local's swear by the food and ambiance, and we weren't disappointed.  It was a little pricey, but worth it.  We loved the location and local charm.  Can't go wrong with a place sworn by as fabulous by native New Orleanians.The best. The people are the Best, but the BBQ shrimp was so good!!!
We Love it here, I don't care what you order it's going to be Fantastic! One of the Best meals you will have in this town!!!great turtle soup and bbq shrimp oh man was that turtle soup great. i will be back to eat here many more times. cant wait to go backNothing like getting denied because one person in the party was wearing shorts! Guess they think they are Galatoire's! Would have liked to have shown the out of town visitors this place, but they have lost our business!This was my Mom & Pop's favorite place to go back in the 50's.  My dad is eighty now, and I look forward to taking him here again someday.  I made it in as far as the bar and ended up spending the entire evening with the son of the man who served my ma and pa back in the 50's.  I ate oysters and drank famous grouse Scotch the whole night, then hung out with the servers after the place closed.  If you can only go to eat in one place in NOLA, this is the one, FO SHO...The food and atmosphere are good, but not great, and it is all severely overpriced.
I had heard good things about the BBQ Shrimp Sandwich, so I dropped by for lunch the other day to try it out. It was good but certainly not worth the $14 price. When you add tax and tip, that's a pricey po boy.I'm sorry this place is OVERHYPED
 The BBQ shrimp was gross. It was swimming in old oil and spices. The shrimp was tough rubbery and chewy. What the hell are people talking about here? We also had the eggplant dish which I don't even know what it was supposed to be..tasted like hot baby food. We had Oysters Bienville which were just baked oysters covered with a puree that was okay but nothing to rave about. Their overpriced salads are not worth even mentioning, bread was airy and dry.  Our waitress was wonderful and very good to our large party. They kept the water glasses filled and iced tea refilled which was appreciated. But honestly their house special the BBQ shrimp? Seriously people...this wasn't buttery...it is oil it's only oil and it's gross..
So here's how you do it, take the old family recipe and change it up a bit instead of serving the shrimp in old oil and spices why not do stock-based broth with butter and spices. I think that would keep the shrimp from being tough and chewy. Oh and also don't serve 2 Gulf size shrimp and fill the bowl with  21 - 25 count shrimp. It makes a difference. 
I knew I should have gone to Commander's PalaceNow that i am back from New Orleans i must admit that this was one of my least memorable meals.
I thought the BBQ shrimp really didn't have any flavor and were covered with grease.
My entree with the fish Orleans.  It was covered with shrimp and over pasta.  It was tasty but nothing special.
It doesn't help that my friend after having oysters went straight to the bathroom and vomited.  
All and all... do not feel the need to go back
The service would go though.  They allowed us to expand our reservation from 4 to 5 people without any hassle.I'll dream about the BBQ shrimp - so good, and unlike anything I've ever had  before. We took the trolley uptown, then walked up to Pascals. For two they don't take reservations. We arrived at 8pm on a Saturday night and only had to wait 30 minutes. Enjoyed a great Hendrick's & tonic - the bartender knows how to pour a good drink. Their markup on wines is not ridiculous either. We ordered their recommended bottle of Joel Gott Sav Blanc. We started with wedge salads - classic and above average. Chilled, crispy iceberg & great blue cheese. I had the BBQ shrimp, my hubby ordered a drum special.  Both were great. The French bread was excellent - perfect for sopping up all that incredible sauce on the shrimp.  Our server was attentive, friendly & pleasant.  Next time I'm in NO I'll definitely return here.To repeat what everyone is saying, eat the BBQ shrimp!  If you are a vegetarian or do not eat shrimp, muahahaha, you will never understand how good this is.  Get messy and eat up.  A great place to eat if you are going to Tip's for a show.  Service was pretty good and the drinks were great.  The bartenders also have a good idea what's going on at the clubs on any given night.  It might be a little on the pricey side, but worth it.great southern character, great southern food. most interesting, in a good way, server ive ever had.We returned to this restaurant after 4 years because of the excellent bbq shrimp sandwich and chicken and andouille gumbo. It was just as good as we remembered. Prompt, efficient service at the table. What could be improved is the "host's" somewhat lackluster greeting and goodbye. Let me rephrase. There was no goodbye and thanks as we passed directly behind him. That type of attitude makes me not want to take a long trolley ride when there are so many other good restaurants downtown.MAYBE you can find a little better meal at a few other places, but definitely not for the prices here. I highly recommend choosing one of the daily specials, done this my last three visits & been great each time. Ofcourse someone at the table should try the BBQ shrimp if theyve never had it, but the rest of the menu deserves your attention. My wife is from NJ & highly particular about egg plant dishes, she recommends them here. Good raw oysters too.This was described on numerous websites as a kid-friendly New Orleans classic.  The food was good but this is not in any way a kid friendly restaurant.  The service was rude and obvious not interested in having kids there.  Lesson learned.Best place to have raw oysters during happy hour! So fresh n clean!! Thomas is the best oyster shucker n friend!!Amazing! Came here last weekend with my uncle and aunt and it was fabulous. Of course I got the BBQ shrimp which was absolutely delicious especially the bread dipped into the sauce trust me, try it! I normally don't even eat bread or butter or shellfish it the whole meal including the lemon drop martinis were just fantastic! Our waiter was great too and even had some cool stories about Louisiana seafoodFor my 100th review, I thought it should be special. What's more special than my favorite meal, at my favorite restaurant, in one of my top 3 favorite cities.
Manale's is famous for their BBQ shrimp. Are you thinking shrimp slathered with BBQ sauce? Well, you're wrong. 
BBQ shrimp are shrimp baked with the heads and shells on in a mix of butter, Worcestershire and a host of other spices. I guarantee you've never tasted anything this good (although Drago's char-broiled oysters run a close second) in your life. Served with perfect New Orleans French bread (paper thin, light crust, soft, airy bread on the inside) for sopping up the sauce, this is a New Orleans staple that was originated at Manale's.
In addition to the BBQ shrimp, there are other reasons to visit this New Orleans establishment as well, like the oyster bar where I once challenged a 10 year old kid to eat a very large raw oyster. He did it so I had to as well, and I hate a large raw oyster (yet tiny ones are a gift to the world). Good stiff drinks in the bar as well as oysters to die for and shuckers who win contests. Seriously.
When you go to the dining room, it's like stepping into another decade. It's got that old school Italian feeling. I expect to see Carlos Marcello surrounded by his people at a back table. OK, not really since I wouldn't know Carlos Marcello from Tony Soprano...but you get the idea. 
The waitresses are all of that older, steak house variety. You know the kind, weathered, hardened and not about to take any crap, but still wonderful, attentive and knowledgeable because they've been there since the joint opened.
The Italian-inspired menu ranges across everything you can think of and all the New Orleans classics as well, but you know, in the end, it's all about the BBQ shrimp. And that might just be the best meal on earth.The end all be all of Barbecue Shrimp.  I have eaten at this place 50 times and it never disappoints.  This last visit was the best, probably due to the company I had.  Take the french bread and start the shoveling process.  Really the french bread is just a vehicle to get the liquid gold into your mouth(or you could use a straw).  Enjoy the jumbo shrimp in the process, but don't skimp with the bread.  Stop at the oyster bar on the way in for a little warm up prior to the main course if you want to.
Side note:  My family has been coming here since the 70's, so I am a little biased to this place.  As long as I am around, I will always be going back to eat at Pascal's.  Their Barbecue Shrimp is on my top 5 foods of all time!Happy Hour not very happy!  First: a throwback, no credit cards. O, they have an ATM. I am not in high school. This is an expensive tourist trap, not an off the books dive bar. The cheaper oysters (which are good and cold) must be paid for in cash at the bar.... And then you take your plastic token to the eight foot long oyster bar because you must eat your bargain priced oysters standing up crowded in with the "crowd."  Now the fun part:  the oyster shucker who is playing for tips(did I mention the bartender whom you already paid weaseled a tip out of you -- delivers oysters randomly to all of the standing customers based on some secret formula: one for you, three for the young lady, two to the guy with the British accent - you get it?  Don't bother. Very unpleasant. O, the main menu: over priced tourist trap fare. The place needs a major make over.Pascal's is an institution, or rather a NEW ORLEANS institution.  The atmosphere is circa 1957 and the memorabilia dates back farther than that.  Oyster bar on the right as you enter, bar on the left.  The place will be packed with an even balance of regulars (motley assortment to say the least) and out of town tourists.  Nothing about ambiance suggests anything exciting, but the food is outstanding.  Go ahead and order the BBQ shrimp, but don't refuse the cheesy paper bib (it's part of the schtick).  And when you're done be sure to order the bread pudding; it's probably one of the best in the city.Extremely disappointing. Walked in with an assumption that this would be a nice meal. 
Ordered the Grilled Fish Orleans. The Mahi was so overcooked it might as well been Starkist out of a can .... so the chef offered to buy me a desert.   ... Yay me.  
Paid for a meal I didn't eat ..
But the bread was ok ..Completely in love with this place!
When you walk in you are immediately greeted by the bar staff and in full view of the oyster bar. If it were up to me I would have eaten oysters and BBQ shrimp at the bar all night, but they don't serve food aside from oysters in the bar. 
The staff was helpful and friendly and even engaged in a little local celeb bashing. I'll leave much of the banter to be figured out when you go as they have a hefty Wall of Fame, but I will say "The father is the only decent one."
I can't say enough about how much I love this place. The oysters were huge and as fresh as they come. The shrimp were perfect from every aspect including seasoning and texture. 
If you come to NOLA and don't eat Pascal's, you might as well not come to NOLA. Chumps!Random thoughts about Pascal's Manale's BBQ shrimp:
Wowza--that's what they should call the butter sauce my BBQ shrimps were a-swimmin in.
I wonder if Bubba knew about this BBQ shrimp because he could have stopped right there. Forest would have understood.
These shrimp are heads and tails above any shrimp I've had before.
So worth the $25. I would have paid $26.
Awww, shucks, they were perfect after the oysters I sucked down at PM's oyster bar. 
Thank you, I'll be here all week. Try the shrimp.Absolutely amazing meal.
We started with an egg plant dish that was covered in shrimp and some sort of heavenly red sauce. 
We also had a soft shell crab covered in BBQ shrimp and sauce. The crab was the best soft shell I have had very full of flavor and perfect texture. I don't think anything more needs to be said about the shrimp, it has the reputation for a reason. 
We also had the blackened tuna covered in  crawfish étouffée. My mouth waters just remembering the meal. 
For desert we had their bread pudding. 
It was not the best I have had but it was still a solid performer. 
The only thing that could improve this  meal was the server. Louie was one of the best waiters I have had, he is Italian and knows his food. 
This was recommended to me by a friend who lives here and I can't wait to return.This place had come highly recommended, and we were very excited to try their food. Our waitress was extremely pushy, making us feel like we couldn't take our time considering our order (and later, our meal).  
As for the food... the oysters from the fresh oyster bar WERE excellent, but the main course - the New Orleans "BBQ Shrimp" (for which they drape a paper bib around your neck, actually the highlight of the evening) - was incredibly mediocre.  A few of the shrimp (which are served whole) even had a septic taste to them, which was unpleasant.  Also - why are they called BBQ shrimp when they clearly have not been near a BBQ?  Additionally, the Insalata Manale was nearly inedible (terrible green olives). The wine list was surprisingly lackluster, and we ended up enjoying Ketel One and soda instead (which were fine). 
Ultimately, we felt very rushed, and the food was mediocre. Considering the prices and reputation, we were very disappointed.If I could issue a zero star rating I would.  The famous barbecue shrimp were a frozen product not fresh and very difficult to peel. The bread pudding as it cooled down was like licking a stick of greasy butter. But the worst part was the service. The waiter approached our table with a very casual attitude as if he had know us for years. Not professional at all. The drinks were served with his hand over the top of the glass and one of the cocktails served wasn't  even ordered. I asked a young lady for some more sprite and she told me she would have to tell the waiter, really you just filled my water glass. 12 minutes later the sprite arrived. I could go on but what's  the point. Not even remotely worth the priceBeing chinese and from the bay area we are familiar with consuming shrimp in its best form, head and body and all!  The flavor is all in the sucking out the juices from the head.  The BBQ shrimp was fresh and good but was not as good as we thought.  It was disappointing and gross that the shrimp veins (bowel movement) were not removed from a pricey signature dish ($24 for 10 shrimps no sides).  The shrimp we get from koi palace in Daly City, CA is better. 
We also got the three course summer meal which was a good deal. We got the gumbo and the stuffed eggplant.  The gumbo was tasty and the stuffed eggplant was ok but was basically just a dish of eggplant, shrimp, and crab mashed together as opposed to an actually stuffed eggplant. i got the crab cake alfredo and the crab cakes were good but the alfredo was a little too rich and creamy for me. for dessert, we got the bread pudding and that was ok.
All in all, not worth the hype but a great excuse to take the Street Car for $1.25!Pascal's Manale is our favorite restaurant in New Orleans.  As tourists, we researched our meals, and all of our NOLA inside friends told us this was THE PLACE to dine.  We are so glad we made reservations and dined here.  The food is all that is advertised.  Here are two more positives:  (1) our waiter was extraordinary. By the time we left, we felt like we had a new friend in New Orleans.  He took great care of us. and (2) the people watching was a blast.  Seems like everyone in the place was a regular/local.  The whole feel of the place (especially the food) gave us a true New Orleans experience.Went here with some friends while in NOLA on business.  I had been here before ( before Katrina).  I was hoping it was as good as I remember.  It was better.  The BBQ shrimp dish is absolutely AMAZING.  The service was impeccable as well.  I did order the wrong dessert.  I ordered the bread pudding.  It was just ok.  I forgot bread pudding had raisins in it...Quintessential NOLA. 100+ years in business. While I'm sure everything on their menu is great. I've been eating here for 38 years. When I visit NOLA this is a must dinner. Couple dozen rate oysters at the oyster bar with local beer. Then main dining room for BBQ Shrimp with Bread Pudding and coffee to finish. Simply divine.This is a very special place. Old style elegance and fantastic food. I had the classic BBQ Shrimp as letters on the half shell with a glass of Californian Savignon Blanc. Doesn't get much better than that.I very seldom give 5 stars..only because for most places there is always room for improvement. However, when it comes to this place hands down 5 all the way. We had the Oyster Rockefeller and Oyster Bienville...awesome! Barbecue Shrimp succulent..The bread pudding made you want to put your face in the bowl!!! And the Service was great. Definitely a best kept secret in New Orleans..maybe, maybe not for some! #bonappetiteThis was a last ditch resort for a dinner on Friday night.  We were seated as a group of 8, which was great, since it was next to impossible to make reservations at the last minute.  
After a horrendous ride from the French Quarter, we wound up here.  The raw oyster bar was a sight to behold upon entering the restaurant.
We had a brief wait and were seated.  The menu isn't that long and to me, its odd to have seafood juxtaposed to several veal options.  Service was very slow and our waiter was super subdued.
We ordered the fried mozzarella, which was suprisingly delicious and not greasy.  I'd recommend it!
Our BBQ shrimp was a disappointment, to the point we complained about it as it was so chewy and hard to peel that it just made you feel gross.  We were rewarded with much better shrimp, but by the time we got it, we were already full.  I really didn't think the shrimp were that great - I've had much better elsewhere, even in the jambalaya I enjoyed throughout NOLA.
I give them kudos for singing to me for my birthday - nice!
The food here is RICH.  I'm not so sure that its really that flavorful - itw as just kind of meh.  Not bad, but really not that great.
We all felt so full and gross after eating the rich food here that we couldn't bring ourselves to go out in the French Quarter after.  Pretty sad.  For that reason, I'd recommend this place for lunch, so you can go for a long walk after!!!My wife and I returned after 17 years and found the oysters and shrimp to be just as we remembered - FANTASTIC.  Great owner, great food, great service,  great heritage, great restaurant.  Need to come back soon!!Beware!  This restaurant says it is wheelchair accessible but that is only by entering through the kitchen.  Very disagreeable.  To make matters worse, there is no handicap accessible bathroom.  
The food was pretty good, but the staff was far overstretched even though a group of 30+ had made reservations weeks in advance.  It took 1 hour and 20 minutes to get the entrees.  
The food was not worth the rest of the experience.I am seriously so disappointed. This restaurant was recommended to us, so when my boyfriends parents came to visit us we took them here. Immediately we were looked up and down and we could tell what they were thinking. They didn't like the way some of us were dressed. Excuse us, we just came from a tour and were starving. Next we were sat down and waited about 5 minutes to receive a menu. The server had absolutely NO hospitality. I mean none whatsoever. We felt like we were being looked at as lower class people and like he really did not want to be bothered with us. Probably figuring he was going to be given a bad tip, so why put the effort in? He never bothered to tell us the soup of the day or any of the specials, which we knew they had from overhearing a different server at another table. Well we ordered the famous BBQ shrimp. My boyfriends father was the only one who ordered the fried oysters. Impressed? Not in the slightest!!! The shrimp was way over cooked and fishy. The sauce was basically just oil,butter, and pepper. It didn't come with any sides either for the price of $26. Every single one of us just could not believe that these shrimp were so popular.  With the first bite I immediately regretted my decision. A single glance at my boyfriend and I could tell he wasn't happy. He offered his shrimp to anyone that would take it, which says a lot because he never lets anyone touch his food! It is safe to say that we were less than thrilled with our experience here. Perhaps if it wasn't for the awful service we wouldn't feel so strongly against this place and maybe would've came back to try something different, but it's safe to say we will never be back here again.Great Bar-b-que shrimp.  Second to only Dante's kitchen.  Dante's only has it as a appetizer.  Good varied menu.Always a favorite spot for lunch or dinner.  I had the Mediterranean shrimp pasta from the special of the day menu.  It was fantastic.  Of course, anything I have ever had there has been fantastic.  This is definitely one of those reliable places where you can always take out-of-town guests too even with a variety of palates involved.  The service is always top notch as well.Came across this place one night before heading to a show with the wife and thought we would give it a try. Upon walking in we both felt at home. Cash only bar in the front with fresh oysters being shucked across the way. Great atmosphere and that family type feeling from the front staff. Home to the famous BBQ shrimp which I can say I didn't try but looked amazing. Great specials offered and we had the crab cakes over pasta and drum fish with sauteed shrimp in a reduced bbq sauce. The gumbo was also very good. I am looking forward to getting back there for another great meal.The food here was really great. I enjoyed the seafood casserole. I cannot wait to eat here again. It was a very nice quiet neighborhood spot.Expensive lunch but soooooo worth it.  GREAT staff.  Amazing food, service and bar.  We didn't feel bad not being dressed up as the wait staff made us feel right at home.  BBQ was to die for and very large shrimp.  It is a must do in NOLA.It doesn't look like much. The staff is quirky. They only take cash (maybe just at the bar). But if there's a better lunch than turtle soup followed by the bbq shrimp sandwich, I haven't experienced it. Be sure to dip the sandwich in the sauce, and ask for a bib.Love their bread pudding! It is amazing.   Not a fan of their BBQ shrimp, which is what they are famous for.  You spend most of your time de-veining rather than enjoying.  Their table bread is super delcious and if you do the oyster bar, it is a fun atmosphere! great gem in a great city!I had a lovely time here this evening. It had been the kind of day that calls for grain alcohol and oysters, so Mom and I went to Pascal's. The bar tender made us excellent Sazeracs and was really nice. They  had that wonderful fragrance to them that a Sazerac is supposed to have. You get a little token for your oysters and take them to the oyster bar. The oyster guy was very friendly and personable and the oysters were ice cold, sweet, and salty. 
The ambiance was really great, too. I can't believe I've never been to Pascal's. I take it as a sign of the deprivation of a North shore childhood. Mom told me how she ate her first raw oyster at Pascal's when she was 13. It was Carnival season and she and my grandfather were in the city for some reason. He wanted oysters and took her to Pascal's. I need to go again for the shrimp and of course I want to go back for Sazeracs and oysters.Very good old (104 years old) in the garden district. The oysters $8 per half dozen and very very fresh. I had soft shell crab with BBQ shrimp. Shrimp was over cooked but the crab was good. All comes with French bread to dip in the delicious buyer sauces. Entrees are $20-$30. Nice evening with friends or a romantic dinner.I have been coming to Manale's on every visit to New Orleans since the late 1980s.  The oysters are the best I have ever eaten.
The Bar B Q Shrimp dish is unique.  The fresh bread for dipping is overlooked and is just fantastic.
This place is a must when visiting New Orleans.
What is not surprising is that my waiter informed me half of the business is returning tourists.  People that go there once return the next time they are in town.  Pascal's Manale is certainly NOT a one and done restaurant.Staying 3 doors down at Beau Sejour, this restaurant came highly recommended. It was about a 20 minute wait on a Friday Night (which is not too bad). We took the hostess' suggestion and had a drink at the bar and ordered a dozen oysters to split between 3 of us. That was in itself a highlight. They were huge and tasty and I don't think they can come fresher if we had them straight from the bed. 
We were seated in the tiny dining room which accounted for the wait. Our waiter was a little weird, but very nice. Since the restaurant is famous for thier BBQ shrimp, we went for it and split one between two of us. The shrimp are ginourmous and the "secret" bbq sauce was so good we dipped our French Bread and allowed for no waste. One of our party ordered the Veal and he liked it. I recommend you come for the Oysters and the Shrimp. It's enough!Wow, this was truly an amazing meal!  Our group shared the Sampler Roast and the Eggplant Stuffing before the meal.  Both were phenomenal.  I could have made a meal out of them alone.  
For my entree I chose their signature dish - the  barbecued shrimp and I was not disappointed.  The shrimp were large, sweet and prepared perfectly.  I am definitely a fan of Pascal's Manale.Never expected a white cloth restaurant in the middle of the neighborhood.  We really enjoyed it.  Highly recommend the shrimp and grits.So disappointed with this restaurant....My fiance and I heard nothing but good things about this place and it fell way short. He ordered the BBQ Shrimp...horrible...watered down sauce, not seasoned at all, and stingy with the serving. He said the serving was snack size. I had the chicken dish, and it was flavorless. The only thing that was good was the fried cheese. Sad. Never again.Our experience at pascal's manale was very brief, but incredibly unpleasant. Around 9pm we arrived at the restaurant after making sure to check their closing time online, which said 10pm. We walked through the doors which listed their closing time as "till" and there were people dining when we walked in. We headed towards the hosts stand where a man, presumably the host, was standing and completely ignored us... about 2 minutes later we were greeted with a sarcastic "can I help you"? And when we asked if they were still seating, he curtly replied that they were not. I am sure their food is fantastic, but I will not be going back... there are far too many great restaurants in new orleans that take care to give good service to all customers... even a group of young adults who walk in when they would rather be closed.I'm a local and was quite disappointed!  This very well known city restaurant offered ridiculously poor customer service and food no one enjoyed.  Maybe if you dine there as a tourist and you don't know any better you'll be satisfied but the nine of us that dined there and had a variety of their dishes we not pleased with the bland food.  Did I mention the poor customer service.... I can't tell you our waiters name...b/c he did not provide it. We were told only one check per table but that we could pay with as many cards as we needed so we did....it seemed to be a problem. We had to find the waiter to pay, then we had to track down the receipts to sign so we could leave. Once we did, we were not told thank you for coming or any sign of appreciation for our patronage.  Perhaps it's b/c we were a table of nine black local ladies. Maybe your experience will prove to be a better one if you are a white tourist.  They seemed to be getting the required service from their wait staff. Thanks to our bus boys for taking care of us. Needless to say the nine of us and anyone we can get word to....won't be dining here again!
Good luck with this one folks!Came in close to closing and terribly underdressed after a long day with rain. They were gracious and food was really good- old fashioned/ iconic food!I've been here many times and will always return. Classic neighborhood restaurant in Uptown New Orleans. Famous for their BBQ shrimp, but I gave up wearing bibs years ago. Their oysters, fish and veal are always spot on. Friendly, efficient staff does a great job as the tables are always full of eager and hungry customers. A must eat for every visitor to the Big Easy!Best, biggest raw oysters in the city. The wait is worth it if you stand at the oyster bar. Several good Italian dishes are also on the menu.Loved the history behind this place, as well as the atmosphere. When you first walk in, there is a group of gentleman shucking oysters in front of you and they are so entertaining. To the left is the bar area, and you're completely surrounded by pictures of celebrities with their compliments and autographs. The staff was very warm and friendly that we almost didn't want to leave for the dining room. We were taken back to our table where we had exceptional service accompanied with great food, to say the least. We would recommend this to anyone staying in New Orleans, and we will be back for more.Just not impressed. Their specialty of barbecue shrimp was s huge disappointment. Ordered a side of spaghetti and asparagus and born were extremely bland. Very loud and service was nothing special. Unfortunately I would not return for a second try.the BBQ shrimp really is as heavenly as everyone says - they serve it with a giant loaf of crusty bread to sop up all the delicious sauces, and paired with a glass of wine, it's basically the perfect meal.This place is a must-go if you are visiting New Orleans. If staying in the French Quarter, take the old car to maximize your New Orleans experience.
Their signature dish, the BBQ shrimp will add on 5lbs but is to die for. Be ready for the waiter to tie on a huge bib before enjoying this dish. Every appetizer we ordered was delicious, you can't go wrong.
The bread pudding is REAL southern bread pudding. They even give you the recipe to this tasty treat. 
If feeling guilty after all this fatty consumption, take a 3 mile walk back to the French quarter and enjoy viewing the beautiful mansions (while trying to avoid getting mugged).A lot of hype about this place and I was told I must go.  They are the inventors of BBQ shrimp.  I'm a big fan of the BBQ shrimp at a restaurant in the Quarter, so I thought I should try it by comparison.   I was extremely disappointed.  It had almost no flavor.  It seemed almost like the sauce was just butter and pepper.  Luckily, I had a friend with me that had eaten here before and I asked him to try it.  He agreed.  This is not the BBQ shrimp he had grown up on and loved.  At first, I thought it might be a bad day, but I've noticed other reviewers also complaining that the sauce had been altered or was missing ingredients.  With that being said, the Chicken Orleans was phenomenal, the wait staff professional, courteous and attentive.  The restaurant itself charming and clean.  If you go, don't bite into the hype of the BBQ shrimp unless you're know they are back to normal.  Perhaps they will let you taste the sauce before you order, otherwise, you're just in for a big disappointment.The oyster bar and Thomas are World class. and the barbecued shrimp is really good. In fact, it may be the only reason to eat here. Unfortunately the attitude of the staff from the bartender to the waiter is pretty dismal. They are rude and appear to have much better things to do than be bothered waiting on you and heaven forbid you should have any questions about the menu. In a city that is full of extraordinary restaurants and really nice people, take a hard pass on this one.This place is fantastic, love the story behind it, the history and the awesome food, one word wowThe restaurant had a historic feeling to it, with all the pictures of famous people and sort of the ambiance of being a place where the mafia frequented. I had the barbecue shrimp po-boy, which was not what I expected and thought was really good. I would not go for dinner where they give you a bib and make you peel all the shells, but I would definitely go for lunch again for it. Service was really good too, but I might be biased since my boss's daughter's boyfriend works there :P.Carpeted. Also overpriced and unoriginal. And carpeted. What's up with New Orleans and the carpeted restaurants made out of converted houses?I found this restaurant overrated.
Pros: Nice atmosphere at the raw bar...lots of room to wait...nice drinks area...friendly folks...
Cons: Extremely loud in the dining area...had to speak with raised voice to be heard...dishes were nothing extraordinary...the house special BBQ shrimp dish was simply a dozen or so steamed shrimp in a sort of piquant brown sauce and that was it. For $26, this didn't seem like value for money. Two in our party ordered the dinner special drum which while tasty was a smallish portion with no sides...also overpriced.
I don't recommend P's M and don't plan to return.Excellent BBQ shrimp. Wonderful service. Easy to book. We had a party of 5 and was well served. We had not been there for nearly 25 years as we're from out of town, however, it was the same as we remembered it, nearly 25 years later. It will not be that long before we come back again.So we had a big group initially on RSVP, but our group of 15+ went down to 10...So the area we had reserved, the maitre'd or whatever was a bit rude to us. We didn't know and plans change. We offered to let the extra table which fit 5 people come into the room and we even scoped out people to join us (company dinner). But the guy was still being rude and said it was too late and wasn't going to sit that table of 5. 
So the barbecue shrimp was super yummy! A bit pricey (although I wasn't paying) but yummy! I also ordered the crabmeat and scallops pasta which wasn't too exciting or great. Oysters were awesome!! Very meaty and perfectly salty but not too much.I was somewhat disappointed with my experience here. I had heard huge things about the BBQ shrimp, but was left questioning what the hype was about. Yes this shrimp are huge and it is a neat to have experience a historic restaurant of New Orleans, but I will probably not be going back. 
Just to give a point of plus to the restaurant, the staff was really helpful, nice, and knowledgeable.The chicken was so good, until it was coming back up 4 hours later. I have never thrown up so violently in my life. I continued to feel bad the next day. Needless to say I won't be going back.Recommendations: Oyster Bienville and Crab Cake Alfredo.
Oyster Bienville - baked oysters with bacon, shrimp, and mushroom. It was creamy and very flavorful. It is served with a lemon so add as much juice as you want to it. I highly recommend this appetizer.
Crab Cake Alfredo - special - creamy Alfredo with prices of crab meat mixed in and 2 crab cakes. Very flavorful. I would order this again
BBQ shrimp - I am not a big shrimp eater. The presentation was nice, the waiter comes and puts a bib on you. The shrimp is cooked in butter and black pepper. I personally would not order this again. 
Bread pudding - I ordered this because a lot of people praised it on yelp. I quite enjoyed it. Although, I am not the biggest fan of raisins.
Service 5/5: the waiters seemed very attentive to all the tables. My waiter was very quick to show up whenever we needed something. He checked in with us multiple times and as I said they bring you a bib and tie it for you! After we finished with the shrimp he brought out hot towels for us to clean our hands.The WORST service I have experienced in NOLA. From the moment I walked in I knew we were in for a good one. The restaurant smelled like old money, a 17 year olds trust fund, mixed with neck beards and GOP propaganda. I was called out for my dress code violation in THE MIDDLE OF THE DINING ROOM. Could have told me 5ft before we got to the dining room. Did she call out the old guy wearing a Hawaiian shirt and shorts?? Of course not. The best part about my entire dining experience that lasted 5 minutes was when our waiter completely ignored my friend when he was asking a question about the menu. Our waiter was literally staring at the wall. 
BTW, if your going to make me remove my hat, don't make me pee in a trough next to a rusted out sink.This place was recommended by my husband's coworker. We were pleasantly surprised by the amazing food. I had the lemon butter catfish and my husband had the bbq shrimp sandwich, both from the lunch special. Complete with a starter of turtle soup, and finished off with caramel custard. Everything we had was phenomenal. My husband enjoyed both meals, thoroughly. Altough Pascals is famous for the BBQ shrimp, we concluded that the catfish was the highlight of our meal. If you're in the garden districr of NOLA, this place is a must!Loved the BBQ shrimp special. AND that the chef came out and discussed my gluten-free options, and offered to do it with rice instead of bread. 
Service was friendly, attentive, knowledgeable. My husband, a native, felt the French bread was the classic NOLA item, light and airy with lots of crunch in the crust. 
A really nice NOLA place.3.5 star dinner review. This is a cool place, and they'll hook you up with a private room if you have a larger group. We had lots of food and this is how they stacked up:
Rockefeller oysters were good but not great, a little too much topping on the oyster. The raw oysters however were wonderful, especially with the powerful and delicious horseradish sauce. I had the catch of the day - a trout with crab on top. It was served in this divine sauce/broth. To me that ended up being the best meal choice. I tried some of the stuffed shrimp, seemed to be the same stuffing as on the rockefeller; these were quite good as the shrimp themselves had excellent flavor, but I would have done with more shrimp and less stuffing. I tried some of the bbq shrimp as well, and the bbq sauce is quite nice with a little bite - however that wouldn't have been my choice of meal. They also provide plenty of italian bread to sop up all of the goodness on the table. You'll have a pleasant meal here.This place has been here forever it seems, it has a very 40-50-s vibe to the decor and general layout. The bar is oddly cash only but they accept cc's in the dining room. There is a very good oyster bar right in the bar, making waiting for a table nicer than just sitting there for 30-45 mins (not an unlikely wait) while you have a dozen and a drink. They say they invented the BBQ shrimp here, perhaps, and its very good (especially with the warmed bread they provide), but its really large shrimp in butter, with lots of pepper and some extras, and although I and my companion enjoyed it, it is more pricey then it should be. The rest of the meal was solid neighborhood stuff in the New Orleans tradition, the gumbo was good but not great and the rest of meal also in that class. I found the wait staff attentive and we were seated in a timely manner. Overall, a very nice experience but it is more expensive than you might think, its not a place to eat if your a super value oriented consumer.Pascal's is a legend-- I grew up drinking from a souvenir mug that my parents bought at the joint on one of their trips to NOLA.
I ate here over halloween weekend--my fourth time since @1995-- and it was still everything I remembered.
The bar is killer with old-school bartender Eddie Boudreaux--he told me he has worked at Pascal's for 33 years!  Good sazeracs.
The oyster bar is a classic and only costs 9.50 for a dozen--plus one extra "just because" according to the pro shucker--also a local legend but I did not get his name-- who will keep you engaged and entertained as you slurp away.
The food remains awesome in all regards with tasty french bread, friendly-- but not pretentious-- service, fairly priced wines, and dishes that never go out of style.
Of course we had the barbecued shrimp--not going to come to Pascal's without eating this dish.  We also had some very good fried egg plant with a shrimp creme sauce on top and  the best turtle soup we have ever had--it actually had big chunks of turtle meat in it, and remarkably refined bread pudding.
One nice thing to see was that while all the "old head" staff is still there from over the years, Pascal's has had an infusion of younger waiters, back waiters, and other staff.  Our waiter Louis was great and he filled us in on fun things to do for Halloween, looked up some decent local music shows for us, and even hipped us to a really killer Halloween party .  I only hope this new generation sticks around like the older people so that I can see them when I return to this restaurant in the future.
In other news, not only did Hillary Duff walk in and eat with her mom and some other folks while we were here, but members of White Zombie showed up to get some oysters.  Some people denigrate this place as a "tourist" destination, but I don't see it that way...  
It's an institution.
I think the best way to get to Pascal's is to take the street car up St. Charles.  It stops like 2 blocks away and is an easy walk. A cab from our Esplanade hotel was @13$, you could get there and back on the street car for like 4$ eachDelicious meal! DH had bbq shrimp and they were cooked perfectly. I had the special which was crab cake Alfredo with crab meat in the sauce. It was heaven. Rich and creamy and full of huge chucks of crab. Service was wonderful. It's a nice place but no stuck up feeling about it. Great oyster bar in the front to hangout and have some fresh oysters.great raw bar! that's all i can review.
to do it go to the bar, order a dozen oysters (or more) and you'll get a chip, bring it to the raw bar and redeem. find room on your own.
good stuff.It feels like a place that let itself go.  Drinks were made improperly, at best. Old-fashioned looked and tasted like a Shirley Temple. The food was pretty good: we had the BBQ Shrimp, Oysters Bienville, creamed spinach, wedge salad and fried crab legs. The server seemed annoyed we were there.  The atmosphere is too loud and bright in the dining area. I don't like to use a cell phone flashlight to read the menu, but dim the lights a little bit. Too many other good options in NOLA to give it another try.This was the best meal I had in New Orleans - better than Delmonico.
Pascals Manale INVENTED the barbecued shrimp dish that they are famous for and I cannot recommend this messy delight enough. The only thing that can beat it is to follow it up with their homemade pecan pie with Blue Bell Ice cream on top. 
Heaven.Nice restaurant but it feels small and contained.  We were a party of about twelve and were seated in our own room separate from the main area.  The service was good for the size of our party, and everyone seemed to enjoy their meal.  The decor is unique. I like the autographed photos and newspaper articles.simply lovely evening.  we began with oysters, and they were fresh, tasty, and the horseradish?  fresh fresh fresh.
our waiter?  was a very informative, and funny gentleman, and was at our beck and call.   of course?  I had the turtle soup, and added some sherry, just for the fun of it.  YUMMY
then BBQ shrimp, since this is THEE spot for it, and it was delightful.  the bread for goodness sakes, made the buttery  goodness even more fun, as we sopped up the goods, and finding the black pepper in the bottom?  hot and spicy.
the veal was wonderful, the key lime pie, the custard, gooey, and all of it made my day.
I highly recommend this for a tourist and locals destination.  wonderful new orleans cuisine, and atmospere...This review is solely for Oyster Happy Hour- we visited "Uptown T" at Pascal's over at the oyster counter, and he is a fantastic shucker. You get your token at the regular bar for a dozen oysters during happy hour, and Uptown T shucks them for you one by one. You mix your own cocktail sauce in the corner, no frills, very simple. 
The oysters are fabulous and fresh. Talking with Uptown T was great as well- I recently bought an oyster knife of my own, and T had a great time giving advice and keeping us entertained. It was a great visit to Nola and I will absolutely be back for happy hour on our next trip.Oh, it is good.  Forget the cab ride, and take the street car.  It's a block away if you get off at Napoleon.  My local friends took me here, and locals in New Orleans are even fussier than San Francisco.  I tried my partner's BBQ shrimp, and despite the fact that he had to essentially disembowel the thing for me, (he had the bib, not me) wow, was it good.  I had a pasta thing that probably contained about 6,000 calories, but it was completely worth it.  I won't say "Forget Commanders Palace", but you're missing out if you go to New Orleans and miss this place.Surprisingly horrendous, disrespectful experience.
I am a religious Jew and was asked to remove my kippah (small head-covering). I politely informed the staff that it was religious attire, and I'd prefer not to remove it.  A manager was brought over, who noted it was "policy" and "doesn't look normal" anyway. Evidently he was also imbued with the religous authority to determine what is and what is not acceptable Jewish attire.
This created a disctinctly unpleasant and hostile dining experience. Sadly Pascal's Manale seems trapped in an era marked by intolerance and antisemitism. I thought as a society we have moved beyond, but I suppose this restaurant is a disappointing reminder of how far we still need to go.How Far The Mighty Have Fallen .   We're career restaurant pros from SF and have attended 30+ JazzFests and been to NOLA over a dozen other times. Pascal's Manale was always a predictable, fun, busy, excellent 'go to' place for BBQ shrimps. Among the best in the City for years. Now, not! We arrived at 9:00 on Thursday night of First Weekend. There's always been a long line and the bar scene was electric. This year, no wait, three Yats at the bar, and a half full dining room. The Oysters Bienville were pretty good with their fantastic sweet French bread. But when the BBQ Shrimp arrived, terrible. The shrimps had been cooked a day or two ago. They were tough, mealy and awful. Even the friendly staff agreed with us that time has passed this venerable old place by. Stuck somewhere in the 60's or 70's, it's time to refurbish the Old Gal, put the quality back into the preparations, or put it out of its misery. It's heartbreaking to see the neglect by ownership and management let this place slip into oblivion. Have some pride folks! Or shut it down. Yuck!Without a question one of the top places to go in Uptown!!!  The raw oysters were as though they were just pulled from the bay.  Entree was incredible and the bread pudding was just amazing!!  Will for sure be returning to this historic location!!I had a dozen raw oysters.  You can't screw that up.  They were good.  The service was mediocre.  The deco was tattered yellowed photos of has been athletes and stars who apparently came here in better days a looooong time ago.  The BBQ shrimp has to be an acquired taste like balut.  I thought they were just downright nasty the shrimp was old and a little ammoniated.  Come here if you are nostalgic for Nawlins's broken down past.I have been here several times in the past and always enjoyed it. This afternoon we came in for the oyster happy hour. We were seated at a table not realizing that the happy hour was only at the small oyster bar. Our server at the table was condescending and very rude and said," you need to find a seat at the bar, do you really think a happy hour would be in the dining room? Where are you from?".. we are from here and do oyster happy hours all over the city. went into the bar and there wasn't a single seat. Talked to the bartender and got our chips to order oysters and asked if we could get an appetizer while eating oysters since someone with us didn't eat oysters. We were told we "had to be seated at the bar to order an appetizer." No seats. Also condescending and rude. Why couldn't i order it standing up and eat it elsewhere?? The only redeeming part of the experience were our 2 oyster shuckers who were absolutely entertaining and kind. Oysters were delicious as well. Won't go back unless our oyster shucker became our waiter or bartender. Horrible service.I give it a 4 because the food wasn't the greatest bur the ambience was. You walk into this place and feel like you've gona back in time. The first thing you see is the oyster bar. Very cool. To the left is the alcohol bar. Then there is a waiting area with old pictures and newspaper articles framed. We ordered the famous bbq shrimp of course. I like how they give you a bib for this. I order the veal gambero. And also cheese sticks for apps. I loved the cheese sticks, big and fresh mozzarella cheese.  The bbq shrimp that comes with the veal is nothing special. I've had better bbq shrimp at dickie Brennan and blue crab. The veal, though, was excellent.I'd leave no stars if I could. My dining companion had the Pascal salad and the stuffed shrimp. Both were unremarkable. I had the turtle soup. It was blah. My main course was the combination pan roast. It came out with the top charred black. It only has 3 very tiny oysters in the bottom of the pan. If there really was chopped shrimp and crab in the dish, it certainly couldn't be tasted or seen. It was mostly seasoned bread crumbs finely blended. Any restaurant should have more than one quality item in it's repertoire. Especially a restaurant that is so expensive. 
Worse yet, it was literally a painful dining experience. I have never before experienced the high decibel of sound in a dining room that I experienced there. The noise levels made it impossible to converse with my dining companion or hear a word the waiter said. After requesting that he repeat things several times, I gave up trying. My dining companion and I both left with a headaches. It was horrible. 
Sorry, although neither of us had the bbq shrimp, no restaurant is worth that much discomfort. I will never be back and will never recommend this establishment. There are too many other really wonderful dining experiences to be had in New Orleans. I feel as though I was robbed of $100!!!!Really bad service. Food was okay but not great! When you wait for food and drinks way too long for a pricey meal, it is not fun. If they paid me to go back, I would say no thank you!Another treasured lunch at Pascal's! Superb food and gracious service.  This time, Jill was our server and couldn't have been more hospitable. Our busser was also extremely helpful and friendly.  We have no particular food recommendations, they are all fresh and well-prepared.  My wife's blackened catfish topped with shrimp etouffee was particularly special, my more "routine" chicken piccata sublime. Old school in the best way. Comfortable yet with a winning formality. Totally professional, with warmth.As a tourist visiting this city and staying in the Garden District, this came to us highly recommended by several locals. The crab and scallop dish had very tasty fresh seafood, but the pasta and sauce was just okay. Others at my table enjoyed their dishes a bit more. I have to say the bread pudding was quite delicious. Service was cordial and quick. Overall, it was okay.A friend of mine told me about BBQ shrimp, and after googling it to find out what it was, I felt like it was the only thing I've ever wanted in my entire life. (It's shrimp sauteed in a special spicy, creamy, buttery, salty sauce.) Fortunately, our Airbnb was just down the street from this place that apparently invented the recipe for BBQ shrimp. 
The restaurant was pricey, so my friends and I called ahead to see if we could order the BBQ shrimp to share at the bar during happy hour, rather than eating a full meal there.  The person we talked to said it shouldn't be a problem.  We stopped by happy hour for some reasonably priced wine and oysters, but unfortunately they were so busy that they refused to serve us entrees at the bar.
This meant we had to follow their really complicated, un-intuitive, scavenger-hunt like instructions to complete our happy hour goals. We had to make three weird stops within the same restaurant: The first stop was at the bar for drinks, where we paid for our drinks and oysters.  At the bar, they gave us a token to redeem our oyster. Fortunately, we were allowed to take our drinks to the oyster counter, and we stopped there for a while to redeem our oyster token. The oyster bar wasn't comfortable or relaxing, but it's definitely a fun experience.  They shuck the oysters right in front of you, and it's so small that you will be forced to befriend the other customers on either side of you. After the oyster counter, we stopped by the actual restaurant where we got a table to order our BBQ shrimp. 
We were trying to avoid this last step, because the restaurant is pricey, and we just wanted to order a couple of dishes to sample for our group. Fortunately, our waiter Louie was fantastic and completely understanding of our situation. We ordered the BBQ shrimp and the oysters Bienville, which are stuffed with a delicious mystery stuffing, and I think broiled. (Our server actually did tell us what was in the stuffing, but I forgot).  
We were all really full before we even got to the restaurant, but none of us had any regrets because of how delicious all the food was. Definitely worth a try for anyone visiting New Orleans.We went here upon recommendation from a friend. I ordered the BBQ Shrimp and my husband ordered the crab cake special. My shrimp were absolutely delicious, as was my husbands crab cakes. I was surprised that the shrimp were not served with some pasta, just a huge full bowl of shrimp and for $26, I think a little fettuccine on the side would be nice. My husband thought the crab cakes were a little small.
The service was outstanding. I imagine more so because we were the ONLY people in the restaurant. The Hostess was kind enough to tell us it was "happy hour" and that if we were ordering alcohol that we could get the "buy on get one free" special only available in the bar. The bar tender was super friendly. 
If we ever make it back to NOLA, I think we'd go back to Pascal's, but maybe for lunch.I read these less-than-four-star reviews and I wonder what the hell these people are used to, to give this restaurant less than four (or more) stars.  I'm not from New Orleans, but I got there as fast as I could:  this place is an amazing value for the money.  I haven't tried the BBQ shrimp yet because I can't get past the Oysters Rockefeller and the Oysters Bienville, some of the best I know of.  I particularly like the way that PM pipes the filling of the oysters, and the 'half-and-half' of six of each is a very full meal, rich and satisfying.  The service here I needn't go into:  spit and polish, poised, and old New Orleans.  God help you get service like this anywhere else.  
Where are these people from who begrudge this place the rating it deserves?  Paris?  Lyon?  Milan?  Barcelona?  If they are from New Orleans, it's understandable:  NOLA's denizens get spoiled from the richesse of what they have, lucky people!  That's the only explanation that makes any sense.  It makes my mouth water thinking about this place.Not only is the food delicious and they deliver it time and time again. The staff is excellent. On our last visit a few weeks ago the restaurant wasn't very crowded and we were seated in one of the dining rooms with another table of guests who we're doing FaceTime with someone. When it's crowded and loud is one thing but when there's one other table with no regard to other diners it's annoying.  They handled it beautifully.  We will continue to come here whenever we're in New Orleans.Was recommended here by a friend, excellent choice!! Service was great, had some authentic NOLA drinks and baked oysters were incredible. A must.I recommend crabmeat & scallops. It was extremely good; not too heavy, flavored well & portioned perfectly to fill my belly & offer everyone else a bite at the table. The raw oysters tasted like pond water. I don't understand it, I'm still sad about it. Maybe the tank they're held in needs to be cleaned (my son's aquarium sometimes smells they way the oysters taste). The oysters Rockefeller were fantastic. Every other meal at the table; especially their famous bbq shrimp were outstanding. Service was great.This was our first time here. Our server Jeanette was awesome. The oysters bienville was really good. The soft shell crab was excellent. My husband enjoyed his veal marsala. We highly recommend this restaurant.Fantastically disappointed and wished I had made more of a point about it rather than just paying! I went for lunch and had been recommended the BBQ shrimp.  Since I was having an early dinner I wanted a smaller portion and decided to go with the shrimp sandwich instead of the entrée size without the bread since I have to be gluten free. The waiter asked me if I had wanted the shrimp pealed or not since the ones that come on the sandwich are smaller and pealed. I decided to try the unpeeled ones since I was visiting and wanted the full experience. The sandwich comes with soup or salad the soups had gluten so I went with the salad. The salad was over dressed tiny and soggy. The shrimp come out and was a bigger portion than expected but I figured maybe they threw a few in since I wasn't getting bread and the bowl did still have fewer shrimp than other diners. I tried to enjoy them but they were bland and did not seem fresh :( the heads were falling off, never a good sign and some of them were mushy. Then I was in for a huge surprise when I got the bill they had charged me for the entrée which was $26,  $11 more than the price of the sandwich AND charged me for a side salad! I was pissed I asked them about it and they said they were sorry about the misunderstanding and took the bill and my card. They left me waiting for over 10 minutes I was hopeful they would be somewhat helpful with the bill BUT NO! While I waited they handed the bill to and cleaned up three other tables who left before I got my bill back and they had charged the full amount to my card! WTH... I was just so completely done I left no tip and left, in retrospect I wish I had complained more... Please avoid if in the area...This is a gem. The food is very rich! I don't eat seafood but was told it is excellent. Homey atmosphere and friendly professional service.Horrible! We ate at several place while in New Orleans. This was so disappointing. The food was flavorless & more than overpriced, even for a tourist area. I can't believe this restaurant can survive in a town that is known for amazing food. The crab had shells. The BBQ shrimp was flavorless. The service was terrible. Don't waste your money here with so many other restaurants around.Food was reasonable. I had veal which were very thin dry pieces. Pasta & sauce were good. My husband had the grilled fish which was served without sauce and was a little dry. Overall: kinda pricey and small portions.
Waiters take a long time. We asked for a little extra sauce which came when we were almost finished and they charged us $3 for it. Also the soft drinks come in tiny glasses with lots of ice and refills are not free!My friend suggested coming here as she had memories with her parents, and wanted to show us a nice evening. The service we had from our server was horrible, however I saw many people around us receive great service from others on the wait staff so I don't think that's typical. 
Other than that the food was great, I had the special of the night, a local caught black drum topped with the house BBQ shrimp. It was okay, but the sauce had quite a bit of tang, careful if you're looking at that. Also had the seafood oven baked appetizer - very very rich, but great with the bread they bring out. 
All in all, it was a nice evening out with friends, but next time I'd just get the BBQ shrimp by itself and call it a night!Think this place has been over hyped. So if course got the BBQ shrimp, where BBQ shrimp was supposedly invented,  they were good but again a little overhyped. I also started out with the turtle soup which again was just good. The service was amazing and very accommodating considering eight guys who had been drinking (a little hahaha) . Atmosphere is a good high scale feel without being snobby other than I was wearing a hat and they do not allow hats which is understandable. So you might ask why four stars and the only reason this place gets four stars is due to the oyster bar at front of restaurant where the service was friendly, quick and had delicious oysters!!!! Fun atmosphere and great place to start the night for a nice dinner or like I was just hanging out with the guys.It has been a number of years, betweeb visits and it should not have been this long. 
Happy hour Oysters ate worth the trip, but adding on BBQ shrimp...wow!Went there with five other guys and we all loved it. The BBQ shrimp is freakin awesome.Awesome BBQ shrimp. Also the alfredo pasta side was really good, a bit on the heavy side. This restaurant has great service and really good food. Would recommend.Its oyster bar is amazing and their prices are equally awesome, a dozen for $15. The maître de is very unresponsive and aloof. However, the rest of the staff is attentive and responsive. The ambiance is very loud and not conducive for an intimate occasion. I only reserve the last star due to the maître de.We had the BBQ shrimp sandwich and it was flavorful and delicious. The bread is fresh and warm and the gumbo was great too. The ambience wasn't stellar and it's a bit of a drive from the quarter, but worth the trip.Excellent food and service with great ambiance as well. Catered to the kids and everyone had a great time.I was craving some of LA finest raw oysters. It's a myth that you can't eat them in warm months. Pascals Manale has an awesome oyster happy hour. Be nice and tip the man who shucks them. He is also a great conversationalist. Great wait staff as well. The oysters were the size of my hand. Could have been a little saltier but you can't control Mother Nature might be the reason. But icey  cold and sooo goodSee my profile. This is what I chose for my last meal on earth, and that's no joke. The barbecued shrimp, which is a New Orleans classic, originated here and Pascal's still offers some of, if not THE best in New Orleans. The place is old school to the core because they do what works- great service and outstanding food. If you manage to have room after dinner, they have a great bread pudding.
Oh, be advised- the place isn't open every night- I missed the opportunity to eat here on my last visit to New Orleans. But when they are open, this place is well worth the long trip on the streetcar from the CBD.Went 12/23 with the family. Got the bbq shrimp. Not bad but not nearly as good as Mr Bs. Happy hour seems ok though. Bread pudding was good.BBQ shrimp was absolutely amazing, I will have dreams about it. The seafood gumbo was surprisingly mediocre. Bread was amazing. Raw oysters amazing. Best meal in NO with possible exception of Stanley!From the moment we walked in it was what we were looking for. Cane our waiter was very attentive. He was not on the talkative side because he was busy and kept it rolling. The food was yummy!! I had the Caprese Salad and I think they just picked the tomatoes. Then onto the Veal Piccata!! The flavors just melted in your mouth. I would highly recommend  to anyone to eat here. Thank you to Monica and Michael from The Canal Street Inn Bed and Breakfast for suggesting this place.This review is focused not on the whole meal we had on a recent visit but only on the famous BBQ Shrimp which has been a staple of this restaurant for  so many years.  This was my 3rd visit  and occurred late March 2018.  The first two visits I made here were 30 years ago, once with my boss and once with my wife on our honeymoon. Things change in 30 years so we really didn't know what to expect.  My wife, a friend and I all ordered BBQ Shrimp. To get to the point, the shrimp were very difficult to eat because they shells were sticking to the shrimp.  We would basically obliterate each shrimp as we worked to free it from the shell.  This pretty much just destroyed the enjoyment of the dish.  It also results in a much messier experience.  The butter spice concoction was ok and though it HAD been 30 years ago, my wife and I didn't remember the flavor as being as good as way back when.  Overall a disappointment.  Furthermore, we had to continue to ask for bread to accompany the buttery dish as soaking that bread in the sauce it all part of the experience.  So that detracted from the enjoyment as well.  We probably won't risk going back to Pascals, sadly. Although the ambience is so fantasticOh my. Our meal here was wonderful. We arrived late in the afternoon on Lundi Gras and ate before Orpheus... Six adults total.
It took a while to get seated and the hostesses were a little snooty, truth be told. 
The food really made the experience!  Started with 2 dozen oysters, which were so plump and delicious to be shared between 4 of us. Then I shared the turtle soup and the wedge salad with my friend. The salad was tasty, though be it a little overdressed.... Easy there, garde manger. The turtle soup was kinda boring, tasted like a thick chicken stew. As an entree, 3 out of 6 adults got their signature BBQ shrimp and lovvvved the dish. My friend and I shared the Grilled Fish Orleans, which was served with spaghetti and topped with artichokes and mushrooms. It was phenomenal. 
In terms of service: good for the most part. I mentioned the hostesses above. Also, there was a good bit of time in between courses. Not sure what that was about.Not the experience we expected. I brought my family to New Orleans and specifically to Pascal's Manale for my mom's pre-Birthday celebration because she loves BBQ shrimp. We waited way too long for a server to actually come over. They never brought bread until we finally had to ask for it. And after ordering 5 orders of BBQ shrimp, which bread is key for the leftover sauce from the shrimp, again no bread. We told them it was a bday celebration, we ordered bread pudding which has about 4 bites and to add insult to that, they charged us, no comp. What happened to this place?! No one seemed very enthused to be working there. So sad for such an awesome established restaurant.
With all the competition in NO, they need to get there groove back!!When I first had BBQ Shrimp here over 20 years ago, I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Every time I am in NO, I have to go here. I also found their traditional bar drinks right on. They started the BBQ Shrimp recipe and are the kings in my book.I was super excited to go to Pascal's Manale when I was in town for Mardi Gras but other than the BBQ shrimp (which is the main reason we went), I found myself disappointed. We were a bit early for our lunch reservation so we enjoyed a drink in the bar. The service was really good and our drinks were tasty. I told the hostess we had a reservation but she never came to get us. 15 minutes into our reservation, I finally asked and it was obvious she forgot about us. Tried to order oysters from our table and were told it was a hour and a half to a two hour wait, which is ridiculous. The service was not good - it was obvious that our server did not want to be there! Drinks were also more expensive when ordered from our table so drink ahead of time in the bar! The BBQ shrimp were amazing, which is the only reason for my 3 star rating, but I'll probably try a different place next time I am in New Orleans.I had dinner here with my girlfriend this past Saturday night. We had reservations for 8:30 and arrived on time, were seated immediately, which was great. Our waiter came over and introduced himself, let us mull over our drink orders. The annoyance started when I ordered a glass of wine and our waiter asked me for my ID. Really? Not only is that incredibly tacky in this nice of a restaurant, but who the hell is going to Pascal's Manale to ~get wasted~ illegally anyway?
I got my wine and by the time our waiter came back to drop off some delicious French bread at our table, we were ready to order. We didn't get any appetizers, but I got the veal parm and my GF just got a bowl of the soup of the day. The veal parm was good, but it's nothing my mom couldn't make better at home. Maybe I should have ordered something different. My GF loved her soup.
What further annoyed me about this meal was that I felt very rushed the whole time. OK, so we're not middle aged business men or a big family, give me a break. We were the youngest people in there, which should have been a red flag for me. I am Italian, and I enjoy taking a long time enjoying my meal and the company of whoever I'm with. I had to repeatedly ask our waiter for more time/stop him from taking away our plates. Then, in the same stroke of setting down our desserts, puts the check on the table, and grabs it five minutes later and I have to stop him AGAIN because, you know, I'm still enjoying my dinner and not thinking about the bill yet.
Anyway, back to the food. For dessert, I got the bread pudding. It was mediocre, but still tasty. My GF got the chocolate mousse, which she gobbled up in a flash.
Another thing that annoyed me was that they didn't have cappucinos. You're trying to be an Italian restaurant...and you only have American style coffee?
Sigh. In all, the food was good, but nothing about this place made me ever want to go back.First of all if you walk into this place the smell alone makes your mouth water.  You have to definitely get their BBQ Cajun Shrimp.  It's not technically BBQ but the flavoring of this dish brings tears to my eyes... Dip your bread into the sauce after, its a wonderful cajun buttery goodness.  The pastas there are awesome.  
STAY AWAY from their combination pan fried plate.  It's a casserole dish that is way too decadant for me.  You should get the appetizer size of this and share it with others.  Eat it with bread.
All of their pasta dishes are to die for.  
They have this cocktail drink that really can mess a person up.  It's called Fire Fly.  It's a tea that's brewed in 100% vodka.  Yep just like a long island but more concentrated.  Taste good and sweet from what I hear.This is a Nola institution! You simply must eat here at least once in your life. 
The bbq shrimp was to die for. I'll admit, I was a little frightened at first because they are served with the heads and feet on still-- but the bbq sauce they come in makes you forget that all too quickly. They're HUGE too- they make tiger prawns look like wimpy little shrimp. 
We started with some eggplant and crab dish. I also had a cup of the gumbo- it was soo good!
What really made our experience here was our waiter. For the life of me, I cannot remember his name, but he was hilarious and gave us some great suggestions for bars and things to do. 
The food was great-- not the best meal we had in the city, but definitely worth checking out and likely returning on our next trip back.I think this place and many places like it fall into the "my grandparents used to take us here when we're kids and we loved it" type of nostalgia that always seems to paint things on the more positive side. 
The lighting and ambience was on par with an operating room, you could see the dining section from outer space if the roof blew off. 
The service wasn't great but the staff seemed friendly enough and certainly tried. It looks like there are a lot of lifers working in there, which can be a great thing or bad thing, depending on the individual. Our gent wasn't trying to answer 20 questions, he was busy and his curtness reflected it. 
Started with a dozen raw oysters on the half shell which seemed very fresh. Had plenty of red wine vinegar mignonette on the side. 
The BBQ shrimp is what you be forced to try it if you come here. It wasn't bad but for some reason the batch I had refused to let go of their shells - I ended up destroying half of them into tiny bits before heading into my gullet. I was a sloppy mess by the time I got done. 
The broth was really good and the best thing I had... it was perfect for dipping bread. 
Speaking of the bread, it was warm-ish and came in a branded bag which was fun, but once you start trying spreading the ice cold butter on it... it too gets smashed and destroyed. 
I got the side of Au Gratin potatoes which were decent and loaded with that baked crusty cheese. 
Had a salty spicy Bloody Mary with dinner and we skipped dessert. 
This place is worth checking out once.The flavor!  I can't express enough how good everything  I ate was here. The food has so much flavor and it was divine. My mouth was just yearning for such good food.I was here a couple times before and since the reopening after the storm I was not impressed but I decided to give them another try and I am glad I did.  Although their service leaves a little to be desired it still keeps it New Orleans charm.  The winning aspect is the oyster bar and the food.  The bbq shrimp were delicious with the perfect seasoned butter just waiting to be sopped up with New Orleans French bread.  I had the crabmeat and scallops over pasta with a creamy sauce...with a little salt this dish was absolutely Devine.  The veal parm was also another favorite of the table.  For dessert you must have the mousse!!!! The bread pudding was very good with a wonderful sauce... Beware of the pecan pie, needs some work.  Over all I truly enjoyed my dinning experience and I am glad I gave them another chance.  I definitely will be back and will recommend to others as well.The food was ok. Just ok. The stuffed shrimp was not good. The BBQ shrimp are good. But next time I'm in New Orleans I won't be going back. The place is overrated.Cash Only @ the liquor bar / raw bar!!  By your booze and your "oyster tokens" at the bar while you wait for your table.  You'll get a red chip you can take to the raw bar and trade in for a dozen.  Go ahead and buy 2 or 3.  That will guarantee you about 50 raw Louisiana oysters.  
there's an ATM there, FYI. 
head over to the raw bar, place your drink down, and turn around to mix up your own cocktail sauce (ketchup, horseradish, lemon, hot sauce) and grab crackers, napkins, etc.  now you are ready.  cash in your chip(s).  stand, eat, and enjoy.  
Thomas will probably be working the raw bar.  Don't fall for his "i bet i can put 12 raw oysters on that plate as fast as i can snap my fingers" joke.  Make sure you have cash money in your pocket so you can tip this man.  He does good work.
as for the restaurant, who cares....BBQ shrimp were great but everything else was only ok. Tourist place that is living on its past reputation. Hostess and wait staff were not friendly and we felt rushed. 
Had to send my cocktail back because there was no alcohol in it. And it was expensive! 
I'm disappointed. It was my first visit even though I lived here for 20+ years. I wanted to enjoy it.Wow again this is our go to restaurant in New Orleans. 
Well of course we ordered the BBQ shrimp. They bring you the bread in a paper sleeve (bag sounds bad. The oysters are  in a half shell and so fresh. The cocktail sauce you make it and add more or less horseradish. I ordered chicken dish and hubby ordered the BBQ  shrimp  and they brought him  a bib.Omg! What a wonderful meal!! Great service! Great food!! U must try the BBQ Shrimp! Everything from soup to entrée to dessert was so delicious! ! You Must check it out! Great experience all around!!We came here for a wedding party. Had a reservation for 9. Cut our photo shoot short because they wouldn't hold our table more than 15 min. Arrived to an empty restaurant. Our waiter had a bruise on his cheek (from a fight? Probably!). Happy hour oysters ARE ONLY AT THTHE BAR. Okay. We'll go eat them there and then return to our families after some nice shucking! Oysters and shucker (Rodney) were fantastic! Meanwhile our waiter TOSSED THE APPETIZERS ON THE MENUS of our non-oyster-eating family members. They were appalled. We returned from happy shucking to sour faces. Waiter wasn't surprised when we asked for the check. Didn't even look me in the eye. Didn't ask what was wrong (even though we were leaving before we even ordered entrees--they couldn't order entrees until everyone was seated). So obviously he knew what was wrong. He was wrong. The restaurant was wrong. Their rules and complete disregard for the needs of customers were appalling. --- Too bad. We're great tippers. And IT WAS A WEDDING PARTY! Shame on you Pascales!After hearing glowing reviews from a friend and checking the website, we decided to try Pascal's Manale happy hour as it was prominently mentioned on the website. We arrived promptly at 3pm to be told that the happy hour was limited to the very small bar which had no available seats (not mentioned on the website). We thought possibly we could enjoy the happy hour at one of the barrel tables in the bar area but we received no further information and stood being ignored for 10 minutes before leaving. Clearly no one at Pascal's Manale was interested in our business. We're very disappointed as we were really looking forward to dining here.A definite NO.
Service was OK. Not great or poor, Just OK. The food was nothing to pay for. At the prices they charge, if I was served this quality in my hometown, I would have refused to pay.
Go home you say? Well, I ate MUCH better BBQ shrimp on the same trip to New Orleans. Try Deanie's seafood on corner of Dauphine/Iberville for excellent BBQ shrimp served with bread!! The bread at Manale's was very bland, comes in a paper bag, and very crusty and dry..
Bland? We ordered grilled asparagus side, whoa! No seasoning, just asparagus, grilled. Gordon Ramsay would have flipped his lid. Seriously, wheres the oil or butter, hell, at least salt and pepper.
So here's the down low, the place is old and prices are high for the meal served with a paper napkin and paper bib. Just silly. My girlfriend rated the $37 filet equal to a $18 filet at a cafeteria style buffet. Yes we eat good steak, often $40-50 or as much as $35/lb at our local butcher. The BBQ shrimp was also pretty bland, the seasoning was almost non existent in the butter they were swimming in (I know, supposed to be like that, swimming I mean, but should also have flavor besides butter). 
We didn't have the oysters, but consider our other orders, why bother when Antoine's has the BEST "Oysters Bienville"!!! - forget Rockeller and Thermidor all together!!
Anyway, Manale's is a definite NO. I seriously don't understand the other reviews. This place is a joke. The waiter didn't even ask why I only ate two of the shrimp!!! He even took a second look surprised that I said take them away.
Total bill = $91 and change, tipped $13.50 cuz its not the waiters fault, but will NEVER return and I recommend you save the cab fare and eat elsewhere.This neighborhood institution is full of ambience and history. When we mentioned that we saw pictures of Peyton and Eli on their celebrity photo wall but no Archie, our waiter not only took us to see the Archie wall, but also brought out pictures of his mom with Archie. They are famous for their barbecue shrimp, which are very messy and $25, but worth it. One member of our party balked at the expensive po-boys and lack of free refills, but you don't come here for free refills. All in all it was a memorablI've been meaning to write this review for sometime now.  My dad is from Louisiana and has visited New Orleans several times. He Insisted we visit this place to start off the celebration of my college graduation! Upon looking at some older reviews, I was unsure of this place. I should've never questioned my dad because he was so right about Pascal's Manale! 
We visited Pascal's on our first night in New Orleans (Monday) the restaurant was not crowded whatsoever and we were in no rush. Before sitting down at the table my family and I ate fresh oysters from the oyster bar. This was a really fun experience, considering I'm from Ohio and places like this are pretty nonexistent! This was the first time I tried oysters, and now I can say I actually like them! 
Once we were seated at our table, our server brought us their fresh bread and butter, which is always a nice touch. For dinner, my brother and dad ordered their famous BBQ shrimp and crawfish étouffée. My mom and I ordered the crab cake linguine! Now for the verdict..... 
crawfish étouffée: absolutely delicious and it was my first experience eating it!
BBQ shrimp: I tried a few and really like them!! In my head I pictured shrimp smothered in BBQ sauce. However, this is not the case. The sauce is very light, yet flavorful. Be prepared to use your hands and get messy. You peel the shrimp!
Crab cake linguine: this is hands down one of THE best meals I have ever had. I'm typically not a huge linguine fan because the sauce that comes with it tends to be overwhelming. This was not the case. The sauce was creamy with amazing flavor and the crab cakes were some of the best I've ever had. They had a zing to them because of the bits of bell pepper inside. 
In general, I don't have a single complaint about this place. Our server was nice and professional and the food was beyond amazing. I really love the feel and ambience of this place. One can certainly tell there is some history. If you're ever in the New Orleans area, take a break from the French Quarter and eat some real, delicious food! I can't wait to go back!!Uptown.  Creole Italian.  Since 1913.  Famous bbq shrimp are amazing (its not bbq in the sense of the red thick sauce - its swimming in a brownish soup that is amazing), good side dishes.   Closed Sun.  Open Monday 5pm.  Casual but one very haughty maitre d' will sniff at any mistakes, but the rest of the service was good.A classic New Orleans restaurant.  We came in on a Friday night without a reservation and they were extremely accommodating to me and my three Tulane student guests.  The service was attentive without being obtrusive, and perfectly timed.  We started with raw oysters, very good.  I had a gumbo, which was delicious.  The others finished with bread pudding, which they raved about.
In all, a very good experience.  Highly recommend.Pascals is overall a solid eatery in NOLA. I got the eggplant and shrimp appetizer which was very tasty, everything was cooked perfectly. I then decided to get their famous BBQ shrimp which was a bit of a letdown, it lacked some real flavor and substance, but it did have a good portion. The bread pudding dessert was a great finish though.
Overall, just a-okay for this restaurant, especially given the stiff competition in the French Quarter.You can only have one first impression for everything. When I ate a piece of the bread I knew it was going to be a wonderful experience. Best bread ever. 
I had heard about the BBQ Shrimp. Better than I could have imagined. But the biggest surprise of the night was the red pasta sauce. Absolutely delicious. Worth going here just for it. 
Had to have dessert. The bread pudding was also delicious. 
Overall, just a wonderful meal. Can't wait to go again.Literally just walked out. Came here for dessert because we've heard the bread pudding was to die for. Once we were seated the server was so rude to us after we said we were here for just dessert. Wouldn't look at us, barely answered our questions, just straight rude. On our way out we let management (I'm assuming one of them were management) to cancel our order as we no longer felt comfortable dining at their establishment. Neither one said a word to us just looked at one other. I work in the industry and this is completely unacceptable.Fantastic oysters, memorable BBQ shrimp, casual (but nice) setting. Loved it, highly recommend it.I brought my brother, sister-in-law and toddler nephew here for lunch a few days before Christmas.  Service was lovely.  The seafood gumbo was great for my brother. I loved the fried eggplant, as it was delicious as always. My sisterinlaw had the chicken parmigiana which was a huge plate of pasta and chicken with a tasty sauce and lots of mozzarella cheese on top!   The staff were so nice and didn't mind my noisy nephew.  There are many different rooms to dine in, so the atmosphere can be "adjusted" or selected according to your needs.  The grilled fish of the day with the sauteed shrimp on top had a fabulous buttery peppery sauce, too. And, their house special olive salad was awesome, too with artichoke hearts, tomatoes, pepperoncini peppers and more!! Grilled asparagus made a nice side dish to the meal.  All in all, a great meal for local New Orleans food!  Yum!  
Of course, oysters are freshly shucked here - they are famous for it, but my family is not into oysters, oh well, next group of guests can enjoy them!I was told this place had the best oysters in town.  But it doesn't.  Having been disappointed with oysters prior, I asked our waiter for one to see if I should order it at all but he didn't oblige.    He was also very condescending to other restaurants in NOLA. I won't mention the stuff he said but, Dude, you don't need to trash other restaurants, keep it classy.   I ended up ordering the half dozen oysters for starters and it tasted like the same oysters I had earlier from the restaurant the waiter was trashing.  The food is average.  The experience was tiring because of the braggadocio attitude of the waiter.  Its one thing to be proud another thing altogether to be annoying.Will not return, do not recommend. 
We were so excited to try the home of the new orleans barbecue shrimp. The dinner was extremely disappointing! We ordered the a garden salad and caprese (special for the creole tomato festival) salad, Barbecue shrimp, side asparagus, filet (med rare) with a baked potato.
First things first - the place feels really casual. paper on tables. French bread in a paper bag and butter to start. Eh. The bread wasn't great. then came out the salads. Nothing special. 
Out comes the entrees. The shrimp lacked flavor and were more difficult to peel than other barbecue shrimp i had had on this trip. My boyfriend ate three, just because he was starving. Filet cooked properly but not seasoned. I never have to salt meat, but this just was boring. Asparagus not seasoned. Potato came with nothing (no butter, no sour cream) We asked for sour cream and received about a tablespoon. Had to ask for more and be specific about the portion.   
We have no problem paying similar prices for a good meal, but this was ridiculous. I would never return, and would never recommend. 
Although our server was decent, he needed to speak up. We had to have him repeat everything and couldn't make out what the specials were. In addition, he didn't mention them all. I heard another server name specials we didn't hear. 
All in all, Overpriced, under-seasoned.I'm leery of restaurants that people refer to as traditions or institutions, as if sticking around is virtue enough. When you walk into Pascal's, you see framed and autographed pictures of faded and/or dead celebrities adorning the walls: George Burns, Merv Griffith, some guy whose name I forget who played an eye-patched helicopter pilot in an eighties movie. The whole restaurant is steeped in the same musty nostalgia, right down to the insanely calorific menu.  Nothing wrong with that, but I wasn't thrilled by the service or the food. After we placed our order, a geologic period passed before we saw our waitress again. I think she was working at two or three different restaurants down the street and running back and forth. Then, finally, the food, which just wasn't that good. There was a buttery one-note sameness to everything: the veal, the shrimp (peeled), the gumbo. To be fair, the other people at my table loved what they had---the BBQ shrimp, the crab cakes--- so maybe it was a matter of what I ordered. Two stars from me and four from them, so split it down the middle.This one is a three based ONLY on the fact that PM is an extended family favorite - I'm not sure we would actually return for dinner here (even if invited by said extended family), but we did appreciate the reservation they made for our large group during Mardi Gras.
Bright spot of this meal was our server: she was fantastic. Second bright spot was that some of their wine selections aren't horribly marked up. We were happy to order two bottles of a favorite for about half of what we would pay at other restaurants.
An earlier review (Dec 2017) made the comment "definitely living on their name rather than the quality of their food" .. I would have to agree. Nothing really good going on here .. we shared a lot of tastes around the table; nothing caught my fancy. I ate about a quarter of my meal.
One thing good (I just remembered): the bread pudding. THAT was good.My favorite NOLA restaurant. The BBQ shrimp is amazing, also the bread and shrimp dishes. I'm going there tonight since I'm in town!!Upon visiting friends in New Orleans, Pascal's Manale (many say Pascal Manale's -- which is WRONG) was recommended.
Finding the long time local spot was a treat -- getting away from the French Quarter's restaurants.
The outside was unimpressive, yet it had an old charm about it. 
Upon entering, we found ourselves in a great mix of young and old, local and tourists in the know, which translated to over an hour wait for a table.
We immediately took spots at the oyster bar and it's 45 year employee oyster shucker. We each had over a dozen, huge, but deliciously fresh oysters accompanied by local beers. 
After generously tipping the old oyster shucker, he slid me the biggest oyster I'd ever seen and with a smile said, "If you can eat this one, you're more of a man than me." 
The thing had to be over 6" long.
But, I had just enough liquid courage in me to grab that challenge by the shell and slide it down.
It was half way down and half way still outside my mouth when spots began to appear before my eyes. My gag reflex was about to kick in, yet with my pride at stake, I summonded the courage and fortitude to continue.
I got it all down, but felt like a Reverse Jonah who had swallowed a whale.
I did it and received a round of applause from friends and surrounding patrons as well as the admiration of an old, long time, PM oyster shucker.
However, I really had to work hard to keep from losing it.
Finally our table was ready. The ambience of the dining area was warm, friendly and busy. We ordered the specialty BBQ shrimp, which arrived in their full prawn splendor as if plucked right out of the sea and boiled in a thin, not too flavorful BBQ sauce. 
The heads, feelers, legs and shell all came with and had to be discarded before we got to the meat of the matter. So, it was like having a dockside dinner.
The flavor was fine, but nothing to "WOW" about. The accompanying side dishes have long been forgotten, yet the entire meal and service was one of the most memorable in all of my life.
I would return to Pascal's Manale simply for the oysters and the memories.First time since Katrina. Tommy at the oyster bar, Wendy our waitress and the food was all perfect. My old Tulane buddy in town and I couldn't have picked a better place. ThankGod, some things never change!Simply excellent BBQ shrimp- although a bit pricey. The veal marsala is very succulent and filling, yet the restaurant is mostly known for its generous BBQ shrimp. The shrimp is very buttery and greasy, so you must have a strong stomach to withstand it. I've gone here several times, mostly with my parents because of its high price... expect paying around 20 dollars per person, although it's well worth it.The barbecue shrimp is incredible. Be prepared to look ridicules when they tie the bib around your neck but its part of the experience of getting the dish. The sauce is excellent for dipping their fresh french bread in, it soaks up all of that buttery goodness. Also, they have awesome cannolis and pecan pie for dessert. Great atmosphere, very old New Orleans style.This place was awesome. Came late after a long walk from the French quarter. Staff was amazing and food did not disappoint. Can't wait to come back! Raw oysters were delicious and tasted really fresh. Had scallop and crab pasta. So much flavor!The food and staff were both amazing. For a place like this I would expect to pay two hundred dollars for three people. We left paying under one hundred. And we each had a plate and ordered an appetizer and shared a dessert. FYI the Alfredo sauce and mozzarella sticks were great but the shrimp was to die for! I recommend 100%!We went in before a show at Tipitina's. It was one of my late father's favorite places, and as I grew up, it became one of my favorites.
As I grew up, and traveled to New Orleans for business, then eventually lived there, it was a frequent dinner stop...
Used to call my father in Houston from their payphone by the oyster bar, and all I had to say was..."Guess where I am?" and he knew. It's a family tradition, and my son will know this place in a few years when he's 15 or so...
We order the things we know well - BBQ Shrimp, Oysters, Beer or wine.  Never disappointed. This time, they had a large group that refused to leave, that wound up pushing our 8:30 pm reservation back to well past 9 pm. Be prepared to wait on the weekends, even if you have a reservation.
Still, one of my favorites!This a classic New Orleans restaurant.   Famous for its BBQ Shrimp but it is much more.  I had a great steak (filet mignon) cooked perfectly. It rivaled any other steak house for quality!   It is a family restaurant and a business lunch restaurant.  My lunch guest had one of their luncheon specials.  
Looking forward to my next visit.Absolute classic. Either the restaurant or the oyster bar, you can't go wrong. You can get your drink at the bar and buy a chip for a dozen oysters then walk cross the room and cash it in for for some NOLA's freshest, tastiest, creme de la creme oysters on the half shell. Love this place. Don't miss happy hour...First time diners here. Atmosphere was great. They have signed clelebrity photos in the lobby and large windows overlooking Napoleon in the dining room. Wait staff was attentive. Never had to ask for refills. 
We ordered BBQ shrimp and the 3 courses for $35 summer deal. We were disappointed with our BBQ shrimp. Sauce was super thin (like broth) and lacked seasoning. I really hate to say it, but they were the worst I've ever had. Not sure if thats how they always serve them, or if we went on a bad night. With the 3 corse deal, the eggplant app was very tasty. Fried eggplant with a shrimp tomomato based creole sauce. Yum. Alfredo needed more seasoning, but you could taste the freshness of the seafood come through. Bread pudding was ok. Wanted key like pie but they didn't accept substitutions. Don't know if we would return. For the price, too many other great places I feel confident about in Nola.My first experience at Pascal's Manale was excellent. VERY casually dressed, we walked over to this restaurant not knowing what to expect. We sat at the bar, where we ate delicious New Orleans inspired Italian pastas, which was perfect since we were extremely hungover. The bartender was an old gentleman with a great smile, and he couldn't stop talking to us about his memories of Bourbon Street before the cover bands and chicken shacks invaded. I didn't mind since I love to talk as well.
Recently, after shopping in Jackson Square, I hopped on the Saint Charles street car, got off at Napoleon, and started walking home. Since I didn't eat anything all day, and the weather was cold, I figured now would be the ideal time to sit alone at the bar and enjoy a hot bowl of gumbo at Pascal's Manale. I was so disappointed to discover that I could not order food at the bar, only drinks...and was offered a table for one. No thank you. I alone am not going to occupy a waiter's table, so I left upset.A must....BBQ Shrimp and Italian favorites...I can't describe what is so special..the whole place is...Just go...Started going there in '77.....go early...If I had to hear "You HAVE TO try the bar-b-q shrimp at Pascal's Manale!" one more time... so, I took the pricey $20 cab ride from the French Quarter all the way deep into the Garden District, because I knew that if I didn't I was always going to regret it.  So, it was decent enough - large (not jumbo) shrimp complete with heads and shells, sitting in the world famous BBQ sauce (btw, fellow Yanks, this isn't a sticky/sweet tomato based sauce, it is a butter and spice sauce).  It was pricey, small portions, adequate side dishes, slow service (of course everything is a little slower in NOLA).  It wasn't horrible, but it also wasn't worth the $40 in cab fare plus the $100+ dinner check.Great History and a wonderful personality and overall vibe. I love this place and have loved it since I was in college. The oysters are phenomenal and both Thomas and Dr. J will entertain you till no end. The BBQ shrimp is a life changer and the turtle soup is excellent. It's great to see this place up and running again.The acoustics are horrible. The noise in the room was deafening. A party of four trying to carry on a conversation was close to impossible. While the food and service was good, the distracting noise made the dinner a miserable experience.Great food and service by Joe. Had the BBQ shrimp, both oysters, chocolate moose and pudding cake. All great.Bang for your buck: 10/10
Quality: 10/10
Service: 9/10
Ambiance/Location: 9/10
Overall: 10/10
Oysters Rockefeller and oysters bienville are out of this world! Pascales is known for its peel and eat BBQ shrimp, but I think the oysters are so much better!
The service is good in that it's efficient, but it can lack a certain friendliness dependent upon who you get. We've encountered a waiter who was great and recommended a lot of other wonderful places for us to try, a waitress who was cold and stand offish but got the job done, a bartender who was so sweet but couldn't remember what drinks we ordered, a manager who grumbled at us for taking a drink out of the bar and to our seats once we were seated in the dining room, and a security guard who literally yelled at my husband for trying to take an item of trash into the restaurant to throw away. So, as I said, the customer service truly depends on who you speak to.Can't stop by Nola without stopping by this place and trying the famous barbecue shrimp. It was all delicious- my husband and I started with the oysters Rockefeller and each a cup of gumbo and then shared the barbecue shrimp. Some of the best food and amazing service all the way from the server, server assistant and bartender. Each were as welcoming and engaging which complimented the traditional Nola fare.I can only say good things about the food...very good.  Very good service as well. But while the food and service was good, the place is terribly loud. The high ceilings and lack of anything to absorb voices (window treatments, etc) results in a VERY LOUD room. So much so that I could barely hear the people at my table and really couldn't wait to leave. I just had to get out....ambiance - not so much.The potatoes Brabant were one inch cubes of French Fries without butter, garlic, or parsley.  The filet was stringy and overlooked.  They do a few things good but the rest of the menu is ordinary.I went here after meeting the chef one night at Henry's Uptown Bar. I told him I was new to the area and he gave me his card and told me to try out this place. I'm so glad I did! EVERYTHING was delicious. The bread was delicious. The butter was delicious. The BBQ shrimp was unbelievable. The crab cakes were melt-in-your-mouth and perfectly seasoned. The service was impeccable and the bananas foster for dessert was out of this world. I think this is my new favorite restaurant! Definitely a go-to for special occasions.My husband had fond memories of going to Pascal's Manale with his Dad while growing up in New Orleans, so we brought the whole family there for dinner on this visit to NOLA.
Service was warm and friendly from the moment we arrived. Our server was very attentive and made the children in our party feel welcome and important. 
The wine selection is average, but we enjoyed a bottle of one of our favorites, Chateau Montelena, for $65, a fair price in-restaurant.
My husband says that the menu size has shrunk considerably over the years - not surprising in these days of high food cost. 
Naturally, we started with BBQ shrimp for the table. The kids enjoyed seeing all the adults wearing bibs and they are definitely necessary! We were disappointed in this famous dish. The shrimp were overcooked and the sauce lacked zest. However, the bread for dipping was hot, crisp, and plentiful.
Salads were good. I had an order of the sautéed spinach as my salad and it was excellent. Nice portion sautéed in good olive oil with plenty of garlic and a touch of lemon.
Entrees were a mixed bag. The kids loved their spaghetti and meatball. A good selection of kids entrees is offered. I had the seafood in marinara over pasta- terrific! Really fresh shrimp, oysters, etc. in a very good marinara sauce. My stepson had the oyster roast and didn't care for it, so we switched plates. I liked the dish, but not as a main course. It reminded me of my late mother-in-law's oyster dressing. My husband had the veal parmigiana. He rated the veal and the Parmesan cheese ok, but the marinara excellent. The 12-year old had the crab cakes Alfredo and loved it. 
Overall, we enjoyed our visit to this New Orleans institution. Hopefully, they will up their game to more consistent quality on the entrees, especially their signature BBQ shrimp.Ok, I have been to NOLA a number of times and eaten in some of the best restaurants ever.  I have to say this did not disappoint.  Bread Pudding is just what they say in all the reviews, the best!  I had the bbq shrimp and my friend got extra bread so no sauce went to waste.  Go here if you get the chance.We've lived in Nola for 3 years now and we'd heard it's a tourist trap but wanted to give it a try since it's been around for so long.  We made a 9pm reservation on a Saturday night.  They were still pretty busy at that hour but got us seated in a back corner.  Our server was not at all interested in us.  He was obviously just doing his job and put no effort into it.  We ordered salads, turtle soup, bienville oysters as appetizers and they were all pretty decent.  For entrees we had chicken bordelaise (just awful) and 3 different veal dishes (all just ok).  For dessert we had bread pudding, custard, pecan pie and it was obvious they were not fresh.  Will not return and will not recommend to locals or visitors.I had high expectations for this place, but I was slightly disappointed. 
My friends and I tried two different appetizers, two soups, and three different entrees. The red sauce on the veal parm was delicious, but everything else lacked salt and general flavor--even the BBQ shrimp!
I would return but only for the red sauce only--this place was a flop on the creole food!Pascale's Manale is the perfect embodimentm of the Creole-Italian mixture. I hate to beat a dead horse, but the BBQ shrimp are great and oughn't be missed (unless you have the opportunity to eat some home cooked ones instead). I had the fine pleasure of showing up on an evening when the special was fried drum toped witht he BBQ shrimp. it was amazing. The tender fish was swimming in the butter sauce. The waitress made sure we ALWAYS had pleanty of french bread at the table to soak up the wonderful sauce.
If you are staying in the quarter (even though you really should be staying up river of canal), its a 20 minute street car ride ($1.25) away; its a block away from the stop at Napoleon (the halfway stop).My second time to Pascal Manale after years ago. I remember the raw bar being very good, which still is. Our reservations was at 8pm, due to another commitment I called and asked if we could come earlier than 8pm. The man on the phone was short and rude, but did say come on in and we will try to work you in earlier. I asked if there was a long wait, and answer was yes, sometimes. I agreed to come at 7pm expecting to wait a bit. We got a drink and oysters at the raw bar, which was great! At 7:30pm my husband asked if there was a table available, ( same man on the phone ) said we will call you and leave me alone attitude. So we waited, at 7:50pm I walked up and ask the man  if anything was available. He asked our last name, which he did on the phone when I called. He knew we came in early, he said your reservation is at 8pm. I said "I understand but I called, and we have been here almost an hour". Instead of saying something reassuring, he said, " your reservation is at 8pm, get out of my walk way and I'll call you"! I am beside myself at the behavior and customer service. I asked him who the manager was, he said " your looking at him". Wow!!! As a manager I understand there are challenging nights and demanding customers, but what I don't understand is how he handles the situation. How he spoke to us was unacceptable and should not be tolerated. The manger here needs to take a class on customer service and etiquette. If you can NOT manage the high volume stress level of the restaurant, then you should not be there. Very upset at the management and will be sure to tell everyone!!! I would have given them zero stars if it wasn't for the raw bar, those two men work very hard to service waiting customers. The food was okay, very heavy home cooking. The amount of butter and heavy cream on every dish, ..... it will kill you! I forgot to take a picture of the bowl of butter two inch deep that my shrimps were swimming in. Horrible!!!Wonderful restaurant, wonderful staff! Don't-miss dinner location for any trip to New Orleans. BBQ shrimp + Taittinger Champagne = heaven!I could not have been more impressed with the delicious food and excellent service. A great dining experience.If I ever had to have a last meal the BBQ shrimp po boy would be it hands down
I've eaten all over the us and Europe and it is hands down the bestThe food and atmosphere awesome!   Key Lime pie y'all.. woop woop! Ask for Lou.   Excellent waiterI was really excited about my first meal at this well-known Nola eatery. I brought some friends to celebrate a milestone.
The bar/lobby area is interestingly old fashioned. Many head shots of celebrities past and present line the walls. You can order raw oysters and drinks while you wait. We were shown to our table through a seeming labyrinth of rooms and hallways, past private dining rooms filled with festive revelers. 
We were seated and immediately engaged by our server. This is where things started to take a turn towards our eventual disappointment. Our service was quick but otherwise horrendous!  Our server was rude and clumsy. He served and cleared tables from the same spot, reaching over us in the process. He stepped, bumped into or kicked us regularly.  He often dropped as he cleared, sending bread bags or flatware onto our laps or plates. He seemed in a bad mood. We tried to ignore the service and concentrate on our celebration but it became increasingly difficult to do so. When our entrées arrived, we were experienced further disappointment. The kitchen rushed to plate my meal meaning; the pasta was not drained. The water had diluted the Marsala sauce into a flavorless puddle. My meal was ruined. The final straw.was when I placed cash in the check folder. The waiter asked (without looking inside), "Did you want any change?" This is completely inappropriate!   What would the change be for? He was basically asking if it was his tip, which should never be discussed with the customer (never mind it would have amounted to about 40%).
How this waiter has gone under the radar of management points to a much larger problem for the once grand institution. Save your money for the myriad of excellent dining options in this wonderful city.I'm late with this review, but wanted to convey my thoughts.  Five of us came in for dinner after a long day at Jazz Fest. Upon being seated, the first thing one observes is that the acoustics are horrible. The room was deafening, easily the loudest restaurant I have ever eaten at. Carrying on a conversation was close to impossible. Guess people like that here?
I ordered a dozen raw oysters. 45 min later they were brought to the table. They must have been sitting out for a while because they were warm and not fresh tasting - sadly disappointing.
I ordered the signature "BBQ" shrimp. They were unique and I liked them but, how to put it, not quite remarkable enough in my view to justify the high price (everything is a la carte).  
Our waiter seemed annoyed that he had to serve us. Of course we had the usual assortment of inane questions, which he probably couldn't hear, but he showed little interest in working with us.
I think it's fair to say that while we had a good time, we were expecting more.Just to be fair we had very high expectations about this place. The raw oysters were completely tasteless. The pasta with crab and seafood edible average. "the famous BBQ shrimp" ok...the keylime pie quite good....pricey and hard to get there ( $ 15 each way by taxi from the French quarter). The food in New Orleans is great! Think twice before choosing this place...Picture this... a local restaurant tucked away from the touristy areas in Uptown with old-school professional service and outstanding fresh oysters.  The tiny oyster bar, which has room for perhaps 8 guests (is standing only), had the MOST amazing oysters and all the fixin's.  Let me say it again... WOW to those oysters!  Had a perfect balance of sweet and briny.  Super meaty.  After a few dozen, we opted to check out the dining room.  Service and food were good.  Ordered the creamed oysters & shrimp spread with breadcrumbs, which was kind of like a shellfish pate and was pretty good.  For soups, the Gumbo & Crab Chowder were both just OK.  But, the Turtle Soup was simply outstanding!  After weighing our options, we decided to simply to order another dozen of fresh oysters!  And, they were just as tasty... even after all the other food.
We'll definitely be coming back, especially for the oysters!10 Easy steps for conquering your visit to Pascal's Manale. 
1. Make a reservation. 
2. Visit the fresh oyster bar, and be sure 'Uptown T' is working that night. Been working there over 40 years and is known for how he preps and serves them. 
3. Drink a French Martini...or 3. 
4. Eat bread. 
5. Order the BBQ shrimp. 
6. Wear a bib. 
7. Eat the shrimp. Be sure and scoop up all the yummy spices at the bottom. 
8. Order the fettuccine alfredo with lump crab meat. 
9. Unbutton pants. 
10. Die happy. 
Few tips. 
-Be prepared to wait (even for reservations) 
-CASH ONLY for booze bar and oyster bar. 
-Awesome people watching. 
-Service is fine. Don't bitch about it. 
Eat food and enjoy. You're welcome.Did I just eat at the same restaurant others are reviewing?? This place was horrible. When you walk in it's smells musty. The decor sucks. It's not charming in any way shape or form, it's just old.  And the food sucked! My son and I went there for lunch. He got the gumbo, which he ate less than a half a bite of. It had a really strange taste to it. In fact, he said it tasted like King vitamin cereal. Which is really odd!! But also 100% accurate. That's exactly what it tasted like. For our appetizer, we got the seafood pan roast. It was nothing more than a bowl of mush. Highly seasoned mush. Why this is even on the menu is beyond me. But then we finally got what we had really come for, the barbecue shrimp and grits.  What a huge disappointment! The grits were lukewarm and had absolutely no taste to them. The shrimp were just medium sized, peeled shrimp in a brown gravy. Maybe they do it differently because we were at lunch, but I was expecting a plate of huge, shell on shrimp. However, what I got was pitiful.  And unappetizing. I would have given this place zero stars, except the service was excellent.Deliciously messy meal that we seek out every trip. Try the sazarac at the bar while you wait and watch the oysters bring shucked. The BBQ shrimp is the best!I met up with a few friends for dinner. This is a great part of NOLA. The wait was minimum at 10min. The service was very very good! The food was so good, you will not be disappointed. I had the special, grilled drum topped with BBQ shrimp, a cup of gumbo and we all had the amazing bread pudding. Wow.