Tourist trap no doubt. Still a fun place early in the day. Don't eat here. This is a place to drink.I guess this place is famous, but we stumbled in accidentally just looking for a place to sit down and cool off. The patio bar is lovely with fans to cool off. The waiters are super formal but service is very slow and we weren't even offered the option to get a second drink. I guess this is the home of the Hurricane drink, so they automatically charge you $3 extra for the souvenir glasses. Even though I just got a lemonade, I had to pay for the glass, then go up to the bar to "sell it back." Annoying! We might have ordered food and more drinks if given a chance. Oh well.Drinks are insanely strong. It is always busy. 
We sat in the patio and the staff did a great job of getting us a table quickly. They were really friendly. 
Make sure to turn your glass in for some money back if you aren't keeping it!Yes, super touristy but a must visit while you're in NOLA.  The Hurricanes are a little sweet for my taste, but they still go down very easily (visit Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop for the best Hurricanes).  Be sure to sit in one of the quarter's best courtyards and enjoy the people watching.  If you do order a Hurricane or another of their speciality drinks, don't forget to return the glass to get your $3 deposit back (the drink price includes a deposit that you can get back if you return your empties to the bar).Pat O'Briens is SO MUCH FUN!  Not only are the drinks incredibly strong and DAMN tasty (The Hurricane = A Slushy Red cup of Alcohol and Loving coolness in the Gulf heat); but, the Piano Bar is such an enjoyable and different experience (especially after a cane or deux)!
Consisting of a bunch of bars with two huge patios and pianos, Patty O's was one of my most memorable experiences as a tourist in a foreign city.  At the Piano Bar (where i spent most of my time), two amazing artists duel by means of audience requests written out on napkins in the dark.  Everybody in the severely dim lighted audience gazes and sings along together with the women at the piano playing renditions of random requests.  Mirrors above the pianos magnify the music and the entire experience.
They offer some sort of discount, where you can keep the signature Hurricane cup and pay less for the bill-doesnt really matter; just go, REQUEST, SING, DRINK & ENJOY!It was so disgusting. We wanted to sit on the patio but apparently you can't eat your meal on the actual patio?? So instead they place us in an alleyway and I'm stuck next to an extremely hot brick wall. The shrimp was gray and I just gave up and ate a hot dog from a street vendor.Great mint julep! 
Great hurricane! 
The music is poppin' and the environment is very fun. 
Great place to eat (we waited in line for about 20 min) but so worth it. 
Great for large groups. 
The fountain in the center Is on fire! Literally. 
October: set up for Halloween. Some people in costume.Home of the HURRICANE!
This is one of those places which you would call a tourist trap.  The room is hella dark with 2 people play the piano.  Lots of tourist in here singing along.  I guess if you're tourist, it's good to come here once in your life.   I tried the hurricane and it tasted like koolaid with a lil alcohol.  WEAK!  I guess it's just not my thing and I'd probably won't be back.Great meal. It was a extremely busy when we were there, so service was slow. But the meal was very good. The had the shrimp and grits. The grits were fried and the crunchiness was perfect with the shrimp. I'd return.Home of the Hurricane drink.  My partner wanted to stop here to experience the drink.  The drinks are well-made with plenty of alcohol.  There was music and partying.  KInd of loud but not in a bad way.  Happy, happening place.  The college frat boys can be kind of obnoxious.  We enjoyed the visit.Lunch in the cafe here. Not impressed...institutional food. A tourist trap in every way.I have been here twice, once in the courtyard, but this time walked into the bar and there were dueling pianos which was so much fun!! Hurricanes are must and you can return your souvenirs glass and get back $3 if you dont want to take them home.What can I say but "Hurricane" can I have another? Tip: you can get the cash back from your glass if you return it to the bar.Complete tourist trap with dueling pianos like every other piano bar I've been to, but the bar tenders were extremely friendly. They made it very clear that if we didn't like a drink we could have another at no charge. Expensive drinks though.Solid location in the French Quarter, Right on Bourban St. One of the best court yards in the quarter. Nice knowledgeable staff, great atmosphere and who wouldent love a water fountain infused with fire. I think Pat O's has some of the best Hurricanes in the city and the Mint Julep is a solid contender too.If you rather sit inside check out the piano room, they usually have some pretty great artists clanging away on the keys.Decently nice staff.
Great patio for daytime drinks.
Drinks were good enough, the gimmick of they auto charge you for "souvenir" glasses that you must return to the bar to get a refund on is super lame. Taking advantage of people knocks them down a few in my book.I was told that Pat O'Brien's is famous and that I should go there. So i did and I was not impressed!  NO Draft Beers! The only Irish beer is Guinness Stout.  Just a tourist trap to me, nothing bad but nothing out of the ordinary at all.....A New Orleans landmark.  What's not to love about this place, even during the day?  That's when we went.  Had some beverages...had to have a hurricane while there...and watched the dueling piano ladies.  Fun times.Nice dark classic "dive bar" in the front where a barfly can belly-up for a bourbon.  I had a few hours to kill while my wife attended a conference and this place was perfect.  A steady flow of ppl kept coming/ going - I was there on a Thursday around 10:30am and numerous tourists kept rolling in for a hurricane "to go". I didn't venture in further to see the restaurant....i believe that there was an upstairs area too, but I'm unsure. You should check it out when in the area.Great way to get the night started.
$8 Original hurricane in a tall glass. Woah, you get your money's worth in NOLA, that is for sure.
HUGE patio area, plenty of space and seating and yet this place is still packed ALWAYS. The crowd does seems to go influx by the hour so if you stick around long enough it will die down.
Not a place to dance, not a place to chat...
What you can do: Drink, have dirty hot random sex, meet an older gentlemen, or be a cougar.This place was pretty sweet! The pianists were from all over the country and had their own unique playing style. You are also able to take your drinking glass as a souvenir if you buy one of their signature drinks.Great experience in true New Orleans. Wait staff were excellent found us a table in a very crowded hall. Music and entertainment was excellent 
What great dueling pianos. Do not miss !Every time I travel to NOLA, I always stop in at Patty O's. The food is good, of course the Hurricanes are the best in town, and the atmosphere is great. It's not too loud and in your face like the rest of Bourbon St.The hurricane drinks here will kick your ass! Friendly staff... Brian at the door checking id's was a funny guy! Good times in Nola!An oasis on Bourbon Street. The patio is gorgeous! If you find yourself horrified on Bourbon Street, enter here. It opens up to a beautiful patio. I hear they have great hurricanes but I'm not a fan of those. But the experience is worth the time.This is a fun place and of course an institution in New Orleans. The dueling pianos always makes for a great night- no matter what day of the week. The courtyard is beautiful.
DO NOT get the famous Hurricane. Oh good lord it is so disgustingly sweet. Go with the margarita. It is cheaper and so much better. If you do decide you must have a hurricane, have them add some club soda to it. You're welcome.Home of the original hurricanes. I was told they were the ones who created the hurricaine (which is pretty awesome). It's a pretty big bar when you walk inside. There's a small room with a piano bar. When i went inside the piano bar room it was pretty full. And then there's a courtyard full of tables. Chill atmosphere..grear place to go to chill and drink. 
I ordered the hurricaine. I'm not much of a drinker so to me it was pretty stronger. It was $9 and you get a huge glass of it. Plus side is you can take the glass home as a souviener. If you don't want it, you take it to the bar and they give you $3 back. You can also take your drink to go as well. 
Only thing is, try not to sit near the bushes. I sat there and there was a rat going back and forth from the bushes to the table next to me. Yikeeesss..
Other wise good bar to visit.I absolutely have to stop by whenever I am in New Orleans to get me a hurricane. Those hurricanes will get you right for $8. I never had their food, but love the atmosphere and piano bar. Go...go now! LolPat O'Brien you are so deceiving you look like any other bar you could come across but when you walk out back to the patio I felt like this is what New Orleans is all about.  The music was playing like I was in some Disney movie. The server was awesome he seated us right away with his southern hospitality. Almost immediately he recommended a drink and said, "I know what drink to get you."  I thought to myself what the heck I am out here for the first time why not? It was a hot humid day and a large cold-mango hour glass drink was placed right in front of me....you guessed it...THE HURRICANE DRINK. How could all this goodness be in one cup? It was just the right amount alcohol and sweetness that I forget I was having an alcoholic drink! If I decide to come back to New Orleans I will definitely come back here.An amazing place to listed to dueling pianos, but the wait can be 45 minutes to get a seat on the weekend.  The bartenders were friendly, the pours generous, and the music as good as ever.Service was quick and we were seated right away on the patio (granted it was a Weds evening so that probably helped). Nice place to sit outside and try a famous hurricane. This is one of those things that you just do, because you're visiting New Orleans and everyone does this when they visit New Orleans. A solid experience, no complaints.While on our trip to NOLA, our first stop was to have some Hurricane drinks. Amazing!!!! Loved that drink!!! We also had the gator bites appetizers. That's a must! 
The trio sampler was delicious.I feel like someone just plopped a bar from Universal CityWalk smack dab in the middle of the French Quarter. Yeah, yeah, yeah....New Orleans institution, Hurricane this and sing along that, fountain blah blah blah. 
This place is a crowded, overpriced, frat haven that not even a classic cougar pickup by an overly made up Texan on my half her age friend could save. 
If you like Fisherman's Wharf you should seriously put this on your "must see" list in New Orleans. If you have an affinity toward older drunken hot moms this place also can't be missed. However, if you are either of these things, be warned, you probably won't want to filter on my 5 star reviews for sound advice on places to go.Pat O'Brien's has something for everyone. It was the largest set up in all of Bourbon. Aside from the spacious outdoor fountain area, there was an indoor bar and a piano bar all within. By 9pm, there was a long line to get in so if you plan on passing by to check out the scene, do it early. The crowd gathered in here tended to be older like the 40's and 50's so if that's your mark, go get'em cowboy. Of course there was a sprinkling of younger tourists scattered about having equally as much fun standing around the glowing fountain.
The hidden gem here is to look up at the ceiling decor. From cups to guns, it was certainly interesting to look at. Come here if you are looking for a good time or are looking to cool down from that awesome jazz performance at Preservation Hall, which is right next door.SO MUCH FUN. We had to come back twice. My first time at Pat O'Briens, and let me tell you those Hurricanes are the real deal, we actually ended up sleeping through our dinner reservations after a few. Anyway, the piano bar is a must do/see. Great time, with everyone singing and drinking. Put in your requests, because those ladies are so talented and will sing anything! The patio/outdoor area is awesome as well, but definitely do the piano bar first and foremast. 
Loved the food too, alligator bites with honey mustard were ON POINT! Love love love that you get to keep the glasses, or return them for $3 a piece, made sense why they left them at the table...We ended up taking two home as souvenirs and buying the Hurricane powder mix, can't wait to make them at home.Had a great time at Pat O' Briens. We started our evening at the outdoor bar. The fountain outside is beautiful, and the drinks were really good. Then we made our way to the closed-in bar near the front for some appetizers. James, the waiter, was wonderful! He was really friendly and gave us great advice for our NOLA visit. As he suggested, we got the crawfish cakes. They were SO GOOD. The whole place has a fun and cool atmosphere. I would definitely go back there.Pat O'Brien's is a cool bar with a real nice outdoor seating area and good drinks. I'm not usually a fruity frozen cocktail guy but I had two of their famous Hurricanes because dang they're tasty.
The food on the whole was solid but not amazing. We got the gator bites, cajun shepherd's pie, and some shrimp...thing. It's cajun bar food an as long as you go in expecting that you'll have a good time. Have many drinks.I went to the. Restaurant on a Tuesday. It was so packed I honestly think they're understaffed not enough servers not enough kitchen workers exclamation point my hurricane was the only good thing. I wanted to order food but I looked around the restaurant nobody was eating. everybody just had water and drinks everybody was looking at menus they only had one server serve and one whole side. Do not go there the wait for food will be ridiculous is not worth( well it wasn't worth my precious time )so I ordered a drink and left. Just go get a hurricane don't go for the food you're drop dead of hunger before you eatOne of the go to place for drinks. $7 cocktails worth your money. They have certain areas for cocktails and other parts for dine in food. Yes a must stop by for clean restrooms also. Outdoor space for entertaining while you get a drink.AMAZING music. HORRIBLE service. I did not eat but we came to have a few drinks and watch they dueling pianos. I asked very nicely to push the tables together and got a very sarcastic answer with no explanation. Rude but probably worth the music.Have been to NOLA many times and never went here.   So on this trip thought we would give it a try.     Was seated quickly with menus in the courtyard.  Server came by 15 minutes later and took drink order.    We ordered a bottle of wine, it arrived after another long stretch of time with 2 dirty wine glasses....both with lipstick around the rim.    When the server showed up we told him the glasses were dirty, he took one, picked up the other, looked and said "oh that one is fine" and left.    I reinspected the remaining glass to make sure I wasn't wrong....I wasn't.    It was so dirty I could see lip prints on the rim.     We informed the server when he returned.    Also informed him we were leaving.  Totally unacceptable service!!!! We found a place a short walk away and had some amazing seafood.    In all fairness, the food could have been amazing here.  We will never know because the service was so poor.    The manager we informed did offer us free drinks, we moved on without regret!   Spent $120 a few doors down with excellent service and food.One of the most iconic places on bourbon street. Food was great and the location made it a perfect place to meet and continue the fun all night.Don't go here for the food.  It's pretty sub par.  The drinks...I'm pretty sure you could light my mint julep on fire!!!  I felt like an amateur complaining about a strong drink! . If you're going out for drinks, the Hurricanes I hear are the best.  Cool atmosphere.  It gets crowded later but it is a good time.I was told about this by a friend. Had a hurricane was yummy 
Shrimp and grits were good but really coldYes yes yes - it is a tourist trap whose sole purpose is to get you drunk on an oversweet gut churning fruit punch with a mules kick.
Sing out of key, laugh til you cry, and generally make a ass of youself with the rest of the tourists.
It is a total hoot, and everyone should let loose there at least once in their lifetime.
Do I stop in every time in New Orleans - heck no, but every once in a while - just for fun, and have a ball with the rest of the idiots.This tourist trap is a trap indeed. Drinkers making off with the souvenir glasses have led management to make bad decisions about the policy on them--you will be charged for the glass whether you want it or not. The waiter isn't allowed to take it from you and take the glass charge off. You have to push your way to a very crowded bar to get a refund. This is difficult--why not ask with the order what we want and serve it in something plain if we aren't interested in the glass? 
Until this policy goes away, if you don't want on overpriced bit of cheap glassware, find a Bourbon Street bar that is more fun and less touristy.This was another one of our must do spots while in NOLA. We stopped in here afer eating breakfast and walking down Bourbon for awhile taking in the sites. Upon walking in and getting your ID checked we were given some cute green beads. The place is really big and the AC was on point. They had an beautiful outside seating area but it was just way too hot to do that. 
Most of us ordered the famous "Hurricane" drink.  Since I am not a huge alcohol drinker, I tasted a friends "hurricane" drink and was happy I didnt order my own because I wasnt impressed. However, most of my friends loved the drink and enjoyed it. To each is own. Pat Obrien's was pretty empty and the staff were cool. When I went to the bathroom I saw the musician in the dining area, singing to patrons and I was kinda happy we didnt have to endure that entertainment. It just wasnt my style.Good service- O'Neal was very attentive and polite! Alligator bites and Gumbo are delicious. Don't forget to try a hurricane!I loved Pat O'Brien's. 
I'll be honest though...the few times I've been there have always resulted in a bit a of a haze from having had a few hurricanes (and turning my tongue red) before walking back to my hotel.
I do remember being there when they lit the torch (which apparently happens nightly at sunset), remember having decent food (catfish and alligator), and remember having a blast.
Enjoy responsibly.Touristy, yes, but is it still delicious and a fun way to spend a sunny afternoon? Also yes. 
Yes, you are going to have to battle hordes of tourists, many groups of bachelor/bachelorette parties and pay a lot for basically red sugar water with rum. But its worth it. I know I made it sound terrible, but it actually is very much worth it. The patio area is fantastic (especially the part near the fountain) and the food isn't too shabby either! ( I got catfish nuggets. Noms.)Anyone coming to New Orleans has to stop in at Pat O'Brien for a hurricane. Honestly,  I feel there are better hurricanes available in the French Quarter. That being said, the gumbo here is my favorite. I also LOVE the gator bites.  The service both times I've been here was excellent and the prices are great for what you get.This restaurant/bar is a must for anyone visiting New Orleans.
It was recommended to us by some very friendly and helpful locals in Lafayette who told us not to leave without trying the infamous Hurricane cocktail.  We took their word and headed to Pat O'Brien's for dinner - I'd highly recommend the alligator bites and jambalaya - accompanied, and followed by a few too many Hurricanes.  These cocktails are great but take heed - they are lethal!
We were sat outside and it was only shortly before we left we discovered the delights of the interior and the various rooms.
If we ever return to New Orleans we will most certainly be stopping in at Pat O'Briens...I never got around to trying the Bloody Mary, which is apparently another hit!If you plan on traveling to New Orleans, two places you must visit are Pat O'Brien's and Lafitte's. Not only is there a ton of history lurking behind both, but they are very cool and fun places to see.
My boyfriend and I (along with his brother and brother's wife) went to Pat O'Brien's on a Saturday night, when everyone was out and partying hard in the streets. It was PACKED. I am not a fan of crowds, and felt really overwhelmed at first, but after a while I started to relax and had a great time. I told the bartender that it was my birthday just a few days ago, and that my New Orlean's trip was kind of like a celebration for my birthday, and he gave me a free hurricane! Plus, when you order a hurricane and get the souvenier glass, if you turn it in to the bartender instead of taking it home, you get $10 back (or towards your next drink). 
We ventured out into the courtyard, which had this gorgeous fountain with fire in the middle! It was about 40 degrees outside, however, with all the people, the heating vents, and the fire, it felt perfect even in a dress. 
The drinks are VERY expensive!!! But then again, don't go onto Bourbon street unless you are expecting to drop a couple of hundred dollars on food and booze. All in all, Pat O'Brien's was a fun and great place to go. Next time I'm in New Orleans, I'd love to visit again, but this time during the day, when it's not so crowded.
Highly recommended.Friday night in New Orleans is definitely an experience and my co-workers wanted to experience what it's like, so we headed here to the birthplace of the Hurricane.  Being in town the same weekend as the French Quarter Festival, the place was absolutely packed at about 10pm, there was hardly any room to walk around in the courtyard.  We found a couple tables and sat down and suddenly a waitress charged up to our table, practically yelling, "What are you doing, what do you think you're doing?"  She was waving her hands all around, trying to get our attention by basically punching me in the shoulder repeatedly.  We explained that we were sorry, we didn't know that the seating area is only if you're ordering food along with your drinks and that we'd leave immediately.  I felt that her behavior was definitely rude and more than a little excessive.  She didn't even try to explain in a polite way to us, a group that definitely was not rowdy or intimidating (especially in our business casual attire, much to the contrast of most of the other bar/party crowd that was there).
We moved over to the bar, where at least they were more friendly over there.  Since we were there, we had to order a hurricane.  Wasn't impressed, it was just another fruity alcoholic drink, nothing special.  Well, we can say that we were at Pat O'Brien's and had a hurricane.  Check it off the list, no need to go back...I really like this place. Wide variety of drinks and friendly bartenders. Choice between an indoor main bar, piano bar, or outdoor bar. My drink of choice is the hurricane. Warning: it will hit you unexpectedly. I've tried them at other bars and they truly don't taste the same way they do here. Personally, I'm not a fan of the mint julep, but if you want to get wasted this is another excellent option - just happens to be too strong for my taste. On a side note, you get free popcorn bags!!! Lovely scenery in the outdoor patio. Great atmosphere; there's a reason this is such a go-to spot.A must-visit for the hurricanes and they make a pretty mean mint julep as well.  Can't speak a word about the food, since we were too busy imbibing the hometown beverages!Absolutely the worst customer service I've ever seen in New Orleans. The employees treat customers more like farm animals than people. Also a number of sales gimic'sWent here for lunch the first day of my vacation. The food was good, but not great. The atmosphere was nice, outdoors and the staff were friendly. It's cool that they allow you to keep your cocktail glasses. The hurricane cocktail had me nice early in the day.A must-do in New Orleans! The hurricanes are delicious and VERY strong. Check out the piano bar inside and enjoy the dueling pianos. They can play pretty much anything.They only cook the burgers well done here, so that was s problem for me.  The drinks were great though, but I don;t think I'll go back to eat, I would go with a group of people for the dueling pianos...The piano bar is just sooo fun and entertaining. The knowledge of songs these guys have is insane. Gets the crowd going every time. No matter how many times people request "Piano Man" they play it and the people LOVE it. Go, you'll have such a great time. It's one of if not the original Piano Bar. A must if you visit NOLA. Eat, Drink, Tell.If you only have money for one drink in New Orleans- this is THE drink! It's $11 for the Hurricane and if you don't want to keep the souvenir glass, you can return it to the bar tender and get $3 back. The drink is strong so be prepared to get a buzz or more! Have fun!Everyone said, "You MUST get a hurricane at Pat O'Brien's!"  So we all went and got huge, red, watery hurricanes.  The drink was m'eh, but we had a very friendly server and the atmosphere was great - not to mention the refund you get for bringing your tourist keepsake glass back to the bar.  Everyone had fun and it was a nice way to kick-start the evening.Famous for its Hurricane! A tall glass of liquor and fruit juice that will knock you off your feet! So good yet packs quite a punch. One is usually enough for even the professional drinker. 
I have been to the Pat O Brien's in Orlando and have had Hurricanes at other restaurants and no one else makes a hurricane like Pat O Brien's in the French Quarter. 
The food however is not impressive. I had roasted chicken and jambalaya. The jambalaya was tasty but lacked spice and came to the table cold. 
Roasted chicken was bland with out much flavor at all.
The restaurant is mostly courtyard so if it is cold outside make sure to bring a sweater!Amazingly beautiful courtyard. 
Entertaining dualing piano bar. (go early -a line forms quickly)
Hurricanes that will put you on your ass...
What are you waiting for?First time to the French Quarter and by far this was our favorite spot! Enough so that we were only in town for 2 nights and we spent most of our time here on the patio.. Excellent patio and the Hurricanes... wow if you drink too many it finally catches up with you.. Ms Kim  and Mr Bennie have exceptional customer service skills! Thank you for an incredible experience. We will definitely be back!!!!This location has two bars, one inside you sit at and another out back that you can grab your drink and walk away. It was PACKED haha, lots of noise and energy. We had heard the hurricane was their drink, ago got two and he already had some made up on plastic cups.. Good sized cups! It was a really strong drink, so keep that in mind.  it's a fun stop!The location is gorgeous, love the fire in the water fountain and just eating in the courtyard under the stars with the hustle/bustle of Bourbon St steps away.  What I did not like was getting charged for Hurricane and mixed drink glasses I did not want (and these were not boxed or bagged so we could have left them on the table!).  Luckily a member of our party noticed the charge and we were told to just "take the glasses."  Because we were a party of 14, the gratuity was added to the bill so we got ripped off big time being charged for 4 glasses we were never asked if we wanted to purchase plus taxed and gratuity added on top of that!
The food is ok, nothing to rave about, it's really the atmosphere that sells this place.  Just make sure they don't give you a real glass to drink from though, because they will add it to your bill and not tell you.Excellent drinks, everyone was very friendly, great ambiance! I was not expecting much with the food, but I have to say it was VERY good. You have to stop in if you're hanging around Bourbon Street.You haven't really had a cocktail unless you have had one on the patio at Pat O'Briens. There is plenty of seating and a nice fountain to cool off near. One thing you should keep in mind though is you pay a deposit for those fancy dancey glasses so be sure to return them at the bar for your money back.  I always get the bloody mary when i go, nice and peppery!They charge a $3.00 fee per glass when you drink. You have to pay for it and then return the glass.  A waiter also brought our appetizer out to a different table and after their kid opened the dressing and touched the food did they realize it wasn't theirs. The waiter kept waiting for us saying she would bring us a new dressing but they didn't touch it. I guess it's hard to understand once food is touched by other people you should make a new one.The piano bar is the best spot in New Orleans, without a question. Request songs on cocktail napkins. We love Alvin!!What can I say, it's Pat O's! They have great hurricanes, and if we had enough people we would have gotten the three gallon hurricane ($200). There's three bars here, with the front bar being cheapest. The patio out back is beautiful with a water fountain. Great to be out here on a nice day. How could you not come here?Crappy hurricane. It's almost as if they forgot to add the water to the red dye mix. Great to stop in to see the flaming fountain!This place is a great time.  From the outdoor courtyard seating to the piano bar and other side bars, you can't beat this place.  Great food for a good price.  Drinks are overpriced though, which is how I suspect they make up the difference.  They "assume" you want to take home the glass the drinks come in and you're charged up front.  If you don't want the glass ask for a traveler cup, otherwise you'll have to get your money back at the bar after you've cashed out.
THE  BEST WINGS IN NEW ORLEANS!  They're not overly spicy but there's something in the wing sauce that makes them distinct and special.  Even the bleu cheese is unique.The hurricanes were waaaaaay too sweet. Seemed like a nice chill out spot at first until a drunk person jumped into the fountain. We weren't there very long. Better options.Hated the kool-aid-like Hurricanes.
Loved the flaming fountains.
Great experience!I'd like to just point out anyone that gave this place a 1 or 2 star rating, obviously went at on "off day" or has drank some serious hater-ade this morning.
It's definitely a tourist attraction since they claim to have invented the hurricane, but as a tourist to NOLA, I think it's worthwhile hitting it up. They have a great outdoor patio area for 21+ and a short but to the point menu. Prices are too bad and hurricanes are strong. Our waitress was friendly and honest about the menu. I had the alligator bites for the first time here - very much like chicken tenders and my friend had the grilled chicken, that was delicious. I'd hit them up for my first hurricane every time and make sure I get my $3 deposit back for the glass to not be TOO much of a tourist. lolYou haven't had a New Orleans Hurricane unless you've had a Pat O'Brien hurricane. Stopped by while on our walking tour.  The bar was divided in three sections...on the right the dueling pianos, on the left a bar and straight ahead the patio bar. The patio bar was so lovely with its fountain. We chose to sit inside because it was a little too humid. Inside the bar the staff was so friendly. Giving us a little history on the bar and New Orleans in general. Drinks were really good...not too strong that you couldn't taste the flavors but potent enough to creep up on you.Stopped in here with the hubby for their famous Pat O's Hurricanes and a quick bite to eat.  The lunch menu was not impressive to be honest.  We ended up getting the Pat O's wings in Bloody Mary sauce, shrimp etouffe', and shrimp pasta along with a side salad.
The wings were pretty good and came with homemade bleu cheese dressing which was pretty good.
Hubby found the shrimp etouffe to be absolutely delicious!  If he had bread he would have wiped up all the sauce left on the plate.
My side salad was really disappointing.  Half of the lettuce was wilted or the butts of the lettuce.  The delicious bleu cheese dressing couldn't save it sadly.  
My shrimp pasta was okay. but was a little under seasoned.  I expect being in New Orleans that it would have been at least a little spicy, but no such luck.
The Hurricane's were pretty strong so if you're a big drinker then feel free to have a couple.  Only downside is that they automatically charge you $3 for each hurricane glass on your bill.  You CANNOT return the glass to your server to have it taken off the bill.  The glass can ONLY be returned to the bar and they will give you cash back for your glass.  Luckily, the bar wasn't busy and we were able to return them and get our money back quickly.Why.
Why, during our four-day stay in New Orleans did we visit Pat O'Brien's three times? 
Oh .. because it's awesome. Our first venture had our group of seven sharing two Hurricanes. "This is easy." I thought. 
No. 
We saw a most magnificent sight during our first visit - another group, sharing the largest drink I've ever seen. We learned that this glorious beverage was none other than a Magnum Hurricane - 2 liters of alcohol (rum) and 2 liters of O'Brien's Hurricane mix. Well, we obviously had to have one. 
We returned the next night, this time with two more people (that's nine total in case you lost track) and demanded our Magnum. A group of six or more is required to order the drink, and there is a $75 deposit (in case you break or decide to walk away with the gargantuan glass). 
Fast-forward to the end of the night and I'll just say my group ended up giving away a few go-cups because there was no way we were finishing the Magnum in any decent kind of timeframe. Other tables cheered for us but alas, we failed. 
We'll be back.Terrible margaritas, tasted like it came from a mix. It is $6.50 on the menu, and charged $9.50 so you'll buy the glass. You have to take the glass to the bar to get your $3.00 back at the end.
I guess the hurricane is the was to goI love the Hurricane. I haven't tried the food there though. I'm an alcoholic. Yes! I do need help.Had to stop by here and get their famous Hurricanes. This was our stop around midnight when we wanted to get away from the craziness of Bourbon. The Hurricanes are tasty and fruity which is always a dangerous combo when you can't tell how much alcohol is in it hehe.
I forgot how much it was but you get cash back when you bring your glass cups to the bar. Basically you're fronting a potential souvenir cup. But if you don't want it and want your money back, return it.Hurricane. Hurricane. Hurricane. 
Did you know this restaurant claims that they are the restaurant that invent the hurricane cocktail. Don't believe me...well you have to try it for yourself. 
This bar is located off of Bourbon Street. It is honestly not like any bar you would encounter on Bourbon Street. It had a really chill vibe and it was honestly a needed break from the Bourbon Street scene. 
There are three different bars within Pats. The main bar has that classy ambiance that has one television to watch sporting events. Note that this bar from the piano bar and patio bar sells their drinks cheaper than the others. The piano bar has no cover charge and it has that energetic vibe too it. The patio bar is a fun area to hang. 
Must try their famous hurricane drink. In addition there is a wide selection of cocktails ranging from mix drinks that contain gin, tequila, bourbon or more rum. Be aware there is not a great wine or beer selection. But you're in New Orleans-try their rum drinks.Still one of my favorite places eat and drink in New Orleans. One of the few places that lives up to the hype, good food, well priced, friendly staff, and beautiful. I highly recommend it.Get your drink and have fun with your group of friends every night !!! The piano duet is just perfect. They know a lot of songs and is always a great time in there you can ask for a to go cup to make sure you keep the energy at bourbon st :) 
I love the storm drink hurricane is a little to strong for me. CheersYou go to Pat O's for the experience - period.  The ambiance is 100% N'awlins and they have a great courtyard and fountain that just adds to the feel.  I actually prefer coming here during the day, when things are a bit less "frat boyish" and you can actually hold a conversation with the staff and your companions.
The drinks probably a bit more overpriced that other bars in the Quarter, but if you get the right bartender they are worth every penny.  SO delicious!  If you are a tourist, and want a great souvenir to bring back with you, you can get yours in a signature glass, which is fun to display when you get back home.  
Hurricanes are amazing drinks and Pat O's has it down to a science.This place is a must visit in NOLA. Food is delicious, customer service is great and drinks are just amazing. We had the trio platter (gumbo, jambalaya, beans) and it was one of the best food items we tried in NOLA and their Hurricane drink is out of this world!will not split checks
hidden $3 "souvenir glass" fee. 
terrible service. 
food is good.Must get Hurricane, not as strong as they say. They say 4 shots of Rum, but I don't buy it.  Go inside they have dueling pianos which is a lot of fun, if you get the right crowd and piano players.
One of the piano players must be 65 years old and is horrible, she plays songs too fast. She played 5'O clock somewhere and she finished the song in a minute in a half.
Great place if you have a group of people.
If you are inside and order a Hurricane and get a glass, and if you don't want to KEEP the glass return it, they will give you $3 back. There is a $3 deposit on the glass!!!!Just a great place to get a drink!  We found better hurricanes throughout the city, but hey that's just our opinion.  Our first was here and we thought they were the greatest.  We also had the alligator and catfish bites and both were great.  The place had a great atmosphere and our bartender, Jeremy was the best!  
We came back the next day for the piano bar and had several more Hurricanes.  The piano bar was a blast!This is probably my favorite bar in New Orleans.. I love that this place has different sections. My favorite was the piano bar. There were some great musicians yesterday. Paired the music with world famous hurricane which was tremendously sweet. Thank you for such a wonderful experienceBest Hurricane drink! The patio is the best for the evening happy hours and long conversations.I attempted to avoid what I thought was only a tourist spot.... but my mom had it on her list when she came to visit....
So glad she made me go! That Hurricane is so good and the free popcorn rocks too...
YOU MUST GO HERE IF YOU LIVE HERE or are just visiting... 
they give you three bucks back on the glass if you return it so 8 bucks for that drink is well worth it!Red tongues as far as the eye can see.
Ah yes, our first night in New Orleans.  Our gracious hostess brought us here on our maiden tour of Bourbon St.  The courtyard was filled with people hanging out just seeing and being seen.  We had a round of Hurricanes.  Full of red dye and jet fuel.  You don't notice it until someone talks to you and they almost singe your eyebrows off with the fumes.  The drinks go down easy and sneak up on you hard.  We collected our return fee on the glasses and headed back to the streets.  It was too hot to be cooped up with that many people.
We stopped by again on our last night in town.  It was Sunday night.  There were tables set up on the patio.  It seemed like a completely different place.  No crowds at all.  We lounged for bit.  Shared some laughs while we recounted the last few crazy days of our trip.  A few Hurricanes later we got our second wind and hit Bourbon St. for a last run. Whew what a night. Good times, red tongues. :DGreat drinks and service.  Can't eat in the courtyard for some reason, but it didn't matter.  Get a zombie!It's been several years since we went to Pat O'Brien's. Maybe it's experience or age, but this visit was probably the most disappointing event of our trip. We went there only for drinks, so we were ushered to the back, where we waited and waited to be served. We finally got someones attention, and while he was very pleasant, we didn't see him again for a long while and had to find another server to get a second round.
While the staff was all very friendly, our glasses were empty more often than full. What was worse, was the despite having four drinks, I left feeling like I had been drinking water, only needing to pee.
I saw a lot of dunk people on Bourbon Street that night, but I have no idea how they got that way on all of the overpriced, watered down drinks.Hands down the best hurricanes I've ever had.  In my life.
They're so good, their own mix is sold in every store all over New Orleans.  I price checked a bunch, and the cheapest mix is at CVS by a couple of bucks.  Holla.  I bought 8 bags to take home.  It's that good.They say you can't go to NOLA without a stop at Pat O'Briens. So we stopped along with every other tourist. The hurricanes were excellent! The courtyard atmosphere is really special. Check it out.The location of this place is one of the best at the French Quater, some of my friends had Hurricanes and love it. The price of the food was average but fine in my opinion vs the location (pretty). The food was ok in my opinion, I order some Alligator Bites and Pecan Crusted Duck for appetizers; was good, like it. For dinner, I order Roasted Chicken, too salty.Always a nice spot to go. Food is good and the outdoor area is beautiful. Gets a little crammy later in the night and the piano bar (which I'm not sure if it is part of the same bar) is fun but, the service is kind of rude. A must see though while on Bourbon!This place is why I am itching to get back to NOLA. Even though we had a roach on our table and honestly I could care less and believe I am NOT a fan of bugs at all. The food was soooo good and the Gator bites were delicious. The rustic pasta was perfect and of course the Hurricane was the best part. I can't wait to come back !Good drinks. Mediocre food, except for the massive burger that was seasoned quite nicely, fries that came with it was bland and nothing special.  Staple on Nola for good atmosphere and good drinks.  Piano is fun, but don't expect a culinary adventure if you get the munchies, but after a couple of hurricanes, who cares right?The hurricanes here don't seem that strong...until you stand up. 
We sat out on the back patio (which is gorgeous) and enjoyed a famous Pat O's hurricane. Although the price point of 15 dollars is a bit steep, the drinks are enormous and really strong. 
Yes, it's pretty crowded and touristy but I'm totally fine with getting drunk for 15 dollars while sitting on a beautiful patio in the sun. Nothing has, and nothing will ever be wrong with that statement. 
Oh! Don't forget to hold onto your hurricane glass- we were happy to learn that you can either get it boxed up or trade it in for 3 dollars. I kept the glass and now have it at home as a souvenir!
Not much else to say here, because I only stopped in for a drink. It seems like most other reviews are pretty similar. This is right in the thick of the French Quarter madness, and is definitely worth trying at least once.Great Alligator bites, not overdone, very well plated and absolutely delicious. The service was great and expedient. Without knowing I walked in thinking this was just another tourist trap, well I was wrong. The place is vey good and I recommend it.If you have never been to New Orleans, upon your return home - all those who have visited will ask you - did yo go to "Pat O'Brien's"...so do yourself a favor and check it out.  If you are a drinker (depending upon which type of drinker - myself - not a sweet drink person - more beer and whiskey).  If I am with others who haven't been here, I will warm up with a world famous Pat O'Brien's Hurricane to get me started.  If not a drinker, no worries - Pat has several different areas to be seated - There is a courtyard area, then there is a darker bar area you may just want to sulk in your drink - But, if you want entertainment - check out the dueling pianos.  The fun will depend on the audience - come with cool piano songs for them to play (tip:  write down choice(s) on napkin - with tip included) - Have fun with it and request songs like: "Baby Got Back" or Some Miley Cyrus song - that is bound to move you to the front of the line.
Pat's ends up being a place to meet any mood you are in - check them out!!Service was quick :) drink was strong, :) plastic cup was more ice than cocktail :(. Was hoping for more from this Nola icon and classic cocktail.Only went for a famous "hurricane" drink there.
Seating at the outdoor bar (you can smoke there).
The drink was very nice, super strong. The bar is in a alley located in front of a small fire and water fountain. Very nice atmosphere, friendly staff. It's a must see place.
Try the hurricane there! (thanks Janelle S. @ yelp for the tip!!!)Only one hurricane is all you need. Anything more than one hurricane can be a killer. I was lucky enough to stop at one drink, but was very tempted to continue with a second. 
Servers meet you near the entrance and walk you to one of the many patio tables. Each person gets a bag of popcorn on the house. The price of the glass is added to your bill. If you do not want the glass as a souvenir to take him, bring the glass to a bartender and he/she will reimburse you in cash. 
If you are in New Orleans, go here to take in the original hurricane. Forget the imitators at the other bars!This past weekend was my 2nd trip to Pat O'Brien's since moving to NOLA in 2008. 
I remember the first time being somewhat fun, but I was already drunk by the time we stumbled into Pat O's, and it was the NFC Championship game that led to the Saints superbowl, so I'm not sure that even counts. Most of it is a blur.
This time I was mostly sober, so this is a much more telling review.
Here's the thing. Tourists - you have to get at least one Pat O's hurricane. Get your hurricane from Pat O's, get the hand grenade from Tropical Isle, maybe even get a fishbowl from somewhere else, and stumble around Bourbon. Get that all out of your system. 
I'm all for it, despite the 2 star review you see here. You can say you've been there, done that. 
Under the microscope of a local (or at least a transplant), though, the 15-20 minute wait to even be acknowledged on the patio - and even then, required one of our party members getting up and physically FINDING someone to take our drink order... not a good way to start. 
We finally order the drinks and realize there's a tiered system for pricing. Really, if it were just me, I would just go to the bar and pay the lowest possible price for a hurricane, in a go cup, and avoid the $3 shenanigans. 
What $3 shenanigans? Others have touched on this. Your server will bring your hurricane - or whatever other sugary concoction you order at Pat O's - in a "souvenir glass" and they will pack it up for you to take with you if you want it. They add on $3 to the advertised price to cover the glass. This is refundable, should you not want the glass, but requires remembering to bring the glass to the bar to get the $3 refund.
What drunk person is actually going to remember to turn in the glass?
That's probably the point.
Charge ~$8 for a sugary drink (not horrible, really). Add on $3 "deposit" for the glass. Assume that probably 80-90% people either won't notice the deposit, or will forget to turn in the glass. Clever.
And in all honesty, I wouldn't be nearly as offended at the $3 thing if they had good service to back up the cost, but they clearly don't.Great drinks, food and service. Piano bar is amazing. A must for any guests who come to visit. Make sure they get a hurricane!!! They'll hate you the next day lolThis place is huge and seems to be one of those places you HAVE to visit when in NOLA. There is a reason for that reputation: go to the piano bar area. Why? Because this is fun! There are two pianos and Albert. Albert is an institution. ..man wearing server garb, holding a bar tray and hitting it with magical fingers. Sounds stupid, but Albert has great rhythm and has either jingle bell thingies on his fingertips or they are just magic. You'd have to experience Albert at least once and you'd understand.  Tip the piano players and they will be at your beck and call to perform whatever bar song, fight song, ballad or romantic diddy you request. Go with a few friends and toss back a few cocktails and you will leave happy. Full disclosure...they have a signature hurricane but I hate cheap liquor especially when it is combined with syrupy sweet ingredients.  Order your favorite liquor on the rocks...or, what the heck, pretend you're in college again and order the hurricane.  Whatever you do, visit with Albert!I haven't eaten here but while I was with a party of girls, we were craving a drink and stopped by here for one of their famous Hurricanes. I got one for Janette W. and myself.
Hooooo wheeeeeee! They were nice and strong and really awesome. The place was crowded but it was nice by the patio bar. Drinks with the girls during the mid-afternoon before we continued on with our merry celebration of Janette W.'s last days of single femaleness before she tied the knot on the wedding chain. 
You can meet all sorts of people here. Before I jetted off, I was talking to a couple of Irishmen who were relaxing there with a Hurricane or two or five.  It's definitely a great place to get a lot of that NOLA vibe that's so unique.Always a great place for a fun time!!!!  This is always on our stop anytime we are in New Orleans.Arrived close to closing and was directed to the dining area. At first we thought we weren't going to be able to enjoy the restaurant due to the timeframe however a cook came up to the host and said that he will take care of us. As a first time visitor who had multiple delays arriving, i truly appreciate that sentiment. We were able to enjoy the hurricane drink which was refreshing and delicious. Not overly sweet. The fried fish that my friend ordered was said to be crunchy on the outside and very soft and moist on the inside. 
I tried the alligator bites which really does taste like chicken. Great crunch and flavoring to it. Ordered the red bean and rice which comes with the andouille sausage and it is now a new favorite of mine. The mixture of flavors is intense and everything was cooked to perfection. Our server was also completely amazing with his attitude and feedback on questions that we asked him for recommendations. 
Exceptional food and service.Awesome drinks and service. Donnie at the main bar is the best! He was very friendly and such good conversation. Hurricanes and piano bar are also great.Pat's has like 4 or 5 different bars inside- all with different themes. It's a fun spot for groups cause everyone will find something they like. Great for ALL ages!There's a bartender here named Buzzkill Blondie. He looks AND acts like a white-washed Ryan Phillipe. Tip him terribly.Dueling pianos will entertain you until the wee hours of the morning. However, if you're not always feeling up to hurricanes and singalongs, you can sit at the bar or courtyard and have the blackened salmon or gumbo.  The salmon with double veggie keeps me coming back for more... And moreHome of the hurricane! Pat o'briens is amazing to come to while visiting New Orleans no matter who you're with. Make sure to take a while through the entire property- there is a lot to discover as it was once a large home! The central area is a courtyard with a fountain (great spot for day drinking ) but there is also a dueling piano room, which is a lovely place to relax for a bit, enjoy live music, and get away from the heat.  The food is also good- traditional New Orleans cuisine, not fancy but fairly priced. Make sure to order a hurricane while you're there!Come for the hurricanes.  Famous drink popularized by this nice outdoor/indoor oasis in the French Quarter.  Food is average but the crowd is always large and eclectic.  Not very many regulars here.Was taken here while visiting NOLA. Try the Hurricane, but be aware it will cause a HURRICANE in your BRAIN! Insane in da BRAIN...if you consume too many! 
I tried the TRIO: Red beans & rice, jambalaya, and Gumbo...killed it all, they really "Put they foot in it!"Hurricane was off the hook! Our waiter John was phenomenal and on point! We had the Cup of Gumbo and red beans and rice which was soo good! Don't know why other reviews weren't as good as ours cause this place was great and we will be back when we visit again! We also had the bread pudding dessert with whiskey sauce and whipped cream which was to die for ! Luv this place!The patio was really cute and I loved the gator appetizer.  My crawfish  was great too, not as spicy as I thought it would be though.  
My only beef is that this place has an Irish name, yet no beers on tap!Larry go so hard you ain't ready, pack your bag. Go home and think about what just transpired ...So, on the first day of my trip to New Orleans, I settled in my hotel room and decided to go wander the streets (to get drinks and maybe find some decent dinner).  I quickly found Bourbon street, and saw that there is a wide selection of restaurants to choose from (a lot of them seeming kinda trashy).  We walk by this place and see that it's kinda busy so we peek in to see what all the fuss is about, and there is a very polite black man in a leprachaun suit to greet us.  We decide to stay, and I ordered myself a sazorac (which i've never tried before), and crawfish etouffee.  Everything was excellent!!  Our waiter (who looked like lil' jon and had gold teeth) was also very polite and helpful.  
My only complaints about this place are that it's too loud, and the biggest cockroach i've ever seen in my life ran across the floor while we were eating.  Other than that, I enjoyed myselfYes, its incredibly kitschy, but definitely an enjoyable way to spend an evening. I've been in the past and always sit on the patio.  It is a great place to people watch.  This past time I was there, we were swamped with bachelor parties, rowdy partiers, and a few families. Order one of their fruity beverages for a good time.  They are a bit pricey, but absolutely delicious.
Remember to take your glasses back up before you leave.  There is a three dollar deposit that you lose if you don't bus your own table.  On the upside, if you bring back glasses from another table then you can get their deposit as well...This was definitely the most touristy spot we went to while in New Orleans. With the souvenir glasses and all, it kind of felt like we were at a restaurant in an amusement park. The service was surprisingly good, and the drinks were fun, but I don't think you're missing out if you skip this while you're here. (We did not do the dueling pianos).I don't care what everyone says that its a touristy bar. I love this bar. I've lived in NOLA for four years now and this place never bores me. The dualing piano bar has a special place in my heart. Alvin, hurricanes, fire and water fountain... you name it. I always come here for birthdays, special occasions, and visitors come into town. Although the drinks are pricey, I never left this place without a bad taste in my mouth. Best place in nola to enjoy good music and good company!Did not eat here....just stopped by to check it out since its so well know.
Pros: Best hurricane I had. It may cost 8$, but it is well worth it and after a few sips you'll be convinced (they say it has 4 shots in it, but is a secret recipe).
Cons: full of tourists and i've heard the food is only half-decent
My recommendation: Grab a hurricane to go and walk bourbon street to check out the tourists. no need to sit around amongst them.Inexpensive and great quality food.  And the hurricanes are no joke.  Most things on the menu are $15. You really can't go wrong.This place was pretty brutal.
Overly-sweet, over priced drinks and it wasn't even very fun.
The fire/water fountain is super cool though.Ehhh. It's overrated in my opinion. It is pretty big and to avoid the line at the main entrance, go over to bourbon street and enter from the side. No wait usually. The hurricanes are just alright in my opinion.First the courtyard at Pat O'Brien's is L-E-G-E-N-D-A-R-Y.  If you are looking for a beautiful old New Orleans setting mid day, there is no better place to stop in and grab a cool refreshing hurricane. 
TIP - return the glass to any bar for a $3 refund, no one will remind you of this, you must seek them out.
During the day, this is a perfect stop for a quintessential NOLA drink/experience.
In the evening, the dueling piano bar is a great refuge for those of us who aren't looking for all the ruckus of the Bourbon St experience.  My fiance and I slipped in just before they wrapped up, and really enjoyed the dark ambiance and authentic-ish piano bar vibe!Pat O'Brien's is the quintessential place to stop for a hurricane when in New Orleans. It has been over ten years since I have been there but it hasn't changed. If you have never been to Pat O'Briens you must go to the main bar. Not outside in the courtyard but the dark bar. Great music and the bartenders are great to talk to. Lots of old photos of the place. They offer all kinds of drinks but try the Hurricanes first.  If they hand out the bags of cheddar popcorn have a snack. The courtyard sometimes gets too crowded.  This is a great place to hangout and have a drink.  Don't have more than a couple of Hurricanes as they can sneak up on you. If a nice day enjoy the patio.Hurricanes will mess you up nine ways from Bethany.  The green uniforms are neat.  This is the flagship of the Pat O' line, and totally the best.  If you wanna play tourist and get ripped early, this is as good as any place to start.  In Guadalajara, they have a Carlos O'Brians, it just doesn't get better than that.Lad N Lassies, be sure to stop by Pat O'Brian's & enjoy a tasty hurricane while snacking on free popcorn! GREAT FUN, you won't be disappointed!!Worth every credit card charge! I'm not even sure how many times we came here, but it felt like a lot. You can come here for food, just for drinks, and for a great bathroom break. The Jambalaya here was fabulous and the Hurricane was sweet and amazing, worth every penny and all the hype put into it. The outdoor seating is perfect. You may have to hover to grab a seat as others leave, but it's totally worth it. There is a lady in the bathroom who's going to hand you a towel when you're done washing your hands so make sure you have a dollar or two to tip her as you leave. 
I loved this place and if I have my bachelorette shindig in NOLA, we will definitely be spending many hours here.Hurricanes were just syrup, so i would recommend drinking something else. There are several bars throughout the place including a piano. A friend had an unwelcomed boob shoved in her face, so maybe keep the kids at home.Fun place for sure. Lots of touristic action. Had their famous drinks, which were mediocre, of course. Like I said, fun place.Just like every other place on Bourbon street for the most part, this place is a tourist trap and they milk it for every ounce. If I were you, I wouldn't try ANY of the food on bourbon street, it really isn't that good, and you could just venture a few blocks into the heart of the French Quarter and get some real New Orleans food. But, if you want to stop in here for ONE drink, then do so, get your fix and then get out.I loved this place after my friend told me bout this I got my Hurricane for $8.50 left $10 keep the change! They were very kind and informative! My first stop after I come back to Nola from TexasI know it's a major tourist trap, but I will probably come here every time I visit New Orleans.  The hurricanes are expensive, but really strong, and I love the courtyard.  I recommend going during the day if you wanna avoid a little bit of the Bourbon St crowd. It'll still be busy, but not quite as bad and the other patrons might be slightly less obnoxious.Ok so I tried Le Feites Blacksmith Shop earlier for the Hurricanes. This one is so much better! I hear it's a mix but is really nice and not so sweet.Pat O'Brien's Hurricanes are the best! Love that you get to keep the glass as a souvenir. The outdoor patio area is spacious and open and allows for maximum enjoyment of the New Orleans heat. I will definitely be back when I come back to New Orleans!I went at the piano bar here two nights in a row during my trip to New Orleans - and both times, the music was great, the people-watching was great and the drinks were pretty delicious. 
Both times, we were seated at a table pretty quickly. I actually think drinks are pretty fairly priced (though they are cheaper if you sit somewhere other than the piano bar, and if you return the souvenir glassware) for their size, and service, while not the friendliest, was pretty fast. 
Overall - would recommend, would go again.I've gotten drunk on their hurricanes more than once. And I'll do it again in a heartbeat. They taste so good.Heard this was the place to go for Hurricanes when visiting NOLA. Came here on a Monday in the afternoon before heading out and got the infamous drink. It was good, kinda sweet for our tasting. Nonetheless, it was cool that we got to go. Would have been cooler if there was someone playing in the piano room!Rude waitresses, if you complain about anything they say 'I get manager for you' and they never come back,they feel kinda protected and and they don't give a dame to you.Ok this place was recommended for their Hurricanes .  Went there on a Saturday night looking for the best hurricanes in New Orleans.  Couldn't have been more disappointed .  Whats with that claw??  WTF a metal claw??   I couldnt  even drink it.  The service was Ok but not very cheeryThis place is huge with I think i counted 6 different bar areas, but I spent most of my time in the piano bar. There are a ton of waiters and once I sat down I was able to place my drink order right away. The pianists were really talented and I enjoyed listening to them play and sing. Theres also another person who occasionally goes on stage and has metal caps on his fingers and plays a metal tray like a tambourine who has apparently been with Pats for the past 45 years!
They're famous for their hurricane drink which they already have a mix for it so it comes out super fast. All the drinks in the bar come in glass cups which you pay an extra $3 for. You can choose to bring the glass back home and they will package it up for you, or you can return the glass to the bar at the end of the night for $3 back. Don't forget because I saw a lot of unclaimed glasses on the table (probably from groups too drunk to remember). Drinks are also slightly cheaper outside the piano bar in the courtyard, so you can buy drinks our there and bring it in to save a dollar.Outdoors but not pet friendly. You can get their hurricanes elsewhere - other bars use their mix (kool-aid?)Real quick review because I only stopped in to get their famous hurricane. The staff was friendly and we got our drinks real quick. It was on the sweet side so I let the ice melt a lil bit before drinking the whole thing. Other than that I have no complaintsVisited Pat Os twice while we were here, first time to get their famous hurricane which lived up to its name and the second time to listen in on their "dueling" pianos.
In terms of the "dueling" part of the piano, I wouldn't use that word to describe them- each would play 2 songs and then the other would take over and do the same. 
The night we went, the crowd was older (I would say the average age was somewhere in the mid 50s) with that in mind, the songs were waaaaaaaaay older than most piano bars I have been to. We were there for about 2 hrs and there were only 2 songs that were played that were less than 20 years old. Mind you there are A LOT of really good songs that are older than that, but the song choices that the piano players were making were not really in that realm. There were many times that no one was singing a long, likely bc only the person who requested the song, knew the lyrics.
Long story short- get your drink to go.As far as popular bars go, this spot is incredibly efficient. Huge open garden in the back, with fire pits inside a fountain. Glorious atmosphere.
Obviously got the Hurricane ($9). As soon as you mouth the words they pull a giant 20ozer out from under the bar and hand it to you. Seeing as it's pre-made I was skeptical, but it makes sense since people are ordering it constantly. First sip - powerful as hell, though sweet enough to mask most of it.
Well worth the money and a return trip.Hands down the best place for live music. Love the dual piano set-up, and how talented the artists are. All you have to do is write what you wanna hear on a napkin, and hand it to them to play. Home of the hurricane as well. Generous pours and good times.Was a cool spot to visit and a must do if you're visiting.  The drinks are slightly higher than your average hurricane but you're paying for the experience that I personally do not regret.  At night there is a beautiful FIRE fountain that will make your night completeWe went to Pat O'Briens during my first visit to New Orleans. I was excited to try the sampler which included red beans and rice, gumbo, and jambalaya. The food was o-mazing, the service was ok as we were left looking for our server when it came time to get the bill.
I also loved the courtyard atmosphere and I think it would be a great place for a drink with friends.
I will definitely be back for the food!Where I had my first real Hurricane!  Followed by a few more tasty cocktails!! I'm glad we wandered in to Pat O'Briens that night, my only regret is that it was our last night in NOLA. Josh is a great bartender and he makes a mighty fine Long Island iced tea. Whew! So, we didn't eat anything but the bathrooms were nice. Dudes at the door were friendly and Josh is the best bartender we'd seen our whole trip! We will make Pat O'Briens one of our first stops on our next visit. For sure. Thanks, Josh!! We'll be back...Do yourself a favor and go here while you're visiting New Orleans. You will leave here with a crazy story and it will be one of your best memories of the trip. The bar tender Donnie is by far the best bar tender, he makes you feel like a long lost friend that you came home to have a drink with. I can't wait to come back here one day. If you are alone, or with a group you will leave here with new friends.Great place to eat and have a nice dinner on the patio in the middle of the French Quarter. Definitely would love to go back!Love the vibe with all the steins on the ceiling :) my boyfriend had the hurricane and I had the rainbow.  Both of us left tipsy and in better spirits than when we came in... pun intended ;)Must visit while on bourbon street! Amazing music spot, great drinks, and fun atmosphere for a variety of ages and groups. We had to wait around 25 min to get in on a Saturday night, but could order drinks while in line. Love that they take recommendations for songs, and even sang happy birthday to my friend . The dueling pianists were very talented and it was an entertaining evening. Great strong hurricanes and mint  juleps. Favorite spot on bourbon street. Can't wait to return !If you're like me and in New Orleans trying to find a decent cocktail in a bar that is clean and doesn't smell....go here! Staff is great, prices are good.John,our server, was such a sweetheart. The bartender Ashton "the party master" was also amazing. Such a fun time here! And the food was so good too.Every trip to New Orleans, our FIRST stop is always Pat O'Briens. Always a good time!!!!! Especially after a hurricane or 2. Servers are attentive, performers are talented and entertaining. Can't wait to come back again!!!too touristy and the wait staff was horrible and ignored the customers.... not that great of a barExcellent patio courtyard.  Drinks are strong!  A great place to people watch and enjoy an evening.  Don't miss if you are in Nola.I have come to NOLA a few times, and this is my favorite place.  The patio with the fountain is so relaxing, and nice.  Not the loud rowdy nature of Bourbon Street.  
I dont do Hurricanes anymore (dont ask) but they make a great Margarita!!This is the venerable Bourbon Street drinking establishment.  It is really a complex of bars - old school pub, piano bar, drink counter, terrace, and brick cavern.  No trip to NOLA is complete without getting a Hurricane IN A GLASS (just don't forget to turn it back in for your deposit)
The food is also actually pretty good!  I had the triple combo of gumbo, jambalaya, and creole.  
Open late.  If you take a rookie - watch their drink pace or you'll be carting them home.Piano bar was a great atmosphere and the hurricanes were STRONG! Keep in mind you can take your glass with you when finished (they box it at the door for you), which luckily the lady at the table next to us told us, our waitress did not. Bathrooms were clean and overall clientele was less "rowdy" than other places.Absolutely horrible experience! Let me start by saying our server was amazing and what we were able to eat was good but overall- it was horrible. We were a seven top and had to sit outside as they couldn't accommodate us inside and we were seated within five feet of the very ripe women's restroom (I would never imagine seating anyone that close to a restroom). There was a huge gap between the door and the floor so there was a constant breeze of defecations coming out and it was even stronger when someone went in or out. We were pleasant customers but were unable to really enjoy the food and ended up taking a lot doggie boxes which ended up being thrown out as no one wanted the reminder of the stench. Not good at all but I'm sure it would have been better if it weren't for the seating and stench.Good place to stop at while you're in New Orleans. Food is good but we only had two appetizers. Seafood dip was great, the shrimp creole was just okay, we felt that there were spices missing making it kind of bland. The hurricanes are really good and perfect for a hot day. Make sure you take your glass home with you unless you want your $3 back, in that case you have to go to the bar after paying the bill and the bartender will give you $3 cash back, but we kept ours, it was worth the $3 to us. Service was great, I wish I could remember our waitress name she was sweet and quick. I like that the place is so big with different sections and music. There's also an area for adults only which is great if you're a couple like us who don't like being bothered by children on date night or vacation :)Hurricanes are the shiz here. Good atmosphere, waitstaff on point. Must visit when in the French Quarter.Loved it.  Ate here once and came to the piano bar twice in our four night stay.  We both got the sampler...loved it!  Our waiter was a young guy, real nice!  My Hurricane was just a bit strong for me and he brought me more punch to add to it!  The piano bar is great, I could listen all night!  The crowd is lively and the sing a longs are a riot!  Will go back if we visit NOLA again!  Turn in your hurricane glass for 3.00 cash back.  A table next to us had about thirty hurricanes!  Or take the glass home!A New Orleans institution I would have been okay never visiting in my lifetime. The patio was entirely too crowded, the Hurricanes were shockingly weak and the bathroom smelled even worse than Bourbon Street at 4 am (you know, before the street cleaners wash all the sin away). If I'm gonna get out of bed at 11 pm, I demand satisfaction!Go for the Hurricanes, stay for the music and the apps.  Great vibe, wonderful space, you have to go into the heart of tourist ville to get to it, but a nice stop after a long day of site seeing or you can even go there and sight see (the people of course).  
The gator bites are good, although they tasted so much like chicken I thought I was hoodwinked.Really hopping place on Bourbon St. 
Friendly waiter. Very knowledgable towards the menu and basic history. They're famous for their Hurricane. It's rum and Hurricane mix. It will give you a buzz. Definitely try their grits. (Hint: it's not your traditional porridge grits)
Seafood touffe is a yes. Their gumbo was marvelous! We sat on the patio outside, so you get all the atmosphere from Bourbon St but the fountains and foliage give it that private feel. Oh and the hurricane comes in a take-home souvenir glass!This place gets zero stars from me. It was really dingy & smelly (the whole place). All of the wait staff tries to upsale the hurricanes, which have seriously diminished in quality over the years now tasting like Robitussin. Don't waste your time or money. #gross #151A seemingly popular place occupying the corner of a block. Even if you don't want anything I recommend a quick walk through it. There is a water fountain with a fire set atop it in the center courtyard which is apparently a commonly photographed fixture. Bar service is attentive and as soon as you pass into the center courtyard there is a group of waiters standing there to offer you a drink; seems like a good system.I was going through my old reviews & saw this one. When I re-read it, I realized that I left out something very important to ladies:
Pat O'Brien's has ladies' room matrons. who usually begin prior to dinner, I think. This means that this is a very clean, most civilized rest room experience -- something not to be undervalued. My friend & I always joke, too, that some of our most interesting conversations in NOLA happen in the ladies' room at Pat O'Brien's!We were in New Orleans last week and a friend of ours had recommended Pat O'Briens. The other restaurants she had recommended were great, so we didn't think we would have a bad experience there.  Boy was I wrong!   We walked into the restaurant and I noticed that there were heaters, no problem, it was outdoors, although enclosed, and I thought great, we will have a heated table.  That was not the case.  The table to the left and the table to the right of us had a heater.  Immediately we started to freeze.  It got so bad that my boyfriend went to find someone who worked there to see if we could switch tables.  He ended up bringing the person who worked there over to our table.  She was searching for a table for us when the manager got involved.  He had kind of a bad attitude about it, like it was our problem and in so many ways, said "too bad."  I would have challenged him, but I was too cold to keep my thoughts together.  Earlier I had heard him berating the table next to us when they asked about the $3 charge for their glass and about the tip being included on the bill. They did not accommodate us and we spent the rest of the mediocre dinner freezing.  We were also charged for the $3 glass, which we returned for a refund.  I ate at much better places and when I return to New Orleans, will steer clear of it.   If anyone who manages or owns this place is reading this, my word of advice, PLEASE HAVE HEATERS ON EACH TABLE!My annual trip to Pat O's never fails to impress! As usual I got a hurricane with some fried catfish and I was all set! This seems like the best catfish in the world but it may be that the hurricane enhances the taste of the fish! Either way, stop in if you are in the French Quarter and take in their courtyard and a few drinks! This is one of the main reasons I still go to the quarter!A classier bar that will probably toss you out if you're rip-roaring drunk. But it doesn't seem like those type of folks frequent this place, so you're in good company. Although this place is likely plagued by tourists, if you go at 11AM during a weekday on Mardi Gras you find the place mostly empty. 
My girlfriend and I ordered one of their famous Hurricanes and that classic southern drink a Mint Julep. The Hurricane was sweet and mixed strong - I'd recommend getting one. The same goes for the Mint Julep, although you can definitely taste the alcohol in that one (which is a good thing). 
We didn't have the pleasure of hearing anything from the Piano Bar section, but it seems like it has a chill atmosphere and was a welcome respite from the craziness that is Mardi Gras.Best piano bar I've been to.  In fact the rest of the bars at Pat O'Brian's pale in comparison.  The musicians were real pros and were able to play some obscure stuff, and played well to the crowd, but didn't let the music get too bad just because people were requesting bad music (one girl requested lady gaga - poker face, so the pianist started fellating the microphone while singing).   
Total tourist spot, but one that I would recommend.  Drink yourself stupid on gigantic sugary hurricanes.The hurricane was ok. I'm not sure what I was expecting but it was kinda lack luster-nothing special. Don't forget to turn your glass back into the bar tender for $3! The food was good as was the service. I don't really care for the pigeons everywhere.On a trip in NOLA we had to stop by this famous spot credited with the invention of The Hurricane cocktail. The drinks were sweet but delicious and came in a plastic souviner cup, which is a fun keepsake. We were there on a Saturday night and it was bumpin, but a little classier than most of the bars on Bourbon Street. The courtyard was beautiful, complete with lighted fountains and an outdoor patio bar. This place was fun and it is a must do if you are in New Orleans.It's a fantastic place on bourbon street... One of the few bars that has seating during Mardi Gras... The drinks are awesome and you could take the glasses home too! The ambience is awesome and the servers are very friendly.... MUST VISIT IN NOLAThe food was good - not great
The server was not good at all - borderline rude
There are much better places to spend your moneyIrish bar in LA.  Cool with me.  Enjoyed my visit with a pint of local Abita amber.  Chill atmosphere and attentive service!  Cheers!Drink a hurricane!! I've came here many times. My friends and I love coming here to enjoy our girls night. It a great place to enjoy live music is you like Live performance.  Remember if you ordered a glass of hurricane and don't wanna keep the glass, take it to the bar before you leave, you'll get $3 back.Ok, I'm on a Christmas road trip to Lincoln, NE. (My wife's Hometown) We decide to do the souther route from Tampa Bay through my first and heartfelt hometown, NOLA! It's Sunday, we do the Qtr and have lunch at Pat's while watching the Saints. Can it get better than that? We share a Hurricane (THE drink) and do the holy trinity of Pat's, Gumbo, Crawfish Etouffee, and Jambalaya with a side of RedBeans & Rice ! I gotta tell ya, the etouffee was so damn good, next time I go back, and I will, I'll OD on the holy dish! It's a no brainer. Ya gotta join the party at Pat's. N'awlins tradition. Who Dat! Oh, and yes, the flamin' fountain lives!Okay, so am I alone or does this place give anyone else spring break flashbacks?  Four beyond drunken barely post-pubescent boys who have has so much to drink they cannot stand straight.  The world for them is tilting ever so gently to the left...more...more...oops.  Oh, all four?  We have a frat boy down.  I repeat, a frat boy down.
I enjoyed wandering Bourbon Street with my open-top 64oz HIGHLY alcoholic fruit punch that they call a hurricane.  Pat O'Brien's is indeed a tourist trap, but the floor show (see above) has moments of insane hilarity and I know of few tourist traps that hand over that much alcohol for $7.omg! the shrimp and grit cake is what that is!!!!! my mother, auntie and i are still talking about the shrimp and grits here 3 months later... we plan to venture back to the big easy just to experience the shrimp and grits one mo 'gin :) .... we also order the coconut shrimp hot wings and the sample trio of jambalaya red beans and rice and gumbo all of which were delicious!!!!A great day and night popular hotspot. The creole and gumbo were on point - and had some nice heat!!! Not cheap but not overpriced either. Service was impeccable. A hurricane at night by the fountain is a quintessential NOLA experience.One of my favorite spots to eat on bourbon street had the New Orleans trio and aligators bite and omg absolutely scrumptious every bite ... Great service great atmosphere...Classic place with pianos playing and people singing.  Well worth it, a must if you are in the New Orleans area!  Hurricane drink is delicious and strong, the service was on point as well.Out of my whole trip this place stands above the rest. Oneal is the best server we've had in NOLA. He is kind, friendly, and efficient. We wish we had him at all the other restaurants that we visited. The food was also phenomenal!  Alligator bites, rustic pasta, and the special jack daniels pulled pork were unbelievable! Highly recommend this restaurant and Oneal as your server!!Decor: 4/5
Service: 4/5
Drink: 4/5
Had my first Hurricane here. Damn this thing will mess you up!
I'm not much of a drinker but this place is quite large and its outdoors.
There are plenty of places to walk about and sit. The music wasn't loud so having a conversation with friends doesn't include yelling :)
I don't have much to say cause I was only here for 20 minutes to chat with dental students and try the Hurricane.