Very touristy but beggars can't be choosers when this happened to be one of the few affordable places we found open on Thanksgiving Day. They do have a nice patio which was great in the warm evening. I had the blackened chicken with mashed potatoes. Food was okay but nothing worth coming to given all the good restaurants NOLA has to offer. The staff was attentive and friendly despite the long line of people waiting for tables.What an incredible atmosphere to sit and have a bite or a drink or both. Went here last night after dinner and sat and had an amazing hurricane cocktail. Place is huge and everyone there is friendly and helpful. Drinks were reasonable too and like I said, the environment was great. Don't miss itFirst time visiting and the food was simply amazing! The server and other workers were awesome. The food was everything plus more! Shrimp and grits like no other!Yeah, it is a tourist mecca, but the courtyard restaurant is a great place to eat in the FQ.  Great courtyard setting, and the food is amazingly reasonable priced for what/where it is.  Food was good.  Love the muffaletta sandwich here.
You can have a Hurricane... not my favorite, a little too sweet.  But you have to have at least one, and it might as well be here (though I hear they make them their mix here -- makes sense.  I'd love to try one not from a mix).
Not fine or adventurous dining, but a solid choice if you're hungry and want to have a pleasant meal.It is pretty much what you expect. The Hurricane is strong and not that tasty. The piano bar was the real treat. It was a nice experience.The Hurricanes are GREAT!  Can't remember the name of the appetizer- it was a cheesy, shrimp & spinach dip with crusty toast. Salad was very good, pasta dishes are ok. Service was hilarious and interesting, very prompt. I would definitely go back.It was okay.  I had a sandwich that was okay.  My wife had some gumbo that was also ok.  Both the food and the service were only just ok.   The pizza by the slice place I had later on was much tastier and cheaper.   It's okay, that's it..This isn't my first time at Pat O'Briens but it is my last!  The service was awful from the hostess all the way to the bus boy that cleaned the table behind us  flinging food in to my husbands hair.  The waitress was extremely but very friendly.  We loved the food but it takes more than just good food to keep people coming back!Came here to try the famous Hurricane and we were not disappointed! They did not skimp on the liquor. Very touristy and chaotic place, but worth stopping by. The food was so-so. Not terrible, but not amazing. We had the fried Gator, catfish, and red beans & rice. Gator was a little over done and the catfish was okay. The red beans and rice was pretty good. Come here for the drinks, not the food. NOLA has way too many good places to eat!Beware of the awesome hurricane. They creep up on you. Cool chill spot. Def go inside to the courtyard.Great drinks - def come and have the Hurricane here (and their other sweet, mixed summery drinks). However, be aware: if it comes in a glass, you can KEEP the glass (or trade it in for $3 off your bill). They do NOT tell you this when you sit down. (They should tell you: if you want the souvenir glass, which you can keep it this price, or we can serve it to you in the disposable plastic cup for $3 less).  We spoke with the manager who graciously fixed the situation but still - employees ripping off patrons by charging higher prices for drinks (and thus getting bigger tips) isn't exactly my idea of a well run or welcoming place.  Would I come back? Yes... because the drinks are good and now I know!Wow this place is awesome. The atmosphere is great, but the servers are even better. The guys with green coats greet you at the door with a big NOLA smile. Kim, Ron...great guys and Michael is the best if you need anything. These guys went above and beyond during our several visits here.  A New Orleans icon that is worth the visit. Highly recommend!Ordered hurricanes, gumbo, alligator, shrimp étouffée, shrimp creole. All of it was very good. Would be 5 stars but for the 35 minutes between ordering and getting food.This place is absolutely worth visiting when in NOLA. Go for a couple of hurricanes and the dueling pianos at night. The artists usually pick songs from guest requests making the whole experience is a little more fun. And the bar is unbelievably huge and every part of it is gorgeous.Anna was our server and she was personable and fun! We had a great time drinking hurricanes and chilling on the patio!Being from Orlando, I was a bit weary of dining at Pat O'Briens because I've always associated it with a touristy place in Universal CityWalk. I wasn't aware of it's history. We dined at night with the FQ winding up outside and the water/fire elements inside flickering and splashing. I ordered the shrimp and grits and was very pleased with every component was flavorful individually and even better when combined.After visiting here many years ago we were excited to visit again while in town. It was short lived. Upon arrival we were put in the bar and told there was a thirty minute wait. When we didn't buy drinks we were seated within 3-4 minutes. The wing appetizer was atrocious, soggy and  tasted like spaghetti sauce. The pasta was beyond overcooked and the sauce was mostly unseasoned pasta water. Disgusting!! Only highlight was the nice waitress who didn't charge us for the pasta I sent back.This is a must if you visit New Orleans. I give them high points for location, service, food, drinks, and atmosphere.Ok soo the food is just eh, and the drinks are a little pricey but its the home of the Hurricane!!!This is a much quieter bar on Bourbon Street aka a breath of fresh air. You can escape the crazy noise of the surrounding bars, but they also play music here so it's not dead silent. Joe was our bartender and he was great. He had great stories and served us good drinks. It was also pretty inexpensive!Great place with lovely ambiance. The drinks are strong so beware.  Went here two days in a row with great different Corrine's both times. Will definitely visit again.This place is huge and not a bad place to hang out on the weekends. They have a beautiful fountain with fit in it that I absolutely loved. The drinks off of the mixed drink menu were not great and I didn't like that you get charged for the souvenir glass and can only get a refund for it at the bar. It was super crowded and quite rowdy. A fight broke out near the fountain while we were there.We stopped in for Hurricanes and apps but they were so crowded we could not get either. A real disappointment after a nice visit ten years prior.Great atmosphere!!! A Must see when visiting NOLA. A good spot for tourists and also for locals.The plus side is great service, great food, and great drinks. It is very enjoyable to sit outside or inside and the piano bar is also wonderful. A perfect way to spend an evening.Definitely touristy. Mid scale chain-restaurant feel with a nice atmosphere.
The Shrimp and Grits was great, and had a wonderful taste. Would recommend that to anyone. The wings with the Pat O'Briens Bloody Mary sauce was not quite the flavor I was hoping for. Not much spice, more of a tomato sauce. Would not recommend those if you are used to more of a Buffalo style. Ample sized typical Caesars salad to start things off. I had to try the signature Hurricane, as it was invented at Pat's. For someone who's more of a martini and gin and tonic kind of guy, this was like taking spoonfuls of sugar and gulping them down. 
The staff was courteous and prompt, clearing my dishes very quickly. 
The atmosphere really stands out as the main attraction here, and well worth sitting and enjoying the architecture and fountain. I was here at night, so the lights and fire in the fountain really stood out.
I would go again, but skip the Hurricane and try a different appetizer.We sat out on the patio and even though it was blistering hot outside, it was actually pretty enjoyable sitting by the water fountain in the shade. 
I thought it was a little weird that they made you close out every time you ordered a drink (although I can understand with the crowd), but drink prices were very reasonable and we had a great time.Had a great time this past Friday night. Server was upbeat, fast and attentive, food arrived quickly and was just as described on the menu. The hurricanes are delicious but don't underestimate how strong they are! 
If you can wait/ask for courtyard seating as opposed to the front bar it really is worth it, the fountains make for a nice atmosphere, you'd never know busy Bourbon street was just a few steps away,Best Blackened Chicken EVER!!!
Freshest Fried Catfish, SSSOOOO Delicious!!  
Stronger than expected Hurricane, which made it PERFECT!! 
Friendly, helpful and humorous staff!
We WILL be back!!We enjoy eating here when we visit Nola. We always get the jambalaya & red beans and rice. The food is always good. The HURRICANES are AWESOME. DO NOT get a HURRICANE anywhere else but here (it won't compare, I promise).The food and hurricanes  were delicious had a wonderful time with my friends. Will definitely come back and tell my friends about it. It was great.We made a quick stop here after touring the French Quarter. It is worth stopping in to see the old building and history. The famous NOLA drink called the Hurricane was first created here. I had the Sazerac and Julianna the Lemonade. We enjoyed both while taking our surroundings and r capping our day.The place is nice, epic garden with good music and party. They have very good cocktails, they are famous for the Hurricane. The food is just decent, nothing special. Staff is ok.We go to nola a lot and always stop in here for food and drink. Of course you gotta have a hurricane or two. Be careful, they will seek up on you. Gator bites are the best i have had. Very tender, good clean meat. They also have all your cajun dish's your craving. I would also recommend trying their bloody mary wings, really good.We used the restroom and when we came back in, they said that we "brought our drinks from another bar" and had to dump them out before coming back in. Those drinks weren't cheap!John was very friendly and a wonderful server. The hurricanes are very strong.  It was an awesome lunch!Had a great time at this place! First and foremost, the Hurricanes are a must try. Think you're a heavyweight? Be careful because the strength of this drink will slowly creep. We also tried some fab appetizers including:
-fried alligator (nom)
-oysters (pretty tasty, deep fried)
-wings (my mom said they were okay)
Overall awesome atmosphere in the famous French Quarter and killer drinks!This is a cool location (we ate outside) with good service and good food. We had the gator bites, which has been the best gator I've had yet. Their gator is nice and meaty. I also had the crab boiled brisket, which was very good but soooo much meat. I would've had trouble finishing it by myself. I ordered a side salad, which was a very large salad and worth the extra money! I recommend it to side with the brisket, because while the brisket is flavorful it's also quite salty, and the salad was a nice palate cleanser while eating it.This a a large fun place to go where you have a few areas to choose from to have whatever experience you want. Have dining areas, outdoor seating, indoor bar, and live music area. Really nice that you can choose like that. They service is very good, the place gets super busy and several servers will attend to your needs to keep you satisfied. They give you the option of returning the glass they give you or give it back, they do give you $3 back when you choose this option.
This is a great place for groups to have a lot of fun, the atmosphere is very nice and you can spend a good amount of time here while being comfortable.We didn't eat here, but it was a good little spot to sit in their courtyard and enjoy some yummy cocktails. Very touristy but it was very pleasant!Food was great, we had alligator bites and fried oysters. Gumbo was good too. Service is good, the waiting time was not great but the music and the bar helped a lot. The atmosphere there is always festive and that is what we enjoyed the most. Definitely visiting them again in our next trip to New Orleans.I planned my 30th birthday party in the Briar's Suite at Pat O'Briens, after shopping balconies on Bourbon St for 8+ months. This was by far the most bang for my buck with all that was included (3 hour open bar, passed apps & a display presentation, plus a king cake!)
Everything was fantastic form the planning process through execution of the event (I am in event sales in TX, so I had high expectations for things to run smoothly). The food was delicious, and my guests are still talking about how awesome of a time they had.
I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a party with a Bourbon view, without too much hassle.The must go near Bourbon Street if you want a classy spot to hang out.  Staff is extremely helpful and professional.  They love to give you are hard time too I  a fun manner.  Have fun and keep the party going.This is a must go eat and see restaurant. Very good food, service and great atmosphere. It's a comfortable and relaxing place.We had a server on a Saturday night that was potentially the rudest individual in the hospitality industry I had ever met. I was consistently not acknowledged when I asked for help and tolerated an overall terrible attitude. Eventually I asked if I had done something wrong to upset her and she went into hysterics saying she didn't know me and stormed off. I should have asked for a manager but was so appalled by her ugly and malicious personality that I just left.  Her ability to make a guest feel unwelcome is her strongest talent and I would say ruined what should have been a 5 star rating.Best food ever. Can't wait till we can visit again.We ate here on Christmas Day evening after a 40 minute wait and the food was great but the service could have been better. I had to flag down the waitress to refill my water and she was serving tables in a very small area. My sons got their famous Hurricane drink which is made with gold rum and they said it was good but very sweet. Drinks were $17.00 for 2 plus a $6 refundable glass charge. One son ordered their chicken wings appetizer which is soaked in Bloody Mary sauce and he loved it. Another son got the burger with a side of gumbo and he loved his burger. I ordered the blackened chicken dinner with a side of red beans and rice. My dinner came with grilled veggies too. The food was delicious, portions were good and the decor was awesome. The total bill was $62.51 but that included the $6 glass fee we got back.The hurricane is born and they go down so good here also the shrimp and grits are amazing. Can't leave without at least one mint Julip. Every time we left out of here we always found our way backWell, its a fun place and there are definitive tourist trappings involved here.  
Good Service, fun place, unfortunately the drink sucks for me due to my cancer issues.  Wife liked it at firs but kept wanting more ice,,,
Nodoubt a fun place,,,,Just note, the hurricane and most of their other signature cocktails are served in a special souvenir glass. Bring it back to the bar on the way out to get a $3 back. 
Here I ordered the crawfish étouffée and shrimp and grits. I loved my Crawfish dish. As for shrimp and grits I thought it tasted to shrimpy... but the grits were very good.
Nice tourist trap and a place worth grabbing a drunk bite at.We had a pretty good experience at Pat O'Briens.  The dueling pianos were outstanding; we loved hearing the amazing music, even though the room was quite packed. The staff was very attentive and friendly and the environment was really fun (outdoor patio with a flaming fountain!).  
However, we weren't impressed by the famous Hurricane drink, or a couple of others that we tried.  They're extremely sugary and full of artificial mixes - a hangover waiting to happen!  Wish we hadn't paid so much for drinks that were inferior to other places on Bourbon Street.
Overall, though, I'd go back for the environment, and perhaps a beer rather than a mixed drink :)Delicious gumbo and jambalaya can be found here! Not only is Pat O'Brien's a great bar but it also has great food. Definitely one of my favorite places to stop a grab a bite to eat while on Bourbon Street.Their Hurricane's are a MUST HAVE.  The courtyard is very cozy and a very fun atmosphere.  We also ate dinner here.  The Crawfish Etouffee was OUTSTANDING!  As was the gumbo and fried gator.  We enjoyed our time here so much, we went twice!  It's a stop we'll be making any time we are in NOLA.The food was absolutely amazing and very decently prized. The outside seating area is very cute. They also have a piano bar. We only peaked in, but the singer sounded good. The music was quite loud, though. Only downside I found at this place is the service. As soon as you come in a variety of bartenders starts yelling at you for attention. The waitresses were uninterested and stand off-ish.I was with a group of friends to shave dinner and drinks. We all had a great time. Our waitress was fun and the food was delicious! I would definitely come back and recommend anyone to check it out!Hurricane drink was the least sweetest of all the ones I tasted.  My husband loved the crawfish ettouflette.  The trio was what we had, (red beans and rice, jambalaya, gumbo). Perfect to try and good!Pat Obrians was great! They've got three different bars, one of which was playing live music (piano battle). Our bartender Ashton was super funny and nice! Def recommend.The bar and restaurant are good stops to make if your on Bourbon. The food and drinks were descent. If you get a signature cocktail you get to keep the souvenir cup and a little gift bag. My friend had their cocktail lemonade and I had their margarita.  We shared the appetizer trio with 3 varieties of gumbo& jambalaya and the gator bites. Which were all decent and perfect portions to share on a binger. We had no complaints about anything. The patio was pretty and relaxing with a nice ambience. The best part of this place though was our waitress, Andrea. She was the BEST. The place was packed which can cause some customers to become hostile and grumpy (Check yourselves next time your that customer because when places are packed you either gotta be patient or go somewhere else). That day there seemed to be a lot of you entitled customers, but no matter what she was on point with a smile on her face. 
If you get this shout out Andrea..Thanks so much!  We're so happy we met, chatted& had a good laugh. Hoping the best for you and your fam!What a disappointment 
I was here multiple times and always had an excellent experience. Today we stopped for lunch received our food relatively quickly with NO drinks, NO water for over 25 minutes. The only reason we received a drink was due to the fact we asked the manger to come to our table. Mr RUDE probably should be relieved of his duty because he was bothered that we even had the nerve to ask for a glass of water. 
Trust me their are a ton of other places to spend your money where the food is better and the customer service rocks. Try the Blind Pelican you won't be disappointed
Going back to Universal Pat Briens for fun and serviceWe came here during our search for the best Bloody Mary in N.O. (if you've ever been to Chimes in Baton Rouge that is the type of Bloody Mary we had in mind) unfortunately, the bloody Mary's here tasted like bland tomato juice.  From there, we thought to order the crawfish étouffée and catfish strips.  Both were bland in my opinion but my husband thought the catfish was pretty decent.  I'm giving a three star rating because the hurricanes were pretty good, the bartender kept the drinks coming and the music was good...think "gettin jiggy wit it" which is much different from the elevator music that was in rotation in '96 (at least according to my husband).
If you're looking for really good étouffée search elsewhere (although the real tasty creole and cajun dishes are rarely found in restaurants IMO)....Pat O'Brien's we heard was a go to in NoLA. We had some daiquiris because the wait was a little long. They were pretty tasty. A bunch of us got the burger. And boy, it was a burger. They all came out well done, which is not what we asked for or what the menu said. But, it was still good. It was so big. I felt like I was eating for days. The ranch they brought with it was a tad watery, but I know some people like that. Two at our table got the catfish strips which was enough for leftovers and the breading was pretty perfect--light and crunchy. And the fries were pretty good. Annoyed that a table of 7 couldn't split the check, but overall pretty good service and food.Come here and order a hurricane! They've got a beautiful courtyard for you to enjoy the weather in while you eat and the hurricane is very delicious! Just note, the hurricane and most of their other signature cocktails are served in a special souvenir glass. Bring it back to the bar on the way out to get a $3 back. 
Here I ordered the crawfish étouffée. I also had the étouffée at another restaurant (Acme Oyster House) and thought it was better here.Just here for drinks and the Skylab & Hurricanes are great! Don't' forget to turn in your glasses for a $3 refund for each.The bald bartender at the restaurant was very rude. He wouldn't even acknowledge us. When other customers were telling him that we were ready to order, he completely ignored us and started talking shit about us to the other customers. We are from the west coast and are not used to rude people like this. Don't go into customer service if you are going to be rude.My husband and I stopped here for lunch one day while we were in NOLA and it was a great spot!  They are many different areas to choose from to sit and drink or dine.  Nice outdoor area that we walked through.  We got the alligator bites which were so good! And of course the must have hurricane drink.  It wasn't too strong and it was actually really good!Absolutely a MUST GO TO BAR! Of course we got the Hurricanes... Strong and not overly sweet like a lot of places make them. They were just right!!! Our group sat in the bar and watched the game. It's a little dark in there but it didn't bother us. We sat along the wall where they have tall bar stools and a ledge and enjoyed our drinks. The bartender was really friendly. The bathrooms are in the Piano room all the way in the far corner and you do have to fight through the crowd to get there when they are packed, which is a bit difficult, but what can you do it goes with the territory.The NOLA experience rolled into one place!  OMG!  Especially if your time is limited, come here!!!  There's a couple of entances to this facinating world.  One entrance via Bourbon Street.  A pathway leads you into a colorful courtyard.  Walking through is itself an experience.  People, music, fountains, bars, restaurant with outside seating, people standing, dancing, laughing, and just enjoying.  Look up to another level where there's the piano bar and pretty bathrooms.  Keep walking and there's a small tshirt shop but at the other end of the courtyard is another enclosed bar with one  huge screen and music jamming.  Micheal Jackson was playing, some 80s, 90s then current pop.  Right across is the the Jazz Room and is absolutely ridiculously fun.  Ambiance is amazing and the gentleman table servers wearing green blazers approach and seat you almost immediately.  You would be a fool not to go in (no cover just buy a drink). The music sucks you in.  Once in, the musicians embrace you and the audience on occasion sing along.  Place is always engaging. We entered to "Sweet Caroline" crowd singing along. They take requests too.  One of our friends requested the Pina Colada song (Escape) and crowd went wild.  They also played rock songs adding jazz flavor.  It's amazing to see a crowd so diverse and truly in harmony, especially in the current turmoil of our world. PRICELESS.Ordered a Hurricane. He pulled it out from underneath the bar and handed it to us. It was watered down.  We won't  be back.
Went to Oceanas. Food was great and Hurricanes were even better.I have never been so disgusted by the service from a restaurant. The waiter was inattentive and incredibly rude. He was purposely ignoring our group and talking BAD about us to the ladies right next to us. I'm not sure who taught him manners or customer service for that matter. Let's just say the entertainment is great but the service is so poor that I wouldn't recommend coming here for food or drinks. 
Management- please train your waiters/waitresses and your bartenders. This place has the potential to be great fun but the employees really ruined it.We had catfish appetizer, Cesar Salad, Gumbo, muffalatta. Everything wonderful!!!. Huge salad for $4 ...called small. Salad and catfish or gumbo would have been plenty.We went here after a show at the Preservation Hall. We of course had the Hurricanes. Pretty tasty! But what made our visit amazing was our server Cleo! She was so cute and fun!!! She had a great sense of humor and was very playful.
You can search high and low
And not find one like Cleo!Pat O'briens did not disappoint on Christmas day! They opened at 4pm...we opted to sit inside to forego a 40 minute wait for the courtyard. Our server made us feel like Jack Sparrow was on board, so much personality he almost forgot our order, and we didn't even mind. At his recommendation I had the shrimp and grits and my dinner partner the seafood cakes. Both entrees were full of flavor with a Cajun kick and portioned just right,  didn't have us wanting more. Hurricanes definitely and by far the best, had them at other places where they were too sweet or acidic. Overall the ambiance was exactly what we were seeking in NOLA. You can walk on over to the gift shop and also check out the restaurant and exit on St. Peters. And the server was good about advising the $3 refund available in the event you didn't want to keep the souvenir cup.This place was awesome. Loved the atmosphere and how quickly we were able to be seated, even though it was super busy! Had the jambalaya and the Bloody Mary wings and they were literally life changing. This is a must when you're in NOLA.It is pretty much what you expect. The Hurricane is strong and not that tasty. The piano bar was the real treat. It was a nice experience.We had to try it because we were visiting NOLA for the first time. I had the Cajun trio and it was okay. It was a cup of jambalaya, red beans and rice, and gumbo. My sister had a blackened chicken sandwich. She said it was amazing.  My husband and son had burgers and they were just fine. Sister and I had their signature hurricane and it was delicious. Husband has a Bloody Mary and it was great. The staff took the time to find a place for us with our 6 year old and 4 month old son. I wasn't sure if kids were allowed, and if you're concerned about going with your kids just do it. It was totally fine.This was such a beautiful space, it was a shame to have had such a bizarre experience. 
First, we walked in and weren't sure where to go or whether we had to be seated. We approached a young man and he told us to sit where we liked. He gave us menus and then he disappeared. An older gentleman approached us and asked if we'd been served. We said no. He asked who sat us and we pointed out the young man. He told us that the young man would be with us soon. But he never came. So we went and got our drinks from the bar. The older gentleman then came back and tried to provide service. This included taking the popcorn off another table and giving it to us. We didn't see him do it, but the patron of that table approached us to tell us about it and laugh about it. Then, he did it again! Straight took the popcorn off a table with people sitting at it and gave it to us. That table was visibly upset, reported it to another server, and then left. It was so weird that this man kept giving us popcorn that we never asked for and SUPER ODD that he kept taking it off other people's table who actually seemed to care about the popcorn. 
Needless to say, we finished our round of drinks and got out of there! If I ever go there again, it would have to be in a larger group and after many more drinks in order to enjoy those types of antics or find them amusing.Went to this place two nights in a row when I was in Nola. It was that good! I had the New Orleans Trio the first night and they were all great, but my personal favorite was the gumbo. The 2nd night I had the Rustic pasta and it was delicious! Their margaritas are also very good (depending on which bartender). The service was friendly and the ambience was nice and outdoors with water fountains around.Kool place, good cover bands and of course the drinks!  Nice staff!Not my favorite restaurant I visited during my trip to NOLA. I ordered the trio which came with (in order from greatest to least enjoyable) gumbo, jambalaya, and red beans & rice. The gumbo was actually pretty amazing. One of my friends ordered the rustic pasta and that was excellent, but wouldn't recommend the catfish as it was poorly seasoned. I ask ordered a hurricane after having very good encounters with this drink from other places. That was a bad idea, it was disgusting. On the plus side, if you return the glass to the bar you get $4 back.  We ate in the courtyard which was a nice atmosphere and plated a good mix of music. WARNING: if you go with a group, be advised that they do not split checks. Our waitress pocketed $20 from us claiming we didn't calculate right and didn't give her enough money which was a lie. She definitely finessed us.Love dueling piano bars playing my songs! Damn I feel old yet ageless at the same time! 
It would've been 5 stars if better service was offered. Food is not allowed in the piano bar room. I like to drink with appetizers in between. One of the servers in the courtyard doesnt know what the drink in blue glasses people are drinking....and there were lots of them. For cold weather, heaters in the courtyard would be much appreciated. 
There was a lady server in the piano bar that was rude. Instead of saying excuse me to the customer chatting with another person. Rudely she raised her voice, "excuse me but I have many drinks on me!!!".The courtyard seems nice but the Hurricane isn't by cup of tea. It's too sweet and too obvious that it is a mix (which I knew going in but I had to try one). I'll stick with Sazerac's and Bourbon Milk Punches.Pat O' Briens for lunch was an ultimate goal because we needed to know what the hype about drinking a hurricane was. This place has their own mix on how to make one and even trademarked the name. Michael said it was worth the wait, I thought it tasted like medicine. 
As far as food, the gumbo at Pat O'Briens was HANDS DOWN the best I've had. It has some spice to it but LORD HAVE MERCY, it was good. It didn't have okra so the texture wasn't slimy, it was soupy and I loved it. Their fried shrimp platter had well over 25 shrimps and a homemade sauce. Now, let's talk about Michael's jambalaya. First of all, the jambalaya is served as 3 HUGE scoops of rice, beans and sausage. Second of all, it was the best jambalaya we've had. I was shocked to see the authentic creole cuisine hidden in this 90's music playing bar most people come to hang out and have a drink.OMG the food was amazing. The service was exceptional, John is seriously too legit to quit!!!! Great atmosphere, price was right. Will be back.Very good food!! I had the O'Brien Burger smothered in Blu Cheese...awesome
Service was good and let's not forget about their Signature Bloody Mary's. My daughter had Shrimp Creole and said best 'sauce' she has had in a while.Food was delicious! We had a party of 6 on a Friday night. The wait was about 30 minutes. We tried the alligator bites, fried oysters, shrimp creole, jambalaya, gumbo, and the red beans and rice. All tasted great! Totally forgot to try a hurricane from here but I heard they're pretty good as well. Will definitely come back to eat here again when we're in town!Out of all the options in the French quarter, avoid this place if at all possible. Total scam place there entirely to basically double charge tourists in any and every way possible. We probably only caught half their scams. Waiter was a total douche too when called on obvious BS (we ate and drank there so gave them many opps for rip-offs unfortunately). Was only my 3rd visit to Nola so relative newbie but be aware. AVOID!!Really enjoyed coming here during Mardi Gras season. The Hurricanes were the best I had on Bourbon street and the wait to sit down in the Piano room was not long. When my friend and I sat down in the Piano room it was packed but one of the highlights of our trip.. The music was great!! Huge outside patioWhat a great place to visit for lunch, dinner or just drinks. Always lively and at night the music is rock in'. If you're in NO and anywhere near the French quarter, this is a must place to go. Gumbo, raw oysters and on Mondays, red beans and rice which is a tradition in LA. If you like red beans and rice, any place in LA serves it on every Monday. Kind of like McDonalds and their fish sandwich only on Fridays! Anyway, don't drink and drive, especially if you have Pat O'B's hurricane drinks. They do pack a delicious punch. Try it for sure and you will remember it for life!A fun environment and a New Orleans tradition. Get the hurricane and then try something else.The bald male piano player/singer was the worst person I've ever heard at this location in 35 years.", guess I need to drink a lot more. I am saddened to say this is so disappointing, that I lack interest to return for music. Th female had tone and engagement , a person that wanted to entertain more than just make money.Nice big burger! Had a real Sazarac drink! Service was a bit slow. Sat by the bar so it wasn't too loud. The dueling piano area is cool but kind of loud if you want to have a conversation.Beautiful atmosphere and friendly service, but food was Sysco fare. Fried duck and fried oyster tasted exactly the same. Come here to enjoy the patio- don't expect much from the food. If you're on a budget, watch out for the drink ware scam. You buy the glass automatically- you must bring it back to the bar for a refund if you don't want it. Not told this upfront - leaves a bad taste in your mouth in more ways than one.Fun unique concept of dueling pianos and reasonably strong drinks (altho pretty pricy)! Just wish the piano bar room was larger and that they kept a wait list for tables. It's first come, first serve, and ppl frequently were cutting as there was no semblance of a line.Started off on patio with the great fire fountain. Dinner was great; so much food we couldn't finish. Redfish was fantastic! Of course had a Hurricane and was good; my husband had a zombie and that was better. Best Pat O' Briens; we live in Orlando and that one is ok and went to San Antonio store and that one sucked. Server was great and you get free popcorn for a snack:)) cool place to stop by while in the quarterFun time! Something for everyone! Outdoor seating, plus two full huge bars-one with dueling pianos. Lots of fun here!For a nice casual atmosphere I would recommend Pat O'Brien's. I had the Crawfish Étouffée which ended up being the best entree I had the entire 4 night trip to New Orleans. My partner who had the Cajun Shepard's Pie thought his entree was the best of the trip as well. The gator bites were very tough and chewy; I would even go as far to say way over rated.Their hurricanes are slurricanes. One drink and I was done. Their service is amazing, our bartender Alden was so friendly and is blessed with loads of patience because my crew and I were pretty annoying. I had the burger which was delish and my friends all ordered salmon, they also really liked their food. It's also very affordable,hurricanes are only 9 bux!The menu promised grilled and marinated shrimp and house made dressing with my Caesar salad. What a disappointment.
The shrimp were water logged and tasted like nothing. The dressing was bland and insipid. Total waste of $12.
I'm giving two stars for my Cool Breeze drink: a refreshing cranberry/pineapple juice, which I'll attempt to recreate at home.
My friend's burger and fries were overcooked and nothing special, also for $12.
A disappointing culinary start to our New Orleans visit.Had lunch there and the fried shrimp was great!  Service was good considering the crowds.Our server Jaruard is a crook! We ordered the magnum size hurricane and was told that there is a 75 deposit for the glass and will be put back on to my card and a 125 charge for the drink. I signed the check writing cash for tip and hand it back to him along with the 30 in cash. A few weeks later I checked my statement it showed I was still charged 200. I called and disputed the charge. Amex sent me home a letter showing a copy of my receipt w a 75 tip and a signature that wasn't even my signature!I always enjoy stopping by Pat O'Brien's when I visit New Orleans. The hurricanes are good and the atmosphere is great day or night. Larry has been serving me on my trips to New Orleans for the past 2 years, he is definitely the man. If you are looking to have a great time, ask for Larry, he will take care of you and make your visit that more enjoyable.Stopped in after spending some time walking down Bourbon. My first time in NOLA so we had to stop at the place of the original Hurricane! Total for two hurricanes with Souvenir glasses came out to be around $25. Not too bad in my opinion. Worth it!
Lots of seating when you go further into the establishment. Wasn't too crowded.We ordered the Hurricane which was pretty good.
I ordered the Rice and Beans which normally I wouldn't order. But I must say, it was pretty good.
Waiter we had was personable and the outdoor atmosphere was good.
One complaint, we're in Cajun country, play regional music not hip hop over the speakers.Pat O'Briens is hands down the most fun touristy spot in NOLA. The bouncers were friendly yet on top of things. The wait staff is incredibly nice! The entertainment was so good; the dueling pianos and sing alongs we're soOoOoOoO much fun!! The hurricanes were delicious and potent, and the best part was you get money back for asking the bartender to put it in a to go cup to keep exploring (not sure why you would though cause this place is top notch) They also had a really cool court yard with a burning fountain! When I return to NOLA this is the first place I'm going!Ok place to get a hurricane drink. Boy are they strong. Didn't try any food. But from the looks of everyone's plates didn't look too bad either.It was pretty packed so we ended up eating outside. This was to be expected on a Saturday night. It was cold outside but they had heaters to help. The food came out pretty quick! The catfish and the Cajun shepherds pie was great! The portions were great so it filled us up!The red beans and rice were average. Our waitress was very attentive in the beginning then disappeared. We didn't get any alcohol. No one in the group likes Hurricanes so we just skipped it. With it being so cold outside the food got cold pretty fast but that is what happens when you sit outside. Overall would go again and try out more things!Apparently, this is a very touristy spot to visit on Bourbon St. while in New Orleans.  The area is pretty spacious & even has a very nice patio area that possibly becomes a dance floor later(?).  We had a little bit of a wait, but going to the bar to order a drink made it easy.  Once we were taken to our table (after about a 10 minute wait) we ended up waiting about another 10 minutes before anyone came over to take our drink order.  Granted, the place was very busy....but 10 minutes is a long time to b e greeted & put a drink order in.  
Once we received our drinks we just ordered a few apps of alligator bites, chicken wings & a salad to share.  Those came out really fast.  The alligator bites were nothing to write home about.  Just breaded fried meat.  The wings, However (And I'm NOT a wing fan) had a great bloody mary type of sauce that they were tossed in.  Those were delicious!!  
All in all, you don't miss much if you decide to skip this place.This place is absolutely terrible! The two guys standing outside on 4/23/17 stole $20 from my husband's pocket, red handed. Do not go here!! The people they have working here are criminals!Please don't go here for the food since there are literally thousands of better places all over the place. While I do not recommend eating here it is a good place to grad some drinks with some friends when looking to escape bourbon street chaos. Try to get all your drinks and shots in plastic as they charge you 3 dollars extra for glass and then you have to rerun it to bar yourself to get the 3 dollars back.Food was ok . I liked it got better in kinder LA the girl who say us had attitude maybe being min wage created laziness, went through the courtyard the guy who told us to go in the back was more worried about his social networking but took us to the girl with the attitude. Servers were nice but the front end people suck . Drinks were good but those two need to get a job bagging groceriesFood was fantastic!!  Drinks were stiff!!!  Everything I expected and more!!!  Best shrimp and grits I've ever had!!!  She liked the crawfish étouffée too!!After a 30 Hour drive from Florida to escape hurricane Irma. Where would you go?  Of course the place that originated the famous Hurricane drinks.  
   It was good to sit and take in the activity and the NOLA aromas while figuring what we are going to investigate while in the city of Saints.The food was good here however they don't  split checks which made things confusing. (Party of 6). If you order a drink they will charge you up front for a souvenir glass and you will have to go to the bar for a refund. All we felt shoukd have been told upon entering the estsblisment. Service was not all that great for us.Great atmosphere! Love the courtyard and fountain when it's not hot and humid outside. It's nice to sit somewhere with their signature hurricane that's not loud like other places on Bourbon Street. Although, if it's music you like, you can sit inside and listen to the piano.We stopped in tonight after a day full of typical tourist activities meaning we didn't get a lunch and were completely starving. I don't know what everyone else is talking about when it comes to the service because we were treated amazing. We started off with catfish strips which were great. I had the fish of the day- salmon with sauteed veggies and it was the best salmon I ever had and a HUGE portion for just $14. My husband had the shepherds pie which was also great. I had a daiquiri and he tried their famous hurricane- both of which were amazing. Went down smooth and the rum was so sweet. Definitely a great experience on Bourbon St.Hurricanes are welcome here anytime, what a place to let all your worries out, relax, and have a blast!1Outrageously fun. Hurricanes are their specialty and they are potent. Blackened Salmon was outstanding. Coming from the Pacific Northwest that's high praise indeed. Major party ambience. Our service was spot on. Darn fine pecan pie to top it off.Came here for my BIRTHDAY - it was so good! 
Got a free drink for ma burfday! 
John our waiter was amazing! So cheerful and took care of everything before we even asked! 
Fun environment to just chill out for lunch 
Highly RecommendedThis is a staple of NOLA!! You must stop by here at least once and grab their famous hurricane beverage. If you're hungry this is also a great spot to get some food. Their wings are to dye for! If you're a jambalaya fan, don't forget to order a cup or bowl. This a fun place to either sit and eat or just grab a few drinks. Be sure you eat something so you can drink a hurricane or two. That drink can be lethal to your night of fun if you don't have food in your stomach. ;)Food was excellent, service was okay. Husband ordered a hurricane and was charged for the glass it came in.  Had to pay the bill and then return the glass to the bar for the $3 refund.  Kind of a pain.Overall: Come for the hurricanes, stay for the hurricanes. If you're hungry, go for it, but there is better food out there.
The good: Once we finally got seated, the service was pretty accommodating. The hurricanes are obviously a highlight. They get you toasty. Lots of options to choose from. Good sized portions. Alligator bites were tasty. 
The bad: The food was average. I mean, it's PoB's, you come for the canes. But still, don't expect fine dining. On the more expensive side. They have "Orleans" cuisine but it's nothing special. 
Atmosphere: 7.5/10
Service: 7.5/10
Food: 7.5/10Happy birthday to me with a free Hurricane! 
I ordered a trio and it was pretty good. 
My waiter was super cool and friendly tho...outside patio....JoeI don't have much I can add for Pat O'Brien's other than the hurricane's are legendary! We stopped by for a drink and that was it. We sat in the bar, which has a nice - not Bourbon Street crazy on a weekday, atmosphere. Other places were still out of control and extremely loud, but this was our last night after a week stay. That is too long, which is probably why we wanted to have one last hurricane but just couldn't handle another wild night!
All in all - a visit to New Orleans isn't complete without a hurricane. And a hurricane isn't a hurricane if it isn't from Pat O'Brien's! ;-DThe staff was friendly, the atmosphere was relaxed and open, and everything was delicious. The shrimp creole was mouthwatering and the hurricane was strong! It's a great spot for dinner in the French Quarter!I'd give yourself a two hurricane limit. 3 will have you sleeping in a bathtub. They serve other drinks besides hurricanes. Oh and in case your wondering a hurricane has 4 shots of rum. Get there early!I love this place and only wish I discovered it sooner! When you first walk in, it's the restaurant with live music. Keep walking to the back patio and it's a place you can chill with drinks. Outside had a nice fun fountain with fire and tacky neon decorations that really fit the theme. They also have servers and multiple bars so you'll be sure to get your drinks. 
This place is known for the hurricanes which basically tastes like fruit punch. So dangerously good! Bonus points for giving us free bags of popcorn to munch on! You can also purchase the glass if you like as well which they charge for initially so don't forget to return it if you don't want it. Doesn't come with the actual drink.For some reason the locals aren't too fond of this place. Probably because it's crawling with drunken tourist. I came for the hurricanes and I was not disappointed. I was later told by a local that I should have tried something called a Red, White and Blue. Maybe next time. 
The Hurricanes were around $8 - $11 if you don't return the giant glass it comes in. The way it goes is they charge you $11 initially but you have the option to keep the glass. We returned ours and they gave us $3 for each Hurricane we had. Their waiter also gave us a nice tip which was that we could bring food in and just buy drinks. He warned us that the food wasn't great so we opted to eat somewhere else. 
It was very loud and very much an outdoor nightclub. It was crawling with drunken tourist but nothing too bad. Just the regular annoying tourist you find in any city. But we did get pretty lit for less than $30. And they have a flaming outdoor waterfall. I'll definitely be back.Pat O'Brien's is an oasis on Bourbon Street. My partner and I were looking for a place to eat that offered something other than daiquaris and pizza. We stopped to read O'Brien's menu and decided to try their mahi sandwich and shrimp creole. The food was good, not great, but certainly better than average. The atmosphere was the best part of our visit; a cool spot, in the courtyard, with  jazz trio playing in front of the fountain. The staff were all friendly and although it took a little while for our tab to arrive, the place was comfortable enough that we didn't mind. And the prices were reasonable.The food was excellent and the service was fantastic.  Would recommend this resturant. The price was right for the amount of food you get.I was in NOLA Valentine's Day weekend. I was advised to check this place out so it being my first trip there, I did. I did not try a hurricane lol. So let because I fully intended to have a long night of drinking and I did not wanna leave the restaurant on my ass. My friends however did, and they said they were strong, and I believe it, just from the sights of their tipsy faces lol love it!  I ordered the pasta which was good, but I was still hungry after I finished it. Honestly, I think I would rather try something else in the menu next time I go back because the pasta was just okay it wasn't to die for. That may have been because I had heard so many good things about the place tho. I loved the atmosphere and the courtyard! It was so pretty that day too! The waiters were nice and tended to us well and we were a party of 10. Next time I go for sure I'm getting a hurricane!Best jambalya ever!!!! Gumbo is mostly chicken but very flavorful! Beans and rice were delightful. Yes I had the sampler Taste of New Orleans!Sit in the courtyard. Prepare for sugary drinks.Pat Obrien
Went in for late night drinks.  We decided to sit in the courtyard wish..I wanted the alligator so we were disappointed to find out that the food stopped around 11:00 but oh well. The service was great.  The people were friendly and the hurricanes we ordered were cold and delicious.  These are in my opinion the best on Bourbon Street and a reasonable.  Turn in the glass and get $3.00 off the price.  I definitely recommend.You may consider going just because it is such a landmark and the building is really cool, as well as the setup.  However, the staff is pretty bad at their job, dismissive and poor attention to detail when it comes to orders.  I wouldn't go back the next time I'm in NOLA unless I'm with friends who want to see it.Pat o briens was amazing, and the bartender Ashton was the most professional, generous, handsome bartender we have met on our trip! We will return for Ashton alone bc he was amazing!!!!What I can I say, loved the dueling pianos! Ordering a Hurricane is a must. Loved the spirit and atmosphere. When visiting New Orleans, you must go!You HAVE to go here when visiting NOLA. My father in law and mother in law went here when they were married and enjoyed it so much my father in law had to take my husband and I here when we went on vacation with him this year. He said I had to try the hurricane since this establishment was famous for them - no more convincing needed. That was the first thing I ordered.
Before I get further into the review, I guess there are three different areas for this place. There's the patio restaurant, bar area, and dueling piano area. This review is strictly for the restaurant. 
On to the review.
Food - what to order, so many choices and it was my first night in NOLA so whatever I ordered, I wanted to make sure it set the bar at a decent standard for the rest of my NOLA experience. I referred to my trusty yelp app to figure out what to order and I went with the shrimp in grits. I was not disappointed. Although the shrimp was a litttle slimmy to my liking (you could buy it at costco), its the grits that's the star of this dish. The deep fried triangle yumminess, oh hell it was so good I had to demolish my meal. The sauce and seasoning in this dish - exactly what I was looking for!!!!! 
Spicy food - check
Great alcoholic beverage - check
Friendly staff - check
Seated right away - check
Not to many negatives for me. My father in law and his wife didn't like their meal too much, but I was in hog heaven with my shrimp and grits.Our bartender Ashton was hilarious and v cute A+ love this place. Great drinks and even better customer serviceStopped in for a hurricane on a Tuesday night. The bar was jumping & the piano players were setting the mood. Great atmosphere!! Great drinks!! Didn't have to wait long for anything. Bathrooms very clean.My husband and I are enjoying a Hurricane at the famous O'Brien's! We are sitting in the window and enjoying the street crowd. The bartenders are a blast! They even gave us a to go cup and some beads. Good times and laughs at this New Orleans landmark!We were looking forward to Pat O'briens our whole trip. My wife wanted the hurricane and I was getting a bloody marry. We were sharing some soup as well. When we went in the hostess told us to grab a seat in the dinner area by the bar. We did and awaited anxiously. After a minute our first poor encounter occurred when a waitress asked us to move if we weren't getting food. We told her we were looking forward to the gumbo and drinks. She left.  The next encounter was another waitress who now more rudely (we didn't think that was possible after the tone of the first waitress) said the same thing. Finally, a third came over and wanted us to move. She was downright nasty. It is one thing to ask politely and explain that it looked like it may rain and they wanted to keep seats for full dinners is one thing.  That was never done. It was never even made clear. After each conversation they rudely said ok after we informed them that we planned to get gumbo. Talking to us three separate times like we were dirt is not a coincidence. The service could not have been worse. I have never been to a place that talked so poorly to my wife that she was in tears.  I cannot imagine how a place hires three separate people that are that horrible.
There are so many great places to go in New Orleans. Don't waste your time here.Wife and I were in town for some business and also celebrating our wedding anniversary. Stopped by the restaurant to grab a quick bite. Food was okay. Typical pub food. I had a burger and I can't remember what she had. Main reason we stopped in was for the piano bar. It was awesome!!! Played our requests and recognized our anniversary. Definitely would go back. $21.50 for two drinks but hey you're in a tourist area. And you can get $3.00 back if you don't want to keep the souvenir cups. Have fun!!!I love this place because its been there soooo long. However, it is a tourist trap now and I only go there if I am with people who are new to the quarter.  All their "fancy" tropical drinks, ie their Hurricane and the like, are from premixed bottles. I don't see any mixology going on there. Their iconic hurricane is nothing more than hawaiian punch with rum...now served in a plastic cup.  You can have your hurricane glass if you want to buy one. I do believe they will buy it back from you though. If you want a real hurricane drink go down to Lafittes.  Just drink regular drinks and beer at Pat's and listen to the dueling pianos...now thats worth your time!!A vegetarian's dinner review: why the title? You'll know if you're a vegetarian, what a hard task it is to find hearty vegetarian food at the Creole food capital. 
We went with a group eager for their alligator and gumbo. Didn't want to be the party poopers and decided to bite the bullet and roll with whatever. Between my husband and I, we got the standard Caesar salad and customized the strawberry-pecan-blue-cheese salad to exclude the bacon. The plates come and we're in for such a pleasant surprise. The salads are huge, the ingredients are fresh, they've been artfully combined, and the cheese is generous, apart from two cups of sauce on the side. (If your eyebrows are raised over the cheese dose, you're better off telling them in advance) Most salads in New Orleans are a hasty afterthought, leaves messily thrown together. This place takes it seriously too. A happy aftertaste still lingers as I now recollect them to you. Mark of a good one!Another wonderful night at Pat O's in the courtyard with friends and family enjoying their amazing Hurricanes! So good, they are on the strong side but that's what makes them so good! The water fountain at night is just amazing!Excellent food, excellent value!  Don't miss the hurricane... or the opportunity to take home the glass. :)The salmon was wonderful and our waiter, James, was amazing. I'd come back for the fantastic customer service alone!!In my opinion, Pat O'Briens lived up to all of the hype. I will say the courtyard for drinking and the actual restaurant were confusing as there were no signs or help from the staff letting you know where to sit for what you were there for. In turn, we had to be re-seated. The food was good, but they could've had a larger selection. Maybe a few different sauces for their wings and other options other than seafood. I got the Rainbow drink. While it was good, it was extremely tart and had an overpowered citrus taste. Overall it was a good experience.Had a great time, drinks and food were both great and we were able to bring the kids. Not many places are kid friendly. We will be back.Pat O'Briens is world famous.  My buddy had been telling me leading up to our trip to dine here at night after some drinks.  We were trying to find a spot for my wife's 30th birthday dinner to eat at all week prior to leaving.  
We stopped here at about 7:30 pm, there were 14 of us.  We all met and had hurricanes in the bar area in the back.  We put our name on the list for 14 and were sat at the quoted time of about 45-60 minutes.  
Literally every single person at our table liked their meal, all 14 of us.  I had the crawfish estouffe (spelling error probably lol) man it was grubbin.  Possibly my favorite meal the whole trip.
Pat O'Briens has great food, and most wouldn't know that because of how famous they are for their hurricane's.  If you stop in here to have a drink, give their food a chance, you'll be pleased.The best service at the bar. Look for Steph and Donald. We loved the food and drinks. So easy to get to along Bourbon Street. We are from L.A. and highly recommend this restaurant.You can't go on Bourbon St in NOLA without going to Pat O'Brien's and ordering the famous Hurricane. While the bar was very crowded when we were there on a Thursday night, there was a waitress who found us a table and took our order very quickly. We really appreciated this waitress because standing in the line at the bar definitely would have taken a lot longer to get a drink. I also liked how they have a piano bar area that's cool inside, or we sat outside in the courtyard area right next to the water fountain with fire on top. The crowd was mixed between young college students all the way up to 60+ year olds. No matter your age, Pat O'Brien's is a good time. Once our hurricanes came out, the waitress explained that they were $12 each if you want to keep the souvenir glass, or you can return the souvenir glass and they will refund you $3. We decided to keep them. As far as the taste goes, a hurricane reminded me of a cherry/orange fruit punch but in a good way. All the sweetness covered the majority of the alcohol taste, but you definitely knew there was a lot of alcohol in it. Order 1, 2, or 3+ drinks and prepare to have a good night on Bourbon St.Just visited NOLA for the first time and this was the first restaurant we ate at. Had the gumbo for starters and it was delicious then had the red fish with jambalaya and grilled vegetables. Simply amazing food and service. Also had the hurricane to drink . Very good.If you go to New Orleans this is def a spot to check out.  They are known for Hurricanes, which are a bit over priced and extremely sugary.  The food was okay and didn't cost too much.  Not an amazing review, but still a must go.  Good spot for big groups.  They have a large courtyard, but also some pretty cool bars.My group went here on July 4th to kick off our vacation.  The service that we received was really good.  We ordered their signature drink "Hurricane" and it was pretty tasty.  The food was decent.Although I'm more of a local, Pat O's is usually a stop I'll make while in the quarter. The piano bar is a must. Fun and entertaining. They play your requests and add some humor along the way. Write your favorite song on a napkin, add a dollar or two, toss it on the piano and they find a way to play it. Classics, top 40, hip hop-they will do it. The Hurricanes are a buzz but they do have other great options for drinks.Had to stop at the landmark. My parents have hurricane glasses from Pat O'Brien's so I had to see for myself on my first visit to New Orleans. Holy schmoly those babies are strong! 
In order to soak up some of the hurricane we figured we would need some dinner! I had the Cajun Shepherd's Pie - filling, delicious and did the trick. 
Be aware that the large fire/fountain area is for drinks only. The smaller fire/fountain seating is for drinks and food service.Beautiful patio, incredible fountain. The drinks are spectacular. Classic spot to visit while in New Orleans. Seating can be a pain, but be patient and when you find a table, don't leave lol.We decided to have our informal wedding reception party here since it was a great package deal with all of this stuff included... DInner, passed Hors d'oeuvres, open bar- it sounded great and we were were really excited about having the cool balcony on Bourbon as well. The room was beautiful and the coordinators that assisted with the plan were way more than accomodating and even let us into the room early to decorate. Well here's where things went downhill...
The passed hors d'oeuvres that were supposed to be passed around such as the catfish, coconut shrimp, beef tornadoes, somehow NEVER made it to the bride and groom and a few other members of our family! I think we were offered a crab cake and that is all we got to eat besides some of the veggies and dip and the lemon shrimp pasta. The gumbo was so beyond spicy no one could touch it and it was awkwardly placed at the other end of the room away from all the other food. We are ALL familiar with seafood Gumbo in NOLA. I've had it in over 30 places so I know what it's like and this one was sloppy with the cayenne!! Several people mentioned how it was near inedible!
We were highly disappointed that we paid for the cost of our party and special day and as the couple of honor- we weren't even offered the passed Hors d-oeuvers. How on earth could the servers have missed us?! We were obviously the two people in the giant Ivory wedding gown and the Black tuxedo! The service for the bride and groom was very poor, cannot even express how uncatered too we felt after paying so much money for the service. It was only a 29 person party as well so there was NO way they could've missed us. 
If you plan to book a party here and you are the couple of honor, make sure they provide you service and you actually get to eat! I was tired and starving after a long day of nuptuals and photo taking.... and I didn't get a chance at much!Visit this courtyard!  Need a break from the hustle of Bourbon Street? Pat O'Brian's courtyard is peaceful, serene, has great drinks and the coolest fountain (water and fire).  
Tucked back just behind Bourbon, one can enjoy a great drink, have a conversation, and re-charge before heading back into the melee!John W was our waiter, so much fun and inviting.   The food is is great!   The jambalaya is a MUST TRY!   Sooo good!  Hurricane drinks will really get your buzzz on.This may well be a New Orleans favorite but the drinks they serve are LAME. I've had more alcohol in a glass of water. Don't waste your time!! Can I give them a zero rating?Our bartender Anthony was absolutely amazing! Had a fantastic smile and was there to make sure we had the best time. We had a group of five and he connected with us all and just made our experience fantastic! We even came back for him another day because he was so great! If you stop in here, ask for Anthony!I'd heard a lot about how delicious Pat O's was supposed to be, but our experience was just disappointing. The food was average, at best, but at it's price point it should have been much better. There were three of us in our party and none of us were impressed by the food. Getting a hurricane from the Pat O's bar is a must in NOLA, but you can skip the restaurant. You won't be missing out on anything.Wonderful place which ended up being one our favorite hangouts while in NOLA. Our first stop we were entertained by Aston (bartender). At first he was a little goofy but once we figured out the sense of humor we had a blast. That dude makes some fantastic drinks. 
Every time we were there, there was a fantastic woman named Yarischa (she was taking pictures) who talked to us and made us feel welcomed. She had a wonderful smile!Such good seafood, salads, drinks basically ALL! Wait wasn't too long and the Hurricane drinks helped during the wait. Amazing seafood bake and omg the CATFISH! Wish we had amazing seafood like this in San Diego and especially the prices! Will def be back on my next NOLA trip!Went in for lunch @ 2:40 PM on 12/16/16. Been there every year for the last 15 nostalgia but never again. Although it was not that busy we were seated at a dirty table. Server would ask what drinks to bring and we asked 3 times to clean the table. After third request he removed the overflowing ashtray but never mopped up the drenched, sticky table. Had two club-sodas and left. Mentioned to the manager on duty and he said "Sorry" but never even glanced at the still dirty table where they were seating already another party. Sad to see another landmark flushed!We popped in here for a late morning hurricane, or I did and convinced my wife to do the same. The bartender was fantastic and we could have drank for hours listening to his stories but we took them to go for a walk down bourbon. The drinks were great and quite strong. We definitely felt just one but I would never say no to another!Worst Hurricane I have ever tasted. There were many empty tables but a 30 minute wait to be seated. Not worth the trip. Iconic place? Wish I never went. We ended up leaving as soon as we got our drinks. After tasting them a few times we threw them away in the nearest trash can. What a waste of $28.OMG!! So yummy. I would totally recommend the alligator bites. They are so deliciously scrumptious!!! My mouth waters just talking about them. Hurricanes are so good!!So this is the 3rd time we've visited Pat O'Brien's on Bourbon Street. They are known for the Hurricane drink in a souvenir glass. We have eaten outside every time. We love the atmosphere!  The food is good..... and don't forget the pecan pie.I got the shrimp creole and it was to die for! Authentic Louisiana food, our server was so enthusiastic and funny. Had such and amazing time can't wait to visit againWe stopped here yesterday to get out of the heat and grab a bite. It was pretty packed, so that's typically a good sign. Every member of the staff that we encountered was excellent and super friendly. I got the blackened chicken which was spicey (for me) but amazing. The only reason I gave this a 4 was because the vegetable medley was lackluster. Not bad, just not great. But everything else was fantastic. Great location for people watching too.Friendly wait staff, very busy during mardi gras. Home of the original hurricane. Had etouffee,  alligator bites and gumbo. Hard to get thru the crowd to get a table but seated quickly.Nothing good can be found in the French Quarter, especially when it's a chain..Wrong! I actually came to try the world renowned hurricane, which turned out great. They let you keep the glass cup as a souvenir, but can refund you $4 if you decide not to keep it. We ended up keeping it and got a plastic to-go cup so I could continue getting my drank on, while strolling bourbon street. We kept that as a souvenir too!
I like to eat when I drink, so we opted to dine in the courtyard restaurant side on St. Peter's. I intended on getting just fries to snack on, but later decided to order something more substantial.
We ordered the Cajun shepherds pie and crawfish etouffee. I was expecting average drunk carb-filled pub food, but was blown away the food had a lot of flavor! I was especially impressed with the etouffee as it was packed with crawfish. I appreciate our server, John. He was on top of everything and took care of us during our visit. I'd love to come back when I'm visiting NOLA.Stopped by this place after a cemetery tour to rest our feet, grab an appetizer and order their famous Hurricane drink. When the waitress came, she was friendly and brought us some water. After taking our order, I went to use the ladies room and once I was in the stall, I noticed a small cockroach scurry by and I jumped! I HATE cockroaches! I hurried and left the stall and came back to the table feeling uneasy. We had ordered a small salad and some wings and they were already delivered when I returned. The salad looked dismal and upon looking at it, I noticed a small bug crawling on one the lettuce leafs and a lot of the lettuce was brown, not fresh at all. The wings were not very warm, dry and not tasty as I had hoped.  Would not go back except for drinks.Great atmosphere and outdoor dining. Crawfish etouffee was absolutely amazing and service was very good. I highly recommend Pat O'Brien's for dinner in New Orleans along with the Maison Bourbon for their Jazz down the street.Do not come here if you have allergies. We were seated quickly. We were served quickly. Our waiter couldn't speak a coherent sentence in response to any of our questions about the menu. I have severe allergies to peanuts, tree nuts, egg, and sesame seeds. Prior to ordering a cheeseburger, I asked for our waiter to verify that there was no chance of egg or sesame seeds in/on the bun. I was told "Naw naw naw" that there were not any sesame seeds or egg in the bun. When our food was delivered, there were sesame seeds covering my burger and the bun and we had to leave the restaurant. Very disappointing.The locals party here! The tourists party here! They have the BEST hurricanes in town! The staff are truly absolutely amazing people! The water fountain is on fire?!?!? Who dat! We dat! Believe dat! I guarantee you won't find a better place to sit down and kick back on a beautiful patio and socialize with your friends. Leave the cell phones on silent. You are about to have a blast. One of my greatest memories is coming here to drink or eat or both! I love you guys! Thanks for the memories!Awful! When you've been drinking hand grenades all night and you're totally drunk, you want a hurricane to top off the end of your night! Right? No? Just me? 
Well it was quite literally the worst drink I have ever tasted. My only Hurricane experience in NOLA and I was totally disappointed. 
It tasted of pure booze, but maybe that's the appeal? And I was already a tad drunk so you would think more liquor would go down a lot more smoothly. Nope. In fact, I was so blown away by how disgusting it was, I threw it out. Womp womp. Maybe the bartender we had was having a bad night. He did seem miserable. So it's possible he just didn't make it right. 
Who knows. All I know is that it was terrible. Unfortunately I don't know when we'll even be back to give the restaurant an actual try! It looked really nice in there! But since they're famous for their hurricanes we decided just to stop in for a drink. 
Don't do that! Just go there to eat and you'll probably have a better experience.We were in New Orleans for a bachelorette weekend and all of us girls wanted to visit a piano bar.  We had also just planned on eating here as well.  When we got to the hostess stand we were told that they could not accommodate a group of 10 or two groups of 5 and that the kitchen would be closing in 45 minutes and were basically just SOL.  They had no interest in trying to help us.  We were told that the bar was open seating and we could eat in there if there was space.  We made our way into the small bar area where there was a 4 top open so we huddled around that for a while.  About 10 minutes later two other tables opened up so we started to bus the tables ourselves so that we could all sit together.  All of a sudden the hostess comes swooping in with a whole bunch of attitude yelling at us that we can't sit there.  We apologized and asked if they were going to use the table for someone else and she told us no, but was pissed off that we didn't ask if we could sit there.  Lady, you just told us 15 minutes ago that the bar was open seating!!!  My friend had to talk down the lady and kiss her ass just so we could use the tables.  Horrible customer service.  Food was ok.  Hurricanes were pretty good I'll admit.  We eventually moved over to the piano bar which was entertaining but the area near our table smelled like vomit.  It just seems like the majority of people in New Orleans really don't like their job and don't belong in the hospitality industry.Although I'm more of a local, Pat O's is usual a stop I'll make while in the quarter. The piano bar is a must. Fun and entertaining. They play your requests and add some humor along the way. Write your favorite song on a napkin, add a dollar or two, toss it on the piano and they find a way to play it. Classics, top 40, hip hop-they will do it. The Hurricanes are a buzz but they do have other great options for drinks.The seating was very cool and exciting. We were seated by a really pretty fountain with flames in the center. It was pricey but the food was good. The atmosphere was very friendly and the service was exceptional.Just got to town and stumbled on Pat O'Briens which was a recommendation to us. Busy busy busy but plenty of room. The hurricanes do come in a glass, glass, that you get to keep or can return the bar for 3 bucks back. Stanley was our server he was very genuine and welcoming as we stood there not knowing what to do. Would be worth a stop.Omg DELISH!! First of all my server Sabrina luv luv her & Ashton the bartender awesome!! These 2 work well together very friendly down to earth and that hurricane oh my oh my!! Sabrina is a great server very attentive and Ashton a great bartender! Pat O'briens have 2 great employees!! I hope to see them when I came back in the fall!! The alligator nuggets DELISH MY 1st time trying alligator!!! I also had the shrimp and fried grits!! Oh baby jesus!! Is there any other way to eat grits??? Whole experience was great I wish I didn't have to go back home!!!!!! I love you NOLA until next time!!!Pat O'Brien's is known for it drinks but it also has a nice courtyard restaurant. It leads to the bar area. We had a nice table in the shade. We ordered the alligator bites to start. They were ok. There was more coating than alligator meat. We also tried the milk punch which was quite good. I had a specialty drink (can't remember the name) but had coconut and pineapple juice. Very light and good. We then had the shrimp remoulade salad which was very good. Nice to relax in the courtyard.This is definitely a tourist trap, but it has been around for ages and we actually got a table right away because we were ordering dinner, not just going in for the bar.  The prices were reasonable for the portion sizes, and although I'm not sure I'd agree the fried grits were "cheesey", they were more fun to eat then regular grits.  The prize, however, are the drinks.  Good sized portions, and you get to keep the glass unless you bring it back to the bar after paying (you are reimbursed $4 for the return).  However, considering the sound of smashing glass heard at another bar when a Pat O'Brien's bag fell from table to ground, if you keep the glass take it back to your hotel first.  Don't put breakable souvenirs in perilous positions!They make the best mint Julep ever! Staff was pleasant, food was good as well as the ambiance. I enjoy my visit every time.Aside from the fact that a COCKROACH FELL ON MY SHOULDER while I was outside at the bar, this place is home to the ever so famous original hurricane, a delicious swirl of sweet and who know what. I love the outdoor patio, and this is great for a starting place to a night out in NOLA. Pro tip : as fun (and disgusting) as Bourbon street is, don't forget to check out Frenchman Street.We were looking forward to dinner here.  We were a bit cold outside so asked the hostess if we could sit inside.  She told us we were welcome if we could find a table.  We did.  The waiter then 10 minutes later  tells us we were not seated properly and he would not serve us.  Despite explaining to him the circumstances, he was rude and unhelpful.  Would not suggest this place!Crawfish Etouffee  Delish. We came on a rainy afternoon so it wasn't very busy, server was very friendly and helpful. Cool layout. Definitely worth a trip if you're visiting New Orleans.Super touristy spot. And I mean total tourist trap. But with that said I do like stopping here when I'm in NOLA. The back patio is spacious and comfy and a great place to catch up with friends while having drinks. And let's not forget the souvenir hurricane glass that's a classic piece to have in any home bar.Great service, excellent food, and amazing atmosphere. Hostess and server were above and beyond kind and friendly which made the whole experience fun! Bloody Mary with picked green bean was very good. Food was perfectly timed, icy cold or piping hot, and so flavorful. We got a side salad with house made blue cheese, it was cold and crisp and delicious. Trio with jambalaya gumbo and red beans & rice, each one was amazing! I couldn't even pick a favorite. Gator bites and fried oysters were done perfectly! And bread pudding with whiskey sauce was unbelievable!!!I got the spinach artichoke dip pasta which was to die for! It was a game changer and they should put it on the menu permanently instead of a daily special. 
I knocked off a star because I hated the muffaletta. I get mine at an Italian market in my hometown and it's completely different (served cold, use provolone not swiss, use good olive oil instead of olives). I may not be used to this one, but I couldn't even eat it.A must stop when in NOLA on bourbon street! First, get the hurricane to drink. Real strong (4 shots worth) but when on bourbon street you gotta do it big! The courtyard seating is beautiful, and wait staff are all friendly and fun. Our group was showered with some fun pat o's beads and hats!
Alligator bites: basically like chicken tenders. Good sauce to dip them in too! A great Cajun appetizer.
Seafood étouffée: a great taste of creole. Crawfish already peeled and drenched in a gumbo type sauce with rice. This was a good recommended dish by the waiter.
Crab cakes: spicy and delicious! Very Cajun, but my friends don't usually like spicy food and couldn't handle it- so beware. Otherwise, one of the best crab cakes I've had.
Such a fun atmosphere, and I definitely want to come back for a mint julep sometime!We had the BEST bartender while we were there and the atmosphere was a refreshing change from the rest of Bourbon Street.  The courtyard is beautiful at night and the drinks were also great.  The Hurricane is everyones most recommended drink it seems and we had to check it out.  Would definitely visit again!As most of us who visit here, I was here for the Hurricanes. At Mardi Gras. So this was a must stop for us on Bourbon Street.
We came on Superbowl Sunday (so doubly crowded) but were still able to grab seats. You order your Hurricane (they have food too but that's what we were here for) and find a seat. We had no problem with that. The hurricane comes out in a very large glass that you can keep or get $6 back if you don't want the glass.
Those drinks are strong so be careful. On my second visit, my friend and I split one which made it a lot better.
Bathrooms are pretty clean and they have a little shop inside.
Definitely a visit at least once.The outdoor seating is super cool and the hurricane was delicious. 
Jambalaya and gumbo here were def my favorite foods in NOLA.  The crawfish was good too.Didn't eat, came only for the famous hurricanes! The courtyard was nice with a big fountain in the middle with colored lights in it. Quite the scene! The hurricane was sweet but delicious and refreshing! Just don't forget to return your glass after you're done drinking to get your "deposit" back.Absolutely loved the ambiance. Such a great layout, indoor and out. It really works. It's a great place to hang out with friends and have fun. The drinks are so-so. The bartenders are HORRIBLE. Every single one (about 5) was incredibly rude and short with us. They acted like us being there was an inconvenience to them. One actually had the nerve to argue with us and try refusing to replace an untouched drink, because she misheard the order. Several people witnessed the fact that it was ordered correctly. The man at the door demanded a tip for boxing our souvenir glass on the way out. Disappointing that such a great place could be negatively affected by bad service.I don't know if it's a smart idea to have more than one Hurricane- these drinks are potent! But they sure are good. You are charged a $3 glass fee, which is kind of weird, but it's refundable at the end of your meal. Maybe there's a major theft or breakage issue- not sure. This was the only thing I didn't like here. 
The servers are friendly and easy to spot in green Blazers, which I'm  guessing is a tradition. The food was great- we shared alligator bites and the Cajun shepherds pie. Delicious! This place certainly gets busy, so pack your patience, but it's one of those places you really should go to when in New Orleans.