So, originally, we had dinner reservations for five for Dec 27th, but a) something else came up for that night, and b) our girls went off with our friend's boys to the Spurs v. Pelicans NBA game which let us parental-types enjoy a dinner "sans les enfants" -- and thus, a quick call to Patois, and we were able to shift our meal to this evening at 9:00. Good omen, number one.
Good omen, number two: I didn't have to tell the cabbie how to get there! (Seriously, I have had to do this on several previous occasions.)
Good omen, number three: Chef Aaron Burgau came walking to of the kitchen while we were at the bar (the cab driver was faster than I had anticipated), and said, "What are you guys doing here?" Hugs and holiday wishes all around, while we caught up on the goings-on of families, business, and Life. Then Leon Touzet appeared from the back, and more greetings all 'round. Dinner was superb! It always feels like family here, and not just because Lynn and I have come to know Aaron (and Leon) a bit over the years. Everyone on the staff is always warm, welcoming and accommodating -- and the food is as delicious as always!
The Mississippi Rabbit stuffed with boudin is always amazing. The short ribs were "killer," and the NY Strip was perfectly delicious . . . and the Sandhi 2012 Pinot Noir from the Santa Rita Hills of California was a perfect compliment to all three entrées.
As annual visitors from California, we are faced with a "difficult" dilemma when it comes to dining choices. We love trying new places, but we also love our "favorites." That oddly makes our meal options more complicated than were we first-time visitors or residents of our favorite city to visit. But one place we never miss is Patois . . .Do yourself a favor and book a table here.  It's a cool little restaurant with exceptional food and service. Their home made pastries and biscuits are some of the best we had.  And their Bloody Mary - wow!!  The restaurant is a way away from the French quarter where we were staying - about 30 minutes on the bus. Walking up to Patois, my wife said "this place better be good.  It took forever to get here!"  One bite of food, one sip of the bloody mary and we were sold. You will be too.Yet another update . . . 
Patois is as wonderful as ever, and Aaron Burgau remains as generous, kind, and warm-hearted a person as his food is delicious and satisfying.  Thank heavens I don't live in New Orleans -- let alone in the neighborhood!  I might never leave . . .
The food is truly wonderful; the service attentive without begin smothering; and the atmosphere is casual and relaxed -- if "comfort food" evokes a certain warm feeling in your heart, translate that feeling to the atmosphere:  I walk in and it feels like home, even though I've only eaten here five times in my life.
Truly, Patois IS "as good as it gets."
(Now, if only I didn't have to pull out my iPhone and tell the cab drivers how to get there . . . )Loved my shrimp and grits! Savory and creamy with the seafood cooked to perfection. The food is very fresh. Reservations recommended.Made a same-day reservation on the advice of a friend, and she did not disappoint. Creative, flavorful dishes and a super friendly, inviting staff. Highly recommend if you are visiting NOLA.We had brunch here during our latest visit and it did not disappoint. Our party shared several appetizers (lamb ribs and fried green tomatoes were my favorites). The shrimp and grits were incredibly fresh and the had a perfect texture. The brunch isn't too pricey but has been outstanding every time I've visited New Orleans. It will be one of our first reservations during our next trip.Excellent restaurant, which we only used for brunch today. Pleasant, attentive waitstaff, diverse menu choices, all of which were judged superb by our table of 4--rabbit with poached egg on a biscuit, pulled pork with 2 poached eggs and hollandaise on wonderful biscuits, shrimp and grits, rabbit and sausage gumbo. We would have loved to dine here for an evening meal, but that will have to come later.This restaurant was great! The waitress I had was very nice and articulate. I got the potato gnocchi which was good, but I preferred the osso buco, which my dad ordered, it was so delicious! My brother says this is one of the best restaurants in New Orleans.Four of us ate here for brunch on Sunday.  This was my first time at Patois so I have no dinner to compare it to, but this brunch was amazing.  I must say that I almost agree with the waitress - that in her opinion they have one of the best brunches in the city.  I've had some great brunches, and this one ranks right up there with the greats.  First of all, the bread brought to the table is an assortment of muffins - freshly baked out of their oven.  One should also get the Bloody Mary.  Now I can say this was the best Bloody Mary I've ever had.  The ingredients tasted so fresh (they pickle their own vegetables/garnishes) and the "mix" wasn't even mix - it was homemade and tasted so great.  My husband and I split the shrimp salad - perfect for summer - huge shrimp, sauce and cantaloupe (I know, right?!). I had the special brunch entree - it was pork belly with eggs over easy on pinto beans and some grit-cake thing (there's a name for it that I can't quite remember).  This entree was AWESOME.  Cooked to perfection.  My husband had the pulled pork biscuits - his was wonderful too. Another person we were with had the shrimp and grits (wonderful as well), and another had the basic breakfast - which also looked amazing.  I can't wait to come back here for dinner - and if they're Bloody Mary is any indication of the overall quality of the drinks, I'll need a taxi home.Patois, you intimate, elusive minx. So small and so hard to get into. Thank god for the wonderful host and hostesses who are so great about calling back when there's an opening! All of the servers are wonderful and knowledgeable. Sometimes, servers can be totally too cool for school, but never at Patois. 
I've always loved Patois. It's upscale but very relaxed. No pretentious a-holes, no stuffy air. And they serve brioche, so that's all that matters. 
The gnocchi is always fabulous. It's a heavy dish, but I love it. The mussels are a MUST. It's a very spicy, saffron-y, almost barbecue-y broth, but it's SO GOOD (and I'm a traditionalist here). The shrimp appetizer with the pimento cheese grit fries are amazing. Fried blocks of pimento cheese grits. How could it not be? My one complaint is that they leave the heads of. I just really dislike this for some reason. Yes, I get it, more flavor, but I just hate it.
I had the almond crusted fish of the day, which was a flounder filet. My favorite part of this dish was the perfectly cooked uncooked green beans it was served with. I don't know how to make this sound not bad. They were cooked slightly, and the crispiness was SO GOOD. I really don't know how to make it sound good. But it works perfectly with the soft fish. I didn't know uncooked green beans could be so perfect.Went for drinks. Nice bar with a very attentive and competent bartender. My issue is the rest of the staff. I tend to observe alot and I was taken back by the aloof, disinterested, rolling of the eyes when they thought no one was watching attitude of most of the staff from the door hostess to waiters and even kitchen staff that came busting out into the restaurant several times during the hour plus we were there.
Back to the bartender.....friendly, informative, and attentive. Made a great hot toddy for my wife....the bartender won the 3 stars for the place.I may be writing this from heaven. Because after my meal here, I'm pretty sure I died and went there.  I would literally give my first-born for a restaurant of this atmosphere and quality in Washington, DC.  We simply don't have anything that quite compares.  
This is another New Orleans neighborhood gem, just a few blocks from one of my all-time favorites, Clancy's.  The restaurant occupies a corner spot with simple, yet elegant, decor and large windows along the front.  Service was attentive, with a lot of helpful suggestions, and great energy.  
My meal started with a champagne cocktail, that wasn't overwhelmingly sweet and complemented the intrinsic lightness of champagne without dipping into the treacly.  I began with the potato gnocchi with jumbo lump crab, chanterelle mushrooms, & parmigiano-reggiano.  This absolutely transported me.  The sauce was rich without being heavy and the gnocchi melted in my mouth.  I could not stop raving about it to my dining companion.  
I then went with the seared scallops for my entree.  This was prepared  with green onion and ginger jasmine rice, baby bok choy, and a black garlic butter sauce.  Sigh.  My mouth is watering again as I type this.  
There was dessert, too.  But, honestly, at that point, after the meal of that quality, it was almost an afterthought.  There was ice cream.  A doberge, I think.  Don't fault me for my lack of description, I was having an out-of-body experience by that time.Was taken here for my graduation and our waiter could not have been nicer. A soup and and an entree were really filling and lavender cookies for a treat. Wow! Just a wonderful time. I went on a weekday but I'm told it's crazy on the weekends.Went in May, 2011  to Patois for dinner.  After having a big lunch decided to only try the appetizers and drinks.  
Patois has excellent service, water was filled quickly throughout the meal.
Tried the Charcuterie plate, pork belly & scallop, terrine, moules, cheese plate, and lamb ribs.  All were very good, but the hogshead cheese on the Charcuterie plate was amazing.  It melted in your mouth and had a lot of flavor.  Definitely recommend it.
Cheese plate came with rye bread which was odd.
The atmosphere was great.  Cute little off the beaten path restaurant.  
Cocktails were excellent!
Would definitely love to go back and have a full meal.I very much appreciate these kind of restaurants: smallish places with local character, serving creative locally inspired food. staff was very friendly and attentive (almost too attentive, i felt like i couldn't take a sip of water without someone wanting to top it off ;-)
went for brunch. the bread basket was nice, with a sweet sort of muffin thing that i loved. started with appetizer of Mussels and Fries, which were delish. Smokey tomato broth and saffron aioli were both amazing. i was fine with the mussels themselves, but my companion had one that "taste like cow'stuff' smells" - but otherwise i think she enjoyed it.
i had the pulled pork on poached eggs, and i liked it. not blown away though. i felt like the pork itself lacked flavor or pizzaz. but overall it was a nice dish. my friend had the omelet of the day which was very simple and nicely done.
we shared the olive oil cake and coffee, and both were very very nice, and i'm both a dessert and coffee snob.
it was slightly pricey, at $110 excluding tip for two people. i suppose the 4 mimosas had something to do with that ;-) but still!Pour some sugar on me cause it smells like teen spirit.
A fantastic brunch (delicious biscuits with the pulled pork) with a unique bloody mary was slightly marred by the soundtrack provided. Metallica and Bon Jovi both played twice, joined by the likes of AC/DC, Nirvana/ and everybody's favorite strip club song. What gives? This establishment has a classy feel (at least visually) and the food was really really good. I know jazz/Zydeco/easy listening are somewhat cliche choices for background but it's background, not supposed to dominate the conversation.
The food was very good, and reasonably priced in my opinion for the quality and location. The drinks were expensive, $11-12 for a cocktail outside of an antique bar in the French Quarter is really pushing it, especially for brunch.
All in all, a solid dining experience and the wait staff did a great job as well. Hope they turn the tunes down though.Patois is an amazing place. Its not that the food is crazy fancy or anything like that. Its just that this place does their food well, its simple and done just right. The wine selection is good and the scallops are to die for. Although I have to admit, the duck was done very well. I'm used to having really dry duck, but this place keeps it succulent. I would definitely recommend and revisit this place.Damn, the food here is delicious. It's not cheap, but it sure is good!
I've been twice now and haven't had anything that wasn't excellent. On my most recent visit, I started with the seafood gumbo. The roux was dark and rich and the small cup was loaded up with oysters, shrimp, and crawfish.
For my entree, I had the wild boar. Pretty sure this was the first time I ever ate wild board (WILD BOAR!). It rocked. And it came with the best piece of cornbread that I've ever had in my life. So moist, so fluffy. 
We shared a few desserts, including the "Snickers," which was peanut-y, chocolate-y, and rich. The lemon tart was also damn good.
Be prepared to drop some coin, but it's worth it.When I visited NOLA a few years ago, I went to Patois and it became one of my favorite restaurants ever. I was excited to go back this week, however I left very disappointed. It was by far the most expensive meal of our trip and exceedingly mediocre. 
I got the salad special as my appetizer and the egg on top was badly and obviously overcooked. The rest of the salad was pretty bleh as well. I got the fish and it was ok, but nothing to write home about and kind of on the salty side. My friends said the gnocchi was amazing, but the rest of their meals were similarly just ok. The service was similarly sub par. The waitress really couldn't care less and just sort of went through the motions. 
The following night we went to Shaya and had an amazing meal for half the price. This restaurant used to be great, but is clearly just riding the wave of its former success and overcharging for mediocre food in the process.Had a fantastic brunch with starters and entrees that we're difficult to choose between. The service and atmosphere are good and the prices very reasonable.
The breakfast burrito is Texas sized, you have been warned.
Enjoy!This was the best meal of our entire trip. Excellent service. Incredible food. There was nothing negative to say about it. I had the rabbit, which was meaty and filling. We started with tamales, a bit deconstructed and super moist. Also had some gumbo. I don't even remember what hubby got, but we ate every.dang.thing and my jeans split later ;)I cant say enough good things about Patois.  This was my second visit, and my expectations from the first visit were very high.  I felt like it would let me down this second time, not meet my sky high expectations, but it delivered in every way.
I ordered the Sweetbreads, and Moules Frites for the table.  The sweetbreads have a taste that just blows the mind - how they get such intense flavors into that dish I do not know.  The 2nd was a beet salad, which delivered, and the main, Duck, was prepared perfectly and had such beautiful flavors in the meat, the sweet sauce, the corn mash it all sat on.  We asked for a red recommendation from the Sommelier and she gave us a French Red that went down like liquid gold.  The expressions of joy on my colleagues faces as we experienced these tastes was wonderful.
To me this is a restaurant that doesnt try too hard - it is just a simple, perfect expression of fine food in a suburb of Nola.  I leave feeling like every penny was well spent, and the food doesnt sit heavy in my stomach, but light and perfect in every way.  I will count the days until I can experience this place to spent time with colleagues and friends again, and it will always be on my itinerary for this wonderful city.
Go - just go.The food was for the most part delicious, a bit pricey. Our octopus was over cooked but the gnocchi were amazing like all the rest. 
Very friendly staff. Beautiful decoration.
A must try in NOLA.The food was spectacular, and the flounder in particular was amazing.
  So why the two stars?  
1 star for the flounder
1 more star for the lavender and truffle yum yum 
minus 1 for the non-welcome
minus  1 for the bad seat next to the stairs
minus one for the butt-crack hostess and hot and sweaty chef????/cook boozing it up at the bar.
I don't pay $160.00 a meal for a pub experience.Went with a group of friends to this restaurant for lunch. The atmosphere is great, the space used for seating was well planned out (there is no bad seat) and the designer did a great job with making it a creative space. All the staff is friendly and as a customer you will be greeted often and asked by different servers how you are enjoying your food. While there are so many positives, there are a few negatives. My friend who ordered a burger was not asked how she liked it cooked. It came out over cooked and dry. The servers were not knowledgable of ingredients concerning food allergies. Lastly, service was very slow. We were there for about three hours where most of the wait was to get a server for ordering and waiting for food to come out. Overall, if you don't mind the wait, being specific with your order, and being careful and patient to learn some of the ingredients, it can be a good experience.  I suggest you try this place at least once, but in my humble opinion for the price there are better options.Let me start by saying that Patois is serving some of the best food in New Orleans; so why only three stars from your usually gushing reviewer? Two things:
      While Patois is easily one of my favorite spots for an haute brunch (more on that later), dinner has been disappointing on both pricing and ambience. If the prices were 20% lower, I'd be giving a four going on five star review; but the rusticity of the food, the casualness and almost incomplete nature of the space and decor along with the ear jarring noise level undermine the excellent work of the kitchen.Additionally, I'd rather get smaller portions for lower prices (my hearty eating girlfriend barely ate half of her delicious entree)...I know there are many "heavy forks" out there, but fine dining need not be their refuge-there are more humble environs that specialize in providing bulk quantities of tasty food in this town and I'd rather not be grossed out by the kitchen's profligacy at a nicer restaurant.
      Back to what Patois does so well: brunch is especially good because the simple space is exalted by the copious natural light pouring in the many large plate glass windows (sans any treatment). Also, my gal deems their grits a heavenly bequest from the gods of grinding cornmeal...they are truly amazing! I love the gnocchi starter, with jumbo lump crab, chanterelle mushrooms & parmigiano-reggiano. I also love the almond crusted gulf fish...simple, fresh, and always delightful.Finally, the brunch menu is more wide ranging than most and can easily satisfy a diverse table without your burger lover sulking or your oysterphile pouting.
       I will continue to brunch at Patois, but future dinner visits are unlikely-for the same price, I can have perfection at Gautreau's and still hear the next day.The wait staff was attentive and helpful in selecting a wine  (I don't know french wine well).  Our food was delicious; everything we ate was tender and very tasteful.  We did not try dessert, but I imagine it's delicious as well.  I've been here once before for brunch and it was also a great experience.
Notables: Crispy Duck Confit Salad, Mississippi RabbitVery solid good food!  Lots of neighborhood color and fun cocktails.  Food was good, the place is just a little crowded, tight seating and  a small bar so don't get there too early.Patois is in an elegant corner storefront building tucked into a residential neighborhood.  The décor is vintage white with wood floors and high ceilings.  Our weeknight group ordered multiple appetizers in place of entrées.  The staff had a bit of a problem with timing.  Some people received food quickly while others waited with nothing in front of them. The bread basket emptied and no more was offered.  That was really the only issue and it didn't detract from a memorable evening.  The fresh tomato salad was a nice seasonal offering although the tomatoes lacked the burst of vine-ripened flavor I wanted. The lamb ribs had a slightly sweet smoky tang. The flavor was great but the meat was slightly tough and difficult to remove from the bone. The green tomato relish was delicious. I tried the yellow squash, vidalia and basil soup which also was very good.  Of the several desserts we tried the bread pudding was my personal favorite--sweet and not overly doughy, with large fresh berries and ice cream.Sensational!!!! Rich, authentic fllavors in everything we had.  Mussels and fries about the best I've ever had. Duck confit salad perfectly done.  All the fish preparations marvelously cooked, never dry.
Great staff, really causual but profession, and a top notch, inventive wine list. On my top 3 in NEw Orleans! Don't miss itSpent the evening with Dustin, and were pleasantly impressed with the service.  There are some real gems on the wine list and even a modest wine BTG menu.  Patois was recommended by a friend who had been a few weeks earlier while a business trip to NO.  We had 5 appetizers 2-Superb Stuffed Squash blossoms (vegetarian and out of this world) and  Hot-House Tomato salad with hearts of palm, apples, and Manchengo; 2 great, Softshell crab and Braised Pork Belly and an average, Gumbo.  Great presentation and composition of flavors.  Staff accommodating and attentive.I had the fish special which was perfectly prepared. Great cozy atmosphere and service. I'll be back to this place.
I think I liked it more than Clancy's.Yummy. Moules Frites is awesome and it's done a pretty fascinating way which was a great surprise for me to find out... smoked tomatoes! Yes you must order this dish for a very different version of the french tradition. Great cocktail list - I had a gin sort of pimm's cup and it was quite tasty. I wish I lived around the corner from this place! Also...pretty hopping for a neighborhood joint! The two brothers that own the place are carrying on their father's tradition in restaurants - and they are hot looking eye candy during dinner if you ask me!Marvelous dinner! Very unique blend of local styles with a French flare. For the appetizer we had the pork belly and scallop accompanied with shrimp and grits. Winner Scallops! For our entrees we had the pheasant and the grilled fish, edge to the pheasant but we were drinking a Pinot which I think gave it to the bird over the fish! Skipped dessert till later. Staff was welcoming and fun. *Note Patoise was the setting for Janette Desautel (Kim Dickens)restaurant Desautel's in Season 1 of Treme.Holly Molly, this place is excellent! The Cuban breakfast sandwich is a must! Cheese in the inside and outside, and yummy meats. The veggie breakfast burrito was also great. Yummy coffee. Yummy juice.
The gumbo, though, was just ok.We are visiting from Chicago and found this as a recommendation in the Lonely Planet guide. The service was awesome even though we arrived near kitchen close (woops) we were never rushed. We ordered the charcuterie plate and the lamb ribs topped with green tomatoes to start which were both incredible. We then had the fried oyster salad with charred romain and caesar dressing which was unreal and very unique. We also tried the seasonal gumbo with polenta which was pretty good, but the oyster salad was definitely the favorite.My favorite place in New Orleans, and one of the best restaurants I've had the pleasure of dining in overall.  Great service, fabulous duck confit, rabbit, drinks, atmosphere and so forth.  Three of us closed the place, and were treated to a list of hotspots from the chef/owners, one of whom stopped us on the street four days later to check in.  Patois made the trip...
Thank you!We had a first at this restaurant, but it wasn't a good first.  After a relatively nice meal and good wine and ok service, we were told we needed to leave because there were other people waiting for the table.  I can see rushing people out when it's a diner, but when you're spending $200+ on a meal,  I think you can have a second cup of coffee while waiting for the bill.  It kind of ruined the experience.  We got to the restaurant promptly for our reservation, but had to wait for our wine.  The roasted beet salad was delicious, the gnocchi somewhat overrated, the fish of the day bland, and the bread pudding and snickers dessert not worth the calories, but the coffee was good and the ambience of the restaurant fun and upbeat.Excpetional dishes artistically presented.  Sauces are less creamy and lighter, as is typical of most Updown restaurants.  Some dishes are creative, especially the use of fruits.  Both meat and seafood dishes prepared to perfection.The atmosphere is a bistro, on the casual side of dressy, with a mainly local clientele.  Staff is welcoming, attentive, and knowledgeable without being fussy or hovering.  This is our go-to place for out-of-town guests.  Off the beaten tourist path, but walking distance to the zoo and river parks.  This should be at the top of your list if visiting Loyola or Tulane Universities and are looking for a nearby place for cocktails and dinner.This place is outstanding! From the bread bowl to the well crafted cocktails. My friends and I came here for a nice Sunday brunch. I started with the Black & Ginger cocktail which is cathead vodka perfectly muddled and blended with ginger beer and blueberries. It was excellent. My sister had the Vieux Carre, which was a little strong for my liking, but still good.
The banana nut bread could have been a little more flavorful but it is served with an excellent fruit topping.
I had the classic breakfast with over easy eggs, bacon, grits, and wheat toast. It was great, the bacon was the perfect crisp. The eggs where a little greasy, however.
A friend had the Chicken Mole, although small, tasted great. My sister had the Shrimp Salad, which was also small but looked yummy. She ordered the Bacon Grased Greens as a side, they were excellent.
The service is great here. There are numerous people taking care of all tables at once. It's quick and efficient. Your water is always full.
I used to live in Nola and had never tried this place before (why?!). I would highly recommend Patois for anyone looking for a very pleasant brunch spot! It's quaint and clean and the food and service are unloveable.I used to LOVE this place. went last night for my birthday and was SO disappointed. service and atmosphere has changed drastically, and quality of food had even gone down a bit. When your server doesn't do the basics of introducing themselves, offering wine or cocktail lists, or refilling your wine when you purchase a bottle, you just find yourself being less impressed with the overall experience. The menu offerings were also a little underwhelming compared to previous visits. Sad to say this place used to be my favorite but I won't be returning.Place came highly recommended, but the food was below average. Gumbo was pretty bad. Service and atmosphere was great, but the food, I don't know. Maybe it was an off night...New Orleans has a lot of big name restaurants but some of the great dining experiences are to be found at smaller establishments in the neighborhoods. This is one of them.
We started off with charred octopus and a charcuterie plate. The octopus was tender and tasty served on a bed of quiona. The charcuterie had a tasty head cheese, rillettes and a boudin. Home made and delicious.
For an entree I had the ham crusted scallops. Not bad but not out of the ordinary.
Service was great , a casual atmosphere. I'd recommend it.Just recently got back from Nola. We dined at patois on our second night there. I heard a lot of great reviews but unfortunately it didn't meet my expectations. My friend and I both got the fish which was dry and somewhat flavorless. The best dish on the menu was the flat iron steak. The restaurant it's self is small and very cute. The waiters weren't  very friendly either.Loved it. It's a small space, but cute and cozy. Went with a few friends before attending a friend's debutante presentation. 
Started with the crispy pork belly and the seared scallop and had the almond crusted gulf fish as my entrée. I was surprised as to how big the portions were. I even had left overs! Service was great. Our waitress was very friendly and warm.I live in the neighborhood, and have been here a number of times, usually for brunch.  I find the service generally lacking, and sometimes downright bad/nonexistant after ordering.
If I'm spending above average money for albeit generally good food, I don't want it ruined by bad service.  In the past, I have had them fail to place an appetizer order and have issues in general with my order (i.e., not cooking food properly--burger came out medium well two times in a row when medium rare was requested) not to mention the waiter pretty much abandoning the table aside from taking my order and bringing my food, or worse, being snarky and a bit pretentious.
Today was no exception, and was the final straw.  I ordered the rabbit dish (fried rabbit over biscuit with a poached egg and sausage gravy).  I specifically requested that the egg be "hard-poached, not at all runny."  Of course, it came out runny, and the server immediately offered to take care of it.  I told her she could just bring me a new egg and I'd eat the rest of my meal, as it appeared fine.  She insisted on bringing me a fresh order, so I relented.  In the literally 15 minutes (minimum) it took to get a new order, my husband  finished his meal, I ate his leftovers, and we still had time to wait fro my food.
The dish came back, the same rabbit on it (I had taken one bite while waiting for the waitress to stop back by with my husband's refill so I could tell her it was wrong, as I was planning to eat it while waiting for a new egg on the side), and the egg was properly cooked, but she told me it took so long because it took 3 tries to get the egg cooked properly!  
I'm sorry, but if you're going to be cook/chef at a nice restaurant serving brunch, you'd be able to poach an egg any which way, and I can't imagine mine was the first request of this kind.  .
There was no attempt to "make it up" to me, nothing else was said or done about it, and nothing else was offered, quite disappointing.  Add to this that our waiter LITERALLY never returned after taking our order (the person who brought our food followed up until the end), and I have eaten my last meal here.  It's just not worth my time and money for hit or miss service, and a lack of attention to detail when it comes to my food.
Also, I forgot, my husband's soup was warm at best.  Luckily he hates his food piping hot, but said had he been most people, he would have been disappointed.  For him to even mention it, I'm guessing it was lukewarm, and not just a little less than hot.  It's soup people, it comes out of a hot pot.  So clearly, the server let it sit for a while before bothering to bring it out.  That would not be a reason to get up in arms by itself, but it's just another example.
 Guess I'll have to find a new brunch place, because it certainly will not be Patois for me again.Wow. I've driven past Patois a million times and dismissed it as every other standard fancy restaurant in NOLA, but boy was I wrong. Inside, the restaurant is quite intimate, with a beautiful bar and not too many tables separated onto two floors. Warm cornbread is served at the table and a real treat. The soup special, a vegan butternut squash, was perfect. But the dish that knocked me off my feet was the Grilled Marinated Eggplant with crispy haloumi cheese and za'atar on a tahini sweet potato purée. Holy cow this dish was good!! I recently came back from Israel and one taste instantly took me back to the smoky flavors of the Middle East. This dish is truly a game changer and I hope it never comes off the menu. It is not often that NOLA restaurants have such a wonderful and unique vegetarian option. The other diners in my party had the gulf fish almondine, and licked their plates. Although we were stuffed, we had to make room for the "Snickers" a chocolate-y concoction that elevates the tastes of a Snickers bar. I will be back!There may be much to be said about nawlins', but that certainly includes being one of the best "foodie" spots in the country. I've enjoy several great meals there, and Patois was no exception. Excellent food, and great service. The noise level from guest was on the high side for a moderately expensive restaurant, but the food was outstanding. I would love to eat there again, and again, and again!We had; Gnocci, Charcuterie, lamb ribs, frog legs and chanterelle pasta.
Dessert was lemon curd and pound cake with berries.
Gnocci were soft and light, in a delicious mushroom and short rib sauce.
Charcuterie plate was spot on, head cheese, rillette and boudin. Served with house made pickles. 
Lamb ribs could be better. I believe they just rub them and bake them. They had good bark, but the meat had gotten quite dry and stringy. I recommend steaming the ribs the day ahead, chilling, rubbing, then cooking off the bark to order.
Frog legs were in a delicious Vietnamese broth. I don't know what the flavors were, but it was delicious.
Chanterlle pasta was a hit as well. Hand made pasta and mushroom creme sauce, how can you go wrong.
Lemon curd tart was great, nice tart filling.
Pound cake with berries and ice cream is an easy win.
Waitress was good. Water glass did run empty a few times though.
I'll be backThis place is utterly amazing. Definitely worth the drive out of the quarter for a unique brunch experience. Sat at the bar and had a sexy bartender. Heather is also amazing. Duck Confiet is out of this world.This was one of my best meals in NOLA. Wile I would skip the lamb ribs, you cannot pass up the pulled pork and biscuits with the BEST collard greens I think I've ever had. I will dream of those green forever! It's a must go to in NOLAGREAT, funky Uptown residential spot.
Founded 2007. French Bistro.   Open Weds-Sat. 5:30-10:30pm.  Brunch Sundays.  Good brunch - liked the rabbit.  Gridades and grits also good.  Great rolls, coffee.  Mussells and fries (!) appetitizer was great and HUGE.  Nice ambiance, patio. Been several times.Exceptional restaurant. Triple tail was the special that was beyond delicious. Great service and wine list. Will return.This Patois isn't Common at All
Patois means the dialect of the common people of a region.  There is nothing common about this Patois.
Here they've taken some regional favorites from all over, given them a continental refinement and spiced them with a New Orleans edge.  The result is delicious.
We tried a couple of the house cocktails.  Especially good was the Juliet y Romeo.  The wine list is thorough and changing.  So it is nice that they will give you a taste before committing.
For an appetizer we had the sizzling octopus.  We usually get octopus grilled, but this wonderful, served in a crazy-hot iron skillet with lots of tomatoes and peppers.
For a salad we had the crispy duck confit.  The pickled peach vinaigrette dressing was fabulous and the duck leg was crispy so that the fatty parts were gone.
For a soup we had the gumbo.  It was super-rich and very tasty.  While it was very good, it didn't quite reach the heights of the other dishes.
For entrees we had the gulf shrimp on chitarra pasta and the pork shop.  Both were outstanding.
Dessert brought lots of fine choices and we ended up with the "Snickers" and the peanut butter cup.  Both were delicious takes on everyday candies.
The service was friendly and charming and comfortably professional.
I would love this Patois to be my every day diet.  But then I couldn't look forward to a special meal like this.This is probably more of a 3.5 review.  The service was warm and friendly and the atmosphere is cosy and comfortable, if loud.  But the food was totally uneven.  Some of the dishes were amazing but my shrimp and crab pasta was dry and just kind of sad looking.  My husband's crab dip appetizer was also sort of bland and tasteless and our cocktails were unbalanced and hard to drink.  Two of the fish entrees also had to be sent back because they came out cold and raw in the middle.  I really wanted to love this place but for the price, I expect a lot more consistency in the food.I have only been here for brunch, never dinner, but I can't wait to come again. Brunch at Patois is an exercise in whatever is the opposite of restraint. Two of us ordered one started to share and one entree each. All that was preceded by strong, thick coffee and a bowl of so many different delicious muffins and breads that we had to split and taste every single one. We were hardly hungry by then, but the appetizer of what was essentially fried yuca poutine was too good to resist and we finished it off. Our entrees were a fried chicken biscuit and huevos rancheros, each of which we managed to take about two bites of before we packed them up to take home. The only thing I can say is that next time I'll know to order less, which only means it's a surprisingly good value to boot.Got reservations last Saturday and had another great meal..in the top 10 in my long life.  Food, staff and service are the best.  Food is flavorful, fun and portions are huge...something you don't expect at a restaurant of this level.  Better than the well know places uptown or in the quarter.  Hands down a must eat placeWe went out for a special occasion. We were able to be seated prior to our reservation time without hesitation. The explanation of the appetizers and options was detailed and accurate. The service was as expected observant and attentive.
Service between the appetizers and entrées was perfect and not rushed. When it came time for Desert the description and the fact that they were made in house made them even more enjoyable.
The overall atmosphere was inviting and energetic but not overwhelming.
Both the appetizers and entrées were as described and seasoned perfectly.
Very high recommendation.This restaurant is literally across the street from my house, and so I've been there a few times. The people that run it are super nice, and all of the staff are friendly and very knowledgeable. 
The atmosphere is cozy but with a good energetic vibe that's not too crazy. They're open for Friday lunch and Sunday brunch, both of which I highly recommend.  The dinner menu is awesome too.
They take reservations through open table. If the weather's nice you should request the outside table. That way you can look at my house, and if I come out wave to me!I don't know if it was the 75 degree weather in February or being surrounded by the lush gardens and general fantastic-ness that is non-Bourbon Street New Orleans.  
The food was wonderful.  We started with the potato gnocchi and we literally wiped the plate clean.  I'm not one of those people that uses the word literally to mean figuratively.  We wiped the motherf'n plate clean. (Am I allowed to swear on Yelp?)  I had the burger, cooked to perfection, atop great, buttery brioche. One of my friends is vegetarian and while Patois doesn't have a lot of veg friendly options on the menu, they came back with a plate of wonderful veggie options that made the meat eaters at the table a little jealous
Laura, our wonderful waitress, took excellent care of us.  Her cocktails suggestions were spot on, and she could tell that we really did need that second bottle of bubbly, Despite the fact that we were the only table left in the place and they had locked the doors until dinner, Laura let us sit and lounge with our drinks and dessert to our hearts' content. 
It was a lovely experience in a lovely restaurant.Good, small neighborhood eatery.  Can be crowded, no parking.  Eclectic, varied, changing menu; frequently runs-out of favorite menu items. Casual dress & attitudes.  Surely worth a trip "UpTown", especially for tourists seeking real local fare.  Come early !Thanks to Restaurant Patois for making our last meal in New Orleans one of our best. My wife and I were heading back home after a 4 day tidal wave of epicurean adventure and these guys really knocked it out of the park. We called ahead and made reservations for Easter Brunch and they were very accommodating. The laid back atmosphere combined with the attentive service and incredible food were just top notch. I believe Adam was our server and he was very friendly and knowledgeable. The food...Perfect from beginning to end. My wife's Bloody Mary might have been the best we have ever tried (I wanted a side course of the pickled veggies) and the Mimosa was fresh and vibrant. I had the Pulled Pork biscuit with greens and it was out of sight. Nice spice and mixture of textures. Everything came together perfectly. My wife has the "Easter Chicken" rabbit with biscuit and was equally impressed.. We ate at a lot of classic NOLA restaurants (CP, Emeril's, Brennan's etc) on this trip and these guys stood out. I can't wait to come back here for dinner on a future trip.Be on the lookout as you drive by this restaurant - if you drive too fast you could easily pass it. Situated in a residential area of Laurel St. in Uptown New Orleans, Patois is a hidden gem not to be missed. The atmosphere is a mix of rustic and classic. The walls are an off white antique cream shade, contrasted with dark stained wooden chairs and bright clean white tablecloths. It's an intimate feel with a small arrangement of tables on the main floor and another small seating area just up a few stairs. 
I started off dinner with a cocktail from their menu - the "Blue Moon". Not to be confused with the Belgian beer, this cocktail was a mix of rum, blueberry and sparkling wine (with a bit of lime and mint). It was a nice refreshing drink, not overly strong and well accompanied with blueberries. As we ordered our meal some fresh made bread and butter arrived at our table. These were delicious flaky rolls, reminiscent of a crescent roll, and topped with just the right amount of salt. For appetizer we got one of the daily specials; it was a smoked Redfish dip, served with toasted bread, sesame chips, pickled peppers and a honey dijon. The smoked Redfish dip was the highlight of the meal for me. It was the best preparation of Redfish I've had, smoked right outside and seasoned perfectly. The honey dijon sauce was also not to be overlooked. 
For dinner I ordered the Gulf Fish Almondine - the fish of the day being a Drum fillet. It was lightly battered and the Citrus Meuniére Sauce added just enough flavor. It came with the perfect amount of toasted almonds to compliment each bite. The entree was well portioned and just enough food to be eaten after an appetizer or followed by dessert (or both if you're hungry). 
Dinner flowed well between drinks, appetizers and entrees. Wait staff were attentive and our water glasses were always topped off throughout the meal. My one caveat was that cocktails did take a little while to prepare, but they were all very good and worth the wait. Overall this restaurant was one of my favorites in the city. It's authentic with a local feel and the food was memorable.We have dined at Patois multiple times. The food is always delicious, atmosphere is quaint, server always knows his/her wine. We typically start with the potato gnocchi and my latest entree was the gulf fish almondine, which was divine. Can't go wrong with this one.Got off to a shaky start...my girlfriends & I had reservations for my birthday, as we were trying to inform hostess they kept talking over our heads to a regular, possibly someone with a behind that they're used to smooching...so we had to wait, then we tried to get a drink at the bar, bartender was a little overwhelmed, tossed us the wine menu & finally came back to us just as hostess was coming to get us for our table- too bad bartender!!
Of course, I was now officially annoyed, but finally we were going to get to eat.  This is where the magic took over...
Loved our waiter!  He was attentive, informative & friendly.  We each got different appetizers, delicious enough that they had to be passed around the table.  Corn souffle, jumbo crab salad, so yummy!
Entrees: their signature pheasant- awesome!  Scallops, kind of a small portion but very delicious.  Grilled fish with potatoes- amazing!
The restaurant is so charming, I'm so glad that the actual dining experience was so lovely after our poor treatment at first.  Hostess, get it together! We might not be your fancy Uptown regular, but we know great food & we are willing to pay!The last of a series of great meals on our trip to NOLA.  The crispy quail appetizer was amazing. A must stop...Fantastic meal, great atmosphere and impeccable service. My new favorite restaurant. Do yourself a favor and take the short cab ride from the Quarter and discover this wonderful place.I've been very pleased the handful of times I've been to Patois. The first time was for dinner. I ordered the duck confit salad and a fish entree. The salad was delicious and is what sticks in my memory, as was the fish. The two older women I was dining with had a difficult time with the wine and couldn't find a satisfactory white, but our waiter was patient and tried to be accommodating.  I had an overall very positive experience. 
I went for Sunday brunch the second time. We sat at the bar and drank mimosas while we waited for our table. They were excellent, made with fresh squeezed OJ. I ordered the gnocchi appetizer, as recommended, and can still feel my mouth watering. The mushrooms and edamame added the perfect amount of flavor and texture to the creaminess of the dish, which was only heightened by the addition of succulent crabmeat. It had an innovative feel and rich complex taste that makes it one of those dishes I won't easily forget. 
For my entree I took a leap of faith and ordered the pork belly sandwich, something I never had before. Perhaps I didn't read the menu thoroughly enough, but what came out was very different from what I expected. Every part of it was fried. The two slices of bread were fried, and between the fried green tomato, fried egg, and juicy cut of pork, I could already feel my body preparing for a heart attack. If you enjoy fried foods, then I imagine this sandwich would've transported you to heaven in a heartbeat. But for me, I was overwhelmed and could only stomach a bite.Delightful brunch, mimosas and Manhattans, hog's head grits, gumbo, ceviche, and gulf shrimp salad. Everything fresh and local and beautifully prepared. Lovely service in a charming old Garden District house. Very different from the normal tourist experience. Highly recommend getting out of the French quarter (take the St Charles St streetcar) and visiting this local gem.Outstanding brunch spot, and excellent dinner spot!  Food preparation and presentation among the best in New Orleans.  IN a quiet neighborhood close to Audubon Park, but well outside the tourist mayhem of the French Quarter.   Service is consistently attentive and helpful.  One of my wife and I's goto restaurants for dinner with friends and special occasions.  Recommend a taxi unless you plan to walk a ways off the streetcar line.  It looks like they can handle groups of less than a dozen.  The building looks like it has been built to be a small restaurant.  I also believe this plan was used as a movie set in the TV series "Treme", though they do not make anything of it.  IF you are looking for movie stars and paparazzi, then look elsewhere.  This is Uptown New Orleans, laid-bcc, classy dining, and I highly recommend it!Great restaurant.  All the way around one of my faves in New Orleans.  Great service, great food, great people...I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a nice dinner.  They have an extensive menu for all tastes and a good wine and cocktail menu.  It's also in an old New Orleans shotgun, which adds to the charm.
The hanger steak has to be my favorite, but you gotta try the duck as well.
Pricey, but worth it!Amazing.  Small neighborhood restaurant but super fancy.  Gorgeous setting.  
Started with a martini and they made it really well.  Then got a gnocchi/crab/mushroom appetizer.  It was out of this world.  For the main course I got rabbit wrapped in chicken skin.  Sounds satanic but it was great.  Served over greens with a side of sweet potatoes.  Amazing.  Desert was pretty good but not crazy good like everything else had been.  It was something peanut butter chocolate and icecream.  (my date got the fish but I hate fish because it is difficult to eat around all the bones.  I am just not a fan of fish)
I would have given it 5 stars but I do believe it was over priced.  2 drinks, 1 app, 2 mains, 1 dessert and tip for $150.  It was great but I would have priced it about $20-30 lower. 
(service was average at best)dinner was a bit stuffy.  i guess they were trying to match the price point, but the physical vibe of the place just seemed more relaxed than all that.  didn't appreciate the attempted upsells by the staff, either.  
food was ok.  not great.  and didn't always taste like their description would lead one to believe.  especially the carmelized pain perdu with bacon bourbon ice cream and candied pork belly.  if only that had lived up to it's description, this would be a 4-star review.  but nope - couldn't really taste any of those items amongst what was essentially a coffee-infused pot de creme.  hoity toity is fine.  but flavor still counts.I organized a fancy dinner night and chose Patois based on availability and reviews. I liked the atmosphere and friendly service here. If I lived in the area I would probably make regular visits. 
I had the Duck Gumbo (interesting, but too dark and meaty for my preference).
Entree was the Serrano Ham & Rabbit Roulade. I wanted seafood, but everyone else was getting the seafood dishes so I took one for the team. The dish was quite good. It was my first roulade. But after the meaty gumbo, it was a bit overboard on the meat side. I really liked everyone else's dishes though. My favorite was definitely the scallop entree. Great combo of flavors, cooked perfectly, and beautiful presentation. 
Overall, it was a solid 4 stars for me. It's probably not my very favorite place in the city, but it's definitely worthy of it's reputation and worth a visit if you're looking for a quality meal uptown. I would go back.OUTSTANDING!
I have dined at Patois many times because of the stellar food and the crush I have for the ambience.  A small, sophisticated and very local New Orleans place.
For that reason, I hosted a graduation dinner for 20 at the restaurant and my expectations were exceeded.
Michael and Lorenzo and all the professional yet warm staff went beyond the call to provide a very special evening for all of us.  Even after we caused difficulty due to staggered arrival times for our big party, they managed to accommodate all of us, taking special care of the older guests, and giving attention to my daughter, the guest of honor and her young friends.
Lorenzo created a special cocktail for her, and kept our guests happily imbibed.  Michael was a pleasure to work with, and kept the host (me) from worrying about anything.  He made sure the dinner service ran smoothly and everybody was well taken care of.  The food was out of this world, and the service could not have been improved. Everyone in our party had only wonderful things to say.
My wish was to provide a perfect evening to celebrate my daughter's graduation.  I made the right decision by choosing Patois.
wowBeen trying to go to PATOIS for months but their schedule and mine did not jibe. Finally had brunch there on Sunday with three friends.  We are all local New Orleanians and all I can say is ...WOW.  what a great lunch.  Every plate ordered was creatively conceived and beautifully executed.  
Local flavors with a modern touch.  The LAMB RIB appetizer was succulent ,lean and delicious.   All the portions here are very large.   So the Lamb Rib Appetizer had 7 pieces.  
My friend had the FRIED CHICKEN SALAD, simply amazing.  These people really know how to fry.  All the fried food was perfection.  FRIED RABBIT was even better than the chicken f that is possible.
They served delicious home baked breads with apple butter.   I am not an apple butter woman.
The BREAST OF CHICKEN was served with a unique succotash which was divine.  The chicken perfectly cooked.
On and on.  Service was good food was beyond.
PATOIS is a bit of a hike for me ,way uptown, from the FQ but cannot wait to go back.  This place is a winner, giving many more high profile restaurants a run for their money.The wifey didn't love it but I sort of did!  Yes it was very far from the hotel but that's not their fault.
The restaurant is in the middle of a residential neighborhood. It really seems to be in the middle of nowhere.  I loved the look of this place.  It seemed like we were dining in someone's house.  Very nice and relaxing look! 
We ordered a bottle of 2008 Chateau Fonbadet as there were no Napa Cabs on the menu.  I enjoyed the wine very much.  A party of 6, we began with a cheese plate which, in the words of the cheese goddess (the wife), it was "spectacular."
I had the fettuccine which I really liked.  I know the wife didn't care for it.  Overall everyone sort of had a different opinion on what they had. Some loved it.  Some didn't.
I though the service was great and the food I had was solid.
I just think I fell in love with the experience.  The look of the place, the service, just being there.The atmosphere and the food was great, the service was "meh", our server was an African American lady and she didn't smile once, she seemed like she did not want to be there on a Sunday.Overrated, very loud restaurant with mediocre fare. The younger, trendy clientele are more concerned with looking at one another than appreciating good food.Good food. Good people. Patois is one of my new favorite places and will be a must-visit during all future trips to NOLA. What a dining experience!
Friends and I were in town early this month to celebrate my birthday. We showed up at Patois on Saturday for brunch only to learn that they were closed and that their brunch is on Sunday, not Saturday. We were pretty let down because we'd heard such great things about the place from a friend who lives in the neighborhood. While loitering outside and rethinking our brunch plans, Aaron, Patois' owner, came to the door and asked if he could help. Long story short, he books us a spot at an equally good restaurant (Le Petit Grocery) and calls a cab to take us there. What he didn't know was it was my birthday.
We returned later that evening for dinner, even though we weren't hungry after our late lunch at Le Petit Grocery, and I'm so glad we did. The wait staff was super friendly and helpful in making food and drink selections. We sampled a number of plates and cocktails (all delicious). The Pickled Patois is quite possibly the best cocktail I've ever tasted. My friends ditto that statement. Drink up! You can't go wrong with Patois. No question, I'll be back in September.Very attentive and friendly service, and delicious food. The stuffed rabbit and gumbo were both great. Atmosphere is one of the best I've been to so far in the city. Great place!!!Went here for dinner on my birthday and had a wonderful meal! I loved the ambiance, the service was great, and most importantly the food was awesome!  We got the gnocchi to start which was delicious. I had the steak and my husband had the duck. Both were excellent! For dessert we had the snickers...amazing!!  All in all a wonderful evening at an excellent NOLA gem!Service was great! The food was fantastic! We started off with the potato gnocchi--it was okay. I had the eggplant parmesan as my entree and it was full of flavor! LOVED IT! Everything was pretty much perfect! We had a bottle of the chilled red wine and it was sooooo delicious!The menu on the website is completely different than what is offered.
That being said we started off with these amazing cheese fries that had pulled pork, cheese and a fried egg. We split it amongst the table and the plate was licked clean in no time.
I ended up getting the waffles with bourbon syrup, bananas and whipped cream. It was very good except the waffles were overdone. Very crunchy.
The reason why this restaurant got 4 stars was because the cheese fries were amazing and the waitstaff was so sweet. There was this obnoxious couple sitting behind us who made comments like 'babies are gross' (we had two children under 2 with us), wouldn't get out of the way when I was trying to go to the bathroom and actually ran into one of the kid's high chair. The waitstaff was very accommodating and even apologized for the rude patrons!
..... I really want to eat those cheese fries again.Patois is a greta new orleans restaurant.  The food is inventive and distinct and you must try their signature cocktails they really set the night off to a great start.  
The staff is courteous and will do whatever they can to make sure your dining experience is wonderful.  The decor is simple and reinforces the focus on food.  The flavors are fresh and the ingredients local and seasonal. 
If you can go for the Friday lunch, do.  But give yourself a long lunch break and enjoy your food.  Bring some good company too,  good food is only better when you can share it.Really great. We live in the neighborhood and walk there at least once every 2-3 weeks. the food is tremendous - try the ribs and the steak, although the menu is always evolving which is one of the reasons we love it so much. The food is on par with Commanders, Clancys and some of the other big names in NOLA. Truthfully, I think Patois is better than Clancys. The food is modern and there is usually something for everyone. I would have awarded 5 stars but my ribs were a little bit less than the typical "extraordinary" I have become used to whilst dining at this little gem.Went for lunch on a Friday.  Excellent menu, excellent service.  Incredible attention to detail - every dish was carefully planned and the flavors were just right.  Great atmosphere - classy and casual.  Had the mussels, gnocchi (to die for), duck confit salad, and local fish meuniere, plus the "Snickers" desert - all was delicious.  Also great (yet pricey) cocktails.  Aside from the drinks, for what you get, very very reasonable.  All around fabulous - we will be back soon!Excellent service, wine selection and meal. Only drawback was the tv above the bar. It seemed out of place for this establishment. Great overall experience.Patois is the best restaurant in uptown New Orleans. I've been there three times and each time has been excellent. 
On two occasions, once for dinner and once for brunch, I ordered duck and found it seasoned perfectly and cooked to an excellent tenderness. I would definitely consider ordering it if it is on the menu of the day.
This past visit, my wife and I went for Sunday brunch. I was in the mood for a burger and was not disappointed by Patois' offering. The chuck patty melted in my mouth and the bacon topping was quite smoky. 
If you're looking for upscale New Louisiana cooking, Patois is an excellent choice and one of my favorites in New Orleans.Amazing from beginning to end..
Excellent turkey/greens gumbo..incredible fried oyster salad. And the flounder was awesome. Wish I liked their desserts more.. Otherwise love!!Went for brunch with couple of friends and we all enjoyed the ambience and plates. Our server Adam was great attentive polite and great suggestions. Will definitely be coming back!Patois is off the beaten path if you are staying near the French Quarter, about a $15-20 cab ride. Fine French food with a creole twist. Feeling adventurous, I went for a Rabbit and Andouille sausage gumbo as a starter and it was delicious. For my main course I had the Scallops and they were cooked and seasoned perfectly. The plating gets an extra star.  My husband went for the Duck and he was not pleased. He said it was bland and not cooked properly.  He much preferred the grilled lamb ribs appetizer. Chocolate crepe was nothing to brag about but the plating again was stunning.  Overall, it is a fine restaurant. t I don't think any of their dishes were a complete standout.Patois is an adorable place that seems to come out of nowhere in a quiet, residential neighborhood quite a ways from the rest of downtown. After discovering about a week ago (when I tried one for the first time) that I think Bloody Mary's are great, I decided to get one here. It had tons of ingredients that I didn't recognize, but was quite good. After that promising start, the food did not disappoint. We all shared crawfish gnocci and strawberries in cream, and then I had gulf shrimp and grits with onions, poblano peppers, and a sherry vinegar garlic butter. And I didn't need it, but couldn't resist ordering the buttermilk biscuit to go along with it.I love how this restaurant is in the middle of an uptown neighborhood. Precious!  
Make sure you get a reservation and plan on being there for awhile. Soak up the atmosphere!
Personally, I wasn't thrilled with my selections:  a soup for an appetizer and a fish for my entree. I can't even remember what I ordered. That should say something right there. On the other hand, I tasted bites of everyone else's food, and I was blown away. The gnocchi is delish!  The pork belly amazing. Supposedly the rabbit was great as well. I just couldn't bring myself to eat the velveteen rabbit. I'm not really a meat eater, if y'all haven't gathered from my prior reviews. 
Anyways, this is totally a must if you're in the area. Enjoy!We came by for a Sunday brunch and had a wonderful meal with friends. Interior is bright though intimate. Service was very good and the food did not disappoint. Would recommend for a tucked away neighborhood date night or just a good meal with friends.Excellent local New Orleans restaurant that made me feel like I was in France...with a Creole twist.  The restaurant is a short taxi ride from the business district and well worth heading in the opposite direction of the French Quarter.  Of course the entrees are excellent and most in my group ordered the short ribs and the snicker dessert is a must.Brunch on Sunday was superb.  We started with Gumbo with duck andouille sausage and greens  followed by shrimp and grits.  The desert I would recommend is bread pudding/bananas foster with a rum glaze.
Service by our server Ryan was efficient but not rushed.  Definitely one of my top three brunch spots in NOLAHands down one of the best places to eat in new Orleans.  Nestled in a neighborhood, Patois is unique and one of a kind.  The chef makes sure the wait staff has tasted everything on the menu so when they present it to customers they can give an honest description and opinion.  The food is presented well and has the perfect blend of spice and ingredients.  Book early to get into this one of a kind place because it's a popular one!I was brought here for lunch during my interview at LSU. This is a quaint little restaurant that has an old fashioned feel to it. All the tables have fresh white table cloths, very welcoming decor. The waiter was very friendly and helpful. 
If you're vegetarian, as one in our group was, the selections are very limited. She ended up getting the oyster salad w/ no oysters and no bacon. Pretty much an overpriced Ceaser salad. 
The rolls that they serve before the meal are amazing. Warm enough to melt a pat of butter and it breaks down into flaky goodness. Loved them! OMG, soooo good! 
For my appetizer I got the gumbo. I'm not an expert at gumbo by any means, but it was really good. It wasn't too much rice and it had a good heat to it, mild for my taste, but any heat is better than none. I would recommend it highly. 
For my main course I had the ham sandwich with egg, that was then dredged in custard an fried I think. It was soooo rich. Too rich actually. They must have put a ton of cheese in the custard coating, because I was tasting cheese everywhere. It really masked the sandwich to the point where I felt like I was eating blocks of cheese. The ham sandwich itself is quite plain, but the waiter recommended this if you wanted to try something new. It was indeed new to me. I hate wasting food and I'm ashamed to say that I barely got through half of it. It wasn't bad, it was just too much. I wouldn't be surprised if it was more than 1500 calories. It's a novel concept and they do it well, but it didn't impress me enough that I would order it again. 
This place is a little pricey, but I think the food was all high quality and I enjoyed my experience here. If you go, take advantage of the bread and consider the gumbo.So very glad I was able to take my friends here while in town to see the "non-tourist" version of New Orleans.  We were a large group of 7 that made reservations at the last minute.  I was very worried about that aspect of the meal, but I should have saved my concern.  
This place is warm and welcome with great energy.  Our greeting truly made us feel like they were very happy we were there, and they were not lacking business - they were full on a Thursday night.  We were seated a bit too close to the kitchen for my taste, but as a large party I was just happy they took our reservation.  The place is beautifully and very simply decorated with creamy walls and white tableclothes.  The building is just lovely.  
First, our waiter was fun and knew his stuff!  (I can't believe I can't remember his name - I feel like a jerk)  He made the whole meal fun and informative....even including a spill of two glasses of red wine that made a huge mess.  (he didn't spill it - the tables were pushed together and the hostess was simply helping out by delivering a glass and set it on the split between the unlevel tables.  The glass she set down went over and hit another full glass of wine.  As you can imagine this was quite a mess and some amazing food and a blouse were ruined.)
The food was truly exceptional.  To start, a charcuterie plate for the table was imaginative and mouthwatering with boudin and hogshead cheese.  Appetizer standouts were the sweetbreads, the smoked rabbit gumbo and the grilled pork belly and scallop.  Following that our favorite entrees were the rabbit and the duck with huge honerable mention going to the simple almond crusted gulf fish.  There was a lot of passing around the table, but a few folks were really fighting to not share...completely understandable.  Not being a huge dessert person, I cannot personally comment on them, but gauging the level of happiness and pleasurable moaning coming from my fellow diners, I'm pretty sure it was amazing as well.
I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed this meal.  We did Stella and Bayona on this trip and everyone in the group agreed that Patois was our overall best experience.What an amazing meal! The restaurant is in a rustic corner building in a lovely neighborhood setting a few blocks from Audubon Park. All four in my party enjoyed the meal and the fine service we received. One of us ordered two appetizers rather than an entree; the sizes were substantial. The other two ordered the soup of the day (squash), which I tasted -- it was stupendous! I had the seasonal gumbo with a dark roux, and it was also delicious. My only issue was the waiter said the steak with the steak frites would be medium rare, and it came out rare -- though the flavor was still amazing and the French fries plentiful. This place is a must-visit, especially if you're on the west side of NoLa.Great food, TERRIBLE service!  Offensive staff told my guests they were lying, messed up the check.  No apologies from staff.  Go here for take out if you must, avoid the staff.The uptown neighborhood bistro is my favorite category of NOLA restaurant. Patois did no disappoint! The only thing we had that we didn't care for was the calamari special -- it tasted like something from red lobster -- it was awful. 
Everything else, including the service, was top notch!OMG! OMG! OMG! 
This is not a five-star place, it is a DOUBLE FIVE-STAR! 
Superb in everything: food, service, decor, atmosphere, matching hand-painted clay little candle holders, tiny vases with a fresh flower and a bread bucket. No paper on a table cloth either with linen purest white napkins!
Service is super-good: a friendly, attentive, dressed-up servant who know her job. Great!
Food. 
I cannot name you an item that disappointed me or my partner during our dinner. Even bread, pickled peppers and whole grain mustard on the side of an appetizer were delicious there! 
We started with Charcuterie Plate. Superb! Three different kinds of meat prepared in different ways. My fav one was "housemade boudin" which is a sausage and I'm not a big fan of ground meat  stuffed in gizzards. :)
Entrees. 
Roasted Pheasant Breast & Confit Leg. That was my first half a pheasant in my life and it was delicious, cooked with perfection: the breast part was juicy and melted in my mouth. And the leg part was flavorful, tender and  came off the bone with a slight touch. The "sunchoke puree" that accompanied this dish was the best sauce for a cooked bird I've ever had! Even baby carrots and little onion were cooked perfect. 
And one more important part - both entrees had the minimum amount of sodium which is very rare nowadays in restaurants. I appreciated that very much. 
Grilled Hanger Steak was the best example of great beef served with the best choice of sauce - red wine & marrow reduction. It was the tenderest piece of juicy med-rare meat in a rich red wine juice with berries.
And with all those goodies I could not resist but finish our fine dinner with a dessert. 
I had the richest Chocolate-Hazelnut Dessert ever. And it was served in a funny way: a tiny praline cookie topped with mild vanilla ice-cream, a deep dark moist tender chocolate cupcake full of nuts and ... a little glass jar in a form of tiny tube with a cover that was filled with hazelnut milk chocolate paste. I called it "much more chocolate nutella". :) They even served a dessert spoon that fitted perfect in that jar! :)
The chefs did their best! 
Thank you very much, Patios, for a great time we had and delicious food we enjoyed!so amazing. hand crafted cocktails(the Fleur De Lis is to die for!) ridiculously delicious moules frites, so good i was mopping the bowl with my bread! i had the scallops in braised oxtail curry, boyfriend had the hangar steak. both were so amazing, and we were so full we almost didnt order dessert. i was sure we wouldnt eat it, but their tiramisu bread pudding was beyond perfect- light fluffy, yet not dry or crumbly. and the best part, not overly rich, so when we left wwe actually didnt feel like we were waddling out!We got to Patois for brunch on Sunday, the last day of 5 in NOLA.  After several great meals at Lilette, Cochon, Luke, etc., I was a bit concerned about culinary fatigue, but Patois was very pleasant.  Took the street car down St. Charles to Webster St. and walked the roughly 15 blocks south - very nice stroll on a beautiful morning.
The restaurant is in what must be a converted house.  They've gone with a nice provincial French style for the decor.  Nice, relaxed atmosphere and very friendly wait staff.  
I order a couple of specials - a "rabbit arincini" ball that was huge and served in a nice light tomato cream sauce.  The rabbit was delicious, but this dish was really heavy, so I had to give up on the thick, crusty exterior.  Followed that with a spinach salad with bacon and fried oysters which was well executed.
My friend had the moules et frites.  We both thought the smoky tomato broth was delicious and that the mussels were just right.  They choose to serve the fries on top of the mussels, which leads to some unfortunate sogginess by the end of the dish.  Please, serve them on the side!  She had a nice crab & brie omelette after that.
We had heard from several people that Patois is really special, so I'm going to hold off on comparisons to other NOLA places until we can get back for a 'regular' meal.  But it was a nice end to a great culinary trip.Recently went for brunch with friends who knew the chef.   Between this and having a large group (which was fine - some other review said not great for groups, but we made reservations in advance and everything was okay) I had the benefit of sampling much of the menu.   Server was pleasant, although was slow on refilling wine/drinks.   Brunch drinks were spot on (Bloody Mary, White wine sangria,  STRONG iced coffee & iced capp).   Our friend ordered the wine for the table so I did not look at the list myself.    My favorites were the lamb ribs and specialty crab salad.   Muffins with marmalade to start were heavenly.   By the time we were sent a round of desserts I felt like I was going to burst, but everything I tasted was simply delightful.   Next time I am in New Orleans I will be sure to check out this place for lunch or dinner.   As an aside, if you watched Treme this is where they filmed the shots for the restaurant.Amazing! My husband and I had brunch here. Soooo good. We had the fried oyster salad which was great. We also split the egg! Pork belly and fried green tomato sandwich. Delish! Great service and really nice ambiance.Cuban sandwich with egg?? Yes please!! Just one of the fantastic items we had. I am also a fan of very dark gumbo, and their version here was delicious. Enjoyed our visit and will be back.I've eaten here several times now...I'm definitely a fan.  The ambiance is simple and...I love that they little stands for your hat.  The gnocchi is amazing...Pretty much all the food here is amazing, except for the deserts which could definitely use some improvement and aren't up to par with the rest of the menu.  Service is generally pretty good, but have had a couple screw ups stemming..being asked to move tables after being seated, mistakes on the bill.  I will certainly keep coming back.Amazing brunch! Sat at the bar. Great service, amazing drinks, the food was incredible. Can't go wrong with anything you order here. Will definitely be back on the next trip to NOLA.I was in New Orleans on a girls' weekend. Little did I know it would change my life forever. I have eaten a lot of decent food in my life, but thanks to that weekend, whenever I lay down to sleep at night, I will always wonder if I will ever again meet a confit duck leg as exquisite as the one I ate at Restaurant Patois. Also notable was the deconstructed "Snickers Bar" dessert.
It was an unforgettable meal.This restaurant is a hidden neighborhood gem. It's food is thoughtful with a farm to table thought process. Aaron is great in the kitchen doing interesting things and Leon is the greatest between front of house and kitchen ! Fun and really a great experience. Favorite in the city.I give them 3.5*.  (minus 1/2 b/c the food wasn't cooked properly).This is tucked in a residential area. Coming from CA where we have great cuisine, our perspective /standards might be a lit' diff. 
Anyhow, we didnt' choose this rest. I did a search and planned on going to Clancy since they had such good reviews. We arrived at Clancy's at 6:15pm and althogh there were abt 8-10 tables empty they would not seat us and asked if we had reservations. That's pretty stuck up!! Anyhow, a fellow reviewer said they maybe woudlnt' gotten seated but they had a reservation. We were dressed very casual and it was raining like cats and dogs outside that we had our rain jackets drenched. Perhaps we were a lit' underdressed but heck we were travelling!!
So they told it might take 3 hours for a table and shooed us away, suggesting perhaps we go down the street to Patois. So we waltzed over to Patois. The hostess was much nicer. She let us have a table, but we had abt 1 hour to dine, which was fine. 
Not a whole lot on the menu. I ordered a duck and my hubs ordered a steak. The presentation was really nice. However, my duck wasn't cooked thoroughly, it was still a bit raw (red). My hubs told me his steak was a lit' burnt on one side (he ordered medium rare). We also ordered baby lamb ribs for an appetizer. It was really salty and a bit fatty.Restaurant Patois is a gem!  The atmosphere is a cross between "French Bistro" and "neighborhood joint," but it is -- in fact -- the perfect neighborhood restaurant:  one that is truly outstanding, worthy of a citywide (nationwide) reputation, and one that far exceeded our expectations.  This was, quite simply, the best meal we had on our most recent trip to New Orleans, and one the best meals Lynn and I have had all year . . . 
Lynn started with crispy pork belly salad with frisee, a sunny-side up farm egg, grilled ciabatta and a sherry vinaigrette.  Seriously wonderful!  I, on the other hand, opted for the housemade charcuterie plate, comprised of boudin, pork rillettes, and hogshead cheese, served with whole-grain mustard and toasted baguette.  This is more than wonderful; it was, in a word, fantastic!  The best boudin, I think, I have ever had, and the rillettes and headcheese were equally superb.
For our entrees, Lynn chose the very rare seared tuna, served on a bed of chanterelle mushrooms, baby arugula, red and yellow grape tomatoes, and aged balsamic vinegar.  She said it was the best tuna she has had in a long, long time.  Meanwhile, I ordered the whole roasted poussin, served on a base of oyster mushroom, sweet potato, and speckled butter bean ragout, served with a natural sauce with cippolini onions.  Truly fantastic -- again, the best chicken I've had in a long, long time, and very reminiscent of some of the chicken I've had in France.
The wine list is small, but very well thought out and filled with a number of very intriguing wines,many available by the glass.  Kudos to the wine buyer.
Lynn had a satsuma-and-pomegranate flan for dessert that was light, flavorful, and sheer heaven.  She followed that with a mint tea (a tisane made with fresh mint leaves from the bar) that was excellent, and my after-dinner coffee was the first (and only) decent coffee I had during my entire stay in New Orleans!
Great place, and we're looking forward to returning on our next visit.Patois is a little off the beaten path and tucked into a cute uptown neighborhood.  I would have given it more stars but I was a little put off by our waitress and the high prices for what they offered.  Of all the amazing restaurants we have eaten at in New Orleans this was by far our most expensive meal and for me, my least favorite or my favorites.  Don't get me wrong...the lamb ribs with it green tomato chutney, the roasted beet salad with goat cheese and Tahiti dressing and the scallop and pork belly appetizers were excellent.  I had the shrimp with home made fettuccine and my friend had the hanger steak...to me, these both did not meet our expectations.  My dish had an over abundance of pepper and my friends hanger steak, although tender and good was minimal (approx. 3 oz) for the amount of overwhelming fries(approx. 10oz) on her plate.  Basically she paid $29 for french fries.  What really turned me off was our waitresses attitude.  She would give snide, sarcastic looks whenever we asked her a question or didn't order drinks...which she seemed to be pushing on us from the minute we sat down.  I am giving it three stars just on the merit of the appetizers, but for the price we paid...I would rather return to Bistro Daisy or Herbsaint.  If your in the neighborhood give it a try, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again!If you're looking for a new Sunday brunch spot in town, you just found it.  I've been for both dinner and brunch, and while the dinner menu is pretty nice, the brunch is where its at.  Everything from mussels and fries to salads to grits and grillades to chicken paillard.  We haven't gone wrong yet.  This is the old Norby's Restaurant at the corner of Webster and Laurel, but don't let that deter you - it's been totally renovated.  That terrible cave-like feel of Norby's has been blasted out with huge new windows which throw light all over the place.  This is one reason brunch is such a great time to go - it's naturally lit and almost like you're sitting outside.  Bloodies are great, and they do a nice twist on the played-out mimosa - the Contessa.  It's got some Cointreau in it and a fresh orange peel.
If you can't brunch at this place and like it then you've got something wrong with yourself.Definitely not worth the price. Wait staff is spotty at best. Indifference from reception all the way to the management. Do not go during Jazzfest, they treat everyone like tourists, knowing that you are unlikely to come back anytime soon.LOVE this restaurant! Opens early on Sundays for brunch, so we have eaten here several times when we come down for our daughter's play matinees. Everything is outstanding--everything! Especially loved the gumbo and if you are a fan of French fries, theirs are outstanding! Very hip vibe and comfortable, yet elegant atmosphere.Charming and delicious. We went for Sunday brunch. Had a reservation in anticipation of a large crowd given their high ratings on yelp, but it wasn't too crowded. 
Started off with the crawfish gnocchi for an appetizer. Small portion, but oh yes. So good. 
We both got the Fried Mississippi Rabbit. JFC. Damn. Good.We are big fans of Patois.  It's a neighborhood favorite, but I think it's competitive even outside uptown.  Our latest meal was last night.  Here's the breakdown.
Apps:
Steak tartare:  I want to like tartare more than I actually do.  This was tasty because the furikake rice chips give some crunch to the chewy tartare texture.  Egg on top was cooked perfectly.
Mussels Marinieres:  I would not say Patois is known for their mussels but it's in my top 3 spots in New Orleans for mussels.  Toasted baguette soaks up the nicely flavored white wine sauce.
Soup:  seafood gumbo.  Dark rue with nice assortment of seafood and okra.  Very strong order.
Entree:  pork osso bucco.  Fantastic.  Well marbled.  Cooked perfectly.  It was layered with an apple butter reduction.  Tasted like a bite of fall.  The pork itself was killer.  The grits and charred broccoli were just icing on this savory cake.
Seating at Patois is tight.  They pack you in.  It has a charming decor and because of the limited space, the atmosphere is lively when full.  Our service is usually pretty good.  Last night, it was ok.  Our drinks were empty a little too long, and it took a while to get the waiter to take our orders.  
Overall, Patois is a solid dining experience.  Definitely plan to repeat.The food here was very unique. I ordered the octopus and the rabbit and both were very delicious. The rabbit is wrapped in chicken skin and crispy on the outside and stuffed was sausage, I can feel my arteries clog up but definitely worth it! The cocktail selection is pretty good too, I ended up getting the "don't wine about it" and it was good but very small. Cool place overall but tends to be cold and loud.We went here for COOLinary recently and loved it. When we first walked in, we were greeted with smiling faces and felt very welcomed. The restaurant is on the smaller side and is split among the bar side with some tables and the dining side. We sat near the bar at a table and enjoyed the ambience. I will admit it did get really loud so they may want put some curtains to muffle the sound. 
Our waiter was very kind, he had a beard and dark hair and smiled often...I dont remember his name unfortunately. We were given complimentary bread rolls that were flaky and addictive. The first course, I got the very good gnocchi which I loved and the sauce on it....oh my... I wished I had more bread to dip it in! My in laws got the bore gumbo even though they know they don't like bore. I tried theirs and it was way too gamey for my taste...but that is just how bore tastes so don't order that if you dont like a strong flavor like that. For the entree it was between the fried catfish and the eggplant parm. The waiter suggested the eggplant was the best he has tasted so I went with it. I got it and it good but not the best. What was the best was the pork noisettes my husband ordered. That sauce on top was amazing and it was the juiciest pork I've ever eaten. How did they get it so juicy!? I did try the father in laws fish and I kind of wished I had ordered that instead. It was so crispy and thin! Again, this place and their sauces - ac amazing! The dessert was a peach cobbler which was ok. I liked the ice cream and sugar cookie. I tried the other option which was a coffee dessert and the ice cream was like doing a shot of espresso. Not for me. 
All in all, it was great service, ambience and food. I will be back and would like to try their brunch one day.Another space where I've eaten at a variety of restaurants here. But never Patois until Easter brunch earlier this month.
I made a reservation for my family on OpenTable and they had space for 8 (which eventually became 6) at the right time on Easter. My family can be...difficult when it comes to holiday meals in restaurants. THERE ARE SO MANY RULES. But I digress.
We were seated promptly at our reservation time and we enjoyed some delicious cocktails and wine. The basket of brunch breads were tasty but the selection was on the sweet side for me. It was more a basket of muffins and we fought a bit over the brioche.
For appetizers, we mostly had the salads which are all delicious if my Mom stealing fried oyster from my Dad's was any indication. I had the heirloom tomato salad which was perfection.
For entrees, we had shrimp & grits which Daddy devoured, a Cuban Madame that my Mom really enjoyed, 2 of the omelettes of the day which featured crawfish, the rabbit biscuit which my brother said was tasty and I had the gulf fish of the day (flounder) which was again delicious.
The restaurant is small and gets really loud + they have piped in music. This was a bit challenging when 2 out of 6 people at your table wear hearing aids and a 3rd should probably have one. The space is beautiful however and my mom & uncle enjoyed reminiscing about the area when they were children...and the sandwich shop that used to be in this location in the 70s and 80s. Service was OK. I think our server was done in by the holiday crush. 
The menu online is definitely not what you will find when you arrive. LOVE that they create the menu based on season ingredients.The food in this place is absolutely amazing.  It sits in the middle of a neighborhood and has a great atmosphere.  It does not look overly fancy but don't let it full you.  Try the pork. I have never tasted anything like it.  A must go if New Orleans.I went to Patois last night, a Wednesday, with a friend who owns a B&B in New Orleans, the first visit to Patois for both of us, although we had heard about it for years.  The waiter did not rush us as we sat over glasses of wine for 1/2 hour before even looking at the menu.  He was very helpful with suggestions (which I should have taken--more on that below). 
My friend had the rabbit and andouille gumbo and the hanger steak.  It was no problem to substitute a vegetable instead of fries, and the waiter offered her a choice of 3 veggies.  Her food was outstanding. The gumbo was incredibly rich and flavorful, chock full of tasty meat.  The steak was more medium rare than the medium she had ordered, but she loved it. 
I had the heirloom lettuce salad, which was good but not great--but I was expecting heirloom tomatoes--my fault for not reading the description carefully. My entree was scallops with lemon butter sauce, roasted cauliflower and couscous. The scallops were large, fresh tasting and perfectly grilled and the sauce was excellent, but I found the seasoning on the scallops was too salty.  This is why I deducted one star.  The cauliflower was perfectly roasted. 
The house-made mango sorbet was delicious and plenty for us to share.  The waiter brought 2 lovely peppermint chocolate truffles to end the meal. 
As it turned out, 2 of my friend's B&B customers were in the house.  They came over and raved about the appetizers, which they said were so good that they never made it to the entrees.  They loved the gnocchi with crabmeat, the crispy pork belly & seared scallop with a Steen's cane syrup & spicy mustard drizzle, the gulf shrimp & chorizo, and the duck confit salad, which they said was the best confit they'd ever had and with a duck leg so large they considered it more of an entree.  The waiter had highly recommended all of these appetizers.We dined at Patois on a Thursday - couldn't get reservations on Fri or Sat.  Place is in a neighborhood off the beaten path of NOLA tourism in a converted house.  Clientele seemed to be mostly locals, with a fair amount of university-faculty types.  Wine list:  thoughtfully put together, not bargains but not overpriced, either.  We started with glasses of Rose, and had a bottle of Pascal Pouilly with dinner ($48).  Menu runs from a gourmet burger to steak to interesting seafood selections, all imaginatively prepared and presented.  I started with a special, zucchini blossoms stuffed with soft cheese and lightly fried. Worth the $12.50.  Spouse had the famous potato gnocchi of which he didn't share a bite.  We both had the scallops for mains - perfectly cooked and presented.  Finished with decadent desserts we didn't need, but we were on vacation.  The service was attentive but not in our face.  We sat on the side of the resto away from the bar, and even though the seats are in close quarters, European-style, I found it wasn't too noisy or intrusive.  The only downside is the place is a $15 cab ride (plus tip) from the tourist and downtown hotels and we had a bit of a wait for a cab after dinner.  If you aren't committed to having regional and typical "NOLA" fare (etouffee, etc), I highly recommend Patois.Great atmosphere. Great Service. Freakin' fantastic food. My friend tried the country-fried rabbit, and so we all did, and I must say, it was amazing. AMAZING.  I tried the grape tomato salad (good), and the Grits and Grillades (gorgeous). Our waiter claimed they were the best grits in the region (not just the city), and I have to agree they were quite delicious.
We went for brunch and it was just the perfect spot. Sleepy neighborhood vibe and relaxed Sunday atmosphere, with the patrons looking very Hyannis Port (to this West Coaster, anyway).  If you are visiting the city, get away from the Quarter and try this spot. You won't be sorry.great brunch
not cheap but nice splurge
brought the baby and sat on a bench
didn't make a reservation, but would make one for sure if you really want to eat thereMy first time at Patois. The food was good and atmosphere was homely and definitely New Orleans. I as much as I enjoyed the food, there was no wow factor. But a place I will revisit.Friday dinner (reservations 7:45pm) w/ friends (6-total).  Arrived at 7:30pm.  Showed where our table would be & that the individuals sitting there just ordered desert.  Finally around 8pm we were seated at a different table b/c our original table was still not available.  (ATMOSPHERE)  Small & tight.  If you have to wait for a table & the bar is full the only other place to wait is outside which is fine as long as it is not cold, raining or hot as butt (this is Louisiana). 
(DRESS CODE)  Jeans & a dress shirt would work.  
(SERVICE)  Great.  
(FOOD)  Very good.  Portions are a bit small for the price.   
(PRICE)  Bring your income tax check.  For 6 people our bill w/ tip was $630.  App's run $14 (Seared Gulf Shrimp) to $19 (Mushroom Risotto) & Entree's run $26 (Eggplant Parm) to $38 (Wagyu Steak), Dessert runs $7.50 (Ice cream) to $13 (Snickers).  
(GET DRUNK BEFORE YOU GO)  A bottle of beer is $5.50 ($5.79 for a 6-pack of Bud Light at the store) & the cheapest glass of wine is $14.  A cocktail will run you $12 (High Societea - Gin, Lemon, Green & Jasmine Tea, Grapefruit Bitters, Cava) to $16 (The Healthy Hare - Carrot Juice, Turmeric, Ginger, Lemongrass, Absolut Elyx, Rum) a glassHow do I love thee?  Let me count the ways. I've been to Sunday Brunch only, but I can't wait to go back. This is hands down one of the best Sunday brunches in the entire city. Starting with the Bloody Mary; spiced (but too much), garnished and so smooth.   My daughters shared the Mississippi Rabbit (yes, they were splitting a hare) and both were licking the plate.  Their gnochi was probably the best I've ever tasted. The shrimp and grits were a mix of spicy and creamy that was delectable. I had the huevos rancheros, which was better than any Latin restaurant I've ever been to. I can recommend this place enough. Warning: for  Sunday brunch make reservations, especially if you have more than four in your party.Still in New Orleans, and joined for the weekend by our friends Shotaro and Monica -- he the executive chef of Yoshi's Jazz Club and Restaurant (and most often in the SF location, though occasionally in Oakland).  
We began with a round of some of their signature cocktails -- "Pickled Patois" (gin, juice from their housemade bread-and-butter pickles, and garnished with a pickle slice), "Pau Boy Pierre" (muddled cucumbers and satsumas, gin and Pimm's, lemon juice, simple syrup, and a splash of soda), and their "Fleur de Lis" (blood oranges, vodka, limoncello, elderflower liqueur, lemon juice, and sparkling wine).  
With that delicious and delightful start to the evening, we moved on to a round of appetizers:  Potato Gnocchi with local edamame, crawfish, and marscapone; their always excellent housemade Charcuterie Platter (boudin, pork rillettes, and hogshead cheese); Gulf Shrimp & Chorizo with a sherry vinegar garlic butter and served over manchego spoonbread; Crispy Pork Belly & Seared Scallop, with a Steen's cane syrup and spicy mustard drizzle; Sizzling Octopus, with a blood orange vinaigrette, kalamata olives, mint, and roasted radishes; Grilled Lamb Ribs with a green tomato relish; and a P&J Oyster and Spinich Salad, with frisee, Benton's bacon, Parmigiano-Reggiano, and a Meyer lemon-buttermilk dressing.
OMG!  Each was delicious, and the plates were passed around the table much to everyone's delight!
On to the entrées . . . Chef Aaron Burgau has outdone himself.  He is a warm, gentle, friendly person whose talents in the kitchen are simply amazing!  Again, the plates were flying around the table, as we enjoyed Roasted Pheasant Breast & Confit Leg, served with sunchoke purée, cippolini onions, roasted baby carrots & a spiced foie gras emulsion; Rabbit Saltimbocca, with marcapone polenta, asparagus, and a marsala lemon jus; Almond Crusted Gulf Redfish, with roasted potato galettes, buttered green beans, and a citrus menieure; Stuffed Roasted Quail (the evening's off-the-menu special, and I don't have the details, but -- damn! -- it was great); 
Truly, dinner was simply amazing -- the portion size of the appetizers were perfect, and the entrée portions were more-than-generous.  (If anyone ever leaves here hungry, I'd be amazed.)
Rebecca Tarpy has done a wonderful job creating a small but intriguing wine list, well-thought out, reasonably priced, and studded with unusual gems.  We enjoyed a wondeful Arneis from the Langhe, as well as a Morgon (Cru de Beaujolais).
On to dessert, where it was Pastry Chef Lisa Gusafson's turn to shine.  Her Ponchatoula Strawberry Bavarian, served with balsamic ice cream, a vanilla tuile and balsamic reduction, was truly devine.  The Cheve & Housemade Ricotta Fritters, served with a trio of sauces -- lemon verbena crème anglaise, berry coulis, lavender Steen's cane syrup -- was exquisite; the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding, with a banan-butter pecan ice bream, carmelized bananas, and a rum sauce, caused people to swoon; and the Coffee & Chocolate Three-Way with white coffee ice cream, cocoa nibs, mocha panna cotta, and a white chocolate-Kahlua cake, was over-the-top!  
The dress code is casual; the waitstaff warm and friendly; and the atmosphere is welcoming and relaxing.
Who could ask for more?I am not wild about the French cuisine but this restaurant was exceptionally delicious. Our waiter was very attentive and informative. His recommendations were wonderful. The price as good. We got there alittle early and they sat us after about ten minutes. We ordered the potato gnocchi and the grilled mahi with sticky rice. We are definitely going to go back!Move over Cochon, there may be a new top dog on my restaurant list in New Orleans. So, after winning $167 at the track on a $5 bet to win for the 31:1 odds "Do Dat Blues" on the last day my friend was visiting from out of town, we decided to go on an all out splurge meal, complete with cocktails, a bottle of wine, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, a dessert and coffee. Let's just say, we didn't have any money from the winnings left but have a meal memory to last for a while to come. Both our waiter and bartender are awesome, and Chef Aaron was walking around hanging with friends (or regulars perhaps?) Farm fresh ingredients, skillful cooking techniques, unique flavor combinations elevates Patois above the usual New Orleans faire. 
Moules frites were superb, we kept the broth till every drop was soaked up by bread. We were adventurous and tried the sweetbreads for the first time - AMAZING! Awesome textural contrasts and melding of flavor. And how could I resist the ham crusted scallops - putting two of my favorite foods together (pork and shellfish)? The cauliflower puree was delish - I would have loved a big ol bowl of that stuff instead of just the smear under the dish. My friend got the rabbit special, which was yummy as well. We finished the meal with the "Snickers" dessert which was really fab - achieves that perfect balance of sweetness with a bite of saltiness. My only regret is that I don't think I can pull off winning at the racetrack every time I get a craving to eat at Patois - and my bank account can't afford me going there unless I do!
Highly suggest making a reservation - even with 9:30 reservations, we were not seated until 9:45. Worth the wait, and every penny.Beautiful & delicious food in a beautiful old home. My husband claimed his brunch was one of the top meals he had in New Orleans. I would love to eat here again! Make a reservation!The food here is heaven. 
I'm a sucker for good duck and the the duck at Patois was nothing short of phenomenal... and the side to my dish - brussel sprouts and butternut squash with bacon and chestnut hash (which  I considered mere lagniappe when ordering) put my duck to shame. 
Hubs had the almond crusted gulf fish (drum) with potato galettes and buttered green beans - which were quite delicious, but nowhere near as brilliant as the duck.
None of the food here disappointed - the appetizer (gulf shrimp with chorizo and grits) was delish and the the smoked rabbit and andouille gumbo easily makes my all-time top 5 (and living in NOLA I eat a lot of gumbo).
My only complaint (and the only reason I'm giving Patois 4 stars instead of 5) - the wine list. A restaurant with such stellar food should have a wine list to match and the selections on hand are mediocre at best. Hubs malbec was downright awful. As seasoned wine-drinkers  - willing to pay inflated per glass prices at a nice meal - the $8/glass price tag was not a bargain, it was downright criminal for the piss-poor quality and taste of the wine.Located in quiet neighborhood. Restaurants environments are great, quite a decent place. Food are great, though price is not cheap. I love the dessert! The "snickers" is very yummy chocolate taste!Superb food, splendid service, wonderful ambience and setting and best of all unsurpassed value given the food here achieves the highest standards for culinary art.  I had the charred octopus appetizer, which resonated remarkably well with the Emeritus Pinot Noir and the pan seared grouper.  The sauce in the oyster stew that comes with the grouper simply blew me away with its array of flavors.  Wine list is relatively limited for a place I would give five stars, but the prices are very reasonable and there are many good wines to choose from.Beautiful restaurant. Great natural light during the day. We ate brunch recently. Cocktails were fabulous - the Vieux Carre was well done. Tips - the local shrimp salad is small and should really be ordered as a starter and not an entree. The bacon braised greens are fabulous. Nice service - kinda a hipster scene but still professional.Went here Friday night with friends from out of town. We wanted to show them some high-end, Louisiana inspired dishes. Started with the charchuterie plate which I ordered mostly for the boudin. I then had the market salad and their pumpkin and crab bisque. I am writing this review mostly for the pumpkin and crab bisque. It was AMAAAAZING. You have to try it!! This is the second time I've been blown away by soup at Patois (previously it was zucchini and basil). All other diners in our party were equally as satisfied with their dishes which included the duck, the hanger steak, and the gulf shrimp with angel hair pasta. The only bad part of the meal was the small lavender and rosemary shortbread cookies they provided with the bill. They just didn't taste right. The waitstaff was also a little less attentive then I've come to expect when dining at a place like Patois. All in all though good experience, per usual.our group's first visit to patois today - we all enjoyed a great sunday brunch.  highlights were the lamb ribs, lobster salad, burger and fried rabbit.  didn't try any of the cocktails or dessert, but the wine list and french press coffee were good too.
definitely make a reservation; they were full the entire time we were there (no walk-ins); looking forward to dinner on our next visit.I Had A Last Date Here Once...
These are the dates where they meet your folks on Valentines Day and you never hear from them again, right? Cause that's how I roll.
I would just like to preface this by saying I'm certain the quality of the food at Patois had nothing to do with things not working out. That's most likely the head-shaped growth on my ass that keeps laughing at the women I date while reiterating specific words they say. (Not cool, Butt-head!) Dinner itself was fantastic all around.
Here's everything we enjoyed that night other than my delusion of having any perceived value whatsoever:
- Potato Gnocchi: chanterelle mushrooms, blue crab & parmigiano-reggiano
  (I have a thing for blue crab)
- Crispy Pork Belly & Seared Scallop with a Steen's cane syrup & spicy mustard drizzle
  (My mom heard the call of bacon and scallop)
- Charred Baby Octopus: Chorizo, Kalamata olives with fregola & a Meyer lemon citronette
  (How can you NOT order something that sounds like a dare to Cthulhu?)
- Fried P&J Oyster salad: Spinach, ruby streak mustards, Benton's bacon, parmesan & a Meyer lemon buttermilk dressing
  (My folks needed their oysters - and more bacon)
- Smoked Rabbit, Andouille & Greens Gumbo
  (I needed my fluffy bunny meat)
- Delachaise Community Garden's Lettuce Salad: shaved local radishes, toasted pumpkin seeds, ryal's goat's milk cheddar & a local wildflower honey vinaigrette
  (My date needed to not feel guilty about never seeing me again)
- Spiced Muscovy Duck Breast: Lacinato kale, Cotechino sausage, duck confit & wild rice calas & a chestnut honey reduction
  (Tasty - possibly better than dying alone)
- King Cake Bread Pudding: Creole Cream Cheese Ice Cream, Ponchatoula Strawberry Compote, White Chocolate Garnish
  (Definitely better than dying alone)
My folks had a nice time and we actually enjoyed our evening so much we even overstayed our welcome and were eventually asked to leave. Funny, I was surprised it took them so long to say our sitting there just wasn't going to work out for them anymore and that they wanted to make room for someone else. But at least somebody said it. (Oh snap)
Anyhow, nice place, nice meal, and I will certainly return at some point for the brunch.
Before dying alone.Great atmosphere as always on this tucked away little gem. The fireplace in the intimate upstairs dining room is a nice touch. I really enjoy the fact that despite it's small size the restaraunt is very quiet. I began with the lamb ribs and with tomato relish, truth be told once i caught a whiff of the smoker outside my mind was made up before I saw the menu. I had an heirloom tomato salad in between my app and entree. The salad was crisp and light with three different tomatos.i finished up with the sea scallops mostly because I wanted something light after the lamb ribs. Both my date and I were shocked at the size of the apps almost entree size. I finished the night with a lovely pound cake with blue berry compote.
I have a place in my heart for patois this is where I go when I need to have a romantic date. Fits the bill perfectly.Try the gnocci appetizer! It rocks! It was the best part of our meal - next to our drinks! :)
The succotash that comes with the rabbit entree is awesome (rabbit was just ok - it tastes like fried chicken). The sun dried tomatoes that come with the gulf shrimp and homemade fettuccine were delicioso (shrimp just ok)!
Drinks were very good. Try the Fleur de Lis. :)
Desserts: We tried the chocolate gateau and the ginger bread pudding. Both were ok but nothing special. The gateau was a dark chocolate flourless cake accompanied by a dark chocolate pudding and some vanilla ice cream. The cake was very dense and DRY. You really have to love dark chocolate to enjoy this one! The bread pudding was ok. It came with toasted sugared pecans which were quite tasty and with some vanilla ice cream which was covered in a caramel sauce. The ice cream was the best part of the dessert!
Service was very good!
Noise level was pretty high but that's NOLA!
Our first time there. Definitely will give them another try sometime.
Overall 3 1/2 to 4 stars.As someone else mentioned, the menu was different than on their website, but I personally think its a good thing that they are adjusting their menu on a seemingly daily basis.
Brunch was very good.  I got the rabbit dish and the rest of my table got the pulled pork dish.  I tasted the pulled pork and it was amazing.  My rabbit was very good, but it was a really heavy brunch dish.  I still enjoyed it though.  
I will definitely go back one day.Been going to Patois since its inception, and I can never get enough.  The food is always fantastic!  And there is always something new and different on the menu.  I highly recommend the gnocchi!Went for brunch without reservation and they were very accommodating even though they were very busy. The shrimp and grits were phenomenal! And the pork dish was also delicious! Wonderful overall experience! Looking forward to going back for dinner.This is just the most charming, delicious, friendly little gem of a spot. The space is clean and simple and cozy with a gorgeous old bar as the centerpiece. The service is impeccable -- friendly, informative, thoughtful. Then the food. I might kill someone for the gnocchi starter. But then I wouldn't be around to order the amazing duck confit salad or rabbit. All so, so delicious. Can't wait to go back!Reveillon menu for December 2019 was on fire!  But beforehand, the cocktails are a requirement along with a fresh bottle of Bordeaux.  There were 3 options to choose from to make up the 4 course meal.  For round one had the escargot & rabbit pate.  The escargot was plump and savory.  The pate was accompanied well with the milk stone ground mustard, pickle and very thin toast crisps.  Everything was balanced and not overpowering. 
 For the 2nd round we had a Rabbit gumbo & Arugula Salad.  The roux was very dark and quite intense with deep savory notes.  The rabbit was delicious; but it could use something lighter (such as shrimp) to break up the intensity.  But the cup of gumbo was awesome.  The Salad was quite refreshing, maybe even more with the gumbo.  The 3rd course included the Scallops & duck breast.  Perfection on all fronts.  The scallops were light and delicious.  The duck was meaty and tasted like the prize bounty.  The dessert round was bread pudding and chocolate sorbet.  Both delicious but our stomachs were quite full and only had half.  Overall a very amazing experience with excellent service.  We left full but not overdone.Nice neighborhood place. I enjoyed the boudin stuffed chicken very much but the grilled octopus was a little strange. Great wine list, nice service.Love this place for dinner. When you see the rabbit gumbo on the menu, get it.  Expect to take up some eating room with the delicious warm brioche brought to your table at the start of the meal.  Only downside here is that the place can get a little loud.  BUT, food is too good to let that drag the place down to four stars.  Five stars here, no brainer.I went here for Coolinary and the food was delicious. It is a cute restaurant in the middle of a neighborhood. While the food was good I felt like the entree portion was a little smaller than it should've been. I ordered the curried cauliflower, the shrimp, and the peach ice cream. 
-Curried Cauliflower: the curried cauliflower was INCREDIBLE. My favorite part of the meal. It was deliciously prepared and on a bed of tzatziki. I would definitely recommend this dish if you go here. 
-Shrimp: the shrimp was good but felt like a small entree portion, maybe because it was a coolinary dish but I felt it could've been more generous. 
-Peach ice cream: the ice cream was fresh and had chunks if peaches in it. I really enjoyed it! 
Overall, great service and tasty food!Wish I could give it 6 stars. This is a great place to take your significant other out on a date. The pork tenderloin dish with the elote salad and beans was very flavorful and cooked to perfection. Overall, dining at this restaurant was a special experience. It is expensive, but well worth it. You are paying for high quality service and extraordinary meals. Also, it's a clean restaurant in a quiet neighborhood surrounded by beautiful homes.Came to New Orleans on a foodie trip and Patois came strongly recommended. My wife made reservations with a note of gluten intolerance. They personally marked their menu with all that she could have. That small detail was appreciated! Then the food came out....unbelievable. Thank you for hosting us. Looking to bring others with us next time we visit.I dined at Patois to celebrate my delayed 2020 graduation and it was a wonderful experience. The food was amazing! The service was excellent! 
The restaurant was unique and you can tell that great care was taken with detail. 
We ordered appetizers: deviled eggs and fried cauliflower , entrees: fish, dessert : chocolate boudini. 
I truly enjoyed the experience and will be back.Cauliflower was amazing. It was perfectly cooked and not overly fried. The curry flavors came through and were delicious. The linguini was also really good the tomato sauce was excellent. It also came with large chunks of Parmesan which made the dish. The shavings of basil were also a nice touch.
For dessert I had the biscuit bread pudding which came with ice cream, caramel and walnuts. It was the perfect size and I loved every bite of my meal!It doesn't get any better than this. I went with my dad and my husband for the Coolinary dinner menu. Among the three of us, we tried the beet bruschetta, gumbo, mussels with fries, grilled gulf shrimp, bread pudding, and passion fruit sorbet. OH MY WORD. Every last bite of every single dish was sensational. The service was fantastic and the ambiance was nice and inviting. We give Patois a 10/10 and cannot wait for our next visit!This place was charming but the food was just good, not great. Our waiter didn't even know what was in the poivre sauce and misguided us. The noise level was out of this world so if you want quiet and romantic, forget about it. They certainly could invest wisely in some attractive acoustic tiles. Yelling at your lover over a two top isn't my idea of a fun night out. 
Sweet breads were over over breaded and over-cooked. 
The cocktails were just ok. 
Overall, a lot of money for not a lot of fun. 
The neighborhood is quite sweet.Very nice restaurant on the tight size as far as room goes, but has a warm neighborhood feel to it.  Great menu and the food was excellent overall .  Our server was very nice and for the most part helpful, with one exception.   I ordered the Culinary Menu (3 course meal) with 2 options for every course. For my first course I barely glanced at it a chose the soup over some kind of bread.  The soup I ordered was Roasted Cauliflower & Potato Curry Soup.  My soup came out and it didn't taste or look like what I was expecting.  I told the waiter before even taking a bite that it looked to be the other soup being offered on the normal menu and not the soup on the Culinary Menu...again, not the cauliflower/potato soup I ordered.  He told me that there wasn't a cauliflower/potato soup on the Culinary menu.  I had glanced at the menu when I ordered the soup.  I was quite sure I had ordered that and he said the culinary menu and normal dinner menu had the same soup...only difference was I was paying less.  I didn't much believe him but didn't press the fact.  Soup wasn't my favorite as I don't like sweet potatoes or coconut milk.  Anyway upon leaving I grabbed a menu and looked at it.  Sure enough, it read Roasted Cauliflower and Potato Curry Soup. Overall the food was very good and I'll go back.  Just hate I was mislead. I am giving Patois 4 stars instead of 5 bc of this exception.  Might be silly or maybe I'm taking a star away because I feel lied to and I left a generous tip not knowing I had been lied to until I was leaving.One of our favorite meals in New Orleans. We came early and were able to get a seat outside but had we been later it would have been impossible. We had latkes, cauliflower, and almond crusted fish. Everything was wonderful!This is a super belated review.  We happened to be passing through New Orleans one weekend and saw Patois right around the corner.  We were lucky enough to be able to stroll right in and get a table.  The food, the drinks, and the customer service were all phenomenal.  It was our first kid-free night in quite a while and they did a superb job of making us feel special.  5/5I don't give restaurants five stars often but this one deserves it. It's nestled in a residential-seeming neighborhood and has a fancy but homey decor with lovely photos on the wall. We were there for restaurant week so we got an appetizer, entree and dessert for a reasonable price. I got the tomato, watermelon and feta salad. Everything was so fresh and attractively places. The pork and biscuits was to die for. I love eggs Benedict type dishes and this smoked tomato hollandaise sauce blew me away. The pork was cooked perfectly and I appreciated the side of collard greens. I got a bourbon milk punch to accompany my meal and it was delightful. My fiancé's cocktail was good too. We got special desserts because he knows the chef. I was full but it didn't stop me from enjoying my lemon tart with fresh blueberry sauce.Sunday Brunch... what a great way to start the day.
Took my kids and my dad for the first time and they loved it.
Started with the Potato Gnocchi, which had crab, wild mushrooms, edamame , and shaved parmigiano-reggiano.  Also had the Seasonal Gumbo and the Sweet Corn Tamales which had pork green chili, crema and finished it out with a watermelon salad.
For the meal we had the House-ground chuck, American Cheese, Onion, Pickle, Mayo, Bacon & Patois sauce on a brioche bun and I added a fried egg.  It was amazing.. My dad had the Gulf Shrimp & Grits with Tasso, Peppers, and green Onions in a rich Shrimp Veloute, he loved it and so did my daughter.  Both kids had the Classic Breakfast 2 eggs any style, bacon OR sausage, grits OR hash browns, biscuit OR toast both of them enjoyed all of their picks.  
Cannot wait to go backGood Friday brunch-- what a superb idea!  I absolutely love the atmosphere at Patois.  It has an upscale feel to it but it also feels like you are welcome as you are, so I guess you might call it classy casual?  
I ordered a fresh squeezed mimosa, the sweetbreads, and the duck confit salad as my entree. The sweetbreads were nicely cooked with a nice crisp on the outside and the grits were possibly the best I've ever had.  It was accompanied by a smokey crawfish sauce that was perfect with the offal.  The salad was delicious with fennel, walnuts, and apple, but the duck was obviously the star with a crust so crunchy it was like a duck chicharrón.  
The bill was a bit pricey for a salad, an appetizer and a drink ($55 when all was said and done) but we knew that going in.
I had a lovely time with my friends and would recommend Patois to anyone wanting an upscale French meal.This is a nice little neighborhood restaurant around the corner from Clancy's.  The building is a long rectangular shape that is on the smaller side and they have a very tiny outdoor dining space that you can request along with the inside lower and upper dining rooms that you will observe upon entering.  The "lower" room is adjacent to the bar while the "upper" room is entered by climbing a few steps.  Typically this establishment attracts a business casual attire crowd. 
Sometimes the food is fantastic and sometimes it leaves something more to be desired.  One of my biggest disappointments with this place is that they have really small bowls for their soup and when you're paying $8-9 for soup you really deserve to get at least a real bowl and not some small ashtray looking vessel.  The burger here is a nice sized creation and has some good flavor profiles but it unfortunately tends to crumble apart far too easily.  The menu seems to have a great love of bacon as it seems to often figure prominently in many of their dishes.  
Patois is probably best known for their amazing brunch and that is always a great choice here.  They can get a bit over the top with their desserts sometimes and they often have a good selection as an example on my last visit they had a white chocolate bread pudding with candy cane ice cream, creme anglaise, Herbsaint syrup, and macadamia. Personally I prefer the food at nearby Clancy's but this is always a nice option for a change of pace and different ambiance.Great experience. Food was phenomenal. Very tasty dishes. The menu is very creative And executor to perfection. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. Would not hesitate to try some other things on the menu next time I'm in town.Unbelievably good.  Love this place and the local flare.  Great atmosphere and the food is fabulous.   Nice neighborhood feel.Came here today for lunch.  The service was not great.  We told the waitress we are on our lunch hour.  I ordered the cheeseburger.  It was very difficult to eat.  So many onions and it was very greasy.  The sauce they put on it was awful.  It was actually 2 patties.  Too much food.  The fries were good, way too many of them.  My friend got the we live to eat menu.  She ordered the gumbo.  She said it was ok.  She had the catfish and she said it was just ok. We said we wouldn't go back. Not impressed.Really really really wanted to like this place.  Been wanting to go for a while and finally got a reason to do so.  But I don't know what other reviews are talking about. Maybe it was freaky-Friday or something, but our experience was not a good one.  Maybe its more of a brunch place?  We went for dinner.  
To start with, it is a beautiful restaurant, tucked into a nice part of uptown.  The inside is simple and elegant, with soft lighting setting a relaxing mood.  The menu was simple but sufficient.  Nothing too mind blowing but still decent.  It's definitely expensive.  We got the gnocchi and gumbo to start and both were execellent.  
Ordered our main dishes and had a brief chat with the server about how we like out steak medium, even though everyone says it's supposed to be medium rare or rare.  We made a joke of it, and all agreed one should get steak the way they like it.  Steak comes, and its rare.  Still no worries.
 We wait for our server...and wait.  I can see her in the back cleaning glasses.  No other servers around.  I also can't eat my dinner as we wait since that would be rude.  Ten minites later, a server emerges, and right before she goes to her table I quickly ask her if she could get our server.  She puts her had up and says, "in a minute" and proceeds to deal with her table.  A few minutes later our server shows up, takes the steak back, and returns with it later.  My meal is cold and the steak isn't seasoned.  We get the check and I notice that the final bill is $50 less and I think to myself, cool, they knew they messed up and they comped that portion of the meal.  Maybe I will return after all even though the wait and rude server had me believing this was my first and last meal here.
Didn't bother with the dessert menu. I was pissed before the bill got partially comped since I thought I was going to have to pay a premium for bad service in a town like ours, and for overpriced food to boot. So we decided to head out to get dessert at Sucre and after dessert I notice I have some vms from an unknown number (phone was on silent).  First vm from patois and I think "wow...they are calling to appologize...that is really stand up."  Nope.
 They called to tell me they got the bill wrong and please call them back.  Second vm was the same.  Third vm was that they were going to charge my card the total amount (did I authorize that?).  It's apparently the three stooges over there.  Everyone is allowed to have a bad night but...damn!!
Its a nice neighborhood restaurant, but there are about 15 others uptown.  I"ll be going to those.  I"ll pay premium but the menu and service has got to be there.  Menu was basic and service was awful.  Carrollton Market and Brigtsens are closer to me anyways.My book club enjoyed a fabulous brunch. The craft cocktails were both creative and beautiful. 
We shared the pancake for the table and each person greatly enjoyed their individual entrees. Planning to come back very soon for dinner!!We ordered two appetizers, the gnocchi and the deviled crab dip, and they were both delicious. The wild boar and duck gumbo was great. The "Snickers" dessert was the perfect end to the meal.
However, our entrees were a HUGE let down. I had the skirt steak and asked for medium well and got burnt in the outside and bloody inside. The potatoes were oddly sweet. My husband got the lamb shank and it tasted so overwhelming like lemon it was almost like eating cleaner. The table next to us ordered the fish and it smelled so bad that we were grateful for the mediocre entrees we ordered.
Glad we tried it but we'll never go back.Don't know what happened here but tonite we had a terrible meal . Been here many times before but this was uniformly bad fare.
Service was good but the dishes were terrible. A bolognese appetizer looked like it was cooked yesterday with the pasta hard and dry at
The edges. Two servings of pecan crusted trout were not only way over cooked but tasted far from fresh and sorely in need of a sauce.
The hanger steak was shoe leather on top of some soggy vegetables. Disappointing to say the least. Waiter was great.What a gem to have in the neighborhood!  
Had an early Father's Day dinner for three last night and loved it. No seats at the bar and sparse landscape for seating, but that's life in the age of the pandemic. I started the evening with a wonderful Manhattan at one of the outdoor tables.
We were promptly seated in the upper level comfortably distant from other diners. We started with three wonderful appetizers to share around: potato gnocchi, pate, and heirloom tomato salad. We loved all three with the gnocchi a table fave. 
For entrees we had the skirt steak with spinach and sweet potatoes and eggplant Parmesan. Both soil satisfying. We accompanied the entrees with a bottle of Vending Machine's 2016 Double Shotgun - a credible wine with a nice local connection. 
Since it was a special occasion, we finished up with bread pudding, berry pie and chocolate cake. The bread pudding isn't traditional NOLA, but I thought very inventive and just right to top off an excellent meal. 
Thanks to the Patois team for my first eat-in dinner since the pandemic started. We will be back soon!CAN IT GET ANY BETTER?
It's 1PM on a hot August Friday afternoon with storms threatening, most folks are still at work wishing they were already gone for the weekend. And I, one of the very few, am snug under the AC at the Patois Bar sipping on an Old Fashioned. My vacation began an hour ago.
OUTSTANDING DARK ROUX
On the seafood gumbo with charred okra (see pic). It is part of this year's best $20 Coolinary lunch. The 12 ounce prime beef cheeseburger with house pickles and dressing was delicious and two meals.I was expecting really good food here looking at all the reviews. Unfortunately I was pretty disappointed. The best thing here was the great service we got. And BFF's Amaretto Sour was made to please! Would come back here only for drinks. 
We ordered the Chicken Fried Sweet Breads appetizer and for it being $16 was so not worth it. Dislike! 
I ordered the Boudin Stuffed chicken and it was good but not something I would want to order again.
BFF ordered the Gulf Fish Almondine and it was good. 
Let's just say, for this place being really expensive, it's definitely not worth coming to unless you have lots of money to blow. I always say it's worth trying at least once so that you'll know. But the service was great!This is a great Treat Yourself restaurant. I went for Sunday brunch with my foodie friend. It's her favorite restaurant for dinner and wanted to try the brunch. I am so happy we went. They have the best fresh squeezed orange juice for mimosas, we went for the bottle and mixed it ourselves. Great choice. We started with the potato gnocchi and it was absolutely perfection, like little perfect pillows. I had the Cuban madame with fries, it blew me away, was so so good! My friend ordered what was on the menu as pork belly hash but ended up being pastrami hash and they added cabbage and it was phenomenal. The restaurant is set in an old house uptown and has a really relaxing look and the way they work their menu was really impressive.Patois is a super cute, local restaurant located in the heart of Uptown. I have been meaning to come here for years, so restaurant week 2021 provided a great excuse to finally go. We did the pre-fixe menu and got the gumbo, salmon beignets, pork chop, and rice pudding. The gumbo and beignets were excellent. The pork chop was super flavorful and came with great sides. I ate the leftovers for lunch the next day and they were just as good then. The rice pudding dessert was very light and refreshing for a hot summer night. The frozen watermelon drink was exceptional and I am usually not a big frozen drink person. I went on a Thursday night and it was busy, so I definitely recommend making a reservation.Blah.
Honestly would have gone with a 2 star rating if it wasn't for the varied opinions in our party.
First of all, it was far as _____!
We were staying on Canal near Bourbon and it was quite a hike from there. 
The restaurant sits on a corner the middle of nowhereland, surrounded by homes. It is adorable and looks like a gutted house converted into a restaurant. Checked in and got seated right away.
The first thing I noticed was that it was hot. Temperature varied all night but never got cooler than, I would say, 77/78. Our table was all the way in the back in the upper section. It is really cute and quaint. The diners were very well dressed with most men wearing a sports coat/jeans mix and ladies mostly in dresses. Elegant yet casual vibe throughout. 
Wine list is mostly made up of French selections. No usual good West Coast suspects to be found. We started with the octopus and gnocchi. They were OK. Ate it because I was hungry but nothing I will dream about or crave to have ever again. 
The cheese plate was spectacular as was the plating. Kudos there! 
The fettuccine was bland in my taste but my husband really dug it. Not sure why. The scallop was also uneventful though the risotto and corn fritter it came with were really good. Others in our party had the ribs, lamb and duck and opinions were also similar: bland. 
Service was great. Our waiter was patient with our rowdy table so that's always good to have. 
Dessert was a big fail and probably why I would give it 2 stars given I am big on happy endings. Food people! Talking about food right now. A place with bad dessert is a no go for me. We figured we would try the Creole Cream Cheese ice cream, bread pudding and chocolate crepe. A-L-L-A-V-E-R-A-G-E. What gave us the biggest laugh was the Creole cream cheese ice cream. Let's see. It tasted like icy textured cream cheese. You could have called it cream cheese ice cream without the "Creole" in front of it and that would have been good enough. Adding the Creole to us meant it would have some kind of twist or highlight. Nope. Just cream cheese ice cream. White, plain and boring. Add some fruit to it and then we "begin" to  talk about it being a good dessert. Very disappointing. 
The bathrooms have these double tiny doors that don't latch correctly. You feel like you are a second away from someone walking in on you or from them flying open. 
When we were done they were nice to call us a cab for our journey back to the hotel area. If I lived there I would certainly give them another chance to make a first impression. Since I don't, I can tell you that if I ever visit NOLA again I will not make that effort!We sat at the bar for dinner. Myself and a guest arrived 10 minutes after open and told we could not be accommodated with a table (contrary to what we were told at 3:30 when we called). The bar is tiny. Only fits 4 stools and the bar lip is not deep enough, so you can need to spread your legs to get close to your food, or better yet stand. Either way my back is a bit stiff now. 
   Two bartenders tending drinks for the entire place which slows things down even for the full (4 people) bar. We ordered three apps, two entrees and a dessert. FYI the website pictures and menu are not updated so don't bother looking. 
   The lobster spaghetti app was presented well but the spaghetti was chalky and had a "too much flour" taste, they could lose the cheap caviar on top as it did nothing, not even add saltiness to the dish ($19) not worth it. The gnocchi were huge which lended to a mound of potato pasta in your mouth, not horrible but should be smaller and the cream sauce was plentiful which smothered the mushrooms and their taste. Finally in the app section we ordered the octopus...please do not waste  your money. If you have had properly cook octopus (SABA for example) you will be terribly disappointed here; too much oil on the dish, very chewy, even had a hint of fishy taste to it. It's served as "hot cast iron skillet" with octopus legs and veggies, too much fresh mint leaves thrown on top, ALL drowning in oil" and not in a good way.
   Dinner: the double cut pork chop...again if you have had this done well (Houstons, Toups, etc) again another disappointment here. It's is smoked here (to be fair we did noticed the smoker outside the building this afternoon. The chop tastes overly brined and the smokiness just added to the extra flavors that mask the lost taste of a well cooked double chop. The garnish; Lima beans, greens, carrots...eh not bad but not worth writing any more about. Next the Steak frites; rouse recommenced medium rare (of course thank you). Extremely standard dish, two more seconds on the fire would have made less chewy, left three pieces on the plate as We couldn't get past the chewing, fries again standard and on the dry side, not worth ordering again.
   Dessert: A bad dessert for me will ruin a place. This place was wasn't doing well for us the whole time but dessert def takes the cake in a bad way. We tried the Kings Cake Pain Perdu. This is a overbaked dried out cheap Cinnamon bun which a king cake baby hidden inside, drizzled with caramel sauce, pecans etc etc. two bites was all I could handle from the cinnamon bun that tastes like it was baked last week, i kept it in my fridge and felt like a cinnamon bun today so microwaved it, let it cool, then decided to bake it again and forgot it in oven so it got dried out and chewy at same time.
   The place did get full though two tables remained open until we left (why we could not sure I do not know). Seems like a place the locals (within 4 block radius) can easily walk to and have come to love (accept), but for those of you in uptown, garden, Carrolton, etc...not worth the drive.
   This place has potential to be a great spot with great food. Location is great, but the kitchen needs to show more love. I always recommend owners and their families come in for a meal and sit at bar, sit at shitty table and order off the menu...keep it real and address your shortcomings.
   Would not return until menu and dish prep updatedWe've been to Patois a number of times - for lunch on Fridays and brunch on Sundays. My family came to town and we raved so much about the place we decided to go to dinner on a Saturday. What a terrible experience and I'll never go back. We arrived at 8pm, ordered appetizers and drinks very quickly. We ordered our meals before we got the apps - and then the apps  came out within 10-15 minutes, but the drinks lagged behind the apps by about 10 mins. The apps weren't as good as when we had the same items at lunch or brunch, but we figured it was because they werre so busy and it was Sat. We had nearly finished our apps before the drinks arrived. Then we waited and waited for our entrees. At 9:10 I told the host we had been waiting over 40 minutes for dinner. Around 9:15- 9:20 dinner finally arrived. No one mentioned it was very late and no one apologized. We ate dinner and ordered desserts and coffee and then asked for the check. We got the check which included the coffees but not the desserts - we thought perhaps they were comping them since we spent nearly $400 on dinner. When we got the credit card slip to sign - $40 had been added to the check (all the desserts plus tax), which put the bill at over $420. . We paid the check (which included a pre-added 18% tip) and left. I went back in after my family to tell the host I was so disappointed and couldn't believe no one had come over to apologize. He then had the unbelievable nerve to tell me "I checked the ticket myself and it was only 25 minutes". Obviously the waiter had dropped the ball and put in our order much later than we actually ordered. I explained that we arrived at 8pm and didn't get our meals until after 9:15. So sad that a place with potential to be excellent doesn't know how to handle things when there is a problem. Couldn't believe this guy was arguing with me - so snarky and totally rude. Very very disappointing.What a beautiful day to brunch and a beautiful spot to enjoy. Patois is all the French feels nestled in the heart of the Audubon area. My brunch group enjoyed an amazing brunch here today with amazing service. Our server Caylen [hope I spelled that correctly] was welcoming, professional, knowledgeable and personable. He definitely got the full Brunchin Babes Nola experience because when we get together, we're an experience within itself. The food and drinks were amazingly presented and executed. Flavorful, eye catching and satisfying. We thoroughly enjoyed our brunch experience here and look forward to returning for lunch or dinner.Came recently for my birthday. We got a great table in the corner far away from others. Perfect cute, casual atmosphere. Great cocktails. Appetizers were delicious especially the gnocchi and mussels. The scallops were perfectly cooked and had great accompaniments. Coconut tart for dessert- perfect. Server was friendly and so was the bartender. Loved the atmosphere! Will be back.i really liked their seafood gumbo. it also came with homemade bread which was amazing. Drink was good too. The atmosphere was very cute and calming and rustic inside. It's kind of an interesting place because it is nestled in a residential area but definitely a romantic date night spot for sure.I don't know what it was...mid summer blahs or what....but I just took a party of 3 there on a Wednesday, when we were only 1 of 3 tables in restaurant and had lousy timing on everything. Waitress was OK, but empty plates ended stacked up on table by us in passive-aggressive mood. Food decent instead of great, and appreciate them making me a vegetarian entrée, but bad experience from a usually great place.We went here for Valentine's Day! My Fiancé found this place and surprised me. I had never heard of it, and I am someone who does extensive research on restaurants all across the city. The restaurant is not huge at all which gives it a romantic feel. For drinks we got the Doctor's orders and the Patois punch. They were both awesome!! 
As for appetizers I had to have the grilled shrimp, while my fiancé opted for the gumbo. The shrimp were juicy and flavorful, while the gumbo had an amazing roux. Some of the best gumbo in the city. 
For entrees we got the butter crusted grouper and the veal piccata. The grouper has this AMAZING SAUCE. I don't even know how to describe it. Just get it, it is the best fish I have ever had. 
However, my veal piccata was supbar. It was very dry.... I have had better piccata at the Cheesecake Factory honestly.  Which is the reason for the four stars. There were no Valentine's specials or anything that made  it extra romantic.  
Oh I almost forgot about the bread!!! The bread is to die for! It is pillowy and crisp and a little sweet. Dip it in the shrimp sauce for a great time!!!!Bad business :( we were excited to have Sunday brunch and arrived at 2:15. The sign on the front door said they were open until 2:30. We were met by a waitress who told us they were closed. I pointed to the sign which clearly said I had 15 minutes to spare. She just shrugged and and said that they close at 2. I suggested she change the sign. And I also suggest she change her attitude. It's a small town but there are a lot of dining options. Unfortunately, I won't be back to patois.I have eaten here 3 times and have always been pleased. Save room for dessert.  
The service is on spot and outside eating on the quiet neighborhood street recently was perfect.Where to begin with the review of Restaurant Patois?
This restaurant embodies everything you would want a New Orleans restaurant to be.
The atmosphere is impeccable, and the staff is incredibly attentive.
Upon arrival and being seated, I ordered an Old Fashioned.
Not a difficult drink to do well, but difficult to do THIS WELL.
It set a benchmark, that the following evening just kept moving up, and exceeding.
For our meal, we started with the Pork Belly app, which was simply astounding.
I mean, truly a religious experience.
Then moved on to the Mississippi Rabbit Entre (stuffed with boudin, wrapped in crispy chicken skin & served with roasted sweet potatoes, Tasso braised kale & a Creole mustard jus)
This was an almost, transcendent experience.
And, as if not wanting t be topped, my table had a few deserts, which I will attempt to do justice with merely in the written word.
The desert simply called "Snickers, hmmm, beautiful. The Brown Sugar Cake, the CarameL Chocolate Mouse, and Chocolate sauce, topped with a beautiful, understated Chocolate Sorbet. Chocolate so dark, that the ambient light in the room could not escape it's surface.
The Peanut Butter Cup, beautiful not too sweet Peanut butter/ Chocolate cup, with a pretzel cup and Guinness Ice Cream. In my humble opinion, if I could order this with the Chocolate Sorbet, it would be a veritable Gastrogasm, but I digress.
And not to forget the Petite Waffle, the macerated berries, mascarpone butter, lemon curd ice cream, Bliss bourbon maple syrup all played nicely with the little waffle that accompanied it. Nice, light, fresh and not to be missed.
Whether you are a local, or a tourist here for a visit..
Do not miss this establishment.
The food will not leave you wanting, and the desert are not to be missed..
Thanks to the Pastry Styling of the amazing Lisa Gustafson - Alessandro
That's my review of this true gem and NOLA landmark establishment..This restaurant should be on the list of places you must hit in NOLA! Kinda sad yet kinda glad I don't live nearby. I'd be here all the time, and I'd be three sizes larger. 
Silly us ordered garlic fries to begin, thinking we'd somehow not get enough food (not true.) Could have probably just eaten 20 or 30 orders of the fries. They were gone before our poor server could come back with the aoli. So she brought us more. Love her.
Started with special Southern Won Ton Soup. This was fusion that worked. pork wontons, with green in a rich broth, flavored with spices. So good.
Crispy Duck Confit Salad. Not so much a salad as an amazing appetizer. I went to pick up this yummy duck leg off the plate and the meat completely fell off, leaving me holding a bone. The arugula and pickled peach vinaigrette were the perfect complements.
Mississippi Rabbit: stuffed w boudin, wrapped in crispy chicken skin & served w sweet potatoes, braised kale & a Creole mustard jus. Perfect balance of so many flavors. The rabbit was incredibly tender, cooked perfectly, and the flavor of the boudin and the skin rounded it out. 
 Our table ordered a couple deserts, which were lovely. Raised to a new level by the handmade truffles our server brought with our check. Did I mention we love her? 
Highly recommend a visit. Or two. Maybe more.Patois was a wonderful restaurant to go to for a Valentine's Day date! It had a wonderful neighborhood but also sophisticated vibe that made it so lovely and romantic. My boyfriend and I tried the duck confit, the sweet potato gnocchi, the lamb ribs and the pork chop entrée. We absolutely loved every dish we ordered! To start off, our appetizers were the sweet potato gnocchi and the grilled lamb ribs. The sweet potato gnocchi was the perfect texture and had a wonderful sweet taste and was mixed with brussels sprouts and mushroom. Lamb ribs were super juicy and it was hard to even tell that the meat was lamb, as it was not very gamey at all; the meat was extremely tender and had a perfect ratio of fat versus lean meat. The duck confit was incredibly delicious and I literally teared up when I took the first bite because it was delectable! If you are at patois, you MUST get the duck confit. The meat was perfectly tender and juicy, complemented with a crispy outer skin. The salad was perfectly complementary to the duck and had like a little kick to it with the pepper. The pork chop was also wonderfully tasty and had a crispy outer surface and the potatoes were just cooked perfectly. The service there was also on point. At one point our table started wobbling. Within the next five minutes a server came by and said "Oh I noticed your table was wobbly let me put a wedge under it for you" and fixed it immediately! Highly recommend coming to patois if you're looking for a romantic date or just a nice dinner with a group of friends. Definitely a meal worth celebrating over!!The first thing that comes to mind is that it's got an energetic atmosphere.  That means though that it will be hard to converse with your dining companions. 
It was a busy Sunday brunch service.  In fact, it took the waitress 15 minutes to notice our small coffee cups were empty and to ask if we wanted more, then another 5 before it came.  Rookie!  Also, 20 minutes after our plates were cleared, the dessert menus were brought over.  There's really no reason for such delayed service, given the rather small dining room. 
I ordered the Belgian waffle with mascarpone cream and strawberries, which is momentous because usually savory wins over sweet with me when it comes to brunch time.  Flavorful, bright components led to my annihilation of the antioxidant-packed meal.Overall: Not horrible, but for that price there are better options uptown.  l doubt I'll return. 
Pros: The steak and kabobs and gnocchi were all excellent. (Really good!) Wine selection was good.  Staff seemed mostly friendly. Nice atmosphere. 
Cons: Service was way too slow, especially for such a small place and it wasn't crowded for dinner. Waiters are not very attentive.  Waited about 1.5 hours for the entrees and the whole experience lasted about 3 hours for just apps, salad, and entree. We usually had to waive the waiter down for a drink or other service.  Prices are a little high. All three of us had to send back our gumbo after one bite, which was not good and tasted burned (and they still charged us for it). We weren't able to order dessert because dinner took too long to come out and we were rushed to keep our after dinner plans.This is one of my new favorite places.  It took us too long to make our first visit, but we remedied that by going back two weeks later. 
LOCATION: Off the beaten path in the heart of an Uptown residential neighborhood.  We didn't have trouble finding street parking within two blocks on either visit.
ATMOSPHERE: In a beautiful old residence, with a nice bar and tables in the now-enclosed former porch, and other dining room up and in.  The feel is a great mix of hip, romantic, classical white-linen elegance and yet quaint rusticity.  Men won't feel out of place in suit and tie or politely casual.
DRINKS: Solid wine list, full bar, really fun rotation of very inventive specialty cocktails.
FOOD: To die for.  The Lobster Spaghetti appetizer is one of the best dishes available at any restaurant in greater New Orleans.  Had it both times and it knocked our socks off.  The cast iron sizzling octopus appetizer was also out of this world.  Loved the crispy duck confit salad, too.  On out last trip, my wife ordered the gulf fish almondine for her entrée (it was drum that day), and I ordered the steak frites.  They were both fabulous.
SERVICE:  Superb.  On our first trip to Patois back in November, we arrived early and were happily having drinks at the bar when they informed us that, although we had reservations, a table indoors was not ready at the appointed time (some prior guest were ordering many bottles - I actually appreciated that they didn't have their dinner or further drinks rushed). We were offered the option of sitting outdoors or at the bar, or waiting for the earlier party to be done.  We opted for the latter.  It turned into a LOOOONG wait, with me getting ever more excited to get my hands on the night's special, a beef short rib with some sort of peppercorn or horseradish sauce that was getting put together in a smoker on the sidewalk.  My mouth was watering!! Finally, we were seated. I ordered the short rib, of course.  Oh boy!! And just like Charlie Brown, the very last short rib had been ordered by some fella at the bar.  I can't remember, but I might have cried just a little bit.  There was definitely a lip quiver. So I made another choice. Not long afterward, our waiter dropped off a gorgeous plate of lobster spaghetti at our table. "We didn't order that," I said.  "I know," she said, "but we had to do something to make up for your missed short rib."  It was on the house, and it is now my favorite dish in town, as noted above - I'm so glad I didn't get that short rib after all!  Thank you, Patois, for rescuing this foodie from a dreadful disappointment and making the evening a special one after all.
PRICE: On the expensive side, but worth it.
KEY TAKEAWAY: One of my favorite restaurants. Patois is definitely in our rotation now.Not very good and not worth the price.  The food was bland and not exceptional.  One fish dish was tough with inedible parts, which the staff did not correct or even apologize.  You can do much better in New Orleans.  Try the fantastic Martinique Bistro just down the street.Still the best meal around for us.  The menu always changes, the menus items are all so unique mixing traditional and eclectic for the perfect blend.  The octopus and the gnocchi appetizers are amazing.   The eggplant over spaghetti squash is one of the best new entrees we have eaten in the city - not kidding it is that good.  The "Pepper Pimms" drink is a perfect drink that takes the traditional Pimms Cup to a higher level w a spicy kick using jalapeño and gin instead of cucumber and vodka-truly a wonderful combo! I assure you that u won't be disappointed! We really Love Patois!We went to Patois with a group of four and no one was disappointed. The drinks were phenomenal - we had wine and craft cocktails. The cocktails were well done, creative and flavorful. 
We tried the gumbo. It was delicious, but not our favorite in New Orleans but worth having regardless. We were also sold on their smoked duck with carrots. I cannot adequately express how unbelievably good it was. 
After leaving NOLA, a coworker asked where I would recommend during his trip south and without hesitation I told him Patois.The staff are amazing. Very tentative and always filling up your glass when partially empty. The food is phenomenal! Highly recommend the lamb chops as an appetizer (you will not want to share, they are so good). If you are in the mood for a cocktail, I recommend the Shut Up, Summer (refreshing watermelon taste). A little on the pricey side, but you definitely get what you pay for. I only have one little gripe & that's the bench seating. Not a fan of it. Just seems like you are sitting on top of the person next to you and there is no personal space. Other than that, I will definitely be back!!In short: overpriced, blasé dishes and discourteous waitstaff.   Had dinner here with the lady friend for our anniversary. Terrible, terrible service. Honestly I take full advantage of the many fine dining establishments we have in this city and this dinner is cemented in my memory as one of the worst I've ever had, should have taken the misses to McD's shed have been happier, and my wallet too. Mixed up dish after dish, wholly incapable of serving what was ordered or how ordered (both appetizers mixed up, bothe entree, steak served bloody rare when ordered medium well, no bread until end of meal when I realized everyone else was being served bowls full). The menu is tempting, I admit to salivating as I first read it. It was downhill after our first water glass was filled and we unrolled our napkins. Very underwhelmed, in short overpriced, blasé dishes and discourteous waitstaff.One of my favorite places that I ate in NoLa! The crawfish & grits was heaven- could've had 2! My friend said hers was a bit salty but that's grits haha
I also liked my seafood gumbo. I had the salted dove, which wasn't what I expected, but still good. Refreshing and strong, but not too much of a bite. 
I'll definitely be back on my next visit!