My daughter and I spotted Pere Antoine while walking through the French Quarter while my wife and other daughter held our place in line at Preservation Hall.  We decided we would have to come back the next day, especially since my daughter wanted to try the bananas fosters beignet fries.  We're glad we came back.  Of all the beignets we had in NOLA, we thought these were the best, whether with the powdered sugar or with the bananas foster on top of them.  An interesting variation on beignets.The only thing this place has going for it is location & atmosphere. The food is below mediocre. There are much better restaurants in the area. I've had better spinach & artichoke dip at chain restaurants. This tasted watery & it had a pile of unmelted cheddar cheese on top. Not impressed.Skip this place. Great location, our wait person was friendly and got everything right...ok...so why 2 stars? Awful food, shrimp appetizer was wrapped in raw bacon, appetizer trio was small portion of meh dishes (fried green tomatoes were good), crab, spinach, artichoke dip had no crab taste and raw red onion??. Scrambled eggs were barely average, grits were unidentifiable as same, liquidy, lumpy, greasy mess. I mean if you can't do grits right in NOLA get outta town. Oh yeah and $12 drinksI wish I had seen the reviews before entering. The food is just gross. Kraft slices on an egg croissant with only one side filled with eggs. The hash browns were bright yellow from all the margarine and soggy. Water brought to us in cheap plastic cups with straws. Wow. The service sucked. Our waiter treated me like a 12 year old speaking in a condescending rushed manner as if I was a burden. There's a reason there is not a 45 minute wait here.What drew me in was the "cocktails to go" sign. And the realization I had to pee.... Wanted a more upscale cocktail and bathroom than most of the French Quarter spots.... Bathrooms were decent (tho if I were eating there they would freak me out a little.) Got the Voo Doo cocktail - - very delicious. And strong. Well worth the $12Average at best. Bland food. The spicy wasn't spicy and most of the other dishes we ordered had no real favor or personality. Weak, sugary, touristy drinks.... When you're in the Quarter, the bar is set low for good service and quality food unless you eat at the pricier restaurants. This place did not even meet my lowered expectations. Don't spend your money at a place like this were there is just general apathy regarding the food and drink preparation.... Move along! Nothing to see here folks!I had a great fruity drink that had a surprising amount of alcohol in it! The sausage po boy was a little disappointing, there was too much bread and not enough sausage.Great food all the samplers are a must try ask for Kenneth as your waiter he will make your experience!!!The food was pretty bad. The service was so so. The atmosphere was great. My son ordered the hamburger with cheddar cheese no bun.  The quality of the meat appeared to be the lowest level that can be purchased.  They forgot the cheese.  When we mentioned it they took it back into the kitchen, sprinkled some grated cheese on it and returned with the burger with the cheese not melted.  My wife ordered the chicken and sausage gumbo.  They brought her the shrimp or seafood gumbo.  After getting the correct dish, I tasted the soup and it was good.  No complaints on the taste of the soup.  I ordered the jambalaya.  There were three pieces of tiny shrimp from a can on top, the sausage was tough and I barely noticed the chicken.  The flavor of the rice was good although the dish was somewhat on the dry side.  The vegetables were overcooked and mushy. The bill was wrong as they charged for both gumbo soups.  Pere Antoine must not have a good reputation.  The Gumbo Shop had an hour wait and we got right into Pere Antoine.  The one positive note is that we did not have to wait and I really enjoyed the atmosphere.Honestly.. I really do NOT understand how some of the reviews were written here. My lady is VERY particular to what kind of food she eats and how it's prepared (frozen or fresh) and she didn't complain, I was amazed. Came here for dinner and had paneed chicken with Alfredo sauce, delicious. I had my breakfast just now (big easy) and it was delish. Staff is very professional and very friendly . I ate here twice, zero complaints. Might come here again before I leave. Some people on yelp are harsh, but I also can understand personal experiences not being good leading to those types of reviews.Do not go here!!!! The food is not very good!! I had the fried seafood platter and everything was fried so long that it was difficult to chew!!! Service is slow as hell and the tables are so crammed into a small space that you can barely squeeze through. Bad idea to eat here!!!The Nona fish was definitely frozen and tasted fishy. It was also $19 and supposed to have lump crab meat on top which was scarce. The sauce on the Angels on horseback was runny and just ok. The gumbo didn't have much flavor. Atmosphere was nice.Disgusting flavorless garbage - so sad the only meal I had in New Orleans that was that bad - avoid this place - don't go - the staff was slow and unfriendly they were annoyedAccidentally stumbled in this place for dinner. Wasted 20$ on fish and 15 $ on rice and beans. Simply not good!Beau was an exceptional server! A true gentleman who checks back frequently on his tables. The jambalaya was great and a decent sized portion. Loved the atmosphere and swiftness of the service. You have to try the bananas fosterWe passed by this restaurant and it was really crowded.  So we stopped in for lunch.  I wish we would have yelped this restaurant first.  The food was terrible and so was the service.  After about thirty minutes our entrée arrived and then the soup after the entree.  They could have kept the food.  It did not taste good.  It tasted as if they had just put a can of tomatoes, chicken, and rice in a dish with no spices. There was no flavor at all.  My husband's seafood dish was tasted equally as bland.  The gumbo was rice and protein in a broth with no flavor.  I'm sad this was my last meal in New Orleans  after all the amazing meals we had in New Orleans this one  was lacking in any flavor.Stopped in today for lunch between the bands at the festival at Congo Square. We put in our name and for a party of 2 the wait was about 15 mins , normal , so stayed .
Once seated, we waited . When server arrived we were ready to order . She only wanted drink order but said we were ordering all as long wait for her to come over . One draft beer and two salads , one with fried oysters . Apparently the fried oysters made our order take forever. Granted a Saturday afternoon , 1:00 ish . But , it was the longest wait for food I can remember . 
The oysters were good , Cesar ok and the chef /truly ok at best .  The tomato was the smush to top it off . We have been once before , sat at bar , enjoyed a cocktail and appetizers , so why not try lunch .
We tried and will not return for food.I came here with my friends while visiting New Orleans because it was conveniently located while we were walking around the area. The scenic patio looked amazing so we decided to give it a try. The open window patio makes it a great place for people watching. I ordered the Jambalaya Omelette with grits and paired it with a mimosa. It took  quite some time to receive our food but our waiter was courteous and attentive to our table. The Jambalaya Omelette was good but the shrimp in the omelette didn't look fresh and the grits tasted bland.Food was okay, but served luke warm and took forever. Wine was delivered in a plastic cup. Over priced for what you get. Would not recommend.Awesome gluten free friendly restaurant in the French Quarter!  Good food!  Good Times!My fiancée and I stopped here for dinner and we're looking for something a little better than all the fried food found in NOLA. This place was pretty good! He got the pasta with Alfredo sauce. The sauce was a bit watered down but there were lots of veggies in his dish. I got he BBQ shrimp and it was more Cajun than BBQ but still pretty tasty.  We had a nice, light and airy French bread. The service was great and the servings were just the right amount.I LOVE THIS PLACE. In the middle of the Quarter on Royal St. I found this place 3 years ago and it has become the FIRST place I go to everytime I land in NOLA for a vacation. I'm in love with the Mardi Gras Pasta dinner plate and guilty to say I only order this so I can't rave about the rest of the menu. Whether alone or with people, I always sit at the bar because their bartenders make you feel like family the minute they set eyes on you. Comfortable with great southern hospitality. The staff and manager Josh that I met my weekend stay gave me great service, awesome conversation and local recommendations for other food to check out in the city. Never disappoints.From the sounds of what people said about this place it seemed like a hit or miss. For us it was a hit. We came at around 715pm - right after our 5pm ghost tour. We got seated right away and had great service. Our server was a guy named Joseph. He was extremely helpful when we were trying to choose our dishes, since Creole food offers a wide variety of flavors. We ended up ordering the Creole Sampler and the Blackened catfish topped with crawfish. I highly suggest that if it's a date night, try to order something extremely different from your significant other so that you can share. Both dishes were awesome!!! The creole sampler itself is great because of variety plus it came with bread pudding dessert that we got to share. I'd definitely be back again.We had a good meal and the service was fast. They get a 3 instead of 4 because the food was good but not exceptional. Still, the omelets and grits were tasty and hit the spot. Plus they are gluten- free friendly.If there is only one thing you eat at this place eat the barbecue crab legs in the appetizer platter. It's Louisiana style barbecue which was amazing . All their food was good and reasonably priced. Loved it.The atmosphere was cool with open windows looking into the quarter, but that's where the pros end.  The bacon on our Angels on Horseback was basically rare, the catfish in the Catfish Acadiana was way overcooked, and the Red Bean omelette had very undercooked eggs.  The double mimosa was alright, but very weak.  The brandy milk punch was gone in 3 sips and obviously not homemade. 
Our server was nice, but overall the service and food presentation was slow.Absolutely horrible!!! Not only were the burgers extremely dry and bland our waiter was as well. The french fries tasted as if they were fried with beignets. The catfish was not seasoned and neither were the shrimp. To seal the deal on the horrible food and service...overpriced!!Food was mediocre tourist food and service was slow - only bc very few waiters and a ton of people. It looks super quaint but it is a hole. Took 30 minutes to get a drink and got  our appetizer oyster shooters well after meal. Charles was working but only person serving and it took a toll. The food was blah. My ettouffe had literally 8 baby tails.What's better than a beignet at cafe du monde in the morning? Beignet fries at night! These were delicious and I actually prefer them because they're easier to eat and slightly less messy. You do have to like bananas though.We stopped here for dinner while wandering around the French Quarter. The service was good; the host wasn't particularly welcoming, but our server, David, was great. He showed off his language skills--French, Spanish and Italian--while we were ordering and when he came to check on our table. 
We ordered the Gumbo Deux--seafood gumbo and chicken and sausage gumbo--and the shrimp and oyster po'boy. Both were quite good. The oysters were excellent and the gumbos were delicious. We'll come again when next we are in town!You have to try the catfish oyster Po boy combo.  Came out hot as well as very meaty French fries.  Worth the moderate price.Good service but I was not a fan of the food at all. I got some pasta thing with a creole sauce and it was just bland and tasted like nothing. The servers were very friendly but the food just wasn't up to par in my opinion. Cute place and nice atmosphere thoughTerrible food. Didn't even eat my meal and was charged full price..do your tastebuds a favor and go to Tableau just down the way. Thank me laterTwo words: TOURIST TRAP.  The only thing this place has going for it is location & atmosphere. The food is below mediocre. There are much better restaurants in the area. I've had better spinach & artichoke dip at chain restaurants. This tasted watery & it had a pile of unmelted cheddar cheese on top. Not impressed.It was POURING rain as we passed Pere Antoine. Kenneth (a member of the wait staff) called out to us as we passed and we decided lunch was the refuge we wanted from the deluge. He seated us at a lovely table by a window, where we were able to people watch. 
Drinks: 
* Top Shelf Margarita (the BEST we've ever tasted)
* Voodoo (something) also very good
Food:
* Pinaed Chicken with Linguini Alfredo (very tasty)
* Crawfish Pasta Bayou (amazing! so delish!)
* Pasta with shrimp and crawfish cakes topped with lump crabmeat (I died and went to shellfish eating heaven)
Ask for Kenneth. He was funny, attentive and quick with recommendations on what we should eat/drink. He turned our frowns upsidedown. Definitely our best meal of the weekend.Don't get fooled by the crowd. Ordered the shrimp creole...literally had three tiny shrimps in it. Unbelievable!Liked the open air atmosphere and our service was quick and friendly.   My husband ordered the chicken and sausage gumbo and was disappointed with only one small piece of sausage in his serving.  Nice flavor but lacked sausage and chicken.   He had a sausage po boy which was good.   Fresh bread and toppings on the spicy sausage.   I had a Caesar salad which was dripping with dressing, so not so great. Dressing on the side is a must here.   Prices are comparable to other restaurants in the area.Lunch here was a great finish to our weekend. Food was fantastic and David made the experience a memorable one.We went here on a whim. We were super hungry and the menu looked ok. 
How is it possible to take so many ingredients and just suck the flavor out? It's a shame to have such a beautiful building in the quarter with such a shameful interior and beyond sub par food and decor.Just ordered blackened fish with crawfish. And loved it. I recommend this place. Great customer service. Eat here!We sat down at our table. It took 30 minutes to get someone to bring us water or take our order. After two or three more visits they finally took our order and then we waited another 40 minutes to get our food. The restaurant was half full when we placed the order. Our drinks were empty several times with no service checking on us. And no apology for the slow service. 
The food was good. :)was with friends looking for a low key brunch- typically I go to $$$ or $$$$ places but wanted to just have a quick bite of fuel. 
We stepped in Pere Antoine and the menu was priced reasonably. The beignet fries were a show stopper. Not like cafe du monde but more like funnel cake fries- crunchy rather than fluffy. I enjoyed the breakfast sandwich and got hashbrowns with it.
Food:
Beignet fries
2 turkey clubs on a croissant 
breakfast sandwich, no meat
Drinks:
Bellini
Mimosa
Service:
Kind and attentive. Checked on us a few timesWe stopped in for a quick drink and took a seat at the bar. Kenneth provided us with exactly what we wanted, and he was extremely cordial. We will keep Pere Antoine on our list of places to grab a drink and hopefully explore their menu on our next trip.Great place to eat if you don't have taste buds. Caesar salad overdressed, crab cakes were gummy and tasted like cheap canned tuna. This place should be avoided at all costs.While looking for a lunch spot without a wait this place as wide open ...mistake. After sitting 45 minutes for water we were served by a waiter we saw folding napkins ten minutes before. 
Bbq shrimp were over spiced and covered up any shrimp.
Gumbo flavor was good, probably the best of the trip, but lacked in seafood.
Jambalaya was horrible with no flavor and felt like it was made from a spice mix.
Recommendation: at the bar Gumbo, cocktail and leaveI had a great experience when visiting. We had a fairly large party and they seated us almost immediately. This was surprising since it was so busy. 
The food was delicious. We had an order of the beignets fries. The kids made short work of them. I had the red bean omelette with grits on the side. Let me say that I am not a big red bean or grits person. I figured I'm in New Orleans so eat like the Romans (or something like that). Their grits were creamy possibly cooked with butter or maybe added at the end. I gave them a shake or two of hot sauce and would take a half for of the red bean and cheddar omelette and half grits. Wow. I will definitely be coming back. 
My family definitely had a good experienceFirst time dinner on a Wednesday night, all seats open at the bar.
The weather is heating up, so I'm replacing "red beans" quest with "salad" quest.  Blackened Chicken Caesar was, in a word, great!
Bartender was friendly, CNN not Fox on TV, cool and quiet atmosphere, in my favorite part of the Quarter.
Solid three stars, will add to the regular rotation.The breakfast menu here is impressive. Omelettes, BYO omelette, shrimp & grits, waffles, etc. We were quickly seated on a Tuesday morning when we were famished and in need of breakfast food. 
I had the red beans omelette with grits. The omelette was good but a bit on the watery side (probably due to the beans it was stuffed with). The grits needed a ton of salt but the texture was all there. My boyfriend created his own omelette which was good but his homefries were cold.
Service here is spotty. Our waitress got our drink order, then our food order, then did not stop by until we were almost done with our meal. It seemed the same with the other tables, too. Not a bad spot if you're in the Quarter and need some breakfast but don't expect top notch service.Better off limiting your order to an oyster shooter or a cup of coffee.  Food is not prepared well and overpriced.  There are far too many great restaurants in New Orleans to stop at this one.  In particular, NEVER order the red beans and rice or the roast beef po boy here!horrible food and terrible service.... if i wanted frozen shrimp i could have gone to reb lobsterI think this place is still in business because of it's location. Otherwise, nothing special here. 
Food - Nothing special. You can get better food at restuarants on Frenchman street. 
Service - Eh. Could do better.
Ambiance - The only good thing going for this place. You can sit on tables by the windows and can people watch.
Cleanliness - 2 stars out of 5. Our table was sticky and asked if it could be wiped down but I think our waitress forgot about that. 
Skip this place.Not very impressed with the restaurant. Stopped in for lunch and we could not be seated by the windows (3 different tables open and they were never seated while we were there). We asked and were told no by the hostess. We were sat in the back of the dining room with a lady folding napkins directly next to us. She is mainly the reason for the low rating. She was very disruptive. Kept talking to herself and interacting with other employee's who looked like they were having lunch in the dining room and watching the football game. She kept saying she had anger issues and talked about her bets.... She also kept slamming the table and making loud noises. The food was OK.... Not my favorite by any means. The lunch special - crab and crawfish cake po boy was extremely mushy. The oyster po boy was good. The drinks were good. Waitress was attentive. There are so many better restaurants in the area for the price.Lovely atmosphere. The windows, around most of the restaurant, are great! Sadly, the cook did  not take seafood cooking 101. I ordered the shrimp and grits on Friday night, and was so excited About it! Not a typical fare, in Phoenix, AZ. The grist were good and there was a sauce carrying several small (very small) shrimp, that was super tasty. There were also about a half dozen small to medium tail/on shrimp that had been tossed in to the dish. Those shrimp were rock hard! I mean, I think they were microwaved, they were so nasty and hard!!! Who does that? We are in New Orleans, for goodness sakes. Every cook in the city should know that you cannot overlook shrimp. Unbelievable. Ruined the whole dish for me. Teach your cooks, Pere Antoine! This is basic stuff.Thought it had a nice ambiance, friendly servers, but would say the food was mediocre. I had the New Orleans sampler which had the gumbo which wasn't bad, the red beans was probably the tastiest of the sampler. I thought the shrimp creole wasn't good. The shrimp were tasty but it was basically in can tomato sauce, nothing special that I couldn't replicate at home. The bread pudding was a little too sweet for my liking since it had a cream sauce and caramel on top but the pudding itself would have been good. The specials of the day was shrimp nacho which the bf thought would be tasty but they used the fake cheese sauce and too much of it. It would have been easy and much better melting real cheese over it and putting some red beans on top or something. I'd say the food had some semi-highs and some lows.If we could give it less stars we would. Granted, perhaps our expectations may be higher than some but crawfish etoufee should have some crawfish in it, not what looked like canned shrimp in a brown sauce from a pkg.  No I am not exaggerating. The  jambalaya was at least eatable, but the sausage in it was like fried erasers, and the spice was minimal, and tasted like cannned tomato sauce.  The "steamed fresh" veges were microwaved frozen pieces, and not even warmed through.  The half and half shrimp creole was about a cup of sauce with frozen?canned? shrimp? pieces a cup of plain rice in the middle and the other side was some sort of tasteless mess that wasn't eatable.  Worst restaurant experience in a long time.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS. And apparently we had thought this was antoines, and got pere antoines, capitalizing on the name and same street,  oops!  Well we were fooled once I guess.I strayed away from Yelp with this restaurant and what a mistake that was! Friends and I were interested in the late night dining after a great ghost tour. Our server Jacob was wonderful, really great easy going personality and best of all hospitality. I ordered the crab and spinach dip for an appetizer with the expectation of having a traditional spinach dip with chunks of crab. In reality what I received was a watered down, extremely salty soup with what may have been spinach at one time. The vegetable Alfredo was a mixture of old frozen vegetables and watered down sauce. This restaurant does have a beautiful location, they would be a great candidate for Restaurant Impossible.After wandering in search for a reasonably priced restaurant opened later (past 10pm) on Sunday in the French Quarter, we stumbled upon Pere Antoine. When we first entered the restaurant there was a large congregation of staff in black uniforms just hanging out. In the dining room, there was a large party of French speaking patrons and a few couples having a late night dinner. I thought the food was average and suited our late night needs, but I want to note our server went above and beyond, was exceptionally friendly and very attentive.
We had blackened chicken salad with vinaigrette, vegetables, chicken and alfredo pasta. Finally, for dessert we had pecan pie with mounds of whipped cream.Disregard all if the reviews left during Mardi gras. Not fair. Good food nice service.This place is good, and if you're hungry and walking around the French quarter looking for a cheap place to eat, it's a good option. The chicken and andouille gumbo and jambalaya are pretty good and the huge portion is only $11. I saw a lot of people ordering their breakfast sandwiches and bloody Mary's which looked good too.I was willing to give this place a shot, despite the bad yelp reviews, but I was wrong.
My friend was craving a burger, so we stopped in and upon requesting the burger medium rare, was told that it wasn't possible because their burgers are FROZEN.
Ok, I guess that is ok if you don't/can't use freshly ground meat, but I was offended because the frozen burger cost $11 and the description in the menu said "our classic old fashioned half-pound burger" or something like that. I think that is really misleading and dishonest. Fries sucked and the burger tasted like a soulless frozen burger.
This place is a tourist trap, AVOID AT ALL COSTS.Ordered the crab cakes. Mushy and gummy. Gumbo and shrimp creole watery with tiny popcorn shrimp . Everything we had was watery and thin. Won't go back.Walked into an empty restaurant one Wednesday morning. We are a party of four. There was a beautiful table in the window that seated five. They would not seat us there. The table remained empty the entire time we were there. The food is OK. But pricey for what you get. Much better choices in New Orleans, but we were on a tight schedule because we had to leave to catch a flight so we didn't have any other choice but to stay. But we saw other customers get up and leave. Wish we had that option.Management is very unreasonable. Their policies are very unreasonable. Can we get our eggs over easy instead of scrambled? No! We only offer scrambled. Could we substitute french fries instead of the rice? No, no substitutions allowed. Wish I had read the yelp reviews before we picked this place. .The service was poor. The staff never smiled...probably means management is lacking. The ambiance was perfect. The food was above average. 3 stars. If you can't wait in line for an excellent restaurant, this is you're place. This place is a people watching Mecca.My wife and I stopped by for dinner after going on a ghost tour. There was a wait for a table but the host updated us on the wait time frequently. We had the red beans with sausage as well as the breakfast sandwich. This was by far one of the best red beans and sausage that I had while in town! Tamara(sp?) is one of the best waiters that I've ever interacted with. She was funny, knowledgeable, and very helpful. Out of all of the places in New Orleans you have to check this place out.This place had the worst service I have experienced in years. It took an hour to get our food at 1:00 in the afternoon and then the order was wrong and cold. There was no apology from the waitress who was hard to find during the time we were waiting. She also kind of threw/dropped anything she delivered to our table. We tried to be friendly with her when we arrived but she never responded and was surly when she did speak. The food was just so so.Best blackened catfish I ever had. Servers were friendly and attentive. Special shout out to Kenneth, for making the experience extremely pleasant. Try the lemon mascarpone cake. Heavenly!My fiancée and I stumbled over this place while walking in Royal St. After going in and ordering, we received our drinks quickly and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. The chicken and salmon we ordered were both spicy enough, and the vegetables tasted fine despite their rather worn and overlooked look. The food in our opinion was about 20% overpriced. It's an ok restaurant for what we got.I do not get the poor reviews as all! The food was good and the ambiance was wonderful. Our waiter, Jerry, was prepped with hand sanitizer and mints.While the location was nice, the food was just not good. I was really disappointed in the food and the "I could care less" attitude of the servers. While our main server was nice, he was flippant about the menu and really wasn't a help when inquiring about the different dishes.
I was hoping to have a nice dinner during my last night in town and I was majorly disappointed.
The cost definitely isn't worth the experience. I wish I just went back to Pat O'Briens for local food or found someplace better. Yuk.We stopped in late Tuesday evening for something to eat before bed.  The server was very nice and had a thick creole accent.  There were not many people in the place as it was around 10:30pm. He let us sit in the window corner table so we could people watch as we waited.
The service was a little slow but perhaps they aren't staffed that much on a late Tuesday evening.  
Our food was hot and good.  My fried green tomatoes were delicious. My husband ordered a half and half plate.  It was a bit underwhelming.  Half of his plate was a red sauce with 4 mini shrimp,  a row of rice down the middle of the plate, and the other side was a etouffe sauce.  The flavors were good there just wasn't much substance.On our first night in New Orleans, we spent a long time browsing the French Quarter for a place to eat and not have to wait forever. It was later in the evening, probably around 7:30 when we settled on Pere Antoine.
The wait wasn't bad and we were seated after about 5 minutes. The atmosphere was excellent and we liked the decor of the place and the large windows, where you can watch the people walking by on the street.
Unfortunately, that is about all this place had going for it. It took about 5-10 minutes to be approached by our server, who had a good demeanor and attitude, but was slow otherwise. We ordered our drinks and then food when the drinks were delivered. The waiter did not write our order down and took it by memory.
I ordered the Bayou Pasta and my husband ordered the Chicken Creole. The Bayou Pasta was bland! I have had much better pasta pretty much anywhere. The Chicken Creole was good, but wasn't chicken. They served the shrimp creole instead. This seemed to be a common issue here as every table around us had some issue with their order at some point.
The highlight of this place was the Bananas Foster Beignet Fries. These were fantastic! I would recommend coming here just for that alone!Go here for ambience, not to eat.  I loved sitting here with a drink in my hand, watching the people go by on Royal.  There are tables right by the window and its just fabulous to feel like you are sitting outside, watching all the traffic go by.
I did not have food here so I cannot comment on that, but our mixed drinks were divine.This restaurant came off as average to us when we visited for dinner a month ago (I stroke the review then and failed to post it). Some niceties were the staff.  We were given our choice of a fairly crowded dining room that had large windows open to the streets or a quieter area near the bar; we appreciated the option.  Also our waiter was very attentive.  As I mentioned the food was just average.My Rajun Cajun omelet was a bland burned pile of goo. Service was as poor as the omelette.Food was some of the best we had in New Orleans over the weekend.  Highly recommend to anyone visiting. Service was excellent.Food was tasty. Got seated quickly on a Saturday and food came quickly. We had the Big Easy Breakfast sandwich with hash browns. The food could have been a little warmer but was still good.We thought that being off the beaten path, Bourbon Street, that the food would be better. Afraid it wasn't. Spouse ordered fried fish and fries. It came out cold. I ordered Cajun pasta and the sausage was very low quality. No flavor whatsoever. Thought the Southern hospitality would make up for it but the waiter was less than friendly. Won't be going back nor referring others to go there.The service was good and that's about it. The interior was nice but the Food was bland and overpriced. Better choices are available. Don't be in a rush and eat at the place right in front of you (like I did)...Awesome and authentic Cajun food. Oysters were big and awesome. Good food and good value. Staff was friendly and attentive. Can't go wrong in New Oreleans.This place wasn't that bad. I had the 1/2 shrimp creole 1/2 crawfish étouffée meal. The crawfish was good but I had to doctor up the creole. It was pretty bland. After some hot sauce and salt I was able to eat it. My husband had the red beans and rice and sausage. Good too. Lots of food. My drink the Voodoo Brew was good. Dessert was the bananas foster  fries. It was good. Could not finish it all.We had an outstanding time here from lunch one day to dinner the next and of course....wonderful drinks from the bartender Doug along with great information about New Orleans!Bad and slow service.  Food was ok.  Order a chicken PO boy and they have me a basic chicken sandwich with a hamburger bun.   Food went to wrong table and then brought to us.  PainfulSTAY AWAY!!!
This has to be the worst service and food that I have been served in a long time.  Let me start by saying the server (Kelly) had the personality of a rock, any questions that we asked of her she either didn't know or tried to make us feel stupid.  We both ordered a Bloody Mary to start with and the glasses were so dirty and sticky you couldn't hold them without getting your hands dirty, also the Bloody Marys were so bad that they tasted like you were drinking straight hot sauce--no flavor at all.
We ordered a ham and cheese omelet and egg and sausage sandwich; the eggs were burnt and the toast never came out after the server stated she was going to get them.  We forced the meal down, never saw the server again, waited and waited for at least 20 mins for the bill.  She passed us but ignored us even though I had my credit card in my hand.  At this point I found the manager and complained about the above issues but she would not take anything off the bill nor offer any apologies.  When the server saw me talking to the manager she asked what was wrong like she was doing her job.  I explained her awful service, the burnt food, nasty drinks and no refills on water.  At this point, I just wanted to get out of this place and paid my bill.  When I got to the street I realized that the server charged extra drinks on my card ($18) and I had to go back in and have the manager take these off again.  After another 20 mins I was able to leave.  I believe that the server was trying to up her tip by charging extra drinks then take them off after the ticket was charged.  
I never complain and always tip very well for good service, I'm ashamed to say that I did not tip this server and after reading the other YELPs I am going to review this bill again to see if she added a gratuity on top of my bill.
It's a shame that such a nice looking restaurant in an excellent location is so below standard when it comes to treating the customers properly.The two star is for the service, the service was fine. 
Soo, when you enter the place it looks like it needs to be on an episode of Gordon Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares, the decoration is lame, gaudy, old, stuffy and dusty. Had breakfast here because Two Sisters down the street was closed for an event.  
Omelette tasted like it had been in old oil, hash browns were cold and mushy.  I can't. I couldn't. Do yourself a favor and do not come here for food, go to Two Sisters down the street.Fried seafood platter tasted like old hot dog water
Creole sauce is just canned tomatoes
Creole shrimp came with 4 tiny shrimp
Fish was alright
Would not recommendI am a native New Orleanian but moved away to the East coast. Came in Thanksgiving week. Wanted a reasonably priced restaurant so we chose PA. The location was great for us because we were staying in the Quarter. Once inside, we were greeted by friendly staff. Our waitress Tamera (Tammy) was awesome. 
I ordered a shrimp po-boy & cup of gumbo because that's what I was craving. My husband ordered the seafood plate. 
My food experience: I will admit that I ordered my sandwich knowing that they used popcorn shrimp. I didn't understand why they used that instead of Gulf shrimp. You're in New Orleans use Gulf Shrimp! What I didn't know & was ticked off about was they used a French type sub roll not traditional French bread (Leidenheimer). It really upsets me when I come across poorly executed New Orleans food, especially"staple" food because visitors judge local food based on it. Embarrassing. That Po -boy I ate was equivalent to what a northerner would prepare at home.  The seafood gumbo was very tangy. They put tomatoes in it and probably added too much juice. I ate it but it wasn't my favorite.
My husbands food experience: He said it was ok. Nothing to write home about. The plate included: 1 stuffed crab, Gulf shrimp, oysters, catfish & fries. He was looking forward to the fried oysters but they over cooked it.  The Hopitoulas IPA was the highlight of his meal.
Really wanted to give this place more stars because of the staff but the food we ordered wasn't great.Shame on the owners of this place!
I second Lucreze! Can I give a negative star? We were lucky we had good service from a somewhat altered waiter who kept pimping their watered down cocktail concoctions which were as nasty as the food they serve. Why offer crappy food when it is so easy to make something that is even mediocre?
I should ask my credit card company to credit me back,   Ah, if only . .  . At least we didn't get sick.Lovely spot. Window seat all to myself, enjoying the soft jazz playing in the background, the staff is lovely and my Bloody Mary came with a surprise! Can't wait to taste my breakfast!! Haha. Keep you posted ;-)Honestly, we came here because this was the only restaurant that was not a cafe or coffee shop in the French Quarters. Because of this reason, they probably feel as if they can serve anything and people will still dine there and as a result, that there is no standard to the service. Our waitress was quite slow and not helpful at all.
We ordered the blackened ribs, chicken breast sandwich, crawfish and crabcakes pontchartrain, club croissant, and beignet fries with powdered sugar. The blackened ribs were sweet and sticky; they really hit the spot. The chicken breast sandwich was supposed to be on a homemade bun but it definitely tasted and looked just like a store-bought roll. The crawfish and crabcakes pontchartrain was $21 and the portion size was not great. However, the lemon butter sauce had a balance of acidity and creaminess. Also, the lump crab meat on it was fresh. The club croissant was average - just some deli meats, cheese, lettuce, and tomatoes. Our favorite dish was the beignet fries with powdered sugar. They were fried just enough and it essentially resembled a donut (some type of fried dough with sugar added). Yummmmm! 
A WORD OF ADVICE: GET THE BEIGNET FRIES.I seem to have dinner at this corner restaurant every time I'm in New Orleans. It's not as good as it was many years ago... the food is more routine now (Mardi Gras pasta was fantastic and spicy here once upon a time)... but for the price and location it works just fine. Service has always been pleasant. Desserts can be interesting. Sazeracs are better elsewhere. Still, I always find my way back here every few years, but not when I'm looking for something special.The food is Awesome!!  I am not a catfish lover, but I loved their catfish and Love, Love their hush puppies!!  I could eat bucket of those things and call it dinner. Yummy!!Blah! This place is poor all-around. 
The food was awful! I would rather eat a Zataran's frozen dinner than their jambalaya. The rice wasn't cooked long enough and it was bland. My friend's club sandwich looked like airline food. When I asked him about it, all he had to say was "yeah."
The service was equally as bad. They messed up two drink orders, and brought my friend regular fries instead of sweet potato fries. It took a LONG time to get it replaced. 
By far the worst meal of my four day trip.You could really do a whole lot better when dining in New Orleans. We went because the places we planned on going couldn't seat us and this place could. That should be a clue.
Service was good, drinks are good. Food is just mediocre. I had bland shrimp creole and crawfish étouffée with no crawfish in it. Literally none.
Go if you're starving or desperate.I can't find crawfish in my crab cake crawfish pasta. Wait, I can find it, but they are tiny tiny little one that take me one min to finally find even one piece. Don't like this restaurant, I'd rather to eat at other places.So we were walking around the French Quarter looking for a place to eat.  We past this place and stopped to look at the menu.  The staff came out and said hi and said if we had any questions we could just ask.  That won us over.
We went in and had an amazing meal with an amazing set of servers...Paul and April.  They were fun, hospitable,  and helped guide us through the menu.
The food was fantastic and the beer was great too!  We will definitely be coming back.What??? I'm shocked at the 3 star rating!! This restaurant has the best food!! We came back twice in the same week! I've never had fried green tomatoes before here and everywhere else has "big shoes" to fill now! Not to mention our server "Kenneth"!! What a great guy, personality galore!! So happy he was our server both visits!! Now to walk off all the food we ate!! Enjoy my friends! Bon Appetite!!!Everything our group ordered was amazing! Danny was our waiter and he was very knowledgeable about the area and with the city's history.  The banana foster was amazing, a must try!We came to this restaurant twice.  The first time was Saturday night and we literally sat there for 35 mins waiting for the waiter to come and take our drink order.  There were 3 of them that were circling but no one ever approached us.  When we heard our neighbor complain to the manager that he had waited over an hour for his food we knew it was time to leave.
We gave them another chance on Sunday morning for breakfast.  This time they took our drink orders pretty quickly but it took the food about 35 mins to come out.  Of course my food order was incorrect so I sent it back.  When it came out again, it was wrong - again!  The third time was so-so but I was hungry so I ate it.  Our waitress was not very good.  She barely paid any attention to us but was quick to point out where to write in the gratuity.  
The food was ok.  It wasn't fabulous and it wasn't awful.  I have definitely had better.Went to this place after desperately seeking a lunch spot...kind of wish I would've searched a bit more. The food wasn't great. I had the appetizer sampler, the fried eggplant was good, but the stuffed mushrooms and fried mozzarella sticks were so bland. My boyfriend had the "gumbalaya" and he thought it was bland as well.
The servers were friendly and attentive, but it took forever to get our food considering there were only 3 other tables being served at the time. I probably won't go back.Loud and noisy but I guess that is ok. I had the bacon wrapped shrimp and the shrimp was not peeled! The veggie pasta had frozen greens and tasted worse than a bad microwave meal. I do not recommend this place.This is probably one of my favorite places in New Orleans, which is saying a lot. I am shocked that there are so many bad reviews when my experiences have been fantastic!
The bread is tasty with a light crispy crust, and the portions are massive. My favorite thing has to be the red beans and rice... I love red beans and rice and this is by far the best I've ever had. The shrimp creole and jambalaya are also VERY tasty.
Service is great, and I love the ambience of the jazz music and being able to watch the passersby on the street on a lazy afternoon.We stopped in last night for drinks and food. There were tables open in the main area and we asked to be seated there but were given a "oh nothing is clean" story. We quickly realized the waiter who was working the hostess stand "Charles" was seating everyone who came in in his section near the bar and not the big open area. There were approx 6 other tables that were seated with us all in his area within 15 minutes. It took over 10 min to even get a drink order placed and another 10 min to get a drink. We declined ordering food based on the horrible service. Charles was a smooth talker but not competent. We planned to actually take our drinks with us but due to it taking over 20 min to get the bill, the drinks were done. 45 minutes for service for one drink??? The other tables were just getting their food when we left. Don't waste your time here.I had a late breakfast here with my sweetie...we split a creole omelet with crawfish and garlic butter potatoes.  It was really good...and that says a lot because I don't really like eggs.  
We also ordered a Bloody Mary that was sooooooooo good!  I've tried Bloody Mary's before and I've never like them but this one was nice and spicy and really hit the spot. 
Great place for breakfast or brunch!Stayed closed to this restaurant and thought we would stop in for their "cocktails to go". We ended up staying for hours because the bartender, Stephanie, made us feel so welcome! We had an absolute blast! She recommended the "Voodoo Brew" for me but changed it so it wasn't as sweet because I mentioned I didn't like sugary drinks. We came back several times because of her hospitality and mad bartending skills.We were in a hurry, and so we chose this place by default despite the Yelp reviews. The Yelpers were half right. Place was abysmally slow (45 minutes after we ordered to get our food: a bowl of already made gumbo and some fried shrimp). The food wasn't too bad, but it was expensive.Service was fine, red beans and rice were a healthy portion, but mediocre. Drinks were *very* watered down.Found this restaurant as we meandered through the Quarter.  We enjoyed it, but I was very surprised to see so many negative reviews here on Yelp.  Hmm....
Atmosphere was really good, but not EXCELLENT.  Food was really good, especially for local cuisine.  It wasn't the best we had in NOLA, but it certainly wasn't bad.  Service was totally fine.
I did see the Yelp post re: checking for gratuity on the bill.  I think I got scammed on that because I didn't look close enough.  (See the prior post where gratuity is one of many line items on the bill, but it still suggests a 15%, 18% or 20% at the bottom of the receipt.)
If I were in that area again and looking for a quick bite, I would go.  Otherwise, I would probably try something new.Food is ok at best!   Service is slow.    They don't substitute anything for any food allergies even though meal is being prepared fresh.   And fountain drinks are non refillable.    Would not revisit.Food was bland. Very bland. Was expecting more and got less. Had st Anne chicken. Very chewey. Sauce on top had hardly a taste. Vegetables were bland as well. My wife liked her omelette but disliked hash browns. I would try another place first on another trip.Unlike a previous review, I do not mind laminated drink menus. I had a very positive experience here with delicious food in a convenient location close to St. Anne. I had a spicy sausage pasta dish. There is a great ambience here with high celings and local artwork.  Great view of the streets through the windows and doors.Fantastic food in the afternoon shift, but the evening cook needs to go back to school as the water dowj gumbo ran all the way down Royal Street.  The spicey shrimps and sauce is fabalous and desserts are heavenly...a return visit...trust....Interesting take on Gumbo: good spicy stew, tasted really good it just looked a little wrong.  Etouffe and red beans and rice also tasted good and flavorful, but looked a little wrong too. Nice bread pudding for dessert.  Service was good and attentive.
Do I like it?  I had a good experience that night.We walked past this place a few times whilst walking around exploring the French quarter and thought oh what a lovely place. My boyfriend checked the Yelp reviews and said it only had 2 and a 1/2 stars, we now understand why. He ordered the surf and turf poboy with fries, the poboy was good the chips were just like plain oven chips no flavour at all. I ordered the the mushrooms and a garden salad and it tasted like dish water it was such a weird taste.
Such a let down considering it looks so pretty from the outside.We chose this place on the fly and it was a mistake. We waited too long for cold fries, cold shrimp and a burger that was just ok. Only giving it an extra star because our waiter was friendly. Considering all the outstanding options nearby, we're kicking ourselves for this one. Won't be back.Big mistake going in here for lunch. Ordered a fried chicken sandwich, shrimp po boy and veggie pasta. Po boy and pasta were ok, but nothing special. Chicken came grilled, we told our waitress we had ordered it fried and she said it would be just a minute. Sandwich came 10 minutes later, and they had literally fried the same piece of chicken they had brought out before. Fries were cold because of course they didn't change the plate, but OMG the problem with the fries is they tasted SO BAD, they were sweet!! We ordered a new portion and they were the same. It seems they use their oil for different foods. Awful. Service wasn't terribly bad, place is old. Not coming back!The service was trash but the food was great! I got the half & half combo which was as delicious as I expected it to be. A royal street staple!The best Bloody Mary I've ever had hands down.  Perfect balance of spice in the drink.  Also ordered a Margarita on the rocks here and was a tasty and refreshing accompaniment for a hot July day. Neither drink was particularly boozy to taste, but definitely had the desired intoxicating effect.  Drinks came in a rim-salted Hurricane glass, the Bloody Mary has a special spicy salt they use on the rim. 
My travelling companion had a fruity New Orleans Lady to drink (also in a Hurricane glass) and the Blackened Catfish and Crawfish Etouffee and loved it.  I tasted the Blackened Catfish, and it was good, but heads up that the seasoning is very salty. She finished her meal with the Bourbon St. Pecan Pie and raved about it (so much she wouldn't let me try a bite.)  The piece came on the slim side, so not a good candidate for a shared dessert.
I had the Combo Crawfish Etouffe and Creole Shrimp.  These were not overly spicy - but then, after the Bloody Mary I think the bar was raised pretty high on that count.  I found them ok. Had the Crawfish Efouffe at Court of the Two Sisters the day before and thought Pere Antoine's was comparable.  I think I just prefer my crawfish in the shell and am not a fan of this particular dish in general.  
I finished my meal with the Famous Bread Pudding.  Unfortunately, it was burnt at the bottom and had almost no raisins in it.  It came with cream and caramel sauces, but they were overwhelmed by the bread pudding itself. The bread pudding was not overly sweet, and the part that was not burnt was moist.  Definitely got a big portion, and was full the rest of the day.
We were seated promptly and our server was attentive. Entree choices run from $9-$22.  Pecan pie was about $7 and Bread Pudding was about $6. Drinks were around $10. The Margarita was  $12, but I asked for a to go cup and was rewarded with a printed plastic cup as a souvenir.
Overall, it was a positive experience. However, unless I were craving a Bloody Mary or Pecan Pie I would probably try one of the other restaurants in the French Quarter before coming back.First and last time coming here. I went with two friends and we asked to be seated outside. When we got out water I noticed that it had some type of seasoning inside of the cups so I asked one the guys working there what it was and he said it was Bloody Mary seasoning and I asked for another cup to which he later goes and asks me if I ever worked in a restaurant, I guess to be smart ass about it. Next it took us an hour an thirty minutes to get our food. While we were eating there was another party that sat outside and when their food arrived, two out of four of them sent their food back because it was cold. One kept his food and another one was told that the french toast she ordered was not made because they ran out. They did not tell her until everyone's food was already brought out so she decided not to eat at all. It took us overall about two hours to eat during which we only ate for about 15 minutes. The staff looked mad and unhappy to be there.The pecan pie was great & Tammy is AMAZING! (Really love the sassy she brings to the table)...bread pudding is only average, it had more fruit than bread.
Highly recommend the Pecan pie.My boyfriend & I were searching for a place to eat, it was our 1st time in New Orleans & our friends recommended a lot of places for us to try, but since it was Essence Festival weekend everywhere was packed, so we kept walking until we found a place that wasn't so crowded & we came across this place, thank goodness we did, the food & drinks we're great & the waiter Kenny was great too, we are definitely keeping this place as our go to spot the next time we visit!Waited an hour for food once our orders were placed. When I received my chicken it was completely raw in the middle. This place is disgusting and terribleCame here for dinner during a NOLA vacation, for appetizers I got the cups of gumbo was really good (I got both types of gumbo) and was really looking forward to dinner. For dinner I chose the half and half combo plate. BF got the spicy Cajun sausage po boy. He enjoyed his Po Boy, I wish I could say the same about my dinner plate. It wasn't good at all, either side of it (its half etouffee half shrimp creole). Typically if I don't like something I'm able to get through it and I just remember not to get that but I honestly couldn't even make myself eat it (I also hate to be that customer that sends things back). When the waitress noticed I wasn't eating and asked about it I let her know I really didn't care for the dish at all and she replied that's the dish that gets sent back the most...well she should definitely tell management owners or whoever because that dish is terrible! They need to fix the dish or take it off the menu!! I asked for more gumbo since that was good but very disappointing experience overall. 2 stars because of the gumbo and that the spicy sausage Po boy was good.Visited this place twice during our short time in New Orleans as we all loved the food so much! It was incredibly busy for dinner on both of our visits and seemed to serve up Cajun and creole food of a fantastic quantity. Members of our party feasted on the chicken and sausage gumbo, seafood gumbo, roast beef poboy, creole chicken, and chicken etouffee all of which were fantastic and couldn't be faulted however the clear winner with all was the chicken and sausage gumbo! Would definitely recommend this place!Great service, good food, good portions to share, liked their gumbo the best of 5 tried this week (not too thick, not too watery, good sized shrimp, good amount of spice with kick).  The hurricane was a little too sweet for my taste, but just had been sipping a Pat O'Brien's one that is more on the tart and alcohol-y side of the spectrum.  The bread pudding was just ok, but the jambalaya, red beans and rice, and shrimp creole were all very good.  Although they don't have espresso, they did make us a fru-fru coffee with hot milk and whipped cream - our waitress was a sweetheart and indulged our silliness (thanks to the hurricanes).Went here for breakfast.  They do have a nice open setting.  The food was good.  I'm not sure what it is like for dinnerService was mediocre. My party of four were seated, and all was well (or so we thought). Apparently for 20 minutes after we sat, the credit card system was down. We did not receive notification about it until after we ordered. Food was not great at all. Server got our order entirely wrong after her failed attempt to memorize our orders... just write the damn thing on paper and there will be minimal errors. We were expecting a New Orleans experience and got everything but.Our server was very sweet. That's the best we can say about it. Unfortunately we went in before checking Yelp. Food is sub-par at best. We only had appetizers after we saw the Yelp rating. 
My husband said he drink was ok but mine was a Screwdriver- I only tasted oj. We went to a store close by that said everything is frozen! Yuck.Thank you, Kenneth!! Great spot for a Bloody and some BBQ shrimp. Good music and conversation. Fun little spot.This place is amazing!  Great food, great service, great host!   They are open this New Years Day and handling their guest with class and unbelievable food and service!They serve breakfast all day. So if you come here get an omelette. It's hard to mess up and my husband enjoyed the red beans and cheddar omelette. He started with the gumbo sampler. The sausage and chicken gumbo was yummy. The po'boy was a huge bust. The service was so-so. The waiter forgot about my beer and seemed very disinterested.Only bad meal and bad service I've had in NOLA.  It took 45 minutes for food to come out. My hot sandwich was cold and others in my party were very disappointed in their meal. Busboy asked how my food was and i said not good. He gave a knowing laugh. Im so sorry not to have supported some of the great dining in this city. Shame on me for not checking with yelp first.As my first and only meal in New Orleans, I was left extremely disappointed. The food looked great as I walked in and saw others eating. Everything on the menu sounded good, too. I ordered a club salad and my husband ordered the red beans and rice with fried chicken special. The food looked wonderful but was served at room temperature and tasted terrible. I had expected a refreshing salad, but even the meat was room temperature and left me feeling queasy all evening. I could not even eat half of it. The red beans and rice tasted as if an amateur was trying to cook it for the first time without following a recipe, and then left it sitting out all day because no one wanted it. The chicken...well my husband was not even sure it was chicken at first. The other 5 in our party were hugely disappointed as well. We were all upset we had wasted our money and time trying to choose the perfect meal from a menu of nothing but bad food. The service was friendly but also very slow.Walking around, we spotted this place and decided to go in. The food didn't take too long to come out and it was very good. Our waiter was friendly and attentive. He made recommendations on menu items.
The other waiter working that night was also friendly. He told us about the city which was cool.
I'd definitely go back here if and when I return to NOLA.I give this place 3 & 1/2 stars. Last day in NOLA and had to check out by noon so needed a quick breakfast. Have passed by this place several times the day before and remembered that it was only about 3 blocks away from Hotel Royal. It was slow (Monday 11am) so no waiting for table and seated by the window. Great corner location for people watching. Ordered Bayou Omelet mixed seafood (crawfish & crab mixed w/ sauteed bell peppers, onions topped w/ creole sauce). The portion was more than enough and came with breakfast potatoes and white toast. Maybe got lucky but kinda liked the omelet. It was cooked right and stuffed with chunks of crawfish and layers of crab meat. Definitely tasted the seafood saltiness so it was substantial to my expectations. Didn't like the potatoes at all but I'm guessing they were hand cut in a round manner. Counted 6 slices (see pics)..maybe food cost controlled? Overall, it was a convenient stop for a quick breakfast. Service was prompt and satisfactory. Didn't even bother to check the ratings before going but the experience wasn't bad at all considering it was in busy tourist area.The server was on the spot and very capable. Of all the places we ate in the French quarter this was not a top spot. It wasn't terrible but it just did not reach that next level either.Honestly some of the worst service I have received in a very long time. We walked in as a party of 8 and were able to be sat immediately. We were also unable to separate the checks for some odd reason but we ended up staying there. Our waitress took 15 full minutes to initially check on us, then another 20 to bring us waters. It took over 45 minutes for all of us to get our food. I ordered the Bayou pasta while most other people in my party ordered sandwiches, so I understand why my meal may take a bit longer to prepare. Everyone else's food came out and mine was not out until half of the party was finished with their food. The pasta itself was DROWNING in sauce and had raw onions in it, which is very strange for a Alfredo type pasta. It was also $17 for the 6 noodles I received. They didn't even think to apologize for the wait at all. Do not go here.We had a really great experience last night. Very pretty dining experience and not expensive. Food was very good and service was outstanding. David, a Colin Farrell lookalike, was extremely polite and extremely attentive. Would highly recommend.Surprised at some of the reviews - we thought this was a great place - in fact we ate here twice during our week in New Orleans.  Were lucky enough to have Brian B. as our server both times - friendly, attentive and very helpful with suggestions.  We had the mushroom Tchoupitoulas appetizer - very nice and plenty for two to share.  The next appetizer we had was a special which Brian recommended and he was right - fried green tomatoes, topped with shrimp and remoulade sauce - wow! Also had crabcakes, oyster poboy, and then a whole platter of oysters (yes, they were that good and not greasy) and blackened catfish with a shrimp creole sauce. Brian convinced me to try the catfish even though I do not like catfish - thankfully I trusted him.  It was one of the best fish dishes I've ever had.  Brian kindly gave me some blackening spices to take home and the chef came out to take complements.  All together a nice location, nice people and good food.I don't know why people are bashing this place. It's great! We were just passing by and thought we'd give it a shot. The seafood gumbo was way better than the gumbo shop! It was the perfect amount of spice and not too salty. The vegetarian po boy was delicious and huge, and the popcorn shrimp was somehow very flavorful with only shrimp and lettuce (also has tomatoes and pickles) I'd say the only thing that's bland are the fries,  up that's good, just add your own salt! The service was great, definitely felt the souther hospitality. Also it's a great location, with big open windows.Really good food but service not too good. Our waiter took forever to get our order in. Everybody around us was being serviced quickly even those that came in after us got their food before us. My husband and I shared the chicken and sausage gumbo as an appetizer and it is delish. My entree was red beans and rice with blackened chicken and it was very tasty with just enough spices. Will definitely go back for the food! Prices are good too.Go at your own risk. The concept of TERRIBLE doesn't need explanation. The nice customer service cannot overcome the damage done by distasteful food with no elaboration, no presentation and lack of culinary technique. Do not even attempt the house wine.
Great place for a Heineken as you cannot go too wrong with that. Not because Heineken is the best, it is because you know how it tastes.
BTY, no cheap. Your money worths more.After Yelp steering me wrong at every meal on this trip, decided to just walk down the street hit the first restaurant that looked good.  I was looking for an early lunch, before 11, so not all places were open and many of the ones that were were doing breakfast.  I saw this place and walked in.  All the doors were open to the streets which made for nice people watching.  I had intended to order a po-boy but the waiter convinced me to try the muffulatta (I hadn't told him I was looking for a po-boy).  Haven't ever had a muffulatta so I didn't know what to expect but it was fresh and well prepared.  I enjoyed the sandwich very much.  Fries came with so hot from the frier I couldn't touch them until they cooled off.  No seasoning whatsoever on the fries left me adding salt to them.  I suppose some will see it as a good thing to let the patrons add their own salt but it's so humid here the salt shaker just doesn't work that well.  The service was extremely friendly and on point.yikes! i ate at some pretty terrible places in the French Quarter but this was by far the worst. 
Looks cute on the outside but once you step inside and are seated, you notice just how filthy the place is. After my friend explained to the waitress she has a gluten allergy and convinced the server that gluten is in wheat/flour products and is not actually sugar, my friend ended up with another salad and I with an overpriced nasty plate of jambalaya. 
I think the wait staff had been picked up from the local asylum, especially when one server yelled at the top of his lungs twice in his best "german" accent, "GET DOWN!" when a loud bang occurred on the street outside...Please for the love of God skip this restaurant!Terrible food - the gumbo was more like beans and rice. Nice staff but not enough for the number of people - forgot a drink and had to ask several times for one of our party's meal.Came here for breakfast and was quite pleased with the food but more importantly my waiter David was the best. He wasn't just an attentive waiter but a travel guide and now a friend who I will visit again. He helped to clue me in to where to go and what to do and I kept coming back just to have breakfast with him again and tell him about my day. New Orleans has been a very friendly city but David took it to a whole new level and I'm leaving with a new friend. 
The food was delish. Hashbrowns were amazing and I'm trying the beignet fries tomorrow! Woohoo. Stop by for great food and evem better hospitality. Ask for David!Came here for lunch on a weekend. Tried creole cuisine for the first time and it didn't disappoint. However, our order took a good 30-40 minutes to come. The tables are placed quite close to each other and you can't help but overhear conversations which is a little bit of a bummer. The vibe of the place is fun and relaxed. The server was really nice too. 2 stars for the wait for a table and for the food that left us starving.We waited over an hour for our food, and only saw the server (rushing by our table) a couple of times after she brought our water and took our order. She never checked on us or apologized for the wait. When the food finally came to the table, only one of our meals was hot. My sweet potato fries were below room temperature, and my oysters were not much warmer. One of us was served a burger that was so hard it felt like cardboard. Clearly two of the meals had been sitting for a long time, and when the third was finished, they brought them all out. (The one hot entree was only mediocre, certainly not worth the price.)
The server argued with me when I tried to explain the situation. We sent the burger back and told her to take it off the ticket. (We would've sent it all back, but we gave in to our growling stomachs after waiting so long.) She then disappeared for fifteen minutes, and we tried to deal with two different managers so that we could just pay and get out. No one ever apologized about the wait or the cold food. 
I've worked in the restaurant industry, and usually overtip. This is only the second time in my life that I've eaten at any restaurant and not left a tip. We deserved a tip for putting up with this awful treatment. 
The building is lovely, though.Kenneth was a delight, the food was perfect and sitting by the open window was an excellent NO flair.My husband and I ate here this past week and had really good food.  He ordered the red beans and rice which was spicy but not too much so.  It would have been nice had it been served with a green salad as they used to do.  I ordered fried shrimp which were excellent.  We enjoyed each other's food so much that we really shared them.  Our waiter, Jason, was very soft spoken but very efficient and friendly.  The doors and windows were open to the street even though New Orleans was oppressively hot.  The ceiling fans and the excellent iced tea made it very comfortable.  It was nice to eat and be able to watch and hear everyone outside.  We would definitely return.At this point not a happy camper!!!? Ordered and got wine but no food. Other tables served prior to us  being. The crawfish and shrimp pasta was okay the linguini was over cooked. Overall pretty bad service and bland food.Two words: rip off. Small potions for way way over priced food. Don't let the ridiculously nice staff fool you into this place.tourist trap! just walk an extra block to amelie cafe. Food here is mediocre, the omelettes came out cold, my poboy was average at best and then drinks were weak. not worth it. in wouldn't have gone here if it wasn't for my friends access I regret it. so many better options here in new OrleansWe came here for our last breakfast in New Orleans. Is in a great little location with a pretty and open corner. Bloody Mary's were EXCELLENT (and I don't normally like bloody Mary's!) and we started with the bacon wrapped fried oysters which were also amazing. Staff was funny and polite and it was a good send off for the trip!Wonderful service and very friendly and attentive staff, food was amazing, I shared the crab fingers and a blackened catfish with crawfish etouffe with my boyfriend, our friends loved their choices too, the banana foster beignet dessert was very delectable, my friends and I are very pleased with the entire experience! I absolutely recommend coming here if you're in the French QuarterI highly recommend the New Orleans sampler. The Red Beans and Rice and Chicken and Sausage Gumbo were so delicious. The bread pudding was delicious.
Give the New Orleans Blonde beer a try.
Service was very good and attentive; however, it took us quite a while to be seated.Happened to just run into this place because my friend was staying nearby. They were really busy but only waited 5 min to be seated which was awesome. Great service which was followed by good food/drinks. Tried the "sampler" and tasted so good. The portion was a little big so there's was no need for me to get an entree because this was more than enough (for me). Must get the beignet fries!!!!!!!!This is totally one of those places you go into when you're tired of walking and you're hungry. Service was meh. Food was absolutely meh. I had the muffuletta sandwich which was absolutely forgettable. I don't remember what my brother ordered. I regret going here because I know there are some way better restaurants in NOLA.21 Jul 2014, 08:00p
After dinner at Coop's, we walked around the Quarter trying to find something for dessert.  We took a look at the dessert menu here and decided to give it a try.  Our party of three ordered:
New Orleans Bread Pudding
Banana Foster Cheesecake
Banana Foster French Fry Beignets
Hubby enjoyed his Bread Pudding and also the Cheesecake, but his favorite was my Beignets.  Our friend also enjoyed both his Cheesecake and hubby's Bread Pudding, but he also thought my Beignets were the winners of the three.
I actually was not expecting what I had ordered.  The host told us they had a special dessert that evening of Banana Fosters Beignets.  I figured they'd just be beignets in a bananas foster preparation.  Our waitress described it a little more accurately, but being Vietnamese with an accent, I was just under the impression she was describing more the preparation than the actual dish.
The beignets are thin, shaped like french fries and vaguely reminiscent of churros.  They were very light and slightly crispy on the outside.  The Banana Foster was not too sweet, although there could have been more banana.  I finished the entire dessert and did not feel weighed down at all.
The dessert menu itself did not really impress me because most are standard, but the French Fry Beignets are definitely different and worth a try.  Service was good and our waitress was very friendly.  I probably would not return for dessert, but I would be open to having a meal here to see what the regular menu is all about.The decor is nice. I loved the openness of the place with the open doors/windows. The staff were professional and caring! I ordered an egg and sausage sandwich which was delivered to my table promptly.  I thought I should have gotten more hash browns and when ordering an egg sandwich I thought the egg should cover at least half of the croissant. It was such a small portion that I was able to fold the  1/2 sandwich in half to eat it.  The sausage was delicious and juicy!
Though I wasn't impressed by the egg sandwich, I was impressed about the service and menu. My husband and I would like to return to this place and try something else.  I will update this review at that time.I've eaten in a lot of high profile and in some not so high profile restaurants in the French Quarter in New Orleans - best one so far is Pere Antoine - i love in this area due to it's 
FOOD !!! Art gallery's and craziness . 
This Resturant is really a great place - service is good as well  - the food is killer 
And you can eat breakfast @ 11:30 pm
Yippee !First, our server Kenny was absolutely fantastic! He was hilarious, made great food recommendations, gave us directions and even took us out into the garden to take a photo of our group for us. Their Bloody Marys are delicious and the food was fantastic. Five girls, we all ordered five different meals were all happy, so that was a win for us!I came in to grab a quick bite and it was okay. Not a great ambience but a convenient location. The service was really horrible which also affected my rating. Our server would leave for extended periods of time (15-20 minutes) and we would have to ask someone to find her to even get utensils or order more drinks. I had the crawfish étouffée which was decent.Stopped in for a Hurricane to go. Friendly staff and quick service. The Hurricane was great drink to walk the streets with and enjoy the culture.A cute restaurant with the doors wide open so you can still be a part of the hustle and bustle that is New Orleans. I had margaritas and the 'gumbalaya' a combo, which was very tasty! Great welcoming atmosphere and the staff is pretty chill, Tis on the list for the awesome ones!!We went here only for the banana foster any fries. My friend highly recommended and we were not disappointed. Our only suggestion would be a little bit less sauce on them because they do get a little soggy and overwhelming towards the bottom, but obviously we made it to the bottom. Super cute place the waitstaff was lovely, would recommend to anotherTotally don't see why this place only has 2.5 stars - I've been here for 4 days for business and even though I haven't stumbled upon a subpar restaurant, this place is so good - I'm here AGAIN! The seafood gumbo is the best I've had, the blackened catfish with etouffee is so amazing I came back for it, the house salad was a great portion... Ain't nothing wrong with this place.Love to go here for fried green tomatoes topped with shrimp and remoulade sauce and Bbq Shrimp. 
Went here with a group of friends to get our southern food fix. We ordered a bunch of food and shared it all. Fried Oyster platter, red beans and rice, and Blacken Catfish. Bloody Mary's are spicy and strong . Save room for the beignet fries. The place is beautiful and has friendly staffFirst stop for food in New Orleans and it was a treat.  The chicken sausage Gumbo was really tasty!  Shrimp po boy was good as well.  I would eat here again!!This place is 100% a tourist trap! The location is great, and that's about it.  We took a lyft to the French quarter and went searching for lunch.  We fell upon this place and went inside.  We waited several minutes before anyone even greeted us.  When we were seated the service was slow and unimpressive.  I ordered the jambalaya and My husband ordered the rice and beans with sausage.  My dish was super salty, and was missing the chicken, shrimp and sausage.  It was literally salty, spicy rice. My husbands dish was a pile of rice and a bunch of beans.  Flavorless. I took 2 bites of mine and ended up not liking it and waited to tell the server.  She came over later and after telling her, she ignored me and cleared the table.  She brought us our check which was over $30.  Horrible service, horrible food and not worth it at all!  Stay away from this place!We slipped in here last night around 11pm because we were hungry and it was open. Thankfully , we did NOT check yelp first. I wonder what we are missing out on sometimes using yelp as a guide? We were greeted by the friendliest staff and seated at a lovely table by the window, situated perfectly for people watching. Justin our waiter was friendly and efficient and offered suggestions for our meal...
We ordered red beans and rice and gumbolaya and then took a look at yelp which left us waiting with a sense of dread/anticipation. What a wonderful upset! We found both dishes to be well seasoned ( the sausage was quite spicy)!) and delicious. Neither of us could decide which one we liked better-in addition Justin and his co-worker April were great conversationalists.all in all we had a very enjoyable time and would return in a minute. Lesson learned....yelp is a great resource- but be careful of what you might be missing out on !It really isn't worth the wait. As other reviewers say it's blah. The server took forever and they sat us on the back patio...which is located conviently by the dumpster, so all throughout our  meal they brought full bags of garbage right by our table. The staff didn't seem to care. The garbage around the edges of the patio and employees smoking by the dumpster also provided the ambiance of one star restaurants.The food was good and the atmosphere was nice. I didn't like the bloody marry, I thought it was to sweet.Jambalaya not tasty, though red drum was amazing, as were fried green tomatoes.  Service was not great - nothing rude, just not efficient or visible (such as issue with cold item).  Wasn't busy.  Would consider returning because of fish, though not first choice.Only one word is needed to review this place - meh. The food is nothing spectacular and service could be better. Our server didn't know that we were in her section. Only come in if you're desperate for something to eat.Not great but not the worst. My worst complaint is the service as they are very slow, forgot the order, and never checked back on us. Also, way overpriced. Almost 80 dollars for an omelette, one shrimp entree, two drinks and a soup for lunch. The drink menu was good and had a large assortment of cocktails. I had the chicken crawfish dish which had rice, peppers, and a seafood sauce. I was surprised it was so good even though the reviews were not very good. I also tried the chicken gumbo soup which was flavorful, had a good amount of sausage and smoky flavor. Overall, service needs to improve in order to gain ratings. I would go across street to grab some lunch rather than this place.Really great restaurant in the French quarter. A small quaint restaurant good for dates or hanging with friends. A superb staff waited on us and everyone was so friendly and ready to assist. The food was awesome and came to the table Rather quickly. Another great stop in New OrleansWe found this place walking on a Sunday night. Every other night we had reservations but decided to wing it the last night we were in New Orleans. The ambiance looked nice so we went in. 
I usually check ratings on Yelp before but this was one time we didn't. I am honestly glad we didn't. Looking at the rating I would have never went in but I am so glad we did. 
The food was excellent and the service was as well. Tam took great care of us and everything came out perfect and hot! I had the St. Peters drink and I loved it! Much better than some of the other places we have visited.
I would recommend this place to anyone!!!!STAY AWAY. 
Pulled up Yelp after I sat down and immediately regretted not having looked at it before going in. I ordered the combo with étouffée and creole. Bland, bland, bland. There were 6 shrimp and 6 pieces of crawfish. They were the size of my pinky knuckle. For a family of 4 our bill with tip was $74. Not worth it at all.Update - After poor service we left a 10% tip. Checking my account today I find out that the tip was changed to 25%. I was able to speak with management today who fixed the issue but I would definitely avoid this place.All I can think is that the people giving this restaurant, and I use the word loosely, three stars have never had a good meal in their lives. I am a local and I know this place is bad. Ended up there anyway when our first choice was packed.  Cold gumbo, missing items from the order making to the bill, crappy service. Place does not change. Avoid it.Despite bad service and dirty conditions, the food was good. I actually liked the Royal Blackened Catfish, which is "catfish, blackened, and served with rice topped with Creole sauce and seasoned vegetables". The seafood jambalaya is okay, though the jambalaya mix sold in supermarkets is better.Can't believe I came back here.  Jane remembered it when she was young and now that we're older WE BOTH FORGOT.  had the appetizer sampler and gumbo.  Gumbo was cold and a very light roux.  Chicken was fried to death, green tomatoes were good.  Next time were in new orleans maybe we will remember.Just don't buy the drinks (which are lacking a price)--they're $12 and should cost $4.
Also the oyster shots are gross.
My friend moved here six months ago and thought it was the worst food since he moved here, yet entrees are $17 on avg.Great location. We had a quick, simple lunch = 2 small chicken Caesar salads and an ice tea. Excellent salad. Perfectly reasonable price. Friendly service. What's not to love. We are going back for omelets later in the week....My wife and I have been to Pere Antoine Restaurant twice and we can't understand some of the negative reviews.  It is a very nice restaurant with a very friendly staff!  Being a native of New Orleans, I can honestly say that the food is great and authentic!  I highly recommend their fried green tomatoes topped with friend shrimp!  It is also located in a very nice and relatively quieter area of the French Quarter.Friendly staff and nice place, but the food is probably some of the worst I have tasted. We ordered two poboys sandwiches: the surf and turf combo and the vegetarian. They both looked cheaply made; the bread was tasteless, the fries were tasteless and the vegetables were certainly not fresh. The only thing saving this place from not getting one star is their mimosas.Wow. This was disgusting. Our crab cakes were absolutely inedible and tasted like bad canned tuna. Our salads were way overdressed with croutons that were a mouthful of grease! Literally! We couldn't eat our food. We just sat here laughing at how bad this was.Oh, the BBQ shrimp!!! Family recipe that is awesome. Oysters were fresh and delicious. My husband said the Red Beans and Rice were really good - and the sausage wasn't dried out, which is what he has found so many times. Staff was fun, friendly, and great with the guest. Great build-out that is fun for people-watching!Great food, service and fantastic atmosphere. After visiting here twice during our week stay, I am puzzled by some of the negative reviews I saw. Our food was great, prices in the same range as everywhere else in the French Quarter. We really enjoyed the openness of the restaurant, they have huge doors that open on both sides of dining room, so you get great views and feel of the street while relaxing and enjoying your meal.Walking down the French Quarter in NOLA on a Friday night is not for the faint of heart! We started meandering around looking for food that was going to be a perfect mix of creole and Cajun and basically anything you can't get in California. How (un)fortunate it was that we found this restaurant. We were seated very quickly, which was really great, and our waitress came over to take our drink and food order about 10 minutes after that....
Fast forward 87 minutes, and we still don't have our food, and we just got our drinks. We didn't exactly order complicated food (breakfast sandwich, already made chicken and sausage gumbo, and chicken etoufee), and our waitress came over to tell us that she "forgot to put our food order in". How someone forgets to put a food order in when that by itself is the CRUX of your JOB, I'm not sure. She told us 45 minutes after she "forgot", and it's now been 30 minutes, as we sit and wait for our food. 
Still waiting, by the way, no food in sight and they continue to seat more people.
*edit* After some time, we finally got our food and it was delicious! Except, and this is BIG problem. As an adult with allergies, I know it's a risk coming to NOLA and trying to get food that doesn't have contamination with seafood, but since I do have an allergy, I let them know that I did and if there was cross contamination. Our waitress assured me there wasn't and that as long as I was comfortable, I'd be okay. Well, turns out, cross contamination is a thing and there were multiple shrimps in my CHICKEN étoufeé (see attached picture). 
As a result of this and my unwillingness to pay for dinner that took two hours to get to my table, the manager did comp our meal, which is the only reason this review has two stars instead of one. 
All in all, not worth the wait, and not worth the hives from eating seafood.The thing is, you're going to go. You just are. The location is that good. You won't go there, but you'll end up there. Problem is, it sucks. 
Seriously though, this place has gone way downhill in the past 10 years. The food isn't nearly what it was. 
Also a thumbs down for the bartender. I came in for a drink and to chill and got an unprompted and nearly offensive lecture on guns and politics. Kind of a downer. 
I would say stay away, but you won't. The location is such a trap. But you've been warned.
I won't be back.This review has been stuck in my head now for almost a year when I visited this restaurant on New Years Day (in all fairness to them). It sticks in my head because it is the singular worst restaurant experience I've ever had. They claimed to be able to seat us in 15 minutes, but it was more like 45. We waited patiently with some really weak mimosas from their bar. Then we took our seat, only to wait another 30 minutes before a waiter took our order. It took us -- and I'm not exaggerating -- an hour and a half to get our food. When we got it, it was the singular worst presentation I've ever experienced. I ordered eggs and bacon to keep it simple. There were two pieces of burnt bacon on my plate and maybe one scrambled egg that was cold. During that whole experience, our waiter visited us twice. We had to hunt him down for the bill,and no offer was made to compensate us in any way. If a restaurant knows it is overwhelmed or will be slow, just deliver some drinks or some bread or appetizer to keep people happy. This restaurant, at the end of the day, gave off an attitude that they didn't really care. They have a good location, and they are milking tourists for all their worth for not much. Save your money and go stand in line at a great place. If there isn't a line, it ain't good.Not that good. I ordered the St. Nona's Catch. The menu describes it thus:
"Catch of the day on a crisp eggplant medallion, topped with crabmeat in a lemon butter sauce"
The "catch" was Tilapia, I asked and actually still ordered it because it was Jazz Fest week and wasn't expecting snapper from Irene's necessarily for $17 bucks. But the more I think about it, if you have any kind of crab shack in NOLA and have to get your fish from China frozen just take it off the menu. 
Anyway, what I received was the fish (ok) on top of a soggy eggplant patty topped with a chopped red pepper soupy topping that reminded me a lot of budget gourmet TV dinners. You notice how every TV dinner has a bunch of red peppers in it for flavor?  I don't think there was any or much crabmeat either.
My wife had a breakfast dish she described as bland. Next door is a place that is low key but much better food.
Nice looking restaurant though!Just walk by this place, don't stop in. The service from our waitress was poor however another table had a very bubbly and attentive waitress. The food was bland and not anything extraordinary. I can think of a handful of other restaurants to stop in nearby with better flavor and variety.Host very nice and accommodated my request to sit by the window to people watch! Service excellent, waitress very nice! Iced tea was brewed perfectly. The gumbolaya tasted awesome! A great combination of gumbo and jumbalaya! Not sure why other people posting negative reviews because my experience was perfect!Awful! Awful!! Awful!!!  If you have no taste go here.  We were desperate for a quick bite and sat at the bar to place an order.  The staff looked like they haven't showered in weeks and the food we saw people eating around us looked like vomit in a bowl.  We cancelled our order before it arrived and left as quickly as our feet could carry us.  Huge mistake on our part for walking in.  If you see this place, keep walking!!Great openness to the street.
Food was ok. 
One item on the sampler plate was inedible. The server subbed an order of bread pudding.
Very nice.
We would eat here again.Perfectly fine place for lunch and a respite after trekking through the French Quarter.  Busy, bustling, venue, great fried green tomatoes and fried seafood plate.  Did I say fried?  To me, it's all about fried.  High ceilings, place has been there for years.  Sit by the window and watch the world go by. Would return again.  Nice welcome when we arrived.  Would especially like to shout out server David, who was attentive and happy to share information about the area.The service was really good, our waiter gave us a history lesson on a couple local facts which we enjoyed. I had the shrimp creole which was average but my husband had the red beans rice and andouille sausage which he said was great. We had the fried green tomatoeswith fried shrimp on top and that was excellent! Would definitely recommend that appetizer. The Hurricanes hit the spot but be careful they hit a punch if your not careful.Typical tourist restaurant in French quarter. We stopped in because we where tired of walking and they had room. Waited along time for food. Quality was good portions are good.  I have Gumbolya which is gumbos combined with jambalaya.  Better then
I thought it would be.   Would not avoid the place or go out of my way to go. It just happened to be close and have short wait and we where tired.