I made a special trip all the way from the Quarter to try out this highly rated vietnamese bistro.  It is located right at the Oak Street trolly stop along the St. Charles line, one of the best ways to get here is by streetcar of course.  They have some unique items you can't find at vietnamese soup kitchens in Houston.  Like the oxtail and filet mignon pho.  
I ordered the Vinh's special beef pho with brisket,  oxtail, filet and meatball.  The meatball is nothing special, but the one medium sized oxtail was delicious as well as the 6 or 8 slices of filet.  The brisket was tasty as well.  The broth wasn't the best, since it was strongly anise-flavored and I just prefer a weaker broth.
I gave it an extra star since it had a modern, open kitchen interior.  Prices are a little high, that's one bad aspect.Still giving you guys a 5 star.  I would have just sent you an email to let you know about this, but I can't find one.  Been in the service industry too long to even come close to wanting to hurt your reputation with something so trivial.   However, you lost out on a big take out order on Friday to Jazmine (down the street) because no one answered your phone.  I did try 3 times, and it kept going to some generic voicemail "no one is available to take your call" each time.  Made sure I had the correct number. Thought you may just be closed the day after Thanksgiving, but I had to drive past from where I live to get to Jazmine, and Pho Bistreaux was very much open.  I know I can't be the only one who's calling and no one is picking up.  This was around 5pm on Friday.  From a business standpoint, you may at the very least want to consider changing your message.  Let the caller know they've indeed reached Pho Bistreaux, and you may be busy, but to try again.  But this can't be the only order the restaurant lost due to this issue in the past, or even the same day.  I was kinda bummed.  Really wanted to order from you & not some other place down the street.Great veggie pho! It's my go-to pho take out spot bc a) it's convenient b) it's fast and c) it's tasty! Veggie pho comes with broccoli, carrots, jalapeño, bean sprouts, basil, onion, and fried tofu! The waiters are all super kind as well. Definitely a good spot to check out!I, like others, was excited to see the signs go up on those windows for a new Vietnamese restaurant. I slipped in here before work for a quick bite on a Friday afternoon. I sat at the bar and it took some time before I was helped,but I think they were finishing up lunch service so it was fine. The menu is simple and that is fine with me. I ordered the iced limeade which was refreshing, the tofu spring rolls, and beef pho. The rolls were good, but had just a little too much noodle for me. The pho was so good!! There was so much flavor in that broth....omg! The beef was in large pieces which made it a little difficult to eat ladylike, but I didn't care. I slurped and gulped down this deliciousness. The staff was sweet, but could've been a little more attentive. I would still choose this place over Jazmine's...it's delicious!I don't get it. This place isn't that great. If you want pho... drive down the street for Pho Cam Ly or Magasin kitchen or that place on Feret, but skip this one.
They get 5 stars for staff friendliness. Absolutely wonderful service. They one server that was there came by our table even though you can order and pay directly at the counter. He came by and refilled my water at least three times which was awesome since i always make my pho spicy and then drink a ton.
I ordered the brisket pho. The broth is just ok. Good news it's not oily which happens often when the broth is subpar. It didn't have too much flavor but managed a tad of an after taste. The brisket was completely dry and the noodles were closer to a dente than cooked which isn't what i commonly expect in pho.
Overall i was sad that i wasted my calories here.Very very good! Excellent pho (the oxtail is a must) and terrific cabbage salad. My preferred Vietnamese joint.Nothing better than a good bowl of pho!
I was very happy with my meal here. 
For starters, the place is clean and bright. I really liked watching the kitchen staff doing their thing. 
I started with a grilled shrimp spring roll, it was fresh and tasty. My taste buds were loving the peanut dipping sauce, arguably one of the best peanut sauces I have ever encountered. I finished it off with a spoon. 
For my main course I had the pho combo, which gets you meatballs, brisket, and eye of round in a rich beef broth with rice vermicelli noodles. Standard condiments are sriracha, hoisin sauce, limes, bean sprouts Thai basil and jalapeños. You mix it all up to your taste and enjoy!
I will return here time and again to try out the rest of their menu!Best veggie pho in the city, hands down. I've also tried the chicken pho, which is amazing. Definitely the go-to when I want something hot and delicious. The bao is also amazing, and the service is always great. The place is a little small but cozy. You can see the staff prep and make the food behind the counter, and it always smells great inside. It's also in an awesome location right off Oak St.Proper Pho. Don't recommend adding fresh veggies as like one reviewer noted, it drastically changes the taste of the soup. Sliders are proper as well.Love this place! I come here anywhere between 1-4 times a week because I live right down the street, and the staff is always cheery and accompanying. I took some grad school classmates there once and was a little embarrassed because we had to wait about 20-30 minutes for a table at lunch time. However, the staff brought us free pork sliders (AMAZING) and comped our drinks to make up for it. I've come here with my two roomies a couple of times, both of which they have given us an order of 3 pork sliders instead of 2. I usually get the pho and personally find it delicious. The pork sliders and vermicelli are both to die for. Oh, and always, ALWAYS add on the egg roll to your meal.Pho was very good and staff were nice and incredibly accommodating. Well priced and nice spot.AMAZING! I take my pho seriously. It's my favorite, my breakfast, my rock. I could live off their vietnamese po-boys and spring rolls. num num numI freaking love this place. Super fresh ingredients, awesome flavor, i love the mix of the new and traditional. My go to is always the white meat chicken soup it is so aromatic yet savory and they definitely give you your money's worth in chicken, fresh basil and cilantro, perfectly cooked noodles, and crisp sprouts for days. After make two meals out of it.
My other weakness is the pork sliders, the meat is so tender and then then top it off with perfectly sliced mountain of cucumber carrots and one jalapeño for kicks. 
The staff has always been nice and courteous for me, i love that you watch them make your meals. Place is always super clean and i love the decor! I am so much happier with this place being at the location then the mystery steamed burgers please if only they delivered.I absolutely love this pho place!!!! It's currently my favorite place to get take-out when I'm busy. The staff is friendly and the place is very clean.Amazing restaurant! First impression of this small restaurant was fresh and vibrant. Waiter was on point and very courteous. Food was fresh and delicious! Thanks for a great experience.I got a small bowl of the white, chicken pho and it was BOMB. 
super cheap tooGood solid Vietnamese food. Manshape said his beef meatball pho was very flavoursome, the fresh spring rolls (one with fried shrimp one with shrimp and avocado) were good. I went for the vegetarian pho which was delicious and tons of additional veg as well as fried tofu, broth was mushroom based which made a nice change and more flavour than normal in veg pho. 
Staff super friendlyI really liked this place. There pork buns are awesome! The pho was good. The egg rolls were good as well! Everything I had was awesome! Would definitely go back.Amazing. Aaron and John were right. The "baco/sliders" were amazing. Recommend the pork. Very clean, fresh, and great taste.  Excellent customer service. Also, The Nail Lounge, is next door for a nice PEDI after all  the walking in NOLA.  I  NOLA.  Nice peeps.We ended up here after our other lunch plans fell through. Yelp said it was a good place, and it didn't disappoint. 
The restaurant has a unique design. The kitchen is open to the restaurant. The service was quick.  
We had the pork and chicken spring rolls as a starter. It's kind of hard to mess that up, but they were some of the best I've had. 
I had filed Mignon pho, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. 
To date, this place has the best pho I've had in the city. 
If this place was a little closer to the cbd, I would be a regular. But I will be bringing my wife back here soon.I love this place and go often, and have always had a great experience. Everyone here is always very accommodating and polite. The food is wonderful and very affordably priced.Had very good food. They have a "New Orleans" spring roll which has an egg roll inside of a regular tradition spring roll. May not sound as appetizing but it was surprisingly delicious! Very unique. Haven't ever seen that before! Pho was average.I like this place A-lot! The decor is modern with tables and chairs and this long high top bar that stretches the length of the kitchen. At this "bar" you can watch as they cook, create, and roll out their dishes! The kitchen is small but clean and lit up with wonderful greens and whites! All the food is right in front of you - encased in crystal clear glass.
The steamed buns with the grilled pork were crazy-good!!! The bun was sweet, soft, and sticky! It really countered and complemented the pickled carrots, jalapeno, and peppery pork. The grilled shrimp and avocado spring roll was as beautiful to look at as it was to eat. Again, you get to watch them make these things right in front of you! The Oxtail and Brisket Pho was incredible. The broth was amazingly flavorful without being salty like most other places in the NOLA pho scene.
I didn't wan to mention the costs but I will. The food you eat, in the portions they serve, at the price you pay, is like a gift instead of a value! I've already told my friends to check this place out, as should you!Overall, VERY impressed with Pho Bistreaux. The food served here holds up to some of the best that you can get in New Orleans East. 
First, the Pho with brisket and oxtail. The broth was outstanding--flavorful and satisfying. The broth at some restaurants can be quite oily. Not here, though. It was clean and flavorful, the obvious product of a long simmer. I learned later that the broth for the brisket and oxtail is stewed with that meat. 
What about the rest of the pho? The noodles were perfectly cooked. The meat was tender. What more can you ask for? The size of the dish is big enough where you can easily split it, making it a pretty good value. 
I also had the Bun with grilled pork and egg rolls. The portion of meat was more than generous and the marinade was just the right mix of sweet-salty. The egg rolls deserve a special shout-out. At a lot of places the egg rolls are an overlooked accoutrement to the Bun. Here, though, the egg rolls were fresh and full of flavor. Try to order 1 or 2 if you feel you have the appetite. 
I'm so glad this restaurant is in the neighborhood. I will definitely be going back.The pho and tofo spring roll is delicious! Oh, yes! I strongly suggest you try the Tai Tea here! It has the most yummy Tai tea I have ever taste! The tea is a little sweat, and better taste if iced.  For pho here, I think oxtail and brisket is the best.As others have commented, the menu is somewhat limited, but I have loved everything that I've tried. I feel like it can be hard to get good tofu in this city, but the tofu po-boy here is awesome. It probably doesn't hurt that they make their own mayo in-house either. At $4, it really can't be beat.
When I'm in the mood for lighter fare, the tofu spring rolls are my go-to. The veggies always taste fresh, and the peanut sauce is amazing. The vegetarian egg rolls are super yum, but also super greasy.
While the atmosphere inside is nice, if it is busy, it is pretty difficult to hold a conversation, as it gets fairly loud. So, I'd recommend going early/late to beat the lunch/dinner rush. I've also just called in a po-boy order and eaten it while taking a stroll down Oak St. Whatever works, right?!Really good Vietnamese food! Don't skip the grilled pork sliders. Friendly service which is sometimes a rarity in New Orleans.The service sucks! I was seated by the hostesses and I literally sat for over 20 minutes watching 2 servers pass me up! A gentleman came in and was seated and immediately he was attended too and served. I will not recommend this restaurant to anyone...I love this place so much!! They simply have the best flavored Pho in the city. And not at the crazy high prices of some of the other Vietnamese restaurants.Amazing foods here , but the Pho just a little salty for us Asian :) ... But yeah I love this placeHearing all the buzz about this new place, my wife and I decided to pay a visit last Saturday, and boy, it's so worth our trip.
We walked in around 5:30 pm, 1/2 hour after they had opened for dinner.  The place was 2/3 full, so we were greeted right away with a very friendly waiter.  He told me that almost all servers are in the family, so they do care to make sure their customers happy to keep the business moving.  They sure did, the service was excellent during our dinner!  The place is very clean, and they are proud to cook in open space so you can watch if you choose to sit by the bar.  The decoration and lighting are unique, noise level is average.  My wife loves the embroidered pictures of the Vietnamese models wearing  "ao dai" on the wall.  Another thing I should mention is your clothes don't smell when walking out of the place, a 5 stars for their ventilation system. 
Now, let's talk about food.  My wife ordered the grilled chicken vermicelli (bun) with extra egg roll, and I had pho filet mignon.  We also ordered a grilled pork sliders per our friend's recommendation.
Vermicelli: My wife loves it!  The vermicelli is boiled just right, the chicken and veggie are so fresh.  The fish sauce is mixed well, not too salty, not too plain.  I like their bowl, it looks...cute :)  I took a picture so you guys can see.
Egg roll: Very crispy, fresh, and perfectly cooked.  This is a must have if you eat here.
Sliders: My friend is right!  This food is new to us.  The closest I had before was Peking duck with steamed bun.  This is steamed bun with grilled pork and vegetable sandwiched inside. It tasted so good!
Pho filet mignon: When it comes to pho, I'm very picky.  I intentionally ordered pho to judge their cooking.  The pho is excellent!  I can tell it was cooked with all fresh ingredients, no msg, no commercial power in order to raise profit.  If you want to taste a true Vietnamese home made pho, this is the place.  The filet mignon was very tender and just melt in your mouth.  I couldn't tell myself but wondering how they make their money when making their pho at this quality.
Obviously, I would recommend this place to anybody who wants to try Vietnamese dishes.  I haven't given any 5 stars to any establishment, but I must make an exception here.  We will come back  for sure to try other dishes.  I hope this restaurant's food/service will be be kept intact for good.This place is great. Love the atmosphere! Love the location! Good pho, and the sliders, or tacos as I call them, are too die for! The bubble tea, or Boba is also really good. Just make sure to not get jelly in yours unless you're completely sure you like it. I personal prefer tapioca pearls. But overall great place!I ordered to go but I must say, the place is very nicely decorated. Modern, clean but a little confusing- they share a front door with a nail salon (lol)! The cashier lady, who I'm assuming is also the owner, was super friendly and understood my need for just Sriracha in a ramekin. We also share the same dislike of the packet sriracha so obviously I'm already biased to like this place. Now my order: Vinh special! The oxtail was SOOO good and the amount. What a deal! The rare beef was too thinly sliced but was good. I didn't care for the meatballs or the other slice of beef (I think it's brisket?). I enjoyed the broth immensely. It has the right hints of pho, the right amount of fat but still tasted lift and refreshing. All in all, I would totally come back if I ever drive thru NOLA.very delicious! Especially the chicken bun, tofu spring roll and pho noodle. Will recommend to all my friends!My new favorite Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans (and surrounding areas)! It's a very friendly, family-owned and operated establishment with the most amazing food and none of the pretension of many other new eateries in that area. The pork sliders are perhaps the most amazing thing I have ever ingested, and the pho is absolutely PHO-nomenal! Just looking at quality of the meat, the broth, and the veggies makes you wonder how they heck their food is that inexpensive! You can bet I'll be back there faster than you can say "oxtail."Ok. I'll admit. I was wary at first. It's not on the westbank and its in a weird spot. But boy were my misgivings WAY off. Best Vietnamese in the city IMHO. Better than any of my old haunts. Fresh clean delicious friendly. All bases are covered.Food quality ok. The pork sliders are good. Pho just ok. Egg rolls are good but not memorable. Service is very slow though. So overall just ok.We have had this pho on our list to try for s while. We should not have waited for do long. This place is GREAT. We had the spring rolls and pho ga. Both were excellent. What a fabulous addition to Oak St.  The service was very good and we had the best jasmine green tea we've ever had. We will definitely be back.A friend recommended me this place while I was looking a good spot for pho. The pho is delicious and the service is just great. I am now a regular customer and the service and food never disappoints me.As good as it gets! The best Vietnamese food in town by far. Authentic, the best quality, good prices, awesome service, and terrific ambience. We just moved from New Orleans to Iowa and we miss this place so much. We have been trying Vietnamese restaurants here and are always disappointed. I highly recommend the sliders, the spring rolls, the beef pho and the New Orleans roll... All my favorite. All the other items are awesome as well. You can't go wrong with anything. Miss my Pho Bistreaux.This is the best bahn mi (Vietnamese po boy) i've had in this city. and i've tried quite a few.Excellent shrimp poboy and hot tea. Nice atmosphere. As legit as it gets! Fresh to death!
Gosh these reviews have to be a novel don't they.
Don't forget to wash behind your ears.Love this place! Inexpensive and delicious. The staff is friendly and personable. I don't know how they make their grilled chicken but it is PACKED with flavor. The peanut sauce is super tasty. Would highly recommend the cabbage salad with grilled chicken. Bahn mi poboy or a big bowl of pho will cure your hangover quicker, I'm convinced. The price point here is pretty unbelievable. Get in there!Yummy in my Pho tummy! #NOLAFOODIE
Pho is the new CRAZE!! 
I work in Black Pearl and LOVE  the chicken pho with white meat the winter time. The portion sizes are extremely generous. They are really quick with orders and the nail shop next door is very convenient. 
PhogirlOutstanding. Food and service were both A+. I've driven by this restaurant a thousand times and never tried it. The Pho is incredible and tasty. We had 4 different types in our group and everyone loved theirs. The bun are very good- the spring rolls were good too. I would definitely eat here again.They need to change their menu on yelp as well as their website! Prices are completely wrong! You go to pick up your order and it is twice the price you are expecting to pay!  And you go home to find your order is wrong. Completely frustrating.I love Pho Bistreaux! The brisket pho is great, and the egg rolls are amazing. Love the iced coffee too!WOW!!! This is damn good food Pho Sure!! No really Pho places come and go..but the owner and staff at Pho bistro take mucho. Pride in the food they serve you..fresh ingridients, delicious appetizers and the pho..is the shit for sho!! Stupid I know right!! If you are craving Thai coffee or delicious Asian food in the New Orleans suburbs getcha ass down to Pho Bistro! !Highly recommend it, the food was amazing. I love the beef noodle and summer roll a lot .Super Yummy. The people are exceptional and the tofu sliders are to die for!!! The decor is fun, fresh, bright, and appealing. Pho definitely gives Vietnamese food a good twist. Everything is fresh and green. Love it!!The food and the service was fantastic! The bun sliders are a must try. One of the best things I have ever eaten! The pho was fantastic and we had the best service.I ate here twice this past week! Having moved from Minnesota, where my mom makes the most delicious pho ever, I thought I wasn't going to find a place that sold pho that was up to bar. Pho Bistreaux's filet mignon pho is SO GOOD. I love Filet Mignon, and the meat is so tender. I also tried the grilled chicken sliders and the New Orleans roll, can't go wrong with those. Definitely my favorites.What can I say... I've sworn to everyone I know that Lily's is hands down the best Pho in town. But I also haven't tried every Pho spot in time... So after giving Pho Bistreaux I try I was pleasantly surprised! Delicious broth! Absolutely amazing! Definitely putting them in the rotation .... Well right now the rotation is only Lily's and Pho BistreauxSo excited to have more Pho options Uptown. I usually make the hike to the west bank for Pho but now there are many places to explore on the east bank. OKay so we sat outside, brought our own wine (they did not charge a corking fee, hooray!), and had a lovely waitress. The Vegetarian Pho was just as good as Pho Tau Bay. The tofu was firm and the broth was tasty. I had the veggie egg rolls which were piping hot and delicious. The waitress was awesome and very friendly. I will definitely be a regular there.
The only negative( and it's not even really that bad) thing I would say is that there could be more vegetarian options for appetizers. Magasin (another Pho restaurant Uptown) offers a little more on the menu for vegetarians. 
All and all I was very happy. Yum!The food and service are excellent! Everything tastes and smells delicious. The restaurant atmosphere is welcoming. Staff is knowledgeable and attentiveness. It has been a pleasure eating at Pho Bistreaux. I highly recommend great prices for the quality of the food.I had chicken pho ga, and the tofu spring rolls. Both were very good, but it wastn't much to rave about.  I wish the had a smaller portion for the vegetarian pho. The prices with tip was a little bit pricier than other pho restaurants.  I have been meaning to check this place out, and I finally did.  It's okay, but probably won't be returning with  places like Magasin and Pho Noi Viet around.This place is great. I've lived in the neighborhood for 20 years and have passed by the location thousands of times but never went inside any of the businesses that previously occupied the location. These guys did a great job. The place feels clean. It's family run. I like how the kitchen is open, on display for all to see. I definitely recommend the pork on steamed bun sliders for an app. AMAZING! I thought the filet mignon pho was very tasty. The meat tasted very good. Everything tasted fresh. Staff was friendly.  I can't wait to come back. 
My only negative thoughts and advice to the restaurant owners is to get rid of the TVs and pop music playing in the background. The atmosphere would be better without that junk, IMO.I tried it for the first time not long ago, and I have to say that for the most part it was cilantro. Seems that all I could taste was the cilantro. Maybe it was just an off day.This place is tasty, fast, and efficient. I like that you can order pick-up from the Yelp app.What a pleasant surprise!
Coming from Philadelphia, which arguably has some of the best Vietnamese food in the US, I was prepared to be underwhelmed. I was a little concerned when I heard the rice wasn't "broken" and the waitress wasn't sure if the pork was marinated in lemongrass, so I opted for pork on vermicelli noodles with a fried egg. The pork was marinated in lemongrass and the dish was fresh yet did not compromise on explosive flavor. 
We also ordered the pork sliders (on a bun, not tortilla), which were delicious, and shrimp and avocado egg rolls, which were also excellent. The oxtail pho had tender meat and tasty broth - a well-executed pho dish. The pork banh mi here was also great - not too dry and with good flavor.
I'd probably rate the food 4/5 stars  but their service carries them to a 5/5. The waitress was super friendly and humored all of my questions, and our server was prompt and accommodating when we asked to be moved from the counter to a table. Our food came quickly and everything was well-timed. He also was very willing to split the check - hooray for being college-kid friendly! The kitchen was open so you could see they keep it very clean. 
We all ended up having a surprisingly great meal and experience, thanks to the fresh food (a welcome change from all the typical heavy, fried New Orleans fare) and the fantastic service.- Been to Pho Bistreaux twice. It's become our only go to place for Vietnamese so far since moving down to NOLA. 
- Po-Boy sandwiches (tried the pork roll & pate and grilled pork) are delicious; crisp and flavorful bread, flavorful meats, and pickled vegetables!! 
- Vermicelli bowl with grilled pork is eye-catching, delicious, and plentiful (plenty of meat)!
- Pho soup was standard - not as robust in content or flavor as some I've have at less Americanized Vietnamese resturants.
- Boba teas are more like slushy smoothies, which is an interesting twist great for a hot day! The tapioca balls in them are softer and more flavorful too.My wife and I live nearby and used to eat at this restaurant quite often. They seem to be going downhill as of recent, but we decided tonight to give them another chance for takeout after a hard day if packing boxes. The food we received was subpar at best. The lettuce in our spring rolls was brown. Lettuce is cheap; if it is bad, throw it out. My vermicelli combo was ok, but my wife's combo rice platter was swimming in grease. Her meat portion looked and tasted like it was 3 days old and that the cooks tried to liven it up with oil. Needless to say, they failed. In any case, we are moving to Chicago where there is wonderful Vietnamese. Rest ashured, howerver, when we come back to NOLA to visit friends and family we will be going elsewhere for dinner.Two words... Pork sliders!!!  Amazing!!! You'll regret it if you don't eat these pillows of greatness!!!  I reordered another round after The Pho Ba fillet- which was also great ...Plenty to share
Our new favorite spot!!I feel a bit unworthy, since I haven't tried their pho yet, but the food I did try was fantastic!  Everything was fresh, well made, quickly served, and had a wonderful combination of flavors, colors and textures.
My companion chicken sliders and we shared the tofu spring roll.  The next day we went back for lemongrass tofu vermicelli and the Vietnamese fried pork poboy!  It was all great!  The poboy and the sliders had lots of crispy veggies, some hot pepper, and the wonderfully seasoned meat.  The veggie dishes were quite tasty too, and I appreciate their willingness to have so many veggie options, and not just as afterthoughts.  
We also had the New Orleans spring roll, which is a small egg roll wrapped in a spring roll.  You can get it with meat or not.  Great again!
What a wonderful spot, it is clean, pretty, and the service is very friendly.  We sat at the bar which was fun.This has quickly turned into one of my favorite weekly stops. The shrimp sliders are absolutely delicious though, then again, I haven't ordered anything from here that wasn't great. Friendly staff, flavorful food.I know my Pho, and I was pretty disappointed by what I had here.The broth was flavorful, but it wasn't as good as the reviews had me hope. The biggest problem was that the meat portion in the large was skimpy - just three or four small pieces. That was a huge surprise. I may go back for the sliders, but I'll be trying other places for the Pho.This is by far the best place for tofu spring rolls in all of New Orleans. I actually have been to every other place and nothing beats it. I am no longer living there and I actually miss them every day it's true. Also their peanut sauce is the best. I asked for the recipe but all she told me was peanuts :/ anyways if your a vegan like me .. Eat these cheap 6-7 dollar spring rolls that will fill you up for at least half the day.Stopped here during my visit to NOLA, and I'm glad I did. The spring rolls were refreshing, and the sliders were delicious. The Pho was also very good, with a broth that leans towards the savory side of the spectrum. I would definitely come back if I was from the area.This is a great find. The food is spectacular. The pork sliders are a bite of heaven on a soft bun. The beef pho was fresh and flavorful. I would also recommend the NO egg roll and the bistreaux egg roll. The restaurant is fun open and inviting. Definitely 5 stars.Ordered from here last night. Have been in the usual post Mardi Gras body revolting against so much fun phase and not feeling 100%. I also gave up meat for Lent. This could have been a terrible combination, as ALL I wanted was some Pho but most broths are beef based. Enter Pho Bis!! Got the vegetarian pho and an order of the tofu steam buns-both things were EXACTLY what I needed and I'm fairly certain it put me back to feeling 100%. Also, the woman who took my order and then processed my pick up was super friendly. Great place, will gladly go back.The grilled pork is amazing. The pho is heavenly. The staff is extremely helpful and more than any other pho restaurant I've been to, they make their food accessible to non-Vietnamese guests. I will miss this place!Our last meal in New Orleans, was surprised by this great little place. We all love what we ordered.
We had combination pho soup, summer rolls, and thai tea with tapioca. Decent portion and taste, we loved everything. My friends we have the noodle salad and some other dishes all like their orders too. Our waiter was super patient with us. Great experience here.I have been living here for a year and I just tried Pho Bistreaux for the first time the other day and I have been missing out!!!! Their pho is the best in New Orleans... definitely add veggies to your soup for some added flavor and excitement! Love that option... 
It's also really cute when you dine in and the owner's daughter is there... she is so adorable! 
Definitely try this place if you havent already!!Just dropping in to mention how amazing the Grilled Beef Vietnamese Po-Boy is here. It comes with freshly seared shaved beef, with grilled onion in a very savory lemongrass-garlic-chilli sauce, served on freshly baked french bread.  Definitely in the top 5 po-boys I've had in my lifetime!Short version: A MUST TRY!
Long version: I found this spot via yelp, and I was not disappointed. The Pho was delicious. Many time, you have to add a little soy, hot sauce, or Hoisin. This broth was spot on. I only added a touch of Sriracha, because I like it spicy.
I ordered the large beef filet Pho and sucked down the entire bowl. I finished the entire bowl, so I recommend getting the large bowl unless you are not very hungry. There was a generous portion of rice noodles, but I wish there had been a little more broth. 
The broth already has some spice to it, so try it before adding anything. It really doesn't need anything. 
I was watching the other food being made, I and I could have ordered the whole menu. Everything looked fresh and delicious. The kitchen is open, so you can see what is being made (great for OCD clean freaks like me). 
I will difinitely be back next time I'm in town. A+My favorite Pho in the city! Decent price for a large bowl. They aren't skimpy with the Ingredients. Try the shrimp steamed buns as an appetizerBest sliders in town & the shrimp salad looked delicious! Always great & friendly service. Conveniently located!Yummy avocado boba tea and that New Orleans roll is killer! Fiancée had vegetarian pho and liked it. Service was good. Quaint location. Will visit again!Really good soup, pork bahn mi, and spring rolls. It gets a little hectic when they're busy, but worth the wait. Ask for Savannah -- she's super great.This is the best pho I've had in new orleans. The vegetarian pho (with tofu) is incredible, I come at least once a week.We tried Pho Bistreaux for takeout since it's near our house, and while it wasn't the best pho I've ever had, it was passable and hit the spot on a Wednesday night.
Very friendly staff, pho packaged for takeout very well, all accoutrements included. The egg rolls were tasty and not too greasy, but I just hate places that give you three per order, make it an even 4! We also got pork spring rolls, which I thought were fresh and generously sized.
We'll definitely be back for more takeout.Everyone needs to try Pho Bistreaux!!! I never liked pho before trying this place, but they do it flawlessly! The filet mignon pho is usually my go to, but i recently tried the ox tail and now I think I am a convert! So delicious and tender. The pork sliders are also AMAZING--must try for an appetizer. And to top it off, the family that owns it is so nice! They treat every customer like family and love what they do. It is also the perfect cure for a bad hangover! Go Pho Bistreaux!Our waitress, Sydney was very helpful and friendly. Top notch service. The food was fresh, fast, and delicious. I would highly recommend coming here with a small group, so that you could get spring rolls and sliders, in addition to a big bowl of Pho.My wife and I came here to get our pho fix after church this past Sunday, and it was what you come to expect from a pho place. The encouraging sign was that a family that appeared to be Vietnamese was dining there, which always bodes well for the food that they serve. We certainly weren't disappointed with what we ordered, although I'm starting to think that pho is something that you really can't screw up. I'm becoming convinced that rare eye round steak pho is the element that is missing in the Middle East peace process. The one aspect that was missing was that the iced coffee that they served didn't come in a drip pot. The menu branches out a little bit from a typical Vietnamese restaurant, as they have some bistro items that are more familiar to the American palate, such as sliders and po boys. Overall the experience was a good one and this will no doubt be a place to which we return many times.This place is great! The chicken sliders are probably one of the best dishes in the entire city. It is super underrated and deserves a try.Good solid Vietnamese food. Manshape said his beef meatball pho was very flavoursome, the fresh spring rolls (one with fried shrimp one with shrimp and avocado) were good. I went for the vegetarian pho which was delicious and tons of additional veg as well as fried tofu, broth was mushroom based which made a nice change and more flavour than normal in veg pho. 
Staff super friendlyGood sandwiches and sliders. Boba tea and iced coffee are delicious! I find it very annoying that their full menu is not on their website though.First things first, order the Pork Sliders.  Honestly, you could order anything with pork, and you won't be disappointed  Also, be sure to try the Vietnamese Iced Coffee; you're in for a delicious treat.
The restaurant is a family run establishment, and both the food and the service are excellent.  Everyone is super-friendly, the service is fast, and the restaurant is very clean and well-kept.  The food is some of the best Vietnamese food that I have had in town.  I have been working my way through all the appetizers, and, as much as I love the egg rolls, the pork sliders are the best.  I typically order bun, and they give you a generous helping of meat and veggies with your vermicelli.  A touch of hot sauce, and this meal really shines, but, if you prefer a sweeter taste, it's still delicious without the pepper sauce.  
I don't live far away, and so I expect to be here quite a bit.Great location, eons above the Curry Corner that preceded it.  How do you make bland curry?  (BTW Indian cooking is a hobby of mine, so I know a little about it).  Anyways, the sliders at Pho Bistreaux were awesome.  Had the Pho and it was merely OK.  Lacked some flavor, but was also small for the price with not much meat. Still pretty good.  Definitely didn't get our money's worth unlike many other Vietnamese places in town.  I'm not sure about eating at high tables like they have here, it kind of makes it a bit uncomfortable, but I'm weird like that.  I'll say this we've come a long way on the Eastbank when a Vietnamese place this good would rate only 3 stars.  So many good options out there now in the city!I normally don't trust any Uptown Vietnamese restaurants, but after reading the positive reviews about this place, I decided to give it a try, a lot of people liked it, so it can't be that bad, right? It was beyond bad!! I had the beef pho and it was literally just beef! No other kinds of meats were added. I've never had a bowl of pho that only has one kind of meat, except for chicken pho! The soup has no flavor whatsoever, even after adding all the sauces and herbs, it was like eating instant pho at home, so disappointed. I also ordered the soda lemonade, and it didn't taste anything like soda lemonade. I'm sure they have other dishes that are better, but if you're specializing in "pho" then at least make it edible. I walked out hungry after dining here and will never come back again.I've been here before for Pho and I enjoyed it, but this time I had the pork sliders and they were so good! I wish I can eat it everyday! Great spot near the street car and the atmosphere is perfect. Had great service too!I eat here on pretty much a weekly basis at this point; it's become a staple of my diet. I LOVE pho bistreaux, so much in fact that occasionally I'll show up to the uptown location on a Monday forgetting it's closed and make the trek out to their elmwood location because my heart is set on pork vermicelli and nobody else does it better. I have celiac disease and a handful of other medical food restrictions, and the staff here are so kind and accommodating. 
No matter what you order here, I promise it's going to be good. My favorites include Beef Combo Pho, Pork Vermicelli, Lemongrass Chicken Spring Rolls, Avocado Spring Rolls, and their Thai iced tea is to die for!! My friends love their banh mi and shrimp dishes and egg rolls, and I've been told their steamed pork buns are unbeatably delicious. There's something for everyone to enjoy here - plenty of options for vegetarians and carnivores alike! And again, the staff is so nice, I love the whole team!I think I eat here on average at least once a week. I love Pho and have tried a multitude of different places around New Orleans, but I always end up back here. I literally crave Pho Bistreaux on a weekly basis and have introduced many family members and friends to it as well. The Filet Mignon Pho is amazing, as well as just the simple white meat chicken pho. You can't go wrong here.I had the pork banh mi and enjoyed it! The egg rolls are ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! I didn't love the spring rolls but only because I'm not in love with vermicelli.  The pho and slicers (buns) were sooo delicious! I never knew this place was so good. Meals run about 10 bucks but banh mi is 6.50 and the slave is very low key,  nothing special but the kitchen is clean.  I'll add or to my repertoire!Decent pho, but definitely not the best I've ever had. I wouldn't recommend the steamed vegetable add-on, because it sort of ruins the pho broth flavor. Also, the portions are a little bit small.Without a doubt our favorite Vietnamese restaurant. That food is always amazing...long live the pork sliders!!Such quick polite service. The brisket phô was so awesome. Julie was a great server. High energy and got us everything we could have wanted before we even asked.The decor is eyecandy and makes a very great social venue for eatery.  No need for redundancy since most reviews speak for itself.  Food is fantastic especially the sliders and tofu vermicelli. The staffs are genuinely welcoming and catering. 2 thumbs up.It's hard to get a lot of Asian food choices in NOLA but a girl needs her Asian food after too many non Asian meals.  Found this on Yelp and we went since it was right on street car line.  The food was very good, loved the Ox tail!Love the food. But we showed up at 8:50 one night to order a to go. We were talked out of ordering because the kitchen decided to close early. They close at 9. Reluctant to go again when they treat their regulars that way.I eat lunch here at least twice a week. The Vietnamese Iced Coffee is the best in town. Go for the Oxtail Pho or any menu item with grilled shrimp. They will not skimp on shrimp by cutting them in half like many other Vietnamese spots. 
Pho Bistreaux's food is delicious, but what sets them apart is the friendly staff and gracious owners. Just really good people. I'll be back: probably today.I've been here twice and have really enjoyed both visits. Last week I came here with some friends and we were disappointed at the lack of drink menu until our server reminded us it was BYOB--and pointed across the street to Rite Aid. I ordered brisket pho and pork sliders, and both were great but I must say the pork sliders were the best I've ever had and should be a full sized meal. I ordered more to-go for my boyfriend and I maintain they're better than Mint's (he disagrees). I'll be back again!My husband and I eat pho probably once a week on average. We just tried Pho Bistreaux and it was good. The broth is excellent- definitely a taste I couldn't place. The meat was thinly cut and fatty- perfect for pho. You can add veggies or mushrooms for an extra $1.50.
I got the taro tea and my husband got the mocha tea. Wonderfully blended but my only complaint was the tapioca was pretty gummy- not cooked all the way. 
It's more expensive than our usual place but it's like four blocks away. Maybe we will save it for our lazy days.When I'm hankering for some Vietnamese food in a hurry, this is where I turn. I've dined in and ordered takeout, and I've never been disappointed. The service is fast, and they have a pretty good selection of food. I like the combination rice plate and the shrimp roll appetizer. My only complaint as far as food goes is that they don't have the clear noodles. That's a major bummer for me. The rice dishes, however, are pretty spectacular.I ordered take out a couple weeks ago just for myself.  I got the usual - brisket pho and an order of New Orleans Rolls, a helping big enough for two or three meals.  I walked down to the restaurant to pick it up and it was ready when I got there.  Then I pulled my usual move of asking the hostess, "Do you think I could finagle extra bean sprouts and extra peanut sauce?"  This has never been a problem, but I appreciated her response of "Because you used the word 'finagle,' I'll get that for you. No problem."
I just thought that exchange was funny and exemplifies the excellent and friendly service I usually get at Pho Bistreaux.  Keep it up!No complaints great food without the drive to the east. Only issue for me was the parking.  I had to drive around 2 times before finding a make shift parking spaceI only get the pho and egg rolls and ITS PRETTY GOOD! It's super quick and chill perfect for just grabbing a bowl of chicken pho...service is super nice. I always just sit at the counter and grab a bowl and I'm usually out in 15-20 min. This is one of my favorite pho spots, you get to see mostly everything going on in the kitchen!The food was tasty, quality pho broth AND awesome vermicelli bowl. However, we were very disappointed in the hygiene practices of the staff handling food. A young woman in charge of preparing fresh food kept her gloves on while she handled her phone and texted like the gloves were there to protect her from the fresh veggies vs. protect the consumer from her dirty hands. We also observed our server handling dirty dishes  and bus tubs then making our lime sodas with her unwashed hands. We also saw tubs of shrimp sitting out at room temperature the entire time we were there. If you got sick after eating here, now you know why. It would be a five stars for the fabulous food and 3 stars for the okay service if not for the lax hygiene practices (which may just be a Louisiana non-regulation thing but where we come from this place would be fined/shut down for these and other practices).Despite its name, I think Pho Bistreux's strength lies in their non-soup offerings. Their pho is decent, but I've had better in the city. However, their rice and vermicelli bowls, as well as their spring rolls are delicious!  For instance, the reason I'm giving this restaurant 5 stars is simply for its grilled shrimp sliders. They are SO GOOD. I stop by to get them at least once a week or I get cranky. The service is quick and friendly, and I find the prices to be really reasonable. All in all, highly recommended.For a while, there was a bit of a debate for me. Magasin was cute and familiar, lighter, and very tasty. Pho Bis was closer, heavier, and to a small degree less tasty. 
But that changed over the course of the last year. As Magasin's portions declined, as their flavor went more bland, and as their evening crowd started bringing their own wine AND TALKING IN ALL CAPS, well, I relied more on my alternative. 
I definitely back Pho Bis as a solid choice. The food is great (a touch hoisin-heavy, but I like that mess), the staff is always friendly, and the wait times are miniscule even on a busy night.
Oh, and try the sliders. I got those by mistake once (phone order, bad reception), and they are just fantastic.
Afterward, go get you some coffee at Rue. They have an excellent echo chamber, and you'll certainly feel inferior when ordering! Or, you know, Pho Bis serves that awesome Cafe Sua Da. Do that instead.Came here as a backup because Jacque-Imo's was closed.  But honestly, this was a really great meal!  A small, well air-conditioned space.  And the St. Charles streetcar drops you off right in front of the restaurant at Oak St!  Very reasonably priced and the food came out quickly.  
To start off, we ordered the Pork Buns and some Taro Bubble Tea.  Some of the tapioca bubbles in the tea were still a little hard or frozen? But other than that, the tea was good, not overly sweet.  The Pork Buns were actually my favorite.  If the entire meal consisted of multiple orders of those, I would have been perfectly OK with that.  
As our main we ordered the Dark Meat Chicken and the Eye of Round Pho (both large) with steamed veggies.  Both were really good! I'm partial to the chicken broth so that would be my choice of the two.  Would definitely recommend getting the larger size for the full meal.This place was delicious! We ordered a second round of spring rolls and sliders because they were so good! By the time out entrees came we had to box everything to go because the portions were so generous! The chicken pho was outstanding and their specialty drinks were a refreshing treat! Great service and nice atmosphere.Went back for takeout for a late Saturday lunch with my girlfriend.  We got a brisket pho and New Orleans Rolls to split, and asked for extra bean sprouts.  Even splitting the food we had leftovers, which I enjoyed for dinner.
Love this place. It's a new regular for us.Beautiful and delicious! I ordered the Chicken Pho with added vegetables. The vegetables were fresh and tender, but not over cooked. Everything else about the soup was as good as you would wish, while the crunchy onions on top helped to set the dish above the rest. I loved the onions; as they melted into the soup, they added a special boost of flavor. I really enjoyed this dish from first taste to the last drop.I'm from New Jersey/NY and there are plenty of vietnemese spots around my area and this has to be hands-down one of the best spots I've been to. The Vinhs pho special and New Orleans roll was amazing..and the pork buns are also a must. Can't wait to head back down to NOLA. I will be going to this spot more than once.The new hangout for all the schools around Orleans... This is a "must go" place. The staff is kind, quick, and you can feel a family attachment with them. The food is fit for Gods and really unique and artsy compared to most fancy restaurants in the Area. The place is clean and modern. Colorful and open. And you can actually see your chefs cook because the kitchen is open with a modern futuristic look. Overall, the food is filled with colorful flavors and prepared expertly. Get the sliders!The spring rolls are amazing! 4.50 for fruit boba which is really good. The soup noodles are bland in my opinion, I didn't really like those. But the cold noodles were good. But those spring rolls!!! My new favorite Vietnamese restaurant.Yay! We made it! Best thing is to take the trolley for $3 all day pass.  Ride  around till you find this place! I saw this place on one of the food shows about New Orleans! They mentioned the Baco! Banh Bao Taco!  
I had the Strawberry Lychee Smoothie with boba!  I bit too creamy for me but next time I will get with less milk.
On to the good stuff! The Vinh Special Pho Bo is Da' bomb! It has oxtail, filet mignon, brisket, and meatballs.  It's flavorful!!! The oxtail is tender cause it's probably stewed since yesterday!  The side garnishes includes bean sprout, Thai basil, jalepenos and a lime wedge! Add everything!!! Top off with some siracha and hoisin sauce ( it's sweet, dark sauce in the table). Just add a little of the hoisin sauce bc it's strong. 
My Grilled Shrimp Bun Slider is delicious!! I love the flavors! Especially the Cajun sauce the drizzle on top.  The carrot/cucumber garnish gives the crunchy contrast to the soft white steamed bun.  Definitely worth a try!!!This place is YUMMY! called in my order on the way to town,  and it was there,  calling my name when I got there.  I always get the same: shrimp vermicelli. 
They did not disappoint.  I'm hungry talking about it. Price was ok. It's a small area for checkout,  but the food was so yummy,  I didn't care. 
I must visit again soon.Hands down the best Vietnamese restaurant I've ever been to. Spent about a week in New Orleans with my girlfriend -- this was our favorite place to eat! Our server, Justin, was fantastic -- eat here!Located at the edge of a revitalized Oak St, this Vietnamese bistreaux keeps is simple: pho, bao, spring rolls, and bahn mi. 
I've sampled nearly every item on the menu here, but the meatball pho remains my "go to dish." It has all of the elements of a great pho: very warm in temperature, perfectly tender meat, and plenty of add-ins (cilantro, basil, jalapeño, lime, sprouts, sriracha, fish sauce, etc).
In previous visits I've sampled the pork spring rolls as well as the pork po boy. Spring rolls are plump and filled with your choice of meat, fresh off the grill. Conversely, the po boy is a little on the small side, which is typical, but makes up for its small size with house baked bread and delicious fillings. For a little something different, I highly recommend the house-made Thai Tea. Caution, however, it can get a little pricey when you purchase multiples. 
All in all, Pho Bistreaux is a viable option for the casual diner strolling oak street, or if you live nearby (like me). Good eats!The food here is fine, but nothing to write home about. Where it departs from a traditional Vietnamese place, it's always worse. Carrots are not pickled. No daikon on the Banh-mi. They seem to be perpetually out of things, even early in the day. It never rises above mediocrity, making one wonder just why they even opened the place, and it  has a fresh and promising vibe.Wow!!!! There menus are the same as magasin! Even there spring roll plattings are the same, wow so inventive.. Sigh !!! I guess imitation is a great form of flattery! The place is cozy and cute.. Food is good.FINALLY!  Delicious Vietnamese food in Uptown New Orleans!
I couldn't have been happier when I heard that the strange "steamed" burger place was moving out of this corner spot on Carrollton & Oak, but I was even more excited to learn that it would become a Vietnamese restaurant.  Uptown has been in need of a good Pho spot for some time now. 
We stopped in for dinner last night and the space is clean, cozy and inviting.  We ordered the sliders, fresh tofu spring rolls, chicken pho, and lemongrass tofu.  Our dishes arrived quickly and everything was fresh, colorful, and plated beautifully.  As a vegetarian, I've eaten quite a bit of tofu, and I will say that their lemongrass tofu was flavorful and cooked perfectly.  To make me fall in love even more, they offer Vegetarian Pho! 
Pho Bistreaux has only been open a couple of weeks and it already seems like they have a following of loyal customers -- and rightfully so.  The staff was friendly and energetic and made us feel like regulars even though it was our first time eating there. 
A few reviewers mentioned that they close early, however I would like to add that they have updated their business hours to stay open later (talk about customer service!).  Additionally, this is NOT "fast food" nor is it a franchise -- the reviewer that said that must be confused because this a family owned, full-service restaurant.  
I will absolutely recommend this place and can't wait to go back! Thank you, Pho Bistreaux!
P.S. - Try their special iced coffee!VINH SPECIAL *mic drop*
After a weekend of late nights and tequila flights--- the only thing you need to cleanse the soul and renew yourself is the Vinh special. The. Pho. Is. So. Good. Sure sure you think it's another bowl of pho-- BUT THE BROTH! It's delicious and so flavorful with some hints of citrus? It comes with beef meatballs, short rib, and brisket. Also, there's something different about these pho noodles. They're a different texture than what I'm used to but it's the good kind of different! I will note that it only comes in one size (large) and it's a pretty huge portion. If I could do it all over again, I'd probably share the large portion with my boyfriend. Neither of us finished :(On a random afternoon for lunch I was in the mood to try something new and came in for my first pho experience.  I didn't really know what I was doing but I ordered the pho beef with filet and it was very good!  The flavor and aroma was delicious.  The portion was huge and I wrapped up the rest for another meal (probably two) later on.  I tried their house tea that was peach flavored and it was different but also very good.  The woman who took care of me was very sweet.  I will definitely be back.  I saw sliders on the menu that looked amazing and the gentleman sitting next to me up at the bar had ordered spring rolls that I thought looked delicious also.  All the ingredients look and taste to be very fresh in this place and the restaurant itself was clean and comfortable.  I'm so glad it's so close to our home!This place gets a 5 star rating for their consistency.
The food is ALWAYS good.
The staff is ALWAYS friendly.
The wait is NEVER long. 
And let me add, getting to-go from this place is the best. The don't forget to add any of the fixins you need for your meal and always pack the containers full. There's no size difference between eating there or taking it home. 
Add veggies to their mixed chicken pho, its perfect.Pho Bistreaux has just OK Pho, but has awesome Sliders.  I now skip everything else on the menu and just get the sliders to go. 
I ordered the Filet Mignon Pho and barely got any meat at all.  I feel that they changed the format or something because the last couple times I dined, it wasn't as good as the first few times I came here.
If you want the best Pho in town, go to Lilly's in the Channel.Strong logic on the other review... "yeah I went during closing hours and so I'm gonna rate them out of the experience I received." Food was pretty decent and service was okay. Went on the first day though so good luck to these folks.My love for spring rolls had quadrupled since trying them here. The service is always amazing and the pho... Don't even get me started. This is my girlfriend and I's favorite Vietnamese place another than actual Vietnam. Hallelujah hollabackWill try again. tried two different phos and the fried egg roll wrapped inside a fresh egg roll. this was good.
good pricePicture a idyllic Sunday afternoon stroll along a grande 150yr old oak lined grande southern avenue, electric trolley cars passing by. Street scene straight out of a model train museum. This neighborhood is a beauty. The ambiance of the area is a must see. We stepped in and were warmly greeted by the proprietor. She was super friendly and apologetic about the brief wait. Moderately sized dining area with decent mix of seating including single seats, hightops, and a handfull of low tops, approximately 12 tables total. The young waitress was also super friendly and polite...all smiles(I'm going to guess she may be the proprietor's daughter..? We chose 'bun' dishes, chicken and pork. They come with lots of veggies, vermicelli, protein, and a bowl of fish sauce (more like a vinaigrette)  The portions were VERY generous, as in I couldn't finish it... the only bad for me is it doesn't come with a chopped up spring roll. That's an extra..hmmmm? Overall a great deal, I highly recommend especially if you dig the pho craze of late...I came here for lunch on a Thursday afternoon. The place has nice decor but was a bit overstaffed and not as clean as it could have been. I ordered the Pho Ga with dark meat at which I was told they were out of dark meat. I reluctantly opted for the white meat after the server offered no other suggestions or apologies. 
The meal was quite huge - I took half of it home - however it very much lacked in flavor. It was a watery soup with plain pieces of chicken and barely cooked noodles. They do offer extra sides like jalapenos, lime, fresh mint and sprouts, but even after adding the additional sauce flavors available on the table, the meal was not tasty. 
They might have better items on the menu worth eating, but for a restaurant with "Pho" in their name, I won't be returning after their Pho Fail.I stopped in here for lunch today, one of the few local pho places I had never visited.
I walked in and I decided to take a seat at the bar, even though it was mid-afternoon and the lunch crowd had passed. The nice man behind the counter took my order. I was pretty hungry, so I decided on an order of grilled pork spring rolls and small bowl of brisket pho.
The spring rolls came pretty quickly and were tasty. As good as they were, I'm not sure they were worth $5.50, but when I'm Uptown (ish) I don't mind paying Uptown prices. 
The pho came out and it was a decent sized bowl. I gotta be honest- I compare every pho place to Pho Bang- my go to. I know that isn't fair, but it's the standard by which all other pho places are measured, in my book. For the price ($7.50) I was pretty underwhelmed. There were only a few pieces of meat and that was a disappointment. Also, the broth lacked flavor to me. It was okay, but it didn't knock my socks off. And why so stingy with the bean sprouts? I was given barely even a fistful. 
All in total, my lunch was $16 (I also got an iced tea which was huge) and while it wasn't the best Vietnamese I have ever had, it did the job and satisfied my pho craving. I wouldn't rush back to Pho Bistreaux, but I wouldn't mind stopping in again if I found myself in the area.Great little spot in Riverbend. This location has played host to quite a few different restaurants in the last few years but none of them seem to have been very successful or lasted for very long. The curse seems to have been lifted, as Pho Bistreaux has been there for a while and looks like they're here to stay! 
Even when they're busy the service is still quite prompt. I grabbed lunch with a friend recently; we took the only empty table in the place and still had our food within twenty minutes of sitting down. The menu itself is not nearly as extensive as other Vietnamese places in town, but it doesn't need to be. They stick to the basics - banh mi, pho, bao and the like - and they do them well. Plenty of vegetarian options too, if that's your thing. Prices are reasonable, my friend and I each had an appetizer, banh mi, and drink and it only cost us about 15$ each. 
I'm glad to see another decent pho place open up on this side of the river. Sometimes I don't want to have to cross the Mississippi and make my way through the West Bank for a good bowl of pho, you know? And thankfully now I don't have to.I've been sleeping on this place. It is now my favorite place near my job for pho. I really like their broth.
Service has always been good and they always pack the pho so carefully when I get it to go.
The only thing I'm not crazy about is when I order either the fillet or the eye of round, the meat is sliced thicker and larger than most places. I love thin, bite-size rare meat in my pho, so I'm kind of missing that component, but I'll still choose better broth over more thinly sliced meat.It has been a few years since my last (and first) Pho experience. This place makes me want to keep coming back. The flavor is amazing and the the spice is perfect! The service just tops it all off. My server was super helpful and friendly. Made great recommendations, especially for a novice Pho water like me. Simply Yum!Came here with friends after class. Had the pho special. Nothing spectacular. However, my friend had the vegetarian pho and said it was salty; I tried some and she was right. The ambience was just OK. Only good thing is it's next to Oak Street. Pricing was a little expensive compared to other pho places in New Orleans.To say I love their pho is an understatement. This place is fantastic! I usually get the white meat chicken pho and the meat is definitely great quality with a lot of it. The taste of the broth is addicting!So good! 
When you first walk in, the place doesn't seem much and a bit small. But the food is great! We always get the shrimp sliders for appetizers and then a chicken po boy. So many carbs, but it's delicious! I would always recommend this place to friends!Pretty much in love with this place.  Their pork bun is probably the best I have ever had.  Their pork, period, is ridiculous.  Spring rolls, good, peanut sauce, goooood.  I'll definitely be working my way down this menu.  And their service and staff are just super.A big group of us went here for my birthday about a month ago. I enjoy pho very much, Tan Dinh being the best I'd had. So I wanted to try out this place, as it's only three blocks from my house. It was absolutely fantastic! I called about 30 minutes ahead of time to reserve a table for the 11 of us, and it was ready when we got there. 
My girlfriend and I split an order of New Orleans rolls, which is an egg roll stuffed inside of a spring roll and served with peanut sauce. I could've just had two more of those! I ordered the combination brisket, meatball, and eye of round pho. It's served with a plate of cilantro, bean sprouts, and jalapenos. It was quite a sizeable portion, and was definitely plenty enough to fill up on by itself.  My girlfriend did not, however, enjoy her sandwich very much. It was too much veggies and not enough meat. She did save it by dipping it into my pho though. And she helped finish my pho as well.
Members of the group also brought beer and wine to have with dinner, and there was no corkage fee, which was very nice. I also had a limeade with dinner, which was very refreshing.
The staff did not mind that we were a big and loud group that was also drinking. In fact, they seemed to enjoy, not just tolerate, our boisterousness. Because they were so friendly, we left half the cookie cake we had for them to enjoy.
Lastly, the prices are very reasonable, especially for the portions.  And we've already been back once for takeout (which had the same size portions).
Very good, a new favorite.Unfortunately, two out of the last three times I've been, the pho has been so salty, it was inedible. Time to move on.(Woo hoo first review and I'm glad it's for this restaurant!)
To be honest, I didn't know what to expect considering how different all the reviews were but after some debate my bf and I decided to give it a try (being Vietnamese and wanting a taste of home).
I have no idea what that Kim N. character is talking about because this is no fast food chain. It's a full service Vietnamese restaurant, family owned and operated. Franchise?! How the heck is that true?? ANYWAYS! MY thoughts on:
1. Service- Excellent! I was greeted immediately by a very friendly hostess. My waiter was knowledgeable about the menu and quick to serve us.
2.Food- DELICIOUS! My waiter pointed us to his favorites, the sliders and banh mi, both of which were just sooooo good. **on a side note, I asked how it was made and found that all of it was homemade from scratch, down to the pate in the banh mi! I drool** I also ordered the combination pho. My bf ordered the pho oxtail. OMG they actually give a whole piece of oxtail and not just a sliver like at Magasin. Score! The broth was homey, delicious, and comforting. 
3. Others- I'm glad their hours changed and THEY'RE OPEN ON SUNDAY!!! YESS!! No more driving to the westbank for pho on Hangover Sundays! Being uptown, of course parking is a b*&#@ but wth...it's worth it! I came at a good hour too. I got there when they opened for evening services (at 5 PM). When I left it was starting to get oober packed.
When it comes down to it, I TOTALLY RECOMMEND!An ENTIRE piece of oxtail in the pho.. need I say more?! Plus raw filet mignon to add just before filling the bowl with delicious broth do the meat literally falls apart. Perfection. Such a great find near Tulane. 
*Get the Thai Tea with crushed ice!To start, the service is incredible! 2nd., The food (specifically pho) is spot on. I am so impressed with the quality of their broth. No need to drive across the river anymore.Be still, my vermicelli-lovin' heart. 
The menu is fairly small, but everything I've tried so far has ranged from very good to fantastic. I absolutely love the pork vermicelli. The meat is beautifully seasoned and flavorful. 
I'm so glad the "eat guilty free" steamed burger place got what it deserved, and that Pho Bistreaux has taken its spot. Highly recommend.Wow I can't believe that there are so many good reviews on this place. I went here today for lunch and the spring rolls I got were inedible. The avocado In them was rock hard. It was like chewing a rock. I certainly won't be back.Loved the Filet Mingion Pho! Incredibly tender, and had a very dark broth which means all the flavor!!! 
Also tried the New orleans roll yelp loved so much and lemme tell you, it was a really great spring roll! 
Sadly, service was sub-par. Could have been on their toes a bit more. Was a very long lag in between check ins and getting out ticket.
But I oversaw that because the food and atmosphere was so great!Just had take-out from this place for the first time.  We were happily surprised! The vermicelli bowls w/ pork and egg roll were great, as was the one w/ tofu.  We had the raw spring rolls w/ tofu, and they were great too! 
Very reasonable price, and it's in the neighborhood.This place is delicious! There was only one server, but our food came out on time. We got the pork sliders and I got the pho eye of round and a mango tango speciality drink. The pork sliders are the best I've had in New Orleans. The pho broth was good, but the amount of meat I got was lacking. The mango tango had lychee jelly in it and it didn't disappoint either.Nothing better than a good bowl of pho!
I was very happy with my meal here. 
For starters, the place is clean and bright. I really liked watching the kitchen staff doing their thing. 
I started with a grilled shrimp spring roll, it was fresh and tasty. My taste buds were loving the peanut dipping sauce, arguably one of the best peanut sauces I have ever encountered. I finished it off with a spoon. 
For my main course I had the pho combo, which gets you meatballs, brisket, and eye of round in a rich beef broth with rice vermicelli noodles. Standard condiments are sriracha, hoisin sauce, limes, bean sprouts Thai basil and jalapeños. You mix it all up to your taste and enjoy!
I will return here time and again to try out the rest of their menu!My friend and I went there on its grand opening.
The service was okay, it could be better but it was their first day so I know they are still working out some kinks. They told us our wait would be 20-30 minutes but we got seated in 15.
I ordered the chicken sliders and they were delicious! The chicken was seasoned really well and I have always been a fan of banh bao. I never thought to make banh bao into Vietnamese sliders until I went to Pho Bistreaux. 
I also ordered pho, i don't remember which one I ordered but it is whatever is equivalent to pho tai. The portion was a bit small but I didn't mind. The pho itself was pretty good. The broth had nice flavoring which is always a good sign of a good bowl of pho.
The prices here are a lot better than any other Vietnamese restaurant I have gone to Uptown. The prices are pretty good for an Uptown establishment.
I recommend this place to anyone who is in the Uptown area looking for a nice bowl of pho.Parking would have to be the only problem here. It's right on the corner of the main road and oak. If you're lucky you can parking around there, or you may have to walk a bit. 
A group of friends and I came in for lunch on a Sunday afternoon! The tables are fairly small 4 max to a table. They have your Vietnamese basics pho, spring rolls, vermicelli, etc. 
I ordered the Oxtail Pho $12, the only size it comes in is large. I'd have to say I was more impressed than I thought. The oxtail was very tender. However, the broth wasn't as aromatic/flavorful as I would like it to be. Not many places offer oxtail, so it's nice to know I have that option now. 
Overall, our service was great. We didn't have any complaints. I don't normally go uptown as often so this would be a special trip if I wanted oxtail pho.The food is delicious, the portions are amazing, and the wait staff are extremely polite!!! I feel so lucky to live so close to this place.Third time I've ate at this place and had the brisket pho each time, and each time I've gotten food poisoning!Great find.  Fresh and friendly.  Shrimp PoBoy and Chicken Pho with veggies and mushrooms were awesome.So good! I've been here twice, once for dinner and the other for lunch take-out. They take great care in how they package their to-go pho. No spills and nothing touching that shouldn't be. Their pho is so good, fresh and tasty. I've had both the filet and the chicken.  Both were yummy.  The staff is  super nice and helpful. The only thing I don't like is the lack of parking, but that's not enough to keep me away.Easily the best Vietnamese I've had in recent years. They didn't skimp on the filet minion in the pho like some restaurants do. It also came with plenty of veggies. The price was great for how much you get! Two people shared a small and still had leftovers. 
The pork and rice was also phenomenal. It had great flavor and enough for two to share as well. Will definitely be coming back!oOk... so my review is definitely biased! I eat here 3× a week. Usually the same thing the   minus the  add  . 
They treat me like  so this is my 2nd !Pho with rare steak, add vegetables. Mild broth with a hint of sweetness. I don't like it. 
Vegetarian pho, only large size available. Super salty broth. Extra hard fried tofu. Still don't like it. 
In California, would be a 1-2 star place. Rating against the dining experiences I've had in New Orleans, this has been okay.Amazing pho!! You get a lot when you dine in or carry out!  I would stick to the soup, though. Wasn't a big fan of the sandwich I had.The whole staff here are friendly. Including the ladies in the kitchen. They always wave with a friendly smile on their face. The one thing that separates this restaurant from all other Vietnamese restaurant, is their large ox tails in the pho. Ox tail pho is my favorite.   It is very meaty here.Located in a great neighborhood with a cute interior, Pho Bistreaux is the place to have New Orleans best pho! With a wide menu to choose from, you'll find exactly what your tummy desires. The serving sizes are very big so you'll definitely be full after one serving of pho. Definitely recommended!They did good. A struggle I'm sure in the beginning but by now I am sure they have everything together.
Parking is pain, on street but whatever right?
Had the pork sliders, it was great. Husband had pho, it was great. I had the goi ga. Viet style chicken salad. Best ive had. Don't even need the unoccupied mam that came with it, the vinaigrette in place in the bowl already was fine and light. Went well with the cabbage mix. Normally goi ga is dry but the chicken in this dish was different in that it was not dried out. It was tasty and moist. Lovely. I didn't feel guilty eating it. It was delightfully refreshing change from the normal goi ga. Great job.
Cash and plastic accepted, service was good, a bit small. Would come nack if in area.This is a must try for vegetarian pho fanciers. They do some of the most flavorful broth I've ever tasted!
I asked for more veggies, less noodles in mine, and there ended up being a rather large quantity of both. I should really just start telling them to hold the noodles entirely, 'cause I swear I never eat them. Just give me all the broccoli and cabbage and crunchy crunchy bean sprouts, and don't forget the fried tofu! I enjoyed the crispy onions on top, too.
Service was quick, but honestly we were the only ones eating that night. Odd. 
Based on the flavors, I'd have given them 5 stars but for the fact that they're BYOB and I really wanted a drink. But yeah, definitely worth a try. Easy to find, as they're right on the corner of Oak and Carrollton.Came back again with my gf for dinner. I got the shrimp vermicelli and she got the brisket pho. They were out of limeade but had fresh lemonade so all was ok. Our food came out quickly and our waiter was very friendly.  
My gf wanted to take half of her pho home and the waiter took it back to package it up. But when he came out, he told us he absent-mindedly threw out the rest. HOWEVER, he gave her a container of new pho and even put some more meat (she had eaten all of it) AND extra bean sprouts. Score!Amazing vegetarian pho and the portion is humongous. The tofu poboys are great! I love this place!I've been on a vermicelli kick lately, and found myself trying the vermicelli with shrimp at pho bistreaux, ba chi canteen on Maple, and Magasin in the last month. (Ba Chi was best, though it was packed and the service was a little spotty.) Pho Bistreaux's service was great, and the shrimp itself was delicious, but the vermicelli and toppings were a much smaller portion than at Ba Chi or Magasin, there were no bean sprouts, and in general the veg and toppings seemed sparse and not crazy fresh.
My friend got the pork and pate po boy and was underwhelmed. 
We might've just ordered poorly - their pho and soups looked delicious! In general, it seemed like a great place for a quick meal, but our food wasn't very exciting.Had the seafood pho and it was very good. Smaller bowl was just the right size for my appetite at the time. Waitress was very pleasant and knowledgeable in helping my wife choose her meal.My friends and I were looking for a good place to eat near a jazz bar we wanted to go to at night and we happened upon this place. It was phenomenal!!! Not only was it nicely priced but the portions were great and it came out quickly. I got the pho special that came with all the meats! I have to say, the ox tail was amazing. The meat was cooked to perfection and it was super tender too. Hands down one of the best Vietnamese restaurants I have ever been to.
I also got the shrimp and pork roll with peanut sauce and the Thai iced tea. Both were delicious and nicely priced. If I ever come back to New Orleans, I will be coming here again.Great Pho. Delicious food and nice people in there"TO DIE FOR???!" I ate there today at the New Orleans Oak Street location. The food was OK, but I almost died there and ended up probably saving all the lives of every customer and employee there! Here's a review you won't soon forget! I ordered the Pho with seafood and filet mignon. It was fine, I ate half of it and packed the rest up to go. But as my check arrived, I began to notice the increasing strong odor of propane gas. I notified my server, who ran across the restaurant to the kitchen and I watched him closely. He grabbed whoever had been in charge of the grill, a woman there and together they turned off the gas which had been flowing long enough to reach me on the other side of the place! Then, the truly amazing happened....NOTHING! They never so much as opened a door or a window to air the place out. They didn't evacuate the place until it was safe! The made no announcement to anyone. It was just business as usual again, like it never even happened! And as I left, my check wasn't discounted, or comped for probably saving the lives of everyone in there. They just said "Have A Nice Day." Like they would to anyone else! Pretty funny. No one ever was the wiser!* new favorite place forever ever ever *
Y'aaaaaaall okay so today was my first time at Pho Bistreaux and I absolutely loved it! I got the pork belly sliders and they were *incredible.* The sliders had thick slices of pork belly with sliced cucumber and garnished with parsley & a slice of jalapeno all in a steamed bun wrapper instead of hamburger bread. It was so so SO good.
Now to my fellow Asians - the bubble tea is not what you'd expect. I think all of their drinks are blended, and you can add tapioca or jelly to them. Not exactly what I was expecting, but the drinks are so good, as long as you know what to expect. I was a lil basic and just got a milk tea, but they have cool combos you can do with the bubble teas too! My roommate got coconut and coffee and she's basically in love with it.
tldr: It was my first time & I only got one food item and one drink item but they were both so good that I am definitely planning on coming back again and againVery busy lunch hour on the first day!  Wait staff very nice. Great style - love the counter. Yummy pho ga. Great addition to the hood.I've enjoyed everything I've tried here. Spring rolls, baguettes, pho, vermicelli bowls.. All yummy! Fast and friendly staff. Good prices. We are definitely regulars of this place.Extremely fast service on a weeknight with ample vegetarian options. I had very tasty pho and crunchy / highly satisfying egg rolls. Only minor complaint is that the vegetables in my pho were slightly undercooked. Doesn't really stand out from the  plethora of other Vietnamese restaurants in the area, but still a great meal.Excellent service, minimal wait time, flavorful dishes with one little flaw. The regular beef in the pho wasn't so tender yet they nailed it on the broth as well as their grilled pork slider appetizers. Next time I will order the pho filet mignon.They've stepped it up! Back to happy :) 
Not too salty, fresh vegetables, fantastic spring rolls. Yummy yummy.So tasty and affordable! Had the small brisket pho which was big enough to satisfy my hunger and then some. Only $7.50 for the small, and the large looked like a massive amount of food for $9.50. 
The broth was so good! It had a nice well rounded flavor without too much anise or salt. The basil, bean sprouts, and jalapeño that came were nice and fresh. 
My friend got a pork roll and pate bahn mi, stating that "the bread was beautifully warm and toasted". He was very satisfied as a man with a large appetite. 
All in all a great first meal of 2016! 
Highly recommended!Second visit was better than the first! Same waiter, much nicer. Different Pho. Still great. Perfect for my stuffy nose. My kids (15 and 7) also enjoyed it. This is likely to become my go-to when I need something hot and comforting. Yum!It seems like the old Whitney Bank building may have been cursed... until Pho Bistreaux opened, that is. I went for lunch during their grand opening. It was busy, of course, but I was surprised to have been seated within 15 minutes. 
Since we were kind of in a rush, we immediately ordered. I got the shrimp avocado spring rolls and the tofu banh mi. The spring rolls were exactly what I expected, they tasted fresh and didn't lack in anything. The tofu in my banh mi was cooked perfectly -- slightly crispy on the outside and surprisingly savory. The bread was also quite delicious. Toasted, but still soft. Not hard or crunchy like some others. 
Next time I go, I'll have to try the pho. There's no way this place should close any time soon. Decent priced Vietnamese food in my neighborhood is something I don't want to lose.Solid spot for poboy/banhmi though I don't see what makes it a poboy since the bread's Vietnamese. They were out of pork so we couldn't do Combination. Pork and pate poboy was succulent and the pickled veggies gave a nice crunch. Service is really friendly despite the busy lunch crowd, and accomodating; we requested pate on the bread for the chicken poboy too. Also give the Vietnamese coffee a try: it was really good with the crushed ice.
Downside: Avocado smoothie mostly taste like sugar and cream.Honestly I come here for the food because they have the best pho I've ever had in New Orleans but I went tonight with two of my friends and we were literally so happy with the service that I can't not write a review. I'm used to bad service at most of the college area restaurants but the girls who work at this restaurant are literally the sweetest and most professional people I've ever encountered in New Orleans. They really did put a smile on my face and I just went for some soup."Wow, look, another trendy-looking Vietnamese place has appeared uptown!  Let's check it out!    They must be good because they rhymed 'Pho' with 'eaux'.. how clever is that?"
Sorry for being snarky but I'm a real snob when it comes to Vietnamese food, and I'm of the belief that it's better to spend time and energy getting a good broth than it is to create a dining area that looks hip.  Even if "hip" means you shopped at Ikea.
The first thing I noticed is the decor, which has all the charm of a hospital cafeteria, with sectioned areas adorned with glass dividers, and danging 200 watt halogen interrogation lights in your face above each table.  This is another place where the acoustics are downright horrible.  Every conversation in this room is with everyone in the room.
More importantly, the Pho broth was profoundly uninspiring.  Absent any of the qualities that might make a broth legitimate.  However, they will dump some "filet" in your grey-colored soup, which then basically becomes a thinly sliced slab of grey meat in about 15 seconds.  Trendy.    
Then there's the "New Orleans 'spring' roll",  featuring a fried egg roll inside rice paper, for those who can't decide between either, and ultimately want something that fails at both.  What will they think of next?   How about a vietnamese gordita?  Take their frankenstein egg-spring-roll, then wrap it in some soft bread and drizzle sriracha on it, add a salty mountain dew for only 1.97 more!  Those carpetbagging tulane students will rave over it.  You're welcome!Excellent place with delicious food and very good service! Everything is super tasty. 
The only thing that would make it more awesome would be the Vietnamese style lemonade!Still delicious, still my very favorite for pho.
Super friendly staff and those sliders are amazing.I'm adding this restaurant to one of my favorite pho places! When you walk into this building, you'll think it's a little small but there's an open kitchen which makes the place feel bigger than it really is. When we got here it, it was almost packed. The former waitress in me felt like I had to eat and leave quick  so there would be a high turnover rate. People started to trickle out and I didn't have to feel rush at all. My BF ordered the combination beef size large bowl and I ordered the chicken noodle soup. You get a choice of dark, white, or mixed chicken. I got the mixed meat in my bowl and it was really good. I felt under the weather and this bowl hit the spot just right! My BF really liked his pho too. He is picky with his bubble tea and asked the waitress which flavor is made with fresh fruit. She said the mango flavor is made with fresh mangoes so we both ordered that with lychee jelly. It's not too sweet which we both like. We will be back soon! Service was quick and our waitress was friendly.Let me start off by saying that our waitress was a complete doll, she was so cheery and knowledgeable about the menu. My mother ordered a pork and rice dish and I ordered pho with meatballs (ha, meatballs!). The pork and rice dish was delicious! The pho broth was also one of the better ones I've tasted....before my mother added like half a lime and made it taste like limeaid D: (messing up peoples pho should be against the law, lucky I love you mother!! Lol).
My only problem with the pho is while I did order a small, the portion was smaller compared to other restaurants I've been to. I decided to order a combo banh mi to go. I'd avoid ordering banh mi here. It isn't stuffed with anything special nor is it stuffed to the brim. I just didn't see or taste anything to justify such a high price of 6.50 I believe. I've had better from Hong Kong Food Market for 3.00. The pho was definitely my favorite dish before the limeaid incident (i still weep about it till this day D': ). 
However the prices here are higher for smaller portions and ya know, rey rey ain't bout dat life. Maybe the location makes things higher? I dunno. I would consider giving this place a 4 star rating but that banh mess brought it down to 3. Would I come back? Probably not unless it was a special occasion.Popped in here looking for something a bit cheaper after splurging at Cochon the night before. We have a lot of really good Vietnamese food in Australia and this was as good as any I've tasted. The actual stock used in the pho was exceptional. The grilled pork Viet. Po boy was as good as my favourite back in Brisbane Aust. The place  is clean, service is fast and friendly, limeade made with real limes. No hesitation recommending this if you're looking for something cheap and very very tasty. BYO from across the road.After looking and seeing the great reviews. We decided to check it out.  The service was excellent, friendly and helpful.  The phood (-- see what I did there) was ok.  We had the dumplings the dipping sauce was good however the dumplings were microwaved.  The outer edges are hard (not crispy). The server said they were known for their sliders. They were not that good.  The pork belly was slimy and flavorless, the chicken sliders were pedestrian at best.  We ordered the filet mignon pho. It had good flavor, kind of one note. I don't really think it was filet (beef maybe but not filet).Despite our first dining experience here having to be takeout, this place is great! I don't want to knock the other pho place up the street, but man - I'm never going back up there if I can help it/Pho Bistreaux is open. 
The filet mignon pho was super tasty! Kudos for them taking the time to wrap the sprouts/basil in a bag and the meat in plastic wrap separate from the noodle. You can judge a good pho place by the soup base, and this comes pretty close to my favorite. The beef vermicelli was HUGE! I mean, I ate the entire thing in one sitting, but I almost consider it double portion. The beef was seasoned and cooked well. I had no complaints. 
Price wise - things are spot on for the quality of food. It's nice to know we don't have to drive very far wonderful Vietnamese food anymore. Take out was really fast and easy. The inside of the restaurant looked cute, trendy, and clean. We have already made some plans for a double date to take friends here. I'm sure, once having the full dine-in experience, I'll be revising my vote to 5 stars at that time.I have been eating almost exclusively at this pho restaurant for almost three years so I can't believe I'm just getting to the review! This place HANDS DOWN has the best flavored pho broth in the city and the best buns in the city. Wow. 
You may think, what does this Croatian girl know about pho? Well, then just try this place and see for yourself. The friendly, great staff all knows my order by now, but I always get the white meat pho and an order of the pork buns. Contrary to a review I just saw, I have never seen this place in need of a scrubbing. In fact, with the bright white color scheme it's pretty hard to get away with dirtiness and I always feel like I'm eating in a very clean establishment. The bathrooms are sort of tucked away near the kitchen, but for pho being a quick casual dining spot, I don't need the ritz Carlton lavatory facilities. 
The food here is so good that although so many trendy pho spots exist closer to me uptown and the CBD, I always make the drive to Carrollton to visit this great establishment. PS: their new river ridge location is equally as good, and open Mondays. One time I made the drive all the way there because I simply could not have pho anywhere else. 
Come here, order a bowl of your choosing (two sizes available which is great), and you must must must also order the pork buns. The meat is so well seasoned, never overly grilled, and the bun is soft, fresh with some delicious mayo and fresh shaved carrots. You won't be disappointed! XoYay! A new food truck by work!
I was actually craving a tofu banh mi when I wandered out to see what food trucks might be parked near work today. And there one was and for only $7. It was delicious!
They have a really large menu for a food truck and of course they are affiliated with the bricks & mortar locations on Carrollton and in Elmwood. They were accepting cash or cards. They started out using names but as it got busier they switched over to numbers, easy-peasy.
My banh mi and spring rolls were delicious and my coworker was happy with her pork bun. 
They post their locations on their Instagram (phobistreauxotg) where they are, infrequently. Looks like they are by my work on Fridays!There is just something about this place that really makes me salivate. When I am in the Riverbend, I find myself wanting to come here for lunch, even though Cowbell beckons just down the road. 
The chicken sliders are my absolute favorite out of any of the places that serve this now-trendy dish. The butter sauce they put on them is so simple it's criminal, but at the same time mixes so well with how they marinate their meats here. The same with their spring rolls. Other places have spring rolls, but here the chicken has a distinct flavor that puts them over the top.
Usually when I come here I get the sliders and spring rolls but will occasionally get the pho. Sometimes it's a bit salty but usually it's not bad at all. The chicken portion is pretty generous.
In general, love this place.Great prices, nice staff, good food, cool decor......and walking distance to my house = me happy!One of my favorite Vietnamese places. Everything on the menu is amazing, but their tofu is to die for.Pho-tastic!
I came here on a Saturday for lunch and enjoyed the stroll to get to the restaurant (parking in this area is a little tricky).  When I walked in I was surprised about how small the space was and opted for a seat at the bar.  Staff was very friendly and the service was quick!  I ordered the grilled chicken vermicelli... it was delish and enough for lunch the next day as well.  My husband got the combination pho and that was just as good.  I definitely would recommend both dishes!  
Overall, this is a fast service, friendly, tasty option for Vietnamese food.Yummy till the last drop.  Vietnamese food is my #1 choice among other foods in the world.  This place is very special because the quality of the food  and the service.  I will definitely come back and bring some friends.I was excited to see a new Vietnamese place opening up in my neighborhood.  I am of the belief that there is no good Vietnamese food on the east bank not counting the east of course.  So it's a Friday night and I decide to take a walk down to check out the new place on the block.  It's 8:20pm on a Friday night.  Pho Bistreaux is packed!  Just like every other resturant along carrolton ave.  This is a good sign I think, so I walk in the door, and look to an open spot at the bar, but before I can sit I'm greeted by a friendly server who informs me they are closed.  Closed, at 8:20pm... On a Friday night.... In a 24 hour city.  Are you kidding me?  Fine, I will go to anyone of 15 other resurants in the neighborhood that are open.  I am highly disappointed and I didn't even eat anything. .