First off, 2 stars isn't bad; as yelp says, it's "meh. I've experienced better." Maybe it's cause I had high expectations already since apparently one of their menu items was on "Best Thing I Ever Ate" for Emeril?
Anyway, we shared a Bahn Mi, and I asked for no mayo on half the sandwich cause I personally strongly dislike mayo on anything. When we got our sandwich, there was mayo on the whole thing, and when we tried to ask what happened, one of the ladies in the kitchen said it's good with the mayo so that's why she didn't take it off and for me to just eat it with the mayo. Umm... I know I don't like it, and it's not my first viet sandwich, so I wasn't really too happy with eating something that I know wasn't my preference...
So then we got our main dishes. My bf had the pho ga [pho with chicken; the dish that Emeril proclaimed was one of the best things he ever ate], and he was pretty disappointed, but at least his stomach felt better after (he had a stomach ache). I tried the chicken in the pho, and it was, again, meh. I had bun [rice noodle salad] with eggroll and beef, which was pretty good, but I was kinda not too happy already so it wasn't as enjoyable as should have been.
Maybe it was an off day?One of New Orleans greatest hidden gems! Awesome pho! Family owned and operated for years! Excellent !A large place that was very packed but they did seem to have enough waiters to attend the tables in a timely manner.
Food was very bland.  I like my pho to be bold but I find most pho places play it safe and give out very bland broth.  So they are on average with pho but even the lemongrass beef was bland.  Not very flavorful as I'd like it to be.  So I'd have to say the food is so so.  
Cost is about average with other restaurants.I'm not a particular lover of Asian cuisine, but my kiddo used to drag me here all the time.  I loved their veggie soup and the crunchy spring rolls...full order AP5 please.  I knew it was closed, due to driving by and finding sadly it was shuttered and dark :(.
I had heard the rumors too that they had re-opened, however when I just called the telephone number, I was expecting to get an automated response, we've changed our number to .... however that was not the case.  I spoke with a gentlemen, and my guess would be the previous owner and he said the restaurant was closed and did not indicate it would be opening again.
A sad, sad day indeed.I just wish there was an option to give 'half-stars":  I would give this place 4 1/2 stars...
Having said that, I really like this restaurant.  The most important feat is honest, well-cooked, delicious food without pretensions, as good as any  affordable Vietnamese restaurant can be.  The Pho is excellent in its different varieties; most cooked dishes I've ordered work, are well-seasoned and portions are plentiful; and attention tends to be prompt and courteous.  Don't go there expecting flashy decoration... just go hoping for great food, and you will not be disappointed.
They have some restrictions with groups paying with different credit cards (a maximum of four cards, or something like that, per group?  Can't remember).I found myself on the west bank for work and heard Pho Tau Bay was the bees knees for Vietnamese food. It;s located in a strip mall so its a little hard to find for first timers. A server seats you and waits on you but you pay at the register identifying yourself by your table number. They were busy during lunch rush with almost every table occupied. The food tasted very fresh and what you would expect from a Vietnamese place. We were in and out in a flash so its good if you are on a time crunch but still want yummy food.The shrimp spring rolls are to die for and the pho is flawless. I have experienced the chicken and beef tenderloin. The service is great and the relaxing vibe is awesome. Hey if it's good enough for Bordain it's good enough for me. Do yourself a favor and head to the west bank for the best best pho in the city, Minh is good this better.Pho hit the spot.....like the fast serviceThe food is great and the staff is really friendly.  The prices are super reasonable, too.  I get the medium rare beef pho with extra meat and a large limeade.  The lemon grass beef spring rolls are tasty, as is the charbroiled beef bon mi.  I do venture out of these faithful menu items, and have never been disappointed.i ordered the com bo luc lac and it was the WORST I have ever had. Food was only slightly warm and the beef was a gray color with a slight foul taste.Totally worth the drive to the West Bank.
Delicious pho, delicious Vietnamese coffee, delicious tofu rolls, great service.It's not Duong Phong or Tan Dinh but it is on the eastbank. The food is good, but isn't going to ever knock our New Orleans East or Westbank institutions off their No 1 perch.I've been eating here for over a decade now. While I miss the convenience of having a few locations around town, this was always the best one to get a group of friends together and enjoy a hot bowl of Pho.
Over the past few years I've gotten a little more adventurous with my selections, but if I've had a bad day I'll always be drawn to my personal favorite from their menu, the PTB Won Ton. I'm not sure what they do differently from other places, but it's soothes my soul when I sit down to have a bowl. I have a tendency to over order though, so I'll almost always end up taking a bit of food home for a bit more food later in the day.
The Soda Chanh is great, and really hits the spot when the weather is hot and miserable, and the Coffee is great for those few bitter cold days we get each year.Is it odd that  New Orlean's preeminent (or at least most popular )Vietnamese restaurant is owned by an American (and Vietnam vet at that) and his Amerasian children? Not at all, as we all love a gumbo here! Seriously though, while there is no aesthetic charm to the low slung, strip mall inhabiting, linoleum surfaced cafe, the food more than makes up for it.
      I won't even bother listing dishes, other than to say the pho is very good, the bun (in all its permutations ) is great, the spring rolls are mighty fine and the huge menu offers myriad more charms than these warhorses of the cuisine de indochine.
     Chances are, anytime you dine here, you will be surrounded by film workers, and believe me-we know a good lunch when we see it.Really good pho! I'm glad I found this place while in New Orleans. Hope to come back someday.Food was fantastic, first time trying pho and won't be the last. Can't wait to come
Back and eat again :-)Not worth waiting pho. 
Don't get me wrong, the pho here is satisfying. However, I could drive to the West Bank, order, eat, pay, and be back downtown in the hour I would be waiting in line at PTB. If the owners wanted their restaurant model to be like Pei Wei, they should have spent some time there to see how the process is expedited. With the kitchen they have. (~50 unique menu items. I counted TEN different broths the kitchen would have to maintain) I'm surprised they haven't already collapsed under their new system. 
I really don't understand the cult following. I'll be back if/when the opening kinks are cleared up, or only order take-out during off-hours. 
Also, merging the new and old business' Yelp page/reviews is unscrupulous at best.You can see from the other reviews of this place that it is very good. On top of that it is very good consistently. Sure it isn't full of golden idols and pretty wall paper but the Pho can not be beat. The other dishes are also very authentic and leave you with the feeling on your tongue that you just tasted a dream. 
When ever I am in a city for more than a few days I always try to find the local Pho. I have been to many Vietnamese restaurants but I have never found one that was any better than this one as far as the quality of the food goes. 
The staff is just fine and totally acceptable. It is run by a family that is half Vietnamese and half American. The old man puts out the food and his son and his wife run the floor and the register. 
They are a real fixture on the West Bank of New Orleans, since the place has been there for years.I think the Pho is amazing. Really the top. It is not something I grew up eating so I may not be as discriminating or knowledgable as others, but I really look forward to this place.
Always busy at lunch, I would come from uptown to Gretna to eat here. The portions are huge and that Pho will HIT the spot. Hungover? I used to grab burgers and fries, now I also go for Pho to cure me. Love the sprouts, herbs, noodles, jalapenos, sriracha, everything in generous amounts.
This place was recommended to me and definitely met the mark so now I am very happy to recommend it to others. It is a nice family operation there! PS no separate checks! Very old school.Amazing beef pho!! I never want to order anything else every time I come in. Service is always friendly and fast. I wish they delivered, though. The location is goofy but everyone seems to know about Pho Tau Bay.I'm thrilled to have found a place that will pacify my craving when it hits.  I LOVE pho. It's good when you're under the weather.  It's good when you had too many cocktails the night before. It's good when youre starving. It's good when you're not that hungry. It's good the next day, re-heated, when you were over-ambitious and ordered the extra large. And yes, it's even good when it's 100 degrees out.
The Pho Ga (chicken noodle soup) is really exceptional here. I've had a lot in my day. I don't like when the chicken is fatty and greasy. Pho Tau Bays' chicken is very lean and white. The broth has a little something special too; it tastes very satisfying without being rich. Pho Ga coupled with some grilled shrimp spring rolls and a jasmine ice tea arrived lickety-split and were devoured just as quickly.
Coming for the first time? Make sure to plan ahead and know where you're going. The strip mall parking lot looks like an Unsloved Mysteries re-enactment where someone got sliced and diced. Also, the kitchen shuts down at 8:30 and they are closed at least two days a week.   Details, details. I can't wait to go back!Delicious! Tasted very fresh. Extensive menu, kid friendly, quick service. So glad we came!This is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant! The food is wonderful, fresh and delicious. The restaurant is family owned and they're all such lovely people. We used to live on the Northshore and drive the hour to the westbank just to eat here. It's that good! Excellent food, excellent service, not so wonderful location. Totally worth it! I reccomend the spring rolls, pho and bun.I went for lunch today. The food was outstanding (Goi Ga).Yummy!
 The service fast and friendly, and the prices reasonable. I will definitely go back.I've been back several times from my original review and I have to say that they definitely fixed the service speed issue - all the food comes out fairly quickly now, even during a busy lunch hour. I've also had a chance to try their Goi Ga (a chicken cabbage salad) that is really delicious with the grilled chicken. If you come here for lunch I recommend getting a fountain drink and filling up the cup with their jasmine tea - I can't get enough.I eat lunch here often- it is worth the trip across the bridge.  They are consistent & efficient, even during the lunch rush. Really good food, really friendly people, easy on the wallet.I'm updating again a year later as we decided to give this place another try last night based on the recommendation from my roommate. Going into the place I thought that maybe I missed something last time or maybe the food has improved and I LOVE Pho and Bun so I was eagerly anticipating dinner.
Unfortunately it was exactly the same as last year when we stopped in for the first time. The food here is very, very standard fare with nothing exceptional. There's nothing really wrong with the food, but also nothing cravable. Last night a friend and I had the soup and I was really disappointed because it was filled with loads of noodles and 4 pieces of chicken and nothing else. I'm used to soups with lots of fresh herbs, veggies and flavor and we both ended up eating the broth out and leaving a ton of the noodles because there were just way too many of them for anyone to eat. 
My partner had the fried rice and it just tasted like standard chinese fried rice. He loves the fried rice at Magazin and this was really kind of yucky and greasy and small. 
We also ordered fried egg rolls, and fresh spring rolls with Tofu and the regular pork/shrimp fresh rolls. The fresh rolls were both good but again I forgot that I didn't like the fried ones last time and I also didn't like them this time. They were soggy and really ground up meat heavy.
For simple, fresh Vietnamese food,go to Magazin on Magazine Street. It has much higher quality food and also a much better atmosphere for about the same price (Magazin is cheaper).So good, never disappoints. Owner + wife are quite welcoming. Love this place for lunch but wish they were still on the east bank...So glad to have this place over on the East bank now!  I just had their bahn mi bo kho (beef stew with warm french bread) and it was AMAZING.  Prices are very reasonable, service is quick and friendly, and I appreciate how thorough the menu is.  I'm excited to explore all the different types of Vietnamese food I haven't tried yet.  But for real, it's going to be hard not to order the bo kho every time!Pho Tau Bay is closing in a few weeks, and relocating to somewhere on Tulane Ave.  Does anyone know where on Tulane?Great place, I have been going to Pho Tau Bay since I was a kid. Now that they have moved the place is still great and the new decor is cool.I don't think I have quite the cult-like adoration of Pho Tau Bay that a lot of folks have, but for real, I'm always really happy when one of my friends is like "I'm hungry. Want to meet me at Pho Tau Bay?" Cuz the answer is always YES. Even though I get lost literally every time I drive out there and start cursing once I realize I've missed the exit miles back, get off at Barataria, and then backtrack several miles. 
It had been a minute since I'd been here, but the other night I got spring rolls and pho tai (medium-rare beef). I'm not convinced the beef was cooked medium-rare--probably more like medium-well, but it was still very tasty. I'm no pho expert, and I've heard that their pho is vaguely Americanized, but I'd still give it a thumbs-up. In the past I've usually gotten the bun (noodle bowl with meat), which I've always thoroughly enjoyed.
Driving to the West Bank is sometimes a pain (and I feel like I always have to justify that toll back across the bridge), but Pho Tau Bay makes it totally worth it.This was my first time ordering pick up from this restaurant! I ordered the well done brisket pho. I literally got three pieces of meat for the whole soup...it was definitely overpriced! I mean I can see how they get over on the other people but I've tried quite a few pho places around the city and this one was definitely the worst...and the location on the corner makes picking up a little difficult maybe they had a parking lot in the back or something but the street parking is not ideal at all. It's just really disappointing cause there's so many other better pho places and I went to this one lol I will not be coming backI had the pleasure of enjoying Pho, WOW! The flavors were sublime. In fact my first experience with these most awesome cuisine. I'm hooked and ill take some fried egg rolls to go please. I will return and then some.
......Was not impressed by this place. The food is pretty bland and I think the portions are somewhat small (rice plates). I did not like the Jasmine tea (bitter). I've been there twice and will try other pho places from now on.Its cool for Pho if you're on the WestBank and hard up, but there are most definitely WAAAAYYYYYY better places to have Vietnamese cuisine. If you're looking for something quick and cheap this will do...just don't expect 5 stars.I kept hearing about this place for years and never was able to make it out to the West Bank. However, their new location is very close and I managed to make it over. For all of the customers they were serving during lunch hour rush, we got our food relatively quickly. The service was great. The pho was really good!!!! I will most definitely return!I am adding another star because PTB has opened the second register during lunch rush.  It was definitely faster to order than the first time I was there.  Food was still very good and it seems that the portions were a bit more generous at this last visit.  It did take a little while to get our spring rolls, which seemed odd in comparison to the short amount of time it took for the vermicelli bowl to come out.  Overall, I think PTB is getting close to it's former stride.We came out on emerils recommendation- he named the chicken noodle pho as the best thing he ever ate. Although the chicken noodle pho was refreshing and good it did not make it close to even the top 300 things I've ever eaten. And somehow in the soup, the chicken was dry. I'll never understand. 
Everyone in the restaurant is white. Literally zero Asians. If you want a place that Vietnamese people go to eat pho, go to the restaurant on the left in Hong Kong market. Much better than this place.
Anyway- really great normal pho is here if you want it.amazing service!  called in the order and picked it up shortly after.  The owner came out and greeted us.  I rarely write reviews but I will be back to this palace for the food and excellent service.
Worth the trip to the Westbank!Very efficient cafeteria style restaurant. You go to the counter, place your order and pay. Your food gets served to your table minutes later. Good Spring rolls and tasty pho with light broth. Very fresh ingredients and flavorful meats. Portions are on the smaller side and prices are on the higher end. This place really cater to the professional crowd, working next door in the Tulane Medical center. Good place to go for a light meal, giving yourself a break from heavier southern cuisine.Don't let the seediness of the strip-mall or of the restaurant itself deceive you, very good, fresh, well-seasoned ph. Above average ch giò (a tad greasy, but hey, it's Louisiana) and excellent pork.Good pho here in New Orleans. 
- Decent sized menu.
- Pho has a nice flavor and lighter broth.
- Not a super decorative place, but it works.
- Overall good stop if you want a pho fix.My neighbors took me here for dinner one day. I thought the food was good. I had the rare beef soup. It was quick and the service was good.Let me put it this way:  I get cravings for this food.  I will drive there and pay the dollar to get back.  
The lemongrass noodle bowl, imperial egg rolls, and jasmine iced tea are great.  They are sustaining and light at the same time.  This is the standard in this town for Vietnamese.  I have eaten home cooked Vietnamese since I was a young child and I just love this place.  If you haven't tried it and love Vietnamese, then you gotta try it.  Their menu is huge and the food hasn't disappointed me yet.Been going there for years. Everything is delicious and constant. Highly recommend! There's a fried noodle dish that is amazing, but their pho is the best.Very nice!  A little tough to find, so once you drive into the strip mall off of the Expressway, keep going.  It is hidden behind another building that blocks the entrance.
Worth the drive.  I had the Vermicelli noodles, with chicken and egg roll.  Yumm!
I am a huge iced coffee fan, but had never had the special iced coffee you get there, which comes with condensed milk.  Be sure to try it if you have never had it-- very worth it.
A perfect place to go with a big group, and you can share some appetizers, like the rolls, as you wait for the meal.
Also, each of the menu items has a corresponding alpha-numeric code attached to it.  you can order a "BM" 1 or 2.  They may want to reconsider calling a menu item "BM", but it seems to not really matter, since the place was packed when I was there.I was brought here for the first time last week.
I don't have any experience with Pho, so trying this kind of food is always an adventure for me.  I ended up ordering the pho with glass noodles and wontons in it and it was really good.  We also had spring rolls, which were different, but weren't too bad
The staff was really nice.  I'm giving this place only 3 stars because the place is super small and cramped, and I felt like I was eating in my school cafeteria.  It wouldn't be my first choice, but I wouldn't balk if someone brought me.Looks like some pretty authentic Vietnamese. The Pho was great and the service very friendly. I will be back for sure.I don't know the first thing about Vietnamese food. That being said, I suggest you keep reading. I thought I'd start out with the reality. I can't tell you if the food at Pho Tau Bay is authentic or not, but I can tell you that it is delicious. And the fact is, I would imagine that a number of you reading this are just like me in that regard.
My personal favorite is the Shrimp Wonton Soup.  The broth is tasty and the wontons are stuffed full of shrimp and pork. I always opt to add glass noodles to mine, as well. Love it. My dining companions have enjoyed the Vietnamese poboys, spicy beef soup, and vermicelli noodle bowls. We usually split an order of shrimp spring rolls to start. The spring rolls themselves are nothing spectacular, but the peanut sauce that they come with is absolutely delectable. Overall, Pho Tau Bay offers tasty and affordable food.
Random bit of info: Despite being on the Westbank, I think that this is a great lunch spot for those of us working in the CBD. It doesn't take very long to get there and the food is served so fast, that it is reasonable for you to be there and back in your one hour lunch break. If you're going with a group, try to bring cash because they don't allow separate checks or for you to split the bill on more than two credit/debit cards.
Update: I was just reading The Gambit and it turns out that Pho Tau Bay was voted the best West Bank restaurant AND the best Vietnamese restaurant. Helpful coincidence. FYI.I visited Pho Tau Bay with my boyfriend after reading the prior reviews. 
I ordered the Jasmine tea and it was delicious. We had the tofu spring rolls and they were delish! Perfect amount of cilantro in them! And the peanut sauce for dipping, yum! 
For the main course I had the VG6, pan fried rice noodles, tofu, and veggies. It was the perfect meal, and I was so excited to find pineapple amongst the veggies! 
The boyfriend and Sticky rice with chicken and sausage, this was also very good. 
For dessert we had the taro pudding, I was a little nervous because of the green colour but it was sweet and had a good texture, i would definitely order it again. 
We plan on eating here many more time and have already been back. It looks small and dingy from the outside but is a pleasant surprise once you get inside. If you haven't been here you absolutely must give it a try!My boyfriend has changed his tune. Now only orders the bahn mi because it is so good.Grateful they have returned and are still on top of their game.
VG6 is now VG3 and just as fantastic. I've literally had dreams about it, and it's not just me; over 16 years, I can't tell you how many times I've heard people rave. Someone named their dog VG6. It really is that great!
And the vegetarian pho with rice noodles is like medicine. The lady of my house says the same about their chicken pho. There's nothing like it to make you feel right as rain.
I have often gotten take out for dinner when I get lunch here, so the new hours work for me, too. 
I see some parking comments; I've always found a metered spot on the block or directly across the street.I'd been waiting for what felt like forever to eat here- finally! I would have loved to try like, five or six things on the menu- everything sounded great. I got a half order or egg rolls and a half order of chargrillled pork sprig rolls to start. I ate one of each and took the others home. Then I got a side of Pho broth and the pressed vermicelli plate with pork. My friend got the steak banh mi. The sandwich and the vermicelli plate were delicious!! The egg roll was good and the sprig roll was too, although it needed less mint and more noodles for my taste.  The only disappointment was the broth. It didn't have the depth of flavor that many good Pho broths have. However, I wonder if getting the full soup instead of just plain broth would bring that complete flavor. I'll definitely come back and try it out!This is the best Pho spot in New Orleans, hands down!!  GREAT and Very friendly owners (Karl Sr. And Karl Jr.) , and great tasting food. Thank you Karl for a wonderful breakfast and tour guide list.Finally made my first visit to the new location since moving from the Westbank. I had really missed their particular take on the delicate flavors of Vietnamese cuisine. I decided to try one of my old go-to dishes, the Spicy Beef Stew. Served with your choice of noodles (rice or clear) or french bread for dipping, this hearty not-too-spicy medley of tender beef chunks, sweet hunks of carrot in a rich, savory chili-infused broth always warms the soul.  The accompaniment of a bright squeeze of lime, and sweet basil really brings this stew to out-of-this-world heights.
Not only is the food of the same excellent quality and taste, but the familiar family and staff still operates with love and care for each customer.  Also, now that hours have been extended to 7pm Mon-Fri, I have plenty of time to stop in for dinner after work. Look forward to returning soon.  Dreaming of savory beef stew in the meanwhile...I don't get it, but this is definitely the definition of a phenomenon.  Why people gravitate here over a style of cuisine that is more and more readily available around the metro area doesn't have me stumped so much as amazed.  Living across the river from here but seeing a parking lot PACKED at lunch with oodles of apparent regulars.
Is it the price?
Is it MSG?
Is it something nostalgic?
I don't know, man.  It was good (I had 2 po-boys), but it wasn't develop a habit and go out of my way good.Taste is good but they only gave 5 pieces of meat with the sliced pork and rice dish.  If I am paying $9 I expect more meat.   Disappointed.  This photo is unchanged and shows the lack of care in their preparation.Although hidden in a forgotten strip mall on the West Bank, this place is absolutely amazing. Great vegetarian options, inexpensive and delicious. I have yet to find a Viet restaurant that compares in DC or Chicago.Best pho I had in years. I got the P 8. Xtra large.  Had a lot of steak, brisket, tripe and tendons.  The staff is very friendly. I chatted with the owner for a bit, very nice lady.Had a high hopes when I came here. Emeril said he loved the place. After visiting the fusion of pho and Asian just does not go well. I left hoping for more!! Don't think I'll be back or listen to Emeril anymore..We waited in line for 45 minutes to order and there were definitely inefficiencies that could've been handled better (i.e. not having the same person take orders and pack to go orders when there are 20 people waiting to order) and I miss the table service, and this was at 2 10 pm, which is why I'm giving 3 stars. I'll update my review upon the next visit.
The food gets 5 stars. It's the same great Pho Tau Bay deliciousness.On par with Vietnamese food in Houston which is the best I've had.  Everyone in New Orleans knows this place is solid.  They remembered me by my order after only 3 times of dining with them.  
PROS
Clean
Fast
Consistent
Delicious
Family Owned and Operated
CONS
Located on Westbank (my fault for living so far away)
don't have salt toasted tofu (dau hu rang muoi)Don't go here if you know what actual Pho tastes like. The large  beef Pho combo came as a regular bowl of Pho you'd find in other establishments. The broth itself tasted like chicken broth, not beef. Extremely light flavored.  The Cafe sua da was mediocre too. The nem nuong was passable at best.
Decent as an American gateway into Vietnamese food but nothing special that warrants coming back to.Omg...the worst pho restaurant I have ever experienced! The smallest bowl and mostly noddles..barely any chicken or veggies. Plus all seasonings it's at a stand, not on the table...we also ordered fry noddle with beef..and it's mostly cabbage in it, the cheapest kind of vegetable! 2 orders and an ice tea came out to 24:70$!!!
The taste just normal nothing specialThe food is always great. Every time my mother and I go here we always get the warmest reception and family like atmosphere.I finally had my first Pho Tau Bay experience (and a second--we went back in a week to get some more). Now, the spring rolls, pho, and bun are good, but you know what really got me hooked? The sticky rice with shredded chicken and Chinese sausage (Xoi Ga Lap Xuong) under "more delicious items." I still dream about it. If I lived on the WB, I would probably go there EVERY DAY!!! Seriously. Go order this. You won't regret it.Great veggie options + cheap prices = wonderful healthy lunch placeOne of the best vietnamese joints on the westbank that serves great food without all the glitz and glam. The pho is excellent with a great broth and plenty of fresh herbs. They have a home made pepper sauce on that makes the pho even better. I order the classic bahn mi on the side and it was also top notch just not as good as Doung Phong in the east. When on the westbank I will definitely be back.Don't know what I can add but know I've never been crazy about Vietnamese food and I love this place. Tofu Ban Mi!!! This should be a chain in every neighborhood. Staff are friendly.Pretty good place suggested by friends... otherwise I would have never found this place.  In fact we drove right past it...
I just got a fried tofu, veggie, and jasmine rice dish but thought it was pretty good.  The only downside was the dish being drenched in a sauce that I'm sure was not the healthiest in the world.  The vegetarian spring rolls were good and sticky.  
I tried my boyfriend's pho and it was really good but really salty.  I couldn't stop eating it though.  I have a feeling we'll be back, especially if we find ourselves on the Westbank.The star is for the service and cleanliness of the restaurant. The food was not good. We had pork spring rolls- poor quality. We had pho- very bad. The broth was watery, not even close to real pho broth. The place was crowded! Haven't these folks in New Orleans ever tasted good pho??? We will try one of the other places next time.Yes, its reputation is merited.  Wonderful pho, especially the combo.  Enjoy with the limeade.  And, be sure to meet the owners - very nice people.The hype for Pho Tau Bay is... not deserved. Sadly. Like really sadly because I had a hankering for some good pho. On their website, they tell us that Emeril Lagasse thinks this is the best Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans. I suppose that's like saying I run the best Cuban restaurant in Nigeria - it's not really that amazing of an accomplishment.
I went for lunch and ordered:
- Goi Cuon (shrimp spring rolls)
- Nem Nuong Cuon (meatballs)
- Pho Tai (beef pho)
And all of it came out okay. Just okay. Like if this was in a food court at a mall in a city that served legitimately good Vietnamese food, it would make sense. I wouldn't go out of the way to come to Pho Tau Bay, unfortunately.I love Pho Tau Bay. It's easily the best Vietnamese food in the metro area. The prices are reasonable and the menu is quite extensive with pho, bun, banh mi, and spring rolls.
MMM... the spring rolls. Yum. Hint: If your family/dining companions can't choose one type of spring rolls, order two 1/2 portions. We end up doing this every time.
Another hint: If you are dining with someone who is chopstick-challenged, you can ask for a fork.
Anyway, I'm not sure what I can really write about this place that hasn't been said. The service is quick and friendly. The kitchen is fast. The food is amazing! 
They have desserts available by the cash register, although I haven't ever had any room left to try them after a meal here. The portions are rather large. If you are looking at the menu and considering the larger bowl of Pho... don't do it, unless you want leftovers. Then again, leftover Pho makes a great meal any time of day!The pho here is adequate at best. I've had pho all over the world and the flavor of the pho here is off. My buddy and I  actually got got a bit ill after eating this pho. I am giving this 2 stars instead of 1 because other items on the menu are decent. If you want the best pho in new Orleans go to pho orchidMy friend and I always come here when we're on the West Bank and going to Hong Kong supermarket. They changed owners a few months ago and the quality has gone up with both its pho and its bun bowls. Wish it were closer to Uptown so that we could frequent it more often...One of the best places in the area.  Has a huge variety on the menu. This is our 1st visit but will sure to visit again when we come back into the area. I got the traditional pho and it was spot on. My husband tried the beef stew and it was ok just not what he expected,  he said not enough flavor.Everything here is good an authentic.  Excellent banh mi, noodles, etc try a little bit of everything.  Get there early to avoid the lunch rushTonight, we were those people.  
As a career server (my liberal arts degree ensures such),  I would have seen me coming a mile away.
I waited, in the restuarant for my fellow patrons to arrive.  I ordered dinner for four by myself, before the kitchen closed.  We were definitely the last people out of there, and I felt like such a hack!
Here's the thing about pho tau bay that blew me out of the water- usually, when you're those people, you can feel the energy of the frenzied staff (I mean, unless you're completely oblivious, which some people are) trying to get you out the door, so they can go home.  
But our service was amazing and our server(s) were super nice and accommodating.  A lot of times, I go to authentic-y houses of pho, and get the impression that i'm burdening the staff by patroning them (during normal business hours).  I chalk it up to "part of the experience,"  but at Pho Tau Bay, she was so willing to deal with me having to order for my group of friends running late. 
I could have done with a little more "garnishes"- 1 basket for 4- which one person at the table used entirely before realizing it wasn't just hers.  But I'm wlling to give them the benefit of the doubt- it was probably based on our bad dinner's etiquette of showing up less than 30 minutes to close.  
Pho Tau Bay wins hands down for vegetarian vietnamese options in this city in number-  they even had full on vegetarian soup, like, with vegetable broth.  The vegetarian spring rolls were good, though the tofu in them tasted a little well-done.  
It was also SUPER CHEAP.  less than $7 for a big bowl of pho, i think my whole meal (Iced coffee w/ condensed milk, pho tai, and half an order of spring rolls [4 rolls to an order] ) came to a little more than $12. 
I'll definitley be back.  the pho wasn't as overly-buttery as tan dihn. And I can't wait to explore the vegetarian options with my soyola friends!!What a shame. It's clear that this restaurant is experiencing growing pains of epic proportions. Let's start with the first experience one encounters upon walking into this wretched establishment: the absurd line. Even though more than half the tables and seats in the restaurant were empty, the line still reached the door. From that point, it will take approximately 45 minutes to reach the counter to order. Once at the counter, the ordering process is utterly and painfully slow. Then, the uncertain wait begins!!! We were asked multiple times what we had ordered. Multiple. Even though we had numbers with corresponding tickets in the window. The servers were rude, slow, and completely disorganized. Food came out of the kitchen in no particular order. What a disaster of epic proportions. This restaurant ran much better as a small shop on the West Bank than it does here in its new re-opened location.
Edit: Food was okay. Large rice:meat ratio for price. Definitely not worth the wait as my pork was lukewarm to cold when I got it.I ordered the soup rau chay and goi cuon tom nuong (shrimp spring rolls) for delivery from Uber eats and everything was delicious and fresh. On a side note the restaurant did an excellent job on packaging it for take out. Everything was still
hot when it arrived and it was easy to put together the pho. Will definitely be eating/ordering from here again.My favorite place to eat in New Orleans.  If food could taste pretty, theirs  would be the prettiest.  Relaxed atmosphere.  Friendly people.  After I eat there I always get a to-go order so I can have it again the next day. True love!YES!
Vietnamese coffee, banh mi sandwiches and pho! This place was very, very good an very cheap. Banh mi sandwiches tasted like the banh mi I would have in the SF Bay Area and the pho was soupy, and highly savory. Would come again--service was incredibly friendly; awesome place.I was hella scared when I saw a white lady working the cash register, but my fears were allayed when I peeked into the kitchen and saw older viet ladies back there. 
Def didn't expect to eat really great pho in new orleans, but this place is no joke. The dac biet here was truly dac biet, as were the spring rolls. My soup had just the right amount of oil and was not playing around on flavor. The noodles were fresh and the beef was properly cooked. 
I would highly recommend this place to anybody (especially from CA) who appreciates their pho and is looking for a break from cajun/creole/oysters while in nola. 
btw Justin T - you can't hate on this place and give it one star because you forgot to get your credit card back. that's your bad. just like your grammar =PPho is one of my ultimate comfort foods. No, I am not Vietnamese. But I am a noodle and soup lover, and I am cold all the time so I am always appreciative of a good bowl of soup.
I found out about Pho Tau Bay through Anthony Bourdain's short-lived show, "The Layover." As it so happens, I have family in the Westbank and the restaurant was a mere 10 minutes away. And as it also happens, despite knowing that New Orleans has one of the biggest Vietnamese communities in the country, I have never tried pho during my previous visits. So we made it a point to stop by Pho Tau Bay.
First, it is not too easy to find right off the bat. I only persisted since my nagging GPS was quite insistent that "[I] have arrived at [my] destination." It is located in a nondescript strip mall and the restaurant itself is quite unremarkable. We got in around 11:30 AM and there were only two other tables occupied, which was nice since we were hungry and more than a little impatient to start our adventures that day. The owner was very welcoming and the staff were all polite and friendly.
We ordered the Pho Ga, one regular and one large (there is no medium, go figure), and it is among the best, if not THE best, bowls of pho I have ever had. I particularly like that there is not the allspice aftertaste with every sip. It was a broth with a clean chicken flavor and it was wonderful! It reminded me of the soup that my grandma used to make for me when I was a little girl and under the weather. The owner chatted with us and told us that they prepare the broth overnight and that is why they don't rely on spices as other Vietnamese places that usually just spends an hour or two on their broth. He told us that his father-in-law, originally from Vietnam, was the one who taught him this technique. My taste buds were thankful. I am thankful.
Pho Tau Bay's pho is what I use now as a standard to compare other pho against. Theirs is, hands down, the best pho I have tasted. I can't wait to go back!I've been in Nola 2-3x a month for work since earlier this year and based out of LA that has amazing Asian food. I was told the best Asian in Nola is Vietnamese. 
The first time I ordered off Uber Eats as I had to work through lunch. I just remember how flavorful the broth was (even since it was delivered). I've checked out a few others and this is by far the tastiest broth. 
Finally was able to check it out in person today and do the Pho Beef Bowl with tendon and meatballs and the broth was just as delicious as I remembered. Totally hit the spot. 
The imperial egg rolls were decent, but I found the skin to be slightly too thick.  And it didn't have the usual lettuce and carrot/radish condiments I'm so used to getting back home. Lastly they also gave us this homemade chili sauce which was the perfect amount of spice. 
Truly enjoyed my meal and will for sure be back.I've been slurping noodles at Pho Tau Bay for many years and I've enjoyed all my various versions of pho that I've slurped and gulped down here.  I also really love the jasmine iced tea and many of the other dishes they offer like the tasty little po boys.  This place offers incredible value and is lower priced than just about any other pho place I know of.     
The only bad experience I've ever had here is I once likely got a bit of nasty food poisoning here from some of the spring rolls (as evidenced by a friend and I were both in serious pain one day after both eating those here but one time out of hundreds isn't a big deal and can happen in the best of restaurants).
This is definitely a great place to eat and I journey to the Westbank a few times a month for work and I generally eat either here or 9 Roses as one is open on the days the other is closed.  This place can get really crowded so it is best to go before noon.Where do I start... the pho was definitely not authentic. 30 bucks for a spring roll, pho bowl and soy milk ????? That usually how much I pay at the other pho place I've been to.ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew. Ewhhhhhhhhhh! Where does pho come from? Vietnam! duh! Why do all the non asians rate this place 5 stars and Why do all the "asians" review this place horribly? yeah that pretty much says something. I grew up in the westbank and every Vietnamese person I knew are disgusted by this place. Plus, I heard that the owner keeps all the tips from his employees. So please dont ever tip! 0 stars.Went to this place with the rents for some PHO! I am particularly not picky when it comes to pho, but my pho there was just not satisyying at all. THe broth was too salty and just Meh! I ordered rice and grilled chicken for my son and that was just Meh! as well. The chicken was very dry. I do not recommend this place to anyone. There are closer pho places around that serve better pho, or maybe just better vietnamese food in general.Pretty simple ambience inside but the service is always good and in my opinion the best pho in town (second is Lillys). I love the pho with veggies and tofuThe food is delicious, however, I went to lunch there and it is very noisy. You can't hear yourself think. I also didn't like the waiting in line to order. But I will go back at lesser peak times.Oh my goodness. Don't be fooled by the creepy dingy parking lot and the outdated 70s vibe inside.....This is the best Vietnamese food I have ever had in my life. 
Coming from NYC and spending tons of money and trying multiple places there....screw all that! This place is cheap and eyes rolling back into your skull delicious. I will be back here as much as humanly possible to stick my face into all the food...
I ordered the blackened shrimp Bun, some spring rolls and my husband ordered a mixed beef pho....we shared all and were in flavor unicorn bliss heaven. Obviously we highly recommend!One of the very best pho restaurants around. When we walked in, we felt a little out of place being the only non-Asians there, but everyone was nice and the pho was very nice. BIG bowl so bring your appetite. The girly liked her fru-fru soy something or other banh mi. 
Everything was fresh and the prices are really good. As much pho as I eat, you would think I'd be jaded by now, but a good bowl is a good bowl...even if it's in a little hole in the wall almost condemned-looking strip mall. 
While it's not my absolute favorite pho place, it's pretty high up on the list for me.
If you like pho and manage to not like Pho Tau Bay, I'd suggest washing your mouth out with Lava soup and trying again.Decent, just clean and quick. Nothing special about the Pho.I stopped into Pho Tau Bay for lunch on a weekday. There was basically no wait, but by the time my food arrived it had really filled up. I'd recommend arriving before noon or after 1 to avoid a line. I ordered a half order of shrimp spring rolls and a bowl of lemongrass beef and egg roll vermicelli. Everything was flavorful, perfectly cooked, affordable, and ready very quickly. I'll definitely be back for more weekday lunches!Went there couple of days ago. Really cool place, I would say that it is different to have Vietnamese restaurant. I am a foreign and we are running a Vietnamese restaurant and I have been to Vietnam too.
I ordered spring rolls, they were descent. Actually what was inside was good, but the rice paste was to tough to me. It was really hard from my point of view, but still pretty good. The peanuts is one of the best I have tried ever (I actually don't eat it and instead I eat nuoc mam)
I ordered the Luc Lac there and it is so different in the US everytime I tried than in France, Madagascar or Vietnam.
The rice isn't red, the meat was good but not tasty enough. You could tell that was made like fast food but descent.. The food was good but the Luc Lac was a bit dry to me, it needs more flavor.
Overall I will come back to try their Pho and it is a pretty nice place and I believe they can do better on their food to my point of view but it is still descent.Love love love love love this place. The first time I went, I totally didn't get it. I had one of the Vietnamese Po-Boys, and wasn't a huge fan. It's possible I wasn't super hungry, but I remember it being kind of bland, and getting the (very mistaken) impression that this restaurant was one of those places you couldn't fully enjoy unless you were a devoted carnivore. Le sigh. Fortunately, there was Kim Son to keep me more than happy (and coming back to the Westbank). 
Fast forward to lunch after the UYE volunteer day we did at the ARC of Greater New Orleans. A group of yelpers ended up at Pho Tau Bay, and I was inducted into the magical world of vietnamese food. Whatever it was that Jen L ordered -- something delicious that involved a bowl of noodles and lightly fried tofu -- was life changing. In fact, I'd ordered something else entirely, and when I tried her food I totally ordered a second meal and forced Scott S to take my virtually untouched first order home as leftovers.
Something worth noting if you've never been here before: it's f*cking impossible to find. Once, I was starving and sleep deprived, and had to fight the urge to stop the car, curl up in a ball and cry out of frustration because we couldn't find the damn place. You kind of have to know where it is. Or be from the Westbank or something. 
The service is not always the most attentive, which is disappointing, but everyone is pleasant enough. When you're done, you pay at the register. Ooh, also, get the Vietnamese coffee. It's amazing.I've been to Pho Tau Bay a handful of times in the past 5 years and each visit has gotten progressively more disappointing (evidenced by the decline in Vietnamese clientele).  The food is not the worst Vietnamese food I've eaten but that's not saying much.  They are stingy with meat (the banh mi is one of the worst offenders) and charge way too much.  The pho broth (and it's all about the broth) is clearly catered to a Western palate.  If you're looking for authenticity, this is not the place for you.Absolutely the worst Vietnamese food I have had in New Orleans.  The portions of meat, veg and herbs were teeny.  They had sliced my shrimp, which weren't very big to begin with, into at least three different pieces.  I think that means I got about three total shrimp in my dish (not to mention that I paid extra for blackened grilled shrimp and they were boiled) .  And the spring rolls each had two slices of shrimp and pork that was deli meat.  I had never seen that before.  It was disgusting.After going to 4 different Vietnamese places I decided to give this place a try, pretty disappointed and to be honest, I don't know why this place is over advertised. 
I came here for pho, oh and I wanted crispy rolls, but guess what? My condescending server told me which ones because they have like 10! WTF?! Maybe it's because I'm from NYC and pretty much I'm used to the notion that crispy rolls are the same everywhere, anyway after randomly picking one and ordering my pho which disappointingly tasted like too much star anise (to cover the fact that it was old and not fresh) and was full of meat fat and tiny chunks of coagulated blood, because they don't clean the broth. I decided to dig in and wished I didn't.
My hubby was also very disappointed, we got only a handful of noodles and they pack it with tendons so you get as little meat as possible.
Thank goodness I found a solid place around NOLA for pho, don't bother going here, oh and here's something disturbing, if you're not Caucasian the cashier girl won't talk to you, even if you're being a jerk and keep asking what a banh-mi is 5 times and giving her a hard time about onions and cilantro, she'll love you and speak to you and ask you about family --as long as you're Caucasian.  Otherwise, you get charged and she won't even look at you --just sayin'.Delicious, quick Vietnamese food. PTB has the best eggrolls in the city. The vermicelli bowls and pho are also solid. Banh mis aren't up to par with other offerings in the city though.I visited Pho Tau Bay for lunch today with a friend. It is just a couple blocks from school which is a definite plus. The interior of the store was clean, and the decor was remarkable! I ordered the pork and eggroll vermicelli and it was okay. I really love the pickled carrots! Sadly, the pork portion was very small compared to the portion I get from other Vietnamese restaurants. I also had the jasmine iced tea, and I thought it was very refreshing. I will definitely be returning to this restaurant soon to try the pho! All in all, I would give Pho Tau Bay a solid 3.7.The Best Pho I have experienced. There are moments, while eating my bowl of Pho or combo chicken and egg role salad bowl, in which I literally consider crushing the constituents and snorting them. I swear this stuff will cure hangover's and reduce wrinkles. Karl and his soon to be wife Laura or super nice people who will go out of their way to provide you with great service. So head on over the bridge and grab a bowl of youth and maybe a cafe su da. You won't be disappointed.I loved Pho Tau Bay when it was in Mid City and when that location closed after Katrina, I made faithful pilgrimages to the Westbank for spring rolls, banh mi, and Vietnamese iced coffee.  When the closure of PTB was announced last year and they stated they would be moving BACK to the Eastbank, I was extremely excited.  I knew I had to go once I saw the Tulane location was finally opened...
And...
Well, the food is still very good and comes out very quickly.  Portions seem a bit smaller.  Prices might be slightly higher, but I'm not 100% sure on that.  The main issue is (especially during lunch rush) that they have changed their ordering format.  PTB WB was table service unless you were making a to-go order.  Now, everyone stands in line to order, which would (emphasis on WOULD) have been fine, IF: 1) BOTH registers were in use, 2) the person working the ONE register wasn't also packing to-go orders, expediting, answering questions from food runners, AND filling (certain) drinks, 3) the computerized register had the correct pricing on the items.  A line ordering system should move faster.  We spent FORTY-FIVE MINUTES in line to wait to GET to the register because of the above issues.  
I appreciate that PTB has a cult following and everyone wants to eat there, but the line was not that long when we got in it.  I also am aware I went back the second week they were open.  However, if this was the plan to go from table service to line ordering, then they should have realized they would need both registers running from at LEAST 11 AM to 1:30 PM.  The restaurant is lovely, lots of seating, you can refill your own jasmine tea (or soft drinks) now, and condiments like the all important sriracha are centralized near the drinks.  They have to fix the line ordering issues, ASAP.
tl;dr: OPEN BOTH REGISTERS DURING LUNCH RUSH!!!I came here twice and I like how the restaurant is modern and clean. I was craving pho and this was the closest and the only pho place that was open during our stay in New Orleans.
Food Ordered:
1) Bun Bo Hue
My favorite dish that we ordered was the Bun Bo Hue (BBH) -- the soup was so good and had a nice kick. Plus, their version doesn't have any chicken feet or weird animal parts that I don't eat -- just beef and chicken. It might not be the most traditional BBH, but it's my favorite BBH that I've tried.
2) Pho Ga (Chicken Pho)
You can't go wrong with pho. Their broth is clean, but I wouldn't recommend the chicken unless you like white chicken meat. It's a bit dry and there's no flavor to it.
3) Goi Cuon Ga Nuong (Chicken Summer Rolls -- but they call it spring rolls)
I still prefer spring rolls (fried) over summer roll, so this summer roll is ok to me. But that peanut sauce is the bomb. It reminds me of the peanut sauce that is used for cheurn fun (chinese flat rolled up rice noodles) & that is what ALL peanut sauce should be like.
4) Com Thit Nuong (Sliced pork chop over rice)
Please refer to my picture to see how sad the meat to rice ratio is. I was originally going to get the pork chop, but I was feeling lazy and both dishes were the same price, so I went for the sliced version. But please avoid making the same mistake as I did and just don't order this dish. The dish wasn't bad, but for the amount I'm paying, why am I getting so little meat??
5) Banh Mi Ga Nuong (Char-grilled chicken)
The size of the banh mi surprised me because I'm used to banh mi's that are ~12 inches long ( and then cut in half) and can be shared. The serving size of their banh mi is meant for 1 person, so keep that in mind if you were thinking of sharing this as a meal. Their chicken is just ok, I'd probably try something else next time if I wanted to order a banh mi from them again.
Overall, I'd stick to their noodle dishes. Plus, I really like the customer service. All the servers are extremely nice and polite! We even called on July 4th to ask them what time they were open until. They originally told us a time that I don't remember, but they ended up calling us back to let us know they're closing earlier than expected (which is understandable because business was probably slow) and that was really sweet of them and I definitely appreciated that. They're next to a hospital, so you'll see a lot of healthcare professional workers here on their lunch break, but they have ample seating (tables and bar seats).Went here for the first time the other night with some of my family who have spent extensive time in Vietnam.  They said it was as good as the real deal.
My suggestion: get the limeade.  YUM.PHo here is horrible, to the people that are not Vietnamese and thinking this is PHo, well, im telling u, this is not. Any Vietnamese housewife can cook PHo better. The broth is totally MSG+ sugar+beef flavor. Yea, a lots of MSG. The Ice tea taste wierd like it sit there for months. The Com tam bi suon, trung which is Rice, BBQ pork and egg is ok. overall, Im native Vietnamese and this is the worst yet PHo I ever known. Really, this PHo is a shame for any body have eaten real Pho before,Pho that is simply on a different level.
You will be hard pressed to find any other Vietnamese place in the entire United States as good as Pho Tau Bay. And I would go as far to say it has to be one of the top five in any order anywhere in the U.S.
Pho Ga and Pho Dac Biet are the two you really want to stick to. However the spring rolls are also to die for as well.
If you are a fan of Vietnamese food, you have to make the stop. Any of the locations in the metro are good, however I am partial to the Westbank.Pretty tasty Bahn mi. Veggie pho was surprisingly flavorful. The peanut sauce served with the spring rolls was great. The preserved lime drink was worth going back for. Everything seemed a little over priced though.As pho afficianados from the coasts, we were eager to find a good pho joint in NOLA. A few recommendations from friends brought us to this money spot owned by a Vietnamese-American and his mom. 
Cross-culture aside, the soup was great. Nice portion sizes, with a good balance of meat and noodles. Gigantor chunks of tendon for Allen, springy meatballs for me, and raw beef served on the side at our request. 
This might be our go-to spot next time we're down in the Big Easy.Wow, I'm so amazed on the high ratings for this so-called pho restaurant.  My family and I visited New Orleans for a week in mid-December.  We were tired of over-priced American/Cajun foods, so I took my family to Pho Tau Bay based on the 4-star review on Yelp.  I should've known these reviews are from people who are not of Vietnamese origin.  
You know this place is over-rated when you enter the establishment and there was no fragrant smell of pho at a pho restaurant, and you did not see any other Vietnamese customers.  
I was pretty shocked when my husband spoke to a Caucasian gentleman and found out that he was the cook.  My family and I decided to stay and try out the food anyway since we were craving for our native food.  First of all, food pricing is high everywhere in the greater New Orleans area.  Therefore, I wasn't surprised to find that Pho Tau Bay food was at least $2.00 pricier than similar restaurants in my hometown Seattle.  
My husband had the worse Bo Luc Lac rice dish (Saigon rib-eye steak) he ever had.  He only got about 8 tiny cubes of beef, and the meat tasted old.  My husband told a female server that the meat is old, and she simply apologized and walked away. My parents and I had pho and it had no flavor of star anise, dried cloves, and other herbs known for pho ingredients.  I had to add more fish sauce and hoisin sauce just to give some taste to the broth.  
My kids had goi ga (chicken & cabbage salad), and they liked it.  I would be shocked if a Vietnamese restaurant cannot make this simple salad dish.  I did notice that the restaurant was cheap on the meat side.  Both the pho and goi ga orders were short on the meat.  If I didn't know any better, I would've thought this was a vegetarian restaurant.
Fortunately, my cousin who lives in Harvey referred us to a more authentic Vietnamese restaurant nearby.  It is called Hoa Hong 9 (Nine Roses).  Check out my review on Hoa Hong 9 Restaurant.Pho Tau Bay is right around the corner from my work on the Wank. So almost four years ago I was so excited to have this place in such a close proximity. The best pho in the NOLA area is within walking distance? Great! Welp, times have changed. Now, I head to Pho Tau Bay when people venture over the bridge for lunch or if I have a cold fast approaching. Don't get me wrong, the pho is very tasty. They have many more variations then most pho restaurants and the broth is always rich with flavor and warms the soul right up. They just seem to be suffering from the thing that happens to restaurants when they are featured on Food Network too often. The food is still good, but service tends to head to the toilet. I'm a pretty patient person, but when I sit at a table for 30 minutes with not even a glass of water, I tend to get a little cranky. Hey guys, maybe now that you are so popular you could hire a couple more servers and not have the busboy try to fumble his way through my lunch. Just a thought. If you can get here when the crowd is low and get a real server, by all means, head this way. Or go to Lily's on Magazine before Emeril hears about it and blabs to the world.So my first time here today. When we got our menus, she just gave it to us and left. We perused it for a couple minutes and were ready to order. We ended up ordering a beef combo pho, seafood pho, and VG6 vegetarian stir fry. Food came out within a few minutes which is good. So first thing we all did was taste the soups. The beef pho soup was OK, nothing spectacular. I still think Dong Phuong in the east has the best beef pho I've ate. The seafood one tasted a little nutty, not sure why. But we didn't like it much either. Much prefer pho Orchid seafood pho. I had the VG6, and wasn't what I expected. I was expecting a noodle stir fry with vegetables, similar to a pad Thai. But it was literally pan fried noodles with stir fry veggies on top. I was like OK, this is new. I tasted it and the noodles were nice. The stir fry sauce was light in flavor and not oily, which I liked. We all ate all our food. Sister bought a dessert afterwards, Che ba mau. She says it's not good. The food here isn't mind blowing but for the price, it's good. I don't think I'll be coming here again though. I'll stick to my places in the east.Broth is the best out of the pho places in New Orleans. Meat quality is just ok. Only con is the prices are slightly higher.
Also had the spicy beef stew. It's definitely not spicy (well, at least to me; maybe it's because i'm Korean). Large chunks of tender beef and carrots. You can order with french bread or noodles. Kind of tastes like Campbell's chunky soup with a Vietnamese kick to it. Be careful as the noodles become "flobby" quicker than in the pho broth. By "flobby" I mean, they suck up the liquid in the stew and become swollen. In any case, it was decent but I'll probably stick to the pho next time.
Service is quick and friendly and some of the staff are English speakers, which helps. Don't mind that the owner is a white American. This is authentic Vietnamese and he speaks Vietnamese from living there for 10 years. His wife is Viet and his half viet son also works there. 
Will always try and make a stop there when I'm on the West Bank....Extensive menu, great for vegetarians, best broth this side of Vietnam.
"I'll have an order of veggie spring rolls, a small pho chay, a soda chan...aaaand, my friend and I will share a veggie banh mi. Thanks.
OH WAIT! Could I get an order of the pan-fried noodles w/ vegetables to go, please? Great, thanks."
Yeah...it's that good.Hands down, the best pho restaurant on the West Bank, perhaps in the entire New Orleans area! 
My family and I usually try to make a stop here every few weeks since we live nearby. Very convenient to order and pick up our meal. The noodles in the pho are wonderful and the broth has great flavor! We've never had a bad meal here and always look forward to coming back to our favorite Vietnamese restaurant!This is not the best Vietnamese in New Orleans by a long shot.  Not the best on the westbank either.  Heck, its not the best within a 1000 foot radius.  It used to be awesome, but that was long ago.  On my most recent visit, I had Vietnamese egg rolls, pho tai and iced tea.   Everything was brought out at once, about 3 minutes after I ordered.  Being served more than one course at once is a pet peeve of mine as is being served an item that could not possibly have been cooked to order.  The tea was fine, the egg rolls were ok (albeit room temperature) and the soup was so-so.  The meat was very fatty, so much so that most of it remained uneaten on the empty condiment plate.  Far too many great Vietnamese restaurants within a few miles to really make this anything but a last resort.  Try 9 Roses across the Westbank Expressway, Pho Bang on Manhattan, Kim Son or quite a few others.Absolutely loved the food. The staff was friendly and attentive. The locale was organized and clean. Recommend if you're in the nearby hospital or in the CBD.Got the brisket pho.  The broth is good but the portion for cost is disappointing.  8 dollars gives you only half of what the other places will give you. I'll be at the multiple other places for pho.This is a delivery review --
The food came promptly and even before delivery time. We had one order of a rice plate and one order of pho. Everything came packaged very nicely and nothing cross contaminated. The food was standard, nothing too amazing or anything new to us. 
Water rating: N/A
Food: 4 stars, decent and good for price
Service: five stars, fast deliveryWhat strikes me most about the food at PTB is the wholesomeness. I had one of the beef phos. It was garnished with greens and sprouts and, although I wasn't sick, I felt healthier just having inhaled the steam from my bowl. And the flavor was magnificent! There really is a difference between using fresh off-the-vine ingredients and using something that was shipped in from a warehouse in New Jersey. 
Since I'm from NOLA and grew up in New Orleans East, I've had pho, and it's variations, all my life. PTB does it as we'll as anyone, and I left happy and full. A winner.With as popular as PTB has gotten, there are bound to be haters. But don't count me among them. Consistently amazing and affordable, Pho Tau Bay is one of the best excuses to waste $1 on the CCC toll. While I've tried bites of many of their dishes, I cling pretty firmly to my favorite, the chargrilled pork and eggroll bun. The flavor profile is an amazing combination of hearty and light. The crispy fried garlic and finely chopped peanuts are the kinds of small touches that take a dish from good to great. And nothing compares to Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk after a huge bowl of pho or bun. You can stuff yourself on the cheap and never feel like you're eating junk. Priceless.What's the best for dinner during the winter? 
I think Pho is a good choice!
I went thete Friday evening, they only open until 7. The large bow is supper but shrimp spring roll can be better if with more vegetables! 
Good price and good service! Will visit again for sure!Been going here for at least 10 years or more. Before Katrina, my boyfriend and I had the same unsmiling, middle-age waitress, who we still loved because it was just so fun to see if we could get her to crack a smile! (We did, once.) She didn't come back after the storm--but Doug and I miss you! (And we hope you are ok.!)
But I digress. I have probably gotten the same thing--won ton soup with egg noodles and shrimp. Besides being super delicious, I SWEAR that it wards off colds and illnesses. The spring rolls are great too. 
Having been to Vietnam, this is the place to me in NO that comes closest to what I had over there.
In answer to JD's comments: Umm, so the location ain't pretty outside, but didn't know you like your Vietnamese restaurants to look like Disney World. (And have you been to an actual ghetto?)love this place!  it is a reason in itself to go to the West Bank. 
my wife and i are weekly visitors.  we have never been disappointed. 
the owners are in the restaurant daily, either in the kitchen, waiting tables, or running the register.  they are extra nice and greet regulars by name.The best there is for authentic Vietnamese dishes!!  Food great, people better!!!I see a lot of reviews with a high rating, but people are complaining about the food quality. This confuses me.
I picked this Vietnamese place because it had pho in its name and had a very high rating. 
I've eaten pho internationally, so you could call me a pho snob, but I just love a good bowl of pho. If you're like me, stop reading and don't go here.
Some justification: I was excited when I got here and read the menu. It seemed authethic and everything checked out. People had slow drippers over their mugs, which means they're doing something right. I ordered the Pho Tai because I'm basic, and once I got my soup it smelled alright. I got an extra large and the bowl was probably the size of a normal bowl at your average Vietnamese place. I tried the soup and to my dissapointment it wasn't pho. It tasted like glorified chicken noodle soup.
The broth looked like it lacked fat circles from marrow, and it did not have much flavor other than salt and cinnamon. There was also a distinct lack of green onions and cilantro. 
My friend got the wonton soup with the "tasty" broth and it was just salty and fish saucy. It wasn't the greatest either.
The fried egg rolls were good though.
Like I said earlier, if you want a good bowl of pho, go somewhere else.Nice vibe and nice people but overpriced and just not that tasty. Had the pho tai, shrimp spring roll, and fried egg roll.The restaurant is laid out as a fast casual food place so you order at the counter and are given a number and they will bring your food to you. It was very clean and spacious when we went for lunch. 
The fried egg rolls with pork were delicious, especially the slightly sweet dipping sauce that it came with. 
I also got the beef combo pho and spring rolls which were very tasty. This is a great quick and affordable lunch spot.Decent pho at reasonable prices. The pho ga wasn't as flavorful as I'd hoped. But the condiment bar is nice. I would have liked some smaller menu options too -- my kids love pho and eggrolls and such but can't eat a full portion.Simply disgusting. What they serve is not authentic Vietnamese pho at all, and don't dare to correct me on this one. I lived in Vietnam for years, I know how pho tastes like. Oh, and dont listen to that Anthony Bourdain guy. Trust me, you will be disappointed on your visit to this place if you dont.Damn you Anthony Bourdain!!  I learned of this restaurant from watching The Layover: NOLA.  I was in NOLA for a conference and I decided to be a Bourdain chaser for once.  I thought the food was gonna be good since he recommended the place.  I dragged my fiance from our hotel room all the way to this restaurant.  
We come to find this restaurant to be a tourist trap that was not very good.  Let me start of by saying that we like Pho.  I think we've had enough Pho in our day to know a good bowl of Pho from an average one.  We were disappointed to find the broth to be bland and salty - there was no depth to the soup...  We had such high hopes but we were definitely disappointed.  Sad to say - it was our worst meal in NOLA.Used to love this place when it was on the West Bank, so I was really excited when they reopened on Tulane Avenue.   I wish I could give you a review of the food, but, as other reviewers gave noted, I couldn't even get to the counter.   The line was only about seven people long, but it really didn't move for twenty minutes.   I had to give up.   There's plenty of other excellent pho in New Orleans.   So, until they go back to wait service, or spend some time at Company Burger and learn how to do the self-ordering process correctly, I'll take my business elsewhere.I ran in here while on jury duty. With very little time, I was pleased to get a beautiful (and huge) meal in just a few minutes. The staff was friendly, decor was sleek. The dining area is large, with plenty of tables, and a very long bar for additional seating. Prices were also decent. I expected the "gentrification tax" that usually applies to any Vietnamese restaurant that's not on the West Bank; dishes weren't cheap ($8-$12), but well worth it, considering serving size.
I had been to the West Bank location as well, but not often enough to speak to any changes since the move. I've always found Pho Tau Bay's vegetarian options pretty bland and generally chose Tan Dinh instead when I was on the Wank (their chili lemongrass tofu is amazing). The tofu I had recently was still a bit bland, but the convenience made it worth it. I'll definitely be back.Really good non-pho stuff. I'm sure their pho is great, but all their other stuff is excellent.Closed as of February 14th.  The new location is supposed to be on Tulane near Claiborne, and rumored to not be opening until summer.  I DIE.Just had lunch here with hubby & two kids. First the good. Grilled pork banh mi was excellent. Bread was crunchy yet soft just as it should be. The spring rolls were delicious as was the iced coffee with condensed milk. Very nice relaxed atmosphere and clean and friendly staff.   Now the not so good. We all had the pho and we were disappointed.  The broth (which is the most important aspect of pho in my opinion) just didn't have depth of flavor.   I'm Vietnamese so I've had my share of pho.  The usual basil, lime, sprouts etc were all fresh.  We would definitely go back for the banh mi but will skip the pho.  Maybe another soup instead.The phô here was really great (I had the tendon pho, and the broth was really flavorful), and the shrimp summer rolls were good, too. And they had a good sauce selection! Very impressed, overall.YYYUUMMMMM! I'm no Vietnamese expert but this place is dabomb.com!  I always get B7, the vermicelli noodle salad bowl with pork & egg rolls.  First of all, egg rolls in a noodle dish?? YES.  Love it, so good.  I always pay the dollar extra to get the larger size and usually have enough for leftovers.  Now that I don't live in New Orleans anymore, this will definitely be on my list of most-missed places.The Pho was very good, but I don't understand why everyone seems to think that this is the best in town.I'm a REALLY tough sell for Vietnamese because we live in Little Saigon in San Francisco.  I gotta say, their beef stew really measures up to ANYTHING in California.  I've tried some other dishes, I'm not sure if there's a different region of Vietnamese in Louisiana than Cali but the food was fine.  I should really try more before I say.I went to lunch today and got the char-grilled shrimp vermicelli. I was very disappointed, the size of the shrimp were pop corn shrimp sized. I only got 5 shrimp and were under seasoned.This place seemed like a Viet fast casual place with dishes coming out within 10 min and some taking out
I ordered the cm4 com bo luc lac, beef cubes w yellow onions and s4 bun bo hue, hot spicy pork n beef in fish stock w rice noodles and the shrimp spring rolls.
First of all the sriracha sauce tasted pretty damn good like they made it in house. It complimented the fresh spring rolls well. Nothing special just fresh.
The beef cubes portion were pretty small and I can't say I preferred them over the ones in nyc.
The bun bo hue, I made the mistake of trying to eat it without the veggies and I felt like I got raped by a school of fish with their strong fish sauce flavoring. With each bite I was drowing deeper into the trenches until I threw the bean sprouts and basil in there, which I realize neutralizes the fishiness.
I'd probably come back to check out the Pho or get a quick viet meal, but I'm just glad its not cajun for nowThis is an excellent restaurant.  My phone really has a hard time finding it, but once I followed a guy that looked like he might work there (turns out he did) I ordered the pork pho.  It was incredible.  I would recommend this place to anyone.  If you've never had pho before this is a great place to start!It earned the final star! Went here today even though the girly wasn't 100% behind the choice. She wanted to go to Gatusso's...go figure. 
Anyway, I was driving so for once, I won. *Yay for winning!* One or two eye-rolls later, we got there.
When we walked in, it was about 3/4ths full. A pretty good mix of people. While our waitress was not great, the rest of the experience was awesome. 
The girly ordered a pulled pork and meatball Banh mi and I got a bowl (pho) with everything. We decided to split some bun with grilled shrimp.
Of course my pho was beautiful. Seriously...I said beautiful. Perfect except for my normal need to add fish sauce, a bit of hoisin and chili paste...but not normal chili paste. It seems someone makes this stuff at home and it's like chirashi but it's actually better.
The girly loved her sammach and we both liked the bun (but the girly wished there were more grilled shrimps in it. Let me just say that even if she had the bowl all to herself, she wanted MORE grilled shrimp). She even ate the tails...btw, the tails were AWESOME. The fried red onion was perfection in the bun.
There was some kind of food show filming bits there. We probably won't be on there due to the HUGE pile of napkins I had to use due to slurping on some awesome pho. 
While I was there, I saw someone at the counter talking to one of the owners. Some people call him Uncle (After this visit, I just might do that too). Being me ( a chili-head) I saw two people talking about a pepper so I HAD to invite myself into the convo. The guy let me cut the pepper in half and try it as long as I saved the seeds for him. I managed to cut it and save 10-20 seeds and still gave the man back enough to make him happy. He talked to uncle and then stopped by our booth to chat. I mentioned that the chili was tasty but not hot enough for me to even drink my tea...
Once "uncle" got the idea that the pepper wasn't hot enough for me (or the Girly, who put her Tomboy pants on and just grabbed some for herself). He went back into the kitchen and cut up what I can possibly identify as an orange habanero.and gave it to us to try. I think he was surprised and also disappointed that we both liked the pepper but didn't sweat .
Later on, the girly decided that since she was a mac daddy, she could totally eat just the pepper. Almost burned herself into the booth...I love this woman and was so proud of her Tomboy balls..I am still not sure she properly regrets it yet. Tomorrow morning, we will know. I do know that her Tomboy-balls failed and she had me get her some flan because she needed the dairy to sooth her hot mouth. :)
Here is the thing...you can be treated like a regular or even family in this little unassuming restaurant that is really becoming a country-wide favorite and has been featured in movies and tv and my fondest dreams for 20 YEARS. Just have an open mind...don't be a purist since the best restaurants understand and adapt to their clientele instead of dictating to them what they NEED to like.
 Don't be racist and complain that the "owner is white so it's not "real" Pho. He's married to a lovely Vietnamese woman and it's her family recipes. Good solid food at a good price.
This lunch not only fed our tummies, but the peppers actually gave us such an endorphin rush, we stayed in a great mood all day.The pho (vietnamese soup) here is the best in the city.  Really refreshing when you add the sprouts and other items on the side to the dish.  Service not very good but can easily be ignored.  Check it out.Excellent service, ambient and food!!! Definitely 100% recommended. A must if you come to New Orleans. Great value and pricing for the food. Jorge helped us out to on our selection of dinner. He was very kind. Truly we enjoyed it. Coming back tomorrow.This was my first visit to a Pho place in New Orleans. Upon walking in, I noticed a lively atmosphere of young professionals enjoying lunch together. The dining room is very large, probably accommodating 50 or so. It was loud, but not loud enough that you can't have conversation across the table. 
The menu is absolutely extensive. All the major offerings were there and then some. I loved how easy it was to order. Just say a letter and a number! Who can pronounce all that anyway? 
The service was fast and very friendly. The portions were large enough so that even someone like me who loves to eat managed to leave a little bit in the bowl at the end. 
If you like Vietnamese, You can't go wrong here!I was a big fan of this joint even when it was over by the bridge at west bank and I'm so glad that they moved to CBD area now which is so close from my work! I have tried their chicken pho and seafood soup which were both great. Deep broth. Parking might be a little problem due to the location but always packed with Tulane folks and Poydras workers.  Highly recommend for less than $10 lunch if you are around!!  
P.s: they got a huge table for everybody as well as tiny tables so going to lunch by yourself wont make it awkward!! Self serving condiments and beverages.My desire to visit this restaurant was spurred on by so many people in the local movie industry who travel across the river for takeout. Something must be going on if you make the trip just for that. So far I have made 2 trips to Pho Tau Bay. It is a great place for Pho especially on a cold day in New Orleans. The noodles are perfect and the broth soothing.  The Bo Kho is just as good especially if you would like something that has a heavier flavor with more spice (and huge carrots). 
It seems a little out of place that most of the service personnel are Caucasian although the kitchen staff may be ethnic enough to keep the "authenticity" going.  Everyone is very friendly and fast.  The inside is clean but fairly plain while the outside may give you pause because the surrounding complex is a little wanting for repair.  The parking lot is in dire need of resurfacing.
All in all you won't be disappointed with Pho Tau Bay!Pho, spring rolls, and bahn mi.
Beef pho is decent.  Broth isnt as aromatic as nine roses but still tasty.  Spring roll was meh.  The chicken could have more flavor.  Nine Roses wins again IMO.  Bahn mi was good but they could have put more shrimp.  
Overall decent food but I there are better options.Authentic Vietnamese food. Clean and upscale setting at an affordable price! Delish! Highly recommended.Wow. This place went to total garbage once they moved from the westbank. The portions and quality used to be exceptional and was always a front runner when our fav place (tan dinh) was closed. We tried the new location today for the first time and what a disappointment. The portions seem like less than half the size they used to be - their spring rolls taste like frozen ones from the Asian market and their pork/rice dish tasted like bad Chinese food?! The new location is super sanitized and fast food-y - it's completely lost its charm from the family run establishment it used to be. We will never be going back.Had a wonderful meal at Pho Tau Bay! It's near on impossible to get a good bowl of Pho in New York, so when I saw that there was a decent Pho place on a recent trip to New Orleans, I was jumping to try it. After a few days of heavy Cajun eats, a fresh, restorative bowl of Pho is exactly what we needed.
We got to the restaurant right on opening time and were greeted by the servers. The owner Karl came up and asked us where we were from and told us a little about how he came to be in New Orleans. We ordered two bowls of Pho Tai and sat down at one of the many tables. 
The setup of the restaurant wasn't like a traditional Viet place with sauces and cutlery on each table, rather there was a central area where you could dispense them into little cups and bring them to your table. The bowls appeared within 10 minutes along with a side plate of lime, bean shoots, herbs and chilli.  It smelled just like what a good Pho should smell like - slightly beefy with notes of star anise. The broth was crystal clear.
The taste brought me back to our favourite Pho places in Sydney - light and delicate. We finished nearly every drop!
We will most definitely be back when we are in New Orleans next (hopefully soon!)Best pho (that I have had so far) in the NOLA area....and NOLA is known for good Vietnamese food.
Selection, portion size, price all hit the right spot. Spring rolls and pho are excellent.
Lots of parking and east to get to (right off freeway). Only ~8min drive from the city on the westbank, worth the trip!This new establishment is still in the opening phase so the over crowding will subside once the "new" experience wears off. Don't let that deter you from trying their food. Authentic Pho at its best! I'm ecstatic they opened this restaurant right by where I work. Will definitely be coming here often!!I mean I am not updating so much from the previous review in a sense that I am still sticking with 5 stars. I just came to let the world know of this amazing dish I tried for lunch today.
The menu is organized by category and the first section is for fresh rolls. Until now I thought it was all just rolls but boy was I wrong! They had cabbage salad! It said it is the best Vietnamese salad and they are so right. It was super great. I have been working on lowering empty calorie intake (aka noodles, rice and all that good stuff) so I distanced myself from Vietnamese cuisine but this dish is making me jump back to Vietnamese game. In simple words, it is pretty much Vermicelli but instead of noodle, it is shredded cabbage covered lightly in sesame oil. Super refreshing and no bloating and drowsiness from full belly after lunch. 
The default protein (chicken or shrimp) comes in boiled form but for $1.50 added, you can have them grilled. Go try it out when you feel like a healthy option for lunch.I cannot count how many times I have frequented this place. It's a usual haunt for myself and my boy, and I believe that now they recognize us. Just a warning, they WILL come to take your order almost immediately, but don't be afraid to tell them you need more time. Also, I don't know how well this restaurant meets the "Traditional Vietnamese" moniker, but it doesn't matter, it's still so very yummy.
Ok, the food:
I always get spring rolls of some sort. Shrimp are great. Request the peanut sauce.
I then get the won-ton soup regular size with rice noodles. Yuummmmm.
I also do love the bahn-mis of different types. The Mr. loves the pork. 
Also do try the fried rice with egg. So good.
Also, the story behind this restaurant is super cool. The American cook you see through the kitchen window is a Vietnam vet who met his love and brought her home. The family now works the place with the son and his wife. Very nice people.I love this place!!  
The previous reviews are right on the money -- I never would have even seen this place, much less gone inside, were it not for the awesome reviews here.  It's in a seriously sketchy-looking strip mall, and you can barely see it from the road even when you're looking for it.  Even getting in the place is confusing -- two doors, two doors, which one, which one????  *laughing*  Pro tip -- either door is fine.  And seat yourself.  :)  The inside décor is all over the map.  It looks like an old greasy spoon diner, right down to the funky white drop-tile ceiling and painted wood everywhere... but then there are these odd splashes of interesting décor interspersed throughout.  It feels like your maw-maw's house with nothing changed in the last forty years except for the gifts she gets at Christmas every year from her art-student granddaughter that she feels obligated to hang on the walls, ya know?  So... yeah.  It feels like home.  *laughing*
Service is efficient and they definitely don't linger and chit-chat, but I wouldn't go so far as to classify it as rude as some others have done here.  They are plenty friendly and smiley (the kiddo will bring that out in all but the most crotchety, haha) every time we have been.  Extra points for the cool t-shirts they wear, with the "pho-getaboutit" bit on the back.
And the food?  YUM.  We always get the grilled chicken vermicelli with egg rolls, and both are always delicious.  I like that they have a normal serving size option as well as the fit-for-giants portion as well.  The regular size is almost more than I can handle even when I'm absolutely famished walking through the door.  Everything is super-fresh, including the cilantro that I forget to ask them to leave out half the time.  And boy is there lots of it to pick out when you make THAT mistake.  The other veggies are sometimes on the slim side, but last time I went they were a lot more plentiful and much more what I am used to from other places.  I dig that you get to add your own amount of heat to the dressing, so I can pull some for the kiddo with minor spice and then add a bit more to mine.  The egg rolls are delicious, and the kiddo really digs the combination fried rice.  
Kind of irritating that they won't split a check, especially considering they have to ring everything by hand at the register where you pay... but I guess that's their prerogative, Bobby Brown.  It's definitely not going to keep me from coming back, and often.I've been wanting to check this place out for months since I saw the best thing I ever ate on food network. Honestly, I don't really like Pho, so I was nervous. I got the pho ga, or chicken soup pho, iced coffee with condensed milk, and the shrimp spring rolls. I truly enjoyed everything and thought the pho was delicious!! Each dish was flavored well, and the coffee was just as I remember from more authentic places. I was pleasantly surprised and will hope to be back in the near future on my lunch breaks :)This place is magic. I dream about the bánh hoi with lemongrass beef. The owners are sweethearts as well.We took a cue from Tony Boudain and opted for lunch at pho tau bay. This counter service restaurant offers some standard Vietnamese offerings of bahn mi and pho. My sister and I shared the pho ap chao and it was AMAZING! This dish is worth the trip though the pho and bahn mi were good but not spectacular.Came here while we were staying with friends in the West Bank. Besides Garmin pointing us in the wrong direction (2 lights further) it was an excellent experience. We had a huge order, vermicelli bowls, bang mi, phi... It was all good. Called it in and ready in 30 mins. Hit it up if you're in the hood!Vietnamese is probably one of my favorite cuisines. I think it compliments the often salty and horrifically heavy fare that dominates our homes and our city (not saying thats bad).
I can't say this is the best Vietnamese food in the city, but it's quality, and it's cheap. The atmosphere is comfortable inside and they are extremely used to Americans, unlike some of the other tastier Vietnamese places in New Orleans.Maybe we went on a bad day because there weren't that many people for lunch. I didn't see any Asian customers and most customers in there were the local coast guard people in their uniforms.
The place wasn't that clean but no dirtier than typical Vietnamese Pho places. The broth was better than average but the noodles and meat they put in didn't taste fresh. 
Maybe this place was really good before they got 'famous' but I've had better Phos in numerous California Vietnamese places.I finally found my Vietnamese restaurant!  I had the lemongrass beef salad bowl thing which was delicious, the imperial rolls which I dream about, and the vegetarian spring rolls which were sooooo good (hot tofu = nice touch).  My boyfriend didn't really like his banh mi, but all the food I ate was amazing.Solid four. I eat a lot of Pho, and have eaten it in Vietnam. Pho was three stars, nutritious, delicious, but the broth was lacking depth of flavor, more like a simple beef broth than the complex yumminess that is a true pho broth. 
The other food was very good. Spring rolls excellent and authentic. Sauces legit. One of  the best and most authentic things were the Banh Mi sandwiches we got to go. Excellent French bread and really excellent favoring. Both the ham and pate ones were really, really good. Don't be put off if you come at night and the outside looks sketchy, (dark, deserted, low, abandoned looking) it is nice inside with very friendly folks.My favorite was the steam egg that came with my pork chop and rice. I could have skipped the pork chop and eaten a larger egg! The macaroon was disappointing to several of us. If you go using Lauduree as the comparison, I suspect this is unsurprising. 
A couple other notes if you go for your first time:
- Order at the counter
- Pitchers of water are scattered about the seating area
- Your choice of sauces (hoison, sriracha, etc.) are in the service areaI've been to Vietnamese restaurants around the country and this is my favorite, by a long-shot. Now, if you're strictly into ambiance, the decor may not satisfy you as much,  but the food certainly will. 
I've been coming here since 2001, and I have never had a bad experience, which is far more than I can say for other Vietnamese places around. Their fresh spring rolls set the bar for me, and the Bun Bo Hue, is just amazing. You can't find that one many other places, but it's a hot & spicy pork & beef soup with fish-based broth that's so complex... it's just joy. They're super-nice, good people--a really great family- and when I was away after Katrina, I missed both the food and the people. 
Ooh- try the jasmine iced tea with lime juice if you like it  nice, tart, floral & refreshing-- I get it unsweetened, but if you like it on the sweeter side they have packets of fake sugar or a pre-sweetened batch for you as well.  (I also ask for fewer noodles and extra limes with my Bun Bo Hue and they're happy to accommodate. It's delicious!)The spring rolls are fresh (and you can get a half order of 2 rolls instead of having to order 4), anything with chargrilled pork is fantastic (although I'm particularly partial to the bun with pork and eggrolls and the pork banh mi), and the cafe sua da is velvety and delicious. The service is fast and friendly, but you can't split the bill on multiple cards. Bring cash, or expect to exchange IOUs.If you dont want to drive all the way to the east this is a good alternative.  The food here is good, banh mis are solid, pho is good, and the noodle bowls stand up.  Prices are low and it gets packed at lunch time so get there early or late if you dont want to wait.  I really enjoy vietnamese food and this is one of the places i goHad to walk a few blocks to get to this joint from our hotel but it was all worth it. After searching for the best reviews & loving trying different food I chose here. Vietnamese chicken noodle soup, (Pho GA) is great. I also tried the Goi Cuon Thit Nuong, which is pork, pickles carrots, & lettuce wrapped in rice paper with their sauce to dip in. Try this place, u won't be disappointed.For Vietnamese food lovers, this place will not wow you and it is not worth the drive from NO to check it out. The dishes are slightly smaller than a usual Pho shop. The menu is very, very standard with none of the creative Vietnamese dishes that are so filled with flavor. The location of the place is horrible and it took us about an hour to find it, even with the GPS.
The people were nice and friendly, but that's all I can really say. The other reviewer, Linh V. is right on with her review. The peanut  sauce was a little off, the spring rolls were overly meat filled and greasy. Both my boyfriend and myself left disappointed.
Again I have to recommend Mr. Le's if ever in Allston, MA.  I've tried Vietnamese recommended in virtually every city I've visited and all are a disappointment when compared to them. The search for great pho continues...Their pho is pretty amazing especially considering the price.  I wouldn't say it's the best pho I've had but I'm from Los Angeles and am pretty spoiled when it comes to Asian cuisine, however I will continue to make the drive to Gretna for this meal.  I've lived in New Orleans for 3 years and this is the best Asian food I've come across. Worth the drive.I had pho tai or some other kind of generic pho, vegetarian banh mi, and taro pudding.  The pho was unbelievably bland.  Really, just not very good at all, especially when compared to other places in the city.  The banh mi was dry and weirdly constructed.  The taro pudding was ok, although the texture wasn't uniform enough for my liking.   The service was reasonable enough.  I don't know, I don't understand everyone's obsession with it, except that maybe since they do not suffer from the demon of a pho addiction, they are able to order other dishes which are better.Nothing like a bowl of chicken pho after a morning of frustration.  But my favorite thing is the jasmine tea with lime juice.  Simple thing I know, but it makes me smile.The Pho at Pho Tau Bay is a s good as it gets in New Orleans.  The broth on both the Pho Tai and Ga are clear and delicious.  You will find no "fake" flavours at this awesome place.  They have wonderful vietnamese po'boys and the chicken bun is great.  Cheers to Pho Tau Bay our fave vietnamese in greater NOLA.  
The atmosphere is diner with eclectic cool music.Awesome food especially when your feeling sick. 
We both had a cold and got pho from here which definitely aided in our recovery. This is the time of year everyone is sick and this food HELPS.
Its a small place with several tables that fill up fast for lunch. Make sure you get there early.This is the best Pho ever, i came here for convention, i was craving for vietnamese soup. I google and found this place, the owner is very nice, excellent customer services, she came out and talk to us. I love pho here, the soup has alot of flavor, even better then California. Iam from California, Bay Area, where there are alot of Pho but this place is the best. I ordered a bowl of Pho Tai Ngan, it was the best taste ever.  I will definitely come back if i ever visit New Orleans again, very clean, good food and great customer services both from staff and the owner...So we were staying in Gretna on our New Orleans trip and wanted to find something easy to get to from the hotel for dinner. I checked out the listings on Google Maps and came across 3 different Vietnamese and a Belgian restaurant. While the Belgian place had some great reviews, I figured we must be in an area with some good Vietnamese if there are 3 of them within 2 miles. Pho Tau Bay had the most and best reviews and an amazing sounding menu. It didn't disappoint. We had 2 different Banh Mi (Vietnamese sandwiches), which they appropriately called Vietnamese Po' Boys, and some grilled shrimp spring rolls. All of which was decently priced and all of which tasted very good.I had really high expectations since this was featured on the food network as being one of a Emerald's favourite restaurants along time ago.  Keep in mind; they have moved locations and possibly owners.  The new restaurant is a order at the counter style.  The pho was just alright.Oh, yes, I'm DEFINITELY a fan of Pho Tau Bay. The service is top-notch, the food is great, and the prices can't be beat. There were four of us in this group, some Pho, some Bun, and a Bahn Mi. The service never skipped a beat. 
I had the Bun Thit Nuong (a rice noodle salad with grilled pork on top). The noodles were done well, the salad was fresh and crisp. The pork was a little tough, but had an excellent flavor. The egg rolls that came with it were also very good. 
My only fault, and it's truly a minor one, is I've found I'm NOT a fan of Jasmine tea and that's their only option for iced tea. Yeah, it's a Vietnamese restaurant, but you're also in one of the iced-tea-capitals of the South. However, it won't keep me from coming back for great food. I'll just drink water.This wasn't what I expected. Don't get me wrong, the ambience was GREAT and so were the staff. However, the food just wasn't that good. I got a large P7, Pho Dac Biet, and the Cafe Sua Da. Both were mediocre at best. The soup was bland and the espresso tasted generic. Presentation was great, I will give them that. And like I said, the staff were friendly. Won't go out of the way to get this again, but will probably come back to give the other menu items a try.
FYI there is no minimum for credit cards, and this is an order-and-sit down place. You order at the register, grab a seat, and they will bring you your food when it's ready.New to town, and so happy to have found a great Vietnamese place close to home! I ordered the PTB Wonton Soup and Vietnamese Spring Rolls. The soup was incredible.. not sure what spices they use in the broth, but its seriously good. The spring rolls were delicious and fresh, with a nice thick peanut sauce with peanut chunks inside. I'm a fan!I'm not a pho expert.  Probably had it in the neighborhood of 10-15 times.  But damn this place is good, especially after four days of binge drinking, barely eating, barely sleeping Mardi Gras nonsense.  
I had the chicken spring roles and the pho w/ chicken.  I guess I was feeling like chicken that day.  Either way, both were damn damn good.  The service was good too.  It was crowded, yet our eating experience was manufactured in a timely fashion.  My friend Ben says there's a better pho place right down the street, but it was closed that day.  Oh well, their loss and pho tau bay's gain.The first and, now, the last of a great family-run local chain.  I love eating here, I've been highly addicted to pho since I discovered it's hang-over relief benefits about 15years ago.  Plus my son loves running around like he owns this place and everyone working there puts up with it.I am a newbie when it comes to Vietnamese food. In fact, I tried it for the first time with a friend Uptown a few days ago. The next day I was headed to Subway for lunch when I remembered much another friend liked Pho Tau Bay. I quickly changed my lunch plans.
Located in what appears to be the oldest strip mall on the westbank, Pho Tau Bay offers very reasonably priced, great food. Since I was in a hurry, I ordered a half order of shrimp spring rolls and a pork bahn mi. The total was around $10 and I was out the door in under 10 minutes.
The spring rolls were good, but something was missing. I think the large shrimp were few and far between, so most bites were just veggies. The peanut sauce did help, but I would have preferred shrimp in every bite. Next time I will try a different type.
The bahn mi was everything I hoped it would be. The perfect baguette was topped with veggies, pork and some sort of tangy dressing. This sandwich was awesome. Next time I might have to get two. 
I will eventually try pho, but have not worked up the nerve yet. Until then, I will gladly eat the bahn mi sandwiches as frequently as possible.
If anyone is on the westbank and wants to eat here, send me a message. If I can, I will meet you there.The decor and service is nice but its not enough to compensate for the food. Tried the pho and bun bo hue, both were extremely lacking in flavour/body but overly salty. Really disappointed.Fantastic pork/shrimp spring rolls. The sauce is to die for. I put the sauce on my lemongrass beef noodle bowl. It was awesome. My bf loved the pork Vietnamese po boy! service is great. Nice staff. Will be back.Stopped by here after an afternoon at the Hong Kong Market.  Three of us ordered a table full of food and everything was delicious and VERY cheap. The po-boys are a great way to start off the meal...that's right...START OFF.  Fried Spring rolls were fantastic and we even ordered a noodle plate with rice papers to make our own spring rolls.It's as legendary as they say. The vermicelli bowls are easily the best ones I've ever had. You really cannot go wrong with anything on the menu, and it's really easy to get to from the East Bank. 
I'm craving it again already.Haters' gonna hate, but I thought Pho Tau Bay was wonderful.  I don't understand how people think it was that small or cramped.  It's a spot in a strip mall, where you get damn good Vietnamese food.  It's actually quite nice inside, or they are trying at least to class it up a bit.  I don't really care about this either way though...
The pho was fabulous.  Just really wonderful.  I got the medium rare beef pho and the broth was just out of this world rich and flavorul.  The herbs, sprouts, sirracha adds an awesome bite to it.  My friend got the chicken pho and it was yummy too but I liked the broth of the beef pho better.   The noodles were perfect and glassy in each and both were certainly very fresh and high quality.   We also got Vietnamese spring rolls which were wonderful and fresh.  The peanut sauce it was served with was delightful.  It had this amazing sweetness and kick that we couldn't really put words to...somewhat like molasses brown sugar but just excellent. 
Will be back many many times.This fantastic Vietnamese restaurant has been around for over 25 years.  When you eat here, you will know why.  The pho is excellent.  One of my favorite dishes though, is Bun Tom Nuong - shrimp (always perfectly grilled) over rice noodles, lettuce and cucumbers.  Pour the noc cham sauce over it and Yum!  A perfect dish for a hot Nola day.The best Vietnamese food in town forever!! The Pho is the best and there is nothing like their beef stew with glass noodles on a cold day. Also, try their chicken salad with grilled chicken, flavors just explode in your mouth!!
Most authentic I have ever found!!Based on the reviews, I was expecting better. Have gone about 5 times and I have been very disappointed in the pho ga each time. Broth was fatty, chicken was poorly diced (tendons), had too few breasts slices, and was leathery. Flavor is heavy on the 5 spice. 
Spring rolls were meh. 
Even water was disappointing since they do not serve lemons (limes only). 
Was hoping for more.If you read my other reviews, you can tell that I have what some would call "an addiction" to Vietnamese food. I have tried patches, gum, and hypnosis; but I can't stop. 
I have been to Pho Tau Bay a few times, and find it quite delicious! I stopped going because I am one of those damned vegans, and i kept forgetting my decoder ring that had to be used to decipher their meaty menu. 
I went back tonight on a whim. There was something about their sprouts that had me wanting to try again. I was very excited to see that a new menu had replaced the old confusing one (guess I can throw away the decoder ring...)
Anyway, service was.... ok.. it was busy, and our entrees came out before the spring rolls, and the waitress either didn't care or didn't understand. 
Spring rolls were the usual fried tofu with vermicelli noodles. I like  Tan Dihn's better because they have more veggies in em. But, these were yummy too. However, the peanut sauce was deliciously different! I will be ordering it by the gallon next time and drinking it with a straw...
Our entrees came, and they were pretty darn good. Husband got VG #6 and destroyed it. I got VG #5 and ate as much as I could. I should have worn sweatpants. 
I will definitely be back for the veggie "pho" soup, and the tofu bahn mi. And the peanut sauce. All the peanut sauce.Completely underwhelmed. I'll give them a pass on the insane wait time in the line since it's a new restaurant. 
The food though is nothing special. The pho broth was flavorless. The meat and noodles in it were good but doesn't help much when the broth is weak. The banh mi was okay.
With the pho explosion in New Orleans, this restaurant needs to up its flavors game. Too bland compared to all the other places out there.I don't know how this place got 4 Stars! I went on my last day in NOLA and was very disappointed. First off, it's location is in a run down strip mall, be careful when pulling in because there are tons of pot holes everywhere. Upon entering, I noticed that the place was empty. I ordered the Egg Rolls and they came out piping hot, but cold in the center. It did not come with the typical side of lettuce and veggies either. Then came the Pho, man, it was bad. The broth looked cloudy, had no flavor and the toppings were sparse. I ordered the Pho Tai Bo Vien and it had 2 bo viens and a few slices of the beef. The meet did not look fresh and it just didn't taste good. I had to put a lot of hoisin sauce to the Pho to give it some type of flavor and...the broth was barely warm. I'll skip this place next time for sure and look for Pho elsewhere.