The best ice cream. Beautiful concept and great coffee.the owners are very nice.  All ice cream is made in house.I love, love, love this place! I've not had their food but I can't wait to try it. The gelato is amazing! Dulche Leche was my face but they have a new flavor, Mr. Cookie, that is awesome!!! Though in all honesty, all the flavors are great and you can't really go wrong. I've had the sweet crepe, which is really nice - totally simple and tasty. The owners are super sweet and talented too, which makes the entire experience even better. Definitely go and try a couple of different flavors. They change based on ingredients. Oh! You can also buy it by the pint!!!While ice cream will always have a place in my heart, there's just something special about gelato- ice cream's lighter cousin.
David and I were having a dessert craving, and this place had been on my list for a while, so we popped in. It was pretty busy for after 8 on a Saturday night, but we were served quickly. I had the raspberry gelato and it was delicious with lots of flavor and the lightness that I expect from gelato. If it hadn't been so late, I probably would have tried some of the coffee, so that's a good excuse to go back.
Aside from gelato, they have a great selection of sweet and savory crepes and with plenty of seating inside and outside, it's the perfect place for a bite to eat any time of day.Excellent service. Even more excellent gelato. Try the pistachio. You won't be disappointed.Oh my freaking god.
The gelato was killer. 
The staff was friendly and helpful.
The decor brings warmth. 
And again...the gelato was killer.AMAZING gelato! We're from out of town and we were welcomed immediately as we walked through the door. Lots of flavors are available and they also have non-dairy gelato. If you have an appetite they offer sweet and savory crepes. The flatbreads seem pretty amazing too, I'll have to return the next time I come to New Orleans. Awesome!SO glad to have discovered this delightful and delicious little place. The friendliest and most helpful staff I've met as well as fantastic gelato and coffee with so many options! I can't wait to go back soon and try the flatbreads and other food! Just stumbled on it after stuffing myself at brunch nearby but this honestly made my day. The gelato was to die for! I would recommend this to any and EVERYone!Such good gelato and the owners are so friendly! If you like gelato you must go, I had the hazelnut and it was great. They let me try a couple flavors before picking though which was helpful.The gelato was alright and quite authentic with an interesting flavor selection but they are not being competitive with Brocato's as Piccola only allows one flavor for their small serving and doesn't allow two flavors until the medium size while Brocato's will give you two flavors in a small.  I also sampled their espresso and sadly it just did not impress and Brocato's and most other places in town have much better espresso.  The space is set up nicely on the interior especially considering it is in one of the out of place strip malls on Freret Street that would be more appropriate for everywhere else strip mall U.S.A.  
Overall it is really the only Gelato or ice cream option on the Freret Street corridor and they do have some creative and good flavors to their credit.  For the price and experience it doesn't compare to Brocato's, Creole Creamery or Sucre but they probably have a niche location here that should help them with some success with all the Tulane students that probably don't even know about the existence of any other area of New Orleans or the dessert treats outside their bubble.  They have some definite unique wins with their flavors so if they can just adapt to allowing multiple flavors on a small and work on the espresso they can go far.Came on the last day of a much needed trip and their gelato is probably the best I've ever tried!  All the flavors I sampled were creamy and full of flavor.  If dairy isn't your thing or you are intolerant, they keep several sorbet-as to help satisfy your sweet tooth.  
Gelato isn't the only thing on the menu at this Gelateria however, they have a great coffee bar and also do Italian style flatbreads and crepes (savory and sweet).  If you find yourself in New Orleans and get a little burned out in the French Quarter, take a break and come out to Piccola Gelateria!Finally a gelato joint I enjoy! They offer a variety a flavor that is bound to meet your standards. They have outside and inside seating. Very cute and stylish shop. I got the hazelnut gelato and it pretty much tasted like Nutella without the chocolate. It was rich and decadent! My bf order the strawberry and it was super refreshing! The lady who took our order was very nice but rude in a way which kind of took away from our visitThis cute little gelato shop was a great find! We were in the mood for some dessert and this place hit the spot. The gelato was light, creamy, with the perfect amount of sweetness. The girl who served us was very helpful, and encouraged us to try as many samples as we wanted. She also offered us some complimentary water, which was a refreshing gesture. We also ordered a crepe that was so tasty! If you are in the mood for dessert, definitely come here!Piccola Gelateria has the best gelato in the greater New Orleans area. Period.
They have 18 rotating flavors of gelato/sorbet and they are all amazing. The owners are super nice and friendly. Ross apprenticed in Italy and all of their equipment was imported from there. The crepes and piadina are delicious. Loved the affogato espresso too. If you are in the area, try it out.This had to to be the best gelato I've ever had. Gelato isn't the only thing on the menu, but that's all I've tried so far. I sure will be back soon to try other things on the menu. Loved the environment of  it and everything was super clean. Super nice, friendly workers. Would definitely recommend!BEST gelato around! I love the staff, they are so sweet and they know me by name when I come in (not sure if that's really a good thing). My favorite flavor is Mr. Cookie but they change their flavors regularly. Even their crepes and cappuccinos are fabulous. If you haven't been there yet, you need to. Worth the visit!We were greeted by a very nice gentleman by the name of Ross. We had 2 capucchinos , which were excellent. Ross explained to us where and how he gets his coffee beans from and you could tell he had a lot of knowledge and passion for his product. 
We then had some of the most smooth delicious gelato we have ever tasted. Having been to Rome a year ago , the gelato we had was equal , if not better than the gelato we had in Rome. Great place. Can't wait to go back ..So good! We happened to accidentally come in right at closing, but they were still SO nice. They have a wonderful variety of flavors, and the portions are very generous! I didn't think she was going to stop filling the cup. Every bite was full of flavor. (The Cookie Black is 100% worth a try.) If I lived in the area I would for sure be here at least once a week. I can't wait to come back to New Orleans and visit this shop again.Friendly owner. Great vibe. Love the decor. And my teens dig the ice cream. "Cookies black" and "caramel" are amazing.I've been here a couple of times for the gelato and it's always great quality. I'm interested in trying to coffees though to see if they're just as good. Cute placeAMAZING! We purchased a pint of the cherry and the pistachio and we were not disappointed. Delicious! We will definitely be coming here again.Out of this world amazing!!! Will definitely come back. The best pistachio gelato you will ever have !!Large portions, excellent quality, plenty of space in a neighborhood away from most tourists, and full of students and lots of dining choices. Great place for after-dinner dessert.Amazing expresso and fantastic gelato. A truly European feel to this little Gelateria, and a nicer more upscale coffee scene compared to nearby cafes.Amazing store, people and gelato.  Friendly and caring employees.  Clean inside and out.  Gelato was incredible.  Great selection!Fantastic stracciatella and crepes that melt in your mouth! Wonderfully friendly owners and a clean, modern, fun atmosphere. Kid friendly too. Will definitely be back!If you're looking for ice cream in New Orleans, look no further. They have very interesting flavors, and the gelato is so rich and creamy. Also, they are always SO friendly and I can't recommend them highly enough! Also great cappuccinos- can't wait to come back and try their lunchWe stopped here when they first opened and it was the best gelato we've had!  Today we were looking for lunch and remembered the owner had mentioned they would also be serving food. Omg it was the best piadina flatbread sandwich!!  This will be our new favorite lunch location on freret!Gelato was tasty. The staff was okay. When I went, they had about half of the display fridge empty- so only a few flavors despite all the space. Definitely a fun place to pop by while you're on Freret.First time here, but I'll be back for sure! Convenient location Uptown. Comfortable & clean place with a great & fresh product.  Tried several gelato flavors & all were fabulous. Next time will need to come back to try lunch too. Also enjoyed talking with owners (serving behind the counter) & interacting with customers. Great experience!!Absolutely incredible! Every flavor is delicious. The owners are really nice and friendly. The gelato is very rich and flavorful and the whole shop has a welcoming atmosphere. I'm coming back tomorrow for sure! Try the Nutella.This is the best gelato I have ever had. Hands down. I live in the DC area so we have pretty decent food but on a recent visit to New Orleans my friend who is a local took me here for an after dinner treat. It was just amazing. The flavors were so good. I had the lemon meringue and the toffee flavors. So incredibly delicious. The service was wonderful as well. They clearly are just awesome at what they are doing. I wish I lived nearby!!Come hungry to this place! They serve crepes, sorbet, and homemade gelato and you cannot go wrong with any. The owner was so friendly and let me taste four flavors since every flavor was unique. Some favs were caramel cookie and fig. And the sizes are very generous... two thumbs up for Piccola!Nothing this good in Los Angeles except for Grom which is an Italian chain. However, Piccola's pistachio gelato is actually on par with Grom's and if you prefer small bits of pistachio then it could be better. 
I have been in Italy a bunch and consider myself a foodie. I was in NOLA partly just for the food. The gelato here is real, actual, and what it means to be gelato. I tried Sucre and was seriously disappointed. That sort of watered down, cheap ingredient and mass-produced stuff is not gelato. Piccola is the real thing - takes huge amounts of fresh ingredients to make this kind of gelato and the taste bears that out. 
Price and the drive/ride to the location is well worth it. Plus, there are a few other things to do and good restaurants in the area so you can make a lunch or dinner out of it if you're traveling from downtown/French Quarter.I wasn't expecting this gelato to be THIS good. I'm definitely a chocoholic and this was beyond amazing. I had a medium Nutella and 70% Chocolate and it was rich, creamy, and smooth. I also tried a sample of a flavor called Cookies Black and it was like an Oreo flavor on steriods. I think this is my new favorite ice cream/gelato place for sure! I just finished and I'm about to order more!We were greeted by a very nice gentleman by the name of Ross. We had 2 capucchinos , which were excellent. Ross explained to us where and how he gets his coffee beans from and you could tell he had a lot of knowledge and passion for his product. 
We then had some of the most smooth delicious gelato we have ever tasted. Having been to Rome a year ago , the gelato we had was equal , if not better than the gelato we had in Rome. Great place. Can't wait to go backThe owners are very nice and friendly . I've had tons of gelato but these people are next level. I've had the hot chocolate and the sugar crepe with a scoop of Nutella it is everything. If your in New Orleans this is def a place to go to.Absolutely the best gelato in town...by far! Please do yourself a favor and try it out. In addition to their amazing gelato, the owners are as nice as could be. Flavors are always fresh and changing, besides their staples, and they take requests as well. This is our new favorite spot :)The service was extremely amazing and the food was even better the Nutella crepes are to die for.Best gelato I have ever had. Customer service was also amazing. Super friendly and very knowledgeable. We had the gelato crepes and iced coffee it was superb.PISTACHIO. PISTACHIO. PISTACHIO. YAS! A true winner. Love this place such a gem! I can't wait to try the other flavors.. actually who am I kidding all I want to do is swim in a bucket of PISTACHIO! So good. Will definitely be back for more.. more PISTACHIO.Yes I'm giving it 5. The owner really does quality work and ingredients. Which is always welcomed to see organic being included more and wish other places would follow suit.  
Had an affogato with almond gelato and it was great. Just quality all around. Great strong espresso with out bitterness. The gelato is definitely tops and the flavors are very prominent. Like he doesn't hold back in ingredients in making them. Tried a lot of the gelato and honestly all good. I'm a big fan of Angelo brocato but I think I might have found my replacement due to the use of quality organic ingredients. Had the blueberry gelato for dessert and it was soooo good! 
Had a piadina which is an Italian quesadilla and it was good. I think I would have rather the breakfast one on a crepe instead though. 
Will definitely be back and will work my way through the menu. Awesome quality place and very cozy modern!Awesome gelato! I had the chocolate and peanut and both were fantastic. The owner greeted us and served us and was so nice and friendly. Great addition to the uptown neighborhood. We will definitely be back!This is my new favorite spot in New Orleans! The owner was knowledgeable and helpful; the ingredients are imported, natural, and fantastic. The gelato flavors make it so hard to choose (they're all perfect), and the sorbetto is just as amazing!I dream of Piccola Gelateria, land of the creamiest, most delicious gelato I've ever tasted. The friendly, patient servers encourage customers to taste up to three flavors before deciding. After much deliberation, I settled on one scoop of Pistachio and one of Espresso Latte, a perfect pairing. Happily, we were a group of four, so I was also able to sample the Sea Salt Caramel, Strawberry, Coconut, and seasonal Rose Petal. The texture and temperature of each was spot-on. The flavors? Clear and intense. 
If you don't happen to live in the neighborhood, this bright, spacious spot is absolutely worth a quick trip uptown. One bite and you'll understand why the very best restaurants in New Orleans offer Piccola Gelateria gelato on their dessert menus. 
Update: They now offer sweet and savory crepes, all types of coffees, and piadina sandwiches. Lucky New Orleans!If there were 100 stars I would certenly give to this amazing place in NOLA. I have traveled the world and eaten gelato in many places , but this was by far the best gelato that I ever had in my life. It is absolutly vacation for your mouth. From the moment you walk into this faboules place your breath is taken away from beatifuly decorated walls, tebles to very friendly stuff and owners to eating Italian Piadina , Gelato , and of course sipping on the best Expresso in town. You  can not go wrong with any choice of flavors from Nutella, salted caramel, rasbery sorbet , mango, banana pecan you name it they have it, and they are all absolutely to die for. Definetly if in NOLA must go place.OMG....where do I start? This review has been long over due! Let me start by saying that theeee most exceptional, theeee most delicious gelato is served at this establishment. My husband and I have been coming here since they opened their business and we will continue to support this local business! When we come here we feel like we're in our home. Their "living room" as they call it is very much exactly that, it's warm, cozy and comfortable and the product they serve is out of this world amazing! If you haven't tried it yet, you're missing out! If you haven't tried it yet, get ready, because it will change gelato for you forever! I can go on and on but I'll let y'all be the judge from here. And always remember "be kind it cost nothing"Full Flavored Gelato!!!!!
Friend took us there for a mid day snack.  ABSOLUTELY WONDERFUL.
We tried a couple of samples before each of us settled on two scoop cup combinations.  I went for a combo cup of Pistachio and as my second flavor chose the Black Cookie.  Both were full flavored without being overbearing.  Really nice!!
My wife also had a combo cup.  She wanted the Hazelnut and Expresso.  Both were really good and brought back strong/wonderful memories of our time in Florence and Tuscany.
This is definitely a nice place that deserves return visits.Oh wow is how I can describe the gelato. I have been to this cozy place three times and all three times my gelato was Delicious. The workers are super nice and they know their gelato. Going back tomorrow for a birthday treat.Very great local Gelato shop on Freret. If you're ever in the area or even not! Make your way here. Nice atmosphere and great customer service. :-) Happy to see another Gelato shop in the city. A great place to go out on a date.We discovered this gelateria shortly after it opened and both the owners and the gelato were great.  We have shared our enthusiasm with lots of people.  Unfortunately tonight it let us down somewhat.  We were rushed through the line even though we weren't being overly slow and the gelato was soft.  Hopefully next time will be a better experience.OMG..I had the butter sugar crepe with pistachio ice cream..to die for!!  So buttery, creamy and delicious!!I got the kookie karamel and the flavor was really good and the gelato was really smooth. They also pile on the ice cream so you get more bang for your buck.
The downside is my friend tried to go for a 4th sample, and one of the owners rudely asked "How many do you think is acceptable?" That wasn't professional at all, and they could've put a limit on the samples earlier.
All in all, the gelato was good but the attitude was not. I don't think I would come back here next time I'm in town.The best gelato you can find around Uptown! Flavors change constantly but some of my favorites are Cookies Black, Strawberry Basil, Lemon Mint, and Berry. Really generous servings and good ingredients at very reasonable prices!Two friends who lived in Italy for a while and missed the gelato teared up after eating here. It's that good. Everything is good. The owners are lovely and sweet people -- I get asked where I've been if I haven't gone in more than two months! I bring all my out of town guests here. Quaint, comfy, and beyond delicious. The only thing bad about it is what it does to my diet. But it's worth it so I don't mind.Fantastic array of gelato flavors- I love the Amarena sour cherry blended with almond 
Fantastic Tiramisu and Stracciatelli as well...you can't go wrong. Coffee, espresso et al are delicious!  Can't wait to go back and try the lunch options. Staff and owner were friendly courteous and happy to explain their products.
Can't wait to go back!I would have to say that this is the best gelato place I have ever been too. The owner (I believe) was VERY helpful! This was my boyfriend and I first time to the place after our manager have been telling us for weeks about it! The atmosphere was very welcoming. The gelato was TO DIE FOR!! I had the hazelnut and espresso latte (medium: 2 scoops) and my boyfriend had the caramel fig (small: 1 scoop). The total came up to $10-$11 which isn't too bad. I highly recommend this place for anyone craving for authentic and homemade gelato! This is the place to go!I discovered this little gem a few weeks ago and have been back a few times already. The gelato is amazing! The staff is very helpful and friendly as well :)Gorgeous interior, and gelato that rivals the best I've had in Florence and Rome. Best ice cream shop in the city.Nowhere outside of Italy have I found melon gelato, except here.  They made it on special request.  This is a must try and must return to, time and time again.  In a town with many great restaurants... this is only place for gelato.This place has been on my places to visit but for some reason I barely make it out to Freret street. I never realized how many amazing places are now here! We ended up having dinner and of course if you know me I have a very BIG sweet tooth. I took advantage of already being out here and we decided that we were going to get gelato! Yay! I was craving something fruity, not chocolate and had hopes on getting some strawberry gelato. Unfortunately the closest thing up on the board was lemon. I was kind of upset but was already there so I HAD to get something. I went with the lemon and the boyfriend went with the pistachio. All I have to say is I am soooo happy that I got the lemon! It was refreshing and it hit the spot. For a Nola summer night it was delightful. The pistachio I heard was amazing. It's not my kind of thing so when I tried it I wasn't impressed. Like I said ..it's just not my thing. Customer service was good,they weren't rude, they were friendly. I will say they were kind of busy and people just seem to be confused standing there looking at the board where the flavors and menu options are trying to figure out what flavor they would like to get so you don't know if someone is in line or just looking at the menu. They also have lattes from what I saw on the board. The mission was gelato so I honestly didn't pay attention to anything else , we will def be back for more gelato that's for sure!Ross & Ria, proprietors of this fantastic Nevo crepe & expresso cafe are so welcoming & clearly living their dream. It shows how truly happy they are to serve & give patrons a chic yet at home feeling while dining on their exquisite Italian gelato & made to order desserts. We vacationed within blocks of their cafe & found ourselves there 3 out of the 4 days we were in NOLA. Wishing them the best!  Mike & Debbie Williams.I think the owner is a perfectionist when it comes to gelato and coffee. We had a variety of flavors and they were amazing. I'm not saying this lightly. I've got a thing about gelato and I've had tons of it in Italy and let me tell you this was better than most there. It's worth the trip on a hot day to his location. He should relocate closer to the french quarter. We are from New England which is an ice cream mecca and NOLA seemed to have very little ice cream or gelato. I can't explain it, maybe because it gets too hot to hold it for long in the summer?There's nothing I can say about this place that hasn't already been said. Best frozen treats in Nola. Just go.Not only were the owners extremely nice and understanding with the dietary restrictions but the gelato was absolutely divine! The environment is also very quaint and comforting. I would definitely come back for seconds!!Oh wow is how I can describe the gelato. I have been to this cozy place many times because the gelato is so Delicious. The owners are so nice and friendly. This is our new place for a sweet craving.Wow just wow, this is the best gelato/ice cream place in New Orleans, better than Brocatos. The two owners who also run the counter were courteous and very knowledgeable about their fine product. The gelato itself was the best I have had since I have been in Europe. The lady, Rialto, said that everything is made with fresh, organic ingredients, and I could tell in the taste. I went in thinking $5 for gelato was a lot, but it is delicious, and they serve generous scoops. My girlfriend and I loved this place, and we will be back soon.Looks really nice decor-wise. Flavors weren't great. Nephew's gelato was sour...and sour pistachio wasn't his flavor.Amazing environment. I had lemon gelato.... unbelievable. The owners are very gracious and wonderful. I highly recommend this place. Oh yes, the espresso was very Italian....awesome. Please go there. I will again and again.Piccola Gelateria is as good if not better than the stuff in Italy. The owner goes to the market every day and let's the fruits in season inspire her gelato flavors for the day. The most amazing flavor I ever had was strawberry basil. Every bite is bursting with fresh flavor and you can taste every ingredient clearly. It truly is my favorite dessert place in the city. The owner is so welcoming and the shop feels very comfortable.We got the Gelato sandwich with cookie black and the Gelato espresso with chocolate once. And I can't stop going back. It's like crack for people who aren't on crack but wanna experience a crack like high.Everything here is on point. I'm Italian and this place easily has the best coffee, gelato, and crepes I've ever had. Come here, that's all I have to say.wow. they need bigger cups for the gelato. the flavor with cherries mixed in... you just gotta get it.Great new addition to Freret St! Good flatbread sandwiches for breakfast or lunch, coffee, and amazing gelato. Will be coming here regularly.I've had lots of Italian gelato and I thought this was so so. Texture was good but I didn't think the flavors were as good as in Italy. Just my opinion.This gelato and espresso are the best I've had outside of Italy!!! I cannot emphasize this enough!!!
Once you've been to Italy, traveled around and sampled lots of gelato and espresso it's really hard to be satisfied back in the states!  
We had the espresso, chocolate, and stracciatella, and all were amazing! The owners are lovely and the atmosphere is relaxed and inviting. 
Between this, and their gelato, make them a must visit when you're down in NOLA!Very good gelato! I'm looking forward to trying more stuff on the menu. The cookie black is like a really good Oreo flavor.Great selection of gelato. The line was almost out the door when we went but it was worth the wait. Clean establishment and friendly staff.This could quite possibly be the best gelato in America and I have tasted some of the best. Chef Ross Turnbull and his wife Ria have a shop unlike any I have ever experienced. Bespoke serving equipment has three distinct temperature zones for perfect serving. Ross is busy in the kitchen making gelato all day in small batches to the point where if you go at lunch time you can see different flavors by dinner time. Using only the highest quality ingredients, this is the best gelato money can buy, made by some of the most talented people I have had the pleasure to know. Wherever you are a local or tourist this is worthy a SPECIAL detour to feret st!This is my far the best gelato in the city. It's also the best gelato - and one of the best desserts - I've ever had. My partner says it's comparable to the gelato she's had in Rome, and I believe it! The service was also fantastic, with a kind, courteous woman at the counter to help us. 
They have a gorgeous Italian espresso machine, and we were told they roast their own beans, so I'll be back for that as well as the delicious gelato!Piccola Gelateria is legit! We lived in Napoli and enjoyed our share of gelato and coffee. This is the closest I have come to that experience since moving back to America. Beautifully decorated, the coffee is fantastic and authentic, and the food is absolutely delicious. It was wonderful to experience a little bit of bella Italia in the States.Best gelato in town. I can't manage to stay away. Authentic renditions of traditional flavors and some delightful creative ones, too.I've been served gelato. I know gelato. Gelato is a friend of mine. This place has great gelato.
I can remember the exact day I had gelato for the first time. I've eaten it across the U.S. and around Europe. Last year I took a trip to Italy and ate gelato twice a day. I almost always get pistachio, if the pistachio has a reasonable color (the greener it is, i.e., dyed, the worst it usually is - even if it is prettier in Day Glo than as the natural yellow brown of crushed pistachios). This place doesn't dye their pistachio, and it is packed with pistachio flavor. The only slight negative is that you can feel the texture of the crushed nuts, and while that doesn't particularly bother me, I know some people can't stand that texture in their ice cream. In all my days I have only ever had better pistachio gelato one time, made with crema di pistachio bronte (look it up, and get some, immediately). Not sure how they make theirs, but it was in the realm of the best I've had. They also have nocciola, another classic Italian flavor (hazelnut), and it was very good, too.
On the savory side they have piadina, which is an Italian flat bread. I haven't gotten to go for a meal yet, but I really looking forward to trying it. I loved eating piadina in Italy (cheap, delicious street food is my soul mate). Piadina is to Italy what a savory crepe is to France, or a breakfast taco is to a Texan. A flour tortilla is a more apt comparison, as the ingredients are identical, although the technique and flavor differs slightly. Suffice it to say that if you eat tortillas and if you like whatever they're putting in the piadina, then you'll probably like it.Cappuccino and piadina for breakfast - yum!  Can't wait to try the gelato - 18 flavors!Delicious delicious ice cream. Rich and tasty.
My youngest niece was disappointed that they didn't have any supersweet kiddie type flavors, although they have plenty to satisfy, she was being a brat. The teen niece had a strawberry and was very happy and I had the dark chocolate, which was almost like coffee. 
The space is light and airy and super clean. The owners are great and definitely evangelize the ice cream. Parking can be a challenge in the area thanks to all the new businesses but I often walk over.Top notch coffee and gelato! If you are in the area stop by, if you aren't make yourself be in the area. This is the real deal just like you would get in Italy!My group and I had several different flavors of gelato and all were wonderful! The owner is also very hospitable.Hands down the best gelato I've ever tasted! Not to mention the owners of this cozy shop are some of the nicest people you'll meet! My boyfriend and I rave about this place all the time and it's a must-do when we have friends from out of town come visit. So delicious!!Absolutely love this place! The owners are super friendly and inviting. Very home-y feel inside, with a comfy couch area, a few tables, and even an adorable little kid's table! There are also a few places to sit outside if you need fresh air. Went with a few friends to study and they kept checking in on us, making sure we were all good/comfortable. Ask for the WiFi password if you plan on staying to do work. 
The gelato is amazing! You can get 2 samples, and they have a huge variety of flavors like pistachio, watermelon, lime, tiramisu, amaretti, the list goes on and on. You unfortunately can only get one flavor for a small -- I wish I could pay a small fee or something to get the scoop split into two flavors. The portion is so generous I don't think I could finish two scoops! I got the pistachio, which was very nutty but not too sweet, just the way I like it.
I have also had an iced latte with a pump of vanilla, which is always a safe choice. Not a huge coffee person but this was good! The only tea options a variety of bagged teas.
Pro-tip: every day (except Mondays when they are closed) there is espresso happy hour ALL DAY and gelato happy hour from 3-5pm -- $3 even, CASH. 
They also sell crepes, salads, and coffee so you can definitely stop by for a full meal. The crepes smelled so good, can't wait to come back and try one out next time! Street parking only, but it is not too hard to find.I can't believe it's been a year since my review. I feel I have to do another review. Again, I give 5 stars for the absolute best gelato and best service. If you haven't tried gelato this is the only place in NOLA to go! Our service pup is always welcome.An upscale gelateria with delicious fluffy Italian gelato! 
Ambiance: Located in a nice upscale complex, the gelateria had clean, modern design and layout but also had a nice comfortable sofa section for a more casual feel. The little napkin dispensers had "I love gelato" on them, which I thought was a nice, cute touch. There was a huge bear outside to take greet customers and provide a cute photo op. 
Food: We ordered a gelato flight of 3 flavors (Cookie Caramel, Lemon Meringue, and Stracciatella) and a butter sugar crepe with Almond and Bacio. My favorite of all the flavors was Lemon Meringue. The gelato had  nice citrus smell and tart flavor that balanced out the sweetness very well. All of the gelato flavors, however, were delicious. I have never had gelato in Italy but I can say that I have never had gelato that tasted like those at Piccola. Every flavor had a fluffy, light, whipped cream texture and the flavors were all very subtle with a gentle taste and light fragrance. The butter sugar crepe was my favorite way of eating the gelato. The warmness of the crepe and the coldness of the gelato just melted beautifully together in my mouth. The crepe had just the right amount of salty sweetness that amplified the gelato flavors. 
Service: The cashier was nice. She allowed us to sample 6 flavors. It was hard to choose from so many different options. However, overall, the cashiers seemed busy and standoffish. They did not recommend us anything and we had to look at the menu ourselves for any specials. They were not as warm or as friendly as I have been accustomed to from a food serving business. Also, we were limited to about 8 samples so just make sure to keep any tasting to a minimum. 
Final Thoughts: Overall, a nicer, upscale location to get delicious, fluffy one-of-a-kind gelato. Service could be improved but overall ambiance and food were delicious and worth recommending!I had lunch here yesterday.  Just terrific.  The food quality is really high.  I had the turkey Piadina with basil pesto.  Absolutely delicious.  Crisp flaky, fresh and a good portion.  I was having fun so I stayed for the gelato.  I had a deep rich chocolate single serving in a cup.  Really great but then how could you go wrong.  This is not a fast food place so get ready to relax around the service.  I wasn't in a hurry.  The owner is friendly and so was the person who waited on me.  I would recommend this to anyone.Excellent gelato! Great lil space. You don't get as much quantity for the price compared to sucre and I think you cannot get two flavors and have to buy another cup if you want more than one flavor. For customer satisfaction this one is a must in my opinion. I will definitely be back just coz they do have really good gelato!Hands down the BEST GELATO I've ever had!!!! My family and I went here to celebrate Fathers Day early with my husband. Super glad we had a good amount of people because we got to sample each other's gelato. The Carmel Cookie was certainly my favorite followed extremely closely by the Pistachio. Both were extremely creamy and full of flavor. Good thing this isn't closer to my house... I'd have to resist going everyday!AWESOME gelato flavors. Probably the best I've ever had, and I've been every where (except!  We ordered a flight of flavors to try. The melon was amazing! Watermelon was second. Chocolate was super decadent. The one with the fig was pretty awesome too. If I came back, I'd order a flight for myself. Haha!
The flavors are spot on here. Super clean place.
The only reason I would deduct a star (but I didn't because it's totally not worth it) would be for the service. My friends & I all agree that when we first came in, there was a lady (short brown hair) that gave off a pretty stiff vibe. Another lady ended up coming to help & she was a lot friendlier. 
However, fortunately, I am just reviewing the flavors! Definitely recommend.Wow - can't recommend this place enough!  Best gelato I've ever had.  The Lady who runs the place was very friendly and helpful.
I came here with my Momma and Daughter, and both loved it as well.  My personal recommendation is the caramelized fig (delicious!)The gelato & sorbetto quality at Piccola are among the best you will find in the United States. The product is made from scratch using the highest quality products from Italy. You'll understand this to be true from your first delicious bite. The shop is kept pristinely clean. The staff is welcoming & knowledgeable about their product. Kudos to Chef Ross for his superior gelato making skills. The piadinas & crepes are equally as outstanding. Prices are quite reasonable. New Orleans locals & visitors - don't miss going to this shop!! The best is right there at 4525 Freret Street. I'm among the many now having mine shipped to Boston!Stopped in on a whim.  What a lovely little place. My husband had the pecan which was amazing. I had the watermelon which was cool and refreshing and dairy free ! The smalls are BIG but we managed to finish them . We also had a small cup of coffee which was very very good also. There are some comfy chairs , a nice little porch a few tables and it is very zen inside.  I would like to work my way thru all the flavors.Definitely the best gelato in town and my favorite new coffee place. You have to try pistachio and hazelnuts and than, if you are looking for an extra kick, add a home made baklava .....out of this world! Overall, wonderful ambiance and service and great addition to the Freret street restaurant scene.A friend was visiting and brought me back the grapefruit sorbeto. Wow it was amazing!  Like fresh grapefruit. The best I have had. And jow I know they deliver!  Only question is what flavor is next?   
Thank you for an amazingly delicious treat.This place was great! The staff was super friendly and attentive, the gelato was really yummy (I recommend the Toffee flavored one if you like a little crunch). Overall pleasant experience, will be back soon.Awesome gelato and crepes. The lady behind the counter was very friendly. When we inquired about the gelato she explained it's all small batch house made fresh. No artificial color, flavors or preservatives. It's a small family owned shop. The flavors are definitely Italian and it's the best gelato we have had in the States. The price is comparable to every other shop in town and the quality is way above everyone else. The bronte pistachio is awesome. No bright green artificial color here.WONDERFUL!!!  We tried four flavors and all were a hit!  We had recently tried another gelateria in town but this is hands down more authentic!  Plan to go back when we visit New Orleans again to try their crepes!  Machines they had remind us of ones on the streets of Porto Venere.Stepping into this place is like stepping in an enclave - where the news cycles, the noise of the world and everything else just stops. It's calming. The gelato is absolutely fantastic and the owner (I met the wife; the wife and the husband team own it) is equally fantastic - sweet and gracious, and her passion for what she does shows. The Caramel Cookie is without a doubt one of the best gelato flavors I have ever had. I can't wait to return. You should do the same.I had the pleasures of working on a film for a friend this morning and the location was at Piccola Gelateria. Oh my oh my, my first bite of my pistachio gelato brought me back to Italy. Such great memories. I am so glad I found this place. The coolest thing is that they also make gelato cakes! So going to get one for my next birthday party. They also serves crepe and piadina which I will have to give it a try next time. The owner is so friendly and love her accent. The place is clean and well lit with comfortable couch. Restroom is just one stale and is kept very clean also.The gelato here was absolutely spectacular.  The best I've ever had --- including during trips to Italy.
I ordered the pistachio and the caramelized fig, and you could taste the little pulverized bits of pistachio and pieces of fig.
This is the real deal.  Well worth the trip.The gelato & sorbetto quality at Piccola are among the best you will find in the United States. The product is made from scratch using the highest quality products from Italy. You'll understand this to be true from your first delicious bite. The shop is kept pristinely clean. The staff is welcoming & knowledgeable about their product. Kudos to Chef Ross for his superior gelato making skills. The piadinas & crepes are equally as outstanding. Prices are quite reasonable. New Orleans locals & visitors - don't miss going to this shop!! The best is right there at 4525 Freret Street. I'm among the many now having mine shipped to Boston!The owner is really nice, helps you to dicover the food options and has a great knowledge of the ingredients and the secrets of the food. I can guarantee you that the level of the savory ingredients are premium quality (I liked the prosciutto and mozzarella/burrata) as well as the gelato. I tried the gelato too and the nuts are the main ingredient: awesome flavour, well balanced and smooth while not being too sugary and heavy. It is first grade Italian gelato and they also have Amarena! You must try this place and you will see that I am super right!Well, dang. This gelato is absolutely delicious. They've got a pretty wide variety of flavors (fruity to chocolatey and everything in between). A small (one scoop) = $4.50. They do have a happy hr from 2-5 (cash only I think) where a small will be $3.50A must for anyone who has taste buds!! Incredibly clean and comfy space but I waste time on the fluff because the real star is the gelato and the beautiful owner who makes it! It's the real deal and I have travelled all over Italy to taste gelato(I live in NY metro area; this is the most authentic stateside). Pistachio not to be missed- it's the color it's supposed to be. Stracciatella made with the finest dark chocolate and pieces are snappy and rich. Lemon brought me back to Portofino, the fist place I ever tried gelato. Realistic price point for what you get and I am telling you, you are getting passion in a cup/cone/crepe. Can't wait to go back and try the hot chocolate I watched the owner make. 
Love Love Love!!!I love this quaint little place as the tastes of the ice cream was exquisite! I had the pistachio flavor and also the strawberry and each was very mouth-watering luxury in my mouth! I highly recommend this place on a hot, summer day down Freret street! Definitely a fine class of ice cream that I would imagine to taste like in Italy.Wow!!! This gelato is sooo damn good. I got the dark chocolate gelato and it was better than any I've had in New Orleans. My husband got the salted toffee and said it was light, airy, and creamy with a fragrant flavor. I met the owner Ria, she was very accommodating and passionate about her business. We will definitely be back when we want gelato because this place is the best in this city!!This is probably one of the best gelato places I have been to outside of Rome. The owner/server was very friendly and personable. I was torn between the banana or pistachio gelato. The owner said the pistachio was the best ever, SHE WAS RIGHT! man did that pistachio taste great. I also had an americano which paired well with the gelato.
My wife ordered the crepes and it was spot on, goodness. What really helps her is that the business is very kid friendly. Which is great when you have a 2 year old and a 4 year old in your party.
Overall we had a great time. If you have been hearing rumors that this is the best gelato place in the city, I can tell you it's not a rumor, it's true!Amazing gelato, fresh ingredients, and great owners!!!! You won't be sorry!!! Highly recommend the pistachio gelato.Great spot with great customer service. Highly recommend the dairy free chocolate. 
Not sure why yelp has character count on a review blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blahCame here multiple times and loved it every single time! Their gelato is made in house and tastes exactly like how they're named. I don't eat many sweets, but I have a soft spot for ice cream and gelato. The owners are super nice and treat everyone with kindness and respect. If anyone has any questions, they kindly answer everything and you can tell that they are passionate with their work! They also greet and say farewell to everybody like they're their own family friends! 
They have certain gelato flavors that are always available, but have a bunch of different flavors that go through rotation. Every time I came, there has always been a flavor that I haven't tasted before. The owners will never hesitate to let you try their gelato before you pick a flavor. If you can't seem to choose just one flavor, then you can get a flight of three flavors to enjoy! My favorite flavors of gelato here so far are Pistachio, Nutella, and Stracciatella! If you're not feeling a cup or cone of gelato, there are many other options to enjoy like an Affogato, Frappe, Profiterole, or Gelato Brioche Sandwich. Just ask for it and they'll take care of you in a heartbeat! My absolute favorite thing to get here is the Affogato with Stracciatella gelato. The combination of the espresso and gelato together was absolutely perfect! 
They don't just have gelato, they also sell piadinas and crepes if you're not feeling dessert. I had the prosciutto crepe, and it was totally mind blowing! Never thought I would see prosciutto in a crepe, but everything went well together! 
Overall, this place is by far my favorite dessert place in the town! It is a very chill spot to enjoy some delicious gelato, and the owners are the nicest people ever! Come check out this awesome gelateria!!!Delicious gelato, not too sweet. I tried two flavors, the sea salt almond and the halua. Both were amazing and high-quality. Both owners were working when I was there, and they were so friendly. One of them even filled up my ice water for me (that I had brought in from another restaurant I had eaten at for lunch). The atmosphere was also very warm and inviting in spite of being in a new development. I can't wait to go back to try their crepes.This is the best place in town. Since Ive discovered piccola gelateria, no other place satisfies my sweets cravings. The ingredients are all natural and the taste of every flavor ive had is unforgettable. I am especially impressed with their nut flavors, hazelnut being my favorite. I live in Metairie, but make my way to freret at least every 2 weeks to stock up on my family's favorites. The quality of their gelato is unmatched anywhere in town. I have never ever been disappointed when Ive left for a visit. The owners are amazingly kind and take great care and love in their amazing product.Wow. This place is awesome. The gelato is the best I've had in the city. The affogato is my favorite, especially with the stracciatella gelato. This place has become a favorite spot for grabbing an after-dinner treat.I have tried to come here 3 times, and each time there have been lights on and people inside but the door was locked, and the people just stared at me with stupid faces as I knocked on the door. They have NO open sign or hours of operation listed anywhere on their store. Completely incompetent.Best gelato I've had this side of the Atlantic. The Cookie black ("like Italian Oreo but better"), bacio (like a Ferrero Roche candy), the amaretti cookie, & the caramelized fig are my top 4 favorites. 
Bacio & amaretti cookie are great for affogato (shot of espresso over a scoop of gelato) or by themselves.My love for gelato runs so so deep and this place is as legit as it gets. The owners are there EVERY time I walk through the door, which makes me smile. New Orleans is a hub for locally owned and operated eateries and this spot for divine gelato is right up there with the best of 'em. I was faithfully a La Divina enthusiast -- was downright devastated when the quarter location closed -- but this place has stolen my heart...and my taste-buds! If you're lucky, you could score the coveted Sesame Noir which they make for a local fancy schmance restaurant. I somehow have managed to score two or three of these pints, and my husband and I have never craved a flavor more. Everything there is worth trying and you MUST say hello to the owners when you stop by, they are amazing conversationalists and will give you all kinds of encouragement when it comes to choosing a flavor to indulge in.
Enjoy the Freret vibe and stop by this gem.I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! This is my go to gelateria. The owner is so sweet and I have not meet a flavor I didn't like. My top 3 are Mr. Cookie, Rum Raisin, and stracciatella. They have a cute patio if you prefer to enjoy your gelato outdoors.We live just down the street from sucre, so when it closed my wife suggested that we give piccola a try. With unique flavors we found our new gelato store, i don't mind what use to be a walk is now a short drive.I love this place! The gelato is so fresh. It doesn't taste extremely sweet like other places. I was told by local that the owner uses 100% natural ingredients for the flavor. I tried the flight which lets you choose 3 flavors at the same time in their cute little cup. Customer Service is super friendly. 10/10 will recommend.the best gelato in new orleans. the best gelato in the usa. the best gelato on this side of the atlantic. 
(the crepes are delicious as well.)
the service is outstanding. the owners(?)/workers always strike up conversation and take the time to make their customers smile. great place to sit in a comfy chair, have a coffee, have some gelato, chat with a friend. 
i've tried a lot of their flavors, but my favorites are by far the nutty ones - pistachio, salted almond, etc. if you have a nut allergy, i would recommend the stracciatella. 
the small is usually more than enough for me! the portion sizes are HUGE. 
bonus: they offer a punch card rewards system!The Gelato was delicious. The inclusiveness was absent.  A television show will be filmed at the establishment on tomorrow.  Only Caucasian or racially ambiguous patrons are invited by the owners loud enough for POC to hear the invitation.   DO BETTER!
I have received the attached screenshot message from the owner. 
The excuses  are sad AND to boot there were at least 5 groups of patrons that were advised of the filming  that were not definitively POC. Threaten if you'd like ma'am. I am seriously annoyed by your privileged view of your business and the fact that you were being exclusionary. Have a good evening!Cute little gelato place that  is full of smells and the gelato tastes amazing.  The service is friendly and they let you taste test the gelato before buying it.  Prices are cheap too but the flavor is full!  5 stars!The Gelato is made with water imported from Italy. Does it get better and more authentic than that. 
This gelato is like you are in Rome; yes I know for a fact. It is so so tasty. 
The husband and wife Team greeted us as we chowed down on our crepe with gelato. 
And we had coffee. Very good. 
The place is cozy and inviting as you chill and enjoy the treats. 
Enjoy.This was my first visit and they did not disappoint!  Went with four other friends and all the way home everyone kept talking about how delicious it was and what flavor they wanted to have next. Another great find in my hood!The gelato was fine, but I had a negative interaction with the woman working the counter. I made a comment while getting a sample taste about how I had never seen peach ice cream/gelato a red color before (I thought it was pretty and unique and was just trying to make conversation). I think she thought I was telling her that she gave me the wrong flavor to sample because she then proceeded to bad-mouth me loudly to another customer, while I was STILL IN THE SHOP. Left feeling hurt and disrespected.I came here with a friend for the crepes and we were not disappointed. They had a lot of gelato flavors too. We went up to the counter and the clerks asked what we wanted. We told them dessert crepes and from there they had lots of suggestions. We ended up choosing Nutella crepes with gelato on top. They were fantastic and the crepes were made to order. It was a tad on the pricey side, but they were fresh, delicious, and large. Unless you want a large dessert, I would recommend splitting one crepe with a friend. They also had savory crepes and lots of other desserts. I'll be coming back!My go to Gelateria! Come here for authenticity, and sample every flavor. Consistently welcoming and friendly service. Comfortable and relaxing atmosphere with friends and family.I LOVE PICCOLA!!!! The women who work there are absolutely adorable and the gelato is amazing. Super friendly, great service, fantastic gelato. 10/10The most Wonderful Gelato this side of Italy ! You will love it! Close your eye's your in Rome!Enjoy!
They are so Sweet#I loved it! We got the Gelato Delight in Peanut, Chocolate, and Strawberry. My friends got Pistachio, Hazelnut, and Coconut. Look at the cute presentation!Loved this spot.  We did an Italy trip this past summer.  I was on the hunt for true gelato.  So many different opinions on good gelato, true gelato.  Sadly, I cannot remember what makes gelato gelato and not ice cream.  In the end, I don't care.  I just like what I like, and I loved my dark chocolate from Piccola Gelateria.  I also loved Shari V's pistachio gelato.  The pistachio had the DOP designation.  You can look it up.  It's short for "Really fresh awesome" or "Delicious Italian food stuff". Something along those lines.  The flavors were deep and rich.  I am not a pistachio guy.  I always go chocolate.  Always. Piccola's pistachio had me doubting my core chocolate belief system.  It was unnerving but delicious.  Just writing about it, I want a scoop of pistachio.  
Our barista was super friendly and patient.  I had lots of questions about the gelato and this "DOP" thing.   She politely answered all my questions then served us up and checked us out.  No muss, no fuss.  
Aside from killer gelato and friendly service, the place is quaint and cozy.  We opted to sit inside and eat our gelato.  Here's my suggestion, go soon before lines are out the door and down Freret.  I will definitely repeat...probably tonight.This is an amazing place. I've been to Venice and the gelato is as well-crafted as the gelato in Italy. It's authentic and the owner is lovely. It's a good spot to sit and work, especially for Tulane and Loyola students in the area. I love the hazelnut flavor. They also have savory food in case you're wanting both dessert and lunch while parked there to work. I highly recommend checking it out!Unbelievable. So good, so fresh. Might take a while to receive your order, but it is WORTH it! We enjoyed several different gelato flavors and it was great to see non-dairy and gluten free options as well. The Cookies Black flavor is divine together with the crepe and homemade whipped cream. We also thought the Banana Nutella flavor was heavenly!Best affogato I've ever had! I had it with the chocolate gelato and it was absolutely divine  the owner was very sweet as well, can't wait to visit again!This is my favorite ice cream/gelato shop in town. Great folks who run the shop. I can't wait to try their semifreddo.Great little gelato shop! Family run. Locally made.  
Great flavors and convenient hours.  Super friendly staff.Amazing. Salted almond and amarena cherry are my go-to flavors, but you really can't go wrong. This is the best "ice cream" in NOLA. Sucr is great, but it's got nothing on Piccola.Discovered this spot as a Hot and New place on Freret. Can't agree more with the good reviews. Cozy but roomy Gelato shop in one of the coolest locations in New Orleans. They have a large gelato menu and the half strawberry half coffee flavor I had was great! They also have food, coffee, and looks like crepes coming soon. 
The staff member there was friendly and attentive and let us try a variety of flavors. She also gave us complementary water.
There are about 5 tables, a couch, a kids table, and outdoor seating. It's super clean and new. 
What's not to love about a solid gelato place? I'd love to see what they do as they become more popular. I hope crepes are added to the menu and I could see this quickly becoming a Sucre-competitor.After an extended-family dinner outing in the area, we were walking around to help the food settle when we found this gem. I married into an Italian family; their return visits to Italy including stories of blown glass, architecture, and food that simply cannot be found in the states... until we found this traditional gelateria. At least we can find traditional gelato and espresso now! 
Not only are the methods traditional, but more importantly the flavor profiles are traditional as well. That's something I am so very grateful for as tasty, traditional offerings, such as pistachio, make me a return customer. Offerings include espresso, gelato, and other unique menu items you cannot find in "ice cream" shops (though I like ice cream shops even some of the "gelato" shops in this city are simply fancy American ice cream-type locations; this is not one of those places).  
With a wide range of hours is a bonus along with off-street parking that isn't too difficult depending on the time of the day, this is a great place to visit on a whim, with friends, or with kids.Absolutely delicious! Stopped by to use their bag no service while we were waiting for a flight and had the fig and goat cheese gelato. Omg. Amazing.Excellent gelato! Great lil space. You don't get as much quantity for the price compared to sucre and I think you cannot get two flavors in a small and have to buy another cup if you want more than one flavor. Also they do not allow more than 3 tastings. I think customer service is undervalued in most small businesses... it's just artibtrary restrictions, like in this case on tastes and flavors etc  to customers doesnt fair well with customers in my opinion. Sucre offers all the tastings you want and mix and match flavors and small have good amount of ice cream in it. Its just more customer friendly thus very popular and always busy. I have never seen picolla as busy. Just my feedback. 
 The lady is really nice and friendly . I do wish them the best tho , I will definitely be back just coz they do have really good gelato!Great customer service and great food make Piccola Gelateria a great choice for coffee, lunch, dinner, AND dessert!
That's right, they have absolutely delicious gelato flavors and so much more! If you're looking for something different you can choose from 4 types of savory CREPES as well as a few sweet ones!
Looking for coffee or a latte? Piccola has you covered. 
Looking to COMBINE espresso AND gelato? Yeah, that's a beautiful thing called AFFOGATO, and with so many flavors to choose from, you could never get bored of choosing flavors to pair with a wonderful cup of espresso! I'm looking forward to trying the amarena cherry affogato!
I love the savory crepes here and they're always a great little meal if you want something great but not a full meal. Of course, for some it might just be the perfect lunch or dinner!
I'm more of a savory guy and not huge on sweets, but Piccola Gelateria has made me a fan and customer!Excellent gelato! The customer service can't be beat either.This is not an all vegan establishment. There are a few vegan options and they are referred to as sorbetto.  I got a latte with soy milk, coconut, chocolate, mango, and strawberry.
Latte - Espresso poured over milk. No sweetener. I got it like that to accompany my coconut & chocolate scoops.
Coconut - It's rich, but not creamy where you get tired after a few spoons. Definitely has that coconuty taste with the texture of the flakes in it. It's not overly sweet.
Chocolate - This is very rich and it is on the more bitter side. I absolutely adore this flavor. If you're a dark chocolate fan then you should definitely try this.
Mango - It has the right authentic mango flavor. Not icy like sorbet and not creamy like ice cream. Very refreshing on a hot New Orleans afternoon.
Strawberry - This is the lightest and "iciest" of all 4. Not that any of them is icy by any means. It isn't as strongly flavored as the others. Also a good choice for a hot day.
I highly recommend giving this place a try if you're looking for gelato to satisfy vegans and non-vegans alike.Great flavors such as banana salted caramel and excellent customer service.  Make sure to try the Affogate and the savory crepes!  I'm so happy we have Piccola in the Freret neighborhood!I live very close to the Freret Street corridor, so I'm ashamed of how seldom I frequent these new places.  I popped in here for dessert after some amazing tacos at Sarita's and it is adorable.  They have some outdoor seating and giant-teddy bear decorations that I'm sure the kids go nuts for.  The inside is clean and gleaming, and we were welcomed by someone that surely must have been the owner.  I let her know that it was our first time in and she took the time to explain their special flavors (rotate and fresh made DAILY!) and make some recommendations.  You can get scoops of gelato to eat in, but they also have some packed in containers in a cooler ready to go next to the register!  I ordered a small Stracciatella (very good), and my friend got a coffee based one that was out of this world delicious.  I also ordered a shot of espresso that I wasn't necessarily a fan of, but I have weird coffee tastes so I'm not going to hold that against anyone.  I will definitely be back and look forward to trying all the flavors...especially the honey!This spot did not disappoint. The gelato was delicious! I would definitely return when in New Orleans.As a def proclaimed gelato snob, I can tell you Piccola is by far the best gelato I've ever had, including some of the most highly respected places in the US. For all you chocoholics, the chocolate gelato is intense and rich (I'd put I against any chocolate dessert in the city). Rhia and Ross genuinely care about every guest and their joy of sharing their product and space never gets old. You all MUST go!Nothing else I can say besides this place was WELL worth the hype. My friend and I both thought the turkey crepe and chocolate Brownie Gelato were to die for. I would absolutely hands down without a doubt go back. The owner was also very kind to us so I feel extra good about recommending a visit.I love sampling ice cream at the different venues across the city and I make a point of trying out each new place. This gelato cafe takes the cake (or gelato, as it were) and beats out all my old favorite places. The atmosphere is warm and inviting with Ria and her husband as outstanding hosts who truly make you feel like family with warm words of welcome and an inexhaustible enthusiasm about their hand-crafted gelato. Their pride in their product is tangible. If that doesn't entice you, the gelato definitely will - small batch, smooth as silk, with creative and classic flavors to please any palate. As a self-identified coffee snob, I must also recommend the espresso drinks, which won't disappoint. In sum, you would do yourself a disservice by not heading over here immediately! You won't regret it.BEST GELATO EVER! I literally have to stop here every time l'm in NOLA. It's my main priority! I'm pretty picky so I've only tried the basic flavors lol. But the gelato is super creamy, not icy at all, and the service is PHENOMENAL! I love this place and know you will too!BEST. GELATO. EVER. Seriously, this gelato was better than the many gelatos I've tried in Italy. Their gelatos are creamy and the flavors are so true to taste. Literally the gelatos here are better than the actual food/drink that they are flavored after. I recommend the espresso latte and Thai tea flavors. I got them as a double scoop but I feel like the espresso latte outshined the Thai tea because it was so strong. They were both exceptionally good. My husband got Cookie Jar and Stracciatella both of which where good, but he liked the latter more. There is some seating outdoors. No indoor dining during Covid. Pay this place a visit! You will not be disappointed! Sooooo yummy!I don't even know where to start with my review. Do I start with the delicious gelato or the sumptuous crepe? Both were to die for! The crepe was made fresh for me and I sat in one of their comfy chairs and waited. The crepe was perfectly done with fresh ingredients - I had the mozzarella and tomato crepe. There were other ingredients but I can't remember what exactly (just not meat). The gelato is wonderful. I've been twice and each time there was a different selection for me to choose from. My favorite is the pistachio. The owner's wife is just lovely. I can't say enough good things about this place. Try it! You won't be disappointed.We got a gelato cake for our friend's birthday, and it was, hands down, one of the most delicious desserts I've ever eaten. It was essentially a sundae in the shape of a cake.
We're talking British Bakeoff-level perfection. (Look at the sheen on that chocolate!)This new little gelato shop is so incredibly cute on Freret Street. My fiance and I went in after dinner for dessert. Though the space is in a new development they've made it feel comfy with couches and air plants. Their menu is on chalkboards that are simple and easy to read with a variety of gelato flavors just begging to be scooped! 
We went with two flavors in the medium size. TBH, I am not a big cold dessert person, so I could've done the small with two flavors easy. I got Nutella and the Sea Salt Almond. I thought the Nutella was good, but I liked the Sea Salt Almond even more because it was unique to anything I've tasted before. Not too salty and still sweet. I also ordered a mocha, which was pretty large for what I thought I might get at a quaint little Italian Gelateria (some places you get a itty bitty cup), and while most espresso drinks I can go to sleep after drinking within the hour, this one definitely kept me up so I'll have to go back for a work meeting!
They have more things on the menu like crepes and breakfast sandwiches that I definitely want to go back for as well as other gelato flavors that I would love to enjoy in a cone!  I think the owners were working when I visited and were very kind. It was funny. A gal came in saying she wanted to try "all the ice cream flavors", and the owner said kindly, "well we don't serve ice cream." I lol'ed to myself. Gelato, from what I've heard, is way more labor intensive, so get it right, y'all! ;) 
Love that this neighborhood is getting so many wonderful businesses. Don't forget to snap a photo with the bear outside!I visited this place and ordered a poboy gelato. The whole thing was around $7-$8, very small portion and nothing too spectacular. It was average. For that price and portion, it will be my first and last time ordering that. I came home and found out I lost something that night and was wondering if maybe I lost it there. I called the following day asking about it. To my surprise, I was given a very quick and extremely rude NO! The guy on the phone sounded very agitated with me. Agitated for asking a simple question? They didnt even offer to go look for it or place me on hold to ask if the other employees have found it. And guess what? They hang up on me. I've tried to call back and no one answered afterwards.Passion fruit was great! Dairy and non dairy options. Great service and super clean comfy seatingI came here on a hot summer day oddly wanting their hot chocolate. I had seen pictures of it on Yelp and it just looked so good. Funny enough, I was not the only one to order the hot chocolate! There was a group of Europeans that were there and ordered three! 
So, when I pulled up in the car, it is located in sort of a strip mall. There is free parking, so keep that fun fact in mind! There are stairs that lead up to a covered porch with a bench outside of the dessert shop. On the bench sits an oversized bear that is a fun photo opportunity for kids and adults. I walked in and was welcomed immediately by a lady with an accent. I assume she was the owner because she asked if it was my first time there and gave me a little history about the place and the different gelatos. I really enjoyed learning the story and ordered my hot chocolate. 
Inside there are wooden floors with couches and armchairs for lounging. It is almost like a wine bar meets an ice cream parlor. I really loved the fact that there were the couches and encouraged me to stay longer. A man, who also had an accent, brought me my hot chocolate and what a beautiful presentation it was - just like the pictures. I tasted it and it was not super hot, I am guessing that was purposeful since it was 96 degrees outside. Also, it is not super sweet, it is more on the bitter tasting side but I enjoyed it. They even had whipped cream on top.
Overall, I had a fabulous experience here and will be back.I have nothing but amazing raves for this new addition to NOLA! They serve gelatos, both sweet and savory crepes, and coffee. The area is a roomy and great for groups to meet up and hang out. Parking is another story...like anywhere in NOLA, it is hard to find parking.
They have 10+ different flavors of gelatos and sorbets that make in house. On my first visit, I had their summer refreshing pineapple and mint sorbet, along side their blood orange sorbet. The amazing girl behind the counter was so kindly to let me try a few flavors since it was my frost time having gelato. If you want  love the famous Ferrero Rocher chocolate.... definitely try the Bachio (hazelnut)!!! My second trip (literally the next day), I got their chocolate chip gelato and another cup with strawberry sorbet. Omgggg. It hit the spot! 
We also tried their prosciutto and guyre crepe. Omg.....if I could give more stars, I would!  The presentation was nice. The crepe was warm and crispy.Best gelato in New Orleans. The people who work there are wonderful along with their cute shop! I will definitely frequent this place when I feel that sweet tooth coming on.THE BEST GELATO I HAVE EVER TASTED. I honestly cannot rave enough about this place. Every time I have it, it blows my socks off. The owners are the best and some of the nicest people I have ever met. I have gotten to know Ria over the past few years. I was one of the first people to get a gelato cake from them. It was beautiful and SO GOOD. 
One of my favorite flavors is 70% dark chocolate. They have a dark chocolate gelato (made with milk) and sorbetto (made with water), but you really can't taste the difference. To be honest, you cannot go wrong with any flavor. They'll all make your taste buds tingle and throw you into a happy dance.
Another thing to note is the impeccable kitchen and custom-made display freezer.You had me at rose petal. There's so many varieties to please the most sophisticated palate to the I-only-eat-soft-serve. Service is sweet and patient. I would imagine the lines are long on these hot New Orleans summer nights...Absolute perfection! The gelatos were incredibly flavorful with just the smoothest texture, the crepe was delightful, and the coffee was delicious and served at the perfect temperature.Do not sleep on this gelato place. They are the real deal. Hailing from Italy the owners are making the best gelato in town and the best I have ever tasted. They make their own base instead of purchasing it (which is actually not that common) so the quality begins there. Then for the flavors they use nothing artificial and use actual product to create a unique flavor. I can never decide what flavor to get so I ultimately get the gelato flight which is 3 sample size flavors. I say sample size, but really its a good size scoop of each flavor. Secondly, the people are warm and inviting. I feel like I am at my moms house. It is located in a convenient part of Freret near a lot of restaurants so if you are eating on Freret Street and NOT getting gelato for dessert you are doing it wrong. Seriously...get on this!Best gelato I've ever had. Very fresh and natural ingredients. Nicest owners! Amazing crepes as well! Highly recommend the turkey one, it's my favorite :)the hot chocolate made with gelato is to die for and perfect for this time of year. They also have great coffee drinks!This place is a hidden gem, I highly recommend it. The gelato is fabulous and very tasty, lots of choices of flavors and everything was great. We had pistachio and the flavor is so rich and the texture is so smooth, we also had coconut which was also great. We chatted with the owner and was told she was in the culinary industry for many years, they knew how to make gelato right. We learnt about this place from an ad in Lowes hotel in downtown, and drove all the way here, and I would say it was definitely worth the trip.The best and the sweetest! I mean literally 
I've been there for numerous times, and they are always consistent. I've also ordered my birthday cake there, and they are the best birthday I've ever had!!!!
And the lady was so sweet every time we went, and she gave me the sweetest birthday wishes
PS: eat the ice cream right away in the summer, it will melt once you step outI was in the area picking up some pies when I decided I might as well stop in. They had been on my list, so why not? Well, I wish I had gone at a time when I didn't already have dinner planned because they also have coffee, crepes, flatbreads, and croissants. Next time.
I did get some gelato though. I picked what seemed like the two most unusual flavors: banana salted caramel and carmelized fig. The flavors were legit - strong banana and fig presence - and the fig gelato even had bits of skin, a testament to its craft nature. Of the two, the banana was my favorite, and it wade me wonder why banana gelato/ice cream isn't more common. My two scoops were $6 though, so even if I lived closer it's probably not something I'd get regularly.
 There were a couple of skinny 4-seater tables and two 2-seater tables outside. The restaurant feels clean and nice, and overall it's a good stop for a treat.The best gelato I've ever had!  Carpe Diem in Lafayette, Louisiana is the 2nd best and that gelato doesn't really come close to Piccola.  As a snowball enthusiast, this is the first time in my nearly 5 decades on earth that you would hear me say that perhaps there is a cold, flavored summer treat that comes close to a well made snowball.  Although I know I'm comparing apples and oranges, I think I'll be alternating between the two from now on.Love this place!!! I come here whenever i can. Best gelato in the city. I take all my friends, dates, and out of town relative here 
Parking is ok. They do not have a parking lot. However just park on the street and you will be fine. Also they usually have lots of parking cardiz st. Also be careful they do have a speed trap along Freret.
When you walk up to the place, you will be greeted by a giant bear! It is a cute little shop. Chill atmosphere. Great place to get dessert. They do have savory crapes but i never had one. Their coffee menu is also pretty good. Got a latte there before. It wasn't bad. 
I would highly recommend their affogato if you are looking for a pick me up. Pick any gelato and a shot of espresso. The shot is so strong and bitter i love it with the gelato.
You can't go wrong with gelato here. All favors are unique and amazing! They make everything in house and you can tell by the freshness. My favorite favor is the fig. 
If you want a taste of heaven, i would recommend the gelato poboy! 3 favors of gelato plus two bun and chocolate and Nutella all over.
The staffs and owners are super friendly and awesome! No matter how long the line or how late you are ( sorry for the coming in last minute ) they will take care of you and make you feel like family .This is our favorite gelateria. Our kids love going and the owner is always so welcoming. The flavors are unique and of all choices, our son loves their sugar free chocolate.Best gelato anywhere I've had!! Cookies black is my personal favorite! I come here weekly if not more and can not recommend it enough. You're doing yourself a disservice if you don't try it! The owners are so sweet and genuine too and they're the only ones ever workingI should have known about this place years ago... so pleased with the service and the Gelato, OhMyWord!!  My hot date loved it too!!Y'all, I'm freaking out. I'm usually an ice cream girl, but Piccola Gelateria has changed the game for me. This may sound ridiculous, but twice has this place almost made me cry because of how unreal the flavors taste. First was during King Cake season when they had their Randazzo's king cake flavor. It was so authentic, fresh, and true to the original flavor of Randazzo's to the point where it blew my mind. Easily the best non-King cake King cake food out there. The second time was when I tried their Cookies Black, which is essentially a way better version of Cookies and Cream. I get it every time I go, without fail (if they have it, of course). Another standout for me is the Salted Peanut. 
While it is a bit more expensive than ice cream, it is so worth it. They give you huge portions, and it's way more filling. Also, the owners are so incredibly sweet, which makes it impossible to not have a positive experience when you come here. It's also located walking distance from Tulane and Loyola, so it's perfect for students. Make sure when you go that you get a punch card!Best cakes, best affogatos, best gelato in New Orleans! This place is amazing, the customer service is like no other! You feel so welcome once you walk through the door. If I could give this business 10 stars I would because 5 is just not enough for this business!Stopped by after a bunch of people recommended it to me. I got bacio (chocolate and hazelnut-like Nutella)and stracciatella (the Italian version of chocolate chip ice cream except better).
I'll be honest, I was nervous to write this review because I feel like I'm an outcast here, but I wasn't blown away by this gelato. It was good, don't get me wrong, but it was by no means the best I've had. I've seen other reviewers say it tastes just like gelato they've had in Italy. I've had gelato in Italy plenty of times, and it tasted nothing like it to me. The chocolate in the stracciatella wasn't as fine and flaked as most other stracciatella gelatos are. It was like clumps of chocolate. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. The bacio tasted bland to me. The consistency was good, but the flavor was eh. I also didn't taste much hazelnut-it just tasted like chocolate. I think amorino in nyc is way more comparable to gelato in Italy than this gelato is.
I wasn't blown away by the service either. The woman at the front seemed to be getting frustrated with me because I couldn't figure out which flavor I wanted. I didn't even ask to try a sample or anything, and no one was behind us in line, so I'm not sure why she was annoyed. I felt rushed. All in all, decent gelato but nothing to write home about. I'm glad I tried this place given the hype, but it wasn't for me.This is by far the best Gelato I've ever had. The owners are lovely and customer service is great. My favorite is their pistachio and also almond. 
My daughter swears by cookies black. Everything we've had has been delicious.
Nice atmosphere and Kid friendly.
I refuse to get ice cream or Gelato from any other place, picallo is just that good. Don't waste your time with other ice cream or Gelato shops, just go straight to picallo and get the best!Best.gelato. period. They are SO good! Its perfect for Nola steamy summers.  I love how you always go and flavours are always so different and surprising. Their staff makes you feel as if you were part of their family. I hope they stay open forever!!!My second time trying Gelato and the chocolate was so rich and creamy! The owner was really nice. Great after school spot for me and my son.I've bought my brother a birthday cake every December for the last few decades, ever since my mom gave up on it.  Every year he has a critique: too dry, too sweet, not enough chocolate, not the best, etc, etc.  (ok, he can be a bit of a PITA).  
Well, this year I saw gelato cakes on the menu board at Piccola, and since everything I've had there is wonderful, I figured why not.  Ross, one of the owners, took my order, and helped me understand the cake sizes and choose the flavors.  
I picked up the cake a few days later.  Ria, the other owner, had it all ready and boxed it up well.  Everyone was masked up, as Piccola has consistently been throughout Covid.       
First off, the cake was beautiful. Even the PITA commented on the smoothness of the ganache.  (Better than his own, he said). So far so good...  
Then he ate it, with its dark chocolate and amarena cherry gelato fillings.  The verdict: "you can get me this cake every year".  It's a MIRACLE!
We got 12 very good sized slices out of the large cake.  I delivered some to another household of "virtual party attendees" (froze the slices pretty hard, stored in a plastic container, and placed in a styrofoam box for the short drive).  
The whole thing was a great success, and we're already studying the menu to choose flavors for the next birthday.  Fortunately it's in January. 
(Do yourself a favor and get a crepe to go while you're picking up the cake.)We try to come here once a week, we have traveled to Italy multiple times in the past and at one point I told my husband that piccolo has better gelato the many other places we sampled in Italy! It is THAT good! Our favorites are the pistachio and their featured fruit sorbetsi have never experienced a place better this this one. i absolutely loved eveything about it!!! from the quality, to the ambiance, to the hospitality, straight down to the service!!! there is literally no comparison to any other restaurant in the entire metropolitan area!!! i could literally go on forever on why this is my new favorite spot, but in want yall to experience it for yall selves. 
i highly recommed that you bring all your loved ones to check this place out, i promise that yall will not be disappointed!!!I've been hearing so much about this place and finally went to see what the hype was all about. First and foremost when I walked in the owner was so inviting and welcoming. He was so pleasant and took the time to explain each gelato flavor and the specialty flavors that he makes. I ended up getting a medium sized cup with two flavors: Expresso and Black cookie which both were tasty. The black cookie flavor was my favorite because it reminded me of cookies and creme. Overall I enjoyed it but the next I'll try the crepes.Fantastic -- hands down the best quality gelato in New Orleans. Very clearly super authentic, has exactly the right texture that real gelato should have, and incredible depth of flavor. Owners are so friendly, the store itself is relaxing and inviting. I will be going back very very soon!Piccola Gelateria is by far one of the best dessert shops in New Orleans. The owners are positively delightful and so is the food. They use all natural ingredients and have a ton of vegan options. The gelato is so abundantly flavorful it's unbelievable and the flavors that they create are so unique and absolutely delicious. This shop creates authentic and exceptional food.Family friendly service and delicious flavors! Very rich to eat, but that is expected of gelato. Wouldn't mind coming back to try more flavorsWonderful warmth from Ria and Ross. Devine, delish and to die for!!! Really wish I got the gelato cake.Wow! This is the best gelato I have ever had! The Caramelized Fig & Goat Cheese is to die for! All of the flavors are absolutely delicious. The only reason I hate Monday's is because that means Piccola Gelateria is closed! I but I know Ross & Ria are working hard to produce more scrumptious gelato for the rest of the week. I would give them 100 stars if I could.The best gelato I've ever had!  Carpe Diem in Lafayette, Louisiana is the 2nd best and that gelato doesn't really come close to Piccola.  As a snowball enthusiast, this is the first time in my nearly 5 decades on earth that you would hear me say that perhaps there is a cold, flavored summer treat that comes close to a well made snowball.  Although I know I'm comparing apples and oranges, I think I'll be alternating between the two from now on.
Dig and goat cheese?  Who would think of that as a flavor for gelato?  Not only is it a great flavor, it could be the most interesting and delicious dessert I have ever had.Came for Christmas Eve and tried their gelato. Amazing flavors and very inviting place. The owner was very attentive and made us feel welcomed. We tried different flavors and also tried their Affogato; very fresh and lots of flavor. Definitely will be back!Stoped at this place with my mom from eating across the street and it was a wonderful decision. She purchased the strawberry gelato and I the Biscotto every thing was amazing and the strawberry was so refreshing mmmmm it was good.Ordered an affogato with vanilla bean gelato. So good. The lady behind the counter was very nice. Got to sit and take my sweet time enjoying it. Will be backGelato at Piccola - way better than Italian SODA
If the cream gets in your eyes, you'll get Gelato-GLAUCOMA
If it was a tanning bed I'd get Gelato-CARCINOMA
If an alien owned it, it'd be a Gelato-ANAL PROBER
The Knack wrote a song about it: MY GELATO SHARONA
If they made clothing then I'd wear a Gelato TOGA
They should talk about it exhaustively on GelatOPRAH
Come and witness this, or my name isn't Gelato JEHOVAH
I wanna eat it endlessly til I'm in a Gelato COMA
If I eat too many, need to do some hot Gelato YOGA
I wanna go to College just to get a Gelato DIPLOMA
There's no Gelato in New Orleans as good as PICCOLA
Beloved on Sesame Street, especially by Gelato GROVER
Ate so much Gelato, caused a Gelato HEMATOMA
I'm seduced by Piccola, call them Gelato CASANOVA
I'm so turned on by Piccola, I've got a Gelato BONER
WHATTTTTTTTTT
Piccola. Enough to make me picc up a Piccola and learn how to Piccola at the strings.
Really great gelato in New Orleans that we found to be absolutely delicious. It's not cheap but it's not too expensive and it's definitely delicious.
It's located in a neighbourhood that we wouldn't usually go to and that tourists wouldn't usually go to, located pretty damn far away from the French Quarter. But it's nice to have something so awesome in this neighbourhood.
We talked to the woman working here and she was friendly, and proud of her products. The decor is wonderful as well, with a bear outside which Barbie really loved. As did I.
This is like the real New Orleans, the Big Easy of the locals, not of the tourists, and it's mostly locals that come here. And it's definitely a somewhat fancy area in some regards. I definitely think Barbie is a big fan.
And on that note, it's time for one more rappppp!
They should open up around the world and go Gelato GLOBAL
They could start in the Prairies with Gelato DAKOTA
And also up in Canada, Gelato MANITOBA
If they open up in Venice, it's Gelato GONDOLA
And the town that used to be in Spain, Gelato BARCELONA
In the newly independent country Gelato CATALONIA
If they open up in Mexico, I'll say Gelato HOLA
If they move to San Diego, it should be Gelato LA JOLLA
If Columbus liked it, it's Gelato HISPANIOLA
If it's radioactive, it's Gelato CHERNOBYL
Wait how does that rhyme
Okay anyway
If this Gelato's Othello, I'll be DESDEMONA
If your snake likes Gelato, bring it here to PICCOLA
And if your gf doesn't like it, Gelato DISOWN HER
And if you don't like it, I don't care one GELATO-IOTA
They didn't have it in the World Wars, no wonder it was FUBAR
If my teeth rot from this gelato, I'll get a new MOLAR
If they shut down, I'll break in with a Gelato CROWBAR
If this gelato was a woman, I'd want to DISROBE HER
If she turned out to have boy parts, I'd want to Gelato BLOW HER
Trust me, get to The Big Easy, and get Gelato from PICCOLA
WHATTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTLove, love, loved it! We had crepes, flatbreads, and gelato. The crepes and flatbreads were really large enough portions to share. We came away with lunch for tomorrow as well. The gelato is the real deal. We WILL be back!A must if you are in New Orleans! The gelato is as good, if not better, than what I've had in Italy. It's creamy and delicious with no artificial flavors! It's also a perfect lunch spot! Their crepes are amazing and the coffee is delicious too. Everyone that comes to visit is in New Orleans we take here. The owners are also the sweetest and have great food recommendations too!