THE BEST PLACE TO EAT IN NOLA!! There were 5 of us & we all ordered something different . I had the shrimp & grits & their grits are fried & amazing! Great portion of shrimp & the sauce was to die for. My son had the catfish-excellent. My husband had the burger & he couldn't finish it. We get here a couple of times a year & this is on our permanent list!Go see Sam "The Man at the Bar" A True Entertainer for the New Orleans Night Life and great food recommendations.Food was great customer service was even better. Colleen was an amazing server! Most definitely will grub here again!Located on Bourbon st. Ordered the...
Boiled crawfish - 1 pound for $14 (Market Price)
Jambalaya - $7
Gumbo - $6
The boiled crawfish came with a corn on a cob, sausage, and potatoes. This dish was pretty good, it had a nice spicy season to it.
The gumbo was pretty decent, and was served with chicken and sausage.
The jambalaya with chicken and sausage was a little too salty with little spice or flavor you would expect from a jambalaya.Only had grilled oysters at the bar but the service and the food was so good we went back 3 times!Awesome!  Terry came and introduced me to the restaurant and took my order. Teddy (yes different young men) delivered the drinks. Terry followed up even though I was not his section
Highly recommend. Awesome service. Team atmosphere. These two gentlemen will make the great food here even better. 
My experience is exceptional servers along with great food make this a must stop in the French Quarter. 
Thank you Terry and Teddy!The menu had some interesting things on it that drew us in. We tried the alligator appetizer and the blackened ahi. The alligator was just ehh but the blackened ahi was great. The red beans and rice and the fried shrimp was ok (for lack of a better description.) Took a while to get our order and our server wasn't that friendly. The server for the table next to us was very jovial and seemed like he enjoyed being around people. 
If you check in, you get a free appetizer.Trash! Garbage!. Food quality is mediocre. Waited about 20/25 minutes for lukewarm blackened shrimp pasta. No genuine hospitality. Crew and manager just going through the motions of business. Oysters were small, shriveled up and NOT FRESH! Do not go here on the weekend! They're interested in numbers- not quality food & beverage service.Omgoodness! The food was sooo good! We had a party of nine and didn't have a long wait at all. The waiters and greeters were very friendly. Our waiter was very catering, I wanted to try new food and she suggested some great choices. I tried the shrimp and grits, and loved it! She also recommended the frog legs, which was something I had never tried, and we all loved it! I don't like the restroom set up. The sinks are too high for small people to wash their handsAfter an late afternoon/early evening of walking around the French Quarter we decided to stop in here for some dinner and to experience a dinner on bourbon street!
The waitress was really nice and helpful..we ended up ordering the crab dip for an appetizer and it was so tasty!  I ordered the red bean and sausage for dinner it was good, but nothing to special.....I def. would go back and try something else though....Sat at the bar so we could see the ppl dancing in the street. The bartenders were very friendly and knowledgeable about the area. I had ordered the Trio which consisted of three small sample bowls of crawfish etouffee, red beans and rice, and gumbo and I have to say that this meal did not blow My socks off. My husband ordered the Shrimp Po'boy; the bread was soft but the Shrimp was bland, no seasoning at all and instead of giving him boat load of shrimp they filled the sandwich with lettuce and tomato. We were both disappointed seeing that this was our first time in NOLA and we wanted to get a real NOLA experience on Bourbon street but we did not.First I was impressed by the GREAT service. The red beans & rice was delicious. It's a fun place to people watch or to catch a game. My hubby had lobster and the taste of New Orleans platter and enjoyed both. I think we would go again.Fried mushrooms where juicy and hot.
Ahi tuna is not worth mentioning.
Oyster with Tasso and cream sauce was good.
Charbroiled dozen oysters was good as well. 
The oyster Po boy was average, very bland and requested the remoulade sauce to help add some flavor. 
Good spot to people watch while taking a break from all the walking, except for the annoying carnie barking stupid absurdities for the strip club across the street.
All in all a good place to park your tired dogs and grab a drink and bite when you canvass bourbon street.We went here on our last night in NOLA, and it didn't disappoint. We tried the oysters, chargrilled, because we had had them like that at Felix's. They weren't as flavorful as the ones st Felix's, but still tasty. I had the gumbo, which was quite tasty. My sons had a shrimp poboy and an oyster poboy. The consensus was that the shrimp one was better. They were so stuffed full and overflowing with the good stuff, they had a hard time picking them up and eating them! The daughter had jambalaya and pronounced it delicious. I'd say give this place a try. Ask for Ty as your server. She was very sweet.George had gumbo and shrimp and grits.  I had corn and crab soup and pecan crusted catfish.  Everything was delicious and the service was friendly and fast.  Just 10 feet away was the insanity of Friday night on Bourbon Street.Pier 424 has become our go-to place whenever we visit NOLA! The service is friendly and welcoming, the atmosphere is comfortable, and our meals are consistently delicious! We ALWAYS get some raw oysters. They're seriously among the best I've ever had!  Occasionally we'll get the charbroiled oysters as well. Their gumbo is pretty killer too, along with their boiled crawfish. Friends of ours get the crawfish queso blanco every time and they're always happy with it!  I'm looking forward to my next visit!Decent but not outstanding seafood place.  It benefits from a nice interior.  The fish and oysters are just okay for the area though and the location on Bourbon street is either a benefit or a detriment depending on how you feel about it.This restaurant is GREAT!!! All of the food was absolutely delicious!! Right on Bourbon street so SUPER convenient. No wait at all even though Bourbon was a little crowded. The waiters were super nice & helped up with everything!! We got the Seafood Eteuffe and we finished every last drop. I also recommend the Crab & Corn Bisque .... SO DELISH. Will definitely come back here on our next visit!!Ive been here a few times (over the years) but i never sat at the bar, this time i did. The service was much better, we had two bartenders and both were very kind and attentive! The food was good as well, we had the typical Hurricanes but def one of the best ive had there.Food was really good. I got the gumbo and charbroiled oysters. The service was even better. I had no problems when I redeemed my coupon for a free dessert.Decent food, the worst service I have had in years. The waiter disappeared for 10-15 minutes at a time despite having several tables in our section. The entrees came out 15 minutes apart. They were out of several of the beers. I guess this explains why everywhere else on Bourbon St had a wait and Pier 424 had empty tables.My friends and I normally don't go to places twice in a year but we came back again the next day so we are giving it 5 stars.DO NOT EAT HERE! Total tourist trap! My husband and I were looking for somewhere convenient to eat after checking out Bourbon Street. We ordered the Shrimp Boil, $24. Not a bad deal had it been halfway edible. The shrimp were so under-thawed that we couldn't even get the skins off. We told the waiter we were disappointed and he offered the Manager. The Manager came over and offered us a whopping $3.60 savings off the dish because the water was too hot. This is our first night in NOLA and probably my second Yelp review ever, but I'm totally disappointed in this place. If you know anything about seafood, do not eat here!First the good: Their chargrilled oysters were absolutely delicious. If you are looking for grilled oysters definitely try them and then get the hell out of there. I am not sure if they are consistently good so beware.
Now for everything else: The service wasn't bad, hostess greeted us and our server was friendly and reasonably attentive. BUT, we ordered 3 lbs of boiled crawfish (May 5th) and they were the worst we have ever had. We are crawfish fanatics so we know what good crawfish tastes/looks like. They were small, the meat was grey, my wife had to spit 3 out because they tasted spoiled, the potatoes/corn were very overcooked. I suspect these had been boiled hours before and were sitting in a cooler for a while. They must have re-heated them either by microwaving them (unlikely) or throwing them back in the boiled pot. Now here is where we screwed up: We didn't complain and we suffered through them and ate most of them. So when we got the bill and saw that it was $14 a pound we threw a fit ( in Austin, TX we pay $8 a pound max!). At that point the manager said there was nothing she could do and that we should have sent them back when we got them. She is right, but we still don't understand how any self respecting cajun restaurant could serve crawfish in that manner. The manager was nice enough to take off 1 pound. 
Our bill of half dozen raw oysters, half dozen grilled oysters, 1 Manhattan and 3 pounds of crawfish came out to nearly $100. We learned to not eat in the French Quarter again.We decided to pop in while on Bourbon Street for dinner before partying. The initial service was good, but it didn't last long. The food took forever to come out and when it did it was not hot. I order the burger and added the Aged cheddar. When the burger came it had shredded cheese sprinkled on top which I can deal with. However the tasteless burger and lukewarm fries were deal breakers. When we were asked about our food by the waitress she didn't bother to apologize when we advised of our issues. The manager came over and asked for feedback which was provided and  she apologized.  Then the waitress brought our checks to the table and left them at the end of the table for us to disturb ourselves. The manager offered to make an adjustment however once the bill was received nothing had been adjusted. Overall the worst restaurant we ate at during our trip.This place is amazing! First time I came here was a year ago, had the best oysters in New Orleans. One year later came back again, still the best oysters in New Orleans. I've tried them at every place I ate, nothing even compares with this place. But what truly made my experience amazing was the bartender Sam. This man should get at least a raise if not an award of some kind! He joked around with us, made us feel very welcomed! Honestly the best experience ever! I've traveled a lot around the country and have never met such an amazing bartender. He's the reason I will be coming back every time! Word of advice, if you can go sit at the bar and ask for Sam, I promise you will not regret it! And order oysters and Crawish Queso Blaco. It's truly amazing!The N.O. Trio of crawfish, chicken, and red beans was like rice soup with flavoring. Hardly any pieces of meat. They added a shrimp dish without me ordering. I thought it was on the house. Few slices of bread, so I had to order more and got charged. All in all, a steep priced dinner for 3 small bowls of gumbo rice...Awesome staff, Sam and his daughter really make the bar with with great customer service and friendly atmosphere. Had some apps with drinks and good times I can't wait to go again.Cool place right down on bourbon. Their food was good but not the best I have had in New Orleans so far, but their Smores bread pudding was AMAZING! You should definitely try it if you stop in!awesome food and service while im visiting NOLA..shrimp platter crab cake complimentary from yelp, great ambiance   thanks for being ok with n MC clubHad a great meal here. First meal after arriving in city. Ordered a burger which was super yummy. Partner got blackened fish Alfredo and loved it. Staff were very friendly and helpful in giving us ideas about places to go. Came back the next day to get the smores bread pudding which was Amazing!!!! Would definitely go back again. Only gave 4 stars as there was a lot of adult activity going on right across street and it was midday. Just a lot to take in while eating lunch... Even for NOLA!!Husband and I walked by this restaurant on our first night in NOLA and made it a point to make sure we would check it out before leaving town. We arrived on a Friday night around 8pm and it was pretty busy but got seated right away. The place is very cute and was really eager to try this place out. It quickly went down hill though once seated. We sat at the table by this hut looking section (two steps, roof, and cute little fence), however this table we sat it and the one on the other side of the steps have got to be by far the worst tables in the restaurant ever. The A/C was blowing so hard that my hair was blowing and it was ice cold air. My husband asked if they could turn it down, however our server said they have to keep it at a certain temp so their floors don't sweat and people don't sue them. That's fine if that's the case but how about trying to accommodate your guest and moving them to another table where it doesn't sit right where the vent is blowing on them. The other issue we had was our drinks. I am dead serious when I say our drinks took 25 minutes from the time we placed our order and by the time it arrived to our table. Our server was nice but it seem like she was extremely overwhelmed when other servers seemed more relaxed. They do however have great oyster and the red fish special w/the potatoes was full of flavors. I don't recommend the Ahi tuna and the only reason why I say this is b/c it's cut so small that the tuna is mostly cooked and I preferred my ahi tuna edges only to be cooked. Overall, I think this place has great food and worth checking out......just be careful where you sit and hope your drinks don't take as long.Pier 424 had the feel of a corporate restaurant that was trying to pull off a local vibe. We placed our drink order and waited 15 mins for one and another 10 for the other. We had placed an appetizer order when the first drink arrived, however, those 12 Oysters Rockefeller we ordered arrived 20 mins later, there was 12 shells, but only 11 oysters. Maybe the meat swam away. When she finally came to take our dinner order, we pointed out the issue, she said they would discount a couple of dollars for the missing oyster. By now, we had had enough and decided to try our luck at another establishment.The food was good.  The staff was amazing! It wasn't the best we've had since we got here,  but,  the bar staff and vibe made up for it.  Lots of fun.  Had a mint julep that was fantastic. The oysters are shucked at the bar. Fun fun.Ordered the dozen grilled oysters. Followed up with
Crawfish claws in a white sauce I can't pronounce.
Drinks: Mojito and the hurricane. Smashed off two 
Not watered down or stale. The hush puppies I sent back as I don't eat raw food. No problem ordered them
Well down. No extra charge. Ask for Dee she is really good and can explain the questions @ the food.
 Gonna go again for tomorrow.Horrible service. Great food. They took FOREVER on food and drinks and getting our check back to us. The bartenders were nice, just SLOW! 
Got the marinated blue crab fingers and a dozen raw oysters, also 4 shots of
tequila and a red dawn and a voo doo doll. Wonderful fruity cocktails.
I did check in to get a free dessert. BUT waited maybe 20 minutes for it and just told the manager to forget it and left. 
I don't get why they were so damn slow...?The atmosphere is really cool and unlike any restaurant I've been to. The marinated crab claws and s'mores bread pudding are amazing!Got the seafood and oyster platters for takeout. Flavor was good, but I was saddened by the small portions for each.This restaurant is not dark like most of the restaurants on Bourbon Street it's very clean the staff look very presentable and the food was great but it's not closed in so you can see all of the street action on BourbonMy only bad food experience in Nola.  The shrimp creole tasted like shrimp in a slightly spicy ragu and the service was ridiculously slow.  I could expand, but quite frankly, this place isn't worth my time (or yours).My family and I took a recent trip to New Orleans and we ate at Pier 424.  The food was really delicious and we had a great server, Julie Ricks.  We thoroughly enjoyed our food and service.Cleo is the greatest waitress ever. She is fantastic She made our experience here the best dinner ever during our vacation to New Orleans. We ordered the shrimp boil, charbroiled oysters, and the alligator!!!Best restaurant in our New Orleans trip!  Every dish we tried here was execellent and once at this place was not enough.  We could not find a better raw oyster in the city.  The service was great! Friendly and cheerful atmosphere.  The choices of truly gourmet meals were plentiful, and surprisingly did not break the bank for the quality found here.  This will always be my first choice in this city!  Try the Dueling Pistols Margaritas while you're at it!We visited  New Orleans Louisiana. We had dinner at Pier 424 and want to say thanks to Sam Cornelius; he's was so kind,  caring and professional.  He makes you feel as though your business is truly desired. Pier 424 is blessed to have such a great employee. Thanks Sam. The food was great.The shrimp and grits were disappointing. I expected big NOLA flavors and it was not there. The crab claw app was great. Service is wonderful. You can sit and look out into bourbon st and watch the craziness.Oh my goodness. I had the shrimp and grits. I could have made a meal out of the corn hash that was lovingly draping over the grit cake, that's right GRIT CAKE. It was cooked perfectly and the shrimp were very tender and cooked just right. You won't be disappointed, everyone in my party was very happy in the tummy after our meal.This place was an amazing surprise! We had walked by before and talked about going in, the next day we actually had the chance! Our dining experience began out well with the very friendly, hostess who sat us and asked about our reason for visiting New Orleans. We then had a young woman named Tyriana who was an absolutely wonderful server, very attentive as well as knowledgable about the menu and area! We began our meal with a cup of the Corn and Crab Bisque which was extremely tasty. Tyriana recommended the Sweet Pecan Fish, which came with a side of candied sweet potato fries. It was extremely well done. One of the other members of our group ordered the Shrim and Maque Choux Grits. This was one of the best meals we had in the area, and paired well with the drink recommendations Tyriana made, as well as the people watching we were able to do from our table by the front window.There was 5 of us on a Sunday night we were staring away.... I should have thought twice. The service was good but the food was just it great, not bad just expect better from a NOLA seafood place.My husband and I were sick all night the first night of our honeymoon after eating here. We asked for bread to settle our stomachs by the end of our meals. Complained and were told that there was nothing they could do. The manager did not care that the food they served made us both sick. The only bad experience we had at a restaurant in New Orleans. Just spend the money and go to Nola. Trust me, it will save you a night of vomiting.Now first of, I've never had Oysters and that's why I had to try them. I had the Oysters Mignoinette and my brother had the some baked oysters. I'd like to tell you that I was swept away in a breeze of sea air and transported to a place of pure taste... but no. There really isn't a lot to do to the oysters, sprinkle with chopped red onion and spash on the vinegar. The onion was a little too coarse chopped and my oysters had not been cleaned sufficiently on the outside therefore upon shucking them some dirt had been pushed into the oyster. Now this got me thinking and therefore I had a shot of whiskey at the end of dinner to ensure a quite evening. 
Now the baked oysters where far supperior too the oysters mignoinette in my mind.
Would I revisit, NoCame in on a Thursday night.  Had a very confusing and long wait.  They do not have a good hostess system in place.  Their waiting area is non-existent and it's impossible to tell who has already been helped.  About 3 different people came to ask us how many we had. We were quoted 20 minutes initially and 10 more minutes about 30 minutes into our wait. Some 20 more minutes later we were finally seated. 
Our waitress was very nice. +1 star for her.
For food we got a popcorn shrimp, fried alligator, fried fish platter, crawfish boil, and shrimp & grits.
Popcorn shrimp, alligator, and fried fish were just okay.  We marveled over their Treme sauce (I would add a half star just for the sauce if I could) more than the proteins.
Crawfish boil wasn't properly purged.  Really killed the whole dish.
Shrimp and grits earned them their 2nd star.  This dish was flavorful, satisfying, and traveled the table because everyone had to try.Made reservations at 8:45 and got shafted in the seating arrangements.
The door man and other host staff were not very knowledgable and inviting. I overheard them say that they are "waiting on the kitchen". If you own a food joint on  Bourbon Street and you have to wait on your kitchen...you're failing at the food service game. This is ridiculous. We left before we got our seats.
Quite possibly the worst dining experience I have had in New Orleans.
AVOID THIS PLACE. Go spend your hard earned dollars on Lucky Dogs.Outstanding.  I was there on a Monday night at 6pm.  Place was not busy yet, but plenty of staff on hand.  
Ate at the bar, and bartender/server was nice and well attentive.  
Food was phenomenal.  I ordered the fresh fish catch of the day.  Asparagus was crisp, potatoes were well seasoned, and whatever the sauce was on the fish was good stuff!!!  
If I lived in the area this would be a regular spot for me.  Price was a little high, but you get what you pay for.  $4.50 for Bud Light bottle doesn't compete with the other places around, but I guess that's the price you pay to have very good food go with it.Food was tasty. We had the crab claw appetizer my husband absolutely loved it. Pricing is average for the area so no surprises there. Definitely recommend if you're in the area.Got to try! Seafood heaven, everything is fresh, great customer service! Cleo was our server, she was very attentive all of her food recommendations were on point!The food was absolutely amazing... my waiter Sam was amazing... he took our orders and even when we were unsure of our choice, he waited. Never been here before. Originally from LA... but would definitely come back again.... THANKS SAMEverything that i ordered was very good here. We started off with a dozen oysters with some special Louisiana HOTT Sauce. Then we got some corn on the cobb and some frog legs. The frog legs were great, taste just like chickenStopped by for oysters and crab & corn chowder.  A great meal!  I would recommend a stop here for good food.Yum. right on Bourbon Street, Shrimp platter amazing and huge portions, crab cake snob approved, and Lawanda made dining at the bar entertaining and home feeling. Def worth it! Tourist approved.I had a bowl of boiled shrimps. It was good but a little bit salty. $24 for 1 pound of shrimps, 2 corns, 3 potatoes, and a slice of sausage was a bit high. Thinner shells so it was harder to peel. Very nice and fresh. Right before this, I returned 1 lb of shrimps to Deanies because I tried one and it did not taste fresh.Service was very friendly. I was boring and got the boiled shrimp, and when it came out I was shocked! Now, keep in mind that I am from Kentucky, all the seafood we eat is imported frozen. When the shrimp came out, the heads were still in tact. I expected to peel, but not have to cut off heads. I gave three stars because it wasn't what I thought of NOLA cuisine. Seemed bland, and came with only one andouille sausage. It wasn't terrible though.COME HERE FOR THE WORST BOIL IN TOWN, TOPPED BY THE MANAGER'S  PERSONAL INCLINCATION TO UNDERMINE THE INTEGRITY OF HIS RESTAURANT WITH A BALD-FACED LIE AND INSISTENCE ABOUT WHAT THEIR KITCHEN PUT OUT.
I would give this restaurant negative stars if I could, for the worst service in town, topped by the Manager's personal inclination to undermine the integrity  and reputation of his restaurant rather than own up to the fact that his kitchen erred egregiously in making our dish. Instead, he would rather continue on with a bald-faced lie and insist on what clearly isn't what their menu indicated they would put out.
Around 3 in the afternoon, we strolled in and ordered 1/2 dozen fresh oysters and the Peel 'N' Eat Shrimp cajun seafood boil at market price. The manager himself personally seated us and took our order. Despite this, 30 minutes later, the oysters had not been shucked yet. Either he had forgotten to place our order altogether, or the person shucking behind the bar did. In either case, we never got this order and I later canceled in light of how bad our other order became.
About the boil... first off, this was advertised as shrimp, andouille sausage, potatoes and corn boiled in their special cajun spicy seasoning, so that you would get "spicy potatoes". What came was in fact, a sad bowl of shrimp, two half ears of corn, and 3 small potatoes boiled in...nothing but saltwater. NOT EVEN ONE SPECKLE OF SPICE WAS ANYWHERE TO BE FOUND.  That was so obvious to anyone looking at the bowl that NO SPICE WAS USED AT ALL. PERIOD. When I pointed out to the Manager that the sausage was missing and more than that--there was no seasoning to the boil whatsoever?!!!  He BALDLY LIED, responding, "This was boiled in our cajun seasoning, what you see is how we do it here in Louisiana."
Really??? Wow, I may not be from New Orleans, or anywhere else in LA, but that doesn't mean that I'm stupid, nor that I haven't had Creole food, or been to ANY OTHER RESTAURANT IN TOWN in the 4 days I spent there on this trip. The Manager asked if we had even tried it. NO, I told him, the boil was visibly lacking in seasoning. You should try it he said.  To humor him, my husband and I cut a potato in half and tasted exactly what I told him it would be...a plain boiled potato, without ANY SPECKLE OF SEASONING. We called him back and told him it was a plain potato with no cajun seasoning (or ANY seasoning), but he insisted that we were wrong.
I sent this dish back to the kitchen and canceled the 1/2 oysters (which still hadn't arrived yet). We paid for our drinks--$16 for one Bloody Mary and one ice tea. No apology from the Manager of Pier 424 for his kitchen's obvious mistake. Course not, he already lied through his teeth just 10 minutes ago, and he and the rest of the staff proceeded to ignore us altogether until we walked out.
Please, save yourself grief and money. There are better places for food, where Managers of restaurants WILL take responsibility for their kitchens and uphold the quality and integrity of the restaurant's kitchen. Pier 424 isn't one of them.Below are the reason this place gets four stars:
1. Everything we ordered tasted great
2. They had no problems making a special drink for us that was not on their menu
3. When the manager heard us say the food was not hot when it came to the table he immediately corrected the problem
4. The drinks were strong
I say go check it out!I'm totally not understanding all the good reviews. Maybe my palate is off, or they were having a bad day - but I can't say that I enjoyed my meal here. 
My boyfriend and I ordered the Seafood Platter, which came with the "Southern Fried Fish". I immediately noticed that the title of the fish is "SOUTHERN FRIED FISH" and not "SOUTHERN FRIED CATFISH".  My boyfriend asked the waitress what kind of fish was on the platter, and she went and asked someone, and returned and stated that it was catfish. Well, we ordered it anyway despite my better judgment. My family is from Arkansas and Mississippi, and the BF is from Louisiana. WE KNOW CATFISH. The fish they served us was NOT catfish (I'm guessing it was whiting, swai, cod, or some other China bred substitute) - which is probably why the menu states "Southern Fried Fish Fillets". 
There was a lot of "filler" on the plate, such as a pile of onion rings (which were cold), fries, toast, and hushpuppies. I'm pretty sure most of the food (including the seafood) was frozen, especially because some of the hush puppies and shrimp were still stuck together. Then, they dressed the plate up with parsley flakes, I guess to make the food look more "homemade" and less frozen. 
The food was also overpriced, we paid $30 for our frozen seafood platter. 
Service - OK. Our waitress wasn't rude, but wasn't overly friendly. I do appreciate the manager walking around and asking if everything is ok. 
There are better places in New Orleans to get your seafood fix. This ain't it. Try GW fins if you want some good seafood in NOLA and don't mind spending a few $.Had a great time on the balcony for the parade food was good I had the wings and they are good
Grab legs thumb down
Boiled shrimp thumbs down
Po boy very good I will try this place againTwo things stuck out about my first experience at this restaurant...
1) The staff was amazing with the children at the restaurant. At several points in the evening, I saw the staff bring out a lobster to show children around the restaurant. You always see children flock to fish tanks, lobster tanks, etc. to see these creatures, however, having eaten at many of seafood restaurants over the years, this was the first time I've ever seen that. Kudos to the staff! We had young ones in our party too and they went above, beyond to cater to this group.
2) The fried shrimp - wow! It was almost as if it melted in my mouth. So many places do not know how to do fried shrimp or fried anything for that matter. Think about it! Breading matters. In a big way. Pier 424 did a great job with the breading on the fried shrimp that I ate and they knocked it out of the park with the hush puppies too, which was just bonus.Slow start but ended great. 
Seafood Lover's Steal!
Had a great time at Pier 24. When my girlfriend and I came inside, there was no one at the door. We gave it about two minutes assuming the greeter might have been seating a table. One gentleman came to front and seemed a little confused as to what was going on. He greeted us then left without seating us. Then greeter Strawberry (I think) came to front and was very friendly and seemed a lot more comfortable at the door. She seated us toward the middle where it was extremely cold. My girlfriend went immediately to the restroom and no server had greeted me for about 5 minutes. Finally Rosa came over and said again she would be right with us. Granted it was hot outside, it was freezing with all the fans going. We even joked with other tables about the air as another lady at another table had her arms covered with her linen napkin. 
Between the million fans and the initial lack of attention I was kind of turned off. Instead of waiting, I went back to the front and asked Strawberry if my girlfriend and I could move to another table towards the front without so many fans circulating. Without hesitation Strawberry got a table closer to the front where there were no fans. 
The ambiance is calm and mellow for a rowdy Bourbon Street which can be a nice change of scenery. A little cold in the restaurant for my liking but that was most restaurants on Bourbon St. altogether. 
Clean and spacious. 
Jamie was our server. She suggested different drink specials as to us being undecided dining here for the first time. She was efficient with taking our orders and knew her menu. I'm a picky eater so I asked plenty questions as to what was in what entrees. She answered all questions without any second guessing. We ordered wine, the seafood trio or combo (red beans & rice, crawfish étouffée, gumbo) and a pound of crab legs that came with corn on the cob and red potatoes. The food came out FAST. At least within 10 minutes. I was quite impressed because the restaurant was pretty busy the entire time we dined there. A manager came over about 5 minutes after we began eating and asked about the food and service. I consider myself a more needier guest and Jamie was very happy to get me anything I asked for immediately. She was friendly and consistent our entire dinner even though it was obvious that she was pretty busy. She was very bubbly and changed my whole mood of what I thought the place would be. Jamie always came to the table smiling and happy so you couldn't help but be happy back. She added to the overall Pier 24 experience and NOLA hospitality. She even told us about some of her favorite places to eat so that we could try other things out. The food was great although I've had better gumbo at other places while visiting... somewhat under seasoned; but it's still good. Also, I asked for no type of chive or green onion garnishes (my receipt showed it was put in) and my food still came with all garnishes. Wasn't that big of a deal because I just picked them off even though I shouldn't have to. 
I didn't find it too expensive. Seafood Dinner and wine for two was only $65 which was great. Average prices was about $11-$20. I am from Maryland where the prices are a lot steeper so I felt like ate great for dirt cheap and the service made it 10x better. Easily would have had a $90 bill up north.  Would give this place 5 stars if the start wasn't so rocky. I definitely recommend this restaurant to the seafood lovers though. Ask for Jamie!We went here on a hunch before we did the bourbon street tour during the week. We went on a wednesday, we were seated immediately at the back of the restaraunt next to the bar & cashier stand. We waited at least 20 minutes for someone to bring us water and a waiter to say she'd be right with us. When she finally came back she was not friendly at all to us. She took my order wrong, i ordered a shrimp plate & received a seafood plate so i had to pick at it. She hung around the restaraunt sitting at other people's tables & chatting them up but never smiled at us the whole time we were there. She also never asked how our meals were. The entire staff stood at the cashier stand talking & hanging out instead of serving customers. The food was terrible too, everything was over cooked & flavorless. We gave her the lowest tip we had given our entire trip, but to be honest she didn't deserve a dime. You'd be better off going to McDonalds and getting better service than going here.Fresh food and friendly staff, only problem was the strip club owner across the street soliciting patrons but not there fault.In the French Quarter you always have a choice for a seafood house; we came to Pier 424 to accommodate our large group of 11 during the Sugar Bowl. 
The service at the bar was friendly, but still had the typical sugary drinks of NOLA-nothing special. Our wait was shorter expected and all of us were excited to have oysters. 
They were out of raw oysters, so I opted for the famous alligator po'boy. It was bread with some alligator., tough meat and disappointing taste. A friend of mine in the group had a plate spilled on her by a waiter. Only offered a managers card for need repairs or cleaning needed to be done to her purse. We were thinking they might pick up her tab after having a half eaten salad spilled into her lap and purse!
We were throughly disappointed with the service and underwhelmed by the food. Might have been different with a smaller group but that should not effect the service. I would recommend going elsewhere if you are searching for savory seafood.I stopped in after the Charger/Saints game for a bite and got some oysters and a beer.  The beer was cold  but the oysters were shucked by an amateur.  There were bits of shell all over the inside.  It kinda cut into my enjoyment.  The horseradish was powerful and the flavor was good.
Other than that it seemed a professionally run restaurant and they had plenty of seating and were open after midnight on a Sunday.I had a great experience. Sat at the bar and ordered crab claws.  They were perfection with toast! The bartender Erika was excellent and really took care of me. I went back again another day while there.I stopped here with a few friends for lunch and we weren't disappointed. The corn & crab bisque came in a fulfilling portion size. The bisque was hot and delicious. It is topped with a hush puppy which compliments the dish well. The shrimp platter was more food than anticipated. The platter comes with shrimp, fries, onion rings, and hush puppies, all piled upon each other. They did not skimp on the amount of shrimp served in the dish. The shrimp had the right amount of breading and was seasoned nicely. The service was friendly, especially since we were a larger party. The menu is fairly priced. Couples dining ranges around $80 including 2 alcoholic beverages (the hurricanes here were great), 2 appetizers, & 2 entrees. The corn and crab bisque alone would lure me back to this restaurant the next time I'm in town.This is one of the best restaurants I've eaten at on bourbon st. The service was on point the food was great and the music was ok.So if you are in town visiting or just a local stop by a grab a bit to eat.Good place to eat, I wouldn't call it amazing, but the food was pretty good, the service was a little slow and the drinks were just so-so. Started with the NOLA bites, then got the crab stuffed shrimp, they were okay, the menu didn't mention the they were fried.Went here for our first nights dinner in NOLA. Sat right near the street so it was fun to people watch while we enjoyed our meal. The food was good! The waitress seemed like she had a lot of tables so service was a little slow but still quality. We got fried alligator for an appetizer which was delicious and then split a Seafood Platter. Delicious but so much fried food! Overall pleased with the visit! 
The place is across the street from a strip club where the ladies try and bring in a crowd. It was more than entertaining to see!VERY slow service, food just ok, ordered raw oysters they never were served. Gave up paid $35 for ice tea diet coke shrimp skewer small gumbo and 6 oysters cooked in cheese.Great oysters and great meal! Raymond working behind the bar equals a good experience. He rocks! Best personality on Bourbon Street! A real guy! Ask him about his kids!  We loved him!Date Night!
Decided to stop for drinks and a couple of appetizers-Raw oysters and fried crocodile. We ordered drinks. We received the drinks, but I asked for water. The waiter never brought water. My husband asked for another margarita and he brought it to my husband 20 minutes later. It was in a plastic cup. The waiter chuckled and said they ran out of glasses. I had to ask for my water again. By this time we had been waiting for our appetizers over an hour! I told my husband that maybe we should just pay for our drinks and leave. We than noticed another couple sat down by us and ordered food. 1/2 hour later their food came and they were eating. My husband and I were still waiting for our appetizers. My husband went up to the staff and told them that we wanted to pay for our drinks because we were tired of waiting for our food! The only thing good out of this is that they didn't charge us for the drinks. 
Service was very bad at this restaurant. It was as if they didn't have enough staff to run the restaurant.Great food and they take good care of Military. Our server Alyssa was super attentive and had a very postive attitude. I'll definitely recommend this restaurant to my friends back home.It's pretty simple.  If you're on Bourbon street during Mardi Gras and you're hungry for delicious, fresh food that won't weigh you down, come here!  Loved it!The food was mediocre at best and the service was so slow. There are a ton of better restaurants around the area that I would not recommend you wasting your time and appetite here.Everyone complaining about service must not have had Tre' as their server. Tre' was GREAT. My mom and I had dinner on a Thursday night. It was super cold out and not quite tourist season, so the place was empty. Tre' was very attentive (my mom thinks maybe too attentive, but I thought it was fine). I tried the alligator appetizer -- it's breaded and fried and comes with sauce, can't go wrong. I also had the red beans and rice which was very tasty. Whatever that chicken was glazed with... DAMN. So good. 
Anyway, overall, the food was tasty and service was great. Good luck, Pier 424.Negative stars!!! TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE 
I own one of the local Walking tour companies in the French Quarter. In the past I have told my tour guides to send customers to this restaurant when they ask for a recommendation for a nice place. Never again! I will now go out of my way to make sure my tour guides will tell all our customers DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!! So... Tonight my husband and I decided to go out to eat.  I had my kids meet us at this restaurant. When we went in I told the lady setting us that I had three teenage kids that would be meeting us soon, she said ok!  She seated us and when the kids came inside I got up and greeted them. I asked the waitress if they could sit at the table She responded YES NO PROBLEM!! (It's important to know that the place was not busy and not even close half the tables were being used) 
The kids sat down and we were all talking enjoying our night and a different waitress walked up and we were barely able to understand her but from what we gathered she said "you want menus"  I said no they don't need menus. 
She walked off. And we waited and waited we thought maybe our waitress was going to come back to take their Drink and entree order. 
A little bit later she walked back up and with an insane amount of attitude she said "y'all got to go ... Y'all gotta leave NOW!!!" 
I almost fell out of my chair!!! I couldn't believe what I was hearing. 
I said excuse me? You are telling my kids that they have to go? Why?  
She responded they ain't eaten 
I said, nobody took their order.
They were going to eat. They didn't need a menu they knew what they wanted.  Nobody ever even so much as asked them what they wanted to Drink!!! 
She said I'll say it again-  they gotta go! 
I got up and went to the front where the waitresses were all standing and I asked for my waitress. 
Evidently the woman who spoke with me when I was asking for my waitress was a manager. 
As I was telling her what happened the waitress with the attitude that told my kids they had to leave interrupted me and said I didn't say they could sit there!!! I said I never said that you said they could MY WAITRESS SAID THEY COULD! And we were waiting on someone to come take their order! 
The manager had no explanation as to why she would allow this. She said I'm sorry that the waitress didn't explain our policy. 
What policy are we breaking??? 
Together just my husbands order and my order that we had already placed was $83!!! 
My kids were going to order drinks and eat and yet we were breaking the restaurants policy??? 
I asked for to go boxes for our food because it was being brought to our table as all of this was taking place so we did not even get to enjoy our food while it was hot! $83 worth of cold food. 
The only thing that the manager told me was that the waitress who behaved in such a terrible manner would be handled and it wouldn't happen again. 
Well my dinner was ruined so that didn't help much. 
Beyond frustrating. 
I will not send any of my customers that attend any Walking tours with our company to this restaurant. In fact, I will go out of my way to make sure that not one of my customers go here!!! 
Pier 424 teach your waitresses what respect is. Being rude to customers is bad business. 
I would have thought they would have offered SOMETHING to make this nonsense up to us but no. They didn't.Great food, hostess was great and always kept my glass full, tried the frog legs and alligator meet.. will definitely be coming backIt was just "OK."  Went in for a poor boy sandwich.  The bartender said "you can get one of those anywhere in New Orleans and then tried to "up sell" me on the catch of the day--without giving me the price.  I opted for the fried calamari which is pretty hard to mess up.  The aioli  that was served with it was just "OK"--nothing to write home about. 
Wouldn't return to this place.I ordered the shrimp pizza boy and a cup of gumbo. The food was excellent but the service was incredible. I sat at the oyster bar and enjoyed a great conversation with the bartender and the oyster shucker. These were two joyful, passionate and wonderful people add a level value that can't be bought. Great service is the key to any good business. Next time I'm ordering the oysters.Omg ontop of the food being sooooo good. Shrimp and grits and the crab claws. Sam our server was amazing and took awesome care of us!Went 9/28/14, just walking around and saw Pier 424. Prices are extremely high for what you get. Food is edible, but we went to Oceana Grill the night before and got more food, with better taste, for half of the 100+ I spent at 424. Didn't want to down the place (since it had an empty dining room and the servers are just trying to make a living), but you can do better. We tried a dozen oysters, which are decent, the alligator 'bites', which are a joke for the price of the small strips they gave us, the Hurricane drinks, which have a certain amount of alcohol in them based on whether the person is male or female they serve it to - yet the price stays the same, and the Seafood Platter, which had almost no seasoning compared to what you can get from anywhere else. There are better places to eat for half or even a fraction of the price, with better taste.Fantastic!  Service at the bar by the bad muthashucka, Raymond, was on point.  The Food was awesome and portion sizes were big.  No matter what entree you get, I highly recommend getting the hushpuppies too.  They were the best I ever had.  I'll definitely be back next time I make it to town.Food is fine but comes slowly. The waitress had the worst attitude that I have ever seen at New Orleans. She messed up my order first and charged me more. When I asked her to adjust my bill, she argued that the way she did was cheaper. After doing math in front of her, she kept telling me: I can do whatever you asked. No apologies. Later, she told me that she could not adjust my bill because she already swiped my card. They really need to train their staffs better!Not a big fan of this place, everything came out like it was from TGIF... enough said?  The gumbo was a big no no for tourists I couldn't get over that it looked like it came out of a swamp.  Maybe we needed to try something else?Food is delicious. Wish I'd eaten here there entire length of my visit. Drinks are delicious. I recommend the absolute lemonade and the stuffed shrimp Alfredo.Oysters are the best here! We have had them at a lot of places around and these were the freshest tasting!!
The staff is always so nice and attentive!Raw oysters are to die for and our server Frank ROCKS!  He made our dinner extra special by being so awesome!!We ate here 2 nights in a row and both nights were outstanding tonight we have the shrimp creole and the shrimp and grits excellent food great place great serviceRobert from NYC was so helpful. Gave a great recommendation and was an outstanding waiter. The crab dip was awesome and the grey goose pear lemonade hit the spot.Salty. If your on a low sodium diet ovoid like the plague. Disclaimer: it was 2/18 at like 10 at night. We ordered fried gator as an app. Salty scale 8 out of 10. The meat was ok. Friend got steak, rare. Yeah um no lots of gristle. I got 6 raw oysters and a oyster po boy. The 5 of the 6 oysters were burnt, 1 was ok. (Yeah I ordered them raw). The oyster po boy I could not even choke down they were so salty 10 out of 10 on salty scale. Server was ok, I would say good, but she was to busy to get condiments like ketchup. For the fries (only edible food we ordered). Server wanted to take off the po boy but got the manager, manager did not give me the option to take it off the bill. I did get to re-order, so I got the grilled shrimp po boy. Decent/edible food, but that's if you like salad shrimp that only filled half the po boy. My option, GO ANY WHERE BUT HERE. Oh, the bill was $120 without tip, but we did tip the waitress, she was not the problem.For such a central location on Bourbon street they were under staffed. Our waitress was spread very thin, and didn't have a bar nor oyster shuckers that were keeping pace. This could be a jam up spot if they had enough staff. Food was ok nothing to write home about.Wife and I chanced upon this to get off the stench that was Bourbon Street, and were delightfully surprised.  The food was good, we did not order much but the service great and the suggestions of where o visit were spot on.  I even looked up that they had a yelp coupon, they honored it... that money was added to the tip...great place and service....We live in the neighborhood and was pleasantly surprised by the food here. Had the gumbo, crab cakes, and Apple crisp a la mode. Yeah, it's on Bourbon Street, but very comfortable and nice atmosphere. Madeline, our server, rocked!This was hands down the best seafood when i came to New Orleans. No crowded for some reason and the appetizers were as good as entrees.I am not new to New Orleans and usually only come for the amazing food. I mean you can find it every where here. The service at this place was fine. Our server was attentive and the food came quickly. Now for the food, the frog legs were juicy, tender, and lightly breaded- very good. The popcorn short appetizer was also very good. We also ordered the crab claws appetizer, the chargrilled oysters, raw oysters, and the other oyster option. The shucking job on the oysters was not very good. The flavor on the latter foods was mediocre and nothing to write home about. That being said, it's not a bad option for this kind of food at 1 am. If you have more options and it's not late at night, skip this place and try a different one. There are so many delicious places to explore! Bon appetit!Great food! We were walking around bourbon street and stumbled upon this restaurant. I order the blackened chicken which came with red beans and rice with chicken and sausage. The meal also came with steamed vegetables but they were completely raw when brought to the table. I was so hungry that I just ate what was hot but I wouldn't recommend the veggies if they are normally served raw instead of steamed. I really enjoyed the red beans and rice as it had a little spice to it as well.We have been here before and had a good meal but not tonight. I had the crab cake/ shrimp linguini which was average. My husband had fried oysters...barely recognizable and tasted nothing like oysters. Service was below average considering how few people we there. Never again.Stumbled into this place yesterday March 6th after walking around looking at million menus. My server Ira was very knowledgable about the menu food choices and also liquor choices which are what really matter lol! I got the fried shrimp with fries which was amazing, my mother got the fried pecan crushed red fish which she loved. For my drink I got New Orleans punch which tasted like juice but did the job quite well. Dessert was good, bread pudding, but I was too full to eat more than a few bites. Overall best place I ate at all week.Flat awful the worst disgusting food I have ever eaten shrimp are not supposed to taste like chlorineWanted to say Thank You to our server Ashan T.
After having a bad experience and wasn't able to eat anything before our tour at another restaurant (Royal House) we ended up at Pier 424 Seafood Market after our tour.
Wasn't expecting anything great but our friendly, happy and very attentive server Ashan was amazing.  The food was great.  He pretty much brighten our visit to New Orleans. Nothing went wrong, everything went perfect.
Before we left, he offered us to go drinks to keep us cool.
Thank you again Ashan T.I went to Pier 424 and had an amazing time. My friend and I were going out for our last night in NOLA and wanted anything but fried food. We saw that Pier 424 had boiled options and went there. It was really good. She had the boiled shrimp and I had the boiled mussels. Two things to note - the shrimp has the heads on, which freaked my friend out at first, and two the corn is Spicy! We were warned about the corn but had to try it anyway. I guess it soaks up the spices. It was still good, but a fire in your mouth. 
We got a good amount of food and the prices were good. I also tried some raw oysters and they were HUGE! And after we ate, the manager was great. I mentioned I had awful turtle soup somewhere else that morning and he brought me a sample of theirs. 100% better than the other place I had it. And definitely went over and beyond. 
Overall, the staff was amazing, very attentive (and patient as some of the other tables were highly intoxicated), the food was great and a nice change from the fried food options elsewhere. I would definitely go back to Pier 424.From the moment we walked in the service was fabulous!!!!! We were greeted by the hostess, then Chef Chris was also standing right there setting up. He took care us from beginning to end, even brought out our food to the table a couple of times. Our waitress Keyira knew the menu in and out. She made the BEST recommendations. Though I think it would've been hard to chose a wrong item on this menu! The food was the absolutely the BEST!!! I can go on and on about how amazing no this place is. If you are in NOLA, this is a must on the "To do list"! I will be back. Thank you to everyone at Pier 424!This place is amazing. I love to try new and local foods. My meal was one of the top 5 foods I've ever had in my life! I had the shrimp stuffed with crabmeat over Cajun shrimp linguini. TONS of shrimp. The service was great, everyone was very attentive. The manager, Mark, was very helpful as well. The gumbo and jambalaya were outstanding! I can't wait to go back!  I had an appetizer and my meal. I just had water to drink and my bill was $32.00, just to give you an idea, but it was worth every penny!The three is for the food, the waiter was loud and rude. Got our order wrong three times.I was on the hunt for the best oysters in the French Quarter.  This was my first stop and also home of the best FREAKING oysters in the Quarter.  Seriously, I would tell you no lie.  Wouldn't be prudent.  
We grabbed a spot at the bar and were greeted by our own personal oyster shucker, Eddie.  This guy is a flippin trip.  We were entertained by this guy for over an hour with his dirty jokes and oyster aphrodisiac stories.  Eddie is not for the faint of heart.  As he shucked our oysters I noticed that in all my years of oyster slurping I have never seen them this big.  Suckers were huge.  And fresh, so stinking fresh.  The best I have ever had.  
We ordered one dozen but since we were the only ones at the bar, Eddie kept on shucking.  I must have eaten 3 dozen oysters but only got charged for one.  I couldn't stop eating these things man.  My sister and her husband had never had a raw oyster before and they tried thier first here.  Now they are hooked....
My sister got some boiled shrimp and they were delicious, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  We also got some fried pickles.  I can't speak to anything else on the menu, but the things we are were on point.  
Call ahead to see if Eddie is working, sit at the bar, don't eat anything before you come and prepare for an experience of a lifetime.  Then you can come and thank your boy Jake.Came here for their boiled crawfish, they were over cooked. Order came with corn, sausage & potato.Oysters were dirty and not so fresh :(
The shrimp remoulade was good but nothing special not worth $10 if I didn't use the free app special on yelp.We had the appetizer crawfish lettuce wraps and they were SOOO GOOD!! You must get these. Otherwise the Po-boys we got were pretty terrible and it was super pricy for what we got.Hands down the best oysters in town! 
Sam was an incredible bartender and an even greater all around worker! If you're down here this is the place to go!Love this place!!  Had alligator and oyster on the half.  Met Sam who was shucking fresh oysters.  Had such a great time talking and laughing with him that we returned a second night for grilled/broiled oyster and more great conversation with Sam (really we returned for Sam) Would highly recommend the Pier great food and GREAT staff.  See you next year!!!Had to walk out. Seated and no service. 7 filled tables. Wait staff sitting in the back talking.  Host out front talking.  Real shame seamed like a real nice place. I have no problem waiting,  but at least get the drink order.  Zero communication.Visited this place on vacation with my parents and boyfriend. We had a very friendly waitress who recommended some good options. We ordered 6 raw oysters and fried alligator bites to start which were both delicious. My father raved about the catfish he had and my mother and I both enjoyed the special that night; seared shrimp and grits on top of creamed corn. The grits were made into a fried cake of sorts and were some of the best I have ever had. Incredible! My boyfriend immensely enjoyed, but couldn't finish, his trio of red beans and rice with pork, gumbo, and crawfish étouffée. We also ordered the drink special that day which were delicious orange mojitos with fresh mint for six bucks. Fantastic experience!The food (I ordered crabcakes) was delicious. The service however was not great...our waitress was cold and slightly bit scary.Food was outstanding! I got the shrimp and grits and my husband got the seafood Alfredo. Both were so delicious! Only thing that wasn't great was the service - the waitresses all looked miserable and weren't friendly at all.It's not the absolute best I've ever had however I really did enjoy the environment in our service was great and New Orleans has got some great restaurants and this is definitely one of them. Of course as always I like to try a little bit of everything. When I go in groups we all share each other's food so we can get a taste of everything and nobody can tell us whats what. This place definitely has some of the best jambalaya I've ever had and I enjoyed the seafood they had here as well. The wait was slightly long but for the ambience it was well worth it. I skipped out on some of their faster Serving restaurants in the area just to have a sit down and dine in experience in New Orleans and it was well worth it. It is right in the middle of all the action on Bourbon Street so you can't miss it.Great flavors  had turtle soup, chargrilled oysters and shrimp and grits but the only issue was all food was cold by the time it got to us.We sat at the bar and it was nice.Went Friday night at 10ish got a seat right away!Missing hospitality everybody was in a " I'm getting there mode" .  My po boy was drier  than a popcorn fart , crawfish had no flavor old dry and we're not purged.  Asked for oranges for the beer and never got it 2nd round of drinks came when dinner was almost doneThe crawfish are fantastic. Squeeze the heads over the potatoes for a savory snack. Would also recommend the sautéed crab legs. You'll want to sop up the sauce with the included toast. Get a cold Abita beer to wash it all down with.
Your hands will get messy. You've been duly warned.Raymond is the man!
He took care of us at the bar last night, and really impressed us!
He was working and shucking oysters the whole time, but continued to chat with us the entire time! Not to mention, they were the biggest an beat oysters I've ever had!!
We also tried a fried Alligator appetizer which was great! 
For dinner Raymond recommended the Red Beans and Rice with fried chicken...also a great recommendation! 
We were tourists in New Orleans, but we like to really experience places and not just hop from one tourist spot to the next just to say we've been there (though on some occasions we're guilty of that)....but we feel like sitting at the bar of Pier 424 chatting with Raymond and listening to the street performers outside, and the amazing food and drinks there, really gave us that great New Orleans experience we were looking for!!
*added bonus - we got a free appetizer just for checking in on Yelp! Thanks!The food here was impeccable ! We were welcomed by the hosting staff and enjoying the most amazing service . I was a little hesitant of eating on the touristy strip however the food was so amazing here ! Glad we stopped! Definitely be back next trip !After walking the street we decided on this dinner spot based on the looks. The menu looked good and the vibe seemed friendly! We were not disappointed. The alligator appetizer was great and the Cajun chicken pasta entree fab. I definitely recommend the crab cakes as well. We ended with banana foster. Yum!! Great experience overall!Service was awful... and it wasn't busy at all, it was almost empty..took us so long to get our order in, by the time we got our food it was cold when it was supposed to be hot.. no flavor seafood was dirty and not good.. we get better seafood in the north and that's saying something... prices were too high for the quality  ...never again (our waitress was a very skinny older lady... looked like a skeleton with makeup.. I don't know her name)The shrimp and grits were excellent!!!!  The crab cakes were also very good.  Sam behind the bar is the absolute best and full of great stories.  Loved him!!  We didn't want to leave!!  My favorite place to have drinks and eat in New Orleans!   Sit at the bar near the entrance...great people watching!!!!We just happened to stop here for a drink, sat at the oyster bar and had such a fun time with Sam the oyster tender. The food was incredible ! The alligator bites, the New Orleans trio, and the raw oysters were soooooo good. We'll definitely go back before we leave NOLACame with a group of about 25 -- had "reserved" the front room with the open-air windows. Staff did the best they could, but clearly weren't prepared for that many people to arrive at once.   After about 20 minutes of posturing and discussion about which server was entitled to the section, service began.
I'm fairly sure that others in our group enjoyed their experience (and their food) better than I -- and if so, I hope they write reviews, too.
We excitedly ordered the $35.00 SEAFOOD TOWER (!) which the menu said Serves Two.  The SEAFOOD TOWER was a platter of ice with: one dozen small oysters which were dressed with some kind of bitter radish, a small bowl of cold, chewy marinated crab (I think they were crawfish) claws, and approximately eight peel-&-eat shrimp.  If this dish is meant to feed two adults, it seems I need a better understanding of portion control.  As it came to us (both in size and condition), it barely fed one.
I should have immediately said something about our dish and how unsatisfied we were, but didn't because of the size of our party.  Food came out at different times for the entire table.
Would be willing to try Pier 424 again, but likely won't because of all the other options in town.
In addition; a word to the wise -- our party was a mixed group of young and old professionals... some were a bit off-put by the surrounding establishments of Pier 424 which really provide some authentic Bourbon Street ambiance: they're strip clubs.This restaurant is one of the few places on Bourbon Street to escape the silliness and get some good food. The sampler platter was very tasty, and the waitress very helpful.My mom and I were visiting this weekend and I was craving some boiled seafood.. locals directed me here and needless to say, I changed my mind and ordered a couple dishes off the menu. I had the crab cakes and corn and crab bisque while my mom had the shrimp and grits. ABSOLUTELY delicious and by far the most seasoned food I've found at a restaurant. Will definitely return the next time we are in NOLA!The food and atmosphere was awesome! My waitress was very nice and the mAnager seen to be very involved. My only issues is that the crab boil would've been even better with fresh corn instead of froze and 1 piece of sausage for $27 was not good enough.Was walking down Burbon and a hostess by the door encouraging my party to come in. Such a great decision cause this place was amazing. Great oysters and gumbo.Great wait staff!
Eunice made helpful suggestions for myself a first timer at the restaurant. I liked the vibe of the place and it's right off Burboun street, so you can see the crowd walk by. An awesome place for a good meal break.Service? For 15min sitting in the restaurant I learnt the whole menu... And left... Nobody cameOmg! They serve the BEST oysters ever! No lie! Me and my girl ate here twice just for the oysters! And the alligator is delicious!We came here on a Saturday night around 9pm and were seated quickly, but then waited 40 minutes for our meals. We had the crawfish etoufee, alligator po' boy, and crawfish boil. Food was pretty good, but service was atrocious. For food that was likely already made and slightly overpriced, it was unacceptable. For a better po boy, go to Johnny's. For good seafood AND good service, go down another street...Had the Fried Mushrooms, Fried Alligator Poboy and The Trio which included Red Beans & Rice,Crawfish Etouffee & Gumbo. Everything was pretty good,nothing was screaming "oh my god this food was so good we have to come eat here again tomorrow" or anything. The fried Alligator was really chewy though I would definitely NOT order that again.If there was a 2 1/2 rating I would probably give it that because I really don't think it deserves a 3 but then a 2 doesn't seem fair either. The waitress also seemed in a bad mood when we first got there & then she seemed in a better mood after about 10 minutes so I don't know what was going on with her.New Orleans has tons of places to eat at so I definitely wouldn't come back here again.Even though the food was decent out service was very very poor. Our server was very slow when it came to getting our food and our drinks when we had just ordered water.  I am pretty sure he was high. When we asked what took so long for our food he told us he didn't put the order in. Very disappointed.Crawfish was good...everything else sucked.  Alligator sausage sandwich was inedible Service was so bad ,  drinks came out after food ...po boys were cold and lousy. Fried foods were greasy and and cold...ohh and the doorman /bouncer gave me an attitude upon entry.  Then shot us dirty looks all night.  Go some place better.I ordered the Pecan Crusted Gulf Fish. It tasted fine, didn't knock my socks off or anything but it was catfish... not very Gulf-like.My husband and I stepped up to the hostess and for several seconds she ignored us but I was glad we still stayed for dinner.  Though the restaurant was closing in less then 30 minutes, we were not rushed through dinner, the meal arrive fresh and hot and was absolutely scrumptious.  
I'm posting this review late... about a month late.  I don't know if I posted pictures (I hope I did) but I do remember the kindness that was shown to my husband and i but the staff. 
If you check in, you will get a free dessert!!!! Yummy rice bread/ pudding was delicious!!!We ate at this restaurant, it was right in the French Quarter. It was hot & humid, so the air conditioning here felt amazing! The gumbo was really yummy, and the crawfish boil was delicious with a lot of crawfish. My hubby ordered the Seafood Platter and the portion was huge! The service was good & quick. This is a nicer restaurant, there was one group of young ladies being really loud & disturbing, and the manager went over right away and asked them to bring it down. All in all I would definitely go back here.Outdoor dining on a beautiful Friday afternoon in the French Quarter! Sunshine and iced tea for starters. I had the sampler trio...red beans and rice, crawfish etouffee, and andouille gumbo. All was really good and very flavorful. My wife had the knife and fork Cobb salad. It was tasty and Very large. Service was professional and courteous. A pleasant casual dining experienceFood was average.  Shrimp, oysters, and crab cakes were much smaller than the offerings at other nearby places.  There are lots of better options on Bourbon.  The best part was the free appetizer offer for checking in.  This place is not terrible but probably won't be back.Came here on Christmas night and there was a long line to get in, but it was worth the wait.  Our server was brand new to waiting tables and we were concerned that he wouldn't be competent, but he proved to be great.  We started with the sautéed crab claws with Texas toast.  The sauce was a white garlic sauce with shallots that you sop up with toast and you suck the sauce from the little crab claws.  It was so flavorful that we needed more toast to finish up the sauce!  My wife ordered stuffed shrimp and linguine noodles with shrimp.  She loved it!  I had the oyster po boy with fries.  There aren't many ways to go wrong with a po boy and they hit the mark with it.  The only complaint I have with it is that there was no special dressing on it.  There was ketchup and mayo on the table and I'm assuming that that's how the po boys are made down here.  The oysters were not over cooked which often happens when you get fried oysters.  I will definitely go back there when I'm in the area.Great service! Nice atmosphere. Fries are nice and crunchy, stuffed shrimp were good, stuffed shrimp pasta was good as well. Crab claw appetizer sauce is delicious!!!!We only went here because of a free appetizer coupon we got from Yelp. That turned out to be the best part of the meal. We ordered the fried Shrimp. For the entree I got thr blackened Chicken which was very dry. My friend got the gator poe boy and he said it was good but the bread was dry. Our server only came to took our orders and we never ssaw him again. He never gave us waters or anything to drink.Expensive drinks which were very watered down and made incorrectly, although when we went back and requested new ones they were much better - I'm sure the extra $10 tip helped.  Now my buddy and his wife had lunch upstairs the day before and said it was decent, and their waiter brought them a bag of beads to throw off the balcony which was a nice gesture.Horrific service. Weekly visitor to NOLA for business came in solo. Waited ten minutes for a waitress and then over forty minutes for a simple order of grilled drum. Needless to say, I won't be back.We enter the bar area glad to have found 2 seats at the end and close to the door so we could see all the entertainment of Bourbon st while having a beer and getting what we thought would just be a snack.  We were welcomed by Sam who was working behind the bar.  Sam is in his 50's, charming, friendly, welcoming and made us feel like we were regulars at his table. We ordered raw oysters and a charbroiled oysters. Then we couldn't help ourselves we had to have another order of raw oysters. We ended up meeting more friends of Sam's visiting from our beloved chicago. We are actually planning on going back today for dinner we had such angreat time! !Our server changed twice because the first forgot about us. We waited over an hour, when our food arrived it was cold, I don't want to risk eating fish cold so I ate the warm parts. When my gf left to the restroom because she felt sick we just wanted to pay and leave, I felt bad because the waitress asked if I didn't like it, being a non confrontational guy I just made an excuse that we were in a rush. And paid. But definetly will not come here. This was sadly the worst restaurant we've visited on our trip. PS: there were seriously 9 tables ranging between 2-5 people per table.Try the sautéed crab claws!!  We just stopped in for a to-go order of boiled shrimp. Had two delicious hurricanes. Jonathan, our bartender, was most accommodating.  We'll be back to try more food!Great food, cool atmosphere and quick, attentive service. Great place to have quality food. Charbroiled oysters were out of this world. Highly recommended!!This place has great food and a great atmosphere.  I got the ribs, which were tender and tasty.  My husband got the seafood platter.  We would highly recommend this place.The oysters were pretty good. They aren't the best to be found in the Quarters, but the prices per dozen are good. 
At the bar, Try the sweet potato Stout from Mississippi. It's a winner! The bartenders are great, and they make a nice sazerac :-)We ate here for dinner the other night.  The location is really good being on Bourbon Street. I love people watching. 
The service was just "OK". My food wasn't that great. I had the Fried Shrimp, French Fries, and Fried Onion Rings. Fried Fried Fried!!!  Way too much fried food on a plate. The breading wasn't that great on the Shrimp. I was very disappointed. 
We won't be back. Too many other great places to eat at in NOLA.This place is kind of a hidden gem, it sits on Bourbon Street. From the looks of it you would think it's just an average restaurant amongst a sea of many. However, once you go in prepare for the ride of your life. Our waitress Caroline was THE BEST Bourbon Street has to offer. We started off with the sautéed crab claws, this dish makes you want to order the sauce only and take it home.....and  do some things!!! We couldn't get enough of it. For our entree we both had the stuffed shrimp alfredo, wowzers I've never had pasta this good before. Wish we could have finished it all, I will be in New Orleans for a few weeks and definitely plan to visit this gem again before leaving.Can't review to food but service was terrible.  Walked into this place at noonish on a 
Thursday, we were seated right away. There was only 3 other tables with guest!  Waited 15 minutes with no server appearing.......3 were standing and talking (2women and 1 man). No one came over!! So we left.....Never again. Tried this place twice to give it another chance. The only thing I enjoyed was the scallop Cesar salad. Steamed shrimps and steamed crab legs were disgusting and the boiled corn and potatoes had more salt than being cooked in beach sand. The cook was also not very nice.Food was below average and overpriced, but I guess that's what you get for going to dinner in the most touristy area.  Our waiter was attentive and very friendly, though, which is why I gave it more than one star. I'd say skip out on this place if you want really good food in NOLA, but check it out if you're pressed for time and need to eat on Bourbon St.The appetizers and drinks were my favorite. Really good. The entrees were okay but there are some restaurants nearby that were better.Had a dozen charbroiled oysters today that were amazing! The cheese was even golden on the edges, the perfect amount of parmesean. Got crawfish cream sauce, a suggestion from Damien the bartender, on my blacked fish and it made it complete. I couldn't imagine that dish without it. Damien was also super attentive to my needs and made sure I stayed happy and my cup stayed full. I highly recommend it!I was in the mood for oysters and stopped in for a snack.  The restaurant wasn't too busy at the time, but there were quite a few people sitting at the bar.  I sat at an open stool and looked around to see if I could find a menu.  There was 1 bartender behind the bar but she never greeted us.  There was an unpleasant smell as I sat there that never faded away.  After about 20 minutes of waiting, I left to find oyster elsewhere.  The great thing about the French Quarter is the options available.
....| \      _  , , , - - , ,  _  ,      
.../  , ` . - ' ` '             . _   \ -  ;  ;  ;  , _    
..| ,  a  -   )   ) _         . ; .  (   ` - ` -  ' - '   
'  - - - ' ' ( _ / . _ ) - ' ( _ \ _ )Delicious! Sat at the bar & server was awesome! Bloody Mary's were great & made with Tito's vodka. Had the NOLA bites (heaven in your mouth), charbroiled oysters (DELICIOUS), and crab claw appetizer (awesome). Will definitely come back.I really have not had many bad experiences while visiting NO and this wasn't an exception. We dropped by this place twice. First time we got off of a tour from Cajun Encounters (highly recommended), and stumbled upon this place.
Buddy had the salmon salad and I had the crab cake (?), whatever the waitress recommended I went with, I was also highly buzzed at the time, but of sound mind =). 
We started off with some oysters on the half shell, they were very very good, nothing like La Bayou (read my review about their fantastic oysters) but still very very fresh and tasty, still better and significantly cheaper than anything I have had up and down the West Coast, from SD all the way up to Vancouver, Canada. 
Salad was good to my friend, my crab cakes were very good, a tinge pricey but then again it was the FQ. Overall, this place deserved a solid 4 stars. If you read any of my reviews you know I am usually picky, but as I said earlier, this trip to NO was filled with great food and great service. Second time we stumbled in was after one too many drinks, we were seated but I had them change the order to go and the waiter did so very promptly and without issue. I would frequent this establishment again and again, good place tGood service and all, but the food was mediocre. Red beans and rice....I found out after I didn't eat them that the waitress didn't really care for them either. Yay.  The etoufee was pretty good, as was the gumbo. Oysters and apps were fair. You can do way better in NOLA, but you will pay the ultimate price of waiting in a line from hell. Wasn't doing that today.I stumbled across Pier 424 when looking for a bite to eat on our first night in NOLA. The menu and prices looked good and there were a fair amount of people in the restaurant so we decided to give it a try. It took a while for us to order because the wait staff was pretty MIA. When we finally ordered the food took a while to come out but when it did it was ok. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything to write home about. I had gotten the shrimp po-boy and there was just nothing exciting about. That all said and done I would have given this place three stars, but when we tried to get the bill, everything fell apart. 
We had gotten a free app thanks to the Yelp app, but when we got the bill it was still on there. Mind you, it took probably 20 minutes to actually get our bill when we hunted down our waitress to ask for it. She apologized and took back the bills to fix them. 30 minutes later (no exaggeration) the manager came by with our bills and didn't acknowledge the long wait until I complained. It was pretty unbearable. I think there are so many good places in NOLA with better service that I don't think I would go again.Great food bad service waiter left for 1hour  and waiter wasn't very knowledgeable of productOur first meal in New Orleans. Fried alligator po' boy and seasoned fries. Service was great, good value, and the food was a good way to start our trip. I wish I had tried something more adventurous but I was satisfied.First time to New Orleans and French Quarters. Pier 424 was the first restaurant we had dinner at and our visit was amazing. Staff was great and the food is super d duper delicious.Had the creole pasta and Cobb salad. Food was average. However, the ambience was nice. Not your typical Bourbon street eatery.We had the shrimp platter and split it between 2. Let's just say we took 75% if it to go and still couldn't finish it that night. It was all fried so maybe that had something to do with it but it was def tasty.The staff at this place made me score them low. The host took my name down and then left for a while and never updated us. Also the host never told us that our whole party needed to be there so we ended up waiting 45 minutes when we said they would be coming later and there were at least 10 tables of 4 open. The people at the bar were not personable and took several minutes to ask us what we wanted. The waitress was the worst! She spoke down to us and had a horrible attitude and it took forever to get our food. The food was mediocre at best (ordered the same thing at another restaurant and was much better). Would no recommend this place to any one.We were visiting Nee Orleans for a long weekend. We stopped here Sunday night before heading to a ghost tour. The service was terribly slow. We waited an hour for our meals. The food was equivalent to something you would get at a chain restaurant. We ordered gator tails, oysters, crab cake and shrimp Alfredo, and an angus burger. I would not recommend this place.The ocean crusted catfish and shrimp and grits were both savory and excellent. Our waitress,Erika was exceptionally welcoming and attentive..Not one of the best restaurants we visited.  In my opinion, the foods need more spices.  
The waitress is very nice.Great service 
Slow to get food although it's probably the New Orleans normal slow pace compared to California 
Bland food with no flavor. Fried oysters were fresh but still had an occasional shell bit or two that was fried along with the oyster. Slightly stale French bread and no aioli. So the Oyster Po Boy sandwich was dry and bland. Worst Chicken sausage Jambalaya... Dry and without any slow cooked stew flavor. 
Soggy French Fries
I wouldn't come back here again. The only reason that I am even giving two stars is because of the friendly waiterThe food I had was terrible.  I ordered crawfish it was over done so much I had to send it back. And I never send food back. So then I ordered crab claws and they were rubbery and Luke warm. I'm sure it was a bad moment. But for the amount of money I sent. I would never come back or recommend this place to anyone.We were looking for dinner on Bourbon St. and ended up here. I loved the free appetizer offer so we got some crab cakes. They were pretty good. Then onto the meal, friend shrimp and boiled shrimp. Unfortunately the boiled shrimp could barely be peeled so I wouldn't do that again. The fried shrimp was, well, friend shrimp. Nothing exceptional but the staff was nice and apologetic.Food was great. Right on bourbon street and an agreeable contrast to the madness outside. Our waiter, brad (i think) was cheery and accommodating. Got the free appetizer with yelp and all went smoothly. Skewered shrimp, Charbroiled oysters, alligator po boy, and a Cajun spiced bowl of steamed mussels with andouille sausage. All reasonably priced. Highly recommended if you're a seafood fan.Sam is a staple in this restaurant! We sat at the oyster bar for our very first time having oysters and Sam made the experience all the better! Hands down the best oysters on Bourbon Street! Come on in for some true Southern Hospitality!Was looking for some authentic Cajun cooking. Found this place online while walking the French quarter. Ordered an appetizer of crab spinach dip was was just just like any other dip I've tasted at a restaurant chain. Ordered the gumbo, crawfish étouffée, red beans and rice combo. All were good but nothing special.  I also ordered oysters which were terrible and had pieces of shell in the oysters, I did not finish. My girlfriend got the Cajun pasta which was pretty creamy and zesty.  Decided to have dessert elsewhere. Overall, if I'm looking to get more authentic flavor I would take my business elsewhere.Service was decent. We were seated immediately and our waitress was very polite and prompt. The food was eh, hence the rating. It was good enough, but nothing to rave about. My husband ordered the crab cake & shrimp Alfredo. Very tasty, and the crab cake was very meaty, but I honestly could've gotten something just as good at Olive Garden. Just didn't scream authentic New Orleans cuisine. I ordered the New Orleans trio & subbed the red beans and rice for jambalaya. The crawfish etouffee was pretty bland. Tasted really buttery and soupy. The gumbo was awful. Too much file and there was too much of some kind of herb or spice I can't quite put my finger on, but it was overpowering. The jambalaya was the star of the show actually, but one out of three was not enough to make me want to keep eating it. So I sent it back and just went with the safe option, the crab cake shrimp Alfredo. All in all, I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're on Bourbon St. late at night and looking for a hot meal that isn't stale pizza or some salty chicken shack. I more than likely won't be back though.We were able to sit on the balcony and eat. It was the perfect spot to eat and people watch for my first night in NOLA. our waitress wAs on top of it and always made sure we were taken care of. I had the fried shrimp Po boy and it was the best one I had in town. I had several while on my trip and this was by far the best.Love this place, the service was great and all the workers were very nice. We came in a large group and they handled us very well. They have a great atmosphere and is located right in the middle of bourbon, but it still has a great the restaurant feel. All of the drinks we got were made well and were definitely worth the money. The fresh shucked oysters were delicious as were the charbroiled. I ordered the fried crawfish po-boy which was absolutely delicious, others ordered the seafood platter, lobster, fresh fish and more and everyone loved their meals. For dessert we had the pier pieces, boston cream pie, and fruit tart (which is more of a chocolate mouse with filo dough and fresh berries) which were all equally good. I cannot wait to go back again, and would recommend this place to anyone looking for a good casual place with a good atmosphere to eat at while in the quarter.The most uninspired food I've ever been served. Salads all with iceberg lettuce. Need I say more?Food was ok. My friend ordered the Shrimp Creole and didn't really like it. I ordered the bbq burger and it came with fries instead of onion rings. Also never got our appetizer, apparently it was sent to another table until we complained about it. I was going to give it 2 stars but am giving it 3 because the manager talked to us and comped my meal.We were looking for some oysters, came across this place because we wanted to be able to sit and rest our tired waking feet haha. The fancy expensive clown fish cocktail was delicious and the steak I ordered (not a seafood person) was really big and good, I wasn't a fan of the crunch veggies but the fries were good.  The oysters were a good price, they were a bit on the small side but good! The service was pretty slow and it was kinda dark inside. Also the restaurant sound/music was competing with the drumming street musicians out on burbon street. Overall pretty decent, but pricey if you're getting food, drinks, and apps.Pass on this place. It's really only a 2 star because it was like 2am and it was entertaining. The waitress broke a glass behind me, it fell under my chair all busted up and she left it and said just be careful. That's pretty gangster right. Whatever though, I wear shoes.  Nola bites tasted like bourbon Street smells....shit.  Alligator tails were certainly not alligator and if they were they weren't the tail.  Might have been gator dongs. Do Gators have dongs, they probably do and I wasn't looking to eat one. Oysters were OK though. Check it out for yourself.The Best!!! Love the fish PoBoy and Gumbo!! Waitress was amazing!! Will go back... Amazing Thank you!!Turtle soup, frog legs, crawfish étouffée, gumbo,red beans and rice...we got our swamp on and we loved it.  Loved it all.  Superb.  Food and staff was A+.  Keep in mind we went for an early lunch when the restaurant wasn't too busy!  Delicious!My husband and I found this place by pure luck! Crab Cakes...delicious! Shrimp...were the best I ever had! There was so much flavor in them! Next time and every time I visit New Orleans I will definitely make it for dinner here! We sat outside. The service was great and even though there was construction on Bourbon I didn't care because my food was amazing!We had just eaten prior so we weren't really that hungry.  It was really busy and the service is bad, but the waiter kept apologizing so I guess it made it a little better.  We had to ask about our drink 3 times before it was served to us.  He said that the bartender was new and her first busy shift.
We ordered the Alaskan King Crab leg w/ cajun season.  The corn was amazing.  I didn't see any seasoning on it, but it was perfectly salted and spicy.  It was the most spicy corn I've ever had.  My lips went numb for a bit.  Everything else was blah.   The crab was slightly salty- definitely needed to dip it in butter, which is usually not how I like to eat my crabs.  I'm a purist and only use a little lemon normally.   It also came with red boiled potatoes which absolutely had no flavor.  Maybe it was because we had the corn first.Loved it!!! Took a chance on new place! Shrimp and grits ... Love!!! Almost a corn chowder over it. Red beans and rice was really good.. A sweet version that I really liked!! Service great !Yummy food! Strong drinks! But a very odd silly waiter, only okay because we're in Nola! ;-)