This is a cool pirate bar in a neat alley that is easily missed. I would stop here every time i visit. The bartenders were very friendly as well. Ask them what the history is behind the building.Great place to stop in for a crisp Abita beer on tap, then move along to your next shopping destination. Though I wouldn't mind stopping in to try one I their snack options next time...I like this place because it's Not on Bourbon Street. Tucked away at the end of Pirates Alley, bartenders wear pirate outfits. You must try an Absinthe, don't worry you won't hallucinate. I didn't, but I only had one. Totally enjoyed cold chillin and secretly eavesdropping on a group of locals. Now, that's better. Ahhhhh......Good little spot, proper absinthe pour which is not too common at all. A bit touristy but hey, when in Rome. CheersThis is one of those hole the wall places that you just have to experience. There is nothing grand about it, but we always make it a point to have a drink here on each visit to New Orleans, and we always have a great time. It seems no matter when we are there, the bar is filled with the friendliest people. Now, to say the bar is filled means about 10 people. Its a wee little place with a few bar stools and even fewer chairs/tables. It's a great place to sit, relax and have a drink. My husband and I took shelter here one night when it was pouring and had the best time! It was so stormy out and there were about 10 people in the bar and we all just laughed and had great interesting conversation. Something about the intimacy and the unavoidable proximity to every one else makes it seem like everyone is old friends.I adore this place! My mom really wanted to try absinthe (as a passionate hater of black licorice, I was a bit apprehensive), and I picked this place for us. Mostly because of its location and vibe. I'm very pleased with my choice, because it was a great experience.
The staff was very friendly and fun, and there were only a handful of people in there, discussing The Walking Dead (which I still haven't gotten around to watching). One of them was a bearded guy (kryptonite) with a shirt that said "I love tattooed girls," and I still had a bandage on my fresh tattoo. I should have married him, clearly. But hey, this isn't Craigslist.
The long haired blonde bartender was AMAZING. I wish I remembered her name. She made me a sazerac to my taste, and she gave my mom the full absinthe experience, including a history lesson while preparing the drink. She was awesome, and she made the experience great.
Another employee offered to share his Hot Tamales with me, which is another plus in my book.Nice quant little place. It had the best absinthe in town. The atmosphere was great and very inviting.Great drinks and Puck the bartender is great!  She knows her history so not only do you get great service yummy drinks but you also get to learn something new.The bar is tiny and the drinks are standard but being able to sit out on the alley, at dusk, while the cathedral looms in the background is just enough to get me coming back again and again.Great little spot located on the corner, to grab a beer and sit at the quaint bar or outside on their patio. They do not have a large variety of liquor but enough to make a Pimm's cup! Very dive-bar atmosphere with low expectations. Just chill here and enjoy your beverage of choice, along with a pirate theme.It's so cheesy that you appreciate how cheesy it is after a couple of cocktails.
Yeah, this is a super small *blink and you'll miss it* bar in Pirate's Alley. Yeah, the female bartenders are trussed up like wenches. Yeah, they serve Absinthe. Yeah. the whole place has a pretty "toursity" feel, but by the time you venture into this place none of that is going to bother you.
The place is small and cozy and tends to get packed, but there is seating outside, so what are you complaining about? They serve Absinthe and it comes with a whole fancy story that is intended for tourists but if you're a local, I'm sure you will appreciate it as well. I like it here because it feels like a secret hideout, since it's in alley. Cash only, sucka.Gross, over priced, rude bartenders. Don't waste your time. Plenty of other bars in the area, better keep walkingPirates Alley is a rare quiet corner tucked away off of a French Quarter side street. 
I'd definitely recommend stopping in to try an absinthe.Fantastic atmosphere and fantastic drinks. They really spend time making your drink to make it perfect.Great spot for great absinthe.  Actually it is one of my original 'stumble upons' in Nola, and i go back every time I'm in town.  They used to light the drinks on fire (apparently that isn't very classy, but is fun), until someone got lit on fire... although they won't talk about the 'incident' anymore.  Great bartenders, only cash - even a nice lost and found cough cough..Great atmosphere . Laid back and fun. Friendly servers. This is a must stop every time we come through herequick review for a tiny bar.
i like this place. they mix a good drink, they have tables outside , it's all very comfy and cozy, and it isn't on bourbon street. 
i like it, i recommend it, and i will returnMy wife and I always end up here everytime we visit NOLA. It's a fun place with good drink prices, a great location, a clean bathroom, cool outdoor seating in the alley, and absinthe.After a morning and early afternoon shopping, I stopped in here to cool off and grab a drink while my daughter shopped the bookstore next door.  Figured this was an excellent chance to try absinthe for the first time.  The place is small, but has a great feel to it.  The barmaid was friendly and talkative.  Can't say I will ever be a fan of absinthe, but I will check this place out again the next time I am in NOLA.First came here before it started selling absinthe. Always loved the quaint, hole in the wall, bohemian-esque atmosphere (and the people frequenting it). Tucked away in an alley, it's like finding buried treasure.Small, smoking outside only, and a great absinthe set up.  Our barkeep not only took her time to explain to us the process of preparing the drink, but also chatted away with her customers, regular and first timers.  Very relaxed, a great place to go before braving the "slightly" more intense Bourbon street.The absinthe is sickening, but that's why we stopped in here. The pirate costumes are great and it's really a place you want to stop when you visit NOLA for the first time, but I'm thinking that the second or third time you stop in, it's better to drink an Abita. The prices vary based on customer so make sure you wear your best Pirate outfit when you stop in. It'll be a quick stop and when you're done, head to the book shop a few steps away and buy one of Anne Rice's vampire novels. Hey, when in NOLA...Just ordered a sazarac...really the worst! it was almost clear...where was the sazarac whiskey. Stay clear, clip joint. RIP OFFI really like this bar.  I had a lot of fun.  So much fun that my ability to verbalize has been severely diminished.Oh Pirate Bar...how I miss you!
This is my absolute favorite New Orleans bar. You can't beat the atmosphere (if you're into pirates that is) and the staff is always friendly and often hilarious. Plus if you show up in full pirate gear no one will bat an eye!
Tony and Thais, the owners, are usually there during the day and they are sweet as can be. Thais also knows a ton about the history of absinthe, so if you're into it (I'm not a fan) go by and ask her about it sometime. 
Drinks are good, crowd is usually fun, and there's an outdoor seating area! The whole bar is tucked down and alley next to Jackson Square and close to everything. Great location, great people, great place!This is a super nice rather hidden bar with good drinks and pleasant staff.  Sometimes they're closed for no apparent reason.  Probably the best if not only reason to be in Pirate's ally after dark.It's a cool little place kinda off the beaten path. I have no problem with it being cash only even though I do find it a little archaic. I mean when some of your shots are $20 each you could probably earn a bigger bottom line by swiping people's cards. I mean the processing fees aren't that much compared to the higher average ticket you would accumulate. I personally went there with a group of 12 people who all only got one drink because we didn't have that much cash on them. I can honestly say the group I was with probably would've spent no less than $60-$80 per person if we could a used our cards. Now don't get me wrong I don't want to sound like a prude but when people are on vacation and if you have a brain you don't carry that much cash on you. I mean obviously you're doing something correct to be there as long as you have been. Just as a businessman I'm constantly thinking of the bottom line and how do I increase. By taking cash only it's definitely not the way. I find all that does is encourage dishonesty and creates bigger tips for the bartenders at the end of the night. But once again I'm not a prude and this will not discourage me from returning I just have to remember to bring cash next time around.There are a lot of bars in New Orleans, from the get-it-and-go Daiquiri Shops on Bourbon to the places that serve excellent, authentic, hand-made sipping-cocktails, with an atmosphere that makes you want to sit down and savor them.  Pirates Alley Café and Olde Absinthe House is one of the second.
We came for the Absinthe.  My friend had never tried it.   I had tried it at this place on a cocktail tour, and I thought it would be a good choice for her Absinthe Experience.  We were there on a quiet Tuesday afternoon.  Brooke delivered 100% both on the legend and the ritual of Absinthe, even going as far as discussing the subtle differences between different brands of Absinthe.  We sipped the first drink, then shared a Sazerac while chatting with Brooke and a local tour guide who was also enjoying the bar.  
The next day we returned for their version of a Hurricane.  They make a beautiful drink, in a tall glass, with fresh juices, coconut rum on the bottom, dark rum on top AND it tasted fantastic, unlike the Kool-Aid flavored booze you get at Pat O'Briens.  
All in all, I had 3 great experiences here, a rare find in the French Quarter.This is a good place if you're a newbie to absinthe.  The bartenders will give you  good history on the drink.  I would try the absinthe here before moving to the other absinthe places uptown or in other parts of the city.  It's not exactly the best quality but, it's a good $10-$20 intro to absinthe lesson.
They have a nice outdoor patio with a view of the cathedral and alley.  I liked sitting out there more than the bar area which looks divey and crowded.  They don't have table service so you'll end up at the bar area no matter what.
Lastly, it's right next to a cathedral - an active cathedral.  I find this a bit ironic.  New Orleans is one of the most indulgent and sinful cities that I've been to however, it's also one of the most Catholic cities I've seen.  Go figure.Strictly 3 stars cause no Ac. In a bar in New Orleans?! That's no good for me who sweats in 70 degree weather. But the drinks were good and fair priced. They seem to do absinthe here that is popular with cool water station for it. Neat to have a bar in an alley but get some Ac!Structurally this is just your basic corner bar in the Quarter, but it is located next to the fantastic Faulkner House Books, and sits in the shadow of St. Louis Cathedral, which gives the bar more of a literary edge than other Quarter bars may claim.  The outdoor seating area and cobblestone alley heightens the Old Word vibe.  Add in the fact that they make a deliciously dangerous sazerac and you might find yourself embarking on a bender with a higher than normal quotient of erudition.I really enjoyed my visit here. The decor is fun, the bar is small and intimate, the service is friendly, and the drinks are much more reasonably priced than on Bourbon Street. Pirates Alley Cafe is a wonderful place to relax before or after a tour, and don't forget to try the Toxic Baby (it tastes way better than it looks).Doing the tourist thing. Was referred to this bar by a local who served us lunch in a French Quarters restaurant.  The bar is a small quaint open air place where the bar is the only place to sit unless you prefer outside.  Loved the atmosphere and conversation with the knowledgeable bar staff on absente and other drinks.  Will return to this bar.Go for the experience and to try or see absinthe being poured it's pretty cool. The bartender is very nice. But....the beer us pretty bad. You can see the keg lines and they are not clean.Fabulous!! What a great vibe and the bartenders/pirates are extremely friendly and fun. I have nothing negative at all to say about this gem.Have you ever tried Absinthe?  The Pirates Alley Cafe is a MUST-STOP for any serious imbiber (is that a word?).  New Orleans folklore meets "history in a bottle" meets Pirates Alley which is said to be haunted.  Now top that for a New Orleans experience!   
This is THE place to try Absinthe.  This licorice liquor while not my drink of choice, is a necessary try for anyone interested in the history of drinking, cocktails, and who has an adventurous spirit.  Absinthe, with its legendary allure, used to have psychotropic properties, which is a nice way of saying it used to have cocaine in it.  While made illegal and the recipe altered, the history of strange phenomena surrounding the imbibing of Absinthe remains.  What better place than Pirates Alley than to give it a try.  This place has a small bar, but off the beaten path, and rarely packed.  You will get personalized service, and some stories too!Really cool absinthe bar tucked in Pirates Alley off Jackson Square. The bartenders are costumed as pirates and know how to entertain the crowd. They have absinthe cocktails as well as others. One in particular is odd in a good way, called the Brain Hemorrhage (or something like that). There is limited indoor and outdoor seating.Drinking Rum before 10am makes you a Pirate, not an Alcoholic... That's why I chose to indulge in this little bar.   It's a cozy little bar with excellent service, and clean restrooms!   A pirate's life for me!   
Ohh, don't forget your gold!   This is a CASH ONLY sippin' holeDefinitely would not come again. Had potential but the bartender changes prices for drinks by the whim.1. Cash only, but they have an ATM inside.
2. Calmer and quieter than anywhere on Bourbon Street.
3. The decor is pretty cool.
4. Absinthe drinks!Yeah, this place is way cool.  Use to go here regularly when I lived in NOLA.  Tucked away, next to Jackson square.  Pirates Alley serves up a great brie plate(do they still have it?)  And pretty good wine.  Outdoor seating is nessesary or else only 7 people would be able to eat at a time.  It's filled with candlelight, and kind of spooky :)  During the day noone is there, so if you want lunch, you'll get really good service.  I truly do miss this place.  It was dear to my heart at one time.  xoxoVisited the place at the new year's eve. Staff was rude and drinks were below average. Again staff was rude....
Sorry one little bad experience is enough for 1-star i will give a 2nd chance then we will see...This is still my favorite bar in the French Quarter.  They have an amazing fun staff - they have the adorable pink and blue toilet paper in the bathroom, and they have chartruse (and of course absinthe)
They have knowledgable people who work there, who are fun and the place is in the best location - far enough of bourbon street, and yet in the heart of the quarter.  A must stop!I'll spare you the pirate jokes.
Except to say that the bartender working here had the biggest pair of treasure chests I've ever seen.
I went here for one reason - to try absinthe.  I went during the day, about 89 degrees outside, soaked with sweat.  It's an open air cafe, so I didn't get much relief here.
I approached the bar and tried to look the lady in the eyes.
"Absinthe, please."
"We have (she rattled off three or four different kinds)."
"What kind do you recommend?"
"I hate all of it."
Awkward silence.
"Just give me the last one."
And that she did.  With the grace and care of Rosie the Riveter on an assembly line, she plopped the glass down, poured some green liquid in, and set a sugar cube on fire.  
"That'll be ten bucks, babe."
Okay, so it was two o'clock in the afternoon on a Sunday.  I guess you should go at night if you want flair.
The absinthe itself was fun to watch, and drink.  Mission accomplished.
The bar/cafe is super small inside, but they do have a bathroom.  That earns them an extra star.
All in all, I'm glad I stopped by.  I don't think I'd stop in on a crowded Saturday night, but it served its purpose for me.
Viva l'absinthe!I can't say enough good things about this place.  My husband and I visited New Orleans over Memorial Day Weekend (with a few days on either side) and ended up going here every day for a drink or three.  Service in NOLA is spotty at best, but every bartender here was friendly, kind, and very attentive - which is saying a lot considering that the drink they're known for (absinthe) is a production to make for the dozens of people who come in for it every night.  We felt totally comfortable and at home there, and enjoyed taking a break from being tourists to sit and watch the action outside.  Not to mention that the building and alley have such an amazing history.  If you go to NOLA you should NOT miss this place - trust me, you'll fall in love with it as much as we did!!!  
To the bartenders who served us (Jill, Shaye, and the really awesome girl from Portland whose name I can't remember) thanks for making our trip that much better!!One of the best bars in NOLA.  The absinthe rocks.  Located down a dark alley...you feel like you stepped back in time a few hundred years to this secret place.  Pirates Alley is small, warm, dark and kind of bizarre place...you feel like you are dreaming when  you are there....must be the absinthe.  Not sure about food....they were all out of it after Mardi Gras...good thing we called ahead....but they recommended the Gumbo Shop....which turned out to be the perfect late nite stop before we got here.  This place does not feel touristy. I will be back here for sure!Their take on a sazerac was dreadful (topped with soda- very watered-down). 
Not the friendliest service.
Only saving graces- absinthe fountain (I wasn't having absinthe at 12:30 in the afternoon however)
and
great location in Pirate's Alley.This divey bar is located in the French quarters. If you want French absinthe, this is the place to come. Just make sure you have cash, this is a cash only bar. If you don't, there is an atm located at the back of the bar. The turn off for me was the customer service. Our bartender was clearly unhappy that she was working and she put this negativity energy on us and all the patrons. Maybe that was part of the theme of this dive bar? Make sure the customers get pissed off and only stay for one drink to get more people in? Although this could be their strategy, I might be giving them to much credit. Cute place to check out if you're in town. However, I have no desire to return.This place is very small but they have a wide selection of absinthe. I also had a rum drink which was pretty average. What I liked most was the atmosphere in the place. It's located in the French quarters and went here during a tour. They do not accept cash but have an ATM.Nice place to chill rest your soul after a long day wandering around the French Quarter and it's down an alley beside the cathedral. 
Their big sell is the absinthe, but they also sell beer and wine. Nice place to chill, with locals & tourists popping in for a few. The staff is friendly, and it's a nice relaxing atmosphere, plus they have outdoor seating if you want to smoke. They also have a limited snack selection.On my yearly crusade to the Big Easy I always come with a list of "must dos", this year a genuine absinthe experience was on my list and this place did not disappoint. 
We ducked out of the rain into the muggy and dank bar, the dim lights set the stage perfectly for our tasting. We plopped down at the bar and ordered 2 kinds of Absinthe. The bar tender was a complete joy and gave us the full experience. She talked all about the libation and its history and the proper way to serve and enjoy it. She poured ours over the sugar cube, to a match to the cube, and let it burn. The eerie blue flame was mesmerizing as we both let out a quiet, "oooo". Next she let little droplets of water fall through the melted sugar creating a swirl effect in the glass which is called "seeing the green fairy". She even put lights under our glasses so we could see it better. Finally we could taste. Mine was a bit sharper, the anise flavor was very apparent, my friends was much smoother and sweeter. 
Overall the adventure topped my list of favorite things to do in the city. It is such a nostalgic and unique thing to do, I highly reccomend paying a visit and seeing the green fairy for yourself!Celebrated our engagement here immediately after it happened, so obviously this is my favorite. It's off Bourbon St. and much less crowded. Neat little day drinking spot!Still get carded, but still love this place. took my parents here when they came for my law school graduation, having not been to nola in decades (one of them anyway). great bloodies, right by jackson square, and quintessential new orleans. i will come back any and every time i'm in nola.Cool little hidden gem off the beaten path.  The bartender is an absinthe wiz...she knew everything about it and they make it the traditional way with a water drip.  For me I prefer the absinthe in the champagne since I am not a big licorice fan.  
This is a little hole in the wall bar, no food and a small menu of beers/cocktails.  Loved it.Awesome fun little dive. Pirate themed drinks and Caribbean style music. The bartenders were funny and friendly. Grab a drink and a seat outside for prime people watching!I really can't just get past how uncomfortable myself and the group I was with were made to feel.  While I'm waiting for colleagues to arrive, I'm sitting at one of the tables outside.  I hadn't ordered yet because as soon as my group arrives, we might have to run only to return later.  One other table is occupied, but otherwise, it's empty.  Some guy dressed as a pirate and carrying an empty cup remarks to me, "We don't have table side service, you have to come in to order a drink."  I suppose this was a comment to get me to order a drink, instead of sitting on a table, but it made me feel rather uncomfortable for no reason.   I wasn't taking up valuable table space or anything.  Practically no one was there at the time.
Once we finish working, we decide to go to Pirates Alley Cafe for drinks.  The place is absolutely crowded now, but we were all able to find a nice table outside to sit.  Then a guy comes up to us trying to sell us beads, the SAME "pirate" comes out and starts yelling at the guy, making everyone at my table uncomfortable and giving us all sort of a bad vibe.  Killing the jovial mood pretty fast.
Also, why the costumed staff?  It's ridiculous.  I don't know if I've ever felt this uncomfortable at a bar.  A drink is a drink, but really I'm not going to go to a bar that makes me feel awkward.Nice quiet place to enjoy a drink and the Quarter.  Had the $20 French Absinthe.    Not anything exciting IMHO.  The Mojito I had next was much, much better.  Will be back next time I'm in town.So I randomly ran into my aunt and uncle (and their friends) on Halloween as they were heading to one of my uncle's favorite bars in the FQ. Of course, they couldn't miss me as I was the one in the enormous Mad Hatter hat.
Who knew my Ohio (but Louisiana born) uncle loved this place? And why? Because he likes their absinthe service...which was a bit off (plastic cups) on Halloween night but still. I have no idea what sort of absinthe was served as I am not a fan. But if you're looking to drink the formerly forbidden drink in the shadow of the cathedral than this is the place for you. 
It's a great location and off the beaten path a bit. Sitting outside and watching and commenting on everyone's costumes was a great end to my Halloween festivities. My favorite costume? A girl who was the travel gnome and her costume was mostly yarn and posterboard. Supercreative.
I think the last time I stopped in a this place, it was more of a restaurant...or maybe that was because it was during the day. Sometimes FQ memories can be a bit hazy, y'know.Megan was a friendly bartender. We stumbled our way off bourbon street and were so happy to find this low key bar. Plus we learned all about absinthe and tried it! Pretty good!After chatting it up with my hotel bartender, he recommended going to Pirates Alley Cafe to have some Absinthe...so haven't had Absinthe since my last trip to NOLA.  If you know anything about Absinthe...respect the green fairy cause she will bite you in the arse if you don't.  Basic rule sip it nice and slow.  I think the most entertaining thing is sitting outside and people watch as you sip the green fairy...trust me, the bf didn't respect the green fairy and paid for it the following day! :)The absinthe drink is good, although I was a bit disappointed that they had only two brands- and the prices... !!!   that's why the stars. 
The atmosphere is great- kinda makes you feel like pirates would come in anytime.This place was recommended by a friend who traveled to NOLA a few years ago. The bartender went through the whole absinthe process with the sugar cube and dripping water, which was a cool experience to see. The absinthe was pretty good but the bartender was not. She was not friendly at all and came off very judgmental and pretentious - rolling her eyes, condescending remarks, etc, but was very friendly when it came time to pay. My group of friends are not obnoxious by all means - 3 out of 8 of us were not drinking since we were hungover. We were asking her questions about the absinthe to get a little background information, but it seemed like she didn't want to be bothered by us. The bar wasn't even busy. We came the day after Mardi Gras, so maybe she was disgruntled and jaded by all the tourists. Also, she commented on how she enjoys taking money from drunk people to her friends. She must really think she is a pirate.
The bar had a good vibe, but the bartender was the worst (she had black hair and left sleeve tattoo). After our visit, we saw that there were similar complaints. We aren't taking it personally. Enter at your own risk. The service was bad enough that we wouldn't go back nor recommend to a friend.So, this place has serviceable drinks and seems alright in general, but I think the bartender tried to scam me. I guess "tried" is an understatement, because she succeeded.
My boyfriend, his parents, and I stopped by here to kill some time before our dinner reservations. We just moved to town and his parents have been coming to New Orleans since the 60s, so they wanted to show us around. We sat down and someone accidentally knocked over my boyfriend's mother's glass of wine. I immediately went inside to get another. Now this place is cash only and the wine was $5. I gave the bartender two 5s so she could make change out of one for the tip. She looked down at them and then put them both into the till, and then turned around and deliberately started talking to other customers and studiously ignoring my efforts to get her attention. 
I'm ashamed to say that since I didn't want to cause a bigger fuss with my tense future parents-in-law in sight, I walked away. I doubt that any bartender expects a $5 tip on a $5 drink though, so I'm pretty sure her move was deliberate, and I guess it works on suckers like me. 
I won't be going back. If you do, use caution.Pirate's Alley is worth the visit. It is hard to tell where the street ends and the bar begins which makes for a quickly rotating crowd which is great for people watchers. Lee, the bartender, is one of the best that's ever been.  She is cute, funny and friendly with great customer service skills. She keeps the place very clean. We met two guys from Holland and we were teaching them some New Orleans culture.  They were curious about what a Mint Julep is.  Lee made us one with Maker's Mark bourbon that was not overly sweet. It was so good we named it "Lee's Maker's Mint".Really great little spot, with the coolest bartender! I loved the ambiance and decor. Felt like a secret hideout for locals. We tried the absinthe, which isn't my thing (I don't like licorice), but the toxic baby was really really good! A bit intimidating with its black color, but it tasted girly! The bartender was sassy and flirty and made great drinks. Fun place!Little gem in the alley of French Quarter, tasty strong Absinthe , cute outdoor with Pirate vibe :-) I didn't try food, only came here to enjoy Absinthe and the outdoor. 
Sadly the outdoor sitting is all smoking and the heavy smoke flows around you, not much enjoyable if you are non smoker :-(I don't have much to say on this place. 
It's not grand and it's not completely whack. It's just Eh.. 
Once again, my friend suggested i check it out while in New Orleans, and have a Lucid Absinthe.  I''m not the biggest Absinthe fan but, i gave i a go anyway. It was fairly gross. But, the taste would have been the same if i had had it anywhere else so....  that's not saying much.
The atmosphere was, how shall i say it....? Lacking!
Nothing out of the ordinary about this place. I would not put this on the MUST SEE list when visiting, however, i would not advise against it either. Go if you want and don't be sad if you miss it. 
It seemed to be a place where the ghost tours end up. I have to admit, it was sorta fun eavesdropping on their conversations. But sadly, NONE of them where ghost related. However, there did seem to be lots of drama going on between the tour guides though. ;-)This place is totally cheesy. It is small, and has a single unisex restroom. Pirates Alley is right on the West side of the huge Cathedral in the Quarter. There will more than likely be homeless sleeping by the church nearby. This is a really small bar, and I am so sure the limit of people to be inside is maybe 20.
The first time I stopped by, a friend was visiting from out of state, and it was a warm Spring evening. There were several customers dressed like pirates that evening. The group I was with got several of them to come out and take a picture with us, and after, one of the guys actually said that we should buy them a beer as payment for the picture. The picture wasn't even taken on my camera. But whatever.
Most recently, another friend and I were walking around before a parade in the Quarter was going to start to have a drink to warm us up on a chilly January evening. It was mainly tourists just hanging out. The bartender was dressed as a wench. It was pretty cool, and not as packed as before.
It is cash only, they have an ATM that I am sure charges an exorbitant fee. It does feel like a secret hangout, seeing as how it is off the major streets in the Quarter, and totally just feels like a hole in the wall. This is a great place to take visitors if your tired of the major bars in the area.This place is so much fun, we didn't mind going back over and over again, in the hot humid August evenings, even though there is no air conditioning here. This is the home base for many of the ghost and vampire and graveyard tours in New Orleans, at an intersection of 2 alleys (the devil, we might remember, is to be found at old crossroads). There is absinthe to be had, traditional style, although the best choice in this old pirate's boat-factory-café is a taste of the old rums, straight or on the rocks. Next door in the back garden of the cathedral, we found a ghostly figure that kept looming larger the further away we walked.Zachary's pretty much got it summed up on this place, I'm just agreeing with him.  The place is cute in a quirky over-decorated kind of way.  It was also the only place we saw a substantial number of foreigners while in New Orleans.  I got a hurricane there because I hadn't had one yet and I wanted to get it over with.  OK, here's the thing: the bartender looked at me like I was an idiot, but then since they don't make them often (or maybe at all) she didn't have the mix handy and made it from scratch.  BEST DAMN HURRICANE EVER!!!  I'm gonna go back there and piss her off and order it again.
Also, they serve Absinthe there!  I don't know how they get away with it because of our stupid laws against it, but they do.  Personally, I've had absinthe in Europe and I think that if it wasn't illegal in most the world no one would pay it any bother - it kinda sucks.  However, you can go to this bar, choke down a glass, and have done something that would probably make you as rare or perhaps more rare than actual members of the mile high club.  
Overall, if I lived up the street, I'd drink at this place frequently.A true piece of NOLO, don't miss this place! Try the absinthe served the proper way with the sugar cube and ice water dripped from the fountain. Watch for the green fairies and enjoy. If absinthe isn't your thing try a refreshing Pimms cup instead! Cute place with some real pirate history!This is my favorite bar in town. I've been visiting Nola since I was a kid. So I've been to a lot of bars in and outside of the quarter. This place is tucked away down pirates alley. It's like a little escape in the middle of the quarter, it's super chill and a bit more quiet. My husband is a big fan of absinthe, they have a nice selection. The other drinks on the menu are Caribbean inspired, my favorite is the pirates punch, rum and fruity!! It's a small cute place, love the pirate decor!!The number one place to get Absinthe in the city!
Don't let Pirates Alley Cafe's eccentric decor and festive demeanor fool you, when it comes to serving Absinthe, it's all about class.  The knowledgeable bartenders serve you the green fairy in the traditional method using specialized spoons and water droppers to transform the bitter drink into something palatable yet potent.  Beware not to drink your glass too quickly or you'll be hit hard by the high alcohol content of your drink.  
Pirates Alley Cafe is also located at a prime history location, so ask your server about the rich history of merchants and pirates that traveled the area, searching for a strong drink.  
Friendly service, and beautifully strong drinks makes Pirates Alley Cafe a must visit for drink and history buffs alike!We had a good time here....you know once you find a good mellow bar to go to and a good bartender...it's all good. :)
We got a corner space and let the drinks come on!
We had Absinthe here and it was alright....I don't like the taste but my hubby finished mine up so it was all good.Ahoy!  This place is great!!  Tiny little bar with a great alley/patio seating area.  Definitely order the Green Fairy - not only is it cool to say you had Absinthe, but the whole drink-making process is great to watch.  Our bartender gave us a play-by-play and a history lesson.  Everyone was super friendly and made us feel like locals.  Arrrgh!This place was...interesting. First of all, it was TINY! It seems like all the ghost tours stop there, so it was also really crowded. We left the first time, but came back later when it was a bit slower. However, even though we got seats at the bar and were looking directly at the waitress for quite some time, it took her a really long time to start our absinthe drips. Almost like she kept forgetting us. 
I also kind of feel like this place is a bit misleading calling itself a "cafe" since that implies food and they really only offer pizza by the slice (and they don't actually offer that since someone tried to order it and the wench replied that she didn't have any, it would be at least 35-40 minutes, etc.). Also, for a place that basically prides itself on only absinthe, I thought it was weird that they only had TWO kinds of it...a $10 version and a $20 version. 
We had never had it before, so we just got the $10 versions. I have no idea if it was "good" or not since I have nothing to compare it too, but BOY does it taste like STRONG black licorice!! It looked cool when she was making it with the light and the sugar cube drip. I didn't personally really like it, but my husband liked it, and my friend LOVED it. She downed that sucker FAST and then started hallucinating which was entertaining!
It was a neat looking place, but I probably wouldn't really feel the need to go back if I visited NOLA again since there were other places that were larger serving absinthe the same way.Hidden gem, just off the Jackson Square hustle and bustle! They have a limited menu but the bartender will make you whatever you fancy. We had absinthe and the spicy sangrita - both were fantastic, and the service is really friendly and laid-back. I can't wait to go to this place again the next time I'm in NOLA! It's cash only so plan wisely... and for more than one drink!Finally knocked NOLA and Absinthe off my bucket list. Yay to NOLA, WTF to the Absinthe.
Our server wasn't friendly at all. We had no issue with the cash only, but could we get a smile? A thank you? A pleasant attitude? 
Great location though and loved the Absinthe decanter. 
Won't go back.Very small place. And cash only!! 
It's the kind of place that gets better the longer you're there. The bartender seemed to be having a hard night so service was quick but not friendly.It was an interesting one time experience but I don't think there's anything special enough about it to go back. It's CASH ONLY and the service is slow and not very friendly but if it's a 1st visit to NOLA, it has a fun pirate twist to it that's entertaining.Meander away from busy Bourbon and Royal and down a cozy little alley to this bar.  Warm up with a delicious hot toddy, carefully made by a bartender wearing a pirate costume.  It sounds kitschy but it's not.  It's charming and cozy and fun.  We sat by the little fake fire with our hot drinks and basked in the charm.  A must see on a trip to NOLA.Faulkner drank and wrote here, and my fat ass was in his chair! Yes, I was inspired to write, but perhaps it was a glass of expertly poured absinthe that helped. Yes, this is the place that is built upon the original "calaboose" and is 10 paces away from where stolen goods were originally "fenced". Plus, you will get a better history lesson of this part of the quarter than from any of the tours that don't supply alcohol.
Seriously, just stopping in for a drink, a chat with the bartenders and the photo op is well worth the time. Visitors and locals mingle away from the tourist zone known as Bourbon St. and interesting conversations are just an introduction away. If you love American literature, you owe it to yourself to visit this bar. I'll certainly return when I next visit the Crescent City.Went to this bar on a cut through going back to the French quarter.  Great little place with a great story.  Saturday night you will not only hear the stories but meet the night stalking guest.???? Yes,  you need to go. The Absinthe is prepared and served to perfection.Strangely enough, probably my top 3 favorite spot in the city. Best place for late night absinthe, for sure. One of the first stops I take my out of town friends.Walk down, take pictures, drink a glass of wine, buy a book, sit and talk. You can get married here too. The merchants keep the area clean and are friendly stop in and say hello to Tony and Joe.I'm not sure why you would come here and get anything other than absinthe. There are other drinks there but nothing special. The absinthes are the reason to be here, and they alone are a good enough reason to come here.
Besides the absinthe, it's a moderately quiet, small bar. The bartenders dress as pirates. The clientele on a non-Mardi Gras night seems to be people interested in a good drink and a conversation.
Oddly, most people at this bar wear hats. Not something crazy, just a hat that's classy and low key, like the bar. I recommend that, it adds subtly to the experience.Be careful of those Absinthe drinks!!!  They are extremely delicious, but they don't hit you for a while, and when it finally catches up to you, it hits you HARD.If you want to try Absinthe then try this place out. It is in a cool location down Pirates Alley next to the cathedral.  Very pirate kitsch, if your looking to drink something other than Absinthe then I would recommend going elsewhere.  The bartender was very helpful and informative actually she was a total sweet heart.  All of the haunted history tours seen to end here, so it does get a bit crowded.  It's a pretty small place but catches an awesome breeze off the square and the river.  Good place too be on a hot night, drink prices for mixed drink, not that friendly though.I like Pirate's Alley Cafe.  It's in the Quarter, but if's off the beaten path of Bourbon Street in an alley next to St. Louis Cathedral and the William Faulkner House.  Brimming with atmosphere, especially at night.  Cozy little corner spot with friendly service and, of course, absinthe!  I am not a fan of the licorice flavor, but it's something you must experience at least once in a lifetime because it's half legend and half ritual preparation that makes it so great!
Tip:  they only accept cash!Minus one star because the place would close early if there weren't any other patrons. Still means I'm a fan though!
Where else do you get to drink across the street from a freaking church?!?! And then the street is named Pirate's Alley...and then the bar is all Pirate themed!!! I love this place. It's so full of awesome.
Make sure you try the Toxic Baby shot. Tastes pretty good for $3. No, it's not chilled, Yes, it's black and scary looking but it goes down easy and doesn't burn. And then you get a little toy baby souvenir.
The other drinks are pretty good, affordable, strong yet refreshing but if you're an absinthe connoisseur you BETTER come here over the Old Absinthe Bar on Bourbon. 
Our bartender was very well acquainted with all the different brands (they had about 5 or more I think) and she could definitely help you out if you're a noob. If you are a noob when it comes to absinthe, let me tell you first that it does taste like black licorice. Most people want to try it because it sounds cool but then they have no idea what to expect, take a sip... "Blech. It tastes like licorice?!?! I don't want it anymore" and then $10-$20 down the drain.Very cool little bar, easy to miss since it's not on a main street. Absinthe drinks were about half the price of the other absinthe bar. The pimms cup was good tooThe greatest unfinished love story of my life started here about 10 years ago with the co-owner of the bar named Max. It was January 2002 when we met. In April he asked me to run away with him to Greece. Because of life and being stupid and young I had to turn him down. If anyone has any info that can help me contact him again please help me out. Thank you so much....... flintsashes@gmail.comWalking into Pirate's Alley Café is like being at Johnny Depp's favorite hangout.  The bar is filled with pirate decorations, costumes and memorabilia.  It's just outside Jackson Square and can be easily missed, so be on the look out!
Never really been a fan of the green fairy so I steered clear, but there is a big Absinthe drip at the bar.  I had what must have been the Pirate version of the Pimps Cup - because it was strong as hell (not complaining)!
The TOXIC BABY Shot!  It's a mystery shot of...something...with a plastic baby on the rim.  Sure, why not?
Downfall: Cash onlyI've visited this bar on every trip to Nola and I can't get enough... it's become my little watering hole when I visit... you'll find some tourists but you'll find mostly locals sitting at the bar or hanging outside. Full bar, delicious rum punch concoctions and friendly service always! It's away from the Bourbon St crowds, on a corner in an alley right next to St. Louis Cathedral....Be sure to stop by and have a drink - relax and take in all the history and art to be found around these parts! 
Plus, their bathroom is always clean!!Went there to try an Absinthe drink and the woman bartender was an absolute bi.ch.  She was rude and obnoxious and if I wasn't with friends, I'd have left.This review is solely just on the bar and location. It's located in a private alley with no street signs. I liked that it was tucked away from the busy streets. We cane here to try to green drink. It taste like licorice. It's a cool experience to try but the taste was not for me. The bartender was knowledgeable and shared with us about the drink. I would recommend you try it just for experience.Great hosts: Tony and Tais. Nice assortment of Absinthe and the best Rum Cake I've ever tasted.Small, didn't have sweet tea vodka, no music, bathroom was tiny, hidden location...Unless you're interested in drinking absinthe, there really isn't a point in going to this bar.Stopped in here on a rainy Tuesday afternoon for a few drinks.  My husband and I were the only ones in the bar at the time.  The bartenders here wear pirate outfits which is kinda cute.  Our bartender was super friendly and we chatted with her quite a bit.  One of the very few spots you have to smoke outside though.  Seems so weird how that works down there, still don't quite understand the whole situation.  The bar is in a quite area off the beaten path.  It is such a lovely little spot.  I really enjoyed the time we spent here and will definitely go back!We came here after our Ghost Tour because it was on the way back to the AirBnB. We went in to get Absinthe. I've never had Absinthe at a bar, but I loved the gimmick of the Absinthe Fountain. This is probably how they lure tourists in here. 
We came on a Friday night at around 10pm and the place was not crowded at all. However, it is cash only so that was inconvenient. It was $12/glass of Absinthe but I think that might be average based on some other reviews I read. If you are not a fan of black licorice, I would definitely advise you not to drink Absinthe. They give you a decent amount in the glass, although my mother-in-law and I expected to see fairies at the end of the night and we didn't see anything. :)Clean small Absinthe bar in French Quarter away from drunk obnoxious tourist. Worth the visit.This is where I had my first Absithe Experience, and my life has forever been changed by it.   
Besides the fact that the bathroom, which is so small you can barely turn around in it - has not only a roll of blue paper for boys, but a roll of pink paper for girls (I mean how incredibly cool is that?) this is the most amazing locals bar you are going to find in the french quarter.
(Speaking of Locals, if you hang out at the Alley long enough, you'll come across a local name Lee, who - Ladies, he is the ultimate of eyecandy) 
Stay away from the Toxic Baby shots - just the smell alone is enough to make me want to swear off alcohol.  
Way more cool than any of the places on bourbon street - with awesome staff (although their hours are a little random) it's never more than a stones throw away in my heart.
pps - one night when I was there a group of pirates stopped by.. funny thing - they happened to be from bakersfield, and a few were friends of mine (really random) but cool none the less.  
ppss If you get the munchies while drinking absinthe (or any of their other tasty concoctions) I would suggest the muffelette sammy's there - really tasty.Sitting outside drinking a cold refreshing Pirate's Punch made with real orange and pineapple juice (not a powder base) like some hurricanes. Nice alternative if you're looking for a quiet spot off bourbon street.This funky little bar is across the alley from the rear courtyard of St. Louis Cathedral. Friends and I stopped in on a recent Saturday afternoon to sample their absinthe. 
The absinthe preparation is a show: absinthe plus burning sugar! Cool. Not being a fan of licorice or Sambuca, however, I am not a fan of the taste. No worries - one of my friends finished off mine and hers. Whew.
The clientele here is truly eclectic: locals, tourists, and wedding parties slamming down a few drinks before walking down the aisle at the cathedral.
The owners are the bar tenders and are pleasant and accommodating. Fun bar that I will visit again.Pirate's Alley Cafe is fun.  The drinks are good and they have outdoor seating in a little alley-way so you can enjoy the evening outdoors.  I haven't had the food but the drinks are always good and the staff is nice so I would recommend popping in for a quick drink if you're near Jackson Square.Love this place it was a home away from home wile I was there in 05. Such warm hospitality to this out of townerThe woman behind the bar here was horribly rude, unfriendly and treated us like dirt. She had a giant mole on her face and was young and may have been attractive except for her awful sour demeanor. We asked to use the restroom before ordering our drinks and my husband started to order but she wouldn't let us use the bathroom. I said, "It's just a toilet". She said, "It's my job." I doubt it's her job to keep people from ordering drinks. I hope she gets fired. She called me a bitch. She doesn't deserve to be employed in the service industry. Horrible horrible person.Classic bar full of characters, including the staff. A good bet if you want a slightly off the beaten track, slightly quieter bar, that's still full of charm.Popped in here for a quick mojito while walking around. Pretty small inside, but they have an outdoor seating area. The place is decorated with a pirate theme (duh) and it's pretty cool -- even the (very friendly) bartender was in costume. Good mojito, too. :)I'm pretty much the polar opposite of a dive bar fan, but i LOVE this place! Frequently there are weirdos dressed up as pirates here, but thats part of its appeal...pirate decor, great ambiance, great bloodies and great service! they revamped the place so the corner which used to have a nice loungy pillow filled bench area is much smaller, but still a great place to go! very hidden away and the kind of place you almost want to keep a secret...The best bar in the French Quarter. I am a New Orleans native, and whenever I get the urge to go out for a drink in the Quarter, this is the only spot I need.
The owner, Tony Seville, is a local socialite with a real love for the city and culture. He plays horns in a local jazz band and knows music and night life.
They offer a large variety of upscale drinks. They have local beer selections and their staff know their drinks.
This place is a great spot for conversation and meeting new people. The bar is cozy, the music is kept low and conversation just seems to flow there. If you catch them on a slow night, fear not, their bartenders are friendly and engaging, without the normal pretentious attitudes that you tend to find in New Orleans bar scenes.
They serve a small menu of food items. Some of the ghost tours start here, so this is an excellent location to talk about some of our more esoteric culture. 
As I stated above, this is the best bar in the Quarter. Go there.Pirates and absinthe and... church? Yup, it's right next to St Louis Cathedral. State? Yup again, the Cabildo is also right there, where the Louisiana Purchase was signed.  Even more interesting - at least according to the haunted bars app I had - this spot is the closest proximity between church, state, and drinking establishment anywhere in the world. So if your bucket list looks anything like mine, you can check that one off.This is a cute little bar, nothing much more than a bar really with some wire seats set up outside. They sling the usual variety of New Orleans drinks and cocktails but they're probably best known for their Absinthe. 
This is probably the place to get absinthe in New Orleans if you're a fan, or haven't tried it before. A little on the pricey side at 10 dollars a glass minimum, but they have all the equipment and "do it right" as it were with the slotted spoons, special glasses and water spouts and the like.
If you're not into absinthe give the place a miss; there's nothing here you can't get at any other bar except for the absinthe.I enjoyed our visit to Pirates Alley Cafe.  The whole vibe makes you feel like you have stepped back into time and are at the pirate's hangout in early New Orleans.  The staff play their part and dress the part as well.  We were able to get a table outside and got our drinks and took some time to enjoy.
We got the Pirate's Punch, their version of a Hurricane, and a Captain Jack.This was a great find.  Awesome little corner bar with a great bartender who was very knowledgeable about Absinthe.  It was a great learning experience and pretty cool to hear all about this type of spirit.  Not only did they have a wide variety of Absinthe they also had some great spiced Rum selections that were out of this world.  
The outdoor seating in the alley was also really neat to sit in.  Very scenic and a great spot to sit and have a drink.  Even though it was Friday the area wasn't that busy so it definitely is a quieter spot near the French Quarter.  I definitely recommend coming in here to get a rum or Absinthe and just sit and enjoy the weather on the street and people watch.  Awesome afternoon spot.I'd give this place 5 stars if they had a good beer selection. It is a tiny hole in the wall with great service and a great atmosphere. Supposedly it is very haunted. That adds to the fun. Definitely add this place to your list when in NOLA.The spot has a perfect cross breeze, and even on a hot afternoon is pleasant. The bartender did not seem to be amused by us at all. Even said he hated his job when I joked around with him about it. Other than that, it is a pleasant place to stop and have a drink, hidden down a side alley. I've walked past it many a times and now got to experience it!This quaint little bar is CASH ONLY. That would have been good to know before I offered to buy a round for my whole group which left me low on cash...but I digress.
I really like that this place is in an alley that was once used to line up criminals before the were jailed. It's right next to Faulkner's bookstore which means there is a ton of history in this one little section. If you aren't looking for it you could walk on by.
It's not a very large place but it's so chill and relaxing that everyone should stop by just to check it out. I had my first taste of PIMMS at this bar and I was fairly impressed. Still, I found the drinks expensive and not very big. 
But it's all about the ambiance - so when you see a pirate bellied up to the bar you gotta like this joint!Great hideaway.  Pirate themed ambiance.  Close to Jackson Square nightlife.  Quiet and quaint.  Loved the absinthe drink and the local history stories from the bartender.  Will try to go back before we leave town.  An excellent find.  One note - cash only.This is probably my favorite bar in New Orleans. The atmosphere is laid back, and there's always something to catch your attention decoration-wise (pictures and stuff all over the walls and shelves). It's nestled in a narrow dimly (but not too dim!) lit alley, and it's very relaxing to sit out there at one of their tables and just relax. The bar is so opened up that whether you're sitting inside or out, you may as well be either in or out! The beer isn't too over-priced (though I'm sure you can get cheaper from one of the many stands on Bourbon St, if getting wasted is your main objective). Their absinthe isn't the greatest... not very strong, and not worth the price. You can get better elsewhere in the Quarter. Bartenders are friendly and will chat pretty openly with you. Just don't let them talk you into their absinthe, because they'll try. They also sell some sandwiches I think, but I've never tried one. Can't emphasize how much I love the atmosphere!ARRR Mateys - this is a convivial tiny bar with a great selection of hooch. Nice barkeeps in pirate gear. It is such a small place that everyone in there can join in the conversation! Or sit outside and imagine yourself in a Paris cafe.This narrow bar is tucked on the side of St Louis Cathedral. It is a dimly lit L-shaped bar where the featured drinks are Absinthe and some mixed drink stored in yellow coolers. It seemed like a tourist bar as there was a group of out of town visitors like us. We opted to try the Absinthe...while in NOLA, try Absinthe, right? The bartender poured the absinthe in the glass, topped the glass with a silver utensil and sugar cube. She then let the water drip from the decanter onto the sugar cube which changed the chartreuse colored liquid into a cloudy liquid that looked like grapefruit juice. It felt ceremonial to some extent. The bartender was laid back and was great in satisfying our absinthe curiosity.Came in after church for a New Orleans breakfast, Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary was perfect, not too spicy and very strong. Inside was small and cozy but plenty of seating outside to enjoy your drink and people watch.This is a cute little corner bar that has lots of character.  We simply had to try the absinthe... It was very interesting.   This is a really tiny little place so I wouldn't plan on hanging out there for too long but if you're in Jackson Square its a neat place to stop in.  Just remember to get cash first because it's cash only.Funny. Quirky. Awesome little place. 
Can't stand the walking tours making stops here and bringing tourists asking for "just give me a beer"... but Tony and the girls do a good job keeping everyone happy. 
You come here to chase the green fairy. Plain and simple. 
So stop in. Grab a Lucid. And then get out and be on your way so the next novice can grab one of the 6 seats at the bar and learn a thing or two.Off the beaten but still in the middle of everything.  A nice spot to relax and have a drink away from the crowd.  Was one of my favorite places in the quarter.  Unfortunately,  on my most recent visit the bartender was so surly that I am not sure I will return.  Would have been 4 stars if the staff didn't make us feel that they preferred to have no customers.SO much fun!  The bar is tiny, but it more than makes up for it in ambiance!  You are sure to meet some interesting people, like Captain Rick, who proclaimed that his pirate attire was not just a mere "outfit, but a lifestyle"  
So, sip some absinthe and enjoy!A nice hidden gem in the heart of the French Quarter. It's a tiny place. How tiny? Well, I've heard it was once a prison cell where pirates well held. Whether or not that is true, I'm not sure, but it's a cool story. The staff is friendly, and knowledgable of Absinthe, and there's plenty of other beverages to be had if that's not your thing. It really is just a fun little spot to spend an afternoon or evening when you want to decompress after partying in the Quarter. 
Writers and artists: Spend a little time in here alone with your thoughts. The atmosphere is sure to inspire you.What a charming, goofy, odd little place.  Some friends and I spent a couple of hours here on a Saturday afternoon last March and loved it.  The proprietors were strange but friendly.  The lady gave us a flyer for some kind of pirate convention the following month.  The man talked two of my friends into trying the absinthe.
We also met some douchey business travellers who took their two-years-previous convention visit to Chicago as a license to badger us incessantly despite our best efforts to ignore them.  Places like this are way too good for jerkoffs like them.
The bartender poured us some lethal shots out of a plastic pitcher and served them with a plastic baby inside.  Those things were awful!  We asked, "What the hell is in this stuff?" to which he replied, "You don't want to know."  I'm not sure what the baby motif signifies, but you have to try one of these.  The plastic baby is a great souvenir.This place is pretty rad. Nestled in the back of a quiet alley, this tiny, pirate-themed bar provides an intimate experience in which one may experience absinthe in the manner that it was meant to be, glass dripper pitcher and all. The only downside of this establishment is that it is cash only.Whenever we go to NOLA, we make sure to stop here. We love the atmosphere and the absinthe. Unfortunately, the cash-only policy is really cramping their style, as it's difficult to have more than one round unless you're in the habit of traveling with a roll of bills -- something common sense forbids in a big city.
There's a fine line between nostalgic and junky, but Pirates Alley manages to walk it without stepping too far in either direction. It's dimly lit with clouds on the ceiling, swashbuckling nautical decor, and a genuine water-dripping absinthe dispenser. I've always loved the spectacle of a burning sugar cube fizzling into the glass, but the bartender here convinced me that it's not the best way to heighten the flavor -- and I have to admit her method resulted in a fantastic glass of absinthe! I haven't tried the other cocktails here, but they looked rather ordinary, similar to what you'd find anywhere else in the city.
Speaking of the bartender, she was great: charming but not chatty, forthright but with a filter. We talked a bit with her and the other patrons (the place is so tiny you can't help but overhear others' conversations) and found the crowd to be eclectic, intelligent and a little nerdy. On previous visits we've seen people dressed to the nines in pirate gear, but on a Thursday evening everyone was more subdued, just out for a drink in the New Orleans air. Just like us!Best Bloody Mary I've ever had - no joke. The bar tender was a bit manic so I couldn't give it a four or five but it is worth stopping in.Smallish bar nestled into a surprisingly quiet corner between Royal Street and the St. Louis Cathedral.  On warmer days, the outdoor seating is ideal for people-watching.  No frills, no food and standard drinks, but a good place to take a load off for a round or three.This is the most quaint bar I've ever seen!  So quaint that on an afternoon over St. Patricks Day we had to sit outside. But all good. We had been there before in the evening and it has true authentic charm! Cannot speak to the absinthe, however if you are looking for it, I would try here before the Old Absinthe House on Bourbon, where it is $19 ( was sitting next to someone who ordered it there) Plus the ambiance is all NOLA. Love that it's on a pedestrian alley next to the Cathedral.This place was very cool, one of the most off the beat path kinda of places I have set foot in.  Great atmosphere, really original environment.  They do serve absinthe.... as well as obscenely over-priced drinks... I think they saw my boyfriend and I with his father and step-mother and took us for all they could.  Seriously, the night before our drinks cost half as much.
This is a cool place to check out, even if the staff can seem a little cooler then thou and they make up their drink prices based on how much they think they can get from you.When I asked a local about this place, I got an eye roll. That didn't stop us from checking it out though. Pirates? Come on! Ya gotta stop by. The bartender was super friendly, the drinks were reasonably priced, and the absinthe prep was pretty cool. I've only had home-brewed absinthe before (and boy did it kick my butt!) but it tasted nothing like this. This absinthe was like liquid black licorice, and rather refreshing. I'm not a fan of black licorice, so I wouldnt order it again, here or elsewhere, but I think my sis has found her new favorite drink!
There is a cute seating area outside, which I fully reccommend if you are a people watcher. If I'm ever in New Orleans again, I'd go back.Ah, nostalgia. This is what Pirate's Alley holds for me. There's not many places in the US where you feel like you're in Europe, but this is one of them.  Sitting in the shadow of the old St. Louis Cathedral, surrounded by old buildings in a courtyard reminds me of being in Rome again.
What keeps Pirate's Alley from a higher rating lies in the Absinthe offerings, presentaton and prices (20 bucks for absinthe other than ultra-crappy Lucid? Are you effing kidding me?) and they light the sugar cube on fire, which is incorrect. To add to this sham, they had Lucid in what should be a water dripper. We were told it had already been prepared-WTF?. Sadly, this cheapens the experience. I mean, there should be no such thing as  absinthe "to go." The correct loucheing method involves slowwwwly dripping water over a sugar cube into a glass of the liquor, which allows for the release of all the herbs-unless it's Lucid which is infused and not distilled and I highly recommend avoiding that crap as it could ruin your taste for absinthe altogether. 
That said, I do love drinking in that alley. Lots of good memories there. Just stick to beer or typical mixed drinks, avoid the absinthe and go to Pravda instead for it.this place has great ambiance, but the drinks are overpriced.  the beauty of it?  you can hang out outside, and not bother to go in, and still have a great time.  as far as the absinthe?  not really a fan, but they do a good job serving it, but like most absinthe bars, overpriced, for the "show".  I much rather like pravda for this, as they seem to have more flair for the flame.  
the bartenders are fun, dressed pyrate, and hopefully they get paid well.  such a small venue, can't bring too much business.   so make sure you tip these folks well.  they do take the time to dress wench.
as far as cafe?  never asked about the food, as this isn't one of my hangouts.  I am a new orleanian, and this is off the beaten path, but serves its purpose for pyrate gatherings, and more.
the rum drinks?  are good.  they definately have that down.  but again, I can get the same thing for cheaper.  I guess paying for the ambiance is included in your drink.  
you can always sit outside with your own drinks... afterall.  its new orleans.The Pirate's Alley Cafe was my first love, bar-wise.  And, like an elementary school crush or a burger from In-n-Out, it's become the de-facto gold standard against which I unconsciously assess all subsequent potential favorites.
Tucked away amongst the French Quarter's souvenir shops and bars selling 40oz hurricaines, this place is both an anachronism and exactly what you'd expect (and hope) to find in a city like New Orleans.
Upon walking through the door, we were whisked from a land of Bud Light in plastic bottles and frat guys whose response to most situations is "WOOOOOOO!" to a place where the light is charmingly dim, the cocktails well mixed, Graceland graces the stereo and no one seems to care (or bothers to find out) that I'm merely 19.   
The atmosphere was quietly friendly, though with that air of tantalizing exclusivity attendant to bars with fiercely loyal patron bases.  In others words, Not for Tourists.  Everyone seemed to know each other, and none of them were people I would mind knowing.  Though I was born in and have an extensive family presence in the New Orleans area, the three hours I spent in this bar is pretty much the only time I've devoted to seriously considering moving back.  
Six years after my initial visit, I can only hope Pirate's Alley Cafe is still stellar.  Judging from current reviews, it indeed sounds like the bar I fell in love with.  Go.Shiver me timbers, Mateys!! The ole' Pirate's Alley Cafe appears as an island mirage out of the maritime fog of the hazy, blurry, ghost ridden streets of Nawlins... and oh me mateys..its a great place to wash and warm yer' belly with a bit of spirits and calm from the stormy seas of life!! GAAAAAARRRHHHGG!!   
And it also inspires more than its share of cliche' pirate talk so I just thought I would go ahead and get it out of the way and let ya'll know that this is the place to go for Absinthe aka Absente' aka ''the green fairy" aka Van Gogh's ear loppin' juice. OK. I just made up that last one. 
There is much myth and mystique surrounding this drink and it is said to have inspired many a writer, artist, poet, painter, madwoman, or madman (yours truly included). It is reputed to have invoked hallucinogenic effects and strange visions for those who partake of this drink. 
I don't know about all of that. One thing for sure is that it has an enormously high percentage of alcohol so if ya ain't careful it will sure plant your face where you may not want it to go.  I was thinking of the street. Where the heck did YOUR mind take you?! 
I believe though that absinthe was created because folks in Europe needed something to drink when a crop of grapes failed in a drought. They had to drink something so they fermented some wormwood. Necessity IS the mother of invention. Right?
But the main thing here is that absinthe is unique and delicious. It has an amazing flavor but if you don't like the strong undertone aroma of the spice anise then you probably will not like it and each brand boasts a different unique flavor. 
The friendly pirates at this place will be glad to give the uninitiated a lecture or lesson seemingly as part of the tour as they "louche" or drip cold water over a sugar cube to dilute the strong mixture. They do a cute little fire show with the sugar cube too. Not necessary, but a nice touch of showy bartender flair. Oh yeah... that and pirate chicks are kind of hot!
So if somebody tells you they were out "chasing the green fairy", think nothing of it. Not that you would anyway in NOLA. Just sayin'I was introduced to this place by my cousin, who lives in NOLA and I found myself drawn back a few times during my visit. Despite being poorly hidden in what seems like a prime location in the Quarter, this quiet little bar is rarely crowded and it's frequented by friendly locals-always a good sign.
The location by the cathedral was very cool and so was the bartender. She eagerly and enthusiastically provided a detailed history lesson on absinthe as she prepared my drink. I was certainly not the first or last customer to hear this speech, but I'm touched that she cared enough to fake it, convincingly.
Once you've had your fill of corn syrup and $6 rum, take a detour from Bourbon Street and go here. Don't stay too long, though; you'll ruin the local feel.This was on La Diabla's list .... not even on my radar!
Side street beside the church.
Small place, full bar. Traditional preparation of Absinthe, very kewl.
Cash only, ATM inside.
Do it!Avast! Ye lubber wench! This be ye Cap'n Kenny and me buckos. Go forth, and fetch rum for me mateys. Do so quickly, and reward shall be handsomely; do it not, n' ye shall kiss the gunner's daughter
Oh. I guess everyone should talk like a pirate when reviewing this place. No? Aarrr me mateys hath steered me stray!
Yet another stop on the cocktail tour, the group came to see what all the fuzz is about, this whole Absinthe business. Granted, I have already done Absinthe before, so it was not all that mind-blowing to me, but nevertheless they did have a nice presentation, the cube, the match, the special water-drip contraption, whole deal.
Opted out of Absinthe experience, I fetched the wench to get me some rum and coke; no, seriously, wenches! The ladies here are dedicated in their pirate maritime persona, and quite friendly even to those who are pirate speak-challenged.
Pretty cool hangout, and a little out of sight too, perfect if you want to stay away from the crowd and traffic, to sit in the alley shade and enjoy a little chilled afternoon.This place is one of the few chill, not douchy bars in the French quarter. It is also HAUNTED because it was an old pirate jail. They make kick ass mixed drinks including absinthe from a fountain. Cheap too. They also have a cool $3 mystery shot. They won't tell you what's in it but GET IT!Stopped in for an Absinthe. Haven't been here in a couple of years. Was a little disappointed with the changes to the atmosphere. They closed in the seating area where the couches & cushions were, so there's a limited number of seats at the bar. Waitress was very friendly. Drink was flavorful. Can't really complain about anything critical. If you want an absinthe beverage, they will make it right.I didn't discover this gem of a bar until after I left New Orleans for the Bay Area, but now every time I'm home, I make it a point to stop by. Very intimate, chill space inside - a great place to just spend hours relaxing with friends over drinks. The patio outside is also great for hanging out on a warm evening. And of course, the absinthe is terrific! One cool thing (among many) about this bar at night is the good photo opp with the shadow on the back of the cathedral just across the way...definitely worth checking out!When in NOLA you have to visit the Pirates Alley Cafe! They are located in an alley (hence the name) and whenever I have gone it's not that crowded. I think since it's off an alley not many tourists think to visit? Who knows! But it's a great spot with tasty drinks (absinthe). The bartenders are all knowledgeable and can tell you all about the absinthe and how drinks are made. They have lots of options to choose from and can make recommendations! 
The bathroom is really hidden, just to the side of the bar entrance and it's single stall for 1 person at a time. There is a small patio out to the side which is also a fun spot to hang out! I like sitting at the bar to watch the bartenders make drinks though; it's so fun to watch the sugar cubes melt away! 
Go ahead and give them a try next time you are in the area!Aye Captain! It's one of the small and best shacks in town serving amazing liquor. "French Absinthe" is my favorite with a touch of fenugreek. The ambiance of the shop is amazing with dim lit interiors and piratesque settings! Highly recommended!There are real pirates disguised as bartenders here. Most of them make rum runs during their spare time, or so I'm told. Don't call them wenches to their face; they don't appreciate it. Tipping is optional, but if not, you'll walk the plank, matey.
My girlfriend claims it's the best bloody mary (non-fancy) in the city. I had a sazerac, which tasted like rubbing alcohol mixed with scurvy. 
It's also an absinthe bar, which is pretty cool. If only absinthe didn't make whiskey taste like Davy Jones' grog.
Next time I go, I'm totally bringing a steering wheel attached to my belt. When they ask why, I'll say "y'arr, it drives me nuts!"This place is awesome!  My husband and I just LOVED being here.  We got a cool history lesson on the origins of Absinthe from some random in the bars, and I was also offered pole dancing lessons by some other random lady.  LOL  I just love funky places like this that make you feel good just walking in the door.  Great time, we will DEFINITELY be back!!!!As an ardent admirer of le absinthe, I fell head over heels in love with this place. Plus it's pirate themed, which just excites me way too much.
There is a beauty in the swirling contradictions that form absinthe. A good absinthe will feel like butter, taste like the herb fields in Provence, and you can see the oils dancing their escape. The Fairy unfolds from the bottom of the glass and for a moment the drinker is transported to a small cafe with Ernest Hemmingway and he other expats. It is like drinking a part of history. 
The barbacks know their stuff, properly serving the absinthe according to the traditional rituals, but still willing to light the sugar cube on fire if you want a good show. It is small and intimate, which is great during the off nights. But beware of jazz fest! The place will be packed with college kids.This place is my favorite stop in New Orleans. It's small, it's kind of hard to find, and for New Orleans it's surprisingly quiet. Go a bit south and you'll find the fortune tellers and the like. Go north and you'll be surrounded by drunkards and scallywags.
If you are needing a break away from Bourban Street then I highly recommend coming here (just be sure to order some absinthe).I just got back from a business trip to New Orleans and had a great time there. Maybe too great. Could not stay out of the place! Night after night, I had varieties of absinthe with great company from the bartenders. I think I got to meet them all. Had four drinks one night then went back and had five. And never got a hangover. My special thanks to RN, she knows who she is, for being such a great conversationalist. Don't go there for the food, but after four or five I discovered I didn't need any. Really. Never got hungry. But there are many nice restaurants nearby. You can tell I had a good time, right? If I stayed much longer I would have wanted to buy the place and retire there. My first experience with absinthe, never to be forgotten. But beware, they are cash only with an ATM inside. Currently $10.00 a shot (Lucid, Kubler, Absente and at least one more) except the Nouvelle Orleans at $20 a pop.Went to this place for the Absinthe.  I wanted to try the mint flavored one but they do not carry it.  So, I went with the standard one and I knew it would taste like licorice but I had to try it.
It was a pretty cool experience.  The bartender had some great info about the drink's history.  She puts the liquor in a specially marked "Lucid" glass, puts a hole punched metal shelf on top of the glass, a sugar cube on top of that and lights it!  Yes, Fire!  I could hardly see the blue flame because it was bright outside -- evening time would have been better.  After the flame is gone she dripped water from a dispenser into the glass.  This is known as "seeing the green fairy" as I read from other reviews.  She did not actually call it this but when I exclaimed it with glee she said "yeah, they are dancing around in there" so I will take that as confirmation.  
It gets cloudy with the sugar and water... and yes it does taste like licorice. The drink was 10 dollars and is worth trying just to witness the preparation.  
I heard other patrons saying they didn't like the taste either.  It really is a small place.  If you can think of a bar area in a small restaurant then that is about the size of this little place.  Easily accessible from the alley and they had outside seating.  About 5 seats on one side of the bar and another 8 on the other side (estimating).  A couple of small tables inside as well.
The bartender called someone "Absinthe minded" and that really made me laugh.  
It was a memorable experience.  Friendly service and some knowledge to boot.  I approve.Perfect place to grab a drink to go before your ghost tour! And fun as hell too :)Love the decor of this place and the pirates! This is only one-upped on the scale of crazy by the process of properly constructing a glass of Absinthe! You have several choices of drink but the best is at a lofty $20.  But it's worth the story you can tell for a life time how you road in a wagon pulled by a unicorn to a bar on a short non automotive friendly street to a unusually small Bar staffed by pirates poring drinks of absinthe.  Yessir see it for  yourself.....Arrrrr mateys! Sail on into Pirates Alley and pull up a plank for a fine glass of absinthe with lively wenches and surly sailors. Ye can pop a squat with lanlubbers and sailors alike for a ripping good conversation - - always a fine time at Pirates Alley.  The bathroom is the best in the area, but be a good sort and be a customer.Pirates Alley serves real absinthe....our bartender was so knowledgable and cool-  she explained all of the absinthe choices and what their flavor profiles are.  Absinthe is strong, medicine like!  But it definitely had an effect on me which was positive.  Watching the drinks being made is like performance art.  Pirates Alley Cafe may be haunted by an old pirate who protects the staff there.  I didn't see the ghost, but I thoroughly enjoyed the vibe of the place, the staff and the special drink!The bartender was a snobby bitch, the drinks were trash and it cost me $9 to
Take money out of the ATM. This place was super lame and please "trendy absinthe bar" get with the times. Cash only is for losers. Wish I could undo my experience here, it was a complete waste of time.Had so much fun there during JazzFest last year. Can't wait to get there this year during JazzFest. The waitress was awesome and directed us to the Green Fairy place where we had an awesome time. Thank you Pirates Alley!This place feels very European. It is hidden in an alley very close to were the crowds of tourists tend to go. While we were there salsa music entertained as we sipped a cup (should have been a glass) of the green fairy. It was a weird combination but it worked.
The absinthe was a little pricey and not really that impressive but the atmosphere alone will ensure a future return.After a very disappointing experience at the other more famous absinthe bar in town, we tried again at Pirates Alley.  The atmosphere was relaxed, the bartender was friendly & knowledgeable and the absinthe was delicious.  Loved the added touch of the light under the glass to give it a green glow.  
More of a place to hang out for a drink or two than somewhere to spend an evening but if you want to have a taste of the Green Fairy while in NOLA, this is were I'd recommend you do it.This will probably be the shortest review I have done in awhile. 
My partner and I made a friend out here on our first night and he took us to so many places! Pirates alley Cafe was one of our stops. The drink of choice: real absinthe. From my understand this is the only place licensed to do real wormwood absinthe and it was worth it. 
The interior is pretty cool but what you would think a pirate bar would be. Divey and local vibe which was nice. Unfortunately we didn't stay long enough to enjoy the bar. Down the hatch and back to the streets for more fun. 
If you come out to new Orleans come by and check them out. Super fun.Worth finding this hidden gem. We stumbled upon this little bar during our adventures. The Pirate's Punch is tasty and just the right mix of rum. Friendly staff shared history of the place including how the alley was named.Just a little corner dive bar with mainly friendly locals and a friendly barmaid. Great drinks, not overpriced. We took our drinks to go, and then went back for another.Fun themed spot. Drinks were a bit pricey, but the drinks were really good. The mystery baby shot is quite interesting, but why not try a $3 a shot? Great service by a pirate as well!Our bar stop since this was right next to our ghostbusters tour guide for New Orleans. I decided to get the French Absinthe which was their specialty. It was presented very uniquely and it took time to have it done so don't get this if your in a hurry. French Absinthe tastes like black liquorish. It was served in a glass and it was pretty damn strong! It's suppose to be 110% alcohol proof. Yikes but then the buzz only lasted an hour! The bartender gave me a plastic cup if I needed to leave. She was nice and friendly. This was a pretty small bar and didn't seem to get  crowded as its in the middle of an alley by St Louis Cathedral. If you want to try this and served the old fashion way, come here!Absinthe was interesting but the drink itself didn't live up to the experience or hype, IMO.  Had two to choose from and both just tasted strongly of anise.  Maybe the insane amount of sweat pouring from our bodies diluted it, as there was no airflow in the little alley corner, but hey it was N.O. in June so what can you expect.  
The mojito was pretty average, a few friends liked the Pirates punch which appears to be just another expensive mixture of random liquors you'll find near Bourbon St. (Hand grenades, Hurricanes, etc).Fine place, I just wish the bartender would  be a bit more welcoming, she was polite,
 But I didn't feel the all Atmosphere welcoming  comeing from her, 
 No wifi.
 And only Cash, why ?!Of all of the bars that I stopped in off of the French Quarter, this was one of my favorites. At first I thought that the pirate theme was too cheesy, and I actually only stopped in to use the restroom. I soon discovered its many merits though. One wall is pretty much entirely open to the outside, so you really get the advantages of being both inside and out at the same time. You can people watch right from the bar, which is great since people watching is the best part about the French Quarter. They have a wide absinthe selection, and the bartendress was awesome. She was very professional and really knew how to sell every drink. Since it wasn't as busy as a Bourbon street bar, she was able to take time with each customer and chat with them and suggest drinks that matched their tastes. Don't be dissuaded by the cheesy pirate theme, this place really is a gem.Loved hanging out here. The bar tender is cool. The place is small, but is comfortable and has a good vibe.Such a cool spot! My boyfriend and I went twice on our vacation this past week! Great people great drinks!Came here to meet for the historic ghost tour and ended up having a drink while waiting. They only have two beers on draft, Abita and miller light. I'm not sure if it changes. Good pricing for the touristy area. Ordered a beer and amaretto sour and the total was $10. Outside seating for nighttime and good breeze as its in the shadow of the church.We came here to wait for the ghost tour. It was advertised on the groupon we purchased. My husband (who is an amputee) sat down in one of the chairs. A waitress came by and asked if he needed anything. He told her no and she asked him to get up since he wasn't ordering. The place was not busy. There was one other table being used. He wasn't taking away from anyone. When it was time for us to order drinks I refused to get them from there. I went to another bar who's staff wasn't so rude.Exactly what I was looking for-cool corner place.  Breezy with outdoor seating.  Near Faulkner's house (now a book shop).  Perfect afternoon Absinthe to break up my Quarter tour.Bored service. Came here as a part of a tour. Sure enough, your organizer and the waitress Emily seemed to know each other well. Emily was rude or tired or whatever it is one seems to feel in a busy tourist place, but didn't feel like staying another minute in that place.Like every other place in New Orleans, it is overpriced. It is nice to be able to get a drink to go, but the drink itself was small and not that good frankly. Had to have a Sazerac while in New Orleans. Wish I had ordered something else. 
Still, better than the $11 drinks to go I found at another place (can't even remember which establishment). I don't need a souvenir plastic cup that costs $5. Thank you very much.Recommend this for Absinthe. Quiet,cozy, off and away from noisy Bourbon street and next to the Cathedral. Cash  Only bar, their selection of Absinthe was great and one of the better places to relax, there are no TVs blaring and you can have a quiet conversation. There's a side patio too. Our bar wench was knowledgeable and kind. Ohh! Clean bathroom too.We found this bar while on a walking tour with NOLA tour guide.
Known as pirates alley this cafe also serves as a bar- and they have ABSINTHE!
Our bartender was knowledged in her drinks, dressed in pirates attire and was fun, upbeat, and personable.  She recommend that we try: a death in the afternoon, we also sampled between the three of us women in our party as we shared the drinks; the green pirate and traditional sazarac.
This place was decently priced and perfect in their authenticity- super recommend this place.
Super casual too.We just experienced the best server New Orleans has to offer. Thank you Emily for providing us with exceptional service.  The Pirates Punch is delish. Get it!
Absinthe  cured my bursitis!!!This is a cute and cozy little corner bar near the cathedral and Jackson Square.  I stumbled upon it while looking for a geocache in Pirate's Alley.  And since I needed a break and some refreshment, I decided to drop in.  Since I was feeling daring, and how can you not when you are being served by someone wearing a pirate's hat, I decided to try some absinthe.  It was a deadly combo of champagne and absinthe served in a flute (two servings per order) appropriately named Death in the Afternoon.  This is apparently one of Hemingway's creations.  Well, he definitely was no lightweight because I couldn't drink more than half before I was feeling really happy and warm and fuzzy.Great for drinks as you're waiting for the ghost tour to begin. The bartender was very knowledgeable when it came down to the rum.Being a tourist in your city will take you to many places you would never set foot in. Some you will like, some you won't and some will just be "meh".
This place is one of those "meh" places. To be honest there is not much to write. It's usually full of tourist because of its location the drinks are nothing special and prices are what you expect of a tourist trap. 
Bartenders are nice and you will meet some interesting visitors and locals and if you're into drinking Absinthe they have that.Great bar where tourists mingle with locals. I love how this place is very unique. It's not overly crowded and caters to just about everyone.Is it your first time?  With ABSINTHE I mean!  
Well, this is like getting swimming lessons before dipping your toe into the pool under the watchful eye of a lifeguard rather than being thrown off the high dive into the cold, scary deep end with no warning.  
Or, to say it in fewer words, Pirate's Alley is great for beginner absinthe drinkers.  They feature multiple brands and are patient and willing to explain the difference in flavors (licorice versus mint or a mixture of both) in order to help you pick your poison.  Then, you get to watch as they light your sugar cube on fire, slowly drip water over the sugar cube on a fancy spoon, and then mix up a licorice and/or minty concotion.  
I hung around for a couple of days and noticed that one of the (off-duty) bartenders likes her absinthe mixed with cranberry juice.  An interesting concotion that I have yet to try ... 
This bar is tucked away from the storm of bourbon street but still serves up the good stuff.What a cool "hole-in-the-wall", this place was recommended by our tour guide. Glad we came and I would stop in again. Tradition absinthe, which we came in for, was well done. The bartender was fun and competent.Cute little corner bar. Bartenders are chill, prices are reasonable, and drinks are good! Definitely one of our regular stops while staying nearby. Cash onlyPirate Alley is the perfect spot for meeting the "green faerie" Nice little out of the way bar just off Jackson square with great atmosphere. The kind of place to top off the night or to escape the crowds.This place is a cafe??? Wow...I had no idea! I never make it past the absinthe. This great little shoebox sized bar is the place to go if you enjoy the little green fairy known as absinthe. Rustic bar in an alley next to St Louis Cathedral just a short walk from Jackson Square. Close to everything, yet so far removed. Limited, but good selection of absinthe and a surprisingly helpful staff to guide the uninitiated. Every visit to NOLA always includes at least one visit to Pirates Alley.Quaint little bar; lovely bartender; great drink with a decent price. Definitely a must try when in New Orleans.Stumbling upon this on my last trip to New Orleans was a game changer.  
Whenever I start thinking about a trip to New Orleans, I always get excited at the idea of Bourbon Street and getting blitz but as soon as I get there, and it gets past a certain hour and a certain crowd begins to build, I'm ready to get the hell out of dodge.  
My friend and I were walking around on our last night in town after Mardi Gras looking for a cool place to have a drink and maybe sit for a minute and not fear getting thrown up on, splashed by something disgusting on the street or generally accosted or touched by strangers.  We accidentally walked by this place, and my friend had heard of it before so we stopped in.  SO GLAD we did!
I didn't have absinthe, and that's probably for the best.  We sat outside with our beers and enjoyed being surrounded by people who actually knew how to behave while consuming alcohol.  AMAZING!
And the bartenders were in pirate garb.  That's awesome.We had our first Absinthe experience here in early June.  So much fun and the bartender was amazing- she gave us a complete education on the different types of absinthe with some history- she was amazing. We ended up trying her favorite which has a bit of a mint after taste to tame the anise flavor.I've had probably the best experience I could possibly have in this awesome gem on my vacation in NOLA. We found out when trying to find the bookstore that's just next door an decided to pop in since it was cold out and we weren't on a strict schedule. (yes, it was cold...probably the only cold day of the year and we weren't prepared for it since we expected 50s) Anyway, it was amazing. It's a tiny little bar but it feels homey. Lots of absinthe related and historical stuff along the walls. We had the traditional style absinthe. I went big for my first taste of absinthe so I went with the $20 one and two others went with Lucid. It was so warming, tasted great (anisette/licorice taste) and was such a nice escape from the dreary outside weather. We came here twice on our first and last days in New Orleans. 
I just want to give another shout out to our bartender who was just the sweetest and made our vacation even better with our lovely absinthe experience. I never got her name but it was such a nice time with her. I'll definitely come back here when I next travel down to NOLA.Was drawn by the atmosphere, and we wanted to try absinthe. Cool funky and place and was enjoying it. Our group was standing in the doorway to the tables outside, a girl outside where it ok to smoke, lit a cigarette and the smoke drifted in. The bartender jumped all over me and told me smoking was not allowed, I said I am not smoking, and she yelled vaping was not allowed either. Again told her I don't smoke or vap and she started yelling at me. Told her it was outside and she keep yelling at me. Finally she went outside and talked to the table. Here's my problem, she made great friends with them (kisses and hugs) and never even apologized me. With this kind of treatment I can't recommend this place.Like Absinthe?  Who doesn't?  And this is one of the, if not the, premier place to get it in the FQ.  They have many different kinds (yes, there are different kinds) of absinthe and it's majestic to watch the barkeep make it.  They're super knowledgebale about the history of the drink, kinds, and about the process of making your drink for you.  If you haven't tried it, or have only had the worse than cough syrup tasting shot, go try this.  Starts a little mediciney, but gets good at the end.
But Rommel, with this amazing sounding review, why only 3 stars?  I'll tell you why person in my head, because of the costumes.  That's right, the bar has the help staff dress up in ridiculously bad pirate outfits that look like they came as a last minute halloween costume idea.  the place would be so much better if they classed it up a bit, because when they open the windows and let the cool NoLa breeze in on a hot day, this would be an amazing place to spend an afternoon.Awesome corner bar in the French corner serving up a delicious assortment of absinthe.... Creamy licorice in a glass with a classy sugar cube presentation... It's the real deal in NOLA!   P. S. The "toxic baby"
Is hilarious and fun!Aye, mates, get yerself down to Pirates Alley for an absinthe served by an awesome bar wench. 
(Sorry about the feeble attempt at pirate talk, I'm over it now.)
Okay, the decor is kinda cheesy, but I loved everything else about this bar. It's the kind of place where I would be a regular if I lived in this town.This is the only bar in NOLA that you need to know about. Shannon is an amazing absinthe walking encyclopedia. Your New Orleans trip will not be complete without sipping on any drink from Tony Seville's Pirate Cafe. We like to go at night to get the erie effect since it's in the heart of pirate alley, a lot of history in that alley.I love that it is on Pirate's Alley. This place was unexpected and cool. An outdoor space, and one bartender. They do absynthe drinks and I had a great Pimm's cup that came complete with extra fresh cucumber.Absinthe prepared the correct way and was educated about it by the bartender. Other creative cocktails to choose from. Fun little find off the beaten path. You can sit inside or al fresco and watch the tourists. Definitely pirate. Can be very busy so be expected to wait. Bring your doubloons, cash only.