Had a large pepperoni  and a large marghuerita pie.  They were good.  Very close to a new york style crust--but not quite there(native NYer)  Tasty red sauce.  Decent prices.  The house salad looked great for 6 bucks.  Parking was easy.  Bathrooms were clean.  Nifty dinner plates.  Will probably head back sooner or later.
NY crust when pizza is first cooked.  Turns into a cracker after it gets cold...The best pizza  place I have ever been too. New York style pizza with thin crust & very flavorful.  The MARGHERITA pizza is my favorite with fresh basil! This place is a must. Afterwards, take a stroll down to DVD rusty rainbow to walk along the Mississippi River.I'll admit that I was more than a little skeptical about trying this place.  Other holes-in-the-wall that New Orleanians seem to hold so high and dear (I'm talking to you, Domilises) I simply despise, usually because the food sucks.  So when I heard about NY style pizza being made in the Bywater, I had to check it out, but only because NY style pizza in Louisiana is virtually nonexistent.  
The pizza here is incredible, and lightyears above any other pizza I've had in NOLA, and I've lived here for over two years now.  The sauce is perfect, they don't use too much cheese, and the crust is to die for.  The garlic knots weren't the greatest TBH, but the pizza was so good that I didn't even really notice.  Also, the whole place is run by hipsters, which is always fun.Boom.  There it is!  From beginnings as a humble speakeasy to a blown up Bywater legend, this place is always humming w/ super fresh salads, pasta and pizza pie of all flavors.Amazing! So excited that there is a place to eat now. The cauliflower rolls are to die for! Never had something that I wouldn't order again. I usually order a specialty pizza, house salad, and either garlic knots or cauliflower rolls for our family of 4. We eat until stuffed and still have extra pizza for left overs.I went on a day where one of their specials was the Hawaiian.  It was great.  The pineapple meshed perfectly with the smoked ham, sriracha AND CHEESE!  The flavor and ingredients were good but I was not too fond of their crust...it needed a little more butter or olive oil.  I also ordered the pepperoni pie and it was good..but again, the crust was a bit lackluster.
Just to try other stuff on the menu, the bucatini carbonara was available on the special menu.  I ordered that dish and it was pretty darn good.  It consisted of Pasta, Peas, Prosciutto, and Parmesan!  
For this review, this was my first visit and I gave it 3 stars.  I plan to head here again for the Holiday(when I am back in town) and hopefully they will have a different pizza as their special.  I hope to give them more stars!SO GOOD. I'm from NY and it's hard for me to find good pizza here, Pizza Delicious hit the spot! Their pasta is great too. They have outdoor seating and it's dog friendly. Highly recommendI found myself sitting in Bywater at 9:30pm on a Sunday in mid July. I kept asking myself WTF am I doing out here on a Sunday (I live in the Metry burbs) waiting for this great mythical pizza I've been hearing about for the last few months. "Am I going to get mugged?" "Is this pizza going to be worth this drive?" "Why does the chick waiting in front of me have more under arm hair than I do?"
Anyway, I called P.D. in the  afternoon on this particular Sunday to get my order in. Around 3pm probably. I was told because of their limited ability to meet  their high demand(a good thing, I thought), I would have to come pick up my pie at 9:15pm that night. I weighed my options and decided to go for it. I didn't have work on Monday, so that settled that.
They had 3 pies on the menu, and I wanted the pepper and onion pie, but they had already taken enough orders to put an end to that. So I went with the one below, directly described from their blog:
Our third, but not to be neglected special is GREG AND MIKE'S HOMEMADE MEATBALL pie! The secret recipe of beef and pork are rolled out one at a time by yours truly. You can add CARAMELIZED ONIONS to your meatball pizza as a special treat.
I waited about 10 extra minutes than what I was supposed to, but no big deal. I enjoyed watching and talking to some of the people that came in to pick up their pies. 
The pie is 18", probably enough for 3 or 4.  Huge NY style slices. I got my pie and headed out. I had not eaten all day, and what do you know, I catch a long train heading back home on St Claude Avenue. So I killed 2 slices right there in front of the train, and that was my first experience with Pizza Delicious. Let's just say it is properly named. The crust is excellent with a nice char on the bottom. The toppings were ample, as was the cheese. My only complaint was that the cheese didn't go high enough towards the back of the pizza. Seems a lot of pizza spots mess this up, but I like a little cheesiness when eating my crust.
Nothing much more to say. The pizza was great, the experience was pretty cool, and I can't wait to get back out there again. Just some tips; order your pie early to ensure an early pick up time. If you are driving a car or bike out there, watch your surroundings. It is not a horrible neighborhood, but it can get sketchy pretty quickly out there.The food is as it states, delicious. The staff great. I had the crab butternut squash risotto, amazing. I also just happened be there when a cooking class from Nocca came in and it was fantastic to see the owners come and explain the way they started and what they wanted to achieve(also fellow New Yorkers). This is a great spot and I'm glad it's in my new neighbourhood.How have I not told you that I love Pizza D? I used to do the takeout when they were cooking the pizzas out of the community kitchen, and I am so happy for them that they were able to get a permanent location.
It is a bit of a trek for me right now, but once I move to Gentilly, it won't be so far away!
Their pizzas are HUGE, but that means more leftovers for me. Between working full time, going to school at night, and helping K with his business, I often don't have too much time to cook nowadays. So leftovers are always welcome, especially when they are from Pizza Delicious.
I have yet to try the pasta because I love their pizza so much, but it sure sounds delicious. Maybe once I am able to visit more frequently, I'll want to try something different--aka the pasta.Won't take credit cards for delivery.
The pepperoni rolls are awesome and very affordable.
The pizza is good, but I don't like the way the edges are always burnt.Really solid pizza place with a few craft beers on tap. We could tell this is the place that the locals eat, and I can see why. Pizza by the slice and good beers makes for an ideal lunch spot. The pizza was solid (spinach pizza, pepperoni) but a bit greasy. I've definitely had better pizza, so it's not quite a 4 star pizza place. Worth visiting for lunch if you are in the area, but don't expect to have your mind blown.Fairly Good. Love the crust (not too doughy) sauce isn't hard on the stomach, cheese had me sold (very good). I insisted on ordering the Pepperoni (though a bit greasy) because of my husband and child being a Pep lover, as I love cheese, onions, peppers, etc. overall the experience was great, food was good(def recommend) how can you resist an 18" pizza for $20,  NOT I SAID THE CAT ;)This is a shop that sells pizza pies. It is on Piety Street. It is called Pizza Delicious. I cannot abide this heinous waste of a good pun.
The pizza is good.It's been two years since my last review and now that I've had their vegan options, it's time for an update. 
I so appreciate that Pizza Delicious is vegan-friendly. While 2 years ago I was straying from my vegan diet (it's over 20 years for me), I've been back full-force for about a year now. As hard as it is to resist their mind-blowing Margherita pizza, it's not really *that* hard when there is always the option for switching out to Daiya cheese (excellent when melted) on any of their pizzas. Hey, it's great for lactose-intolerant meat eaters too, btw. There's also a specialty vegan pizza (spinach & pesto). 
I'll be honest and say that as is typical of most places that offer up pizza by the slice, it's so much better when you order an entire freshly-made pie. That could just be me. I wasn't ever too keen on corner slices in New York, either. I think the last time I had two slices of vegan pizza, I was kind of disappointed, but that was back when it was a cauliflower variety and I'm not sure if cauliflower works on pizza. At least not for traditionalists... No big deal as they changed the vegan option anyway. 
Recently my friends told me that I had to try Pizza Delicious' pasta and they were oh-so-right! The vegan campanelle is a wonder to behold (yes, it's beautiful) and devour (yes, it's Delicious with a capital D. Truth in a name!) In fact, I'd be hard-pressed to recall a pasta dish that gave me this much pleasure. The roasted eggplant puree makes the sauce almost creamy and the kale is the perfect slightly bitter and chewy component to the campanelle which has the perfect bite to it. Yelp cliche alert: my mouth is watering just writing about it, friends! 
I'm notoriously cheap about ordering pasta out because I swear that I can make it at home. Well guess what? I can't make this at home. And so, I'll be returning to Pizza D time and time again. Hopefully I can take a break from the pasta in order to try that spinach/pesto vegan pie!The pizza are good - and it's fun to watch the staff toss the dough in the air - but the  salads are my favorite.
There's another reason why you should opt for a salad: You won't feel guilty ordering cookies, and they are not to be missed.  They are pricey, but worth it.Let's face it: New Orleans hasn't exactly been a great pizza town. Sure, there are recent Neopolitan-style outliers like Domenica and the (sort of overrated) Ancora, but until recently Domino's was a viable alternative to the lackluster pies served up at places like Reginelli's, New York Pizza, and Slice.
That began to change when Pizza Delicious set up its takeout/delivery digs in the Bywater a while back, though the limited availability (and interminable wait times) were always a problem: good as it was, pizza shouldn't have to be the kind of thing that you need to schedule several hours in advance. Now that it's set up in its nifty permanent digs on Piety Street, however, Pizza Delicious can legitimately lay claim to the title of Best Pizza in New Orleans.
And that's not just because its competition is so weak: Pizza Delicious serves up some of the best pizza I've had anywhere, period - and having grown up in the Northeast within an hour's drive of some of the best pizza in the U.S., I think I have a pretty good idea what I'm talking about.
The baking team certainly knows what it's doing: I haven't had pizza with a crust this good since moving to New Orleans almost twenty years ago, and would happily eat it on its own (though confusingly, the garlic knots that are presumably made from the same dough aren't quite as good as ones I've had in corner joints in NYC and Chicago). Toppings are fresh and plentiful and the specials are inventive and appealing (the kale and parmesan was a recent favorite). But the true test of a great pizza is the simple, unadorned cheese version - and by that standard Pizza Delicious earns its name, and then some. (That said, the fresh-mozz topped Margherita isn't, to my mind, worth the seven buck premium over the "standard" cheese version ... which, at $13 for a large pie, is one of the best food bargains in the city.)
As for the restaurant itself, it's loud and a little cramped - which is exactly what a good pizza place should be. (If you want your pizza in more elegant surroundings ... well, I guess that's what Domenica is for). The staff has never been anything less than friendly to me over the dozen plus times I've eaten there or popped in for takeout, though I'd wish they'd step up their delivery game a little (currently they seem to have only one guy on a bike and wait times for delivery can be lengthy). A good selection of beer, wine, and spirits (red absinthe with your pizza, anyone?) is an added plus, though except for those not-quite-great garlic knots I haven't tried the pasta or anything else on the menu.
So yeah, I love this place.  Pizza Delicious is the pizza New Orleans has been waiting for: a truly great pizza for a great food city.Like the name says, the pizza is delicious... and they have beer. I like beer. Also, they usually have an interesting crowd, so... Bonus!Technically a 4.5 but this is yelp. Great thin crust pizza and delicious garlic knots. The knots were bit sized, with just the right amount of garlic. It would have been 5 stars but there wasn't all that much meatball on the meatball pizza slice I ordered. Otherwise the place lives up to its name!Delicious pizza as a New Yorker this has been the closest to New York pizza I have found! So tasty and huge pies great bang for your buck the garlic nots also damn tasty.  I regularly drive from uptown to pick up this amazing pizzaThe gigantic pepperoni pizza was very good.  The sauce had a great flavor and the cheese and pepperoni were better quality then the normal pizza jointDude, this place actually trumps any New York slice I have ever had. Pepperoni with caramelized onion and white pie with spinach, ricotta and cherry tomatoes are both rad. Counter babe could have been a bit more helpful/friendly.I am generally very snobby about pizza, having grown up right outside New York. I liked the margherita pizza, though it didn't look like a traditional margherita with a lot of sauce and thick mozzarella slices. The taste was good, the sauce and cheese ratio was appropriate to the thickness. I loved the thin crust. Often times pizza will be described as thin crust, but isn't actually thin; this was not the case at Pizza Delicious. Although the prices are a little high, I recommend eating here.Amazeballs! Best pizza in New Orleans, hands down. Pizza so good that I'd trade my firstborn for it. Great space in the Bywater, amazing staff and worth waiting in any line for.On my last day of a couple day trip to New Orleans, we followed the NY Times suggestion to visit the Bywater.  We trekked via taxi from the CBD (not too far, although not a quick ride either.)  My main goal was to check out this pizza.  And it delivered.  
The cheese pizza was perfectly cooked with a firm, but slightly chewy crust and the appropriate sauce to cheese ratio.  You can hold it at the crust and there is no fold.  The pizza is NY-style/thin crust and it competes with the best pizza spots in Manhattan.  For "desert," we had the broccoli and pepperoni rolls.  Again, both had a fine balance of flavors and lived up to the name "Delicious."
The only negative is that there is nowhere to eat.  We ate on the curb.  It wasn't horrible, but luckily it was a nice day.  If you are a tourist like me, it must be noted that the place is actually just a window and a dry-erase board/menu.So this is the second review I've wrote in like three years.  This place deserves it.  I just moved from Chicago two weeks ago so don't know any local establishments I can depend on.  But I know of one after eating here.  Good vibes all around from the location to the staff to the food!  Will be back many times again.  
I went there with my new vegan friend - who IS local - and she was blown over.  She doesn't even have a Yelp account but insisted I drop a line from her.  She spelled it all out for me in a text message.  Here's what she said:
"New Orleans is a village you have to sink into like mud.  But just below the surface, there is beauty.  And delicious!  We ate tonight at the AMAZING Pizza Delicious!  Not only is the space pretty fantastic but the pizza is really sexy.  Plus the staff was so cool!!!  The owner even took the time to talk with us.  About pizza and how Delicious started - a great American story!!!  Love this place.  Love their pizza."  
So yeah.  5 *s.I don't know if this is my favorite pizza place in the city but it's pretty good. The pizzas huge and more New York style. Make sure you order their garlic knotsFinally the real deal NY pizza!  On a Friday night the place was a little crowded but well handled by the staff, i.e. no long wait for our whole pizza or a table. The pizza itself was perfect--foldable, crisp crust, and well seasoned. 
Now ranks as my go to pizza palace in NOLA.We ordered a vegan Spinach and Roasted Garlic pizza with an addition of cheese (I know, go figure).  It was a great choice.  The roasted garlic was present but not overpowering. The sautéed spinach was scattered in dollops and the whole thing was dressed but not buried in cheese - it was a very nice balance.  The crust was tender but crisp on the bottom.  It was the best New York  style pizza that we have ever had.  Even reheated it was still really good.Pretty good slice ya know but man sometimes that crap undercooked n u fold it but it's still floppy so yea whatever it's goodbest pizza in new orleans.  the only reason i am giving it four stars is because the food is inconsistent.  i don't know if they have a large turnover of employees but sometimes the food is excellent and other times it's quite sad.  overall, if you want pizza in new orleans, i think this is your best bet.Great place with NY style giant slices and it seems like the toppings are local fresh as the menu changes seasonally/weekly depending on what is available.  If you live in Nola and haven't been here, shame on you.I probably go to Pizza D at least once a week, usually after working out. Typical, right?! But seriously, I love this place! The have the best NY style pizza in town. It's fresh and just as their name says, delicious! I haven't tried a single thing here that was bad. I dig their pizza (especially the Kale Pizza!) and their broccoli and cauliflower rolls. Not sure if they make their own pasta, but it certainly tastes like fresh pasta. Also, they have good draft beers and very tasty baked goods. If you haven't been to Pizza D yet, go! Like, asap!
FYI- This place is not for folks who are on a low-sodium diet. They are heavy-handed with their salt, but so am I! Also, there are several options for vegetarians and pescetarian eaters, such as myself.Best Goddamn pizza in the whole city! Garlic knots, pizza beer what's not to like?The pizza here was very good. They could use a bit more structure around how they manage seating. There are similar restaurants that are a bit more proactive in ensuring that folks get a table in order and only then place an order.Some of the BEST pizza I've had outside of NYC.  Their pepperoni pizza has crispy, thin crust and is filled to the gills with pepperoni (what a concept!).  Yes it's greasy (what else does pep and cheese create in the oven?) but it's also flavorful and everything I could hope for in the classic pizza.  Caesar salad with anchovies is also a delight as are their fresh, handmade pastas (ravioli with mushrooms and beef and spaghetti with peas and pancetta).  Staff is super friendly and the whole place seems to be run very efficiently (having the customers bus their own tables was a good idea).  Even on a super busy Saturday or Sunday night the pizzas come out quickly.  Can't wait to go back.  Yet another wonderful find in the Bywater.best place everrrrr! pizza is great, salad was amazing. even if you're not a salad person get the caesar salad you wont regret it!Pizza is one of those foods you can get almost everywhere but at pizza delicious you can also get an unique new orleans experience when dining in. The pizza was very good with lots of cheese and a slightly thin crisp bottom and the sauce was just the right amount.  They have an outside patio that's very cozy and well lit for night time. It's very clean and eco friendly. Great place!Went the other day and got a pepperoni pizza and Caesar salad. I enjoyed the salad but the pizza was literally the greasiest pizza I've ever eaten. I instantly felt gross after one slice. 
I'm never going to get a pepperoni here again. I'm shocked that they send that out without blinking an eye.Pizzas are huge - by the slice is a good alternative.
You order and pay at the counter and they bring out the food to you. 
Loved the vegetarian topping pizza - fried kale. The Cesar salad was simple, fresh, perfect. This is a simple place with pizza done right.The best place in New Orleans for new York style pizza.  Location is a bit obscure and the clientele is on the hipsterish side, but all is forgotten once you sink your teeth into their huge pies.  They only come in one size which is gargantuan.  It's enough to feed for people for under $20.  There are three consistent options: cheese, pepperoni and marguerita.  They also have a daily rotating special along with a variety of salads, pastas, knots (rolls) and desserts.  We always opt for one of their tasty salads that are filled to the brim with fresh, local greens.  They also serve beer and wine.  Only down fall is the lack of tables during busy hours, customers hoarding big tables before even ordering and the long wait for your food on those busy nights.  All in all the wait is worth it for the value and taste.In response to user Sam B.
My curiosity is really stirred about what you think is "authentic".  Please explain what your idea of the real deal is; how does Pizza Delicious fall short?  Slamming a place with no description of what is wrong, or different certainly isn't credible.
I'll just throw out a few actual details about what New York Style pizza is and is not:
1.  Pizza in NYC isn't a homogenous creature.  There are many different styles, and the by-the-slice variety is very different from the first coal-fired pies.
2. Within the subset of slices that are typically thought of as New York-style, there are very big differences in ingredients and quality(especially where sauce is concerned).  Many people in the city only have a frame of reference for what is in their own neighborhood.  Finding a good slice in Manhattan really requires knowing where to go.
3. Among people who really love pizza in NYC enough to travel to find it there is a certain consensus about where the best places are, and what traits define them in this style.
a. There is a fairly (not paper) thin crust with a light spring, there is a crunch at the bottom followed by a slightly bread-like chew.  The crust becomes a little thicker towards the edge, but doesn't spring upward dramatically.  Check in Pizza D's corner for this one!
b. Sauces on the real deal are all over the map, some cooked and some not; many are over-seasoned.  My favorite examples like  Joe's and Louie and Ernie's or Williamsburg, are bright simple and not cooked.  Pizza D excels above the masses of pizzerias in this category.
c. All additional toppings must be of good quality.  Pizza Delicious is using the cheese preferred by the top NYC slice places; their specialty toppings are always well thought out and for lack of a better word "delicious".
I don't see Pizza D promoting themselves as NY-style anywhere on their site or in the restaurant. This notion of denouncing them as "inauthentic" is ridiculous.  I know quite a few New Yorkers that love this place.  They are the ones doing the marketing with grass roots word of mouth.Pizza delicious is my do to in the city.  This is mighty inconvenient since it is across town tucked into the bywater.  But they have the best pizza in the city for my money and it is always worth the trip.  I pretty much universally get pepperoni pizza-wise - but have also found their salads to be excellent.  Bit of a smaller space inside but when i order a giant pizza I generally prefer to hide in solitude so I get it to go.  The times I have eaten there I have always been able to get a table - and service is quick with a good beer wine selection.  The by the slice prices are also awesome if you don't want to be a ridiculous human being.great pizza. garlic knots were cold and chewy. wasn't sure if that's how they were supposed be be....but yeah, i loved the pepperoni pizza.Let's keep it short and sweet here.
Quality ingredients.
Pepperoni Pizza is AMAZE BALLS!!!
Try the Spinach-Feta roll it will change your LIFE!
Cool staff.
Pleasant atmosphere.
Great location!!!Honestly, all good and bad reviews aside, this place is the closest thing I've had to real New York-style pizza since I moved here. If you grew up in the Northeast and crave "real" pizza, skip the bad reviews and check it out. The rotating pasta dishes have all been phenomenal, the beer list is superb, their desserts are wonderful, and the pizza is fucking divine. All this, and the prices are super reasonable (slice are $2/plain $2.5/pepperoni and $3/special pies). 
I don't have enough great things to say about this place. The one con is that the waitstaff can occasionally be too stoned to figure out what their doing. Come on, they've hardly been in their first real location for two months. I can forgive that for excellent food.i went here after hearing their coverage on NPR's Planet Money, and it was only a few blocks from where i was staying.
i was quite happy with the vegan pizza i ordered (i've been trying to eat even less animal products), but not blown away. it was a really big pizza and the crust was nice and crispy. there wasn't really anything wrong with the pizza, it just wasn't mind-blowing. maybe if i had ordered a more traditional pizza i'd be more pleased. i don't have much experience w/ vegan pizza to compare...
i'd stop by if i'm nearby again, like maybe hanging out on Frenchmen street, but probably wouldn't make the trek out from the French Quarter or CBD.At first when I learned that PIzza Delicious only opened its doors for business on Thu and Sun, I thought it was ridiculous....Having now tasted their food, I don't care how ridiculous two days a week is! (And I now understand that they co-op their kitchen with other restaurants and are limited as a result). The cauliflower roll -- a pizza-dough-like roll filled with savory cauliflower (think smoked paprika) and cheese-- was sumptuous...I forewent the awesome pizza pie options and picked a simple cheese pie. (You can tell a lot about a pizza joint by its most basic yield.) It was  blissful. Thin crust, not too doughy or powdery or burnt-crumbly....The sauce had quite a bit of a quick. Just the right amount of cheese (not too much; not too little). And the price was only $12. Well worth the trip out there...More good news- they will soon be moving to a permanent location (with daily service!).If this is the shining exemplar of New Orleans pizza, New Orleans isn't doing too bad. It is rather hidden away in Bywater, and will require a drive for most people. They seem built to sell by the slice as much as by the pie, and their by the slice menu includes not only plan pizza with the option of toppings but also a vegan slice for those in need.
Their pricing created the rather odd incentive to try their appetizers in twos, so I ended up with two spinach rolls and one slice of pizza. Upon trying the pizza, I was immediately disappointed about only getting the one slice, as even the basic cheese evinced a nuanced balance of flavors that conjured up memories of fine New England pizzas of days long past. However, the spinach rolls were not a disappointment when I got to them, and they came wrapped in foil so I had no trouble taking one to go.
It's a small place indoors but offers picnic style seating outside as well. Eating in is counter service. The menu offers plenty of interesting toppings and sides, and I wouldn't hesitate to come back to try them.The place is always busy, so get there super early. The food is good but overpriced. If you have a lot of money and a lot of time and you want some good pizza, you should check out pizza delicious--- you're sure to see some hot hipsters while you wait .Thanks to Steve, I was finally able to try Pizza Delicious after hearing all of the raves about it.
Apparently, this is a pretty hot spot on a Friday night. When I first arrived, the line to order was nearly out the door. Once I made my way to the outdoor patio, and said my hellos, I headed back inside to tackle the long line and place my order.
I decided to get one slice of pepperoni pizza and a Caesar salad (I know, who gets salad at a pizza place?? I'm trying to eat a bit healthier these days. Blah). Once you order, they give you a number and bring your food out to you when it's ready. The first thing that came out was my slice of pizza. It was really big and looked delicious. I took a bite, and as good as it was, it was ALL GREASE. I mean, the grease was dripping out of it when I bit it. I know that pizza is naturally a greasy food, but this just seemed extreme. I was pretty happy that I only got one slice, otherwise I would have really felt gross. That sound you hear is my attempt at eating healthier soaring out of the window.
My salad then came out. I ordered my Caesar salad in a "go box", because I wanted the dressing on the side. Sometimes I tell these places that I want the dressing on the side and they don't remember. Restaurants ALWAYS remember when you ask for the salad "to go"; just a tip. ANYWAY, the salad was so good! It was big and packed with a generous amount of cheese and croutons, so I was really happy and it definitely made up for the greasy pizza. I would definitely recommend the salad.
Because we had a large group, we sat outside so we would have room. Even though it was a nice cool evening, the mosquitoes attacked me with a vengeance. I was chewed up, y'all! Not cute. Maybe they can put a citronella candle out there or something. Other than that, it was really nice to sit outside. Ha.
All in all, Pizza Delicious wasn't bad. I think if I go back, I'll get a pizza with more veggies on it, in order to cut down on the grease factor.This is the best attempt at NY style pizza in New Orleans. Although I prefer slice, this is closer to that one would have in NY, and it is anything but bad. definitely in my top 5 pizzas in the city.Came here two more times with my family while staying in New Orleans over the course of a month, every visit was as good as the first.  Says a lot about a business when you get the same stellar food and treatment from staff on a busy Sunday or a low-key Wednesday evening.  I'll see you next time Pizza DLove their garlic knots; love the 'za, love love love their cookies.Walked in the door at 10:51 and these sweethearts fixed me right up, without a smirk in sight. Down to earth, great pizza and FANTASTIC salads.I'm allergic to wheat and dairy so a pizza place is never high on my go-to list. This one, tho... had a wonderful house salad with a subtle vinaigrette, and they added pepperoni and prosciutto to make it a meal. The pasta looked delicious and got rave reviews and the pepperoni pizza may have saved a life.It's sooooo gooood. I love the atmosphere. Homey, neighborhood-y, and comforting. The newly opened outside dining area is AMAZING. It's got heaters, warm lighting, and is actually really romantic. You order and pay at the counter, and they bring it to you, which is always nice if you're short on time. 
The margherita pizza is fantastic, but the special of the day pizzas are out of this world. The rosemary-potato slice is my favorite. The potatoes aren't gross, they're thinly sliced and fabulous. 
The carbonara is actually very good too. AND THE CAESAR SALAD!!! I'm not sure how a caesar salad can be so freaking good, but it is. It's amazing, actually. The croutons, holy sheezus. If they sold them, I would buy them by the truckload. I really don't know how they make such a good caesar salad, but it works. 
It's great for a party big or small. Come ready to chow!Dang, this pizza is damn delicious.  It's not so much the toppings, I just got a pepperoni slice and beer while waiting for my BF to finish nerding out at the record store next door, it's the crust.  Which, that's the base for a good pizza.  First, it's completely flat, and the bottom has this little toasty crunch with each bite.  So. Dang. Good.  I wish I had tried a different slice as well, but got a salad, which was also yummy, but could have been pizza instead.  Oh well.  
I also got a beer on tap, Watemelon Gose Green Zebra, which was quite tasty.  I'm usually an Amber or dark brew type of gal, but this has me looking up places online where I can buy a pack.  
BF bought me an Earl Grey and dark chocolate cookie, which was amazing!  I've never been to New York, but have quite a few NY style places I tried when I lived in San Diego, but this is probably my favorite slice ever.Sweet baby divinity.  This is the spot where anger over no great NOLA pizza goes to die, reincarnated as delicious, delicious, eponymous pizza.  This is the spot where you remember/realize that what we call pizza is actually done right in some spots o' the globe, rather than a late-night afterthought.  Which, by the way, when did that trend start? I'm sure there's a fascinating History.com special on this that compares immigration statistics and fast-food patterns.  Maybe an A&E series.
Which is to say, the food here kicks ass.  I've been scarfing slices since they were a Thursday pop-up and a website that had a speak-easy style address filtration, and in the time since they kickstarted to a brick-and-morter spot they have won more collective hearts than a video-game...you can see where this is going.  It's not cheap, with the average specialty pie costing a little over $20, but what they do they do so right.  Even the basics are great, and if you feel like a little dessert they make some lip-smacking strawberry ice cream sandwiches. Combine that with good beer, a cool minimal-yet-spacious location in the Bywater, and staying open to 11 pm on weeknights, and you've got the best pizza in the city.  I say that not having eaten from everywhere in the city, but I now put the burden of proof on you.
Bonus: The size of the pizzas. They're just, just big as the concept of food.  One pie is good for four meals if you eat them by yourself in bed because nobody else can appreciate how good this vegetarian speciality pie is.Good crust (crispy with some crunch), but I thought that the flavors were lacking on their rotating pizzas (Hawaiian and White Pizza).
I'll be back to try a pepperoni slice, garlic knots, and their rolls! Friendly service, pizza gets out to you quick.Oh heyellllll yes.
I have been looking for some good, sloppy, greasy, fold in half pizza since I moved here. I finally found it.
We went in the other night and got a large half and half (cheese/pepperoni) and it was about 14 dollars. The pizza was as big as a car tire, but way more delicious.
We both felt that the pepperoni wasn't really that great, but we will definitely be back for a big old cheese!Best pizza in New Orleans, hands down. I will usually try the special pizza and am never disappointed. Their house salad is great too. I eat there once a week!Definitely delicious / amazing and definitely expensive- expect to spend $20-$30 on an "18 inch pie. Not saying that it isn't completely worth that though!The pizza here is fricking amazing. Best pizza place I've ever been too.I had a cesar salad and a plain cheese slice. Some of the best pizza I've had in a long time...and I know pizza! The salad was great also. I will definitely be coming back.It's really unfortunate that you guys do not deliver the French Quarter being so close to the French quarter.   It's really not that far away.The best New York style pizza in town, far and away better than anyone else is offering. My husband's a native New Yorker who has suffered acutely from lack of pizza for the ten + years he's been in New Orleans. No more.Visiting from Los Angeles and was recommended this place!  It was so good, they delivered it to our location and the taste was amazing.This place really was delicious. I was only able to stop in once but I loved the vegan cheese slice I had. I tried one without cheese to give it a shot and it was good but not great. I am glad they had vegan options but it looks like some of the most interesting pies would be customized vs the default vegan.Went in around lunch time on a weekday, wasn't too packed but was still half full. 
Very cute place with a very hipster vibe. You order first and then get a table. 
We ordered an order of garlic knots to start, about 15-20 knots for 4 dollars, great value and they were really tasty. 
We then ordered a pepperoni pizza, a large I believe. And it was HUGE. Had very good flavor and a nice crust, was super greasy but what do you expect from a giant pepperoni pizza? 
Overall was kinda pricey in the end but had great flavor and is perfect if you're going with a couple friends to split some garlic knots and a pizza. 
1 Tip: would 100% recommend getting a full pizza and not the single slice, a friend ordered on and said it wasn't a fresh or flavorful as our pizza. 
Only recommendation would be a personal size!!Depending on how you like your pizza, this may not be the best pizza in the city, but it's the best NY style pizza I've had in NOLA. Nice casual atmosphere too.Expensive....very very expensive and all the pasta dishes were terribly mediocre
Are we the only ones? Or everybody is just ordering pizza?!?, which granted is awesome. We ordered 2 pastas, 2 slices of plain pizza, 4 cookies (butter is the main ingredient, yes, but not worth $2 each, specially when the chocolate with salt is way too salty) and 3 draft beers and came to $70.00 before tiping .
I will not recommend it again and unless I want a plain pizza I am not coming back...sorry. the concept was great but they got too full of themselves... but they are nice people...go figure! Maybe is just a chef thing..OMG!  Garlic knots=yum!  This is my go to place for quality food and reasonable prices.  Also super hip and friendly!!  :)Very busy cool little typical ByWater neighborhood restaurant. Popular, busy place with friendly staff. Impressive menu, pasta dishes you wouldn't expect at a pizza slice place. NY style thin crust pizza from basic pepperoni to experimental pizzas.  Vegan and white pizzas.  The red sauce pizza was very tasty.We ordered the vegan pasta and the salmon pasta. Both were quick, fresh and delish! Along with a couple of Nola Blonde beers and a selection of their cookies was just what we needed. 
Cool hip little place with super friendly staff. Looking forward to going there again.Pizza as high culinary art! The folks at Pizza D. are always innovating, mixing unexpected ingredients (corn on pizza? YES!) and inventing one fantastic pizza flavor after another. 
I have eaten pizza around the world and there is something extraordinarily special about Pizza D. Not only is it truly delicious, but the menu is short and constantly changes. That means you can't get stuck in a menu rut, and neither can they. Every pizza is fleeting and special and you don't want to miss it. 
Finally, there are always vegetarian and vegan options, delivery is easy and fast, and you can even order a bottle of prosecco to come with your delivery! 
This is how New Orleans does pizza, and they do it so right.Loved it first time I tried them Pizza done just right thin crust and really good sauce and cheese I will be backwell I finally made it here.   had a pretty simple meal, my man and I both got a slice and soda.   straight up simple tasty, slightly greazy, and good.   
hit the spot, as we strolled the crescent city park with our dogs.  outside seating a bonus, and happiness all round.
this is just straight up simple.  I thought there would be more options for toppings so you lose a star.
customers ranged from hipster to hippy, to young and old.   all good.
I def ignore hipsters.i love this place! i cant wait for the new restaurant to open - pizza every daaaaaaay!Everyone is always nice and helpful each time I've been here. Pizza really is delicious  I've had just the simple cheese slice, margarita pie, arugula slice (love), and the best beat arugula goat cheese salad- yummmm!The pizza was good but the sauce could of been better and the garlic knots tasted a bit like plastic. Will not be eating there again. You have to clean up after your self and I feel that they we're rude and when ordering felt very rushed. If your in the area and looking for a quick bite of pizza it's average. But nothing special.I am a fortunate person to live in the delivery zone of Pizza Delicious. Today they had a slight mix up with my order, and I called they explained my order had been marked pick up instead of delivery. The girl on the phone was super awesome and had the kitchen make me a new pizza free off charge. I've worked in the service industry for a long time and I love places with good customer service so I'm very pleased w pizza delicious. Plus their pizza is probably the best in nola A+Different. Garlic knots and house salad were delicious. Friendly staff. Was shook by the bus your own tables sign but was willing to obligue.Great Pizza and service. One of our favorite places to eat in or take out.This place should be called "Pizza Assholes" instead. They advertised different slices of pizza that can be purchased on their menus but when I went to order the jerk at the counter rudely said I'm telling you were not selling slices of pizza. He rudely said there was a sign on the door which I we checked when we left and there was no sign. He also rudely stated my friend was hitting their ice machine when she was lightly tapping the ice piece cause no ice was coming out cause they have a shitty machine. The server who delivered our food was also rude when he tried to take our order number from the table and I told him we were still waiting on my friends entree. My friends food didn't come until I was done with mine. The food was bland and mediocre and you have to either order a huge pizza or something else cause they don't sell by the slice and only sell one size pizza - dumb! So this place isn't worth checking out. And it's not close to anything else it's in a not so nice neighborhood. Your better off going to Frenchman street or the French quarter for good food and good service. Don't waste your time on these assholes and crappy food.Our pizza was huge! Broccoli rolls were delish! So was the pizza. You get a lot for your money. If your going to order pizza from anywhere in the NOLA area, support this place. I can taste the love in every bite.Solid pizza and delivery is typically quite speedy. The cookies are not to be missed!I've never had a bad experience here -- even the vegan pizza is incredible! Their beer selection is well curated and their new cocktails are great.  I think this is the best pizza place in NOLA.What can I say about this place that hasn't been said over and over again? 
Its freaking delicious.
From the seating to the beer to the smells to the staff to the food to the music.
Its delicious. 
Just straight delicious.
Their rolls, their pizza, their pasta, their salads.
Delicious. 
I always go for a cold beer, and their Caesar salad with the white anchovies and a pie...if its a special, pepperoni or margarita.
Im always blown away.
And they deliver, on bikes, in my neighborhood.Love this place. 
5 stars 
Always s great place to just hang out and chill with friends and family.  
Great serviceBomb ass pizza (especially if you prefer thin and crispy crust). And get the garlic knots. That is all.I think this might be the best pizza in the state. It's not super greasy and doesn't weigh you down like chain restaurant pizza.I F$cking love this place. I religiously love their daily slice or pie. Pasta is bangin' too. Def the spot for Pizza in New Orleans.One of the best pizza spots in New Orleans. I live uptown and make the drive to piety street when I get that craving for the perfect cheesy creative New York style pizza.Cheese Louise this place rocked my world! Definitely the perfect lunch place for a casual date or with friends and family. They offer delicious appetizers, pizza by the slice and whole, pastas, salads, dessert, beer and wine; Everything I love. Also, the artwork inside is jaw dropping so don't forget to check that out. If the locals like it, you know it's legit!Positives:
-Atmosphere
-Taste
-Underground feel
Negatives:
-Long, long wait (they admit to it, you just gotta call ahead... no biggie)
-The long wait can lead to the pizza being cold after you pick it up and bring it home... (a call to the customer when its about to be ready seems like an easy fix)
-Our pizza was a bit burnt on the bottom
Overall the place is good, you should give it a shot!YAY!!!! So happy they finally moved into an actual restaurant! GREAT food... everything  on the menu is great! Only negative comments are the fact that I went in one day really wanting a slice of margarita pizza, only to find that this isn't possible. I was then left with the choices of a single slice of cheese or pepperoni or a pizza bigger than me.The Pustanecca pizza, may be the best pizza, based on pure heavenly flavor, that I've ever had. Sultry. Best 'Za in Nola.Ok I should say I'm from New York. I am reallll picky about pizza. This place is top notch. Reminds me of grabbing a slice walking down the sidewalk in the city. I've never had a single bad experience here. The Garlic knots are to die for!! Get some!You know it's typically a SMASH hit at Pizza Delisc, but today the pizza was a bit cold and uneven (sort of like a 18" floppy disk") and, well, the cheese was spotty and THEN the soda machine wasn't working properly. Um, here's the #1 thing with this place ... If you're not ordering a PIE, then you're just getting the equivalent of "day after" pizza ... Reheated in an oven that's not appropriate for pizza ... Adequate but not GOOOODDDD.  But today my PIE SUCKED and well they should just fire the stoner who made it ... Still the best pie in New Orleans though .... Carry on Pizza Delicious ... To the French Quarter already, hello?!?!The best pizza I've had in LA by far!!
Wish I lived here, they would be on my speed dialNY style! Thin, folds perfectly and tastes like more!!!  You WON'T be disappointed!!!This is the best pizza in NOLA. I come here again and again. The staff is friendly and the people who eat here are like extended family members.Expensive but worth every penny. Not a lot of places can survive in a neighborhood on its own but this pizza is the best I've ever tasted! Everything is handmade. I always can appreciate an open window to the kitchen area where you can find the workers washing fresh spinach or hand tying the garlic knots!
As soon as you sink your teeth in one of those delicious slices, you can breathe in the freshness like never before! It's rather expensive (about $2-$2.50 for one slice) but the slices are really big. Unfortunately, buying a whole pizza will run you at least $20. If it's special---surpreme, pepperoni, or anything with toppings--it will cost you about $25 for an entire pizza. It's reasonable depending on what's being ordered. The garlic knots are the best thing ever. $4 for two handfuls of garlicy goodness!!We decided to spend a weekend in the Bywater just to enjoy a different part of New Orleans. So glad we did or else we likely never would have trekked out of the way to Pizza Delicious. Now, it will be hard to come to town without visiting this joint. Order up and then take a seat - your food will arrive shortly. I thought the art work was very interesting and unique. We started with a House Salad which was very fresh and tasty - the shaved Provolone on top really cinched the deal. We went with the Margherita Pizza. The crust was as thin as any I've ever had with a little crisp to it. The sauce was excellent and the olive oil, fresh basil and fresh mozzarella combined for a simple but really great pizza. The crowds were poring in but everything seemed to flow smoothly. This place is a winner and we can't wait to come back.Pizza D is great!  I tried a slice of pepperoni and two of their specialty pies, and I must say that I think plain old Pepperoni was the favorite of my fiance and I.  A meal here can be pretty cheap if you stick to a few slices of pizza.  Add a pasta as we did and it can get a little pricier, but still not expensive.  It can be kind of crowded, though they do have an outdoor seating area.  We waited a few minutes after we ordered to get a table, but we were able to before the food arrived, so all was well.Pizza Delicious comes well recommended, and for good reason. Arguably the best thin crust pizza in NOLA! Exactly what I was looking for.
The menu is limited, which originally deferred me- I'm picky about my red sauces and also do not eat meat. The BF and I went around 9 PM. You order at a counter, they have a few taps and a wine selection, and inside or outside seating. The guests and staff alike were diggin the 80s to 90s dancey playlist. 
We ordered two slices of pepperoni, a slice of cheese, and a slice of their spinach and roasted garlic with red peppers and onions. It was their vegan option but I added "regular" cheese instead. For under $3, the slices were huge. My specialty slice was full of toppings, as was the BFs pepperoni slices. The pizza is simple, fresh, and perfect. 
Why only 4 stars? The outside seating has a slight "I'm next to a dumpster" smell, and we did tango with a roach or two. Cockroaches are plentiful in NOLA and not a fault of the establishment, but it did dampen the atmosphere for a crybaby like myself.Amended review. I gave them another shot and it was the regular folks I was used to in there. It MADE ALL THE DIFFERENCE. Sorry for the bad review that appears to have been isolated to an off night with possibly new folks working but my wife and I both enjoyed our slices today. Very good. I'm not a hater but that one night of bad food/service should not have prompted me to go in so harshly although I was pissed. Still a quality joint that deserves your business.The best, Jerry! Don't forget to get a cauliflower or broccoli roll. I like mine with a side of marinara. The pasta special with the meatball and the vegan pastas are killer, too. Eat it.Stop the presses.  I have definitely found my go to pizza joint.  And this place is definitely worth all the hype; and then some.  I did a recon mission before my first visit to scope it out  and drove right past it  because the roll down shutter had not yet been opened, and it looked like just another industrial storefront.  However, I did a second pass just a short time later and the place was already half full.  This was a good sign!
 With it's industrial styled bench seating, polished concrete floors and order at the counter service, don't expect a 5 star decor or waiters.  But what you DO get is a 5 star pie. Now that I have a few visits under my belt, I have had the pleasure of trying several different pies; and they have been delicious (pardon the pun) every single time.
So far I have had:
1.  Pepperoni - This was my very 1st taste of P.D., and it did not dissapoint.  Piping hot, overloaded with pepperonis and as big as a 6 month old child, this slice of yummy goodness had me hooked.
2.  Hot coppa - This special of the day pizza was loaded down with cappicola, which is an Italian cold cut (ham) made from dried, cured pork.  Not sure if it is a regular offering, but I'd definitely get it again....and again....and again!
3.  Margherita - Fresh basil, even though its chopped, can be tasted in every bite.  I particularly like how they use sliced mozzarella instead of the shredded variety.  I'm not sure if this can be ordered by the slice as my memory tells me that you had to get the whole pie.  (Sorry, but I was in a self induced pizza stupor by this time and can not recall).
4.  Prosciutto - Made from the hind quarter of a pig or boar, this Italian ham cures for 6-9 months and literally melts in your mouth when you eat it.  Who knew meat could melt? (Well it does)  I'm just glad P.D. decided to put it on their pie.
5.  Gnocchi with braised chicken all' amatriciana - These potato dumplings were rolled to order, as we watched them start as soon as we placed our order.  When the dish came out I was at first disappointed that I did not see any chicken.  However, as soon as I stuck my fork in, I was greeted by what looked like an entire boneless chicken breast mixed in with the delicious sauce and ample cheese.  If you've never had gnocchi, try theirs.
Until I tried Pizza Delicious, I was a Chicago style pizza lover.  However, now that I've sampled the perfect pie (sorry ladies), I am now also a lover of the "thin stuff"!   I can hardly wait to go back as I want to try them all....again.....and again.....and again!Disappointed. Going back to Reginelli's or Theos. Not for me. Great building. Great people. Uuuummmm? The food?I've eaten at Pizza Delicious twice and I'm impressed. The specials are interesting (one time they had a pizza with Brussel sprouts, another time - with peppadew, fresh arugula and prosciutto) and the rolls (I've tried broccoli and cauliflower) are probably the best thing on the menu.
If you get your pizza by the slice, it's really cheap. Our total (two slices of pizza, three rolls and two beers) came up to just over $20.
Don't miss the delicious, fresh tasting cookies for dessert, too.Pizza Ordinary 
Wife and I decided to try out this place due to the great reviews. We ordered a house salad and a pepperoni pizza. The pizza was good but not special compared to other pizza places in the area. Salad was good and the prices for both were reasonable. I actually had better pizza at other top ranked places.Love the pizza - I just wish it was easier to get a seat! Outside seating helps in the fall and winter, but this is New Orleans...
It's helpful that they've put the drink machine outside the cashier, so you can get your own refillsPizza D, Pizza D, Pizza D, what is all the fuss about?! The good things, staff is super friendly and I really dig the style (decor) of the place. 
Now the pizza is good, nice thin crust, good cheese and sauce but nothing to die for. I recommend the hot coppa (sundried tomatoes and caramelized onions). I find the pepperoni consistently greasy and agree with one of the others Yelpers that the cheese is under cheesed. 
Now I will admit that I have not tried the pasta dishes so I look forward to those, maybe they will earn you the half star I'm giving here.Let me first say, I was an obese Italian man in a previous life. Just kidding. However, I REALLY enjoy pizza! After moving to New Orleans in October, we were not thrilled with any of the pizza places we had tried. We literally live above Reginelli's. I guess it's a good thing their pizza isn't great. I'd be too tempted. Any rate, you MUST go to  Pizza D!!! The pizza(pie) is impeccable!! It has the perfect amount of pepperoni- so it's not greasy. The crust has the perfect bite to it. The portion is generous compared to the price. After we tried Pizza D, I'll confess: we had it 3 times the first week (okay, you caught me. 3 times within the first 5 days. We couldn't make it a whole week without some Pizza D.).Start with the basic pepperoni pie and you'll fall in love. JUST DO IT! You won't be sorry. Lastly, the vibe is chill and the staff are awesome!When I heard there was an NYC style pizza place operating in New Orleans I was, to say the least, ecstatic. My friends who had to sit through my musings and predictions as to how this experience could fare were just about ready to kill me, until I went for the first time. 
Let me start by saying, the pizza was fantastic. I can't stress enough how happy the burgeoning pizza culture of New Orleans makes me. The crust, the sauce/cheese proportion, even the price! If you are like me (and anyone else with tastebuds) and think pizza from the northeast is superior to all other types, this is your place. 
My dissatisfaction with Pizza D begins at the counter. As a native New Jerseyan I was salivating with excitement upon approaching the counter. In response to my playful (and rhetorical) question inquiring when they might open an uptown location, the vacant cashier threw me a vague look of disgust and leaked the words "probably, uh, never..." while before chuckling to himself. 
Ok I get it. Bywater and Marigny people are far superior to any of us living west of Esplanade. And sure, you want to bring a little piece of the "hustle and bustle" of NYC down here to go along with your pizza place (or Philly if you're frequenting Stein's). But there is a not so fine line between hurrying your customers on a Friday night so as to get every pizza order correct and sent off, and being down right rude to your paying customers.
There isn't a single job in the world where building a good rapport between client and business isn't possible, but a neighborhood pizza place should be the pinnacle of this relationship! One piece of advice from a humble pizza lover: consider the fact that restaurant visitation isn't only about the food, it's about the experience you have.This is definitely the best NY style pizza I've had outside of the city itself. I grew up in Connecticut eating NY style and New Haven style pizza (the latter is widely considered best pizza in the country, and is definitely the best I've had so far). I went to college at Fordham University eating pizza from Arthur Avenue (the real little Italy) and have eaten at countless pizza places in Brooklyn and Manhattan. My point is that I've had a lot of really good pizza. Pizza Delicious is hands down the best NY style pizza I've had outside of the city and probably the best pizza overall I've had outside of the Northeast. My girlfriend and I stopped in while visiting New Orleans, where we were staying in the Bywater area, just to grab a quick, cheap lunch and were thoroughly surprised by how good it is. A lot of places around the country claim to serve authentic NY style pizza but merely serve standard pizza in the form of a giant slice. Pizza delicious nails the the crust, thin and pretty crunchy but not unbearably so. The sauce to cheese ratio was spot on and they had a great choice of specialty options or just the standard cheese, pepperoni, or Margherita. More impressive is the fact that the price was super reasonable. Can't recommend this place enough for people in the Big Easy looking for great pizza.I love this place!!! They keep it simple.  They have your standard pizzas available everyday (pepperoni, cheese, and margarita).  They have two daily specials which are always really tasty and interesting combinations.  The garlic knots and salads are fantastic as well. Basically any special (pizza or salad wise) by these folks is a guaranteed hit.Well, I'm not thoroughly disappointed... the pizza is good. I've only eaten here for the first time last night, and I wasn't used to the theme of the restaurant. It's really for hipsters. Small and quaint. The restaurant is self seating, self-serve, and self clean. I just wish the person at the front counter would have been so kind as to be more informative about that cause I definitely didn't know about the self cleaning part. Its no problem, but I just would have liked to be told up front. So I'm here to tell you that... otherwise, its ok.I am still looking for the best pizza, but since I've had Pizza Delicious, I haven't been able to find it. Hands down the best we've ever had. Try the pepperoni or margarita pizzas, they're to die for! Oh, and make SURE you get the garlic knots. Anything this good can't be healthy, but it's worth it.Read about this place on yelp. We tried the eggplant parmesan with thin crust. The pizza pie was pretty big about 18 inches. It tasted better than my expectations. Oh yea and the art on the wall was kinda coolI enjoyed most of the sides. I like the pepperoni roll which was different from anything else I've had before. Lots of pepperoni. I highly recommend. The garlic knots were very garlicky which I also enjoyed. Pizza was not bad.  We got it to go. I also had the Caesar salad which was large and tasty. I recommend.Amazing pizza, what can I say. The pepperoni roll and cauliflower roll was to die for and would order them again and again. There are 2 other rolls I'd like to try now. There was a line when I arrived but it moved quickly and the meal came out promptly. Very relaxed casual atmosphere and a full pizza, 2 rolls, garlic knots and two drinks $35. Just wish it was closer to my place in the 1/42 slices of pepperoni, caramelized onions & fresh garlic (they were out of roasted garlic) pizza w/ a Ceasar salad. The pizza didn't just smell, it STUNK SO GOOD & tasted even better! Salad was good & BIG. Got a side of kalamata olives that were very tasty. The location is very interesting, exterior is unassuming and I had to drive through a not so good part of town but it was definitely worth it.Docked two stars because we waited 20-30 minutes for four slices of pizza and an order of garlic knots, and when the pizza got to us it was lukewarm, not to mention that the garlic knots were not as plentiful as other orders/what I had remembered.
I realize that they just opened, but it boggles the mind as to why they thought that one register would be sufficient. With a line out the door, they were alternating take-out orders with those on line. As in, would ring up multiple take out orders (one receipt said expedite on it, so I guess they were more important than us? IDK) while customers were waiting to order. 
They need to figure out a better system of getting the orders in. Maybe using a computer based or iPad based point of sale system while taking in person orders at the register? They also need to figure out how to keep it consistent, temperature, quantity, and quality-wise.
I am definitely going to wait a few months before going back.
All of this being said, the pizza and garlic knots were as delicious as last time, and I maintain my belief that this is easily the best pizza in NOLA.The first time I went here I ordered a cauliflower roll with my slice. Gotta say, it was quite a delicious morsel. I now can not go in there without ordering one. Sometimes they are out and it ruins my day. I wish they came in a full cauliflower head serving. I would eat it all and happiness would follow.
Their slices are tasty too. Nice, crisp and thin. They have great unique daily pie specials. 
Dessert options are lacking. The sweet menu consists of a few different cookies. I've tried them all and while they are good but I usually need more then a cookie to satisfy my sweet tooth. In the summer, I go across the street to Piety Street Sno-balls to round out my meal.
Service has always been fast and friendly.The name says it all! I love that you can get pizza by the slice. The atmosphere is cool and laid back. They also offer really good local craft brews. Will definitely be back.I hate reviewing a business that has already been reviewed so many times but the pizza was so disappointing after all the hype I feel a few sentences should suffice.
Got a whole cheese pizza with extra cheese (among other items but I want to review their pizza since the name is Pizza Delicious).
It came out looking beautiful, although lacking in cheese for an extra cheese pizza (I would hate to have seen regular cheese).  The problem was the taste.  Their tangy/spicy pizza sauce is in my opinion unappetizing.  I tried to delude myself that it was Delicious throughout the first slice but but the time I was done and looked to take another slice, the sad reality had sunk in.
I dragged four other people to East Jesus (the Bywater is not close to anything) and bragged about the reviews and the hype so there was a lot of pressure on the pizza to wow.  Without any discussion, the pizza which should have been barely enough for this many people, was sitting there with no takers for the remaining slices.
While New Orleans is by no means a pizza mecca, there are MANY better pizza places in the city: Mark Twain, Brooklyn, Magazine, New York, Cote Sud (even though they are tax cheats who only take cash and have a roach infestation problem) and every national pizza chain to name a few....
Once again, the lemmings who blindly follow their hipster leaders have led themselves over the cliff.
I believe Charles H. summed it up best with his quotable "VAPIDLY GLUM HIPSTER DINERS frolic together in maudlin detached silence".Finding a solid pizza in New Orleans has never been on my list, however, a few years back I had read a little article on this popup.  I kept tabs, tried a couple times on visits but never made it happen.  It was not until this past Jazzfest that I made a point, nay, a mission to have Pizza Delicious.  
I ordered over the phone, hopped a cab and a couple miles later pulled up in front of their building to see a nice hustle and bustle happening inside.  
I convinced my driver to come in for a slice (waiting would have cost more) and ran in for my pizza.  Now taking a pizza away is never going to give you the same result as eating in the establishment, so I took my chances, along with my pizza and we hauled back to the Quarter.  
Once inside, a fresh and only minutes old slice in hand, I folded, bit and enjoyed the flavors that make a good pizza so much better than so many other good foods.
As this was my first time, a simple Margarita was the order of the day.  Our next visit will certainly include a specialty or 2.  It will just depend on the number of people I can rally for dinner.
Good job Pizza Delicious! We shall be back.Loved the pizza and atmosphere.  So excited that wine was served in a rocks glass - just like grandpa used to drink it.  They were super busy, so our food came out a little slower than normal.
The garlic knots left something to be desired.I pretty much exclusively worship at the church of Pizza Delicious because it is by far the best pizza in New Orleans. I do, however, occasionally get pizza uptown because I live uptown and can't always make it out to the Bywater. 
The menu is simple and everything is about quality.  I find the simplicity really refreshing because so many places over complicate pizza these days. This place just does their own thing and they do it really well.
I just have to say that other than having amazing pizza, another thing I like about this place is that I can remember a few years ago when I was in college they were like a pop up pizza place selling pizza and a few other sides out of what appeared to be a commercial kitchen in a basement only 1 or 2 days a week. Now they have their own restaurant. 
The only downside is that it is not very close to where I live. None the less it is absolutely worth the drive and probably even a special journey because it is actually that good.this place is great...but....
i've found hair in my salad 2x in the past couple months.  i get it, things happen every now and then, and one time is a fluke, but  two times?  
now i'm kinda grossed out... and i think i'll stick to the pizza, which is so-far, hairless. 
every time i get a hair in my food i will remove another star from this review....This is the best pizza I have ever had next to some pizza I had in Brooklyn NY. Every time I am over on that side of town I HAVE to get it. The crust is 10/10. Also very reasonably priced.  However the staff has been a little snobby multiple times. Luckily for them their pizza is so good it doesn't stop me from going.This place makes great pizza. It's as close to Philadelphia style pizza as I've had anywhere outside of Philly. Philadelphia takes their pizza pretty damn seriously, and there's a huge emphasis on a great crust. Pizza D NAILS THE CRUST. 10/10. Seriously amazing. Just the right thickness, just the right amount of char on the crust, and not too floppy. The slices are huge and you can pick them up and eat them no problem. That's a great crust.The perfect pizza for me - thin/chewy crust, well balanced sauce, super cheesy, high quality and fresh ingredients, plus DELICIOUS weekly specials and plenty of options for vegetarians :)Pizza is fantastic and the garlic knots are so great. I definitely would recommend the garlic knots & rolls to anyone who goes. All of their pizzas are fantastic and everyone in my group was full and happy. The atmosphere is welcoming and the people are kind. And great little restaurant in the beautiful neighborhood of Bywater.I first noticed this place when going to an event at the IronWorks across the street. I said, "Where is that smell coming from?" The kind of wafting garlic, cheese, and tomato smell that awakens the gremlin in your stomach and causes your brain stem to activate basal desires at the expense of all intellectual thought.
I will say that the experience of interactive mechanical art (at IronWorks) blanketed in the aroma of pizza made me feel like I was in a fantasy movie where the villain is a chef.
So naturally, I came back with friends, just for the pizza. The menu is simple: three different staple pizzas at $13 (cheese), $16 (pepperoni), and $17 (margherita), plus whatever two specials they have going on that day, for $20 per pie (the website has a list of previous specials). They come in one size: NY style ginormous. So sharing one with friends is quite the value. The three of us shared the margherita pizza, which features mozzarella, premesan, basil, and olive oil. Even though it was enormous, we polished off the thing. The ingredients were all fresh and flavorful. It was some of the best pizza I've had in the city. Plus it was just the right floppy to be foldable... for those who really enjoy the NY style.
I've seen a lot of great reviews on their side items, so I will be back at some point for those. They also have plenty of vegetarian and vegan options, for those who aren't into the delectable meats.Ok My wife and I love Pizza Delicious, but I was very disrespected when the Blonde Cashier with tons of makeup didn't hand my credit to  me. I placed my credit card in her hand to pay my bill, but she placed it on the table and wouldn't even attempt to put place it back in my hand. I had to mention to her and she just brushed it off.  I've visited this Pizza Delicious on many occasions and the pizza is exceptional. This is not a knock on the product, but the customer service was horrible. I really hope this problem is solved so other customers don't experience it. Thanks.. Larry Jr.For about a year, there was a pizza-sized hole in my life. Having moved from Brooklyn to New Orleans with my girlfriend, a common topic for despair was the lack of a great pie in the Crescent City. When friends enthusiastically took us to Slice, we politely chewed our way through the meal and then went home to confess our disappointment and feeling of betrayal.
We started hearing rumors of a New York style pizza that you could only buy on certain days of the week. You had to order hours in advance. They only had two kinds of pizza at a time. The location was a secret window in the Bywater. I was able to find the associated blog and ordered my pizza hours in advance for an 8pm pickup. That night we ate an arugula pizza that turned everything around. We'd found Nirvana, and it was called Pizza Delicious. 
For months we ate Pizza Delicious every Sunday. Eventually, PD got its own brick-and-mortar restaurant a few blocks from its original location. We were wary. Would Pizza Delicious go Hollywood and lose its cred? We visited opening night and were thrilled to see that the expansion of the menu and offerings had only improved the restaurant.
Now a bustling restaurant open six days a week, Pizza Delicious is killing it. Their salads are great. Their pasta is great. Their rolls are great. They offer hard-to-find draft beers. 
Some tips: 1. Get a special pie. The weirder it sounds, the better. Pizza Delicious is not capricious in adding special pizzas: they do extensive testing before adding something to the lineup. 2. Try going a little off-hours. Pizza Delicious can get super crowded during peak hours or when something big is happening in the Bywater/Marigny area. 3. Mother-effing cauliflower rolls. Enough said. They're blissful doughy bad boys that rival anything else on the menu.Update: 6/6/13
I JUST wrote my review of Pizza Delicious yesterday (see below.) It was my First 5 Star review EVER. Tonight I get a over cook pizza (see photos) So disappointed. I'd bring it back if I lived in Bywater. Not going out  of my way anymore.  Looks like  my Dukedom at Reginnelli's is intact.
Pizza Delicious you are my Bywater Mistress. My secret until now. I am sharing our love. I have Slice and Reginelli's within walking distance from my home but I can't anymore. You had me at Delicious.This is the best pizza in the city, in fact, its the only pizza here that I love.  Huge, super thin crust and tasty toppings. Last night I had their pasta special with pulled pork and cabbage on house made pasta and I was really torn between liking the pizza or pasta more. I'd say spring for the extra buck and get the house made pasta if available. I only wish this place was closer to my house, but it has quickly become  one of my favorite restaurants.Had pepperoni and the white pie special and it was about as good as a pizza can get will for sure be back!There's one pizza that I've tried here that I absolutely loved (the Hawaiian specialty) ... everything else has been pretty meh. And it has to be because I'm just not a fan of "New York-style" pizza. I'm a mid-western girl at heart and prefer my pizza crust to be thicker, crustier and more "Chicago-style". 
I've spent a lot of money here trying to love their pizza because everyone constantly raves about it ... and I was beginning to think I was going crazy since I just never fell absolutely in love with it. But one day I just gave up ... I was like, ya know? I don't really like it. And that's okay. 
So I don't really order the pizza anymore unless one of their specialty pizzas sounds off-the-hook. 
But having said that, everything else on their menu I adore. Their salads are great, their broccoli/cauliflower/pepperoni rolls are amazing ... and their garlic knots (make sure to get a side of marinara) are addicting as hell, as well as being a pretty good deal. (just a tip, don't eat them if you're planning on kissing anyone who hasn't partaken in the garlic knots as well, as they are POTENT)
The service is spotty though. On one day I'll get the friendliest cashier ever taking my order ... then the next I'll get the surliest cashier ever.The new location is great and they now have beer  & wine! They have done a remarkable job in renovating the warehouse space to a dining room. But best of all the pizza is still the greatest. Definitely try the garlic knots!Pizza Delicious has brought great pizza to New Orleans. Not only does the pizza taste incredible, but Mike and Greg have done an amazing job creating a great atmosphere for people to eat in, drink up, and hangout. They also make their own pasta, great salads, and have a handful of brews on tap. If you're craving some NYC za with splash of New Orleans flavor, definitely check out Pizza Delicious for sure.This pizza is to be savored. I may have to start getting a weekly margherita pizza fix! The crust is thin and chewy, sauce is flavorful and fresh, and basil is fragrant. Soooo good! Don't miss out on this place. It is what I imagine pizza in Italy might taste like!We visited last night and it was the best experience ever. We had an issue with our first pizza, and the staff which was extremely friendly came out and told us. They gave us free garlic knots and bread while we waited. 
We got the margarita pizza which was fantastic. The pizza was full of flavor and made with fresh ingredients. My friend accidentally dropped our pizza on the ground:( when the staff noticed they came out and not only cleaned it up but offered us a free pizza.  That was beyond my expectations bc it was our fault. While we waited for our pizza they gave us another round of garlic knots. The second pizza was excellent and we enjoyed it
The customer service is outstanding. They have an herb garden outside of the Resturant that I loved. I would recommend this place to anyone and everyone. The employees take pride in their product and want to make sure you have an amazing experience.I love this place! Fast service. Friendly staff. New York style thin crust pizza and I can get a slice instead of a whole pizza. Beautiful salads. And yummy cookies for dessert!Pizza Delicious is aptly named. The pizza is, in fact, delicious. So delicious it probably deserves a capital D.
Pizza only comes in one size and that size is "comically large." Word to the wise: just get a slice. Two of us shared a pizza (8 pieces) and barely managed to finish 3 pieces between us. 
It probably didn't help that we'd already burned through the garlic knots and Caesar salad. Neither dish should be missed. The garlic knots have a perfect texture and consistency and manage to walk a fine garlicky line: very garlicky without being overpowering. The Caesar was also excellent. Light and peppery but not too peppery. I could never have imagined getting excited over a Caesar salad, but this one is worth drooling over.
Pizza Delicious attracts a good crowd of locals (if by locals I mean gentrifiers; ironic tattoos and well-groomed moustaches abound). There is wifi but it's a tease. The wifi is not for customers. The ambiance feels like it would fit better in the Warehouse District, but Pizza Delicious manages to feel right at home in Bywater. 
I'll be back for a slice the next time I want great pizza in New Orleans.Forreal, the most Delicious of the Delicious: the garlic knots. On a good day, they pull apart so tenderly like a warm shoe string. Pizza D got dat good Crystal sauce ready and the slices are cheap for the hood and the service is fast as hell. Got my garlic knots today in about three minutes. I go there most days cause it's good and I love pizza. See ya there :::)))I am a born and raised NYer. My family is from NOLA so I moved to NOLA last august to be closer to them and my daughter and I were so tired of trying "NY Pizza" here that wasn't. We eventually gave up and just decided it was probably impossible due to different weather to get a pizza crust right. Now, keep in mind a true NY slice isn't all fancy. Its a medium crust, oooey gooey cheese and a good sauce. It isnt procuitto and fresh mozzerella. Thats fancy pizza. We wanted a slice. The kind you get for 2 bucks after school. 
Pizza delicious is that slice. Yes, they have some fancier pies, but truly their plain cheese slice is pretty damn close to NYC slice of pizza. It is all it should be at a price it should be. If you go there during the day, run across the street and get a yummy snowball and if the piety market is going on stop by my booth and get some soap!  
Thank you pizza delicious. You are awesome.
Oh, btw, try their Ceaser Salad. Holy sweet mother of god I want a pitcher of that dressing to put on everything. YUM!There is a reason delicious is in the name !!! We went there one night before the Lion King to try it out. We ordered some garlic knots and each a slice of pizza. Just the sheer flavor and size of the pizza was just awesome. It's New York style pizza with tons of flavor end of story. The garlic knots are really good with an authentic garlic flavor. Could not talk better about this place !!This is indeed the best NY style pizza in New Orleans. It's fun, too, because it fulfills our speakeasy, undergroundish, fly by night fantasies while supplying amazing (and pretty much legal?) goods. I love that I can call at noon on Thursday or Sunday and pick up an enormous pie, decadent King Cake slices (sometimes), and garlic knots after work for a lazy evening in. Excellent value, too. 
The employees could easily have Bywater-hipster-cult attitudes but THEY DON'T!! They are so super nice and accomodating even when I am sure the phones are ringing off the hook. I look forward to Pizza Delicious and a bottle of wine on my couch with Netflix at least twice a month!This is good pizza. It tastes yummy. Good stuff there. There is great service and the people are cool. It tastes yummy and there is a lot of stuff to choose from.Heaven on earth. Must eat for pizza fans. Had the white pizza with olives and garlic knots on the side. Orgasm in my mouth.This is one of my favorite places. It's a casual, cool environment. The kitchen is open for the any happy viewers. There are an array of team work making your pizza back there. I love that they have varying menus and the food is consistently good.This place has "pizza" down to an art form. Fresh ingredients, great atmosphere, friendly unpretentious service, and clean.
Definitely coming back.My goodness, I love me some Pizza D. Great environment, stellar staff, and the best pizza in town. To be honest though, I think my favorite thing here are the Pepperoni Rolls. If I ever have a bad day at work, I swing by and get a couple. If you live in NOLA and haven't stopped by Pizza D, you're missing out!You want REAL pizza? Come visit here. Also, treat yourself to the garlic knots with the marinara sauce. Seriously you won't be disappointed.The name says it all. REALLY!  With all of the great AND plentiful spots Nola has to offer, I must admit that I wouldn't normally choose to head to a pizza place first.  However, I'm glad I did on this night and I will certainly be back. My husband and I planned to take the kids out for dinner and had just been told about this place by good friends from Chicago. They know good pizza!
     We got a basic pepperoni pizza and a salad. They were both so insanely good. This is by far the best pizza I have ever had in New Orleans. 
     They offer indoor and outdoor dining. I can't wait to return to try the pizza roll and get that delicious salad again!  Another Bywater beauty with fantastic food!I've been here twice.  The pizza is huge!!  It's also really greasy like Italian Pie greasy where you have to get the paper towel and dab it because it's just so much grease. :(   They don't have sweet tea (but a nasty syrup sweetener).  Small place and is usually really crowded.  It's okay but I'm not dying to go back again.The pizza is a decent reproduction of New York style pizza, nothing special. The service is very confused and inattentive, we got our appetizers much after our pizza. There was nothing here that really impressed me or made me want to come back.
It really comes off as a hipster place that thinks it's way  more interesting and unique than it actually is. And half the customers are trying really hard to buy into that "it's cool so I'm cool because I'm here and I love it" vibe.You know the pizza is good when your friends from New York request to go here when they are in town. Best pizza in the city - hands downThis place has creative pizza and taste salads. I always enjoy it when I go. It has been a great addition to the NOLA pizza scene.I've been here multiple times and pizza has been phenomenal. Unfortunately, this last visit was disappointing. The pizza slices decreased in size and they overcooked the slices and the garlic knots. Something happened after they came back from their month leave in August. I'll go back one more time to see if they fixed this.Pizza Delicious is the kind of place that has a story that is both interesting & compelling and is an experience that is tough to duplicate.
Interesting because not too long ago a couple of pizza loving New York transplants decided that since they couldn't find the pizza from their hometown, then they would just make it themselves.  One has to appreciate the sincere desire to bring a taste of home to a city that really lacks a lot of high quality pizza of any kind, let alone a damned good NY pizza.   Fast forward a few months and Mike Friedman and Greg Augarten are renting space one day a week out of the commercial kitchen (its name is 'Delicious' btw) in resurgent Bywater neighborhood of NOLA.   The concept is right on really, make the pizza you love for the neighborhood you currently live in and love.   Bywater in particular lacks a neighborhood pizza place so it makes a ton of business sense as well, however I got the feeling that these guys would be running this business no matter what.
So here is the drill.  They now make pizzas two days a week, Sunday's and Thursday's.  PD opens at 5pm and sells pies until they run out of dough, straight up.  The menu for the upcoming day is posted on their blog a couple of days in advance.  Due to overwhelming demand they start taking orders on the two business days at 12-noon.  If you call early enough and get lucky, you may just hit the pizza jackpot for dinner that night.
Sensing that we may have a tough time landing a pizza we made sure we called them right at 12-noon.   Little did we know that one of the owners, Mike, would be taking the orders himself.  I ordered up a classic pepperoni pizza and a NY margherita for a 6pm pickup.
Once 6pm rolled around we found ourselves in the Bywater district and in the middle of the annual St. Patricks Day parade.  We quickly got away from it and made our own parking spot in the crazy neighborhood parking scene.   Finding the PD building proved to be a little difficult as it essentially looks like a house from the street and they are buried in a residential location.  We made our way through their door to a makeshift take-out window, and our pizzas were hot and waiting.
We wasted no time tearing into these behemoth NY-style pies.    The guys are making a really good product at PD.  They clearly did their homework.  Both pizzas featured a perfect thin crust that was golden brown, airy and chewy (check the pics).  The cheese on both pies was top of the line mozzarella (I was nosy and confirmed that as well) and freshly shredded parm.   The margherita pie featured fresh pressed garlic and cut basil (post-bake).   From a taste standpoint PD has a ton of balance.  For us, that is pretty much the best compliment you can pay a pie shop.  The freshness flowed from start to finish and we managed to overeat and leave feeling like we were headed for a food coma.   If I were to complain about anything, (and I will admit this is a little bit of a stretch), it's that they overloaded the pep and it made the pizza overly greasy & a tad soggy which took away from the crispiness I would have otherwise enjoyed.  Lesson learned though.
We found the staff of Pizza Delicious to be just about the friendliest and most helpful people we have run across at a pizza place.   They invited us in before I told them who we were (and that I was really on a recon mission from Austin)...and then they answered a few of my snobby pizza questions while they baked up more pizzas.  Pizza lover to pizza lovers.    What more could you ask for?
Here is the bottom line on Pizza Delicious; no pizza lover's trip to NOLA should be complete without a stop into this place.  To us, if they want it...it's just a matter of time before these guys blow up big in NOLAI will say the Pizza was pretty Delicious, by New Orleans standards. There aren't many spots, let alone good ones, to just get a nice, big, simple slice in this city. I don't entirely understand the hype around this place, however. Maybe I'm being a big ol' pizza snob, but this would just Pizza Deregular in many other parts of the country. It's a good pie, but is it worth the high price? I guess in the land of the blind the one eyed man is king (okay, they aren't one eyed, more like two eyes with like 20/30 vision.) 
I've only ever had the pizza, so I can't speak for the rest of the menu, but it looks like they have some good options made with local ingredients. They switch out their specials often, so there is always something interesting if plain cheese isn't enough for you. Casual, family environment, but full-blown cafeteria-style bleak. It's a great place for a quick bite and a beer.Funky/fresh part of town - will definitely come back for the Saturday Piety street market and grab a slice of "D" while wondering around.  
We ordered half margherita half mushroom and spinach pesto.  I enjoyed the outer crust.  And the garlic bites were delicious!  Margherita had nice fresh basil but the mozzarella was bland - and the spinach pesto wasn't as fresh as I'd hoped - sorry Pizza Delicious - I've been wanting to try this place for a long time and was bummed it wasn't the best pizza in Nola.  Worth your time if you are in the area.  Still gotta give props to Midway Pizza even though it is not a New York style pizza like Pizza Delicious, it's still #1 in the metro.Pretty disappointed with this pizza. Our uber driver suggested trying it because it is supposedly the best pizza in the area. I don't know if it's because we went towards the end of the night or what but we got a half pepperoni half margarita pizza. When we got it home it was very burnt on the bottom. The cheese was also a bit burnt. Flavor wasn't even that good. Wouldn't recommend!Awesome place! Whenever I want a good pie I get takeout from Pizza Delicious. It's aptly named and it doesn't get any better than this spot. Finding good pizza in Nola is too hard in my opinion but look no further, this place is a gem for pizza lovers and connoisseurs alike. My boyfriend is from NY and he fancies himself the latter and he loves their pies. Order a pizza from here. Do it.This place is AWESOME. The Pizza and salads that we ordered were amazing.  Rating it a 4 because seating sucked.  We had to wait around for others to leave.  Small small seating area and we're only a family of four. I would definitely eat here again BUT it will be a "to-go" order.So thankful to live near Pizza D. I come here almost daily for the pizza, but it's just as much the people working here that make this place special. When you have good pizza and good people serving it, you don't need much else. Their pasta is also great. I eat the pasta carbonara when I'm really hungry or two slices of pepperoni which is my regular. The garlic knots are also really good. Only bummer is sometimes it is so busy there is no room to sit, but I've gotten used to sharing tables with strangers if I'm not in a large group.The pizza here is hands down the best in town. The crust is so mouth-watering good and the sauce is perfect. All the ingredients on the pizzas are fresh and the salads are the bomb too! I love to order take out, but the restaurant is always clean and a fun place to people watch. Good Eats For Sure!I am happy to drive all the way across New Orleans for this New York style pizza. The slices are huge, thin and a little crispy with delicious stringy, melted cheese. The pizza isn't the only thing, though. You can order original, organic fusion pastas and salads as well as alcohol and desserts. What more could you possibly ask for outside of original NOLA artwork on the walls and an outdoor seating area? Right. Nothing.Pizza Delicious  = Delicious Pizza! This is definitely the base for New York style pizza in New Orleans.
It had taken me a while to get here. In the past, when it was just a hole in the wall, I would try to call in on one of the few days they were open to make an order, and they would tell me that it would take 2 hours for my order.  Gone are those days.
Pizza Delicious is now open pretty much all the time, and there's ample seating.  You just go up to the counter and make your order, and you bus your own table.  While we were sitting, there were many people coming in an out to pick up their orders as well.
We had the Margherita Pizza, the whole pie (18 inches), but were only able to eat half of it.  Only because we had ordered one pepperoni roll and one broccoli roll.  I would say that I definitely liked the pepperoni roll more than the broccoli roll.  I liked the broccoli roll, but my partner did not like it at all.  As for the Margherita, it was awesome!  The ingredients were so fresh and flavorful, and I was able to fold that pizza right in half. I loved that when I bit into that pizza, the mozzarella was still melting and connected itself to my mouth and the pie in long stringy pieces. I also really like the fact that they didn't over-sauce the pizza, like some other places, and that the pizza didn't have a lot of grease on it as well.
Next time, I'm going to order individual slices of the different pizzas to try them out.  I only wish they had some other meat options on their limited menu, other than pepperoni.Nothing special, especially if your used to good pizza. Only had slices which were served cold. Beet salad was just ok. Had to take cab from hotel to get there, would not go out of my way again.We visited from New York and loved loved the restaurant.  The pizza is great especially the white pizza.  They fold in spinach with the ricotta cheese add cherry tomatoes and olive oil- fantastic. They do many specialty toppings on the pizzas.  The rosemary potato pie was delicious as well.  They serve specialty salads and wonderful garlic knots as well.  
The restaurant is clean - great artwork on the walls and the service was great.Interesting out-of-the-way place but the pizza was a disappointment. The dough was tough. The pasta okay but nothing out of the ordinary. It's over-rated.Best pizza in NOLA hands down. Pizza in New Orleans is generally pretty meh. Nothing comes close to this.  I could eat a million of their broccoli and cauliflower rolls.  Make sure to ask for extra sauce on the side to dip rolls and garlic knots in. Vegan cheese option on pizzas.My husband and I had pizza delivered to our hotel the night before we were married a few years back. We raved about how fantastic it was.... but could not remember the name of the pizza place! This is it! I'm in NOLA now... and getting some to bring home!!Okay, so first & foremost, it should be noted that i'm originally from Philly & surrounding areas & grew up eating pizza multiple times a week. That being said, the pizza i've eaten for the past 11 years since moving to New Orleans has always proven to be, well... substandard. I'd been hearing that Pizza Delicious' pizza was awesome, but had never gotten around to checking them out until a couple weeks back. They'd called our restaurant up asking if we wanted to do a food trade. I'm grateful that they reached out, because we did... And it was good.
It was so good, in fact, that a week later i couldn't decide where to eat so i got that week's specialty pie, vegan style (That's right, they've got mozzarella flavor Daiya cheese for a few bucks more). It was some specialty pie native to Rome & had potatoes as one of the toppings. It sounded interesting, so I figured "why not". I'd never had potatoes on pizza but I love me some potatoes anyway. Not to mention, broccoli is my favorite pizza topping (although sadly not found on pizza down here) & is probably just plain weird to most people. This pizza was divinity! It was unlike any pizza I'd eaten before (ie the potatoes) & was straight up the best pizza I'd ever had in Louisiana. It was akin to what i ate growing up, which I'd pretty much concluded wasn't possible down here. They're really nice kids too, so go give them your money. I'm sure I'll be eating here once a month or so.
Oh and I've seen some haters hating on the fact that it's in the Bywater & that their hours are erratic. Neighborhood-wise, we ALL think our neighborhoods are the best. That's why we all live in the places we do! I don't live in the Bywater, but I'd say it's worth a trip from wherever you are in the city if you want respectable pizza. In regard to the hours, they've been working with what they've got & building to bigger & better things. Everyone starts somewhere & not every entrepreneur has access to mad cash... So go show them some love & aid them along in that endeavor!Pizza is freaking awesome here!! My new favorite pizza spot. Had it a few time. Loving the outside heater for the customers. Everything was on point. The only thing i didnt like is the pasta. Not to big on it, but other than that! The best pizza spot!!Wasn't expecting top notch pizza out of New Orleans but this place blew my mind. Probably one of the top pizzas I've had in multiple cities/countries. Perfect crust, great size, price, and toppings. Gives me and excuse to stop eating seafood for one meal while in NOLA.I went here because everyone I know raved about it being the best pizza in New Orleans but ended up being more intrigued by the other menu items - pasta and salad - and I'm glad I diversified. Let me say up front I wasn't impressed with the pizza - the plain cheese slice I got was burnt and the cheese was rubbery. The Hawaiian slice was alright - the sriracha pineapple is a surprisingly nice touch. The eggplant parm was actually my favorite because the eggplant actually had a nice flavor. Which kind of segues into my main point - this place isn't a good pizzeria but it's a good Italian restaurant. I got the arugula and beet salad and it was great - the vinaigrette was tasty and it came with fried goat cheese with the breading being sweet and playing nicely with the cheese's saltiness. The pasta was good too - the bucatini all'amatriciana was cooked to al dente perfection. They have a solid craft beer selection and a nice outdoor area to enjoy your food in. If I lived nearby I'd probably come here semi-frequently, but not for pizza.As a local and a New Yorker I approve. I have also tried pizza all over the city and have not found anything better yet, so great job pizza D fam!You know what's better than their pizza? Their garlic knots and pizza rolls!!!! (Broccoli and Pepperoni are both awesome). Skip the pizza, their sides steal the show!I got a pie from Pizza D a little while ago that was just really, really salty. I mean it had pancetta on it, but still. I had picked up the pie to go and didn't eat it till I was home, so I didn't bother going back or anything.
But apparently this can happen to individual pies. I was told to call or let them know somehow if it happens. If you have a strangely bad experience, I would encourage you to speak up and see what's up.
On a more positive note, my sister and I tried the pasta for the first time last week and we are the biggest fans now. I think we may like the pasta even more than the pizza. We had the Gulf Shrimp with Red Pepper Fettuccine and the other one with Sunday Sauce(?) and they were both very good. My sister left to go back to Houston, so I got to finish all the leftovers!Pizza Delicious is not falsely advertising by taking on this monicker.
It's the best pizza that we've yet experienced in New Orleans, which has thus far proven to not be the best city to grab a slice in.  This pizza was excellent, though! Thin, foldable, enormous slices that tasted great.  My only critique is that the crust doesn't handle extra sauce well, and extra sauce is a must for us.
Regardless, I'm a fan and I'll definitely be back for more.I stopped there to day for a slice of pizza I had two slices and my word don't know what I can say, never had a New York style pizza before but had know idea what to compare it to. But I will say this it was out of this world. Great flavor fresh ingredients
good cheese nice crust never had crust like that before. Service was good pie was more than great. Not a large place to sit and eat unless you go in the middle of the day.Pizza D has gone downhill, I'm sad to say. Not sure who's making your pizzas anymore, but I won't be back. 
Ordered a pizza and salad for delivery the other day. It was supposed to be red onions and guanciale. On an entire $22 pizza there couldn't have been more than about 8 incredibly tiny pieces of meat along with almost no sauce. MMM....dry pizza with no toppings.They were even stingy with the onions, which cost almost nothing. Lots of cheese, though. If I'd wanted cheesy bread I would've made a grilled cheese sandwich and saved $20.
The caesar salad was clearly not fresh either.  There were about four croutons (Seriously? Stingy with croutons too? Who does that?) in the whole thing and the dressing tasted weirdly off.Slices are actually pretty small and they charge extra for vegan cheese on the vegan pizza. Not great, definitely not worth the price. Atmosphere is nice, wait time isn't outrageous, but you can find much better pizza in town. I recommend trying somewhere else unless you're in the neighborhood.The carbonara pasta was delicious! The pancetta in it was nice and crispy! And the outdoor seating was absolutely beautiful.  The pizza was good, but would have been much better if they carried ranch.  Some staff was friendly, others not so much.No question this is the best pizza in NOLA. If you doubt me, have fun proving me wrong. Only those who are deep dish afficionados will disagree. I went there recently with 2 dining companions, and we barely were able to split a $16 pepperoni. The thing looked like a wagon wheel, and it was covered wall to wall in pepperoni, not just a few token guys. Working down next was a perfect thickness of flavorful cheese (no white rubber here), then the best pizza sauce in the city, tangy but not too with a little kick for fun. All of this perfection was sitting atop a thin crust that has no rival that I have found. I will say we asked the guys to cook ours a bit longer based on what we were seeing at other tables and it was a good decision. I was able to try a garlic knot which was quite tasty and will be loved by all those dough lovers out there. And I saw a few margherita pizzas destined for other bellies, and they looked classically NY - buffalo mozz, fresh basil etc. And the special salad looked intriguing too though did not witness anyone going there. I will go back soon and try some other varieties.
And PS awesome wine prices!!Awesome place that was recommend by a fellow local. What a name I thought when he told us. It sure was delicious though. We ordered their pepperoni pizza pie, ceased salad with anchovies and garlic knots. Their off the menu knot-chos are only available on Wednesdays. Boooooo. The pizza came out crispy. The crust was yummy. And the sauce was tasty. The salad was good as well with small white anchovies. The atmosphere was pretty cool and the service was quick.We ordered based on the recommendation of our air bnb host while visiting from the suburban Philly area where we have good pizza on every corner. Our pie was delivered fresh, hot and DELICIOUS!!!!  We are fans!  Make a stop here if your in the mood for real pizza!The best vegan pizza I've ever had and such wonderful by-the-slice portions. Made my day and was a highlight of my vacation!Guys this pizza is just fine. It's definitely not the best pizza in town, but it's good. Like, I don't see how some people can say that this is the best pizza that they have ever eaten in New Orleans. Seriously? Have you only eaten Red Baron pizza? This is just standard NY style pizza. I live in the LGD, so I definitely would not go out of my way to come back, but if I am in the Bywater, I would. You can get a whole pizza or pizza by the slice. My salad was extremely good and so were the garlic knots. There isn't really much service other than the employees bringing your food. They don't bring you refills. You have to walk up to the counter and request a refill. You also have to bus your own table. Place is fine, but it's out of the way for me so I probably wouldn't go back anytime soon... or ever honestly. Just too far for regular pizza.eh, I have to update my earlier review when PD was on Rampart.  Now, I LOVE that they have a new, stable, everyday home on Piety in the heart of the Bywater.....
I LOVE that they are still the best in the GNO.
Something has definitely changed since the move (been here twice after the move).  Maybe it is the too-serious-hipster snobbery that the Bywater is increasingly becoming, but PD doesn't taste the same. Maybe it is because they are no longer limiting their menu to what was fresh for the day they opened (as previously). The taste is less pronounced and more like every other pizza joint in NO
Anxiously tried the new Toulouse Red Absinthe from Mid-City's Atelier Vie distillery and it was....mmmm ah okay. Certainly no Pernod and while smooth, the sharp after-taste just was not welcome.  I likely should have had the broccoli roll as cauliflower does not have the taste or consistency to sustain a deep bake used in the roll.I am getting backed up with reviews piling up, so I'm going to consolidate several visits to this establishment into a single review.  Almost every time I visit this place its crowded to the rafters, and rightfully so.  I am addicted to two particular menu items, the House Salad and a slice of Pepperoni Pizza.  I like to wash this down with a Blood Orange soda drink.  The nice thing about going here is that they alternate their sliced pizza offerings and this is great, because even though the slices are big, I can always use a second slice.  Thus far, my second slices have been a slice of Meatball Pizza and a slice of Hawaiian Pizza.  I am a voraciously carnivorous being and the meat portions on the Pepperoni Pizza and the Meatball Pizza are plentiful.  I was also pleasantly surprised with the chunks of pineapple and Canadian Bacon on the Hawaiian Pizza.  I like that the pizza crust is thin and therefore doesn't overpower the cheese or the other ingredients.
The most beneficial item I get every time is the House Salad.  The salad includes mixed Spring greens, grape tomatoes, Provolone cheese and a terrific Balsamic vinaigrette dressing.  I like to sprinkle more Provolone cheese and crushed red pepper on the pizza slices and the House Salad.
Composing this review has me realizing I'm overdue for a return visit to Pizza Delicious.Although I can't have pizza, I went with my husband to try Pizza Delicious for his birthday.  The garlic knots are a must.  I would order 5 orders of these and would eat every one.  
The pizza was tasty (although I had it without the cheese).  The crust was the best part.  One of the best crusts in the city.
They were a little on the pricey side.  However, the $21 for a pizza turned out to be quite a lot of pizza.  The pizza was ginormous.  
Overall a great place to go and not a bad drive either.
They are only open on Sundays.