This is the shortest review I will ever write. Get off the couch, go there NOW, and order everything. Then, DIE from happiness! I love everything about this pizza Heaven. I'm a big gal, so just trust me on this, okay? I have a hangover and I'm going right now.It breaks my heart to give a John Besh restaurant 3 stars...
Atmosphere: fabulous
Drinks: great variety, fair pricing
Service: attentive (when they're almost empty)
Pizza: totally disappointed.  We ordered the Clam Pizza and it came out in a timely fashion, which was the only positive.  It was obvious it had been baked too long since the burnt spots outnumbered the non-burnt ones.  To make things worse it was super oily, like dripping and making streaks on the platter and our plates.  We asked the waitress why and she said that they soak the pizza in the cooking liquid from the clams, which sounds fine (but this felt like oil, not cooking liquid).  The final straw was the shear saltiness of the pizza.  Not impressed.
Since it's a Besh locale I'll definitely be giving them a second chance, but I definitely won't be ordering the clam pizza.2nd time I've been here where the kitchen was fantastic and the front of house complete idiots. Food came out super  fast and was delicious. Walked in with friends who'd never been. Didn't say anything about the format to see if they'd be confused. Girls behind the register said nothing but hi. Didn't walk us through the process (order up front, ask if we're all on same check, etc). Were there for happy hour but she rings up pizzas and drinks at non happy hour prices (no customer copy of receipt given). We sit down and realize they over charged. Supervisor comes back to table and says they credited back the difference. Why not just void and re-ring up? We tipped on $40 and now you're keeping that tip when bill was only $25. Maybe get front of house ppl who can handle answering phones, helping customers through your process, and remembering happy hour prices all at the same time. And void your screw ups. Don't credit the difference. Server and kitchen were great as usual.Knot - Not - Knotts (as in Knotts Berry Farm) - Or, how about Garlic Knots ? Bite of heaven on earth, basically the pizza crust that is knda "knotted" upwith a heapin' bowlful of whipped garlic budda....yummm yummm. You could come in just for this with that warm, slightly doughy texture with a bit of seasoning smeared with the creamy lightness of the whipped budda. Moved onto the Caesar salad (fishies on the side), flavorful from a caesar point of view - hail Caesar! They then bring out the pizza rack in anticipation of the pies........the clouds part, a ray of sunshine beams down onto the table, harps a begin a playing......Margherita arrives quickly followed by the smoked pork. Once again, a slice (or a few of them) of heaven here on earth! The Margherita is simply devine with emphasis on "simply": tomato sauce, basil and fresh mozzarella. A fresh flavor with none of the ingredients overpowering the other. The basil connects the tom's with the mozza and then the crust makes you want to take another bite before you finished the last one. Not too doughy but never crunchy, the pizza oven does a stellar job. The Smoked Pork has the ubiquitous mozzarella, red onion, Anaheim chili, salsa verde.  OK, same crust, but totally different taste sensation. The Margherita is very familiar, like an old family friend; the Pork is smokingly different. It starts familiar with the smoky flavor of the pork but then veers south of the border with the salsa verde and the anaheim chili - now its not a SPICY HOT south of the border but a more "mariachi" ballad south of the border It is just a hint of spicy with a nice flavor sensation of the "meat of the chilies (see crust discussion form Margherita). Add a NOLA Blond and either add the cauliflower (I will next time) or just admire it because someone else has ordered it)?Wonderful pizza place located on Magazine Street. The pizza was good, but the cocktails and the garlic knots are where it's at! Highly recommend both.Best pizza in NOLA.
We heard the hype and avoided going for as long as we could hold out. Finally we caved in and are only sorry we waited so long.
We got the Brussels sprouts, garlic knots and a Margherita with half anchovies (you have option of brown or white anchovies, get the white ones, they're not too salty and have more to them than the brown).
Everything was brilliant.
We second the tips about the solid wine and beer selection. Definitely on the loud side (too loud, really) but at least they have some baffles on the walls, unlike Ancora.
Overall awesome.Ok so I am Pizza Critic... I consider myself an expert on pizza since it is my favorite food... This place is right there on top of my list. I've tried Chicago's, New York's and in my home town. This one is one of the best! I would love to say is the best one I tried but I cant because I am a fan of a hometown pizza place called Pirilo which I think is the best... But this one can easily be the runner up. The garlic knots are to die for...They are served with a provolone cheese mousse which indeed is the most amazing knots that I have ever tasted in my life! I consider myself lucky to hear about this place because the way I choseose my places to eat are based on quantity of reviews and rating, so this will never get visited by me because is under under 500 reviews... So come by and please review it guys ! Get them visited more....They definitely deserve it!I eat here every time I visit my brother The service and food are always exceptional I will continue to eat here every time I visit.We had heard good things about Pizza Domenica and while the garlic knots were very good, the pizza we ordered was just okay.  We ordered the Muffuletta Pizza.  We love Muffuletta sandwiches, and we were excited to see it on the menu.  The toppings were very sparse and did not give the feeling of eating a Muffuletta.  Very little olive salad, except for a lot of pickled cauliflower.  Overall, the experience was okay but not enough to bring us back anytime soon.Very delicious food, friendly staff, and cute inside! My only complaint very cold inside. The tables are arranged a little strange but the food and atmosphere so awesome it didn't matter! Would like to eat next time in front of pizza making guys yum!!Great pizza great service (super great service) great happy hour. I work in the service industry and these guys have it down. I'm a regular for many reasons, pizza quality being number one, and all of the other stuff, added bonuses. If you like pizza and fun, pizza domenica is for you!!!3.5 Stars
I've only been to Pizza Domenica for the Happy Hour special, which I find is an excellent deal. Every day from 4 to 6 pm, all pizzas are half price and each day there is a different drink special. I wasn't really fond of the pizza. The crust was pretty soggy and the toppings didn't seem to complement each other, they just seemed to be there. I've had better pizza elsewhere but I'll certainly be back for the Happy Hour specials.The pizza was below average.  The crust had a strange taste and there was barely any cheese on the pizza.  The tomato sauce on the margarita pizza tasted like ketchup.  We ordered several types of pizzas and they were all below average.  The waitress told me the Cesar salad is enough for a dinner and when I received the salad it was very small.  Meatball appetizer was not good as well.  Kale salad was so salty you couldn't eat it,  I have been here twice and had a bad experience both times.  I will not be back.Service was good and pizza was brought out fast. Flavors were decent, but crust was soggy and there were puddles of liquid left after we picked up the slices. I wish we'd gone to the Peruvian place down the street instead.The service, food and cocktails are out of this world. I have the pleasure of meeting the two managers Jen and Kayla and I can't say enough about how warm and welcoming they were. The garlic knots and four thieves cocktail are addictive.Delicious...wow!  we had the garlic knots with the  garlic provolone fonduta, and the clam pizza.  Amazing!Great happy hour!  3-6 everyday...even on the weekends!  Happy hour will get you 1/2 price pizzas, and different drink specials each day.  Fridays are 1/2 price bottles of wine.  What a deal!
I got the wild mushroom pizza that also has Benton's bacon (the best), and a sunny side up egg.  It was delicious. 
My boyfriend got the Tuto Carne, and it was tasty as well. 
The highlight thought was the garlic knots served piping hot with a side of whipped provolone cheese.  Yes...you read that right.  Whipped provolone cheese!  This stuff is addictive!This place is the yums.  I have been here on a few occasions, and have not been disappointed.  Pork pizza is the best.  The burrata is really good.  Brussels sprout salad is tasty.  Octopus app isn't my favorite, but that's due in part to me generally liking octopus served cold and ceviche-style as opposed to hot.  The atmosphere is friendly and lively, and the food is reasonably priced.Like other people have said, the food is very yummy. The service could be better. The cauliflower is something you dream about. In fact we wished we had each gotten our own cauliflower and just one pizza! I loved the carrot pizza. I can't do tomato sauce bc of the acid. I love the idea of using carrot purée for sauce. My mom thought it could use traditional pizza herbs but I didn't care. We were a party of seven and were there for a very early dinner at 4. It was not busy yet. However I server was scarce, forgot part of our order and seemed really bored and annoyed. I will say that whomever answers the Facebook messages is awesome! I couldn't get a reservation through Yelp so I sent a message asking if we could just show up. I mentioned it was my birthday and they made a reservation for me. Then I changed the time and added people and they accommodated me. I really appreciated that and had a great birthday with my family and friends, wine and fabulous food.
Caveat: if you have a picky finicky child eater, the Caesar salad is not like in chain restaurants- thank goodness it was wonderful- but my kid didn't like it. Hey, I got to enjoy that too!This  pizza place is the best I have ever had. Let me start off with the garlic knots. You get a cast iron of garlic knots with this DELICIOUS cheese dipping sauce. Me and her were in heaven with every bite. We even kept it to dip our crust in. Definitely a must have appetizer! Then we got the chicken pizza with squash and other ingredients (it was one of there specialty pizzas). This pizza was soooo good. Great crust texture, quality ingredients and the overall taste was out of this world. The actual restaurant is very cool too, great atmosphere and I couldn't talk better about it. My only complaint is I ordered a Diet Coke and it came in a small bottle. I thought I was going to get endless refills. But do not let that keep you away. This is definitely a must go !AFTER: the waiter came back and gave us the discount after all and he checked up on us often too. love the food and service now! it was only 30$ for garlic knots. a soda. and two pizza!!I placed an order through Uber Eats, which had been perfect in the past. Today, I received a pizza that was missing the toppings included, and it also looked as though it had not risen completely, and was very floppy in appearance. I gave the restaurant a call to inform them of my pizza issue, and the most I was given was a refund. I suppose replacing the order was out of the question. Honestly, not being offered the option to replace the order since the "mix up in the kitchen" shouldn't be the end all of the situation, was enough for me to not patronize this location ever again.Not the best pizza I've ever had but 100% the best pizza in town! I love all the artisan flavors! The happy hour deal ever day from 3-6 is a must (half off pizza, who can argue with that) the carrot pizza is surprisingly good, I don't even like goat cheese but I enjoyed it! I think my favorite so far is the smoked pork- I like the added spice!
Pictured:
Roasted Carrot: goat cheese, red onion, Brussels sprouts, beets and hazelnuts 
Smoked Pork: mozzarella, red onion,
Anaheim chili, and salsa verde 
Tutto Carne: fennel sausage, bacon, salami, and chases ham
Calabrese: spicy salami, olives, capers and oregano |We ordered pizza and salads. My husband ordered the Caesar salad. He enjoyed the taste, but it was very small and they did not put anchovies on it as he requested. I got the Brussels sprouts salad, which had a nice flavor, but was very tough. Perhaps Brussels sprouts are not in season, but I expected better. The pizza was good, but service was very slow, and our waitress never checked to see if we needed anything. I had to get a waitress' attention if we needed anything. It was not bad, but we will probably not go back.Absolutely amazing pizzas. Good and convenient location and great customer serviceBest pizza in uptown. Awesome apps and cocktails too great vibe in uptown restaurant. Crust is perfect and crunchy and cheese is high quality with great tasting sauce.Came for lunch. Great meatballs and polenta. Tried a Tutto Carne Pizze.  
Great flavor. A little salty for me due to the meat, but still great crust, cheese, etc.
Great, friendly bartender.Went to dinner here one night while visiting New Orleans. I'm a big fan of pizza and I eat it every chance I can get. We ordered the prosciutto pizza. It was great! The crust was soft and crispy, the sauce was tangy with just the right amount of sweetness, and the ingredients wee fresh. Our server was friendly, professional, and attentive. The price was reasonable for the upper scale atmosphere. Would rcommend!One of my favorite fast-casual restaurants in New Orleans. The garlic knots are my favorite item on the menu. However, I am not a fan of the new cauliflower. I wish they stuck to the entire roasted cauliflower as opposed to the cauliflower steak. But overall, great spot!Take-out unimpressive.  System was 'down' - which led to an extra 15 minute wait.  Although the salads were good, the portions were TINY.  $60 for 2 salads & 2 pizzas didn't feed 4 people completely.  Not doing this again.......The garlic knots are Amazing! Light, charred bread dipped in a creamy garlic fluff!!!??? I've never had anything like it and wanted to swim it! We also had a chicken Caesar salad that was yummy (chicken was smokey-bonus), spicy meatballs on polenta and a square slice. The only thing we didn't just moan over was the square slice. We will be craving the garlic knots regularly...they got us like a drug dealer! Can't wait to try a pizza!Like many have said below I wouldn't go here unless it was for the happy hour pizza. If you go here for the happy hour pizza I'm not sure how you would be disappointed unless you took the pizza to go. Drinks are to be expected but I would stick with the beer for sure.I have fallen in love with Pizza again.  The meaty Tutto Carne is probably the best pizza I have ever had. The meatballs with polenta are a very nice starter. I did find the Caesar salad to be rather boring, and some chilled plates would be helpful in keeping the fresh ingredients fresh. I would also like a proper Caesar dressing made with anchovies and blended. They could keep two kinds of dressing on hand, one with and one without. Just a suggestion as two large anchovies plopped on top of your salad, isn't the way a Caesar should be done. The waitstaff varies from very good to ho hum. One complaint is the sediment in the wine, twice we have had that residue left in our glasses. Could it be they are buying bottom of the barrel specials? In all my years of drinking wine, and I am talking 5 decades I have never had sediment in my wine glass.Half price happy hour pizzas were really great.  Each one feeds about 1.5 people.  Fresh and good.  I would hit this place you again for sure when you need a pizza fix.I didn't mean to end up here, but I did. Attempting to go to Domenica with a group of foodie friends from out of town and being told we couldn't get in until later that night, we were super disappointed. Hesitantly, we made our way over to Pizza Domenica and I must say our experience was great! 
The garlic knots are a MUST. If I was by myself I probably could've ate the entire tray of them. Served with a warm, whipped aged provolone, it simply is delicious. Do not refrain from ordering. Moving on to the pizza, we ordered the tutto carne which is covered in all kinds of delicious meats. Loved it! I also ordered the smoked chicken pesto which i wasn't crazy about. 
Overall do not hesitate to give this place a try. It's completely worth it during happy hour, especially being half price. I look forward to coming back and trying some of their different beers once I pop this baby out.Had lunch in the neighborhood and noted not very busy at lunch time. The drinks were great. The food was average. Not my favorite sauce though pizza was tasty. The appetizer was so so. Not bad but think I'll wait awhile to return.Cool atmosphere and delicious pizza. We fought over the cauliflower steak app and margherita pizza. So yummy! The side of garlic aioli was worth a second serving to dip our crusts in. We finished with the chocolate mousse. It was perfect end to a fantastic dinner.
I'm already planning to come back for the happy hour.Pleasant and with good service. One big TV over the bar didn't work. We came at 2PM on Christmas day and they were sold out but we were able to get a seat at the Bar. If we came at 3PM, pizza would be 1/2 price. Great selection of beer and wine. but you have to ask for a glass if you ordered bottled or canned beer. Pizza from the wood fired brick oven  was OK but mine had bitter burned parts of the crust. A little char is good, but big blackened pieces are not. Pizza MARGHERITA would have been better with sliced tomatoes rather than sauce. TUTTO CARNE pizza suffered from the meats being too salty especially the ham. The picy salami pieces on it were excellent, For lunch one pizza probably is  enough for 2 people but it is nice to have left overs 2 pizza 2 beers = $41before tip.Who would have thought balls of meat could be so good?!
The Polenta served with the meatballs is a genius combination.  Order a few of these and you don't need anything else;  your belly will be satisfied!I'm a big fan of the Domenica downtown, so I figured I would try this new one.  It's a neat place with a decent amount of seating.  Do not go there for a romantic quiet dinner or for relaxation.  It is VERY loud.  I haven't seen that many children in one place since I went to Chuck E Cheese's.
We went around 6:30 p.m.  and it was incredibly crowded.  The way it works is  you get in line, place your order, and then get seated.  You do not place your order until there is a seat available for you.  We stood in line for 30 minutes before we placed our order.  Luckily the food actually doesn't take that long to come out, around 15 minutes.  Something to note is the food comes out all at once.  We ordered garlic knots expecting to munch on them while we waited for the pizza, only to receive them a few minutes after the pizza.  When we asked about this they said all of the food comes out at once.  
We had the Bolzano pizza which was good.  The crust was thin but not crispy.  The fennel, bacon, onion combo on it was very rich and flavorful.  The roasted pork shoulder wasn't what I was expected.  It was dry cubes of meat where I was expecting more shredded type pork. The garlic knots were very garlicky and were accompanied by this tasty whipped cheese dip (aged provolone fonduta) which was also very garlicky.  We also ordered the dipping sauces - salsa verde, garlic fonduta, and arrabbiata.  It was a small amount of each.  The green one was pesto-like, the garlic fonduta ended up being the same as the whipped cheese, and the arrabbiata was similar to marinara.  
I will definitely return.  There are other pizzas I want to try.  Next time I will go for an early lunch and not dinner on a Friday night.  BTW there is also take out which might work even better.The GARLIC KNOTS are phenomenal! It's a popular pizza restaurant, service is quick, I recommend calling for reservations, the atmosphere is great for date night.The pizza was good, we ordered pizza with different meats on it, the meat was a little chewy. I'll definitely return but not for the same pizza.This is the best pizza ever had. I had the Pesto Chicken and am in love. It didn't take long at all to get ours. Our friends who opted for a salad first did wait a little too long between salad and when the pizza finally arrived. The only thing I can say that I think they will probably wind up changing is that you stand in line and order/pay then sit down. A waiter later comes and gives you your drinks/food and if you want anything else he will start another bill for you. That is really inconvenient for all. I'm thinking they did this to be expeditious but it is more of a pain. Also, I'm thinking that the waiters will probably be stiffed for a tip in this setup. People will pay for their food upfront then be done with it. There were no tip jars by the cash register. People really don't want to keep pulling out their wallet and have multiple bills. So, hopefully they will just change it to order and pay at the table. Other than that this place is incredible!!!!The happy hour is a great deal and snagging a spot at the bar is the best seat in the house.  This place is very popular so even on a Sunday at 3:00pm (their daily happy hour goes from  2:00pm-5:00pm) expect a substantial crowd. You order at the counter and then get a server that sporadically checks up on you but the service isn't adequate generally at the tables (so you can go awhile without a drink refill so sit at the bar, if possible, where you can get full service).  I also wish you got a bit more choice in building your own pie instead of the set menu as there are very few options.  The pie here does have a nice crunchy crust with good flavors that can stand on their own even without toppings.  They did a really great job with the build out here and its a very nice space to enjoy some pizza and drinks.
Overall I would only go here for the happy hour and it might be worth it to wait for a spot to open at the bar for the vastly improved service available there as the table service is a disorganized mess.  If it is too crowded here or you miss happy hour just go to New York Pizza for the $5 pint and a slice deal.5 stars solely on account of the whipped cheese. I don't even like pizza but I miss these place!Great place (as we all expect from a JB establishment). 
Great location and great vibe. I love the look of the place and how open it is. We came in at 9pm on a Monday night and it was busy but we had no problem finding a place at the bar or a table. 
You place your order at a counter and pay there- which is fine. I had the prosciutto and my friend had pepperoni. They were both amazing, pepperoni was better. 
The garlic knots were a great appetizer, but they came about 20 minutes after we got our pizza. We honestly forgot about them. Since we had already paid, didn't want to bother with the hassle of sending them back and getting a refund, like I usually would when an appetizer comes as I'm finishing the entree. 
The lose of a star comes as a result of feeling like the wait staff, the order takers and the ppl in the kitchen not being all on the same page. 
I'll be going back-- it was the best thin crust pizza i've ever had.Let's get this out of the way - the food was awesome! I went with my wife and 2 young children, and the meal itself was delicious. The buildout is also beautiful - really feels like a great, unique addition to the NOLA dining scene. So why only 3 stars? Well, there were a few things that detracted from the experience. Hopefully these things are correctable, and I could see adjusting this review to 5 stars.
1. Music - the music was BLARING! I know that makes me sounds like a cranky old guy, but coupled with the ambient noise in the (packed) restaurant, it really was too loud. I couldn't hear my kids talking to me from across the table. To top it off, the music just didn't fit the atmosphere of the restaurant. It was like a "random 90s" mix - we heard the Night at the Roxbury song at one point.
2.  Payment/service set-up - It's one of those places where you order and pay at the counter, but you still have someone (or multiple people) waiting on you as you eat. You order drinks and all at the front register, so anything else you order (like a 2nd drink) comes as a 2nd bill. We ordered 2nd drinks, so when we were done, we waited on a 2nd bill. And waited. It's also seat yourself, and there was a line of people waiting for tables. You'd think they would have been in a hurry to free up our table. My wife and kids even left the restaurant, and I had to wait another 5-10 minutes after that to get the check. It just felt confusing - since we had several "servers", I wasn't even sure who to ask for the 2nd check.
3.  Pepperoni pizza - let's face it. When you're in a restaurant like this, the last thing you should be ordering is the pepperoni. But, if you're with kids (or someone unadventurous), pepperoni might be all they're willing to try. And when you order pepperoni, you usually want a basic, safe pizza. The pepperoni we got was more of a gourmet salami. While delicious to me and my wife, it was definitely not what my kids had on mind. Consider that more of a warning than a complaint against Pizza Domenica!I could have eaten two. Yes, two whole pizzas. Absolutely delicious. They have a great beer selection in the bottle and on tap. If liquor is your thing there is plenty of that as well. My wife and I dined at an off peak hour and the pizza arrived faster that we expected. If you dine in you can get a half price pizza to go.Wow!! Ordered the garlic knots with the most amazing whipped provolone cheese. Our pizza was just as good! So many different flavors! Loved every bite!The square slice has great flavor.  The thick crust has a tight crumb, but retains a lightness.  The oregano and burrata are a perfect combo.My favorite spot! Amazing drinks, apps, pizza and the desserts are delicious!! Can't wait to go back! Perfect date night with the baby!!Stopped here with some friends on a Monday night while traveling through New Orleans. It was a no brainer when we saw they had 1/2 off pizzas, wine, and drafts during happy hour. 
Everything was great! We ordered garlic knots, cauliflower, a cheese pizza, and the prosciutto pizza. The garlic knots were my absolute favorite as they had a wonderful flavor and were served with a wiped provolone. The pizzas were good, but the sauce could have a bit more zest to them.  
There were a few tables when we arrived, but it got pretty busy throughout our hour stay. The service was great and they never missed a beat. 
I will certainly pop back in on my next visit to the city!What's not to love!  Daily happy hour of half off pizzas certainly can't be passed up in our house.  Every few weeks we stop in for some pizza and ice cold beer.   You won't be disappointed if you choose to partake.  Wood fired pizza is top notch.  Keep it up.I can't believe anyone would give this place less than 5 stars. It was so delicious! The spread that comes with the garlic knots is just ridiculous! The pizza was amazing! The salads were fresh, creative, and yummy! I loved this place. Oh, and I got a coffee, also very good! Came with a delicious little biscuit. I will definitely return to this place.In all honesty, I have had a hard time finding a solid pizza joint in NOLA.  Luckily, Pizza Domenica is one of a few choice places I can count on to satisfy my craving.
The Caesar Salad (hold the anchovies) is a strong start, followed by the very sinful Garlic Knots.  I have had a few different types of pizza here, & they don't fail to disappoint.  I love the crust & the toppings taste pretty fresh.
Service here is not the best, but I deal with that because I enjoy eating here.  I've been seated at the bar facing the crew making the food & that was quite a fun experience to witness, too.I have been a HUGE fan since day one, and a regular at Domenica (the Mothership). My guess is that P.D. has decided to "dumb down" their pizzas. Perhaps a less adventurous crowd has affected the product, perhaps rising costs have necessitated cut backs. 
Take the mushroom pizza--which used to be an absolute masterpiece. It was once wild mushrooms, studded with chunks of local bacon, caramelized onions and an egg, a glory of unctuous, rich, chewy deliciousness. Now? A red pie with standard mushrooms (no flavor whatsoever) , onions and an egg. Was it bad? no. Was it interesting? Absolutely not--and at $18, no bargain. I could go on about two other pizzas we ordered, give as detailed a before-and-after, express my benign disappointment. Basically--if you want to fill your belly with perfectly adequate pizza, go there. But do not expect the glory of the original pizzas.I actually love Pizza Domenica. So much so that I decided to eat here with my boyfriend last night for my birthday even though I could have chosen basically any other restaurant I wanted. 
The food was wonderful, as usual, but it was one of the worst service experiences of my life. We were ignored so thoroughly. Our server visited all the tables around us several times without glancing our direction. I even watched her play with other servers in a staging area. My boyfriend eventually had to visit the host station to get our check after sitting there waiting for over 25 minutes. It was unprofessional and left me feeling flustered and embarrassed. 
We are having a birthday dinner "re-do" tomorrow night. It definitely won't be at Pizza Domenica, thank goodness.Yeah....Pizza Domenica was VERY disappointing in terms of the food, ordering process, and table service.  I recently went for happy hour.  It was not crowded so I didn't have to wait around for a table, but as the place filled up, I saw a long line with people at the front pressured to make quick decisions.  It was a bottleneck disaster that makes no sense to me.
I started with the meatballs over polenta, which was tasty.  The meatballs were moist and the polenta had a good texture.  The pizza, however, was BAD.  I had the calabrese pizza and it was soooo SOGGY.  It was drenched with olive juice which was so briny and strong, it stayed with me the whole night.  Not pleasant.  If the salami on it was spicy as it was supposed to be, I wouldn't know, because I basically had an olive juice pizza. Was there an accident in the kitchen and someone knocked over a jar of olives on my pizza?  Did they actually do that on purpose?  I don't know, but it was bad and practically inedible.  Finally, my friend ordered mussels, which I tasted and they were not fresh.  Perhaps this is why there were the 'special'.
As for the table service, it was sporadic at best.  I didn't pre-order all my glasses of wine because that would be ridiculous.  When my friend went to the front to order more drinks, she was sent back to order from the table where we had a hard time trying to catch one of the few servers on the floor.  This was also ridiculous.  Helloooooo, we're trying to give you money.  Why is it so difficult to order drinks?  So frustrating.
If they can have people take your drink orders (when you can catch them) and bring you a check for it, why can't they do this with the food?!  This would be so much more civilized.  I DON'T GET IT!  If this was a truly casual pizza joint with no table service, pizza by the slice, and a fraction of the price, I would get it.   Come on - this is not charming.  John Besh can afford servers.  There is no reason to not have them because it certainly doesn't add anything to the experience but frustration.
Since I don't tip before service, I had to remember and confirm with my first receipt that amount.  I tipped for the whole meal on the bar check, which again, doesn't make sense.  I'm glad I went during happy hour because I would have been pis*ed to pay more for what I got.
The only nice things I can say is that the space is nice and the wine selection is good.  However, there is but there isn't table service, the ordering process is pressured and frustrating, you have to add your multiple receipts for the tip, and the pizza is NOT GOOD.  I say no.This pizza simply was not very good. First off, if you have tables and servers, why make people stand in line to order food and drinks. It is not cool or interesting. Two of the pizzas we had very little flavor, very few ingredients and were just boring. The pepperoni was just gross. Since obviously you don't know, let me tell you  -- not all italian cured meats are meant to be cooked. Certainly some are, but whatever you are using for your pepperoni it not a cooking meat. It tasted rotten. Or maybe it was rotten. I don't know, either way - not good. I was so disappointed in this place. If you want some good Neapolitan style pizza - go to Ancora - always fantastic. Also, try Dolce Vita - a new player in the field and hitting home runs as opposed to Dominica's really bad strike out!Half price at Happy Hour. Ordered a cheese pie and a margherita pie. I preferred the crust of the cheese pie - a little more chewy. Nice thin crusts. Served piping hot. Excellent. Half price drafts as well - we had a Belgian strong and a Gnarly something - fabulous. For the quality, taste and value - really hard to beat.Chicken lived and amazing garlicky crostini were divine, kids love the garlic knots--way better than the pizza place in our Connecticut hometown. The grilled cauliflower head is an unique idea but execution fails. Tasted as if
It were steamed without any seasoning and then finished in the broiler for a charred top. Looks cool but tastes like boiled cauliflower, except his comes with a goat cheese spread. The pizzas were amazing. Don't be out off by the carrot veggie pizza. It's surprisingly delicious! Gist cheese, beets, etc. and the Gorgonzola with Parma ham and honey And hazelnuts seems as if it would be too sweet but re balance is right-on. Delicious airy crust. Only downside is our server asked for our order and after we placed the appetizers, she disappeared without a word and when I asked her what went wrong so said she thought we wanted to wait for our pizza order, and that was perplexing because she just walked away. Not a bad attitude in re slightest, just bizarre.First things first: looking through these reviews, it appears that most people didn't rate Pizza Domenica as highly as they might have due to the former ordering procedures. I, too, would have had issues with standing in line to place an order and then hoping I'd get a table by the time my order came out. This type of "half service" seemed all the rage 6 or 7 years ago and I'm not a fan. When I go out, it's full service or nothing.
Management must have taken your suggestions to heart (doesn't surprise me that they're awesome like that): Pizza Domenica is now completely full-service. I've been a long time fan of Domenica in the Roosevelt, however as you probably know, sometimes it's not too easy to get a reservation. Also, I want to dress up when I eat there (as should you) and that's not always in the cards (sometimes a girl just wants to wear jeans). 
Pizza Domenica offers up the same pizza menu as its posh big sister (there may actually even be more options) and several apps/salads (that divine cauliflower app!) and it's a much more casual atmosphere. It's really inviting however, with an exposed kitchen/pizza oven. Despite that, it feels more akin to a gastro pub than a pizzeria. I can see myself coming here more often because I tend to order pizza every time I go to Domenica anyway. Expect the same prices (ie it's no Slice!)
Cocktails... they've got 'em! And a good wine list. On this day, I had sangria, which is on point. 
If you love all things wood-fired, you'll love their pizza. The dough is on par with what you'll get in Naples (I was just there last month in fact), with that perfect char on the bottom. They will whip up a vegan pizza overloaded with vegetables on the spot. This time, though, I opted for wild mushrooms + olives. Do yourself a favor and get the trio of oils/dipping sauces. I don't recall seeing that on Domenica's menu, so it might just be a thing here. 
Pizza Domenica, I'll be seeing you on the regular... not just on Sundays!Awesome casual extension of the Domenica brand uptown.  Great pizza, drink selection at reasonable prices make this one of my go to's.  They are also great for takeaway - which is dangerous as it is on the way back home from my work.  Highlights are the basic pepperoni pizza, the garlic knots, the fish crudo and do not miss the dipping sauces for the crust.  Beer and spirits game also on point.The Garlic Knots, the Burrata, the Tutto Carne pizza....each dish equally as yummy as the others.  Hard to pick a favourite as this meal was just perfection from start to finish.  Our waiter, Cooper, was friendly, efficient and took care of us perfectly.  Pizza Domenica is rising to the top of our list of favourite places to eat in NOLA.I absolutely love this place. The pizza is delicious and they have a very healthy selections on the menu. My favorite is the roasted cauliflower with the goat feta cheese and the shaved brussel sprouts. They have different happy hour specials every day. This is one of my favorite places to go in NOLA. Wish they were open for lunch I would go there a couple of times a week.Firstly, the space is beautiful. It has an ambiance that you'll crave long after you leave. And speaking of cravings, how soon is too soon to have this pizza again after leaving?
As a veg-head, I'd like to think of myself as a five-star salad consumer. (My cats have confirmed this to be true, and they're all that matter.) If you do nothing else in life, visit this place and get the Caesar salad. I know! Caesar salad, right? Challenging to mess up, but I think even harder to make stand out! In place of the #1 reason we all get Caesar salad anyway--the croutons--rests two heaven-sent slices of cheesy garlic bread. There was cheese lurking in every single hidden temple of the bread. Read: the 13th disciple. 
If you're on a health kick, I'd recommend the Caesar sans the bread. But then I feel you need to take a long, hard stare in the mirror and ask yourself, "What's the meaning of life?"It really pains me to leave a two-star review of Domenica on Magazine. I really enjoyed their location in the Roosevelt. But, this past Sunday night I decided to treat myself to a take away and was really disappointed. I called and placed my order for a Tutto Cane. Service was pleasant and my pizza was ready and hot when I arrived to pick it up. Sadly, it was all downhill from there. I was home 10 minutes later and tucking into a pizza that was soggy in the middle - sticking to the box- and yet had a crust that was burned black in a number of spots. The meats  were so salty, with no counterbalance of other flavors, that the pizza was more like eating salty meat on burned soggy bread. I really hope this a one off experience, but it really should not happen once at a restaurant with the type of talent behind it that this one has and the heft of their prices, supposedly denoting quality of product and attention to detail.
I am not sure if the quality slipped because it was just a take out order. The restaurant was not busy at all. If ordering take away, my one caveat would be to inspect he pizza before walking out. I wish had done.Had the pleasure of dining here the other day for lunch. It was a great experience! The food was amazing. I especially loved the garlic knots and the cauliflower thing (I can't remember what it's called). The cocktails were fun and inventive and the pizza was yummy! The service was a little slow, but other than that it was a great experience!It was just ok. Went with a party of 4. The service was better than the for. We had the Caesar salad with shrimp, garlic knots, margherita pizza, prosciutto pizza and chicken liver pate. Everything was just ok. The basil on the margherita pizz overpowered everything else. The pepper oil tasted like they'd just dropped the pepper into it. The pizzas were not cold but they were particularly hot or even warm either. The garlic a knots were the best part of the meal.New Orleans used to be such an awful pizza town when I lived there; now, post Katrina, there are 50% more restaurants than before the storm, despite a smaller population, and there is food of every ilk available and much of it superb.  Including pizza.   My favorite pizza pre the influx of new comers was at the Bucktown seafood restaurant R&O, pretty standard pizza.
I had always meant to get to the parent restaurant of this place, Domenica, domiciled in the Roosevelt Hotel (nee Fairmont, nee Roosevelt) a block off Canal.  They have a spectacular happy hour, so spectacular, there is rarely a seat, so I was delighted they opened this smaller, pizza-centric version in Uptown on Magazine.
If you're visiting, you can easily hit this eatery a few blocks walk off the St. Charles street car.
The short menu includes some appetizer and salad options, specialty pizzas, or create your own.   We over ordered, with one pizza, a salad, and garlic knots, chicken liver pate, along with a sampling of dipping sauces (salsa verde, garlic fonduta, and arrabbiata). (arrabbiata is a slightly spicy tomato sauce, and fonduta is cheese based dip).
I had assumed (I follow a "don't ask, don't tell" policy at pizzerias) that the pizzas would be smaller, but they weren't.  Went with their all carnivore region, , you know I'm damned fussy about pizza, and I have to pronounce this one of the best I have ever had, anywhere.
What I liked about it, was quality ingredients (toppings) and the wonderfully smoky flavor imparted by the wood burning oven.  The crispy exterior crust leads to a melt in your mouth center.  My only curiousity was the cubes of Italian sausage, as I've ever seen that.  I  imagine they cook sausages in casings and dice it themselves.
Quality local ingredients ruled the menu,  and we enjoyed everything we tried.  Sat at the bar and service was great.  The bar fronts the wood pile, and I imagine they go through a lot of it.
If I lived in NOLA again, this would be my "go to pie," bar none, all the time.Fun to sit at the bar! Prosciutto pizza & shaved Brussels sprouts salad hit the spot.The 2 time was even better than the 1st time. But then again the 1st time was amazing as well. 
Great pizza combination, the staff is great. The vibe is very good and I recommend the meatball app, Any Pizza combination and the ice tea for me was great. No need for any sweetener, just ice. If you drink in sweet tea you know what I mean...
Thanks for keeping our mind off Florida as we left the state due to Hurr. Irma.  Next time we're in town. We will stop by for sure.Great pizza, excellent appetizers (try the cauliflower steak and/or meatballs).  Excellent deal during happy hour 3-5pm.Xmas day we were looking for a good place in New orleans to eat at and called them
Up. They were booked but got us in for a table at 10. We showed up early and they had a cancellation and we got in. We had heard about the garlic knots and ordered them and OMG delicious!!! My son scarfed down three of them and we had the rest. We ordered the margherita pizza and another pizza with serrano chilies and onions. Soooo delicious. Highly recommend this place.Been too many times already! Great location (for me at least) and food is awesome! Pancetta and arugula, Garlic knots, and draft beer! Its all you need!I am going with a "2-star" review based SOLELY on a single appetizer - the garlic knots with the provolone fonduta.  It was amazing and might occasionally bring me bar for a seat at the bar.  The devil was involved.
So first off, I would say that although I like the atmosphere, I HATE the ordering mechanism.  We had a party of four with a total tab of someplace north of $120 (with  tip and ONE round of drinks) and we had to wait in line to order and then head to our table with our number.  Of course it was pretty empty in there so we didn't wait that long.  However, once the place started to fill up, the line got much longer.  One in my party spoke up and said "that's why I really don't like coming here - last time we waited behind a long line..."  As soon as it got busy, our waiter was not nearly as available to us.  It certainly wasn't his fault - the place was filling up and he was running around to deliver drinks.  I think I saw two or three service folks for the whole restaurant.   All in all, it is a LAME business model for what is supposed to be a high-end restaurant.  The prices are really inline with a table-service kind of place.  It deserves it and so do the customers.  I will not be headed back unless the place is empty or they change this kind of ordering system.  It's okay for a place like Felipe's to do it when your meal rounds out at 10 bucks a person but when I drop over $120 bucks for food and drink for four (or technically a total of 33 per person), it seems like traditional service is in order.  For my money, I will likely choose Amici 9 times out of 10 because the pizza is as good if not better, the prices are about the same and I can sit and get waited on. 
And what is with ALL the food coming out at the same time?  Our ($40 worth) of apps came out within two minutes of our pizza and all within 12 minutes or so of ordering.  Really?  Hammer us through the place that quickly?  Although we were told we could order the apps then get in line and then reorder pizzas - who wants to do that?  I mean wait in line twice?  It is really kind of offensive to administer a dinner that way.  It tells em that the ONLY thing this place is worried about is how much cash they can extract in as little time as possible.
The food - other than the cheese whips, it was unremarkable pizza with some questionable decisions and execution:
1. Don't put a clam shell on a clam pizza.   It's a moment of presentation that should be better thought.
2. The calamari was a bit hard textured.  I was not a huge fan.
3. I LOVED the cauliflower but for 18 bucks, I will not order that again.  Seriously not worth it for the price. 
4. I would say the garlic knots are a great order but make sure you avoid ALL other garlic - they are quite free with it....  I like lots of garlic but others were very critical of how much was on our food.
All in all, this is a place that is at the VERY top of the $$ and if you have more than one drink, firmly planted in the $$$ range.  The food was not remarkable except for the provolone fonduta and the whole service system is discouraging.  If I am free for a meal and it looks empty as I drive by, I might stop in.  Otherwise, it feels like the management is trying to hammer guests through to capitalize on getting as many customers through as possible.  That means your experience is sacrificed.  That, my friends, puts the customer LAST.  I don't see them discounting their VERY expensive food, do you?Burrata Bruschetta was the best I ever had. We had the zucchini pizza and it was pretty good, but the crust was not all the way crispy to the middle. Service was great. Would have given 4 1/2 stars if possible.Stop. Look no further. This is the place you've never known you've been craving. All this time, this place has existed in uptown New Orleans where a man in a trendy blazer welcomes you in with open arms and finds you a comfortable space in the restaurant you can call your own.
My fiancée and I have been coming here for MONTHS and are never left underwhelmed, lost, or forgotten.
Cocktails 
Wood fire pizza 
Wide variety of beer, wine and spirits
Delicious garlic knots 
Please visit, and you will leave with a satisfied buzz about you, and 0 regrets.Pizza is hands down my favorite food.  I could eat it every day.  I have been waiting to try Pizza Domenica for a while now because the combination of ingredients on their pizzas was intriguing to me.  I can not express how thoroughly disappointed I was.  First of all, it's set up cafeteria style where you order, pay and tip first then you seat yourself at a table.  If I wanted cafeteria style I would have went to Picadilly.  I also didn't like the fact that I was expected to tip first before any service was given.  My boyfriend and I shared the shaved brussel sprout salad and the garlic knots.  Both were very good.  I was excited about the pizza.  He ordered the tutto carne and I ordered the roasted carrot.  The pizza came out in good time, however it was all downhill from there.  While my pizza had a good flavor, it wasn't cooked all the way.  The crusty was soggy and every time I picked up a slice to eat it, all the toppings slid right off.  I finally just piled the toppings on the plate and ate them as a salad.  My bf's pizza was slightly better.  It had a good smoky flavor, however the meat was in huge chunks which wasn't very appetizing.  Being a Besh restaurant and with the pedigree behind Chef Alon Shaya, I expected much better.  The best part of the meal was the garlic knots.  The pizza left a LOT to be desired, as there is MUCH better pizza in this city for a lot less money.  Our tab with tip was 81 bucks - def not worth the money.  We could have went to New York Pizza down the street and had a MUCH better meal for about 1/3 of the cost.  My biggest gripe was the soda's.  We both ordered a diet coke and out comes this small 8oz bottle with no refills that is $3.  Come on!  You are already over charging for sub par pizza the least you could do is get a soda machine.  Pizza lovers save your money and go somewhere else.  Don't believe the hype.Yelp-
Our Host/ hostess- 
Does not seem to have a friendly welcoming.  Maybe because we have 2  kids with us? We did  NOT feel welcomed. Why would they put someone so unfriendly in the  Front of the house? Needs to be in the back of the house (Sorry #JohnBesh, I know you're probably too busy to notice).
Our server  Liz was very attentive and helped my children feel very at ease. Pizzas was great, but too many burnt spots in the end crusts which we had to pull off (cariogenic?). Descent experience but hesitant to come back with a another unwelcoming experience from our host.Went again last night and was happy to see that they now take reservations and have stopped the silly order at the counter thing.  Made it a much better experience.  As always the food was wonderful!  The Garlic Knots - of course,and a wonderful Chicken Pesto Pizza.What's the deal with the service here. One waiter covering about 10 tables. Never came over to ask if you need another glass of wine or another beer. Severely understaffed, with just OK food.I've lived in NYC...eaten pizza at some amazing places all over the world. That said I guess my taste in pizza differs from the other reviewers so far and I'm trying with everything in me to take into account my deep respect for Besh but....horrible, it was horrible.
Floppy, ingredients sliding off, sauce had a weird tin-like taste...and I did NOT like the crust it just had this pita like vibe...just NO.
Beautiful, well appointed space but as everyone mentioned loud place. Wait staff was sweet but the ordering style doesn't work with the way the place looks. 
I'm heartbroken to say this but Roma is better, Amici is better and for the price that's Dominica is charging that is just not cool.
:(This place is amazing! I'm from California and I was visiting the city for the weekend and the food is absolutely worth every star. The dining experience is amazing and it's a great place to relax and just laugh and enjoy the meal with family or friends. I highly recommend it.
Though the pizza is a bit high priced but it's worth it. My friends and I got $70 worth of pizza. But you can't complain about it because the quality of the food is there.I really wanted to like this place. The first time I was here, 4 months ago, I had the most delicious pizza and nicest waiter. Today, however, might be my last trip here. First, we walked in and went to place our order (party of four) when the man at the counter said he couldn't take our order because there weren't any free tables. This I understand, as did all of my party having worked in the service industry, so we asked for a number or to put our name down - man at the counter responded with a quick no. Apparently our only option was to get a drink at the bar and hope to jump in line when a table became available. Luckily we saw a table vacate and quickly claimed it and ordered food. The pizza was sub-par at best. The first pizza we got, the prosciutto, was strange - there were  1/2 inch slices next to 6 inch slices, no cheese (the menu said it was supposed to have fresh mozzarella) and the toppings were ice cold and clearly added after the misshapen pizza was cut (meaning we had to cut through toppings to find a slice) making it one of the most unsatisfactory pizzas I've ever tried. The second pizza, chicken pesto, was slightly better, still cut oddly but at least it had cheese. The biggest benefit to the second pizza coming was that we could use the first pizza pan as a fourth plate since we only ever got three. At least the drinks were good.Happy hour specials are great.  Highly recommend the clam pizza and the prosciutto pizza.  Fantastic atmosphere and the staff made great recommendations and drinks.Fun unique pizza place still open after the parades end so a great life saver during Mardi Gras. 
Atmosphere is classy wood walls and chandeliers illuminating above marble tables. It is more casual than the one downtown. You order at the counter and then find your own seating. 
Food. Fresh made oven baked pizza with a real smokey oven taste. Wide assortment of toppings and the pizzas truly satisfies the hunger. I have tried the margherita pizza and the tomatoes flavor comes through like a true margherita pizza should. The smoked pork pizza has good meat portions that is tender and juicy. 
Fun fyi the antipasta does not mean pasta. From a guy that doesn't speak Italian that was a fun mistake. 
Service: friendly young servers who are quick with a joke when you chat with them.Nice to find such delicious pizza for the whole family in this casual uptown spot.
Cheese is very high quality, thin crust is delicious. Glad i got introduced to this place by some friends.I came here to try the infamous garlic knots that I hear my friends rave about. 
Setting: it was a combination of rustic and modern pizzeria. I would say the table layout is a bit too compact as I was over hearing many of the conversations around me and initially navigating to my table was a bit troublesome as I kept bumping into other chairs. 
Food: tried the garlic knots and it lived up to its hype! It was so addictive. The roasted cauliflower got a bit tiring to eat as the depth of flavor was a bit lackluster, but what can you really expect from roasting a vegetable with some salt and light cheese on top with a dipping sauce on the side? As for pizza, we had ordered two different pizzas: tutto carne  and clam. The server said that the tutto had ran out of mortadella, so they would give extra salami...however that wasn't the case nonetheless the pizza was quite enjoyable. The clam pizza on the other hand was not worth it as it had an... Indescribably pungent taste that left scowl faces. After the second slice, it was determined that it was not suited for our particular taste so we had just left it. 
Service: Service was acceptable as the initial seating process was an awkward encounter as the hosts stared blankly at my arrival and said "table for two". The server was nonexistent other than the standard: greet-order-payment process.When Pizza Domenica first opened, I would have given it five stars. It has nice decor, tasty options, and friendly staff. But they're slipping. They've removed popular items like the roasted cauliflower appetizer and pulled pork pizza(!) and pushed happy hour to end at 5 instead of 6 which is not going to work for most people who work normal hours. And the most neglectful part is that the spicy oil they put on the table has gone RANCID. 
There are still good parts of Pizza Domenica, but all of my favorite parts are gone and I see no motivation to return.When your business is hosting a "private event" during rush hour lunch time, please put out a sign for your patrons - it's annoying to drive around looking for parking for 10 minutes, park, walk to the hostess station and be told it's closed for said event...I don't get out to nearly enough pizza places, so when I had an opportunity to try Pizza Domenica, I jumped at it.
Walking in, the setup at PD is a little odd. You order your first "course" at the counter and then take a number, sit at your table and wait for it to be delivered. Then you can order more at your table, if you like.
We started with the garlic knots, because that seemed to be a favorite of past reviewers. They came with an interesting cheese dip on the side that was deceivingly light. It was almost like super light cottage cheese (but not as clumpy). It was good, but like another reviewer said, I would have been just as pleased with some marinara on the side. The cheese didn't have as much flavor as I was expecting.  
For our pizza we got the Tutto Carne, which came topped with salami and sausage. I liked it a lot. Because the pies are made in a wood oven, the crust has a nice smoky flavor to it. I also like that the pizza is thin crust, so you can eat a bit of it and not feel gross when you're done.
They have a nice beer list, although I didn't partake and their cocktail menu seems to be quite large as well.
All in all I enjoyed my experience here. It might not be my very first choice for pizza, but I was not left disappointed in the least.I've been to Pizza Domenica before...I consider myself a foodie...few of my local friends not so much. So it's always a hit or miss when I talk them into going somewhere new with me. With that being said I enjoy myself when I come. 
Most of the time we come during happy hour. It gets pretty busy so beware. I don't consider that a bad thing tho. Slightly upscale pizza spot. Def not like the ones on Bourbon Street which have pizzas sitting under a lamp all night! Which may only taste half as good because you just want something to soak up hand grenades you've been drinking all night. LOL
We ordered the Tutto Carne pizza which I adore! And got a $15 specialty pitcher. Pretty cheap for gourmet pizza and a few cocktails. Not to mention the kitchen made our pizza order twice, gave us the other for free! . Sweet!!!!  The specialty cocktails are just that SPECIALTY! It took us FOREVER to figure out what we wanted and we weren't impressed. Even with us suggesting to the waitress not to add the egg whites to our pitcher. Now that's not to say we didn't drink it, but I'll just say I'll stick to Jack and coke. 
Now if you're used to pizza that's full of sauce then this might not be the place for you. Or you can just order a side of sauce for about $3 (kinda steep) but whatevs. 
Overall a great experience and I'll definitely be back. Probably with more of my "foodie" buddies who'd appreciate and enjoy a twist on their pie.We had each of the four appetizers and loved each one: roasted cauliflower with feta dip, meatballs over polenta, garlic knots with whipped butter, burrata caprese. Also loved the pizzas which had a good topping to crust ratio. Had 4 pizzas and a calzone. $220 before tip for 7 people with half of us having beer and about 1 1/2 pizzas left over to take homeLove this place! The atmosphere, the menu, the open kitchen! My favorite appetizers are the garlic knots & Roasted cauliflower! (The whipped feta sauce is AMAZING!) sometimes we just get apps & cocktails because it's just that yummy! The pizza are wood fire pizzas & they use fresh ingredients! I love Prosciutto pizza. You can do half and half. Perfect for sharing!No point in even commenting on how good the pizza is so ill move on. Got wings again tonight because football is back on, and I had the craving. Just outstanding. So nice to have a place walking distance in the neighborhood. I will say though I wish they had the old dipping sauce. It was so much better.This is our fave spot when we're in town! The whipped provolone served with the garlic knots is to die for! All pizza and delicious as well! Great environment, location, and staff! Seriously a staple when we come to Nola!Greatest pizza I have had in a long time. This crust is the best crust I have ever had beneath a pizza! Wow! The texture, amount of crunch, and taste all add to its greatness. Amazing! Would eat at this pizza place again and again if I were not leaving tomorrow from New OrleansI'd venture to say this would have been a 5 star experience, but the wait staff dropped it to a 4. Still a pretty good night out!
We were greetly warmly by 2 hostesses. We arrived just before 9pm and were told it'd be about a 15 minute wait. All the tables were taken as best we could see and there was a party of 5 ahead of us, so this seemed reasonable. Almost before we could sit, a table opened up for us. Our waiter wasn't as welcoming and blandly told us we could order drinks and appetizers if we wanted. He did at least give a good beer suggestion for my husband, so there was a saving grace. I had "The Coop" cocktail- a really awesome and unique bourbon, rose, and pepper drink. We opted to do a 1/2 tutto carne and 1/2 margherita pizza, which ended up being the perfect portion for us. It's a thin crust pizza that held the toppings well, but you had to be careful when transferring it from the pizza tray to your plate. We both loved it, though- fresh ingredients with just enough wood-fired flavor to not be overpowering. 
We weren't offered dessert, which was fine because the menu seemed limited. The check came quickly and we left full and happy!Our pizzas were excellent! Try the Basil pesto pizza with the dipping sauces... You'll thank me!
The atmosphere is nice... Great place for a date night or just sit at the bar to watch a game.Some of my friends an I came here after Art for Art Sake Festival, and it was absolutely delicious!!! Before we were seated we were able to order a specialty cocktail, and were seated fairly quick for it being that busy. Once we got a seat, we were serviced very well and on a timely manner. We had the garlic knots & Bruschetta , and then shared a pizza. I just can't make any complaints about this place, and I am very particular about my pizza!The pizza and food are decent, the experience is not.  Noisy-loud, not particularly clean in the bathroom (floor needs a wash, no paper hand towels), and very close to fast food production line impersonal.   Prices are out of whack - the cauliflower is good, but nuts overpriced.  There doesn't seem to be much chance of ordering anything that isn't exactly as on the board.  By the way, how does " buttermilk chocolate cake" turn out to be a small cylinder of milk chocolate pudding?  Lots of kids working who seem to be following corporate designed tasks.   Not a comfortable place to be - conversation is difficult unless you're shouting and the people next to you are not..  Take out happy hour, if such a thing is possible, is your best bet.Garlic Knots, Garlic Knots, Garlic Knots! Get it!
A great pizza place on Magazine Street.  Yes, get the garlic knots to start. It's really good. The meatballs were good but nothing to write home to mom about. We ordered the pepperoni and Gorgonzola pizza which was great. Great bar and beer selection automatically makes this a 4-star review  The only negative comment on this place is the small space between tables. They sure do try to pack as much tables in such a small area. Some lady decided to stand and talk to the people in the table next to us so all we could see at eye level was a big ass and it's not very appealing. Overall a good place for pizza but mind the table you pick.Way over priced! I'm a fan of Domenica in The Roosevelt, but was dissappinted by Pizza Domenica. We got a pizza and chipped salad...both were ok, but not worth the price tag.The first thing I liked about this place was that normally you order at the register when you walk in the door and they bring the food to your table.  That's fine.  But since we were waiting on the rest of our party we decide to sit at a table while we waited.  A server came right up to our table and offered for us to have table service since she wasn't too busy.  From this point on she was super attentive.  
Garlic knots were amazingggg!  The pizza was really good bu not the best I've ever had.  
The place itself was gorgeous!  There was great attention to all the little details.  That being said, I will definatly be back!The garlic knots are the best thing I have EVER eaten. Absolute heaven! Pizza was average.My daughter and I went to PD on Christmas Eve and ordered the kale salad and the tutto carne pizza. The salad was good and the pizza changed my mind about thin crust pizza. I am on a never ending quest for good deep dish pizza but this thin crust pizza is a must try. The crust is crispy and flaky and really good. All of the meat toppings were flavorful and tasted great. 
The wood decor of the place is very nice. They have a long bar that looks like it would be great for happy hour or to catch the next Saints game. We'll be back next time I'm in Nola............Dined on the garlic knots and delicious pizza during happy hour.  It was a ridiculously inexpensive meal that ended up being only $25 for 2 drinks, appetizer and pizza .  
The garlic knots are absolutely scrumptious with the garlic whipped butter mixed with some sinful cheese.  Would recommend that appetizer any day.  Our pizza was delicious and everything is fresh and authentic.  The service was very good and friendly .  Love the ambiance of the establishment .  Authentic and modern is the best way to describe.I just called to order take-out. The person who answered told me they aren't accepting take-out orders over the phone. When I said "thank you," she just hung up. Aside from this person's rude manners, it would have been nice if someone (the same person?) had told my husband that the restaurant isn't accepting orders over the phone when he picked up a takeout menu about thirty minutes ago. Not exactly inspiring us to go there at all...Great pizzas. Awesome appetizers. Good prices. Great happy hour. 
This is like the baby brother to Domenica, downtown. The menu is slightly smaller, and the vibe is a little more loud. In fact, it was very hard to have a conversation without yelling across the table.  Not a deal breaker though. 
If I didn't live so far from this location, I would probably go back soon. But considering Domenica is a 60 second walk from my apartment, I'll probably keep going there.This place is a gem! Kayla our bartender made us a special cocktail & it was awesome. The garlic knots are to die for with their aged provolone fonduta! (Like a little cloud of heaven). We also enjoyed the Tutto Carne pizza. Everything we had was delicious and our bartender was super adorable! Please don't leave w/o trying the garlic knots please! Well worth it! I can knot say enough about them.Some of the best pizza I have had since I moved to the south. I highly recommended the garlic knots and the meatballs. The waiter was very attentive and really took care of us. Will return again!Was so happy to find a place I actually liked in NOLA, as I don't eat seafood. We had prosciutto pizza and rigatoni. Pizza was decent but the rigatoni was spectacular! Such a great location and we received excellent service.I'm so glad to have ordered the garlic knots with whipped cheese! Amazing eats, simple yet satisfying food! The only drawback is the noise level at this place.The garlic knots with the funduta!!!! sooooo good!!! Pizza is great, other apps are wonderful too! Fun and relaxing atmosphereGreat place in a great area. 
I was walking down Magazine, looking for a bar or place to watch the Blackhawks game, and saw bright lights, a bar, and a couple of TV's. Of course, I saw tables and people eating, too. 
I asked the bartender if she could put the Hawks game on one TV, and no problem. 
Had a Crispin Cider in a chilled glass...excellent way to quench my initial thirst. 
Tried a NOLA Blonde ale, hoppy, bright finish, tasty. Ordered meatballs. When they came they looked ordinary,  but no.... Flavor up the yin/yang. On a bed of polenta with spicy arribiata sauce. Meatballs had mini chunks of something, I'm going with garlic. Not overpowering, just great taste, and made me hungry. 
Ordered a Four Roses bourbon on the rocks and another NOLA Blonde. The Hawks were losing, so I had other priorities now. 
I ordered a prosciutto pizze. 
When it came it looked beautiful,  and smelled great. The taste, again...fresh, crunch, crust tenderly burnt on the edges, mozzarella melted, tomato sauce, and the crunch of arugula. The prosciutto was paper thin, and see-through with a hint of fat attached that added more flavor. 
Yes... flavor, flavor, sabor. Loved it. 
Started talking to a patron next to me only to find out they had been closed an hour already. 
The bartender,  Nicole was a nice young lady, very personable, and friendly. Never told us to leave. I asked what time they close, she said 9..but it was 10 already. Sorry, Nicole! 
Thanks. I'll be back!Pizza knots. PIZZA KNOTS. Ahhh why are they so great and bad for me!?! 
I love this place for HH-- you cannot beat it. I prefer to sit at the bar-- bartenders are responsive, nice, and make great drinks. (but that's not to say the server staff isn't on point)
Basically any pizza you order will be great-- I think I've tried them all now. My favorite one switches every time I order something different from the last time I was there.Five stars because I can't think of anything that was not good!  Great food, good selection of drinks, great service.  They have a daily happy hour, I think from 2-5, half priced pizzas.  The garlic knots and roasted cauliflower are wonderful!  Perfect crust on the pizza IMO.  Had the chocolate buttermilk cake, yum!!  We will go again and I highly recommend it!Highly recommend the garlic knots, roasted cauliflower and the wild mushroom pizza. All the pizzas are good. The food here is above exceptional. I will say if you have a bigger party, or want some room, go to Domenica downtown because this place is tiny with tiny tables and was not accommodating of our little big bigger party. Service is ok, not great but not bad and the host/hostess could use some training.It's my go to place for true Neapolitan pizza...but Alon..why have you taken my whole roasted cauliflower off the menu?  The "cauliflower steak" is a conciliation - but it's not the same!   Love everything here- but missing my favorite appetizer in the city!I am THE BIGGEST fan of Domenica downtown. I LOVE it. However, my love for good food will not be trumped by the BS flyin' down over here. I rarely use lists, but I need to organize myself. 
1. Their main menu should not be out of date. Why? Because it's a freakin' chalkboard. If you're out of something (and they were, of multiple things, on a Tuesday night), please take the time to update your chalkboard menu. It's not that difficult to strike a line through it until you have the ingredients. 
2. The manager needs to get her shiz together. As the manager comes up to ask us if we're doing alright, she fails to hide her phone screen, which is clearly showing that she has pulled SnapChat up on her iPhone and has sent out about three snapchats within the last few minutes... I'm sorry, but really? Why is your phone even out (and unlocked and on-screen) when you come over to talk to me? And why are you using personal social media (if snapchat really even is that, I beg to differ) at work? During the busiest time of the day when the entire restaurant is full?!? At least take the two seconds to move your index finger down 1/8 of an inch and lock your phone screen...
3. Stop skimpin' out on the toppings I am paying extra for! And there's no excuse for this, considering Alon Shaya was in the restaurant. Come. On. We ordered anchovies on our pizza (they're wonderful at the ordering counter and ask if you would like white anchovies or brown..) and our pizza came with a whopping four anchovies. FOUR ANCHOVIES, Y'ALL. 
So enough with the negative, the menu is fantastic (if not up to date) and everything was yummy. The pate is worth getting. The cauliflower was just as delectable as I remembered, and I'm loving all the new pizzas. The White Pizza was flawless. Also, the dipping sauces are so worth it.
They have some great salad options, crostini, etc. Great beverage list. But considering this is really just an expansion of a new restaurant which is run by a very well established restaurant group, I will stand by my rating of this place until you guys get yo shizz together. I'm more than willing to come back and try it, but I'm pretty unimpressed.True rating: 3.5 stars
I came here on a Thursday night with a group of about 20 people, and it was awesome that they were able to accommodate our large party. We did have to split the group into 2 tables, but the tables were right next to each other. 
Get the garlic knots. You will absolutely regret not getting them. They are seriously amazing. I could eat a whole order (or maybe 2 orders) of these and leave without the pizza. I would rate this restaurant 5 stars alone for the garlic knots. LOL.
The pizza is good, too, just not blow me out of the water good. It's a thin crust style, but it's still crispy and not too floppy. Sometimes I find thin crust pizzas to be overwhelmed by their toppings so it becomes soggy - not the case here! 
Service was okay. We probably should've had one server for each table, but both tables were taken care of by one guy so I'm sure it was a little overwhelming for him. Service would've probably been better if we had a regular sized table. 
My boyfriend and I shared the tutto carne pizza aka meat lovers. This was probably my favorite of all the ones I tried. The fact that none of the other pizzas left much of an impression on me is evidence of that. However, everyone else seemed to really enjoy their choices, so maybe I'm being a little harsh. 
I would return regularly if I was a local resident. I think it'd be a great date night place. Pizza was good and ambience is very nice!This is such a great local pizza restaurant! Really unique pie options. I went with two other people and we got three pies to split. There were plenty of leftovers. Really unique toppings on some of the pies (strawberries on one, carrots/beets on another). Each of the pies I sampled were delicious. The crust is thin and crispy with the ends more doughy. Service is efficient and very friendly. Great place to go on a date or with a group of friends!So glad this place opened uptown! I love the original Domenica, but the CBD is just...the CBD. I was expecting a full-service restaurant so was a little surprised to walk in and see that you order at the counter, then seat yourself, and someone brings your food/drinks over. I'm not a huge fan of this model, as I'd rather just have a waiter/waitress I know is assigned to my table; otherwise, I feel like I'm bothering someone when I ask for things. Also, it makes for some really awkward decisions about tipping (we ended up tipping at the cashier and then again at the table because we weren't sure if they shared tips). 
That aside, the pizza is just as good as it is at the original Domenica. It's of the thin-crust, charred-edges style. I got the roasted carrot pizza, trusting that, while I might not think to put them together, the goat cheese, beets, hazelnuts, onion, and Brussels sprouts would all get along quite happily. And they sure did. In a true testament to this pizza's quality, it even reheated well the next day in my toaster oven.
The pizza isn't exactly cheap, so it would be great if the half-price happy hour specials ran at more convenient times, but I guess that would undermine the effort to fill up the restaurant during the off-hours of 2-5pm. Luckily, the happy hour carries over to the weekend, so the nine-to-five crowd still has a chance to get a deal.This is not your average pizza. The brews on tap, pizzas, and salads are the highest quality. Service is great too. 
Last time I was there I enjoyed the New Belgium white IPA on tap, Pizza Marguerita (fired in the pizza oven), and Caesar salad. 
I recommend going for happy hour when the pizza is half price.I ate here a couple weeks ago and I'm still thinking about the delicious sauce that comes with the garlic knots. There was a bit of a wait time but it was well worth it. I had the chicken calzone with plenty leftoversI ordered through ubereats tonight. Wish I would have gotten a frozen pizza. Undercooked soggy mess. Literally uneatable. Straight to the garbage. I grew up in Chicago and have spent a good amount of time in NY and Naples. To call this pizza is a joke.Not the best pizza place, but maybe I'm a little biased because I'm from Chicago. They have good customer service and their drinks are good. Try the garlic knots those are my favorite. I went with a large group for a friends birthday, and they made sure to check in on us and make sure we were okay.Pizza is so good. The garlic knots are a must. Honestly the best happy hour in town. For food and drink. Half price pizzas and depending on the day the alcohol becomes half price.Yum!  On a recent visit, we shared the cauliflower appetizer and a calabrese pizza and it was one of the best pizzas I've had!  Atmosphere is open and comfortable and the service was excellent.  It was a busy night and my iced tea was regularly refilled (my test for service)!  Only downside is that sodas are small bottles, versus fountain drinks, but don't let that stop you from visiting!Domenica has been one of our favorite places to have happy hour for a while now and now that Pizza Domenica is open uptown we can get there without having to worry as much about having to park, all in all, a good development.
We recently tried their brunch on one Sunday and as long as you are willing to wait until late morning and have pizza for breakfast, I think it's quite good.
We went recently to check them out and found that the quality was up to the very high standards set by the downtown location. We had the brunch pizza with the egg and found it to be just as good as the dinner pizza with just a little bit more of a breakfast tilt. The real star though was the blueberry ciabatta with sweeten ricotta. Man, I'm not a sweet breakfast guy, but that was some kind of good.
They also serve $15 pitchers of mimosas for those that enjoy a boozy brunch. Though I'm not sure how that compares to a bottomless in price for most people.
The only negative I can note from our visit, was the service, the wait staff was a bit lackadaisical. We were the only people in the place when it opened, so I can see how that would happen, but when you're working for tips, it's not a good excuse. The chef did come talk to us, which was nice but doesn't make up for an empty water glass.We're big fans of Reginellis and so that's our basis of comparison.  In short, Domenica had smaller servings, less generous toppings, and higher prices.  The pizza was tasty; it just wasn't as good as the competition. The chop salad was limp. They did have a much more interesting selection of beers. Noise level was much higher at Domenica to the point where it was hard to hear across the table.  We will go back to Reginellis on Magazine now that we've tried it.I've been several times and giving this place anything less than 5 stars would be an injustice. I actually prefer Pizza Domenica to the more upscale Domenica downtown. Alon Shaya is the King Midas of food in this city! Loads of options for vegetarians. The cauliflower steak appy with whipped goat feta is to die for, and the pizzas are beautifully thin-crusted and could just as easily be hung in a gallery as eaten. Go without hesitation, make a reservation, and try to get Tony as your server.Finally had an opportunity to make it to Pizza Domenica. As a mom, I love that I can now get Domenica pizza without worrying about bringing my kid to a fancy pants restaurant. She's good, but I always get stressed at Domenica worrying if she's going to complain loudly about something/someone. I don't have to worry about this here. 
Happy Hour is great, although difficult to make it between 2-5. 
Also, the Garic Knots. So. Good. Next time, I may just order the knots and call it a meal. They are delightful, as is the cheese sauce that comes with it.
Great food, fantastic food & drink specials for happy hour every day, and now with a more casual atmosphere than the original. I just wish I lived closer.Garlic knots were great! The pizza we got  was actually kind of weird. I was in the mood for a normal classic pizza and that's not what we got. At all. We got the margarita pizza which was ok and then this odd pizza that had carrot paste as the sauce. Very strange. Sad because it's so close to my house.Checked this place out on my quest to find the best pizza in New Orleans. The host was very pleasant and found us a table faster than the predicted wait time. Wines and drafts were a tad on the pricey side- bottles and cans were definitely cheaper for beer and a good selection. As others have said, get the garlic knots! Smoked chicken pizza was delicious as well, but definitely a gourmet pizza and not a go-to when I'm craving a good slice. Service was pretty good, but slowed down towards the end of our meal, though I did notice that the server was finishing multiple tables at once.Was packed with children on a Friday night, but the food will make you forget any misbehaving children. Great drinks, sangria and others. Pate for an app was awesome, and kept it during the pizza to use on crust. Gorgonzola pizza with strawberries, honey pecan and speck was a little odd to list of but amazing to eat!We enjoyed Happy Hour on Sunday- 1/2 off drafts as well as 1/2 off pizzas. We had the garlic knots, the roasted whole califlower, the wings, shaved brussel sprout salad as well as a pork belly pizza & a pepperoni (?) pizza. It was all delightful! The sauces served with the garlic knots & califlower were to die for!! The server was nice & courteous, the food came out quick... but drinks were slooooooow. Overall, very good.By far one of my favorite pizzas to date, and I absolutely love pizza, have tried from all over the US, and this tops the list. From the awesome Caesar salad with brilliantly paired toast (lol) to the 'Carne' Pizza pie, amazing  They even have a bar with a pretty large selection considering, almost ordered some Johnny Walker but what a way to spoil a full pizza on the stomachI ate at pizza domenica a couple weeks ago while visiting from LA. I wasn't too set on pizza, but my friend had heard amazing things and convinced me to try their smaller plate items.
The staff was friendly in offering some options, like the arugula salad and tuna crudo. I liked the casual vibe and the bar was gorgeous. 
The drinks came out and I was pleased with the pacing of it as I noticed the place was getting busy. It seemed that there was only one server taking care of all the tables, so when the young blonde lady in a chef coat came and dropped our food I was surprised and thought it was actually really cool that the chef came out to our table.
She chatted with us for a second to make sure everything was ok and I gotta say she made out experience. I noticed her talking with other guests before going back to her station and calmly calling out more orders. Its for chefs like her that make me appreciate good restaurants, not just food or drink or price, but to notice the people really care about their establishment that make me want to come back. Also, the tuna crudo is amazing!Yummy!!! Loved sitting at the pizza bar...gave me a deeper appreciation for the art of pizza. Garlic knots are unlike any other appetizer I've ever had--just heavenly. Hands down, best pizza place on Magazine Street.The happy hour here is amazing: 1/2 price pizzas and 1/2 price bottle beer.  I think this place has a solid happy hour, but I don't know that I would recommend coming here to a friend.  I hate to admit it, but there are a couple of things that really devalue what is happening here.  First of all, why would I pay $13-$18 for a pizza at 6PM when I could pay $6.50-$9 from 3PM-5PM?  Second, the set up where you order and the waiter brings the food discourages ordering more things on the fly, and I'm not not sure if I should even be tipping.
Okay, the actual experience.  I arrived at happy hour and we ordered the roasted carrot and something else that had several different sliced meats on it, I can't remember the name.  The roasted carrot was my favorite, who knew Brussels sprouts on a pizza could be so good?  I like the other pizza, but be forewarned, these are some pretty tasty Italian cured meats, but that also means they can be on the salty side.  I had a beer with my dinner which was a really good accompaniment, but it wasn't as good for my dining companion who was drinking tea.  If you like some salt, I would suggest getting something with only 1 type of cured meat.  I would give the roasted carrot a 4 star and the other a 3 star.
The inside is modern and looks great.  I like that I can see the pizza oven, and I liked watching them hand crank the meat slicer.  There is a bar area for those who like to sit at the bar.  I felt that the staff was plenty attentive, but boxes and stuff are also out so you can help yourself.  For the record, I left a tip.Have you heard of Domenica? It's a John Besh establishment and I have a lot of respect for this group of restaurants...Restaurant August, Luke Restaurant, among others. Well, now they've done it again! Pizza Domenica recently opened on Magazine St. I've been there twice in the past month and I have to be honest, Pizza Domenica has outdone Domenica...
Pizza Domenica is mainly counter service, but I've noticed that they also do table service depending on how busy they are. It's family friendly, but is great for meetings and get togethers. The pizzas are delicious..warm, flaky, and buttery. Almost like the consistency of a buttery croissant. I love it! The reason why I love Pizza Domenica over it's mother restaurant is the chewy, yet crunchy  texture, and Restaurant Domenica hasn't been very consistent with their pizzas.
I also loved the Cauliflower and the whipped goat cheese...they complimented each other very well. Trust me...you'd be surprised how delicious this seemingly simple dish is!On our trip to Pizza Domenica, we decided to split a margarita pizza between the two of us as we weren't overly hungry but we were craving pizza. 
The pizza itself was delicious. It was a good size that was shared evenly between two people that it was satisfying. A nice mix of cheese and sauce on the base with available extra toppings supplied on each table to add for ourselves. We were very happy with the pizza! The only downside I felt to the pizza was the sauce and cheese didn't go all the way to the edges which resulted in just pieces of plain base to be eaten and some portions of the base were burnt. 
The location itself is really quite nice. Located on Magazine St and holding plenty of seating inside for patrons and a bar to sit at, you've got plenty of choices. A nice, darkly lit, chill out spot for you to bring some friends, grab a drink, and enjoy some pizza. 
So head on down to Pizza Domenica and enjoy yourself some fine pizza, mmhmmm!Wow!! 
Pizza Domenica was absolutely amazing! They close at 9pm, but we had reservations for 8:30pm, we were seated, greeted, and very well attended to. The majority of the menu items I would have not necessarily ordered, but since I was in a group, there was no harm done since we shared all items. 
We started off with the burrata caprese, which was soooo good! Everything was flavorful, fresh, and so tasty. The crostinis were also soft and warm and perfect to scoop up the pesto and vinegarette. Nothing tasted like it came from a can, but fresh and handmade.
We then ordered the brussels sprouts and chicken caesar salad. The brussels sprouts were crunchy and took a great taste from the sauce and parmesan cheese.  The chicken caesar was  also soo amazing. They uses romaine lettuce that I've never seen before, which is called Gem. It totally speaks for its name; the leaves were perfectly semi circle, green and crisp. They also used a light amount of dressing, that didn't overpower the salad, but dressed it enough that it gave it a nice flavor. The menu also listed the salad as having croutons, but they were actually little cheese crostinis, which were also amazing!
 Onto the pizzas. I wasn't as wowed with the pizzas as I was with everything else. On the other hand, the pizza choices did not disappoint. We had the chicken, mushroom, and calabrese. All were good. 
I would definetly go back to Domenica because everything was so great, but also they offer a happy hour with drink specials and 1/2 off all pizzas! I just hope that in future visits, the food will be this great!Almost everything was great here! The food was great, same fantastic pizzas as the domenica downtown, my waitress was really sweet, but the girl who ran the cashier/hosted us was just rude. She didn't greet us and when we were perplexed as to how to order she just looked at us like we were imbeciles and did the bare minimum that her job requires. She stared at us with these big deer eyes waiting for us to figure it out on our own. It's a strange set up, you have to order before you sit and its a pretty big menu and when the girl doesn't even have the decency to smile at you or help you you feel very unwelcome.They say there's no such thing as bad pizza or great Chinese food. Well, this place gives lie to the first part of that bit of wisdom. The pizzas here are so soggy! The pans underneath the pizza are coated with oil. And the fancy ingredients don't even taste as good as normal ingredients. 
And so expensive! 
Avoid.Seating was surprising long with half of the tables open, 40 minute wait.. We were luckily able to grab a bar seat. The food was great but the bar staff wasn't to friendly (FYI: Smile, it help customers have a more pleasant experience and helps with your tips). Regardless, the experience was nice and the pizza and garlic knots were awesome!SO SO GOOD. My boyfriend and I went there the other day and the food was GLORIOUS! He has been several times and has been talking about it; I have never been before but I LOVE pizza. Seriously, pizza should be in it's own food group.  So we ate the roasted cauliflower (A MUST TRY), a brussel sprout salad, a lamb and goat cheese pizza (the current special SO GOOD LIKE WOAH)  and the chocolate ganache dessert. Not to mention craft after craft beer. Staff was friendly. Atmosphere was nice. Food is on point. I will be back.Dined here with friends, a first visit for all of us.  Had a great experience enjoying the food, atmosphere and service.  Suggestion for first time visitors, look at the menu in advance since you will order right away before you sit down.  We will be back!I have had better crust.  It is so humid here I wonder that anything rises properly and perhaps they should watch that the oven does to get too hot.
Really delicious cauliflower antipasti.Great menu! Excellent service! I strongly suggest the raisin carrot pizza and the cauliflower steak appetizer. The whipped feta is amazing!The pizza was tasty but extremely salty (I love salt, but too much is too much).  Both the pizza and the toast that came with the salad were partially burnt (and inedible).  The salad itself was good, and the service was fine.  I've had much better wine for the price.Pizza Dominica is a high end pizza place that is definitely one of the better options for pizza on magazine street. They have very good garlic knots and all of their pizzas have a fresh crust and sauce. That being said, the service is quite slow and it is difficult to get out of there in an hour. Also, it is very pricy and any meal for one person that includes a pizza and an appetizer will be no less than 25$. If you have time and are willing to pay a little extra, this will be a good dinner spot.Great dinner.  The garlic knots and the pizza was outstanding.  They also have a great draft beer selection.  The service was excellent.  Our waiter was personable and fun.  They were great with my kids too.  The wait was a little long - even with our reservation but after eating the meal I think it was worth the wait.Been here several times and the food is on point, y'all.
The garlic knots are pornographic they are so good. Seriously, I could eat an entire meal of just knots and dipping sauce and be fine.
The pizzas do not disappoint either. Love the margherita; however, their prosciutto offering has been a bit heavy-handed on the prosciutto (I know what you're thinking - she's a freaking blasphemer, complaining about too much prosciutto) but it took away from the "pizza" if that makes sense. Usually I stick with the margherita when I come here because I'm a sucker for the classics, but the chicken and pesto pizza will make its way to my stomach eventually.
Only wish there was an option to "make your own" pizza, but I realize that may be kind of Pizza Hut-ish and not what they are trying to do here.
All in all, very enjoyable and quality flavors happening up in here.Incredible pizza and the freshest ingredients of any pizza in town. I had the pizza Enzo which as basil , mozzarella , tomatoes , and anchovies. There were red, green, and yellow tomatoes on it which were very fresh!  Also, it was a Friday during lent so I couldn't eat mortadella. Instead I asked for olives and they were very accommodating. Again, there were at least 3 types of olives. The crust is  excellent. We also had the tuna Krudo which was pretty good. Overall one of the best restaurants in the city for pizza.Happy hour is the best!!! 3-5pm M-F half price pizza, wine and draft pizza!   Oh and it's phenomenal pizza in a cool uptown local 
Enjoyed the burratta caprese appetizer and delicate pizza crust is fantasticWe love this place but have to mark down our score just because they took our favorite item off the menu. Please, please bring back the cauliflower so we can put you back at 5 stars!I have loved Domenica's Pizzas for a long time, and was very excited to see the spot open in uptown.  However, it took a couple of months for us to get here.  It was well worth the wait.  
We walked in on Saturday night with kids in tow.  The food was wonderful.  The garlic knots are amazing, and the cauliflower was amazing.  We ordered a couple of pizzas for the kids which we all enjoyed.  (Nothing too adventurous here, just trying to please the young uns).  
The only confusing thing to me is why do we have to order at the front before we go to our table?  Otherwise, a wonderful place.What a wonderful evening, went in with a large group and shared a ton of pizzas and had awesome cocktails. Neil our server took great care of us and the manager Ana made sure to check up on our group to make sure everything was perfect. Thanks so much for an awesome evening!The food is a 5 and service is a 2.
As most people have already said- you must order at the counter and pray you find a seat before your food arrives. Luckily there were three of us and after we decided what we wanted to eat we made mom scout out seating.
We went on a Sunday during happy hour (2-5) so it was crowded but no one had to stand and wait for a table. Coincidentally one of my friends who lives on the north shore was right behind us.
We opted for three pizzas, two ice teas, one punt, garlic knots and the three dips. I assume the dips were for the garlic sauce and/or the crust of the pizza.
The first thing to arrive was the three sauces. We didn't have any actual food for a while so we ended up tasting the sauces with our fork. After waiting a while, I noticed that my friend behind me got all of their food (and they ordered about as much as us).
After waiting a bit more, one of the pizzas came to our table and we told the waiter we had two more pizzas and garlic knots - he said ok. After almost finishing the first pizza, the second pizza came out and we were confused why we still didn't have the garlic knots but ended up gobbling up the pizza because we already informed a waiter.
Once our teas and beer were empty, a different waitress asked if we needed refills and we told her yes and that we were waiting on a third pizza and garlic knots. Finally  - after telling two people - we got all of our order. We then asked for a pizza box to bring home the extras, but it never came and I got it myself.
The one thing I disliked about Pizza Domenica was paying and tipping before I received my food. Did the staff think my tip wasn't adequate and messed up my order? Also, I never received an itemized receipt. 
I suggest nit going with a large group and going during happy hour for half priced pizzas.Reeeaaallly didn't like the "interesting" pizzas we tried--and I usually like unexpected things on pizzas. The one with carrots and hazelnuts is just simply not good. I can't speak to their more basic pizzas. The restaurant atmosphere is quite nice though, for which I give it two stars.PD has very big shoes to fill because everyone who has had Domenica knows how well executed their menu is. 
I understand though. PD isn't offering the creative pastas and innovative happy hour dishes. They're simply dishing out the well loved pizzas! 
But even that falls short. 
PD's pizza wasn't as crispy and dry as Domenica's. It was more oily and I didn't like that because it made my pizza soggy. 
The service is kind of difficult too. So, you order and pay up front, get a numbered olive oil bottle, sit down, and have your order brought to the table. How am I supposed to tip the server if I didn't bring any cash?
Overall, I don't see why I should go out of my way to visit Pizza Domenica when a) Dominica is closer to my house and b) Dominica offers a larger variety of items.Friendly staff, fresh ingredients, simple menu. Good pizza if you're in the area. The roasted cauliflower w/ whipped goat cheese is pretty tasty too.This place has a trendy vibe but it doesn't hit you over the head with pretentiousness.  Did anybody mention that it's loud?  Oh, Everybody says that?  So it's not just me.  What? Oh, I said IT'S NOT JUST ME!  Yeah, it's loud.  But I wouldn't want to go back to the decor and mood of the carpeted lounges of my parents' era either.  Just don't come here for a 'get to know you' date.  
Food was quite good but I'll get there.  Yeah, the place is very hectic.  Looks like the entire staff is on the verge of a Crash-n-Burn.  My wife ordered a Coke.  Oh, cool, it comes in those little throwback 8oz. bottles.   "Pricey!" I said.  "How much?" said my wife.   "$2.00?"  I held her gaze.  "2.50?" she said.  "Bingo," says I.  And no refills on a bottle.  There's a half point off the rating.
The Pizza was good, quite good.  it's wood fired and high temperature.  Most pizzas coming out to tables were quite singed on the edges.  I like that but most people don't.  Ours was also singed but it was very light.  The crust was done, not soggy in the middle, but could have had just a tad more crunch there.  Maybe a slightly lower oven temp would allow a more even bake without burning the edges.  But this is a detail...we got the pepperoni pizza and we ate what we took home.  To my wife, the crust was a tad bitter and she was not crazy about the singed edges.
The eye openingly delicious WARM MARINATED OLIVE appetizer is enough for four to share.  Wow! Where have I been that I didn't know that warming up good olives brings out the flavor?  Definitely will order that one again.  I liked the CHOP SALAD but my wife thought it had a bland dressing.
For desert we had the 3 LAYER PISTACHIO AND CARAMEL PIE.  I loved it.  My wife liked it.  The crust tasted like a graham cracker style that was sugared enough and thick enough that ti was quite hard and a challenge to cut through.  But that's another thing that I like and some others may not.  I really liked the flavor and crunch of the crust.  The fillings were good, if not memorable,  A nice finish to the meal.
The beer selection is excellent.  Specialty whiskey and gin selection is good and slanted toward flavor rather than fashion.  Expect to pay a premium for things like Death's Door Gin or any Michter's Whiskeys.
We'll be back.  There are a couple things they could tighten up to make this a 5 star review.On my second visit, there was a NAIL in the pizza. They gave us free desserts and comped the pizza and Alon Shaya was very sorry, but let me just repeat. A NAIL. IN. THE. PIZZA!!!!!! Inexcusable. We also had the worst experience with the ordering this time. The order at the counter thing is really, REALLY not working. 
On my third visit, I was treated to a lovely chunk of HAIR in the pizza. 
This would be one star if they didn't have that dang cauliflower. From now on, I'll stick to the fabulous flagship Domenica.Amazing!! We loved the garlic knots. You must try these! It comes with a whipped cheese dip and it's to die for. Pizzas and ingredients were fresh. Cocktails were perfect. It's a must try place!I've been a fan of pizza domenica, but my most recent visit was very disappointing. Ordered the chicken liver pate and pizza Enzo. 
Pate: served with bread that was literally dripping with oil. It was disgusting. Pate is rich and doesn't  need thick slices of bread covered in oil. The pate itself was lovely. 
Pizza Enzo: the pizza was so greasy that it pooled onto one side of the pan. 
I'm hoping this was an off day and someone just had a heavy hand - maybe an inexperienced chef? 
I expected much better.It's a cluster. They tell you to wait to sit until after you've ordered. When we were in line, two different groups jumped the line and sat before they ordered. So we had to wait to order and cram 5 at a four top  I'm done with this place.Really good prosciutto pizza, literally carved right in front of you!I was really happy y'all were open for Christmas, but the only thing not burned was the Caesar saladEven the cauliflower was great. Of course the garlic knots. We didn't even have room for the pizzaI'm so torn... I LOVE the food. And the cocktails. The space is lovely (if loud). The location is super convenient for me. 
BUT I hate the ordering process. As others have said, you walk in and order at the bar this includes drinks. Then you go find a table. Maybe this isn't a problem for most people, but each time I've been there (including at Jazz Fest when there was a wait for a table), you feel like you have to hurry up and order or lose a table to whoever is more organized.  Sitting and perusing a menu is so much more civilized. ESPECIALLY when I'm paying prices that normally would mean full table service.
Of course, you can order drinks (or more drinks) from your table and they'll run you a new tab...you can't leave an open one, which is still dumb.
AND then there's the water service. When I went after JF I apologized to our server and said, I'll need a constant flow of water because I've been out in the sun all day. Even with this heads up, I ended up with a dry glass a couple of times through dinner. The most recent time, we actually had to ask for glasses of water...really?
Again the food is yummy, but this won't be first choice for having a meal in house...maybe I'll try again with takeout.Amazing pizza, with a wide selection of topics that are all great: meatballs, mushroom, and more adventurous options too.  Great salads too, including kale and brussel sprouts as well as a caesar.  Good wine list, fine service and a really pretty dining room.THE WINGS!
Yes, I know you love Domenica for the pizza during happy hour, but those smoked chicken wings!
Go and order them. You're welcome.
Oh also, we sat at the bar and the bartender (sorry I can't remember your name but you are also in real estate and your girlfriend is a pastry chef) was awesome.Ok so mabie I was hyped up on how the pizza was sooo good but not the case at all After looking over the menu I was lining of excited to have something different for a change so we ordered the pulled pork , clam, and the margarita pizza for the kids . The pizzas were thin crusts but soggy the pork and margarita pizzas had no depth except for the hard pork that cut the roof of my mouth and the clam pizza which my niece ate all of had flavor but was a weird gelatinous consistency. Not a fan wont be backFood is great. Service is lacking most days we go- we've gone about 10 times now so I feel that is a good sample size. Definitely better with take out/delivery. Pizza is my sons favorite so we will have to stick with them until we find a place with good food and service. But you can't go wrong with the food.One of the best happy hours in New Orleans featuring some of the best pizza but the roasted cauliflower with goat is a must order. At $18 a pop its best to order it with a group but it can be ordered as the main course because its that big and that good. You may want to order two of those and don't even worry about the pizza but at half price during happy hour, pizza is a must.Alright. So I returned again for another try for their Happy Hour. Why not try their pizzas again when they are half price, right? The pizzas were great to okay at best. I love their crust and sauces. However, when it comes to their toppings I'm left confused and unsatisfied. I know their toppings are on the gourmet level, but the proportions of toppings leaves me disappointed. I ordered two pizzas and I was able to try both the Smoked Pork Pizza and the Chicken Pesto PIzza. The Smoked Pork Pizza had simple ingredients like mozzarella, red onion, Anaheim chili, and salsa verde. It was a simple pizza and the smoked pork packed a punch of flavor, but I want more depth in my ingredients. The Chicken Pesto Pizza really confused me. The Chicken Pesto Pizza has black pepper ricotta, broccoli, arugula. The ricotta was delicious but there was barely any chicken on the pizza. They put whole stalks of broccoli lightly boiled and crunchy. I'm not a fan of crunchy broccoli, they should have cooked it a bit longer. I've had four different pizzas from here and I can't give the restaurant anymore than three stars. Their happy hour is one of the best in the city and so long as they keep offering the happy hour drink specials and pizza prices I will return. I will not, however, pay full price for their pizzas.I was going to Domenica off Baroone St regularly until this place came on my radar. Pizza Domenica is the "pizza" branch of the classy restaurant found in the Roosevelt Hotel. So a bit more laid back, less options, and more pizza-centric. Pizzas are just as delicious if that is what you would order in CBD but service is below mediocre. 
If you decide to order pizza for take out or dine in. Add a min of 15 min to whatever time is given. Having tested the wait time problem here over 5 times, I have realized that you can expect almost one hour for a small order. To me, that is ridiculous, especially since I can order and pick up Pizza Delicious in less time.
Now that I got the semi bad news out of the way, my favorites here are Basil Pesto, Margherita, and on special days I will request a white Pizza!The pizza was OK. We got a margherita and a carne. 
The garlic knots and the CAULIFLOWER were awesome! The cauliflower is a little pricey, but totally worth it. And the dipping sauces rock.
The staff was SUPER FRIENDLY. From the girl I talked to on the phone to place my order to the girl who I paid to the girl who packed it all up to go for me ... a lot of really great customer service.
We didn't eat in the restaurant, but it looked really cute and clean. It's also in a pretty fun part of town. I had no problem finding parking on the street on a Thursday night.I tried Pizza Dominica for the first time tonight, as it was highly recommended to me from a close friend.  Everything was excellent- the ambiance, the food, the service... all top notch.  Our bartender, Ryan, was friendly and knowledgeable, and we loved all of his recommendations.  He and the other staff provided an amazing experience, and we are sure to come back soon!I easily give this place 4 stars on the garlic knots alone.  Came here right after I landed from Seattle, with my friend who swore by the garlic knots.  It did not disappoint.  Buttery, garlicky, soft, and chewy.  It came with a whipped aged provolone fonduta that I wanted to slather all over my body.  I don't know how they got that luscious, whipped texture, but it was amazing with the knots.  We also got the Gorgonzola Pizza (pear, pecan, speck, Gorgonzola, honey) - interesting set of ingredients, but it worked well together.  The pecan halves were an interesting touch- not sure if I'd have preferred it to have been toasted pieces?  But overall, good.  Garlic knots?  Amazing.  Lovely spot, love the light fixtures, the ambiance, and most of all that I can see what I'm eating.The Clam Pizza was a definite must try. If you have a crowd, I recommend getting one of everything in order to try it all. 
Great atmosphere, and the staff was awesome. 
Enjoy the great recommendation.Words cannot express how wonderful it is to have Pizza Dominica in the neighborhood now!!! 
I've dine in twice.  Once with friends and once on a date night. Both experiences were a pleasure.  The pizzas are delicious, I plan to try them all eventually.  The garlic knots are great, as are all of the other apps we've tried.  And overall it's a great value. 
This is just a great neighborhood spot!  If you live in the area you should make this your regular pizza spot, and if you don't live in the neighborhood you should make the trek as often as possible! 
They haven't started a happy hour as of yet, but the executive chef, I believe his name is Michael, said they are working on getting one put together and with this being a Besh restaurant I would imagine the happy hour will be great!Pizza Dominica in New Orleans on Magazine St. 
Me with 2 others arrived around4:30pm on a Saturday. 
The restaurant was pretty empty (as expected as it is neither lunch time or dinner)
We were hoping to be there for happy hour, but it is only Mondays-Fridays
The environment is absolutely beautiful--I would be happy to request the location for an event as the decor would be devine! Chandeliers, wood paneling, and clean restrooms which is really nice
First, the service--our waitress was pleasant. She gave us the specials and everything as normal. Timely service, friendly face, and knowledgable of the menu, which are all great things, right. So the service was lovely. 
Now the food. We ordered the garlic knots as an appetizer. This was probably my favorite food item we ate here. It's basically dough with garlic and butter. The epic part comes in when you add the cheese dipping sauce they provide--this stuff is amazing creamy and delicious! We also got the margarita pizza which is fancy talk for cheese pizza. Consists of marinara sauce, mozzarella and basil. This pizza is good for those who like cheese pizza. That's not me so we also ordered their Tutto Carne aka meat lovers pizza. Now I love meat and I looooved this pizza. It is topped with cheese, pepperoni, sausage, and other cured meats--delicioso! 
Overall the environment, service, and food were great! Love this place :)Well, I hate to say it, but I just wasn't all that  impressed with Pizza Domenica. 
I cut out of work early on a Monday to hit Happy Hour, but they only did half-price pitchers and I wasn't really into any of the draft beers, so I paid $8 for a 12 ounce shandy which basically tasted like what I imagine is bong water flavor.
The ladies working the registers were polite but not overly friendly, which is fine, but when my husband declined a glass for his Hopitoulas, the girl smirked and said, "Okay, but it's like a really tall can." Just an odd interaction.
We ordered the famed $18 cauliflower, which is insane, but I had to try it. It was definitely my favorite part of the meal, but I'm not convinced it's worth the price. Since it was HH, we ordered the smoked pork pizza, only to find they were out of pork. So, we went with prosciutto with arugula. The ingredients are very fresh and the prosciutto wasn't skimpy, but I was glad to pay $7.50 rather than $15 for it. The crust wasn't really crispy and the three pieces we took home to Carrollton were soggy by then time we got home.
The food was good, not great, but certainly spendy. For the $50 we spent, there's a ton of other good places I'd rather imbibe.Amazing place. Pretty quick bringing the pizzas out and the staff is very friendly. The pizza choices are amazing. Very well thought up recipes that accent each other very well. We ate the muffuletta and the smoky chicken pizzas and there was nothing lacking. The pizzas are original recipes and they have a nice, crispy crust. They have a large selection of local alcohols and beers. The restaurant is very clean and is a very cool design. 10/10 would eat here.The pizza is wonderful and it's so great to have a place open after 10pm in this area.  The layout is wonderful, the staff was great to us even though we came in late.  Pizzas are definitely big enough to share 2 among 3 people.  
Major complaint is the beer pricing, which is completely absurd. Yes, they have a good list. No, they do not warn you that their standard pour is less than a pint!  We paid $8 for 12 ounces of the rye PA -- not even a high gravity beer, and there's nothing on the menu that indicates the strangely small pour.  That pricing is ridiculous for New Orleans!SQUARE SLICES! Why is this on the menu and NOT identified as bread (focaccia) not pizza?  I've eaten at Domenica dozens of times over the years - in fact, I probably ate there at least once a week over the years. Pizza Domenica is another story.  I ordered the square pizza - burrata "slice" and added prosciutto- but their slices are not pizza. Why isn't that explained either by the staff or on the menu? The bartender inquired if everything was ok and I said "it's not pizza" to which he said no it's focaccia - as if to say, of course! Well, that should be clear to diners before ordering. I did not want focaccia/ I came for pizza.  I paid $9 for a slice of bread. And not very tasty bread at that....dry with little flavor. I ordered a monkeys paw scotch on the rocks - $13!!!!! Why? It was barely a full shot. It wasn't a "cocktail" and we both know how cheap monkeys paw is...Total ripoff. I own and operate a 5 bedroom b & b and often recommend Domenica and Pizza Domenica to guests. I fear I have been steering them wrong.I really love the creative pizzas found here! I particularly love the Brussels sprouts pizza. But any that I have had are amazing. 
But the real reason I go here is for the cauliflower appetizer. 
If I had to complain about something it is that it is a little loud in there. It's a little hard to hear the conversations at the table.This place has the best Margarita pizza in New Orleans.  Super simple, fresh tomato sauce, mozzarella, basil, and pizza dough.  Another big hit here is the garlic fonduta, great to enjoy with the garlic knots(these have a spicy kick) or with your pizza crust.  Big selection at the bar here, local choices on draft, bottles and cans.  If you like dark beer, try a bottle of the Turbodog.  The happy hour is 7 days week 3-6pm.  Friendly bartenders, we choose to sit at the bar when space permits.
During HH pizzas are half price.Always excellent food. My favorite is the roasted cauliflower steal and the chicken salad. Good selections of sparking wines as well.So many changes since my last review! Okay, really just two, but they're big ones. 
1) Waiter service - yay! 
2) Happy hour 3pm-6pm - double yay! 
Still wish happy hour were something more like 5-8pm, or really just all day every day, but it's definitely an improvement. Half off pizzas plus a different drink special every day - you can't go wrong.
Also, EAT THE GARLIC KNOTS! And then just lick the bowl of whipped cheesy goodness they come with, because whatever, you gotta live your life.Great pizza and ambiance at Pizza Domenica. However, I long for the days of their happy hour consisting of half price pizzas and different alcoholic drinks from 3-6 every day of the week. I guess too many people were taking advantage of that deal, so they limited happy hour a couple of months ago to 3-5 M-F. I usually get the the Tutto Carne or Smoked Chicken Pesto Pizza, both of which taste great.To start we arrived early, before they opened. They saw us outside and let us in. We started with the burrata mozzarella. This is the stuff dreams are made of. I will crave this for a while. The bread, the pesto and the fresh mozzarella, wow. Don't miss it. For the main course we had the tutto carne pizza. The dough is spot on, the sauce and cheese are great, the meats on the other hand are a lower quality than dolce vita. The sausage they use is in chunks and just messes up the flavor profile. The prosciutto and pepperoni are medium quality at best. If you want a all meats pizza, I recommend the solo carne from dolce vita. Will be back!It amazes me how this place gets any good reviews.  We live Uptown and have tried this place 3 times since it opened....all bad.  The service is phenomenally bad.  It's like they purposely hire people with severe adult ADHD.  Twice in two weeks we came and sat at the bar.  The bartender just stared off in space as though he forgot where he was...not surprising, he also forgot and messed up our order..TWICE.  No apologies... no, "Sorry man, I'll comp your beer for my mess up...."  Oh no.  Just a vapid look like he was going to need help finding his way home after work.   Oh yeah, and the food....let's not forget the food (although I really would like to forget).  How is it possible to BURN the bottom crust of a pizza and still have the rest be soggy and WET ??? When there was a scramble to get our forgotten order ready, the server took a burned, wet pizza and slung some room temp meat which tasted like pressed ham from an Oscar Meyer package on top of it.  And to all those reviewers who post glowing reviews of the roasted cauliflower...it's cauliflower people!  You could put Cheese Whiz on cauliflower and you have improved it!   John Besh better hope his name isn't associated with this dump anymore.Place will sneak up on you.  Large open area in the middle of the more residential section of uptown on magazine.  very cool atmosphere.  that being said the clientele are all rich white yuppies.  
Good bar, good beer selection; stuff you cant get most places.
All the pizzas looked good on the menu.  i got the calabrese and it was really really good.  it is very thin crust (but not paperthin) with a good crust.  fire roasted.  great flavor.  big fan.  
got the snapper appetizer.  very original.  basically sashimi with blueberries and some type of greens on top.  the greens were really really spicy.  i have no idea what i was eating.  it was good but i would not get it again.  (no way i could bring myself to pay the $18 for a head of cauliflower though).  looking around i would have gotten the mozzarella app.
you ever get served too fast it is weird?  we ordered and had finished eating in literally under 17 minutes.  they pizza was definitely fresh but i have no clue how the got it out to us that fast.  we were done so quickly that we began to feel rushed to finish our beers and leave.  they definitely didnt rush us but we were just done so quickly that it felt weird.  too me too quick is not good.  anticipation and normal wait periods are part of the fun of going out to eat with people you like.  service was definitely good though.
overall good place and good food and drinks.  boring clientele but i didnt go there to talk to them anyways.  pizza!!!!!Started with the chicken paté followed with the pizza. Half prosciutto half tutto carne. Nice touch with the arugula.5 star place!  Roasted Cauliflower with cheese was great, four people, four different pizzas to share.  Fresh ingredients and the crust is different than you will find anywhere.  Nice wine menu, excellent service.  Love this place, highly recommend.