I'm pretty sure this place has been open since before I was born and it's no surprise as to why. 
The absolute classic of an American diner, polite and attentive waitresses and most of their food made entirely from scratch. I would definitely say their fried chicken is the best I've had before, and fresh! Bottomless coffee too, for $1.75 which I think is quite reasonable. Nice pie, too :)I cannot say enough how much I loved this place!! It has a great old school diner vibe. The workers there were so so nice. I had never had gumbo and they make it to order but they made us 2 little tasters, and I usually don't even like shrimp but I ate every last bite!!! We also had the grits, fried chicken and the split pea soup was the best freaking split pea soup I have ever had in my life and I am not kidding. And the prices are insanely affordable, between the 2 of us we ordered a lot of food and beers for only $25. Great deal!If I could give zero stars I would.  Service was slow and it wasn't busy. Order came out missing food. Place was disgustingly filthy. And the food....bland and super greasy.Great place to get a diner plate lunch like meatloaf, jambalaya and poboys. Real cooked food not processed foods.No fancy but good food fast.Excellent oyster and catfish po' boys along with their red beans and rice. The catfish was moist and crispy as well as the oysters. The bread was fresh with the perfect amount of chew. Our server was attentive and pleasant throughout the meal. This is definitely a restaurant frequented by locals. Their prices are very reasonable and though their hours are limited the full menu is available during business hours. We were seeking to tick off a few more items on our to eat list and are so "pleased" we chose "Please U"!Please u restaurant was our first meal when arriving from Florida.shelly was so sweet.we will come back many times during our stay.thanks again shelly!Just good old fashioned diner food. This is as real as it gets. Great prices matching great diner food. Sorry to the cali girl (review below), this is New Orleans. There are plenty of pretentious places you can go. This is not one of them. . Wonderful staff who make you feel like you have been coming for decades. Been 4 or 5 times and always loved it. Reminds me of a time when my Dad and I would go to his favorite "spoon" for breakfast after we cleaned my uncles bar. THAT'S THE SECRET, it reminds you of a time when things were simple and good service and food were the norm. Thank you to the owners and staff for serving more then just good food.I don't  know why this place has such high reviews.  Breakfast  was quite abysmal. I ordered hash browns and got country style potatoes.  They were dry. Most of the food tastes  like it was previously  cooked and that is.is microwaved to order. Dry biscuits with a fake butter taste  ,dry potatoes.  The good items were pancakes  and omelets. Both were  also notably  fresh.I went to a lot of restaurants in New Orleans while visiting. This one was near our Hostel and I wanted a quick southern breakfast (to go). OK well the food is good--obviously, I didn't expect any less, but the waitresses were so darn nice. Some of the nicest people I met down there. I wish I had went earlier during my vacation because I would have went there every day for breakfast. But if you are anywhere on St. Charles Avenue near this diner, please go in. You won't be disappointed.I was looking for home style cooking and this cafe is just what I wanted. Had western omelette and it came with choice of potato or grits and choice of biscuit or toast. Biscuits were warm and flaky, grits good and not pasty/ lumpy and  omelette bursting with stuff. Good price. Warning: served are huge. Went back and had great catfish for lunch. Next time will try the half cried chicken. It takes 30 mins from when you order, but it will be worth the wait.I make it a point to stop in this little diner every time I go to New Orleans. I wish there were places like this in Chicago - the prices, the food, the neighborhood folk make this a truly authentic New Orleans joint. It's also super easy to get to via the streetcar if you're in the area since it's on St. Charles :) 
That being said - no, don't come here if you wanna be wowed by the decor. This place is delicious, home style New Orleans food served by good New Orleans people and that's it. Go on down the street and pay triple the price for food that would never be up to even 1 compared to the 5 star food they have here.
If you need another reason to go other than the food - well, I absolutely love the owners, Nick and Helen (fellow Greeks :) ). Nick's had the restaurant for over 30 years in the family and even worked in the kitchen himself when he first came over from Greece in his 20s. He knows every recipe you can think of and his shrimp and corn chowder.. oh man, it's the best I've ever had. 
I could go on and on about how lovely this place is  - just go and check it out yourself. I mean, there's a reason it's been around since 1946 right?Great little hole in the wall for breakfast.  Had the Greek omelette and hash browns, everything was cooked to my specifications and came out fast.  Great portion size for the money as well.I went back to the Please-U-Restaurant when I was in New Orleans recently and once again they didn't disappoint! I had the pork chop for breakfast and it was perfectly seasoned! We spoke with the delightful waitress who was telling us about the places she lived in various parts of the country! This is my breakfast spot when I'm in NOLA!My mom and I came here for breakfast. I had eggs, toast, bacon and toast she had an omelette. We were both pleased with our meals. We haven't found many other places in New Orleans where we could eat for under $10 each. The coffee wasn't very good and they forgot our water but I would definitely come back.As far as diners go, you will not find one in the city that does as good a job as The Please-U. I've been coming here for years and I can honestly say that it is my favorite breakfast spot in town. Although some might find its menu items unrefined, I find it quite comforting to have a simple American breakfast without all the bells and whistles. Besides, if you're looking for something along the lines of a duck confit corn muffin with yucca pancakes, try just about every other breakfast place in the city, not here. Along with having an unpretentious menu, affordable prices and extremely prompt service it seems that Pleas-u does "diner" better than any other diner in the area. So don't say that I didn't warn you when they say that they are all out of unpasteurized artisanal cheeses for your free-range eggs benedict w/ baby bok choi.This diner's name cracks me up. I was a little skeptical about eating here because of it, actually. Thank goodness I ignored my general hesitation and just went with it because it is great!
Inside is what I can only think to describe as a "divey diner" because it's very dated and not very aesthetically pleasing.  That really doesn't bother me as long as the food is good and the food here was great and the service is prompt and friendly.
I had a fried shrimp poboy once and a ham and cheese omelette with hash browns and toast on another visit. The poboy was really good and was piled high with shrimp. The omelette was wonderful and again piled high with the fillings. The chef is very generous.  Both were under $10.  Awesome!
Here's to you, Please U! You did, in fact, please me. :)Despite the look of this place, they have great food and even better prices! Definitely recommend it to anyone staying nearby! We had brunch here our first time staying in NOLA, and we were glad we did. All the locals will recommend this place too.So for service first, i loved this place. Shelly welcomed us off the street and made it seem we could not wait to be her guests. The place is a bit old, the vinyl-topped stools at the counter dated but charming, the ATM machine squatting next to the row of booths an intrusive anachronism, but overall homey and comfortable. The food is southern and just as comfy. I had tender ham hocks and cabbage; my buddy had a meaty and robust fried catfish. Both were tasty as hell and served with a smile and warm conversation. Great lunch at an affordable price, and one of our best experiences in NOLA this trip. Thank you, Shelly, for a great finish to our little tour that day.The Please U has always been one of my first stops in New Orleans.  The waitresses are perfectly polite.  The food is some of the cheapest standard New Orleans restaurant fare one can find.   Most main plates are between 6 and 8 dollars and are well worth it being tasty and filled with go power.  The decor is a wonderful diner style that complements the greasy spoon nature of the place.
Thanks for being here after all these years!Not a bad place for regular diner fare. Friendly staff. A little cramped inside. Ceiling tiles were sagging. Seats and all felt cheap. Stupid cheap meals(a good thing). I don't really feel strongly about this place to continue writiA hole in the wall you'll want to visit again and again. Found Please U on Yelp and decided to visit during my trip to New Orleans. We had wonderful waffles and the best biscuits. Walked out spending $12 for breakfast. Friendly staff and delicious food. Locals all around!One of the best hidden gems in all of New Orleans! Great local food, and amazing hospitality. Their Po Boy sandwiches are to die for. Next time I'm in New Orleans I'll definitely be back!!!Food's just decent, but the price is right.  This is the great American diner baby.  And I don't think it's going anywhere fast.Another great spot for breakfast!  No frills, quick in and out service, cheap prices.  Very hospitable wait staff, they seem to know several of the regulars and makes you feel at home.  I should've went back for lunch, but sooooo many other places to eat... Go if you can, for any meal.Enjoyed the Greek salad with the tender grilled chicken, one of my very favorites around town. Another of my favorites is the shrimp and oyster poboy. Absolutely Love the atmosphere at please u which is on st Charles avenue.Food delish, large menu, friendly service, huge portions. What else could you be looking for?The omelets are good. Not a flashy place, but a good breakfast. Cheapest breakfast I've had in town this week. Friendly service.Good not great... out of homemade biscuits so no biscuits and gravy. Utensils were dirty. Service mediocre. Probably would not come back.Visited this awesome dive diner in the garden district.  This place just feels like home.  This is a hidden gem for locals.  Our waitress felt like an old friend and was on top of her job, checking back, refilling the coffee and stopping just to chat and make sure everything was okay.  Had the Please u omelette with a biscuit.  Everything was superb and the prices were better than anything you can find in the touristy areas.  If I lived in NOLA this would definitely be my weekend go to.  Comfortable, Comfort Food, Great Prices & Awesome Staff.Nice local diner. Food was good and reasonably priced. Was quick and friendly service.Great new Orleans dinner , food WAs good, not greasy at all, friendly staff if ur in the garden district Check it out. Plenty of other places for bfast in the city, there is nothing to special hereThe catfish sandwich was so good. The owner makes the homemade tarter sauce. I dont normally get po boys but wow we liked it so much that we went back at lunch.  Gumbo yum..specials awesome. Open early open late. The server was so friendly it was hot and when we walked in they c I uld tell so they turned up the air. Really a pleasure.In the words of Greg Sheat "Best breakfast I have had in America" . Five stars would recomendEverything I had there so far was very good and the prices for the amount of food you are getting are very hard to beat. They even have a delivery!!!Great diner food. Staff is awesome and friendly. I remember back before I even moved to NOLA, I was guided and basically had different dishes explained, other restaurants I should check out and what events I should go to. 
Now, when I show up here, I get myself a gumbo or sandwich and enjoy my food and atmosphere.finally mustered up the energy to get up,  and attempt to revitalize myself . Got here at 6:30am , the service was nice, and thats cool and all, but the food was absolutely disgusting !!! Got a shrimp po boy, the shrimp WAS OLD, i could tell by the smell, and the taste was just unfortunate confirmation . the onion rings were terrible as well ! Got a side of brown gravy, that tasted like bad water . thw tomatoes were soggy, all in my party trashes our food . Didnt even feel like going to take it back , but will NEVER be going back again ! && to think, they had barely just opened, and there were already like 4 separate groups of people [locals/regulars] chowing down and raving about the establishment ! ugh ! they only get 2 stars because they were friendly .This was not a good place. The waitress was nice but the food was not good at all. They forgot our coffees and even forgot to put cheese on my omelet. When I said something about it they just slapped some slices of cheese on top and wasn't even  melted. I don't recommend this place to my enemy. The bathroom is in the kitchen with no lock on the door. This seem unsanitary.Total mom & pops diner, got an omelet with the hash browns (which are to die for) and they have an awesome staffNot only is the food good but the service is out of this world amazing. Location is perfect and outside seating is available for a gorgeous day! Will definitely return.delicious!!! Cannot go wrong here. Plenty of delicious food and it's super cheap. Get a Shrimp omelette with home fries and their amazing biscuits.I greatly appreciated the patience of our order taker.. My family and I made the mistake of placing our orders in the line to go, but meaning to eat there. She was very polite and got us our good in acceptable time. It was very busy and sort of confusing whether to just sit or wait to be seated.. One recommendation would be to have a sign outside for tourists saying the lines are got to go orders and payment and to seat yourself. I'll be dining there again!A little hole in the wall type place for the area it's in. The food was cheap yet really delicious and came out quickly. Their tartar sauce was so good!!! Definitely recommend this place to anyone.Delicious and reasonably priced diner food. Seafood gumbo is good, not too spicy. Get a po'boy dressed: lettuce, tomatoes and mayo. The location is great for hopping on and off the street car.Being from New York I can appreciate some good diner food and Please U did not disappoint. Had the eggplant parigiana and it was very good. Good prices and good food everytime I come. All you expect from a Greek dinerThe waitresses and cooks at this place are super nice. The food is really good and it is reasonable. It is straightforward breakfast that will be good every time you order it. I am giving it five stars because we ate there every day during our stay here in New Orleans. The establishment is nothing that is fancy, it is a dive breakfast joint. We would save money by going here to have a really good breakfast and then splurge during our lunch or dinner's in the French Quarter. I wouldn't travel across town to eat here but if you're staying nearby then you should eat here daily.We came here because of the great reviews.  Won't be coming back.  We sat at an open table, but had to ask for it to be cleaned (it just needed a quick wipe - wasn't crusty, but hadn't been cleaned after the previous customers).
Even though biscuits were prominently advertised, they were not available.   
I ordered the Please U Omelet with hash browns (no biscuits even though breakfast is offered all day) with ice water.  The eggs in my omelet were not mixed, so the exterior was patches of yellow and white.  Maybe that is a thing here, I don't know.   But the whites of my unmixed omelet were not cooked.  I scraped them off because I was very hungry.  About halfway through,  I hit clear egg whites, and I was done.  The hash browns were not crispy or seasoned, but there was salt and pepper on the table.  The toast was hot and fresh and very good - not rolled in fake butter.  No butter or jam/jelly offered, though... and the toast came out several minutes after the food.  Silverware arrived after the toast.
Maybe the cook was new - when an order was ready, the pick up bell would be rung for about 30 seconds.  Or maybe the staff had issues.  We arrived around 10:30-11am, and there was plenty of seating in the small restaurant.   Tables only accommodate parties of two.  Counter seating was also available.   We chose a booth because there were three of us.  Hubby had to ask for more coffee, my water was not refilled, we were not checked on if food wasn't being delivered, and the child received his food after the adults, after the toast, and after the silverware.   Bad plan.This place could definitely use a facelift. When I walked in I wanted to walk right back out. We only stayed because of the yelp reviews. Idk who wrote the reviews but their standards has to be very low or nonexistent. I ordered French toast well done. One side was burnt the other side was completely raw. I sent them back for pancakes which was just ok at best. PLEASE DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME.A time capsule of a down-home New Orleans diner.  My Dad used to take me to find breakfast when I had no school.  Expect to be called, "sweetie," and don't hesitate to say it right back.For a mom and pop diner, this place is pretty good. Now if you're looking for something fast, good, big portions and inexpensive...this is your place. Service treats you like family. I had the small muffeletta, and it was great with the pickled veggies, meat was fantastic. The man had the red beans and rice...also really good. We haven't had a meal for under 20 bucks in forever :)The ultimate Greasy Spoon! It is walking distance from my condo in the Garden District. I've never had a bad meal here! The catfish is awesome, as are the omelettes. If you leave hungry, it's your fault!Best breakfast in NOLA by far! Little hole in the wall place but don't let that deceive you, friendly staff, great food and best prices...Hole in the wall yumminess. Pretty traditional breakfast items in the garden district. Huge plates and you won't walk away hungry! Would go back if in the areaGreat yummy breakfast if u are not looking for a fancy place to eat.  The place looks like a diner.  So very outdated.  But great food.I really enjoyed this place, the food and staff were great! Please-U Restaurant is my go-to spot when I'm in New Orleans!This local venue is a great throwback to the neighborhood diner of yesteryear, only...it's still vital to the neighborhood! The morning I visited, it was something I hadn't experienced in quite a while: regulars who looked forward to seeing each other, a gathering of retirees savoring their French Market coffee and discussing current events.
I had an artery-clogging breakfast of 2 eggs over easy, Patton's hot sausage, and for me, a rarity - two pancakes. The pancakes were a little tough, but I don't care for a lot of syrup. The eggs were so light and not greasy, and even the hot sausage wasn't the oily deluge Patton's creates.
My server was friendly and even when she forgot items it was lightening fast. Including juice, coffee, and tax my total was less than $9.00. 
Check it out some morning when you call in sick. Take the paper, & enjoy the day with a simple, satisfying meal served with a smile.Plain, no-frills, greasy spoon. So greasy that the bathroom is in the kitchen. The decor is sticky too, but don't let that deter you from eating here. 
The po-boys are delicious and huge. The seafood on it is piping hot and flaky fresh. I had shrimp and my friend had catfish. Amazing!!! The size of these things make me ashamed to admit that we ate them all up. Onion rings were to die for - fresh cut onions, fried to golden perfection. 
Ask for a side of gravy, douse your sandwich in hot sauce and prepare for a trip to the heavens. 
Other patrons were eating eggs, dirty rice, I saw rotisserie chicken and fish fry. Everything is just straight up good.Good and service was excellent!!!  We had the shrimp po boy, chicken and waffles. It was great food and so tasty!Great little joint for breakfast the morning after the parades. Cynthia was our waitress and she was delightful. The food was real good and couldn't beat the price!This place is a diner in every sense of the word. Really bleak on the inside and really bland food. Definitely wouldnt go back. We had the fried chicken and it was worse than fast food fried chicken.Old and a bit worn out dive, with fast and friendly service and really good food. Try the Greek omelette, get the grits and biscuits, and don't be afraid to ask for substitutions.Can't beat this place for the price. If you're looking for an affordable breakfast that is also delicious, this is the place to go.  The oyster omelette, Greek omelette and biscuits and gravy are delicious. The food is served quickly. 
This is the type of place that you would expect to find our in the country with the service to match. It's excellent.Very disappointing. With 4 stars on Yelp, I was expecting pretty good homemade breakfast. There was 4 of us in our party and we all wanted to try their homemade biscuits, but they were out... they probably ran out of the frozen ones and didn't want to make any fresh. I ordered waffle, eggs (scrambled with cheese) and bacon. The eggs had an American craft sliced cheese on top of my eggs... seriously? The bacon seemed to be re-heated because it was greasy and flimsy. The waffle also seemed to be reheated because it was soft and didn't have the fresh crispiness to it. My sister in law ordered pancakes and eggs and sausage. The sausage was raw and her pancakes were greasy with meat flavor. They probably cooked it on the same spot the bacon was reheated. I will say again. Very disappointed. Would not recommend to anyone.Just had breakfast here this morning, after scooping Tropical Storm Lee flood water out of my car...and the $7 eggs, ham and french toast hit the spot! Our waitress was quick and efficient, and we all loved our breakfast choices (bfast is served ALL day). 
It's a great place to go if you need a hole-in-the-wall with affordable prices!Yes Indeed! I had the chicken and waffles...praise be to the king!!!! Chicken tenders were on point; and the waffle is probably the best in town! Customer service and wait staff were great...absolutely no conplaints! Definitely will be sure to visit this place again whenever I find myself looking for a quick bite uptown.Food's nothing special, people who appear to be the owners seem indifferent, with both  customers and staff (who were great). Place is like an old fashioned diner. Overall, not so welcoming.We had the rice and beans (which were amazing with a lil bit of hot sauce), muffuletta, Mexican omelette that came with a side of gravy and biscuits and really good spiced hash.  I would 10/10 recommend this place to experience some real southern hospitality with Shelly. 
This is an easy going diner with maybe the BEST server named Shelly. She was really attentive and made our breakfast experience a one to remember. We will definitely return to see her!We stayed at the Wyndham Avenue Plaza and were looking for a place to grab a burger closeby.  We had passed Please U a few times walking and it looked like a dive but dives often have the best burgers - right? 
 We picked the right place!  Large, juicy burger.  The fries and onion rings weren't remarkable but the burger was so big that we didn't really need them.
We went back for breakfast this morning.  I had an omelet and my DH had pancakes and sausage.  All were quite tasty and the coffee was great.  They did not have decaf.  Well... they offered instant decaf but who wants that?
Bottom line.  4 stars for offering a decent meal within minutes of our hotel.  AND offering a smile and great service.Eh... a good but nowhere near a great diner.
The food was ok. The prices were fine. 
The service was harried and distracted.
It was ok, but we'd probably try other places the next time we're in the Garden District.This is the ideal diner. Food is great and cheap. Classic diner look, rough but clean.Cheap, but not good. It was really disappointing. Biscuit was good. Not much else. Eggs were undercooked, steak was kinda gross and the potatoes made my husband sick.If you can't say something nice, it is better not to say anything at all. Chicken tenders were mostly cartilage and soaked in grease. Foul fowl. Not a pleasant memory.I would say a solid three stars for this place.
I really liked the food, for the most part. I ordered two eggs over easy with bacon, hash browns and toast. It was really good and the staff was super friendly and attentive. I gotta say, the coffee is garbage. I'm sorry, but there's just no other way to put it. It had such a bad aftertaste, it almost felt like it was coating my tongue. Also, they butter the toast, which I don't really like, but if I go back I'll be sure to ask for the toast unbuttered.
Now for the complaints. First of all, I walked in and the place smelled like wet dog. I have no idea why, but it did. The restaurant doesn't feel overly clean and the shelves holding the knick knacks were noticeably dusty. The worst was probably the fact that I had to walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom. This normally wouldn't be a HUGE deal, but it's tight quarters and walking through a kitchen with hot griddles and grills and stoves and ovens all going at once made me a bit nervous that I was going to bump into something. Also, I just don't like the idea of customers being able to tromp through where my food is being prepared. I guess I'm just weird like that.
They serve breakfast and lunch, so you can get poboys and burgers here. It's a pretty typical diner type of place.
I probably won't go back. St. Charles Tavern is still my #1 choice for breakfast on the Avenue.Yuck.  One of the worst meals I've had.  Vacant service, I felt like the waitress didn't listen to anything I said.  Order was wrong.  Flavorless.  It was cheap though.Fantastic food and Shelly is awesome! She made our first restaurant experience in New Orleans unforgettable! The shrimp poboy was great and HER grits were delicious!!I love this place.  The grilled shrimp salad is super delicious and healthy.  The sandwiches are fantastic, and the location is unparalleled.  My first visit was right after a parade, and the food was just what the doctor ordered.  Great service by attentive folks eager to please.  Cannot wait to come back.Pretty surprised this clocks in at 4 stars, as it's completely mediocre, bordering on bad, in almost every aspect. 
Service was extremely friendly, which probably bumps this review a star, but the food was rough. Their "hashbrowns" are the chunky breakfast potato style, and were 1) burnt 2) flavorless and 3) smashed in an odd way. Eggs were cooked to order, but they forgot to bring all of our biscuits, which it turns out they were out of, and then we waited 10+ minutes for a piece of toast. 
Tried the po' boys too -- better, but still average at best. Not really any need to stop in here with all the incredible food options nearby.OMG AWESOME PO BOY! Veritable pile of fried oysters and shrimp on what was basically an entire crusty French bread roll, (two huge halves) for $9! Friendly staff, classic hole in the wall diner atmosphere, about as legit as it gets.Cheapest mom n pop breakfast place uptown for sure. The fam is Mediterranean so they always have specials like homemade moussaka on the menu.  The gyro omelette is my fave because of the super fresh mild feta.  Don't expect fancy here but don't let that deter you. The staff is legit family and real sweet.Totally go here for all day breakfast or the biggest po boy (by far!) I've seen my whole time in New Orleans. 
This little diner is very unassuming from the outside. I have a penchant for greasy spoons, but I was actually on my way to a "higher class" place for brunch when the flooding-in locals made me think again. Good thing, too. Turns out everybody at Please U is a local and a regular. The waitresses (Stephanie is great) know the neighborhood people by name. 
I went for the Greek omelette, which was stuffed with tender gyro and big blasts of feta. Awesome. The grits were done right and not high-falutin'. For my waistline's sake, I opted out of the biscuits, but the looked huge and golden and fluffy. 
Looking over the menu, I love that this place has elements of Cajun and southern and Greek and Italian and even Jewish. The guy next to me got the shrimp po boy, which must have been 16 inches long and 5 inches high. Now I have to go back for lunch! 
Everything on the menu is like $5-8, and the $7 po boys come with a mountain of a side - definitely two or three meals.Please U pleased us so much we ate here THREE times during our New Orleans vacation. It's simple, cheap, and delicious. I think perhaps people should understand the terms "diner" and "greasy spoon" before walking in, and understand that is exactly what they're going to get at Please U.
The biscuits are the bomb-dot-com especially with sausage gravy ladled atop. I was cheating on my mostly veggie diet while on vacation, so I tried most of their choices for sausage and let me tell you, the links are the way to go without a doubt. The cooks know how to prepare eggs to your liking, the grits are creamy and delicious, and the coffee is piping hot. 
Our waitress was a hoot. In fact, she's one of the reasons we kept coming back. Her smile was contagious and she was more than willing to take some time chatting with these tourists to share what she loves about her home town. I wish I could remember her name! 
Bottom Line: Excellent diner with great prices and attentive service. No-brainer if you're in the lower garden.We had breakfast here 2 times during our stay. The waitress we had was so friendly and accommodating. Best eggs and bacon we've tasted. The biscuits were a little hard but the rest of food was great.The gumbo wasn't good especially for a restaurant on St.Charles, chicken fillet didn't have season. It was canned peas and corn with instant mashed potatoes. The waiting staff is very kind and very friendly, food just wasn't up to par.stop here for a few country fried steaks and mashed potatoes before.  It was really good, been here 3 or 4 times now.2 of the 3 meals ordered by the group were good. The omlets was not fully cooked. Could not easily send it back as outside of inital delivery of our food, we never saw the waitress again. Would not go again. While it wasn't necessarily bad, but it also wasn't really good.This place sits right in the middle of the garden district and is, by far, the best diner I have ever been to. It has a hole-in-the-wall feel yet I could tell it was a popular favorite. Shelly, our waitress, was SO wonderful and friendly. She spent a lot of time explaining the menu, helping us pick, and was super attentive to our table. 
I started with coffee. I ended up ordering the Mexican omelet which came with two sides: the hash browns (which were AMAZING), and homemade biscuits and gravy. This was the first time I actually didn't stop to take a picture because as soon as I tried everything, I just couldn't stop eating. I should mention that the food was super affordable compared to everything around it. Shelley also told us they were about to start renovations so I can't wait to see what's new with the building when I come back here. 
Definitely pleased.Came in for the western omelet with hash browns, however upon canvassing the lunch specials menu, i found a very hard to pass up chicken - fried steak with potatoes for $8.25. So I said, 'why the hell not'? So that, accompanied with green beans and a side salad came up to $9.27 after tax. Scoring a meal for under ten dollars anywhere these days is a rare occurrence for me.
Inside definitely feels like a diner, but I will say, things were smelling pretty good. Could have been that i was athirst for nourishment,  but the nose rarely confuses.
Got everything back to my house and it was all very good, I was rather pleased with the meal. These days, I'm not much into eating until I feel pot-belly-full; the portions were adequate of that desire as well. The chicken was not super crispy like most chicken-fried steaks, but I'll say that's the case because I drove it from St. Charles Ave to Mid City, still good tho. I also asked for white gravy and got brown, but it didn't kill the deal.
I think I'll be back for that western omelet tho. I'm glad I finally came here, I'll be seeing them soon.This little diner has the best homestyle breakfast you can ask for in the Garden District. If you miss being able to get any variation of classic breakfast items, then this is the spot.Everything you want in a diner: everything's homemade, open 24 hours, breakfast served all day. Nice waitress with a charming N'awlins accent. I'm going back for a fried oyster po'boy, and soon.A nice diner just next to the trolley stop. I got the omelette with home fries and biscuit while my friend got the vegetarian poh-boy. The poh-boy baguette was the best we ever had and they source it from a local bakery.
My eggs were well cooked and so were the potatoes. The biscuits could have done a tad bid longer in the oven but then I think people in the south like it that way. The service is warm and friendly.I can only review this place for one item.  Soft shell crab po-boys.  They are great.  Dont be fooled by the drabby exterior.  Although the inside is very diner like and lot all that much to look at, the food is great and very core New Orleans.
It is the only thing that I have ordered in close to 20 years.New Orleans, Louisiana ---
In my quest for a breakfast diner with counter-seating (a "Run-A-Way Bill" Favorite), I discovered the "Please-U-Restaurant" on St. Charles (tourist zone) ...
"Please-U-Restaurant" (since 1946) is a TOTAL disappointment ...
No activity, only basic-of-basic service, and an owner that sits in the corner and does not reply to a "good morning" (but just walks by), and REALLY REALLY REALLY bad "sausage n' biscuits" ...
wasn't even "sausage-flavored" ... bland white gravy with a "few" pieces of a frozen sausage patty (very few tasteless pieces) ...
When in NOLA I recommend stickin' with the coffee cafes & their food selections (hint: HiVolt) ...
day 041 "DUSA 2017" (Discover USA) 
"Run-A-Way Bill" was here! 
#RunAwayBill #DUSA2017 
03.04.17
UPDATE:
son on "non-sociable" owner "just" called me with this opening line after reading my Yelp review:
"how dare you harass my dad!"
my reply was, I only said "good morning to him"
...  son then went into such a non-stop verbal attack on me for "harassing is 63 year old father" (that is mean calling his father "old" at 63 ... shame shame)
03.04.17please u cafe changed  my life.  best po boy!  suzette was amazing!  food was great  and service  was quick.  prices excellent.  i will come back to nola just to come hereI went to this place for a quick, late, breakfast option. It is so quaint with a wonderfully nice staff. Everyone was so nice and accommodating and seemed very genuine. One employee even made sure that the parking officer wasn't going to give me a ticket by asking if I paid for parking. I'll definitely be back. The food was amazing and priced really well.Most reviews are pretty accurate. The food is good and the atmosphere is entertaining. 
The restaurant is pretty much a run down diner where nothing has been updated in years, that includes the staff and regulars. Everyone was really friendly, no one minded telling everyone their opinions and the service was good.
My wife ordered an oyster po-boy, I had a shrimp po-boy and we split an order of onion rings. Everything was delicious and you can tell everything was made to order. We enjoyed eating our sandwiches while listening to the a waitress and a regular gab on about the state of our society today.Please-U is an OLD fashion hole-in-the-wall diner with great comfort food.
It is not Commanders Palace or any other fancy New Orleans restaurant. 
It is a unique, quirky place to get a slice of New Orleans inner city life and good food.
It is really, really good diner cooking, excellent fare for an excellent price.
The service, almost always, is warm and friendly, but, hey, everyone has a bad day once in a while. I hope you don't have one of those days.
If you want DisneyLand, prissy, pristine clean, don't come here. 
If you want down-to-Earth REAL and tasty, this is your place.everytime in n.o i go here a minimum of 2xs. The food is so good and the prices are unbeatable. Example: seafood platter comes w catfish, crab cake, shrimp, fried oysters, fries, and toast for $11 and some change. It also comes with a salad before the meal. If you dont stop by this place you are missing outCame here on a visit from NYC, and I think the place is such a gem to stumble upon. Ordered the red beans and rice with sausage-heaping generous portion and extremely tasty. My waitress Shelley was very personable and friendly. Love the laid back atmosphere here. Feels like a diner stuck in time, there is a simplicity and a charm here that I love. It was built in the 1940s, and you can really feel the history and community here. Make sure to put this on your must do list in New Orleans.Best diner I've been to in a long time. Had breakfast and lunch here during a summer visit to beloved New Orleans, and they sure did PleaseMe.Good food, friendly staff, low prices. Nothing fancy but enjoyed the meal there. Would come back there again if around.Nothing fancy about this place, just the old-fashioned tried-and-true and yummy. Great omelets, great biscuits, great coffee, and friendly staff... can't beat it.I went in and it wasn't busy so super fast service. Greek omelet cooked very nicely and plenty of stuff inside. A pile of hashbrowns and a cup of coffee to wash it down. I was very satisfied with my meal and will be returningUnsure what was happening on new years day, however we arrived and got no service for 20 minutes. The table next to us seemed to be confused about their food as well, with missing items and food brought to them that they didn't order. We had no way to try their food even though so many people rated this restaurant so well. Disappointing.Just three blocks down from the newly renovated Pontchartrain Hotel, the Please-U-Restaurant has been doing just that since the immediate postwar years, and pleasing me for breakfasts and lunches since the early 1980s. A traditional Greek family restaurant / lunch counter, strangers feel welcomed, and regulars are recognized and greeted by name. I go for the oyster poorboys in season, and in the warm months order the catfish.Casual corner dive.  Good food.  Steak and eggs,  omelettes,  and the best pancakes.  No wait and great coffee.  Go to the restroom!  Kids loved seeing the kitchen.  Best of all,  great service.  Nice people make the food taste better!Basic breakfast was good. Proportions good hash browns seasoned well eggs cooked right. Bacon was a little anemic but tasty. Great coffee and service?was amazing. Its a little hole in the wall but price is reasonable and its great for a full breakfast without breaking the bank.I've been going to the PleaseU for 50 years and it's a simple place to get a generous and delicious breakfast. Their gumbos are good too. It has a true New Orleans spirit serving as a regular hangout for locals. 
I love the hand painted signs on the windows. I'm pretty sure they were done by Lester Carey, a well known sign painter who recently died. He painted a lot of signs in the neighborhood that are fun to look for.At first I was a little hesitant. It seemed like an old, no frills, greasy spoon. I wasn't sure what to expect.
The Shrimp Po' Boy was huge and delicious. We also ordered the chicken tenders and waffles and grits. All really good. The waitress was very sweet, and attentive.The food was delicious but the delivery service was awful. They told me 20 minutes and it ended up taking around an hour. I had to call to ask what the hold up was. Once the delivery driver got to my house he didn't even have a pen for me to sign the receipt. I don't understand why a delivery driver wouldn't have a pen, I shouldn't have to go into my house to get one.WHAT A GEM!  It's a little dive, but food and service are excellent.  Portions are huge, and prices are very reasonable.  We stayed at the Pontchartrain hotel nearby so we walked by Please U every day.  We decided to give it a try on our last day and quite happy we did.  I ordered chicken and waffles, my girlfriend ordered a po-boy.  Each of our meals could have easily been enough for both of us.  We both like to eat and neither of us could finish our meals.  If you're looking for a great value and good eats, this is it.price wise?  this place is a winner.
nothing fancy decor wise.
daily specials are very local minded, and wonderful.
order anything greek here?  and you will be really happy.  The gyro's?  killer...  greek omelet?  killer....
basic, good food, with great prices.  they also deliver, and have a quick turnaround.  I highly recommend this to anyone on a budget, or not on a budget.  its stand up....
again....  order the gyro's....Was in a pinch for breakfast and please u was near my job so I ordered the classic western omelette with hash browns and a biscuit. Well I was very dissatisfied as the eggs had black specks was from an unclean grill, the veggies were still stiff and not cooked all the way and the hash browns were atrocious. This place even has some of the worst biscuits I have ever had. If I were not super hungry I would have thrown the whole hot mess in the trash. They did give me an extra biscuit but as bad as it was that didn't help the fact that it was one of the worst breakfasts Ive ever ordered. Next time I am ordering from the near by St. Charles Tavern.The food and service were SPOT-ON!  Inexpensive and delicious!  I had the seafood platter and girlfriend had the red beans and rice with smoked sausage.  Hers was just fantastic.  Mine was beyond words...perfectly cooked and piled high.  I would pay twice as much for the crab cake alone.  Old school decor...probably hasn't changed since they opened in 1946 and I love it!!  Don't be put off by its simplicity, this restaurant is the real deal.  Chefs around the world should be required to train here before they ever attempt to put the word "Cajun" on anything on their menu.  I'm 100% Cajun, grew up in South Louisiana, and dis is da stuff, mais yeah!Went for breakfast and was disappointed
The service was subpar, I gave up on getting more water. 
The Greek Omlet was ok but would not get again
The biscuits were gross, they were hard and had obviously been heated in the microwave.
This is cheap but you get what you pay forThe reason for 3 stars is due to the fact it took a full hour for our only appetizer gumbo to arrive.  Our waitress Shannon was out of touch with our wait time and served food to other tables who were seated after us.  Once our entrees arrived,  2 1/2 of the 4 were cold.  The owners son ended up redoing my entire meal (chicken & waffles) because chicken was dry and the waffle was saturated in grease and cold. He briefly stopped by to apologize.  Shannon also apologized after she tried to blame our wait on the amount of customers being serviced. Overall the food was actually good,  BUT something we noticed afterwards.  The patron bathroom is accessed through the kitchen.  Several patrons attempted to use it but quickly returned due to cleanliness.Awesome food for a great price.  So good my wife and I order to go food and hasn't finished what we had. ... Just wanted some for later.  Total satisfaction 4 people full plus to go orders and under $60. Ask me that's awesome.I sure wish we had been directed here on our first day in New Orleans instead of our last!
It was a little late and a little warm when we ended up at Please U, but we got a fantastic breakfast and the air conditioner turned right on for us. We were at the Trolley Stop, which was closer to our hotel, but left when the owner wouldn't even acknowledge our request to turn on the air conditioner.
We enjoyed our breakfast here, much more than at the Trolley Stop (we ate there earlier in the week) and not just because of the cool air. The food was excellent, especially enjoyed the smoked sausage, biscuits and coffee.
The staff was super nice. If you have to go an extra couple of blocks, bypassing the Trolley Stop to make it to Please U, it's worth the extra steps!I'll keep this short and sweet. The food was great! Hot cakes were the best I have ever had. My eggs were fried perfectly, and I am picky about eggs. My husband had the chicken breakfast and said it was really good. My younger sister who eats like a bird ate nearly all her biscuits and gravy. The service was quick and very friendly. Our waitress was top notch. 
The only turn off was having to use the restroom and seeing the kitchen. It looked like it could use a very deep cleaning. This place would have been one of the top breakfast spots I have ever visited period, if not for seeing that. That's an easy fix though!Can you say greasy. Yikes.  The food was drenched in butter.   Yucky.  I don't like butter with everything.   I f o like to taste the food sometimes.Went early morning for breakfast before my daughter graduated from Loyola. Was pressed for time, but they were super fast and had great coffee.This place was absolutely amazing!  I had the Greek omelet and it was delicious, generously sized, and very affordable.  Plus, this place is only a few blocks from the hostel I normally stay at in New Orleans.  So glad I found it this last time there.We had breakfast here. I had an omelette and asked for cheese on it.  They added some kind of sliced, processed cheese, not real cheese.  The omelette was ok, but I couldn't eat the potatoes. They just tasted funky.  The waitress forgot my toast, and when I reminded her several minutes later, she brought me the cold, hard toast that was originally toasted.  My husband's pancakes were a little over cooked.  The waitress was friendly but slow.  We won't go back.I don't know why this place gets so high marks. Or why people say that they love going there. 
Imagine a run down old cafe where people clearly used to smoke but don't anymore. And this is what you will find at Please-U.
My husband was convinced that this place was going to be great becuase of the reviews, so we went in so he could get the oyster omelet. I ordered the red beans and rice.
When the omelet came, it was clear to us that they had used canned oysters.. the water/juice of the canned oysters was running down the sides of the over done eggs. So disgusting. The red beans and rice were okay. 
I was served a salad before my red beans and rice. The iceberg lettuce was yellow, wilted and looked old. It is not something I would ever consider serving/eating, but I am from California, so maybe that's why I am being snotty about the lettuce? Either way, the food was not good at all.. 
The waitresses was nice. She tired really hard to make small talk and was attentive. So this is the only reason that this place is even getting a star. We tried to eat what we could and hurried out of there. 
We will never be returning to this place again. And recommend you do not go here.A real authentic mom and pop diner that serves up some of the tastiest food on the avenue.  I have been working a few blocks away for several weeks and had walked by this joint many times and finally got brave enough to check it out for lunch.  I sat at the quaint 1940's era counter and was greeted by the son of the owners.  Adam was very welcoming and charming.  I expressed interest in the Roast Beef Poboy and he told me that they Roast their own Beef and it is excellent.  I ordered one and it was amazing!  Huge portion too.  Try Please U....it sure pleased me!Sausage egg and cheese biscuits are the platonic ideal of sausage egg and cheese biscuits. In a neighborhood with ample tourist traps, Please U lives up to their billing.Cheap and delicious! Chicken and waffles and the poboys are amazing.GREAT hole in the wall. This is where the locals come and its for a good reason! Priced fair and the flavor and portions are very pleasing. The type of comfort food your family makes served to you while in the NOLA. I was in NO for just a few days but started my mornings and lunches here. Avoid the advice from your hotel to try other places and stop by here!Awesome hot brunch food which can be customized easily to meet you taste. But more than the food, the best part was their service! I could just go back there for that.
Shrimp Omelet is a must have!I love the unpretentiousness of this place. Clean, fast friendly service and good southern food. Great biscuits and grits, all the things in the menu that you need. We had breakfast and dinner there and they were both great. 
Their seafood is fresh everyday. Blackened catfish and potato salad deserves 5 stars. My cutie had pasta with shrimp which was also amazing. Loads of shrimp!!!! Price does not break the bank. Staff very friendly and attentive.I am appalled by this place, I can't believe people are giving this dump great reviews or even going back. Just use the bathroom, which is located in the back of the kitchen before you order and you can decide whether you still want to be "Pleased". The health department really needs to pay this place a visit. My hair and clothes carried the stench from that place all day! I'm not sure where the photos came from on this place, but the food that I ate looked nothing like them, not even close!Great, classic diner. They do a hearty breakfast at a fair price, and the servers are charming too. Glad I decided to stop in.
I ordered the vegetable omelette with added jalapeno, side of hash browns, and toast. Everything was done fine. The omelette was extra spicy, just the way I like it, and the potatoes were well seasoned. Portions were so generous that I boxed some to bring home.
I was never left without water and the check was brought before I was finished. Can't complain.
They also deliver, which is something I'll remember when I relocate to Nola.This place was really fantastic.  I went for breakfast with a date and the waffles were spot on. Most definitely will be back. Closed on Sundays though.The dishes here are all very good taste. We had fried chicken, chicken wings, and beef steak with fried eggs. The portion are all very generous. The waitress was very nice. I love it.  Nice place to visit.Favorite place for breakfast hands down.  Great friendly, fast service. Never am I disappointed.Dank eggs for breakfast. 
Smiles abound, some toothless. 
Bad news. Closed Sundays.
()Ordered the fried seafood platter.  It was definitely fried, that's all I could say about it.  Flavorless, Not a hint of seasoning or salt.  Idk about their other food but do not order any of the seafood or crab cakes if you don't want to be disappointed.I love this little diner. terrific food, good hardy portions and friendly service.  I have been there many times and have never been dissapointed. I am headed there for lunch today.  terrific catfish and potato salad and also great meatballs and spaghetti.   give them a try. you wil definitely return. I have been going there for years an even take my out of town friends there.Holy smokes. Very unassuming place. I walked in and was like *shrug* "I'll give this place a try" and daaaaaaamn the chicken and waffles were really goooood. The coffee was also solid for a diner and service was so friendly. If I lived here I'd come back for breakfast everyday. 
Hot damn that chicken was good.I came back to New Orleans to visit from NYC and made sure to stop at my favorite New Orleans restaurant, twice.  The food was just so tasty and fresh like I always remember to be.  The Oyster stew and shrimp and oyster poboys are to die for!  I will never stop coming here.  An amazing Bangor your buck too!Please walk through the kitchen to the bathroom. Then,decide if you want to eat there. Dirty,filthy,greasy,gross and any other disgusting yucky adjectives you want to use will suffice! Don't bother! Eat yoga mat ingredients at Subway, at least it's clean.Please-U is a hole in the wall place with a classic diner feel to it and a small, but very quick and friendly staff.  It is another go-to breakfast spot on St. Charles right off of the street car line.
I normally have a varied pallet, but the first time I went in the Greek Omelet caught my eye and it has been my number one choice ever since.  It is an interesting, but delicious mix of classic American breakfast food (hash browns or grits and biscuits and eggs) with shaved lamb, feta cheese, sauteed onions and tomatoes.  It will fill you up and take it easy on the wallet.Great local family run spot on the avenue. You'll find a good variety of meal options for breakfast, lunch & and  dinner. They make a great homemade chili and you will almost always find some local color to entertain you. Always nice to grab a stool at the counter and chat with Adam(the grandson) while you wait on your food.I have been here three times in the past year, during my travels.  The Greek omelette is the best.  The meat, feta, tomatoes and spices are great, and so are the potatoes.  The last time I was here I had the oyster omelette.  That was another great eat.  However, the Greek omelette rules...I've been eating here every other day over my ten day visit to New Orleans and have tried all the different dishes I was curious about.  I'm happy to say that I have been pleaseantly "pleased" every time.  Nothing I've had here has been less than delicious.  This is a must stop local got spot for anyone visiting New Orleans.This is one of the best diners! Great food and service.  The staff is incredibly friendly and the food was great.I order from Please U , a few times during the week. I have always been satisfied with the food and the price.  Their sandwiches, soups, Red Bean and Hamburger steaks are usually a favorite. Their breakfast is Delish as well. Adam and Darrell are always prompted with your order. Please U Restaurant is one of those rare jewels. Next time you are on St. Charles Ave . Try Please U Restaurant, I am positive you want be did appointed.Well I'm sure it's all been said, this is just a great old time place, I'm pretty sure the floor, seats, ceiling, bar and all the rest are original - and by that I mean, very dang old. 
But the food is great, reasonably priced  - it's more of a locals place after all. We had eggs, biscuits n gravy, chicken fried steak and left full and happy. Sweet server too, just friendly and nice. Food came hot and quickly as well.
It's just a fun change of place, delicious big servings and about as authentic as authentic gets.Quietly one of the best cheap breakfast places in the city. Reminds me a lot if the Greek diners I grew up with in the Northeast. Also, LAMB OMELETS!The Greek omelete and biscuits and gravy are awesome!This is the best shrimp Po Boy I have ever had in my life. Huge Po Boy's with shrimp over flowing. Staff is friendly.Great little diner for breakfast, even let us go buy a bloody mary across the street and bring it in. Great service and great food!Please U has delicious , fresh food
We ordered the grilled shrimp salad , Reuben sandwich and the grilled catfish .  The grilled shrimp is so flavorful .   The Reuben had the perfect amount of sauerkraut .   Really enjoyed the cat fish -super moist!   Please U pleased Us!Another Blast From The Past. This experience isn't for those who want a contemporary atmosphere. It looks like it hasn't changed since the 1960's, which makes it a rare gem in my book.
Breakfast was decent, and the waitresses work hard to make customers happy.Great local spot. Great selection, daily specials, Large portions, Quality coffee, well seasoned dishes, and friendly service. It's the Low key and unassuming kind of good that doesn't need to shout about it.Wanted something that wasn't on the menu and they still made it for me. Great way to start our vacation. Definitely will be back food was great!I love Please-U for so many reasons ! The traditional southern breakfast plates are so filling and fulfilling, they definitely help me get a good start to my day..Especially with the help of the French Market coffee that they constantly have filled for (free!) refills. 
I also love that I can customize my meal, especially if I am in the mood for something healthy, and there is never any hesitancy in the waitstaff or cooks to accommodate my order! My favorite go-to meals and specials: the grilled catfish plate, spaghetti & meatballs, red beans and rice, and the grilled shrimp salad. 
I highly recommend Please-U-Restaurant, especially if you are looking for authentic people and food! This restaurant definitely owns the best home-style Louisiana cooking that you can find in New Orleans, and all for a good price.Just reading these reviews has my taste buds screaming for more!  This place is totally legit! They will fill that hole in your stomach with all sorts of goodness!  We had the chicken and waffles and something we took a chance on, a burger patty with mashed potatoes and gravy.  You have to understand that this was the second morning into our first new orleans experience, two 4am+ party nights and forcing ourselves to make the touristy spots during the day.  This, along with the overly lack of vegetables in this town, left the length of our digestion tracts feeling like they were sandblasted and left out in the sun.  It does help to ask the locals where to eat cause we probably wouldn't have gone here otherwise, but if you find yourself along St. Charles trolley line and need a miracle life injection, come here! 
First, the staff provides the ambiance, they are all of your favorite things about the people of this city all working in one place.  They are fast and are good at what they do.  The Chicken strips and Waffle, was the real deal! This is what all should strive for when creating this dish, the chicken was moist and the breading was crispy yet flaky, with a hint of pepper and spice.  The Waffle, no joke, took up the whole plate and was made fresh!  Not going to ding them on the syrup (so so), I'm more picky than others, but it did not detract from me eating the entire plate.  
The Hamburger patty and mashed potatoes, seemed in theory that it would have been a bad choice but necessary for my wife's ailing stomach.  We are so glad we took a chance on this one, it wasn't a dried up patty with breakfast gravy over mashed potatoes, it was a recipe original with what can best be described as half meatloaf, half juiciest well done burger I have ever tasted, I really don't see how they got that much meat, peppers, and I assume minced unicorn and fairy meat, cooked that well, with that color, and texture, and absolutely no burning or grease puddles underneath, a huge thumbs up to their experienced chefs!  Then next to that, was very tasty heaping pile of mashed potatoes, not too creamy, not too thick or chunky, perfect!  And smothering these two was a dark brown gravy that I kept dipping my chicken strips into, this was the bomb, not sure what it was or what was in it, didn't care, it was so good.  Kind of a mix between a thick au jus and salisbury steak gravy, without being too salty.  
All in all I wished we had eaten here every morning, all the other patrons had amazing looking dishes.  We were all over that town through the week and kicked ourselves every time we were disappointed with another breakfast joint we went for not coming back here.  Plus they do deliver!  So give them a try, do your stomach a service and leave the restaurant experiments for lunch and dinner, knowing that you can get some real food in the morning.A old time luncheonette. A place where the locals go. We came here for breakfast on our last day in New Orleans. Great coffee, delicious eggs and ham with 2 hotcakes. Service was friendly and quick. They do lunch too.
We will be back when in Nola.Great family diner vibes and yummy food! 
Last day in New Orleans and we needed to cure the hangover. 
Catfish Po boy with all the fixings and a side of tarter sauce was amazing. Fresh yummy bread, and tasty fried catfish. 
Our server was super sweet and smiley and the manager hooked us up with a taster of their shrimp and corn soup of the day which was super good.While food was great, and the prices are reasonable, getting the staff to come over because they mismatched our order was difficult since the waitress wasnt eager to check on us, or even look at our direction.Please U restaurant is a restaurant that defines the true meaning of good service, and good food. First let's start with the servers Melisa and Candas. Both of them are very attentive, and go out of their way to make sure that your experience at Please U is a unforgettable one!  Second the food is delicious. Everything is cooked to perfection! The thousand Island dressing is very good, and the best i have ever had! Adam one of the owners is wonderful as well. You can tell that he cares about the business and he cares about each customer that walks in his restaurant. The prices are reasonable. So if you are in the area go check out The Please U, and you will not be disappointed! :)I had the worst omlet of my life. Somehow the eggs were both overcooked and runny. The hashbrowns were soggy. The biscuits were mediocre. The coffee was actually okay.Made from scratch, huge portions, and small prices. This place comes highly recommended and for good reason!!OMG I love this place.  Been here for breakfast three of the five days I've been here and they were closed on Sunday so really 3 of 4.  
The food is great diner food.  With a cook that knows how to cook scrambled eggs that are light and fluffy.  Not an everyday find at a diner.  Their bacon is cooked just right, with the right thickness and flavor.  Everything is top notch for food.  
And then you get to the servers.  More of the same.  Friendly, helpful and appreciative.   This morning she even remembered what I had ordered for the first time two days ago.  I love that attention to service.  
When you are looking for breakfast in the Garden District of New Orleans, this is the place to go.I LOVE Please U! I live just a few blocks away. I walk over about 3 times a week. I typically order the same thing: 2 eggs (with cheese), 2 bacon strips, 2 pancakes. I've had their wings on occasion too. So good! Great, friendly staff. Very affordable menu.The food was....ok. It was hot and fresh but not well seasoned. I ordered catfish and grits. In New Orleans if you order catfish and then have to reach for the salt and pepper shakers, something has gone terribly wrong. Grits were good. Biscuits were....just order the toast. Also not sure if this is normal but took FOREVER for the just ok food to arrive.This was our first meal in New Orleans. Everyone was so friendly and the food was so great. My husband and I both had chicken and waffles and it was the best decision we'd made all day. You could tell there's some scratch cooking going on there even though the menu is pretty big. We're probably going to be there at least two more times before our trip here is over.I just finished a wet dressed Roast Beef Po' Boy sandwich and it was magnificent. 
Yes the place in the inside is a throwback to the 50's, but the food is totally on point. 
I now know why the people of New Orleans make such a big deal about these Po' Boy sandwiches....because they are a great deal.Solid inexpensive breakfast.  Went here based on the reviews and was not disappointed. The bacon was thick, flavorful and crispy. I hate thin limp bacon. I loved this bacon. I had to beat my son to get him to stop eating my bacon.  Pancakes were above-average: didn't blow me away, but yummy nevertheless. Wife had a Greek omelette which was creative - lots of feta, onions, olives, artichokes but surprise: gyro meat. First time on that front but really good. The biscuits were clearly homemade and very good. Solid crumbly and hot. Table needs sorghum and honey - one small disappointment.  Biscuits and sausage gravy was ok but a little thinner than I like. Coffee is not gourmet but tasty and dark. I'll be back despite the place's stupid name.My most favorite neighborhood diner by far... food is consistently delicious, though service can very depending how crowded it is. The staff are super friendly and it's owned by this really nice Greek family who are very involved and put their hearts and soul into their restaurant. Breakfast is always a hit, their sausage links are the best breakfast side as well as having great coffee. They have a family recipe for the most delicious Greek dressing. I like to get their chicken pita sandwich for lunch and substitute the sauce for their Greek dressing, trust me you won't be disappointed.Normally, I would go to The Camelia Grille or Trolley Stop but stopped here instead. Love the breakfast which was a great value. Also, the conversation with my waitress and the owner was great too. I will stop anytime I am in town from now on.  Wish I knew beforehand about this place.While he may be French, Philippe's familiarity with New Orleans style food is pretty limited. Not as ironic as one may think. Anyways, on the way out of town today, he stopped for a ham and egg po' boy at this local haunt. Dressed of course. Like he knew what that meant before looking it up...This place is no frills. Great service. Great Wall art. Private gaming booths. Everything you need to cleanse yourself of pretension. Not to belabor a pretty average sandwich, but if you ever find the man who ordered six over medium eggs to himself, send Philippe a PM.Ate here for breakfast and it's your quintessential neighborhood diner. Service was friendly and attentive. The breakfast was good. I thought the gravy was a little lacking. Would definitely go back to try their lunch menu.Portions were standard for a diner style restaurant. They served the locals while we waited for our order, they didn't tell us the baked potato would take a little more time and kept my fish warm while they cooked it which caused my fish to be over cooked. My companions were served before me and needed to wait for my dinner as a courtesy.In town for a convention.  One of our group found this place on on the first morning of the four days of our trip and told us about the breakfast and the service.  The next day, six of our group went in for breakfast.  The food and service were beyond our expectations, so we went back the next morning.  Our waitress not only remembered what we had the previous day, but our names as well.  If you like good, plentiful down-home food, you will enjoy this place.
Don't expect much on the atmosphere, as this place is as original as the day it opened several decades ago.  
We are going back one more time this morning, the third time in three days. The Please-U truly lives up to its name.Read the reviews and decided to have breakfast here and they didn't disappoint.  The home fries were great, omelettes came out piping hot and delicious.  Waitress wasn't very chatty but she was the only one taking care of the whole place but she never let or glasses get more then half empty. If you're in the area looking for breakfast definitely stop in.My hotel was near this place so I hadn't planned on eating here. I got the gumbo and the muffuletta. They were both delicious. Nice people there. It is a greasy spoon type place. I would go again. If I lived here I would frequent this place.This place is so good, especially for the prices - been here a very long time, apparently, and run by a Greek couple. Great experience. 
Their Greek-Italian vinaigrette dressing was a great start on our salad. For such a simple side salad, the dressing made it memorable. 
Next we had the Jambalaya, which was good. I usually don't eat much rice, but I enjoyed it. 
We also had the Oyster Poor Boy, the Veal Parmigiana Poor Boy, and the Shrimp Poor Boy: all very good. Loaded. They didn't skip on ingredients. 
Our server, Candice, was perhaps the best part of the experience. She took such good care of us. 
We'd come back. No question.Food was good. Service was quick. Biscuits were YUMMY!  Flaky and soft. Decaf coffee is instant, for those who mind.Don't judge a book by it's cover. If you're looking for what the "locals" would eat, come here. 
Walking in you can tell it has it's history. Memorabilia of past New Orleans' festivals, mardi gras and Saints this place has been around for a while. 
With that diner feel the menu is extensive and inexpensive. 
It had been 24 years since last in New Orleans i was dying for that po-boy taste and after two days of searching I had it. The muffuleta had it's savory meats and veggies one can expect from a fancy po-boy but wow did that taste bring back memories. 
The service was great and the delivery orders from what i heard kept coming as we dined. Unfortunately I lost the photos so I couldn't upload but rest assured this is one place that isn't a tourist trap. 
5 stars!Please-U Restaurant Review. "Since 1946." Doesn't that tell you all you need to know about the Please-U Restaurant, on St. Charles Avenue close into downtown?  Open from 6A - 6PM, this old-timey diner serves all the American favorites as well as traditional New Orleans sandwiches and hot plate meals.
I wandered in early a couple of days last week, first for a customized breakfast po-boy with egg, cheese, bacon, ham, sausage, mayo, butter, lettuce and tomato, and another day for a muffaletta (they make their own olive salad!) after a muff disappointment the previous day somewhere else.
First time I got take-out, order was prepared fresh, hot, to my specs.  Second time it was a bifurcated experience, half in, half out, after a couple of eye-opening crack-o-dawn coffees.
But both were excellent, and I'm a sandwich kind of guy.  Bread was fresh, innards were ample, including the meats and cheeses. The server lady was right to crow about the house-made olive salad, it was excellent, and trust me, there are some bad versions in the city,  like long on cauliflower and short on olives!  Hey, it's not called "cauliflower and carrot salad" is it?We came to the restaurant do to the high reviews however the food by far was  not the best. The food was cold, burnt and tasted bland. When we asked to warm up the food  the woman proceeded to put it in the microwave for 30 seconds and still it was only warm..  If I wanted food like this I would have went to Denny or IHOP even they food is way better . We came all the way from Cali to NOLA!!! For this . I will not be coming here again. Better service better food better every thingLets talk about breakfast that's served past 10am. Well this place serves breakfast all day! If your a late bird in waking up or simply take forever to get ready, I would advice you to check this place out. The place is in a good area for tourists to easily find it and it has a well priced menu.
The customer service was pretty great, I just forgot the waiter who assisted us. Due to the heat I do not recommend getting any hot beverages, try their lemonade it is good. 
Now onto the plates that we decide to get. The hubby decided to get the Please U Omelette and I got the waffle with scrambled eggs and bacon. The food was average, a typical dish that you can dish anywhere that offers breakfast. There is no flavor that distinguishes them. 
Great place to sit and eat for a while. But I would recommend for the place to be updated a little, the style it has is a bit in the 90s.This is absolutely my new favorite spot for anything and everything I'm craving for a hearty and delicious lunch.   It has a wonderful atmosphere, with a diner counter and a dining room area-which makes it great for a quick pre-work breakfast or a longer lunch and dinner with friends.  
My server was a delight, super attentive and efficient and the entire staff was incredibly welcoming.  I highly recommend the lunch specials, but the menu is extensive enough that you can find a meal to match any craving.  
The food was very satisfying and arrived in unexpectedly generous portions.  The short ribs and vegetables had flavors that were developed with care and tasted more like an all day Sunday roast than the quick service dishes I would have expected from a diner setting.  
I will definitely be dropping in to make my way through the rest of the menu.  All in all a fantastic experience not to be missed!This food is dabomb.com. The youngest hasn't eaten much since they got here. She ate all my shrimp platter. The ladies I was with said the gumbo was delicious - the other feels like a tick- aka stuffed. The red beans were a meaty surprise. The chicken gyro is amazing. I'm impressed. The service was great. Will be back if I'm ever in NOLA againPros
Excellent food
Exemplary service; friendly staff
Great prices
Calming atmosphere
Cons
None Experienced
I visited this fine, down-home establishment on the high recommendations of a good friend and was greatly enriched by the experience. First, I was immediately struck with a calming, nostalgic feeling upon walking in. It felt like I was visiting a hometown restaurant in which I had not been in years. After beginning the evening with delicious sweet tea, I then enjoyed a simple garden salad with the most delicious, creamy, home-made Thousand Island dressing that I've ever had. I won't forget the taste of that dressing for a long time. Then, I was treated to some plump, flavorful potato skins containing very well-prepared bacon. Frankly, I don't know if the restaurant normally serves this appetizer as the item isn't listed on the menu, but the kitchen staff may prepare them if you ask. But, I enjoyed them thoroughly then moved to tasting their delicious dinner plate of the day: baked lasagna. Though I was told that it was made with fresh ingredients, I was not ready for the scrumptious experience of this grub. Every bite was filled with great flavor, and I could easily determine that the noodles, meats, and cheeses were quite fresh. Further, not only was the lasagna great, I was served quite a healthy portion to boot. Then, I wrapped up my time there with a nice serving of lemon icebox pie, which was quite good as well. The crust of this pie simply melted in my mouth!
In addition to the delectable eats, I was also impressed by the friendly table server and friendly restaurant staff. The server seemed genuinely friendly and enjoyed helping us. Further, she was alert to our drink needs and took our orders correctly. Adam, one of the owners, was also quite amicable and I enjoyed talking with him. I hope you'll give this hidden gem of a restaurant a try as I think you'll be quite pleased with your experience.BREAKFAST REVIEW: Eh, ordered eggs and ham, which came with hashbrowns and toast. My eggs were super runny, which is why I always order "over-easy" to avoid just that. The hashbrowns are not traditional - they are mushed potatoes. Nothing wrong with that, just thought it would be an FYI fact. They were pretty good. The ham was very greasy, but tasty once I dabbed it with my napkin. Chocolate milk yummy as always. 
I'll be back if I have no where else to go, but I wouldn't recommend it.Enjoyed this place, like going back in time. Very friendly staff and food was very good. Had a shrimp PoBoy and was very pleased, huge 11" sandwich, be sure and order it dressed. Also the omelette were very tasty too.Eggs undercooked, didn't complete order, never checked on us.  The waitress was completely stressed out and made it apparent.  We will not be coming here again.Terrible service waited 15 mins before a server even came over to take our drink order. Then additional 10 mins just to get our drinks. The place was not busy either.Found this restaurant while riding the trolley through New Orleans, and fell in love instantly!
My husband, a NOLA native, had returned after leaving there as a child. He had fond memories of the foods he got to enjoy while growing up there as a child in gradeschool, and was eager to come refresh his palate.
Much to his disappointment, the foods we had tasted to so far on this short trip, did not quite meet his expectations.
However, we were fortunate enough to encounter this tiny little diner, looking to possibly get an authentic meal. While he did not see his beloved original po'boy, we settled on a muffaletta, a meal he did not quite remember at all, but POOF, one bite and it all came flooding back in! The sandwich was stacked with flavors that he remembered as a child!
Thank you to all at Please-U for absolutely leaving my husband with a pleasant satisfaction!!Incredible food! Great prices! Fabulous service! 
Need I say more? Seriously though,, this is a must go when in New Orleans.Super friendly and reasonably priced. A great spot to linger for awhile. Chicken waffles were fantastic and the best I have had. Coffee is kind of lame for New Orleans. But I'll be back the next time I am in New Orleans.Food and service was good and affordable. Though the place was small, they were able to accommodate our party of 8 (3 adults and 5 kids). If you are looking to find food on a budget in NO, I would definitely recommend this place.  Oh and the pancakes were so good!This was my first visit. The food was great! I had the Greek omelet, and highly recommend it. Will definitely return!Wow! An old fashioned diner with tasty food, at old fashioned prices.
We ordered our food and then the waitress was like "it comes with two sides " so then we added two additional sides. 
I have had bad experiences elsewhere with fried fish in the past, but this was flaky and moist and not greasy. 
It was so much food I couldn't finish it, which is rare for me. 
Their mashed potatoes seem to have been powdered,and the green beans potentially canned, but this might also be "Southern style" and I could be mistaken.
They were tasty regardless.
Also, the potato salad was made with egg and a lot of mustard which is not to my liking, but the value for price was off the charts!We are try to find different  breakfast  spots so we did a Google search and came upon this one. I've  passed this place a thousand times via car but never thought  to go in. The menu is extensive. Breakfast all day and lunch or early  dinner the rest of the say. I believe  they close at 6:00. I really enjoyed the food. Everything  was just basic. Nothing fancy, but tasty. We did have to add salt to the grits, but that is par for most restaurants.  In the picture I had cut my french toast, so it did look better than that. My wife was not too impressed, but I'll  be back. If you drink decaf, it's instant...I just bit the bullet and ordered regular which was delicious. Also if the door to the restaurant  is open, be prepared for the smoke from the people who step out for the cigarette...it comes in very strong.  Everyone who worked there was very warm and friendly. This place is worth checking out.What to do when there is a tropical storm out? Head to breakfast of course! That's just what my weekend breakfast trick and I did...whilst Lee was trying to unleash his fury on us.
No frills, diner motif, tv blaring hurricane updates, owner talking loudly in Greek (?) on the phone for the duration of our stay, plus good food. Plentiful and cheap! I ordered two breakfast plates (was planning on taking half home for lunch)...
First the pancakes and sausage was just like Mom used to cook. Really big and tasty pancakes...but my favorite was the Greek omelet....OMG this is fabulous! Stuffed full  of feta and gyro meat...highly recommended!
Service was friendly and pretty good. I'll be back...!Affordable basic breakfast food. You want scrambled eggs and bacon? This place knows how to do that. Simple and awesome. No B.S with these guys.Absolutely loved this experience. No frills place, super casual as you will feel like you went back in time when things used to cost a nickel! The service was excellent & food was just delicious comfort food made with love!I used to live across the street.  No really, I did.  Miz Elena and her husband have always been there.  This xmas, we got to meet little Elena (she helped on the cash register) - so I suspect Please-U will be around for at least another generation.
I order one thing: shrimp po'boy dressed.  If I'm feeling fancy, I'll get a side order of onion rings or French fries.  I order this at 7 AM.  I order this every time I'm in town.  Every time.  For 20+ years, I've ordered shrimp po'boys from Please-U (there is ONE TIME someone in the back didn't want to make me a shrimp po'boy at 7 AM.  I don't think they work there anymore).  When I lived in Mid-City, KJeans was the only other place I would get shrimp from - they are closed now.
My sister, she likes the chicken fried steak for breakfast with eggs - gravy on the side.  The man, he got a cheese omelette the other day (it had cheese slices!) with hashbrowns/homefries.  Big Ken ordered a half sandwich and soup (split pea) - he seemed to like the soup as well as the shrimp sandwich.  Bebe got one egg over easy and grits.  They have a great menu.
Shrimp po'boy dressed.
This isn't a tourist place.  It's a New Orleans place.