Always love my food and it is always extremely fresh. Only downside is the price. It's a little pricey for my budget, but you do get very high quality for the price.. I will continue to visit, but wish they had a student discount!King Loa Bowl was pretty filling. it was pretty mild, but i expected more flavor... imagine eating a bowl of sushi.
might try it again but add more spicy mayo for kick.
i noticed the staff was also very friendly and welcome to answer all questions and make good recommendations based on your taste.
the seating arrangement kinda sucks, unless you go up the stairs to the upper seating area.Coming from California, I know good Poke. This is good poke. So many options, and the fish is fresh compared to many of the sushi joints here. Really liked the flavors of sauces and toppings. Will return!Man oh man.  My poke dreams have come true, but this place is a good 7 hour drive from my house.  My sister lives in NO, so during our visit last weekend, she suggested we get poke bowls.  Spicy tuna and every possible yummy topping.  Seaweed and crab salad, mango, furikake, the list goes on and on.  Your taste buds will thank you for stopping here during your visit to New Orleans.  Promise.Today was my second time going for lunch. I couldn't finish the whole small bowl so took the rest home and just had it. It was so delicious even leftover. I'm already craving it againThis place is normally fine. It's nice to have a fresh alternative. However, tonight I went in around 8:30. They were out of rice. Brown rice and white rice. They explained that they were not making more because they close in a half hour. Um what? Rice is an integral component of the only item they sell. Considering they charge $16 a bowl and are ostensibly still open I feel like they could make a little rice. Seems really dumb from a business perspective-- I left and they lost my $16, and the ability to use up whatever other fresh ingredients needed to be used today... which I'm sure will cost more than making some rice
UPDATE: In response to this post the owners posted that they were addressing it. I went back a few nights later at 8:30 and the service was excellent. Adding it back to my rotation. Fresh food, quick, and a great addition to the neighborhood. Thanks, y'all, for addressing the issues. XFirst visit to Poke Loa over the weekend. Had the signature bowl King Loa. It was delicious and I really enjoyed it. I did not leave hungy, the portion was very generous. I will definitely return.3/5 fine
The bummer is the inconsistency - what you pay is the same but what you get can vary. I don't know if there's a "sweet spot" time, but I've now ordered the same bowl a few times and have received different results - the fish is OK, but the variance in portioning and the range of available toppings lead to some disappointment.Ever since I vacationed in Hawaii, I have been dying to get some more poké. So I had high expectations for this place, especially based on their Instagram account that showed delicious-looking poké bowls. However, I was extremely disappointed to find out that 1 scoop of fish is equal to about a bite and a half. The scoops are embarrassingly tiny for what you're paying! Everything was fresh and good, but it was nothing like traditional Hawaiian poké - where you get a full, satisfying scoop of fish. This place will not stay open long if they can't afford to give customers a decent serving of ahi or salmon for the price they're charging.This was the restaurant of my dreams.  I had a large bowl with salmon and octopus with a mix of brown rice and salad greens.  The toppings were great as were the sauces.  I disagree with the folks who have been complaining that the scoops of fish were skimpy and the price too large.  I found that there was tons of fish and extras at about same cost of most specialty rolls at a sushi restaurant.  My only complaint was that the rice was warm and seemed to be unseasoned.  I can't wait to go back though!Tried Poke Loa for the first time today and THANK THE HEAVENS FOR HEALTHY FOOD IN NOLA. Seriously you guys...it is so hard to find. I've been craving this for so long and it definitely hit the spot! The place is super cute and the employees are friendly and welcoming. The first guy broke it all down for me explaining their special bowls or you can create your own - so I did. It's got a Subway/Chipotle set up so you go down the line and pick all your ingredients which I enjoy :) They also have tons of seating! In front, out back, inside, upstairs!
The bowls cost $11.50 for 2 scoops and $13.50 for 3 scoops. This is where my only gripe with this place comes in - tofu costs the same as all of the other options. No way tofu is comparable to tuna or octopus. Don't get me wrong, I am so happy to have the option but this is definitely a constant problem as a veg person. Regardless the bowl was so so yummy and I felt my spirit renewed after the indulgence that was Mardi Gras. Looking forward to many more bowls in my future! Thank you for bringing more healthy veg options to New Orleans!!My husband and I love this place! We love that this keeps us on our meal plan and tastes amazing! Even with a long line this location gets you through pretty quickly!Love this place!!! You get a lot of food for what you pay for. Will definitely be coming again every time I am in New Orleans!Fresh seafood and salad ingredients FAST!  Love this place.  Glad they have one down in the CBD now!  Eat great food fast without the fast food feeling or hangover!So delicious, I even had it twice in one day! Both times I had a two protein scoops and had spicy tuna + salmon. I added in lots of toppings like ponzu, jalapenos, sriracha aioli, onions, edamame and more, all served Chipotle style where you can add more to really pile up your bowl. This made for a large enough serving size and check was $13 and change, which is a tad higher for a quick lunch than I would go for every day, but reasonable for the quality ingredients and great flavors. I will for sure come back here for lunch (and dinner) in the future!A great place for lunch or to go orders. 
When Jamba Juice closed down and was replaced my heart ached because I like them better than smoothie king. 
When I tried Poke Loa I fell in love. I love taking out and eating the poke bowl at work. It is one of the few things that my wife and I can agree to for lunch or dinner.Every time I come here I leave thinking I should come back more often.  It's a healthy and filling meal for under $15.  Having eaten poke with my family in Hawaii, I have pretty high expectations.  Although it obviously wasn't as good as the poke in Oahu, it still was deliciously satisfying.  The restaurant style reminds me more of SoCal but it really seems like a place to eat something fresh and tasty when you walk in.
How it works: You order a regular (2 scoops of fish) or large (3 scoops) bowl with brown or white rice, mezclun lettuce, or both, and then choose your choice of raw protein, ranging from tuna, salmon, spicy tuna, octopus, shrimp, and whatever else is fresh at the time.  You move on to pick meat flavorings including ponzu sauce, tamari, cilantro, and cucumber.  Then the toppings are added, like seaweed salad (my favorite!  I always get extra), crab salad, avocado ($1 extra), mango, radish, pickled ginger, edamame, and more.  You finish with choice of tobiko (aka fish roe-- I recommend the wasabi), aiolis, and crunchy elements.  So yummy!  It always leaves me wanting more.
In the end, it's a five-star healthy and fast meal that will make you consider working there just to score some free bowls.Love Japanese food so my first try with Hawaiian fair wasn't out of my comfort zone. Had the tuna poke bowl, without modifications. Tuna was VERY tasty. The proportions were just right. The ingredients were very fresh. The lemon infused water was the only drawback. Just wanted water to accompany my bowl. They had a cooler with lukewarm water and it tasted weird. Minor point. Overall definitely going back!The Poke craze has come to NOLA, and I'm trying to eat cleaner so checked this place out. My bowl was tasty and prepared on the spot quite quickly. The only catch is it's a bit pricey since it's raw seafood, so I probably will visit again when I'm splurging for the week and haven't spent a lot elsewhere.Poke Loa is the shortcut to my favorite sushi restaurant menu items.  I always end up ordering the chef special or poke salads but always want a combination of ingredients not included. Now I get it all!! 
My first visit I got the two scoop salmon bowl and added avocado and mango. I'm sold. I'll probably never order regular sushi again. The ingredients were so fresh and so well prepared together. The sauces they tossed the salmon in were perfect and light. Over a bed of wild greens, Perfection. They were fast and friendly and the price is completely on point for the value. My only complaint is that they aren't closer to my house. Love it!First time today. Loved it. I had 1 scoop tuna+2 scoops salmon. Brown rice, seaweed salad, 3 sauces I can't remember, baby cucumbers, edamame, mixed greens, and some amazing crystal hot sauce aioli. It's was freakin' ballin' . A little pricey but what do you expect. Worth it.A yummy and healthy option on Magazine when your body needs a break from all the unhealthy NOLA food and drinks! You can custom order your bowl or get one of their pre-sets. Veggie bowl was delicious and my friend really enjoyed the salmon bowl. I appreciated the sriracha bottles on the side.Fantastic poke, and good value. Staff were very polite and helpful with my father in-law, who's never had a poke bowl before. Spicy tuna + salmon together is a winning combo!Food is good and I appreciate the options for unlimited toppings but I think the fish could be kept/presented in a better way. Overall, especially given it's the only poke place in the city, its worth it if you've got a craving for a poke bowl but I've definitely had better and fresher bowls in other cities. Hope to see it continue to succeed and improve.Poke Loa is the bomb, seriously - the spicy tuna is better than any sushi restaurant in this town. The place is very clean and the staff is helpful and friendly. Try it, you'll love it - healthy, fresh and yummy at a reasonable price, you gotta love it!My favorite place in New Orleans! All the ingredients are so fresh, service is wonderful, and menu is totally customizable. Will be here much more than my wallet would like.Love poke bowls!  The quality is great.  Now they give you tons of fish too!!! Changing my rating to five starsFirst visit tonight after hearing about this place for a few months. There was a lot to like. The food is fresh with a great selection of fresh fish, veggies and sauces for the bowls. The service is friendly and efficient. The place is super clean. It is well lit and comfortable for sitting and enjoying the food. There is indoor and out door seating.  The portions are generous, the regular size is it very filling. I tried the tuna. It was good quality and the ponzu sauce and lemon miso aioli was very flavorful.
The only critique I would offer is there is a need for a child sized bowl. The regular size is too big and too expensive for most younger kids. It would be nice to have options for the whole family at such a great spot with so many fresh choices.First time eating poke. I love tuna sashimi, so I figured this would be to my liking. 
I felt as if the fish chunks were too large to eat with a properly mixed up selection of toppings. The taste was pretty good. The staff was not the most helpful.
The idea is genius, the subway-style format and the healthy options. However, i just couldn't finish a bowl filled with a bunch of raw fish. I don't eat rice, so perhaps that addition would have helped me swallow mounds of raw tuna, sauce, roe, and soy beans.  I'll give it another try in a few months.
Oh and the bathrooms and dining rooms were very clean.My new favorite spot for a quick and healthy bite for lunch.  You get to pick your ingredients for your bowl and everything is great quality, fresh, and delicious dressings.  The location on Magazine Street is bright, clean, and airy.  There is bench seating along the front window for people watching and then tables in the main section, as well as a section in the back.  Service was efficient and friendly.  Looking forward to enjoying more lunches at Poke Loa.Best healthy on the go food spot I've been to so far in this city! Seriously so fresh!First trip to Poke Loa for lunch today, but I anticipate being there very often in the future.  I had the regular salmon (2 scoops) bowl and it was a ton of extremely fresh fish with half brown rice/half spring mix.  Would have preferred a bit less rice, but that's on me for not paying attention to how much they were putting in the bowl.  You can customize your bowl as you go down the line or have it as it comes on the menu.  Would love to see some Gulf seafood make it onto the menu, if even as just a special, maybe a wasabi shrimp?  Still, a  refreshing alternative to all the fried and sauced seafood we eat in NOLA.Went to the new Metairie Road location for lunch.  It was delightful!!  The fish was fresh and so many toppings to choose from.  The counter people were very nice, especially Amanda!!  I will be back.I stopped in to Poke Loa for lunch today and am glad I did.  What a great idea!  It's like City Greens for sushi.  
I went with the tuna bowl with brown rice and wasn't disappointed.  Everything was fresh, and the portion size was pretty hefty.  I wasn't able to finish my bowl, but I promise, I did my best.  The tuna was very fresh and they didn't skimp on any of the ingredients.  The staff was helpful, friendly and quick.  
I plan to make my own creation next time, so that I can try some of their other fresh ingredients.  
My only complaint is that I found the prices a little bit high for a counter service meal.  With a bottle of water, my total was $18.Love poke and have been an avid fan of these "build your own bowls" in NYC for some time, very exited that something like this has made its way to NOLA. My complaint mirrors what others are saying - the portions are just too small and rice makes up 75% of the bowl. There's nothing more painful than watching the server give you a half-filled scoop (a small scoop might I add) of the fish you are paying so much for. Everything else is also given in tiny portions. I read somewhere that a large bowl is equal to two sushi rolls - no way was there that much fish. I've been three times now and every time had to ask for extra, which is embarrassing and unnecessary. For the price they should be heaping the bowl with add-ons, and if not the fish than at least the seaweed salad or ginger...they literally measure out a quarter of an avocado and give you a tiny squirt of sauce, it is sad. All told it is a nice place with good quality food, but regardless of what they are saying you are not getting what you pay for. Please increase portion sizes so I'm not paying $25 for an appetizer-size serving of fish and a bucket full of rice!This place is a great addition to New Orleans food fare and is also one of my personal favorites. Though they offer to quickly marinate the fish my one wish is that it would be overnight marinated the way you would find Hawaiian Poke. Just a suggestion...Finally was able to try it out and I would have to say I love the ambience of the restaurant! The food was good. I had the King Loa and the total was around $15-16. Portions are okay but it's definitely a place to try if you never had poke before! I'll consider going again later in the future.If I lived any closer to Magazine Street, I would eat here every day.  I love sushi and the rice bowls are a great way to have all the ingredients and not spend a lot of money.
The restaurant is clean and well kept, friendly staff, although the acoustics are not great.  I found that not only myself, but several others who went through the line had to have the staff repeat themselves.  There isn't much to absorb the sound, but there is seating in the back that is super nice and quiet so you can have a nice conversation over a yummy bowl :)This is my first ever Yelp review, because this place is awesome! It's such an incredible addition to Magazine Street. It's so refreshing to have such delicious healthy food in such a convenient way. Super excited to become a regular here! Good stuff!Great atmosphere from the moment you walk in- bright white space with the focus on the build your own poke style bar. Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating overlooking Magazine St. Employees are very helpful and can give great advice for how to build your bowl if you have never had poke before. 
As far as the actual poke goes, I was satisfied with my meal but it was not anything amazing. With this spot currently being the only build your own bowl place in New Orleans I have found myself back here a few times. Would recommend to anyone looking to try poke for the first time or anyone looking for a poke fix in New Orleans!The amount of fish that they give you is too little for the price that they charge.  It would be good if they gave you more fish. The scoop sizes are small, and the people scooping the fish do not take the time to make sure that the scoop is even full.
The toppings are good, but they basically sell a bowl full of fillers with very little fish.Loved this place! Great service and they didn't make you feel rushed choosing your toppings...even with a line out the door. I thought it was very reasonably priced too. We will be back!First time having Poke and was not disappointed. This place is set up like an assembly line and you walk through from the base, to the protein, toppings, etc. All fresh and the protein(all fish) is raw. I had salmon and spicy tuna, both of which were really good. This place has great and simple flavors that come together and create a flavor explosion. 
The space is white with colorful accents, clean, and the staff was very helpful and patient. Definitely would come again.Inside looked very clean and colorful. It was sad to say it was extremely over priced for the portion of salmon given. I'm not sure if it was because it's a new restaurant or not, but I feel the person under scooped. The rice was under cooked and was hard.Mmmmm.  Take your sushi & put it in a bowl.  
Seriously, pick what you want as a base, pick your protein(s), pick your toppings & sauces and enjoy!  
I had Poke Loa for the first time with friends at their suggestion & I loved it!  Looking forward to going back.I was super excited when I heard poke finally made it to New Orleans and even went that same day! However I was disappointed. It's overpriced for the amount of poke they give you and the poke isn't great quality. The rice is not authentic and is both undercooked yet slightly mushy. Lastly, the servers skimp on the toppings (a tiny sliver of avocado??). Perhaps it's because the place only just opened and will make the proper adjustments to work out the kinks. But as a poke-lover who's had it in New York, California and even Hawaii (the origin), I will be hard-pressed to return again.Food is fresh and delicious!  Lots of options to dress your poke bowl with.  Staff was very friendly.  Will be back often!Wonderful, healthy fast-food!  You can't go wrong if you love sushi grade tuna!Great poke place. It's not cheap, but the proteins and vegetables are always fresh and the place itself is bright and clean. The only protein I wouldn't recommend is the octopus; it's poached, not grilled, so it's very chewy. I always leave very satisfied and I only get the regular size with spring mix. I'm sure if you get rice or a large size it's even more filling. This is a great spot if you're looking for fast, healthy food!Finally went, at urging of old friends @ Vermilion Parish.
In a word, "disappointing".
As my late Mom would have said "One can't assemble poor quality ingredients and end up with a decent "dish".
I say "Try any of the good Vietnamese places in the same neighborhood." 
RickPoke and sushi are two of my favorite things in the world. If I could eat one thing for the rest of my life it would be raw fish and rice in either form. Poke Loa has naturally, then, been a weekly occurrence for me since its opening. Based on the quality of fish and ingredients offered, this would be 5 stars easily. The inconsistencies in portions, however, keep it at a 4. I am not a big eater but I have to always get a large bowl with extra protein in order to feel full afterwards. The other day I had someone pick me up the same bowl I get all the time, and there was about 4 tablespoons of rice, which was really disappointing. I'll still continue to go, but hope that they work these things out soon.So I tried the spicy tuna and salmon bowl with cilantro, mango, and ponzu sauce with additional toppings. It was quite refreshing.  The spicy tuna is extremely tasty. The atmosphere is fresh and new.  Their menu is very simple but the cuisine is perfect for Nola's hot summer days and a plain salad just won't do.  Overall Poke Loa is good for the cityLove this place!! They give big portions and have many topping options like mango and macadamia that I haven't seen at other poke places. Also I give it props for being the first poke place in Nola! Only bad thing about going here is that it's soooo hard to find parking, but if you live in Nola you're used to that.A Hawaiian-themed build your own bowl place is a zeitgeist-y thing right now. They're popping up all over. I can see some merits, and this one might stick around past the fad stage.
Ostensibly it is a seafood thing, but in its generic fast casual format, it serves vegetarian needs reasonably well, with the option to mix rice and greens for a base and tofu on top. It costs more than other fast casual places tend to, but given the range of choices, size of bowl, and the avocado one employee (wisely) suggested I add, it isn't a bad experience. You can get a fresh and nutritionally diverse bowl.
I would note to them that avocado, normally charged extra here (as in many places) comes free with a veggie bowl, but it wasn't entirely obvious (nor was it clear from their website and online ordering). Might want to clear that up. I was rather baffled by some other things. What the hell is a tobiko? Is it something I want to be eating? No, but I had to look it up on my phone to find out. Is their miso soup vegetarian or fishy? Again, I don't know. I don't ask businesses to cater their menu to me, but you could at least provide me with some clear information on things like this.
All that being said, it was good enough to be worth going back.After many visits, this place seems ok for a quick brunch. Their fish is fresh and price seems reasonable. However, every time when I visit here, they are always out of something. This is okay and not a big deal at first, but after awhile it gets kind of annoying. Can they just check their inventory and make sure they have enough of everything to sell for the whole day? Hoping my next visit, I can get yellowtail, baby cucumbers, and seaweed salad altogether.I have been wanting to get here since it opened.  We finally made it in tonight after a run at Audubon Park.  The veggie bowl was possibly the best salad I have ever eaten in my life.  It felt so nourishing and refreshing.  The textures, the flavors...This is THE best hot weather food.  I can't wait to eat here every day for the rest of my life.  It's going to be a problem.I am not even a huge fan of this type of food.. my wife dragged me here...I was blown away.. so fresh, so flavorful... I actually smile when she asks if we can go back.. definitely recommend this place.. and this is coming from a fat redneck cajun ...The space was minimalistic and clean. The staff was a bit frazzled and became impatient when we were trying to figure out the ordering system, but we went a few days after they opened and during peak dinner hour, so perhaps things have improved. Overall, I thought the fish wasn't very fresh. The tuna was mushy and fishy tasting. The octopus had frozen ice crystals on it. I will say the salmon was good. I really wanted to like this place, but after I realized I was eating all the toppings and not the fish...well that's a problem. The dish also could have used more sauce, but maybe I should have asked for more. Just felt very rushed by staff when ordering and felt like I was inconveniencing them by asking questions.Good quality, good variety, good and quick service. I had the pick your own ingredients and my wife had the salmon bowl. Both were delicious. 
Glad we decided to finally try it. Will definitely go back.My review of Poke Loa on Magazine is...ehh.   I travel to LA for work a lot and go to Sweetfin Poke as much as I can.   I was so happy to see a Poke place pop up here.   Although, it is good to have some healthy options popping up in a city that has few, I just wish it was better.  It's a cheaper quality version for the same price that I pay in LA. The spicy tuna mush is an absolute turnoff, and didn't taste very well.  They could do so much better with this place.  While they don't have competition at the moment, with the popularity of Poke in the past few years in other cities, it won't take long before they do.  Will I go out of my way to find parking for my car and go here.  No!  It's not worth the hassle for something mediocre. Perhaps people unfamiliar with good Poke will think it's fine.Amazing quality of fish. Great prices. Gluten friendly. Super quick. I eat here once a week or more.We enjoy poke loa for nights we cannot bring ourselves to cook.  It's a fast casual option with healthy but filling bites.  I think this is a nice addition to the garden district.
I used to go with the predetermined tuna bowel.  Most of the ingredients except for the tuna were foreign to me.  We have eaten here 5 or 6 times now, so I have upped my game.  I now order a la carte.  I like most things offered, so there are not many landmines you have to step around.  Tuna has always been fresh IMO.  Sometimes, the pieces are not well cut up so the tuna chunks will get stuck together.  Looks like the cut job sometimes doesn't get through the fascia.  And sometimes, raw fish just sticks together.  
Restaurant is clear and the service is friendly.  This has become one of our go-to spots.If you're ever in Nola and you like raw fish then you've got to try this place out. You won't be disappointed. I always order the king loa bowl because it has everything in it and I also get it without rice. They have all of these sauces that go very well with the fish along with the other ingredients that they put in there. The staff there are always friendly and the service is top notch. If you go in there and see a line don't worry because they work pretty fast.I went to Poke Loa a few weeks ago with my cousin. The set up is similar to Chipotle, with the assembly line. Don't go expecting an entire bowl of poke, there are lots of frills and add-ons. You will definitely fill up on the sides, which can include rice and crab meat. The poke itself was well marinated. I had the salmon and the spicy tuna, which seemed fresh. I think they said they purchase their fish from a local warehouse or market. Overall, it's a nice spot for salad with poke as a nice topping!I really like this place. It is fresh with good quality ingredients. I'm not a huge fan of tuna and have only had the salmon bowl. It was really tasty.I've only been to Poke Loa a few times but I definitely need to stop by here more often. The setting is clean and simple.  The people here are so awesome and the poke is always fresh.
I got the regular size bowl and it was so filling that I had to take the rest home. Some people will say it seems pricey; it's about $12-$15 for a bowl. But honestly, I'd pick a $12 bowl over a single sushi roll (which can be around the same price) anyday.
I like to build my own bowl but I'll have to try the preset bowls that they offer one day. This time I got half rice/spring mix, salmon, spicy tuna, sweet onions, baby cucumber, ponzu sauce, edamame, radish, crab salad (not my fave), mango, green onions, orange tobiko (the fish eggs, I like the other 2 flavors too), and then I top it off with all 3 aiolis, and furikake. 
Overall, it was a great combination. I like that I can customize my own bowl so if I just add things I like, not much can go wrong. It really depends on preference. There are a lot of toppings to choose from and the ingredients are pretty basic, but still great. The best part is that the toppings are unlimited!!! 
With my meal, I also got the watermelon cucumber agua fresca. This was perfect to combat the NOLA heat. I'll have to try the other agua fresca flavors some other time. I'll have to come back very soon!Great food and bowl options. Wayyyy too expensive. I've had poke all over the country and their pricing isn't reasonable at all. Overall great ambiance and located continently on the corner of magazine and Louisiana can't miss it!This place is super busy all the time. They have quick service and there ingredients are fresh. They have a limited menu with limited items. It is not hard to choose items from the menu. I tried both the tuna bowl and salmon bowl. Both were good. I would come her again for a quick and fresh lunch.Love this place. This is my second time coming hear in less than a week. Great ambiance and the ingredients are so fresh.Frrrreeesssh! Flavorful, delicious, quick, and repeatable.  After the first bite on my first visit,  I knew I would be coming back for more. 
First off, cleanliness! Funk level: Zero.  A selection of tuna, yellowtail, octopus, not a one fishy odor, again, because its super fresh.
Next, freedom! Get creative and create your own signature bowl, my goal is to keep tweaking my choices for my new go to.
And last but not least, the service.  We walked i. About 20 mins before closing, but were greeted and welcomed without any attitude, and were encouraged to review the menus and ask questions.  Thats the type of staff any owner could be proud of and wish to clone.  
I will definitely be coming back!Pleasantly surprised. The King Loa bowl was packed with fish, which was almost too much to eat for lunch (which is far from a complaint). The "fast casual" concept is easy and efficient, and the ingredients all seemed especially fresh. I'll definitely be back!This place was awesome! It's a sushi bowl/salad version of Chipotle but on a much higher level. Everything is fresh and there are no limits to the toppings that you want. The tuna was perfect and the portion sizes are more than filling. There are many different choices to add to your bowl/salad as well as sauces. If you are looking for a healthy place to eat and are craving fresh sushi but with a cool spin you must try Poke Loa.Oh my goodness! I wasn't prepared for all this deliciousness! We both had the tuna poke bowl and we both got one to go!! Best thing I've eaten in while!I moved to Nola from Los Angeles and am so happy to have found a poke place! Fresh fish and lots of options. Fantastic poke!Seeing as this is the only poke place in town and people might not know better, I can understand why most people seem to like it. But I've eaten at a bunch of poke places in California for the past two years and this place gives you the tiniest, skimpiest portion of fish BY FAR. I paid $14 for about five tiny pieces of each fish and they cover it up by giving you a ton of toppings. Who wants to pay that much for just toppings??? Don't waste your money unless you're desperate, and even then just go get sushi.This place is normally fine. It's nice to have a fresh alternative. However, tonight I went in around 8:30. They were out of rice. Brown rice and white rice. They explained that they were not making more because they close in a half hour. Um what? Rice is an integral component of the only item they sell. Considering they charge $16 a bowl and are ostensibly still open I feel like they could make a little rice. Seems really dumb from a business perspective-- I left and they lost my $16, and the ability to use up whatever other fresh ingredients needed to be used today... which I'm sure will cost more than making some rice. Boooo.Oooh I feel so fancy! I finally got over to Poke Loa for lunch, but unfortunately I forgot my yoga pants at home.
Since Kyoto closed, this town has certainly been missing a good poke bowl and I think that Poke Loa does a good job of filling that void. The process is easy enough: walk in, hop in line and tell them what you want. You can build your own bowl or you can choose a pre-made bowl from their menu. I decided to get the King Loa bowl, because the pictures looked great and it looked like you got a lot of bang for your buck. The King Loa bowl included four scoops of fish (salmon and tuna), three types of roe, rice, lettuce, onions, edamame, and a few other goodies all topped with a yummy sauce. I also got a Big Easy Bucha drink from the case and just like that I had the perfect lunch.
As others have said, the food is super fresh and they are bringing fresh fish out constantly. I loved my bowl and it was SO MUCH food for the money. Seriously, those who complained that it wasn't a lot of food didn't do their research- I even had leftovers. I love that you can mix  the bowl up yourself once it's "built" so that you can combine flavors. There were a lot of people on the day I came, but the staff had the line moving quickly.
I have to mention that the plastic bowls made my heart hurt. All of that plastic is going to be piled into landfills and it will never break down. I was actually glad that I had leftovers so that I could recycle the bowl after. I would love it if they added a recycling bin. It would be as easy as dumping the leftover food out of the bowl and tossing the bowl into the bin- something worth thinking about. NOTE: The owner just contacted me and informed me that the bowls are eco friendly and biodegradable! This makes me so happy!
All in all I loved it here and I would return in a heartbeat. This is a great little lunch spot and a great addition to the area.Poke Bowls are a delicious, filling, and healthy food. It's like sushi in a bowl, but 1000 times better. The Poke Bowls here were just as delicious as the ones I eat at my favorite restaurant back home. It's totally customizable too, so you don't have to eat anything you don't want to. So good that I may come back again before flying home! The free lemon cucumber water is a nice bonus.Fun new spot with a real positive vibe. The food is good but you're paying a lot for a small scoop and a ton of rice. Not sure how price point will work out with everything but its good and definitely worth checking out.This is the perfect spot to combat the Louisiana heat! Instead of all of the burger, hot dog, or mexican restaurants, Poke Loa is exactly what you need for a nice, refreshing lunch on Magazine St. 
All I have to say is PORTION SIZE! I could barely finish my regular bowl. I did the DIY bowl with rice/ mixed greens combo, tuna, cucumber (woah, good), cilantro, mango, jalapenos, and tobiko w/ chili sauce and whatever sauce the guy recommended. Oh and some crunchies because why not. My tuna was unbelievably fresh as were the greens, and all of the marinades/sauces gave the bowl wonderful flavor. (Don't be afraid to throw some extra heat on there, it is Louisiana after all!) All I could think about is how a typical guilty take out lunch in New Orleans makes you feel lethargic for the remainder of the day, but this was just enough to leave you feeling full yet refreshed to continue your day without craving a nap. Kind of like a sushi lunch but with more fish and less price...
I'm so pumped New Orleans finally has a place like this, and I will definitely be returning.Yum yum yum! Quick, easy, fresh, and yummy! And reasonably priced/great portion! Ordered the regular size salmon bowl over spring mix. Love!First of all...the restaurant is immaculate! It's super clean and everything is very fresh. I am a snob when it comes to fresh food and cleanliness. This place does not disappoint! You have to park on the street but it's not really a hard area to park in. As far as the food, delicious, fresh, and FAST. I put 30min on the meter and I still had 26min left when I got to my car. No lie. It was like healthy Chipotle but much faster. I don't understand what people are complaining about when it comes to the portions. I could not begin to finish all of my bowl (and I tried because it was delicious). The only thing I would say is that Poke Loa should marinate the protein longer. However, I can understand why that it not possible given that the patron selects their marinade and the fish is so fresh. I'll definitely be back.At long last, a poke place here in NOLA. I've been excited about trying it out for quite a while and finally got to have some earlier today, so this is a fresh review. 
I decided to get the King Loa bowl. Traditionally comes with two scoops of tuna, two scoops of salmon, and a plethora of other toppings for, I believe, $15 or so dollars (there's a menu online). Not too bad. I asked to substitute one of the tuna scoops for something else, and there was no problem there and no additional charge. Considering you get four scoops of protein for only fifteen bucks, it's really not a bad deal. Hate to break it to y'all, but this ain't LA or the west coast. Sushi rolls here can cost up to $17 at some places, so I'd say it's a pretty good deal, all things considered (especially for all the additional toppings and sauces that come with it). The King Loa could easily feed two hungry-ish people or one REALLY hungry person.
Now, some cons. The white rice I had in my bowl was straight up Jasmine white rice. NOT sushi rice. I think this is something Poke Loa should switch up. Whilst I was eating it, although there were good flavors, there just wasn't enough of it (my rice was a little dry and there were not enough sauce to coat the fish AND the rice), and I think the vinegary flavor of sushi rice would pair MUCH better with the raw fish. I got my poke bowl to go and thankfully have ponzu sauce at home, so I added a good bit of that and some sriracha to my bowl. 
All in all, I don't think it's a bad spot, but I would really like to suggest to Poke Loa to at least have a sushi rice option and also to add a little sauce to the rice before putting the toppings on top. The space itself is very clean and minimalistic. I'd come back again if I was really in the mood for some poke, and the staff was also very friendly and helpful when I came in.Very tasty, customizable, and fresh. A bit pricey but worth it. If I lived closer I'd be here daily.Super clean place, very fast service, tons of options, reasonably priced.... it's counter service btw. Only thing I didn't like was they put a bed of greens over the rice under the protein and everything. Next time I'll tell them to keep that off. Good experience, will go backI've only been to Poke Loa once and I'm dying to get back. I love that they are different than other restaurants in the city. I never had poke before stopping in here so it took a little bit to figure out what we wanted. The people behind the counter were very helpful. I got the tuna poke bowl and the boyfriend make his own bowl (I think I got the better end of the deal with this for sure). Everyone working was happy and in a good mood and that showed through the service. Everything was fresh and delicious. I know a few people that say that it's too expensive and such, but you get a lot of really good quality food. I think the price was just fine. I can't wait to get back to Poke Loa. For now, I'll just keep instagram stalking them. :)This restaurant is a great idea, but leaves a bit to be desired. I feel like the fish could be fresher, and not mutilated by the ice cream scoop they use to get it out of the bowl, also the portions of fish are not correct to the amount of other stuff they put in. Where is the crunchy? Lots of people like a little bit of tempura batter in their roll, why not in their bowl?Stumbled across this place walking down Magazine Street last night and decided to give it a shot.  The food is pretty good, but you don't get a ton of it for the price you pay.  There also aren't a ton of protein options (I think 4 or 5).Soooo that was interesting!!  I actually enjoyed my meal. The shock factor was nothing is cooked but the rice. All meats (tuna, salmon, and octopus) are raw and tossed in a marinade of your choice.  You pick your toppings and you have a bowl of stuff with good dressing!  The large bowl was $13 and I ate the whole thing with 2 scoops of tuna. After getting over my initial shock, I was ok!  I would return but with the understanding that I KNOW I will be hungry in about an hour or 2 at the most!!
Update!!!!  I DIDN'T get hungry later!  So healthy and filling?!  I will take it!!!!This place is great! I work right around the area and frequent this place a bit, and in fact I wish it was open before 11 so that I could snag it for lunch everyday (or maybe it's better that I can't!). If you're super hungry, this is such a great place but what I love about it most is it doesn't seem to make me hate myself after eating it. There are huge portions which I normally keep a little for latter or share with a friend but sometimes I eat all of it. They have plenty of options and are super nice when you struggle to pick what you want. There are a lot of spicy options and SO MANY things to choose from. And recently I learned there was an outside seating area which is why I've given this 5 instead of 4. So what are you doing? Go!So the food is very good, but I have an issue with the fact that every container is plastic, whether you're dining in or out, and almost none of them are recycled. It seems silly to not have reusable bowls for the people dining in, or at the very least containers that are more biodegradable like you'd see at Chipotle. Overall, I would like to go back but the amount of waste produced leaves a bad taste in my mouth.So excited for a poke place right around the corner from my house! The ingredients are fresh and tasty but the serving size is severely lacking for the price. For $11.50 I would expect more than 5 nickel sized pieces of tuna. I really want to love this place, but the value isn't there. Hopefully they were just under scooping during the first week open.A delicious upstart poke spot in the Garden district. The service is very friendly and fast. You can grab it to go which is what I ended up doing.Delicious food! The only problem with this place is all the plastic disposable bowls and utensils. But again the food is great!!  Wash some dishes y'all !This place is so delicious. I built my own bowl with all kinds of yummy things. Rice, greens, seaweed, crab, onions, avocado, mango, radishes and cucumber. Topped it off with lemon and crystal hot sauce aoli and crunchy onions. I def will be back. My only complaint ever is I wish everything was organic.Was so excited to see that there is finally a poke place in town, this has soooo much potential to be good but it's just EXTREMELY over priced for the amount they give you.. and when I went to try it out the other day they were out of half the ingredients I wanted... it was only 11:30am..Omg!!! This place was delicious! My poke bowl had so many flavors and was so fresh! I cannot describe - it was exactly what I was craving. The service was good and fast. Highly recommend.amazing!! sooo fresh. soo good. the spicy tuna was bam! spicy. very filling. right size portions. except the $1 extra avocado was a small portion. id come back it was greatUm yum! When you're hungry but you want to be healthy, this is the perfect spot. 
It's an assembly line and you decide exactly what you want in your bowl. Hate cilantro, skip it. Love macadamia nuts, yep you can have those. Just beware that a few ingredients are an extra cost, avocado, crab salad and, of course and extra scoop of your protein.
I wasn't big on the spicy tuna (but then again I never am) and I thought the tofu could have more flavor. That's right, tofu so you can definitely have a vegetarian meal here. 
The space is light and airy but I usually get my bowl to go. Staff is friendly and efficient. And OMG the watermelon agua fresca is delicious!I'm glad this concept was brought to New Orleans.  Everything taste super fresh! I've been trying to eat healthier and the flavors that they bring make it easy!This place is okay to be honest. I was hyped when I heard that NOLA had a poke spot. The menu was simple enough: choose a base, protein, then toppings. Once I had my poke and dug into it, I found that the flavors weren't really anything exciting and the sauce pretty much overpowers the whole dish. I also couldn't finish it because the flavor got pretty heavy after a while. When I think poke, I think fresh and light so that you can eat a whole bowl without feeling sick after. Overall, the quality of the fish was good but be careful what sauces you choose because thats what your whole bowl would taste like.I really enjoyed this place. I went after a hard workout and found that it gave me the nutrition I needed to forge through my day!This place is incredible! I've been waiting for a restaurant like this forever! New Orleans needs more healthy, delicious options and you can find that here. You can build your own bowl. Their fish is fresh and toppings are perfect! I highly recommend this place!I wanted to love Poke Loa as a huge Poke fan, but it was below average. For the amount you get, it's definitely overpriced (their 2 scoops of fish were tiny! the regular  size at Poke Loa is like the size of a small bowl at every other Poke place I've tried) , and taste-wise the bowl was very underwhelming. I got a salmon bowl and the fish wasn't that fresh, the sides were skimpy in serving size, though I did appreciate the variety to choose from. Overall, don't think I'll be coming back as it simply isn't worth the cost, but if you're really craving Poke, it'll probably suffice.I was born and raised on Oahu. Tourist's opinions on poke don't count you never knew what real poke is obviously if u like this stuff. This is NOT poke its fish tossed in a salad bowl with random sauces with random salad toppings not POKE and is nothing like real poke, and do you even know what Loa means? Your name makes no sense, really we feel it is an insult to use the Hawaiian language that way (INCORRECTLY) and the fish is low quality, and so irritating to see a mainland person take poke and really mess it up. Gross would never eat there again.  Aioli topping is NOT on Hawaiian poke either...... and we don't eat it on salad‍‍‍. And you've taught a whole city what poke is NOT. And you use our language incorrectly to brand a poorly copied inferior tasting product.Never heard of poke before coming to this place. I love sushi though so naturally I love poke. Super refreshing and healthy meal. I had the salmon.Fantastic concept.  First time visiting with the wife and it was so good.  the Salmon Bowl was filling and tasted so fresh.  We went to the one on Magazine but plan to visit the one in Old Metairie soon.  It was just so unusual, clean and new that it was a refreshing idea from standard New Orleans food.I'm glad they have something like this in Nola. Only bad things is location and parking. Also it's good here BUT the toppings are so little portions for the price of what I paid. But the taste and atmosphere makes up for it. Will I come back? Sure why not.Great food. Good staff. Will give you a filling meal without the after dinner regrets.Delicious and healthy. I had a brown rice, shrimp, mango, crab, sesame oil, spring mix, avocado and cucumber bowl.  You choose the toppings.  I only wish they had disposable bowls rather than plastic.  You could also use wood chopsticks or forks to eat your meal with. We had the free cucumber water but they have Pellegrino and other drinks to pick from too. It was very clean and light inside. We opted to eat outside as it was a gorgeous day.  It  was just perfect for a lunch or dinner. A two scoop bowl was filling for lunch. It was approx $11.50.  I even took some home for later.  Can't wait to go again.Was in NOLA, and wanted to try this place out. Unfortunately, I was disappointed.  The atmosphere was very nice and clean, and portray the freshness of their food.  The workers however, was pretty rude and seemed like he did not want to be there.  
The food was pretty fresh, other than my black spots on my avocado..  the flavor? Pretty bland, and tasteless.  I had many poke bowls, and this has to be the bottom 3.  Wish I could say that it was worth it, but it wasn't.This place was better than I had expected. The portions are quite bigger than I imagined and the price is a tad pricey but imo somewhat worth it. I've had PokeWorks, a popular chain for poke eaters, and would say poke loa is much much better. But in all honesty, cali gives so much more and at a cheaper price. Overall, great atmosphere, great workers and great food. 
-poke lover ntI love poke loa. Love it. I would be lying if I said that I haven't eaten here three times in a week before.
That being said, I'm severely disappointed in the change in avocado sizing. We used to get a half an avocado for a dollar extra and now we get a sixth an avocado. Which isn't ev enough avocado per bite!!!! The food is expensive enough that the portion to bite ratio should be even. I haven't been back since . If I go again I'll just have I bring my own avocado.
That being said the servers are always amazing and kind and helpful and always a delight to chat with!I have been to Poke Loa countless times since they opened and I have yet to be disappointed. The fish is always fresh, the topping selection is very similar to what one would find in Hawaii, and the staff is very friendly. The food is reasonably priced, and very delicious. So far, it's better than the other poke i've tried in NOLA. Will be back very soon!I want to give Poke Loa 4.5 stars but I just can't quite give them 5 stars just yet. The Poke was very flavorful and the portions were great in my opinion. A little on the pricy side but I surely did not mind paying a little extra for very fresh ingredients and large portions. A lot of my friends complained about the portion sizes whenever Poke Loa first opened but I did not have this problem with my first experience. I tried out the King Loa bowl and chose not to add anything to taste how it was made to be and it did not disappoint. Will be back soon to satisfy my Poke cravings.I'm in love...super fresh. More filling than I thought it would be. Super quick service due to assembly line type service. Friendly & accommodating staff. I have an avocado allergy and it was zero problem for them to change out gloves before preparing my bowl. I will certainly be back.I love love this place. 
When we got here at around 7:30ish? There was a long line but it moved so quickly! 
The fish is super fresh.  My husband and I shared a king loa which has 4 total scoops and a ton load of toppings. I just wanted a bite bc I had eaten earlier but I pretty much ate half of it. I couldn't stop. It felt like eating a salad. Basically, a deconstructed sushi roll. But so much better bc where are you going to get that much raw fish for $15 in a roll? 
I suggest loading up on those toppings bc it all compliments everything so well. 
There is soy sauce and sriracha on the side if needed. Also a lid if you're taking it togo. This meal is very togo friendly. 
Parking can be a pain during peak times. When we got there, it wasn't too bad.
We will def be back. It's a great lunch spot! And I love the window seating. Haha.My new favorite spot in the city. Unbelievable freshness, excellent flavor, and a ton of options. I got a tuna bowl with rice, seaweed salad, cucumbers, avocado, and drizzled in ponzu sauce. I may or may not have eaten here three times this week, if that says anything about how much I love this place.I normally don't give 5 stars but this place deserves it.  This food is for me!   I had the King Loa bowl with lots of toppings and Siracha sauce.  It was delicious!   Will definitely be going back for seconds and thirds...The best way i would describe Poke Loa is deconstructed sushi in a bowl.!! Imagine designing your own sushi roll with only the ingredients you love and then putting them in a bowl instead of a roll. This place is super-friendly , super clean and their ingredients are fresh and delicious. I enjoyed my experience there and definitely recommend themThe food is fresh and delicious. The restaurants are beautiful, and their specialty drinks in the CBD are awesome. I would recommend this to anyone who likes poke.The best thing that could've come to NOLA. Being from NY, poké is something I seek out in the city all the time. As soon as I heard this opened, I rushed over. Place completely WOWED me. 
Poke bar is bigger than any other place I've been to. They do not skimp on the fish, in fact, I have failed to finish my meal 3 times now. This is a super rare occasion when it comes to raw fish for me. 
Thy also have octopus, not just tuna, salmon, and yellowtail - what a treat! 
Only downside, they did not expect for the place Yo become so popular, so sometime they are a little understaffed and overwhelmed.Yes. All the poke from here. Def one of my favorite bowls of poke that I have had anywhere. All the yum. In a city full of heavy meals, this place is your break when you need to step away from the Cajun/creole for a hot sec.My go to place for Poke so far in the city. The salmon is fresh and the spicy tuna is both spicy and flavorful.I would call this a mainland take on poke but the servings are large and the flavor is fresh and tasty. If they only had acai bowls I would give them 5 stars.A poke bar in New Orleans? I must have been dreaming or at least tripping on that good stuff. That good sushi stuff. Duhhh! I love th
is place for a good quick snack/lunch/dinner. You never know when you need that fatty omega3. Pretty standard pick your ingredients setup. The service was super fast! I went during lunch time and the line was continuously moving. Overall, if you're craving a special roll, but don't want to be confined by the seaweed then this place is for you! Definitely recommend stopping by.Being completely unaccustomed to Hawaiian cuisine, I just had to give Poke Loa a try. To put it simply: you are literally served a bowl of sushi roll ingredients (minus the roll, of course.) 
Now, don't be mislead by that description. This place is fantastic. I ordered the build your  own, three protein bowl. Yellow tail and octopus were fresh as can be. Spicy Tuna is hands down the best I've had anywhere in the city. 
The restaurant was hilariously over staffed, though. One manager randomly poking around bottles, cashier, food preparer, dish washer, and one person just awkwardly standing around. Very entertaining.This place was great and the staff was very helpful considering this was my first time trying a poke bowl! I will definitely be back and soon!Was doing a lil shopping on a beautiful Saturday on Magazine and wanted something fairly light to eat. Finally got the opportunity to check out this chain. With the poke craze catching on i was surprised this place was empty around lunchtime. I mean i was the ONLY customer...anywho..u have the option to build your own bowl or choose one. Since i am not super familiar with all the flavors i opted for a salmon bowl. It came full of tasty stuff like peas, rice, seaweed..i thk. Lol and plenty of other tatsy delights. It was a bit pricey..i believe i paid abt 14 bucks but it was flavorful and light. Next time i will probably attempt to build my own.This place offers a variety of bases, proteins, and toppings. I wanted to try something new so I got a build-your-bowl with zoodles (zucchini noodles), salmon and yellowtail [I've never been to a poke place that offers this and this is my favorite fish to eat!], and almost all of the toppings that they had. They mix your proteins in a separate bowl with any sauces and veggies (onions or sliced cucumbers) that you pick before they place it in your bowl. I do feel like the prices are a little too high and I also needed to add more sauce to my bowl, but I think it's just because I got the zoodles and it required more of that #sauciness.This is the best poke place! Always fresh and delicious. I go there about once a week! The one thing they're missing is a loyalty program, everyone would seriously love that!!Tried the King Loa bowl. Was really great and packed with tons of Protein. Atmosphere was great.Pretty much one of the few fast casual spots on Magazine around this area. So husband and I have been here multiple times since opening because of convenience and cravings for something fresh (that isn't necessary a salad or sit down sushi). 
I love the options and I pretty much get a different combo every time. Fish seems fresh enough. It's a chipotle style - add whatever you want - type of deal. So if you have problems with decisions...you might want to plan ahead or just choose a bowl with pre-chosen options. Lately it hasn't been packed, so we're in and out, which is great! 
The only problem I have with Poke Loa is that the last few times I've gotten white rice, the rice is a bit hard and tastes old like it's been sitting in the rice cooker all day. Not really what I want when we end up paying almost $30 for the both of us at the end!This was pretty good. As others have said, the scoop sizes for the proteins are not big. I was expecting roughly the protein stuff you would get in a poke salad at Kyoto (R.I.P.), and was hoping the reviews might be wrong. All the ingredients were good, but I wasn't really floored. Since I'm a little $$ conscious, I couldn't help thinking "I could get the craziest burrito almost anywhere for this price." That is probably not deterrent for most, but it is for me. I will still go back though because the flavors are great and the space/location is great too.This use to be my favorite poke place but with an increase in poke restaurants across the city with great service this place is no longer my favorite. 
I ordered the king poke bowl and while it was delicious just by the employee interactions alone made me wish I went somewhere else. The girl who took my order made me feel like I was bothering her and on top of that while paying another female employee was talking about how, quote on quote, "I f*cking hate making this shit." If you hate your job so much maybe you should get a different one. Until they train their staff better I will not returning to this locaripnThis place serves deconstructed sushi rolls in bowls. The menu layout gives you lots of options to create the meal you want.
First you chose your base: Brown or white rice and salad mix. Then you chose your protein. Salmon, spicy or regular tuna, yellow tail, or tofu if you're weird. Next comes so many different toppings, it would take too long to type. Pretty much anything and everything that goes into your favorite sushi roll, including different tobikos. 
I tried the King Loa bowl just because it seemed to give you a taste of everything and  it comes with 4 scoops of fish. Definitely the most bang for your buck. With tip, I paid around $18 for a rather large portion. I definitely will be back.Wow! This place exceeded all expectations. I'll start with the best part about it: the flavor and the freshness. I live a few blocks away, and let me tell you this part of magazine has been NEEDING a healthy grab and go lunch/dinner spot. My boyfriend and I walked here last night, and We both ordered the king bowl. I feel it is the most bang for your buck. In terms of price I certainly felt it was appropriate. You receive about 4 scoops of the freshest fish! Not to mention avocado, seaweed salad, edamame, and veggies ALL INCLUDED. to those complaining about price, have you been to a salad or greens bar before? There are plenty of those popping up in the city now (which is great), but the price evens out to much more than poke loa if you were to add on even half the things poke included in their price! Not to mention that fish is always a premium at salad bars and here it is already what you're getting. 
The fish was unbelievably fresh. I couldn't finish my entire bowl so I had the rest for lunch today and it was great. Another nice touch was when I chose brown rice as my base, the man asked whether I wanted a mix of brown and the mixed greens which was perfect and exactly what I technically would've wanted but didn't think to ask! Those little things make a huge difference plus they sell big easy bucha and I'm all about supporting local business. 
Finally, the flavor. I eat everything and so when I ordered the king bowl I didn't even think about messing with the seasonings and just wanted to try it "as is." Now, my biggest fear when I don't mess with something myself is that it will be bland. Not the case here! Every bite is EXPLODING with flavor! And before you check out you get to pick free "crunchies" for extra flavor such as fried onion and wantons. Loved it. 
The only thing I don't know is whether the seafood is humane, organic, and sustainably raised. Since this is Nola / magazine Street (we don't like buying from big companies that usually suffer from these probs), and judging by the beauty/color of the meat, I am assuming it is, but would like to know for sure. 
I will honestly come here a few times a week. This place is great and adds to the beauty of the area. Great job!Love everything about this place! If you're a sushi addicted like me it's like heaven. And reasonably priced too.Great place! Great service! Fast fresh and delicious. Give it a try. It's our current go to for after work takeout. I usually get miso as well and it's good. Very generous portions so go hungry.Been here twice already and love it. If you have had poke bowls everywhere else this place is pretty close to the same thing. Keep in mind you can't expect California great or Texas great but I still say this place is a winner to me. People complain about the cost to fish amount but in reality you need to think about how other places charge. Also don't forget you in uptown magazine street. Their qualify of fish is on point and you can tell them however much toppings you like with as much sauce as you like. Overall I will be back many more times and have referred many of my sashimi and poke lover friends. Stay strong and don't let the negatives get to you.I've had poke once in Hawaii and once in San Francisco before this, and that's it. Not a lot of benchmarks with which to compare this restaurant. Of course, a lot of people (like my lunch companion) would say that those are probably the highest benchmarks you could get. As opposed to going to a poke restaurant, say, in Des Moines.
Hmmm, regardless, here we are. 
I liked what was put down in front of me - the ubiquitous tuna poke bowl, and since I am not a habitué of this or any other poke place, I asked the person preparing the bowl to add ingredients as he saw fit. It was quite delicious, although there was not a lot of actual food in the bowl.
Service was fast, courteous and efficient.
Would visit again, and next time, I think I'll stretch my poke horizons and get something a bit more unusual.Lives up to the hype! Several people whose opinions about food I really trust recommended  Poke Loa highly. I finally was able to stop by for lunch today with my husband and I am so glad we did. 
I got the tuna poke bowl and it was absolutely delicious. He did a DIY bowl. Both of our bowls were packed full of delicious, fresh ingredients. We were both pleasantly full afterward. It is a little pricey for lunch - for the two of us it was $32 (two bowls + two drinks). However, this is not your standard lunch fare and it is definitely worth treating yourself to. 
Also, the space is beautifully laid out and well designed. There are thoughtful details everywhere. We had a really lovely experience overall. I think this would be a perfect place for a business lunch - a little special but not too try hard.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans -- best poke bowls around! A little pricier than what I'm usually looking for but it's a lot of food that sometimes I can't finish so I think it's always worth it. Definitely a place you should check out if you're looking for delicious poke you can't find anywhere else.I am obsessed with this place! I've been here in nola since August and have already been 4 times. Part of the reason I love this place is because it is so fairly priced. All toppings except avocado and maybe two others are included in the price whereas all other poke places are normally "pick three toppings" and it's 50 cents to a dollar per topping after and boy did those babies add up at those places, sometimes to $21! At Poke Loa, I get a large and pay around $16 and get two meals out of it!!!
I also found Poke Loa's fish to be extremely fresh. I love getting a large - two scoops of salmon and one of the spicy tuna. They also have brown rice as an option if you're trying to be healthier (I do that with the spring greens). I also liked their assortment of sauces - I always get the sriracha and wasabi aioli. Lastly, they have gluten free soy sauce! Who woulda thought that was a thing ‍
This is definitely my go to when I just need a little pick me up, want to eat healthy, and need a quick meal (or two if you get a large).Prices are a little too high for the portions of fish. Whenever I ask for other toppings, they also give me very little unless I ask for more, then I get it with a hesitant sigh. 
The flavor was alright. Something about it lacks authenticity. 
The presentation is terrible. They kind of just scoop everything into your bowl. My sister pointed this out to the owner who responded annoyed with, "we just opened, what'd you expect?" No other explanation or apologies. 
Maybe if it wasn't for the customer service, I'd be back as it is a decent poke bowl in a city with very few other options. This place could use a little work though.I love poke bowls so naturally I was excited to try a restaurant dedicated to this lovely dish. I studied the menu before my first visit so I would be ready to order when I arrived. I created the bowl of my dreams and it was everything I hoped it would be. So much so that I duplicated my order on my second visit a couple weeks later. 
Their blueberry pomegranate tea is super good. I cant wait for their Metairie Rd location to open because the Magazine St location can be a little stressful to park being on a busy corner thats under major construction. 
I noticed a quaint yard with string lights on my second visit that is accessed by their rear door.  Everyone is very patient and helpful if you happened not to study the menu first too;)The summer of last year during the "poke stop" craze I actually went to a place that was called Poké Stop in Portland, and lost my damn mind over the concept of fast, fresh poké bowls. I wished upon a star, kissed the clock at 11:11, fingers crossed, blew out some candles, lit some candles, rubbed a rabbit's foot (still connected to a rabbit), all in hopes that New Orleans would open a poké spot. 
My prayers (or strange superstitious wish bomb) were answered! Assembly line creations of delicious to-go bowls of fresh tuna and salmon, crunchy edamame, spicy roe, ginger, tempura flakes, all the things with a pleasant staff and my favorite flavors of Big Easy Bucha. What more could I ask for? 
Oh yeah, lightly-flavored water (yeyas), Tamari (new favorite thing, richer flavor and gluten-free), and a really lovely space to eat in. 
On the cost issue, yeah it definitely cost more than my usual lunch, but if you really consider it more of a deconstructed sushi roll, it's about 3 rolls worth, and think about how much that would've cost. AND usually this bowl could last two meals, but I can't stop at just satiating my hunger...I usually just end up eating the whole thing and have no regrets like I do when I eat an entire pizza. 
I'm so happy for the owners who are now opening two more locations (if you're looking for a third, Maple Street is just down from where I live, just sayin'). They really did their research and it shows, so I look forward to trying out their other locations.I really like this place, much more than I thought I would. There's a generous amount of fish in the bowl, at least for the tuna, and a wide variety of toppings. It's nice to have a lighter meal in this corridor. If it was close to work I'd eat here at least once a week for lunch.Such a hit in the most perfect neighborhoods! So glad NOLA finally has a poke place! Everything is very fresh and has a variety of topping options!So let my preface that Hawaii is practically my second home so it's hard not to compare this "poke" to the poke in Hawaii. Fish was ok here although it taste like it had been frozen before. I had the spicy tuna poke bowl with brown rice. Normally I love the spicy tuna but I didn't care for this. It was way too buttery and it was ground so much that there was no texture. My husband's ahi was better. It was $11.50 for very small portions. I literally asked the server if she had forgotten a scoop of fish. The location and decor were great though. Very modern. With that said, it IS the first poke place in New Orleans so we gotta start somewhere. Hopefully it'll continue to improve.The only poke place in NOLA does not disappoint. The only drawback for me is the price. But I love the customizable bowls, and how you get unlimited toppings! I got brown rice, and mixed greens as my base, salmon with a ponzu/chili sauce, crab salad, edamame, cucumbers, and the roe. It was really good! The fish was very fresh, which was a really important part. I think that the location is perfect too, although magazine parking is usually hard. But I don't mind it really. Overall, this place as really good, fresh poke, and is a really good addition to magazine street.First time trying Poke Loa and I won't be back! My shrimp red curry soup is more like oatmeal!! To make matters worse 1) I ordered rice noodles, not brown rice; 2) no broth - for which the woman explained its no fault of theirs -  they use "portion control;" 3)doesn't taste good, 4) manager called and apologized - see already adjusted through Postmates, will make it right next time - with no offer to correct?!!  Sorry, won't be a next time.I wanted to hate this place. I wanted to be able to say it was pretentious and over priced. I wanted to say no one needs that in a bowl! (What is a poke bowl anyway?) I wanted to complain about the service and how they talked down to the less seasoned customers. I CAN'T do that. 
For those of you who don't know, a poke bowl is cubed raw fish in a bowl with rice, light sauces and other fresh ingredients. It is similar to deconstructed sushi rolls. 
Poke Loa is just really, really, good. The food is so fresh and delicious that I find myself craving it when I go too long without it. I am a real sushi snob. I feel like a week without sushi is a disappointment and two is a recipe for a meltdown. I keep hearing the words, "Sushi sounds good, but I'm feeling more like Poke Loa." come out of my mouth. 
This represents a cosmic shift in my dining routine. I live in the River Parishes and work Uptown so I am lucky enough to often be within a reasonable distance from some of the best 
fresh food restaurants in the New Orleans metropolitan area. 
The food here is outstanding. It is fresh, artfully seasoned and just beautiful. It is fast and fun to eat. The decor is fresh and trendy. Depending on where you sit in the restaurant it can get a bit loud at times but the vibe is always fun. You start at one end of a line and move down telling the staff what you want in your bowl. They are friendly and are skillful at helping you make decisions while moving the line along. 
If people at work are offering to pick up lunch, I suggest Poke Loa. Having a department lunch, how about Poke Loa? Looking for something I can grab on my way home and indulge without feeling like a pig? You guessed it! Poke Loa!
My best tip, no point in getting the tofu unless you are a hard core vegetarian. It isn't the best use of space in your bowl.This is a Chipotle style fast food type of sushi/Poke Californian/Hawaiian type joint where you just pick your ingredients and get your bowl of food made based on your choices.  You get a decent sized bowl with quite a generous selection of ingredients.   The establishment seems to be very efficient and gets your food to you much faster than the average fast food establishment and maybe even faster than your usual Chipotle time.  The food seems fresh with good flavors available for toppings and sauce options.Love the food but this location is very stingy compared to Elmwood. Paid $18 for a bowl bc of extras I ordered and my bowl is 3/4 full. I paid for extra crab and extra mango. Asked for eel sauce and wontons on the side also and got none of these. No extra crab, only about 5 pieces of mango and no eel sauce. Disappointed!It was extremely fresh and delicious. I would definitely recommend. Super crowded because it is very new to the city.This food is so fresh and delicious!!! The service is fast and friendly.  One issue that I have is that I wanted to order online and pick up my food, but the website would only let me place an order through a delivery service. I would prefer another option to order online, so that I can pick up my food on my way home and not wait for it to be delivered. 
Overall, I truly LOVE this food!!!!!Food:
It's great! But it can also be better. I like the unlimited toppings bar they advertise (they aren't too skimpy on that) and the price definitely matches what you get. In my experience, Poke is usually pretty expensive and Poke Loa is slightly cheaper than what I am used to paying. The first time I went there, I felt that they gave way too much rice and were pretty skimpy on the fish. I ordered the three scoop poke bowl and was still hungry afterwards. The second time I went there, I ordered the two scoop poke bowl and was very full. (I got the same toppings both time - everything). 
My only comment about the taste of the food is that I wish they had a sushi rice option (even if it's more expensive). I've had poke bowls with regular jasmine rice, sushi rice, and brown rice before. I definitely favor the sushi rice over the other options. 
Service:
Good service, great decor. I think the store could improve by focusing a bit more on plating the food. It's definitely pretty difficult considering this poke place is Chipotle style (and not a poke place where you check boxes on a sheet and then the workers make it for you). One of the great things about poke is how colorful the toppings are and I think paying a bit more attention to how those colors are presented on top of the bowl could go a long way. Outside of that, I wish they offered a better drink selection. Other than the water, I don't feel like they have many simple drink options. 
Background: 
Poke is from Hawaii/West Coast and Poke Loa is the first (other than Costco) to bring it to New Orleans. It's described Poke- eh, not poke - ee. I've described it as Chipotle for sushi to most of my friends so they're prepared for the experience. Poke Loa is located at a great spot on Magazine St. There's paid street parking (until 7pm) on Magazine Street, but you can usually find parking on a side street or on Louisiana. Since it opened, I've gone twice, once the first week it opened and once ~four weeks later. Bathrooms are in the back and they also have outside seating.On a trip and recovering from illness. Got a salmon bowl. So delicious and easy on the stomach!Quite surprised to find a poke place while vacationing in New Orleans. It was a nice break from the heavy cajun food. They have a lot of staff here and like some people mentioned it can be a bit overwhelming. We got a lot of food and it was filling. They give plenty of poke and all the toppings were good and fresh.To say I'm anything less than obsessed with Poke Loa would be a lie. From their BYOB policy to their expansive indoor and outdoor seating, I couldn't ask for much more. Their cucumber water is free and delicious, and even their water cups are the high quality plastic cups that don't crumble and spill water all over you while you're precariously clutching your poke bowl, iPhone, and water cup in your hands while trying to reach your favorite table. If you love sushi/poke but constantly find yourself wishing you could customize your order without getting so much side eye, Poke Loa is the place for you. @poke Loa- please bring back the crystal aioli, I miss it so much!!!Yummy!  Great for vegetarians. Filled me up more than I thought. No alcohol served. Small small seating outside. All fish is raw.I don't really like this place. The price isn't worth it, for the amount of toppings and sauces they have. I was surprised making my bowl because it has been so much fun at Lemonshark Poke and Poke-Chan. Moreover, their employees don't look pleased to be working there lol. I know one of them couldn't wait to clock out. She was so distracted, that she overlooked the fact that I had been waiting in line and started working on someone else's order. She immediately turned her attention to mine after I let her know that I had been waiting, but I have worked food service and never made that mistake before. Maybe it's because my attention has always been on the customers??? Additionally, the spicy tuna could taste so much better. There was some green stuff in it, which I found weird because no other place I've visited has had spicy tuna that looked like that. They didn't give me that much anyways, so it was okay. The serving of fish is less than the serving of a topping, so it worked out.
But yeah, I guess if there's no other poke place around, you can go to this one!This is not poke. Google "Poke Hawaiian" and you'll see what poke is supposed to be like. There is supposed to be more fish than all of the other crap. This place will give you one or two pathetic ice cream scoopers of fish. 
I attached a picture of what poke is supposed to look like.Gotta say, for Hawaiian food, this is one of the best places I've been to. Their brown rice is so amazing!I arrived at 8:30pm. I had no clue how it worked. I asked for assistance and was told how to order. The person appeared tired of telling people how as he had zero patience and no smile. I ordered spring mix and tuna. Very small portion of tuna. I asked for spicey tuna but they were out. As i moved down the very unorganized line i asked what each item was. The person was not nice and made me feel like an idiot for asking. I did not know what several items were and did not ask out of fear. When I reached the last area the condiments had not been refreshed and were not marked. It did not look very inviting. Lots of people behind the counter but not paying attention to the quality of the presentation. I think clearly labeling everything would help. I paid just short of $15.00 for a bowl of tuna and spring mix with several additions ( cucumber, edame, mango, fake crab, onion, and two sauces).
I took home to share with my bride and was pleasantly surprised! The flavor was spot on and VERY FRESH. The portion of tuna was lacking in the perceived value department. If they work on keeping the line stocked,  items clearly labeled, staff not intimidating and smiling, and protein portion sizes they will make everyone happy. I will be back to see if they care.This use to be my favorite poke place but with an increase in poke restaurants across the city with great service this place is no longer my favorite. 
I ordered the king poke bowl and while it was delicious just by the employee interactions alone made me wish I went somewhere else. The girl who took my order made me feel like I was bothering her and on top of that while paying another female employee was talking about how, quote on quote, "I fucking hate making this shit." If you hate your job so much maybe you should get a different one. Until they train their staff better I will not returning to this location.Not very good. University medical center makes better poke  not very flavorful, veggies are not as fresh, they used a weird seaweed salad I'm not used and is not very sweet. I couldn't finish it.We visited the Magazine location when I was in town from Arizona. It was the cutest place. I never had poke before but love sushi so I gave it a try. I could tell the fish was high quality. I've since had poke from other places, and Poke Loa is still my favorite.So fresh tasting and just love the King Loa which has bunch of fish in it YUM I was just walking by intending to go to Slim Goodies ... there was long line for SG so I walked back here and feel so good that I did.Very good poke! I brought my family here who have never had poke before. They really liked it! My mom said she would eat it everyday if it were available where she lived. The options for what you can add to your bowl are a bit overwhelming so I appreciate that they had preset bowls that you can order. It would be nice if there were a few more of these. Service was quick and prices are fair. I will definitely be back!Poké poké poké....that's the trend right now. Although, it has been around much longer. I was lucky to have tried Poké for the first time while I was in Hawaii. Many enjoy it for the fresh fish and healthy options. I love Poke Loa because it is run on a Chipotle-style service concept. You pick your base, the protein, the sauce and the toppings. If you're a Gluten Free person, they have Tamari (aGF soy sauce)!!!! Yay!!! 
We came here about 30 min before they close, but the service was super friendly. I love their colorful yet simple interior design decor. We were told that the King Loa bowl is their most popular. We ended up just customizing our bowl, and it was still plenty for 2 people! The fish sizes and proportion were surprising plentiful, and their pricing was very reasonable. Only complaint I would have is that since you get to pick your sauce onsite, the fish doesn't get time to marinate in it...and hence the flavor is kind of lacking/bland. Overall, I will definitely come back here again the next time I'm in Nola.I have been hearing about this place for a while and it DID NOT disappoint! It's like subway for a sushi bowl! Judging previous reviews, I didn't think the portion would be enough. That was WRONG, I filled up and had enough for lunch the next day. I had the spicy tuna bowl and it was delicious! All of the ingredients were super fresh and full of flavor. 
Entire restaurant was very clean, bright, and full of light. There was not much of an atmosphere but the food was good enough to not make me notice.
I will definitely be back and will refer this to others.I love this restaurant. This place is first on my list any time I want take out food. The bowls are so fresh and healthy, yet super filling (unlike basic salads...).
The portions are really generous, I definitely can't finish the large sized bowl. I personally don't eat raw food, so I get shrimp and crab salad as my proteins.  These 2 items alone are not so exciting in any dish anywhere, however, the variety of other ingredients that can be added are awesome!  I particularly love the seaweed, sesame oil, and crunchies.
The restaurant is VERY clean. The service is always really quick (quicker than the meter maids can get to my car! - hahaha).I'm seriously still dreaming of the poke bowl I enjoyed last weekend that took me straight back to a beach in Maui. Imagine a fast casual "Chipotle-like" experience but you're leaving with a fresh and flavorful sushi bowl. That's what you'll get here at poke loa! 
I opted for a "large" bowl that included choice of 3 proteins. I chose spicy tuna, salmon, and yellow tail dressed in ponzu over a mix of greens and rice. It was pretty fun combing over the numerous choices of unlimited toppings adding color, flavor, and texture to my bowl. 
The staff was really nice and super helpful as I, the noob, worked myself down the line. 
After making my bowl, I found a great table in the quaint outdoor seating area which proved to be the perfect people watching perch. My bowl's flavors were on point despite my dumping all kinds of toppings on, it was a pretty idiot-proof experience. The fish was very fresh and melded perfectly with the umami of the ponzu and roe in my bowl. I also enjoyed a bit of creaminess from the sriracha mayo-yum! 
If you like sushi definitely check out poke loa for an inexpensive alternative!Very fresh and very good tasting fish options! If you don't know what poke is, it's basically an open face sushi roll with raw fish. This place opened up not too long ago, but it's definitely something worth trying. You build your own poke bowl, and the employees are very helpful in guiding you how to build it if you're a first timer. I've been here twice and both times my food came out tasting really good. You won't be disappointed when trying this out. I will definitely be back!Great food! As my base, I chose half white rice and half spring mix. I highly recommend doing this because I think only rice would result in too much rice. Not a big fan of raw fish so I was very happy that I could sub in crab as my protein. I would avoid doing adding sweet onion as a mix in unless you truly love raw onion. I found the quantity and size of the onion pieces a bit off putting and picked out every last one.  I love the customization and the flavors. My leftovers even tasted good for breakfast the next morning!Best poke ever! I go here at least once a week!! Ingredients are so fresh and the Magazine St. place is so clean and comforting (only location I've been to) I would recommend build your own poke so you can get all the ingredients you want and personalize as much as you want.Salmon poke bowl was great!  First time here just like sushi in a bowl....great conceptTerribly fresh, pretty fast, incredibly crowded. Chalking the crowds up to the newness of the joint. The fish tastes great and the topping options are stellar. I would quibble that I'd rather have a different green,like mache, but it's minor. Also unsure if I agree w/others about the quantity of the fish you receive; the fish served aren't native, and so it's expensive. It's easy to spend less than $10 more and have a sashimi dinner to go.Ohhhh how I've been craving poke ever since my trip to New York! So you can see how I was super excited to try out the only poke place that I wouldn't have to travel a million miles for. My first impression of the place was that it was very clean and modern looking. The staff was super friendly and very helpful with the whole process. You basically have two options: make your own bowl or choose one of their options they have already created. I went with making my own bowl: large, brown rice with spring mix, yellowtail, and basically a little of every ingredient offered. I like it all hehe. Flavors were good and the fish and ingredients were fresh. Portions were not bad but compared to what I had in New York, poke loa was a little smaller for the price. I paid $30 something for 2 large bowls. However, it definitely satisfies my cravings so I'll be back for the next craving.Need to know:
1) Expect to find your own parking ahead of time in the ever so crowded streets of/off of Magazine Street.
2) Protein portions are not a lot (especially for those who've had pokè salads on the west coast before), but it was fine with me, since i already read up on reviews and had an idea. 
3) You got two choices before they make your Pokè Salad Bowl:
     a) Make Your Own (pick your own rice, protein, sauces, and toppings)
     b) Pick from their own signature designed bowls
3) There is lemon infused water if you don't feel like purchasing any drinks next to the soy sauce and siracha condiments section
So, to start off, the setup and design of the Pokè Bar was pretty nice. It wasn't so congested and the awkward wandering of eyes to look for spots to
sit at, def something i liked, either that, or i came at a good time, but i arrived around 12:30, which is the usual
rush hour for lunchtime and such. Guess being a Pokè Bar and how simple the menu is, there's not much reason to sit around for too long, unless it was a lunch meeting that people have. The first person to greet me was the first person to order with, which so happens to be the owner, and was very welcoming and helpful when it came to ordering. I decided to make my own bowl, which composed of:
Rice (Base)
2 scoops of Fresh Salmon
Mango 
Sesame Oil
Ponzu
Lemon Miso Aioli
Wasabi Aoili
Everything was fine, but as mentioned before, the protein portions were lesser than what Poke bowls usually have. And also, I think i could've done less of aioli, but that's all on me. i picked those. anyways, it's a cute place, really simple.On the one hand, the food is delicious, and the staff are nice enough, even if they seemed baffled that I had no idea what the final product was supposed to be and didn't explain it very well (read:  at all).  I felt rushed through the line; it was a confusing experience.   
On the other hand:
1.  The acoustics are terrible and you will struggle to understand the servers, and they you.
2.  Everything is plastic.  The bowls, the cutlery, the cups, everything.  It all goes straight to the trash.
3.  It costs $40 to feed two people here.  Forty dollars for a meal in flimsy plastic disposable containers (lagniappe:  terrible for the environment) that ultimately feels like a fast food experience.  
4.  You will be hungry a few hours later.  After you consume your own bowl of food and your child's as well (because the staff only heard "spicy" when you said "definitely NOT the spicy sauce," due to the aforementioned terrible acoustics, and then didn't remove all the spicy sauce).  In fact, you won't even feel satisfied when you leave.  So you'll spend forty dollars to then hit the drive-thru for the child and make a sandwich for yourself later.  
I think I won't be revisiting, thanks.  Cross the street and spend less money for more food at Dat Dog.Poke Loa was clean, had good service, and the food was tasty.  I would go back if in New Orleans again.Loved this place! The interior is really cute, clean, and simple. You order on an assembly line like Chipotle. The line moves really fast. I got a 3 scoop bowl with octopus, tuna, and salmon. Everything tasted so fresh and they didn't charge for the extra toppings. Really good.They also provide free flavored water. Really positive experience!Love the food, but the service is terrible every time. When I got to the register to pay the employee seemed like they would rather be anywhere else and uttered the price of my meal and when I said I wanted a drink seemed to be majorly inconvenienced by that request...The worst experience I have ever had with a New Orleans restaurant!
I had ordered poké from Poké Loa before and found it mediocre. I really wanted some spicy soup, so I tried the make your own.  When I got the soup, it was cold. Half of the stuff I ordered in it, which 1) they had listed as stuff to choose to put in the soup 2) I know dang well can go in soup because I've made it before and had it other places, was in another cup with a nasty little note that it didn't belong in soup, so they served it on the side. There was another tiny cup half full of the liquid for the soup and a third, huge cup 1/3 full of some of the things I ordered. The octopus was notably absent and the "brown rice" looked like half-cooked crumbs of white Minute Rice. I put the wet ingredients from the side bowl (which were mixed with three crunchy ingredients into a wet slop, and 1 1/2 cups of broth I had on hand to bring the big cup to 3/4 full, full enough to cover the other ingredients, and heated it up, then poured it back into the original big cup and added the few dry, crunchy ingredients that weren't soggy slop. I took 3 sips and the whole cup collapsed and dumped on the floor.  Never again.I've been waiting for a restaurant like Poke Loa to make it to New Orleans for a long time. Finally it's here and I've ordered it around 10 times already. It's a treat for my boyfriend and I when we are in a time crunch and can't cook dinner. I always get the salmon bowl with added mango and seaweed salad. The atmosphere of the restaurant is great. The place is immaculate. Their logo is awesome. The only problem with this place is the location. You have to typically park blocks away due to the busy corner it's on in addition to construction. Whatever the case may be, I may walk a mile to eat this stuff!Right down the street from my shop, this place is my favorite pokey restaurant, at least for now. Not every pokey restaurant offers octopus, and I really appreciate this exotic selection. 
clean and crisp atmosphere. Friendly staff. Clean bathrooms.Fun place, good vibes, fresh food, but honestly just not very filling, nor very flavorful. Also, if you're getting sesame oil on your poké, DEFINITELY tell your poké maker to go easy. Not necessarily a bad experience, just not a great one either.I really didn't think poke bowls would be my thing, but I went for it and I love this place! I think you could make any ingredient combo and your bowl would be delicious. There are just so many great options that you can go over and over and still have a different bowl each time.Best poke in NOLA. Super fresh ingredients. The shrimp side salad was delicious.This is a great addition to Magazine street! I had never tried poke before so I was excited for the opportunity to see what all of the hype was about! All in all I was impressed!
Poke Loa is a Chipotle style poke place. You go up to the counter, choose white rice, brown rice, or spring mix (I mixed the white rice and spring mix which wound up being a great choice), next you choose your protein, and then go down the line adding in toppings. I was a little overwhelmed at first because there were soooo many choices! However, I tried a little of everything (why not?!) and I was happy with my choices.
I got the small bowl and decided on 1 scoop of spicy tuna and 1 scoop of salmon. The spicy tuna was SO GOOD. While they quickly marinate the salmon (and the other proteins), it wasn't long enough to actually pick up the flavor. That resulted in the salmon being a little plainer than I would have liked. In the future I will just get the spicy tuna! I also recommend the spicy tuna if you don't like the idea of eating big pieces of raw fish, it is much more manageable! 
They had sooooo many toppings to choose from! I got a little of everything (edamame, mango, wonton strips, seaweed salad, ginger, cilantro, green onion, crab salad, and got the wasabi aioli, sriracha aioli, and miso lemon aioli on the side). I would recommend knowing which toppings you want before you start ordering because otherwise you may be overwhelmed! All of the toppings were very fresh and flavorful and I absolutely loved the sauces! I liked that I got the sauces on the side so I could alternate flavors. A negative is that even though I got so many toppings, my bowl still wasn't all the way full. While I wasn't hungry anymore by the time I finished my bowl, someone who is hungrier may be disappointed. Also heads up for pickier eaters: my boyfriend wasn't as excited about the toppings so since he only ordered 3 of them, he only got 3 little scoops. I was disappointed that they didn't compensate by giving him extra of the other toppings! 
Overall I enjoyed my experience at Poke Loa. The 2 bowls with tax and tip were $30, which isn't cheap but also seemed fair for the freshness of the fish and toppings. Next time I'll make sure to ask for extra of certain toppings so I get my money's worth!
Food -- 4.5 stars
Price -- 4 stars
Service -- 3.5 stars
Atmosphere -- 4 starsTuna and crab salad tasted so fishy and smelt bad. Partner and I had a good cleanse for $30Pretty good. Usually hits the spot. Also pretty good portion sizes usually but not always consistent. Ordered a large bowl in one instance, and was disappointed with how much food was given for $15. Got a base (rice) and veggies, got all of the toppings that were wanted, and the takeout box was still about half empty. Granted, this was one out of a few times that I've been there so maybe it was a one time thing.
Lots of premade bowls or you can customize your choice of type of rice, type of fish, other toppings including (edemame, tobiko), choice of sauce, etc.
Not a lot of parking nearby. Some free parking, some street parking that you have to pay forI ordered two bowls from poke via Uber and they got the whole order wrong. They mixed the two bowls up and put different ingredients I didn't order. The bag it came with was filled with soy sauce. When I tried calling them they wouldn't answer the phone and left me with no refund. I was not happy with the experience and I won't be coming back.My most recent visit to Poke Loa was the best yet. I designed my plate in a different configuration than before and liked it even better. Previously, I thought it was the best, but this surpassed all else. Ingredients are so fresh and innovative. I love this place. The servers are always friendly and helpful. I'm a fanI have been here a few times and love it. The portions are generous, and everything is always super fresh, tasty, and quick. It's a bit pricy, but I don't mind because the ingredients are so delicious and high quality. The space is clean and well lit, with ample seating indoors and out, which creates a nice ambience. The staff are always friendly and attentive. The only thing I would change about this place is I wish there were more drink options.Delicious and Healthy! I got 2 scoops of tuna and 1 scoop of octopus with a combination of spring mix and brown rice for the base. Combine that with unlimited toppings and you've got the idea! It was amazing! Highly recommend adding a bit of chili paste to give it some kick! I wish they had a frequent customer rewards program since I'll be going all the time! 5 stars!***DANGER***Tonight I ordered a bowl from poke loa on Magazine St. I picked it up and brought home and started eating it while trying to pick out a movie. Thankfully I looked down at some point and saw the metal piece sitting in my bowl. As I carefully pulled it out I noticed that it had little blades and looked to be a sort of shredding device. I immediately called the store to notify them. The staff who answered was slightly apologetic but tried to rush me off the phone by offering me a free bowl for my next visit. I was unable to finish my dinner due to being afraid there might be more metal, not mention metal that I might have already swallowed. When I told her this she offered to make me another bowl and I could drive back there to get it(20 min drive). I didn't think she understood the danger of the situation and I offered to send her a picture so she could assess the seriousness. The manager maintained that all she could do was get me another bowl if I wanted it. Once I sent her the picture I got an even more surprising text that let me know that it was a piece of machine to "cut them up" referring to he zoodles. Once she saw the seriousness of the situation she did nothing except offer me an "omg" text. I will never go back to this location or any other poke loa location. I can only imagine what would have happened if I even bit down on that or swallowed a piece of it. Hopefully I didn't swallow any other pieces and this was the only piece in my poke. But if I did, I will be in touch with them and their upper management.