Great burger.  Perfectly cooked.   Huge baked potato.   Best drink I had in New Orleans all week.  - theyre monsoon.   Unreal.I've been eating at the Port of Call since 1969.  It's not a regular place for me but I go occasionally!  Today I had something happen which was a first! When I first asked a couple of questions, I perceived the waitress was a bit short to me lacking the usual good natured ness of the place.  I said nothing.  I ordered my salad with the dressing on the side as the tend to over do the potato toppings and salad dressings.  When thee waitress delivered the salad it was covered with dressing and I told the waitress I had ordered it on the Sid.  She bluntly told me, "no you didn't!" And I told he yes I did!!  She stated in a very sarcastic, curt manner that "I guess I'm not hearing anything!" Os something to that effect.
I am the most accepting person but her tone and repeated rudeness was enough and I decided to ask for the manager. I went to the bar and asked the lady working there to see the manager.  She said she would get him and I returned to my table.  My waitress came with a phone number written on a napkin and said the manager was not in but here was the number.  My friend decided to call and it ended up the number was foe a taxi company.  When confronted, the two said it was an accident they gave us the wrong number!
My waitress came to speak to me as did one other waitress to explain that we must have misunderstood the situation!!  I must say emphatically I misunderstood nothing!   
My point is to say, don't ever accept rudeness! I don't know what the problem was but it was not my problem the lady was evidently having a bad day and the manager was nowhere around.
As to the food, it was the best steak I've had there in a very long time!  It was moist and cooked the way I wanted it where in the past it was frequently excessively raw or cooked to the dryness and texture of old cardboard!  In all the years I've visited the restaurant, usually because friends wanted to go there,  within the past year I've noticed the staff getting less customer friendly and the food quality going down!  
I hope other visitors will review their experiences, and I hope my experience was an isolated one.  My visit was on May 28, 2013 at about 5PM.  The rating is for the overall experience.I am a big fan of a good burger, and I had a coworker tell me this was the best burger in NOLA. I have to admit, it was very, very tasty. I wasn't sure about this baked potato for a side, but it was so good too - definitely not microwaved. I would not bother with the bacon next time though - they were Bacos. Meh.
We will definitely go back because the burger was good and the potato - yum yum. But be prepared to wait a good long time. We waited 45 minutes on a Tuesday night.Do you want to get a good buzz going?  Get a Monsoon at Port of Call!
Do you want to get absolutely smoked by a drink?  Get a second Monsoon!
Since Port of Call is classified as a bar also, this review will be more about the great times i've had at Port of Call more than the burgers.  The burgers are great.  Big and juicy.  Actually they're really big.  The loaded baked potatoes.  Money also.  Worthy of 2 days worth of caloric intake.
That'll be the extent of my food review for Port of Call.  After all, it's classified as a bar on Yelp.  
I've had some random conversations with some random people at Port of Call because of the Monsoon.  The last time I made it to Port of Call about 2 years ago.  It was right after the Saints lost to the Dallas Cowboys to end the Saints' perfect season bid during their Super Bowl Championship run season (2009).
***NSFW monsoon induced conversation:***
Dallas fan (1 monsoon in):  "Who Dat?  We Dat!"
Dallas fan (1 monsoon in, looking at me):  "We're like the prom queen of NFL teams, everyone wants to be like us because of all the Super Bowls we've won.  Everyone wants a piece of this pussy.  The Saints are just the new kids on the block, who wants to play in the sandbox."
Me (1 monsoon in):  "No one wants old pussy!  You're the type of pussy that smells like rusty nickels!  The Cowboys are old pussy, stop living in the past, the Saints are new pussy!"
Dallas fan (1 monsoon in):  *Stares at me, and shocked at the vulgarity of what I just said*  Turns around all quiet.
Bartender got so crunk by what I just said decides to give me 2nd monsoon on the house.  
Feeling bad, I decide to share 2nd monsoon with Dallas fan.
After deciding to get another monsoon the conversation goes something like this I think.
Dallas fan (2 monsoons in):  "Let's go find some midgets and strippers"
Me (2 monsoons in):  "Sounds like a great idea, let's go".
***End NSFW monsoon induced conversation***
Oh, did I mention the burgers are really good at Port of Call?  Everything is served in excess size, but that's how we do in NOLA.  Geaux big!Port of Call has the best baked potatoes ever !!! It literally melts in your mouth. The burgers are really good too. (I would recommend medium or medium well)
Their signature drink ("Monsoon") is pretty good. You only need one !! The "Goombay Punch" is good as well; just like Rum Punch. 
This place is always crowded and depending on when you go, the wait can be over an hour.After opting to not get in a line that promised at least a one hour wait for dinner, we decided to return two days later after lunch rush hour. My husband ordered the cheeseburger and was very satisfied. I ordered a house a salad and baked potato. Baked potato was good and fulfilling. The salad, not so much--a small black bug crawled up and down, which completely turned me off from eating there period. The waitress didn't seem too shocked, which is the part that took me by surprise. The salad was taken off our ticket & our waitress apologized.Seems to me that Port of Call is the kind of restaurant...where you LOVE it and every time you go back, it's not as great as the first go.
That being sad, I love coming here, such an eclectic mix of ppl!  I wasn't a huge fan of the mushroom burger, kinda flavourless.  
But gosh, the burgers are huge and sooooo good!  But I still love my In-N-Out burgers.The food is great but gets quickly defeated by the negative dining experience.. Not sure if it's a general hygiene issue for the kitchen or the fact that people keep walking in and out of the place but as soon as my plate arrived so did multiple gnats that circled my plate. The place is also VERY dimly lit even for bar/lounge standards. Can easily become a 5 star establishment.So so so so good. If you're craving meat and potato, this is the place to go. Nothing fancy or healthy - just tasty deliciousness. 
I love Port of Call's dark atmosphere. Kind of like a pirate's cave. Some of that pirate gold would be useful to pay the bill with...Pretty darned good.  The burger was fantastic and the baked potato was really, really good.   Service was great and everyone was super friendly.   I can see why this place is packed.  Next time I am back in this area, Port of Call will be on my list of stops.BEST. BURGERS. EVER.  Love the fact that the burgers come with a baked potato instead of fries. Doesn't make you feel as guilty after eating a giant half pound burger. I'm sure there are other things on the menu but it's the burgers that will bring you here. A must visit if in the big easy.I love love LOVE this restaurant.I recommend going in the middle of the week to avoid the huge crowd and possible 1-2 hour wait.It's a very small place and it looks run down but the food is fresh and AMAZING and the atmosphere is always lively and comfortable.
Starting off with a "Goombay punch"(their version of a rum punch) is always the right move it's super delicious you can hardly taste the alcohol! But,don't get too excited and drink it too fast and only drink one because it will definitely hit you hard.Port of Call is known for their burgers but i love their steak dinners.First they give you 4 warm dinner rolls with a side of light margarine, then out comes a huge bright green salad with plump cherry tomatoes,green onions and your choice of dressing (I love their ranch).Then comes the juicy perfectly seasoned medium well Ribeye steak with a loaded baked potato.You can get the potato loaded with a mountain of cheese,butter,a dollop of sour cream,fresh cut green onion,bacon bits and if your over the top some sautéed mushrooms.All including the drink for $30.I totally recommend this restaurant to anyone who lives in New Orleans or anyone visiting this is a must eat spot!Seems like there is always a wait at this place. We came by just to grab a drink and there were a bunch of people waiting outside.
We couldn't decide which drink to get so the bartender let us try the different juices they use for the monsoon and port of call. Monsoon is definitely the way to go. The port of call was way too sweet. I felt pretty good after finishing one of these. A nice cold drink to walk around french quarter with.Their slogan should be "good food, no bullshit," cause they don't seem interested in your bs, and they certainly don't bs themselves--especially when it comes to their perfectly made burgers and potatos.
Throughout our talks with locals, we were left under the impression that this place is notorious for long waits, so we thought our best chance would be a monday night.  We lucked out--not only was it not crowded, but the group of four ahead of us on the list didn't have their complete party, so we got seated immediately.  An round of drinks was ordered, the menu considered for all of 2 seconds and when our waitress made her debut, she went through the table in about 30 seconds taking everything down and disappearing into the night.
Port of call makes it easy:  you get one of three steaks with a stuffed tater.  Prefer a burger? then they'll grind the steak into a patty and give you a damn burger with a stuffed tater.  You can get your burger with some combination of nothing, cheese and/or mushrooms, and you tater with those things and/or butter and/or chives and/or sour cream.  Did I mention that the MOST expensive this can get is about $13?
So we wait for our no bs burger and potato platters, and when they arrive, we're looking at one hell of a plate.  And you take a bite, and holy crap, they don't bs!  This is a burger made of quality steak, cooked to perfection, that tastes gourmet even though you're paying next to nothing and eating it in a dive bar.  This is a potato that that's tender and buttery and awesome.
Seriously--no bullshit.This is my favorite pre-French Quarter destination. The menu is simple. Steak burger. Baked potato. Beer. Mixed drinks. That's it!
The food has this strange appeal to it. I think calling it basic does it a disservice, but you can't call it fancy. The baked potato is the template on which baked potatoes everywhere were built. The burger is meat on a bun. There's nothing fancy or unique about it. I consider this a good thing. They don't need to have crazy or weird ingredients on too of their food or go out of their way to serve organic or anything. You don't care about that. You walk in. You sit down. You order a burger. You eat it. You drink. The end. 
Perfect.The best burger you will ever have, hands down. Go loaded spud and burger all the way. Simple and ridiculously delicious. Always packed but it's worth the wait every time! Make sure and try one of their famous drinks too, you get to keep the signature cup.I was told specifically to come to this restaurant and try the Huma Huma drink.  All I can say is dddddddddddddddddddaaaaaaaaaaaaammmmmnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!  That drink snuck up on me and had me tripping lol. I'm typically a bourbon drinker but I am 90% sure that the " Huma Huma" had some type of vodka in it.  I was down for the count lolAlways such a great place to go when I'm in town. I like it b/c it's not touristy like many spots in the FQ. Even when I lived in NOLA, I'd come to Port of Call for a great burger, drink and potato. It really stands the test of time- still as great as it was years ago. 
If you want to go somewhere that's divey but delicious, it's the place to go. Also, their drinks seriously will kick your butt! Probably some of the strongest drinks ever and in giant cups! I cherish my Port of Call cups at home and have several that I've kept for years. Trust me, it's worth the wait at this always busy yet incredibly delicious place! Make sure you try a Humma Humma!! Lastly, compared to many places in the FQ area, the prices are pretty darned decent, especially for the giant plate of food you get!Oh man, who doesn't like a burger served with a freaking baked potato? Their burgers are huge and their baked potatoes are so damn good.
Let's be real, if you're in NOLA, chances are you've been doing a lot of drinking. Feast at Port of Call before OR after all the partying, your body will thank you for it! 
You may be waiting in line for a bit but it's worth the wait. The vibe is extremely chill and if you don't finish your drink, they already serve it in cups to-go so you're all good there. Definitely stop by here if you're visiting NOLA!This restaurant was kitty corner from the hotel my hubby and I stayed at on our last trip to NOLA.  We were tired and hungry, and thought this would be an easy dinner stop.  We got there to find a substantial wait was in store, but didn't feel like walking somewhere else...thank goodness!  The food portions were not only MASSIVE, but absolutely delicious!  No wonder it was busy.  Even though there is good food all over, we came back here twice during our trip.  Great quality, wonderfully tasty food at a reasonable price...love it!Great burgers are a really fun place.  It is very crowded and the wait can be long but the food is delicious and so are the crazy drinks.  They are very good about getting the crowds moving.    They do need another woman's room.  Always a line.I avoided going to Port of Call for a long time, even though I've lived on Esplanade for several months, because it always was packed and even had people waiting outside. I reasoned that the crowd was a confirmation that the grub was OK and I had heard good things! Finally, the other day, on an early afternoon, I poked my head in before the rush and found it half empty so thought I'd stay and have a quick meal. I was pretty shocked at the prices, considering the divey interior: $27-30+ for a steak dinner (there are many charges for "extras" such as cheese) and $12 to $18+ for a burger and baked potato (again, many extra charges are possible to incur) so to be on the safe side, I went for the burger option, in my case a mushroom cheddar burger, no bun, with a baked potato and sour cream.  Although the restaurant was not busy, I waited for about 30 minutes before my order was brought and when delivered, it was not hot but lukewarm indicating either that it had been sitting around getting cold while I was waiting for it or that the chef can't cook. A medium rare burger only cooks for about 4-5 minutes so it has to be served right away while the outside is sizzling. If it is served after having sat on a plate for 10 minutes it is a lot like eating a vaguely warm lump of semi-raw meat - not nice. The baked potato served alongside the burger was also just a little above room temperature, so I don't know if they mass-bake these and then just churn them out or what, but it was not appetizing. Although bacon and chives are complimentary, I must say that I find it extremely excessive to charge $1.75 for a miserly tablespoon of sour cream. It was not enough for the size of the potato. I did speak to my waitress, politely, about my objections to the meal which I only ate half of and she comped my $6.00 cocktail. I took the rest home to heat up in the oven but it wasn't very nice the next day. Even with the discount it was $20 for a pretty disappointing luke-warm, half-raw burger and cold potato. I don't think I will give them another chance. My verdict: overrated, overcrowded and overpriced. Go to Buffas across the street for an excellent burger and awesome atmosphere!When you think places to eat in New Orleans, almost everyone thinks seafood seafood seafood; but this burger gem is located in the big easy.  I always go here every time I'm in New Orleans and have never been disappointed.
Pros
Burgers tasty and filling
Specialty drinks are killer; try the HUMA HUMA!
Cons
NO fries =(Listen to what everyone says and just give this place a shot. The burger could use a little salt but other than that it was great...AND HUGE. I shared it with my boyfriend and I soon wished I had ordered my own just so I wouldn't have to share. My bf said it tasted like a backyard burger from off the grill. So I guess that's a compliment. I noticed my fully loaded potato wasn't as "loaded" as the pictures posted on yelp. That was ok for me though because I really didn't need any more extra calories anyways.Despite the fact that the majority of reviews are from tourists (including myself), I would say that the majority of the people at Port of Call were locals when I dined for lunch on a recent Friday afternoon.  I ordered the mushroom cheeseburger, which for $13.25 is a little on the pricy side in all honesty, but the burgers are large and cooked well.  Perhaps the burger could have used a little bit more seasoning, but it is up there with some of the best I've had.  I'm nitpicking here.
Opted for a salad instead of the baked potato, but the potatoes looked amazing.  This was not on the menu, but offered by our server.
Worth the walk through the FQ.This is a really fun little, crowded place tucked away a block off bourbon street.  Not much on the menu; burgers & steaks.  The food was fabulous.  Great burgers, huge baked potato, great service.  After 2 days of Cajun & seafood, this really hit the spot.We walked in on a Friday around noon and got right in. This menu is VERY limited - burger, cheeseburger, baked potato, steak. Husband and I each had a cheese burger with baked potato, I had a Monsoon (which will get you buzzed half way through-very strong) and he had a small Monsoon and we spent $50. Pricey, good (not great).The burgers are alright, but the baked potato is amazing. Get it with bacon bits, chives, and cheddar. Would go back for the baked potato by itself.Port of Call is a funny restaurant because I don't think it ever meant to be cool - they just want to serve good food at a decent price. This they accomplish very well. I got the mushroom cheeseburger medium rare when I visited and enjoyed it tremendously - the burger was incredibly tender and juicy and cooked correctly. I threw some dijon mustard on there as well and it worked really well - although you may have a hard time telling the sauce bottles apart in the dark of the restaurant. They serve baked potatoes instead of fries, which as far as gimmicks go is very benign, and these are pretty tasty. I got mine with sour cream and chives and enjoyed it. 
My only complaint is that the restaurant is incredibly dark - I went in the middle of the day and it was dark as a cave inside. The menu is simple so you don't need a lot of light to read it but it still creates a weird ambiance. Maybe it's so you can trick over-hyper kids into going down for a nap. 
I'm sure I'll be back next time I'm craving a good burger.This place is a staple for when you come to NOLA.  More than likely, you will wait and probably wait a long time to get in or get seated.  That means you will probably have many drinks while waiting.  The food is good, but not amazing.  However, if you want to be around a good lively crowd that is all about having fun(including the sarcastic bartenders), this is the place to go.This place is perhaps the most well known burger place in New Orleans, I am not sure why its so famous but, well it is. The burgers are cooked to order, and are plenty tasty and juicy, the cheese however is not melted into the meat with the cheeseburger which for me is a failing and your choice of side is limited to a baked spud, no french fries on the menu. The drinks are priced well and its a little dive like decor wise. For sure its not worth the often long lines outside, especially for the price. For the best burger in New Orlean, I suggest Company Burger uptown.Great burgers and baked potato if you don't mind the wait. Last time we were there a creepy guy at the bar was taking pics of some college age girls and posting on Instigram.  Girls complained and bartender asked him to stop. Bartender knew him by name do he was probably a regular creeper. Employee took care of the issue though - good job.Port of Call is a great local dive & a welcome respite from the rest of the tourist throngs & pricey French Quarter meals.  It is a quick walk up Esplanade Ave. from the Quarter.  Yes, it's dark.  Yes, it's a tad dumpy, but that is part of it's local charm.  We did as Yelpers suggested & split a burger, which comes with a baked potato.  The burger was juicy & tasty, and the baked potato was light & fluffy & buttery!  Best baked potato I've had in a long time!  We added cheddar & sour cream to the potato and it came with a very generous serving of each.  The beer selection is ok, but it seems that the thing to do there is to order some tiki-inspired, strong but fruity drinks.  We had beer, but everyone around us had huge cocktails.  Lots of locals here, no tourists but us.  We had read about long lines, but we walked right in at 5:30pm with no wait at all. The meal itself took a little longer than expected to be served, but not too long a wait.  The place is tiny, but I like that they have a limited menu & do a good job at what they do make. A nice change of pace while in NOLA.This place is awesome. Monsoon is super strong. Burger is super good. Baked potato is amazing. If you're visiting NOLA you have to come here. One of the best meals I had during my visitFor everyone that says Port of Call has the best burgers in town, you need to get out more. The burger are not bad, but they are not the best in town. Read some of my other reviews for somewhere to get a truly great burger. The one thing that I do like about their burgers, is that they use shredded cheese instead of sliced cheese. for some reason I like shredded much better on burgers. But, I don't like the baked potato only option. Sometime fries help make a good burger and here you don't even have the option. 
But one thing that Port of Call does right are their drinks! I'm not sure whats they put in the Monsoon or the Huma Huma, but they are delicious. If you are wandering around the quarter, stop by the port bar and grab a go cup and keep walking. I have even made special drive by trips to the quarter just to pick up a monsoon! 
Also note, no separate checks.So, we'd been eating a lot of cajun and a lot of French Creole in New Orleans.  All okay, all awesome actually, but I have to say, somewhat tiresome.  You can't only eat creole, even if it is just four days, so as you can imagine, the cheeseburger craving set in pretty quickly.
I had read about Port of Call on yelp well before we visited NOLA.  I also remember noting that it was super close to our hotel, but as it is a bar with bomb cheeseburgers, I didn't put it on our list because quite frankly, a cheeseburger is something we can get in LA.  I was closely adhering to the while in Rome philosophy...
It turned out, however, that if I truly wanted to feel like a "Roman", I better find a kick ass bar, with some kick ass burgers, because trust me, real NOLA folk are not eating crab au gratin 3x a day.  After our swamp tour and a good 5 hours before our Commander's Palace reservation, our tummies were rumbling and we were dying for something not involving crab or butter.  Then I remembered...PORT OF CALL!
So, we walked the whole exhausting 2 blocks to Port of Call from our hotel, and hopped up on the bar stools.  I started off with some fun rum punch drink, and the bf got something called a Red Turtle.  Yummy cocktails, islandy, you know, sophisticated versions of your typical mai tai.  We also ordered two cheeseburgers and when we were asked how we want our baked potato, we both said "with everything?" Turns out getting it with everything was a stroke of genius, if I may say so myself.
Fast forward 20 minutes and out comes these mountains of cheeseburgers, piled high with the thickest beef patty ever, lettuce, tomato, onion, mushrooms and about 4 inches of shredded cheddar cheese.  I squirted on all types of sauces that were available at the bar, like mayo and bbq sauce, and of course, ketchup.  I then squished my burger down as far as possible and took the biggest little bite I've ever taken.  This is one mighty fine burger.  Mighty fine.
So, if you find yourself in NOLA just aching for all American food, and some islandy cocktails, this is your place.  Oh cheeseburgers...you may indeed be the best food on Earth.Great hamburger! Great cocktails! There was a line outside but we could easily find a place on the bar :)When my husband and I first moved to New Orleans, we were coming here about once a week.
This place is dark and small, and almost always has a wait. And it is worth it!
The menu is no frills, just some steaks, burgers, and baked potatoes.
The bar is sensational.. one tall drink can have you stumbling out the door.. and take one with you in one of their keepsake go cups.
But what I really want to mention, is the FOOD.
Get a cheeseburger and a baked potato.
They cover that baked potato in all the fixins.. including a mountain of cheddar cheese and sour cream. It's simple yet decadent and oh so good. My husband and I always split the burger and potato actually.. It's that big.
The burger is massive and full of flavor piled high with shredded cheddar and it is fresh.
Just go. It's great.It was the end of a long day of French Quarter Festing when we decided that the sun and the walking had gotten to be a little too much and we needed some serious food. This was more hunger than a sample from a fest booth could handle, so we wandered over to Port of Call, since I had never been and my PIC insisted that I try it.
We got here around 5 and, of course, there was a line. However, we decided to just wait for a spot at the bar to open up because I actually like sitting at the bar, and who wants to wait an hour for dinner? Sure enough, after waiting about 20 minutes, we were happily seated at the bar and ordering our food.
I got the cheeseburger topped with everything, including a nice pile of cheese and I got the baked potato topped with everything including bacon bits. The cheeseburger was delicious! Granted, I am speaking from the vantage point of someone who was starving, but I found it very fresh, cooked perfectly and "hype" worthy. The baked potato was good as well, but I think next time I won't get bacon bits only because they didn't really "do it" for me.
The staff here is super friendly and cool and, considering the crowd they are dealing with, they get to you really fast- we didn't have to wait to order once we were ready. Although Company Burger still holds onto it's spot for "Marielle's favorite NOLA burger",  I will definitely be back to Port of Call. I have yet to try one of those monsoons- once I made it here after FQF I was no longer in the mood for sugary drinks. Next time.The food here is great! I wanted a steak for my birthday and they did not disappoint. The salad that comes with it is massive and delicious, and I love the bread. The service wasn't great and I didn't love the atmosphere - it was very dark and loud, more like a standard bar - but the food was enough to still earn 4 stars!Love this dive! One of the best burgers I've ever had. Have been coming here for years and it never lets down. The 2-hour line around the corner on a Saturday night says enough. Noon-3 would be the best time. Was there earlier this week and was compelled to write a review because I was reminded why I keep going back, the food is simple yet so good.  The staff this time around was not the nicest but the food is worth the lackluster customer service. Perhaps, she just needed a break.The best burger of my life. Everytime I return and everytime they are fantastic. Served with baked potato, fully loaded is my favorite. The burgers are served on the rarer side so order one step up from the usually choice.  Long, long wait all the time. So make time for this stop
Watch out for the Monsoon's- much stronger than the Hurrican.This is a very good burger place. Not small but also not too big. The burger is charred just the right amount to give it a nice smokey flavor. Also, even if you order it well done, it's still juicy. It comes with only two additional options, cheese and mushrooms. No fries, just a baked potato.
I really loved that they hand-grated the cheddar. It just gives it a nice texture when you're eating it as opposed to using pre-shredded cheese.
The service is pretty curt. It's a very no frills place. Still, one of the better burgers I've had.One of the best burgers around. There's nothing fancy, just an abundance good quality ingredients prepared with respect. I see that at least one reviewer reports that the portions are small, but that was not my experience at all. The place is on the dirty side, but hey, this is Nawlins.
I've been there a few times, but my favorite experiences have been going there by myself and sitting at the bar. There's something about that place that just makes people friendly and open. The conversations I got into at that bar have been "colorful" to say the least. 
Order just one hurricane, and you'll be staggering out of the place. Their drinks would be illegal in Utah.If you are in New Orleans you have to stop by here and have the Huma Huma drink. The night we went here it was extremely packed but we were able to get our drinks in a  reasonable amount of time. This drink is will sneak up on you so its probably best that you don't try to drink more than one!This place has a very simple menu--steaks & burgers served with baked potatoes (no fries). They have limited choices, but they do it well!  I was a bit uncertain about the burger/baked potato combo but i was quite pleasantly surprised. If you want a HUGE juicy burger this is your place--especially if you like mushrooms, they serve a yummy mushroom burger!  Fun atmosphere and friendly service make it a great place to eat.I have searched far and wide for the best burger... THIS IS IT!   The flavor of the meat is incredible, perhaps because the meat is ground fresh daily . We order the burgers medium and they are always cooked to perfection.  
We sit at the bar, bartenders, Shay and Pat are amazing! They are witty and attentive, make fabulous drinks as well!
The establishment has dim lighting and is crowded with patrons waiting for tables and bar spots lined against the walls.... #tradition.  This is exacerbated with dismal weather! Embrace the experience!
There are no reservations, first come, first served ..., so when you are seated you deserve this experience, so enjoy!
If you are ordering to go please keep in mind the events going on around town. If things are quiet it will
Be fast and friendly. If you are ordering at a busy time expect a wait. Rest assured it will be worth it!!!
Love, love, sweet, juicy beef love... all I have for this place!This place is a joint but it serves the best damn burger I ever had and throw in the naked potato and you're in heaven.First time to NOLA.  Atmosphere was ok.  LOTS of honey booboo looking people and tons of douchbags inside.  You will know what I mean when you step in.  
The Mushroom Cheeseburger and Baked potato were good, however not the best.  Five Guys is definitely superior and has them beat by a huge margin, hands down.Monsoon + burger + baked potato = drunk food coma.
The Monsoon is so alcohol filled...that we always have seconds!! We now use the plastic cups at the lake and they are perfect!
The burger has been shrinking in size since Katrina...I can think of 2 size differences (getting smaller and smaller..) in the last few years.
The baked potato is the best darn potato ever. I come in from Alberta...Canada! Just to eat the baked potato.
Service is fabulous, the waiters/tresses, bartenders and all the staff are a total pleasure!! 
We have been coming here for years, and we will keep coming back.Port Of Call has, very likely, THE BEST burger I've ever had... and I search for "the best burger" everywhere I travel. I don't care that this place is a total dive and has mediocre - poor service. This burger knocks my socks off, and I can't figure out why. It's so simple, but it's absolutely perfect. The baked potato is really good too, but the only thing I would change is for them to offer real bacon as opposed to bacon bits. 
This place is a must for anyone who likes perfectly cooked, perfectly simple burgers.This place is like Sam The Butcher. It brings Alice the meat!! 
Although all I had was a burger, it was mighty tasty. I didn't go for the super stacked baked potato as we were just starting off the night and didn't want to overfill. So, word of advice, unless you want to be rolling down Decatur or Royal or Burbon, maybe consider splitting the burger and potato. It really is a lot of food. 
Anyway, back to the review. The burger was awesome!! Thick, cooked just right (medium for me) and juicy as a $12 Alaskan hooker. The only thing that is keeping this review from being a full 5 stars.... The wait. I realize that I was there during Jazz Fest, but it was a Wend. at nearly 10 O'Clock. So, if you do find yourself waiting an hour like I was, talk a stroll over to Cosimo's and have a beer. You'll be glad you did.All I can say is OFF THE CHARTS! One of my best friends told me i had to try it and I am so glad I did. It is an ABSOLUTE MUST if you are in New Orleans!As a vegetarian, I was skeptical when my friend insisted we go here on the merits of the baked potato alone. But I stood corrected - Port Of Call has a damned fine potato. Get it with the works (veggie peeps - they use bacos, so load it up!) and you will not be disappointed. Or hungry for a good 8 hours.The restaurant just opened up on a Saturday morning and we were able to walk right in.  The mushroom burger was fantastic, the potato was large and had bacon bits and chives.  Staff checked in 2 or 3 times to refill our sodas.  Great atmosphere!I give this place 5 Stars in the category of burger joints.  I loved this place.  For $11.00 I get a full meal. A good sized he pound burger with all the trimmings and a loaded baked potato.
You'll love this place.  Quiet, off the beaten path with an interesting nautical decor.Port of Call is located on beautiful Esplanade Avenue near the French Quarter. The restaurant is popular amongst locals and tourists. The restaurant is nautical-themed. They have tropical, delicious-looking cocktails. Service was a bit slow. The mushroom burger was a hefty sized burger. I thought the patty could've used more seasoning and unfortunately, the mushrooms tasted canned. 
The burger comes with a side of baked potato. You can add chives and bacon to your potato for free. Who doesn't enjoy baked potato? It is great comfort food. Overall, my experience felt mediocre. Nothing was amazing enough for me to proclaim that I am a fan. I have a handful of other burger places I'd go before going back here. However, I'm glad I got a chance to check out the popular Port of Call!My wife and I had so much fun at this amazing little bar. great food, great drink (dangerously great drinks) and very reasonable pricing! We hung out at the bar and were overwhelmed with the friendly vibe in this restaurant. Everyone was having a great time and this was one of our favorite stops while on vacation in New Orleans. I would definitely come back, and often.The food was not good and they charged $2.50 just to add sour cream and cheese and the baked potato. The burger was bland and the restaurant is dimmed in the inside. The monsoon was yummy but if you're in the mood for a good burger I would recommend 5 Guys instead.I've been waiting MONTHS to get back to port of call. This is my second time there. The owner (I think he's the owner) is the sweetest man ever! We sat at the bar and he gave all of my friends a shot on him! Not only that, he cut down the prices of the first round of shots.  Then out comes our amaaaaaazing burger and big baked potato. Wow, I might get it again before heading back to Ohio. This is seriously a place to go in NOLA. I highly suggest it!!I came here with some friends after my brother-in-law said this was a great place to check out in New Orleans.  We got there just after 12 and had ~1 hr wait, so don't come starving.
My husband and I shared the mushroom cheeseburger and a simple potato (~$13) with bacon bits and chives (other toppings cost extra).  The burger was fantastic...cooked medium, the perfect amount of cheese, and I loved the mushrooms.  The potato was pretty darn good too.  I ate most of the toppings and had to ask for more for my husband's half of the potato...oops.  I also had a goombay punch with coconut rum, and other fruity things.  The small size ($5.50) is served in a glass...I should've asked for a bigger size to go because I felt left out from all the other diners drinking from the big plastic cups with lids. :P
Service is pretty slow, so I wouldn't recommend this place for a quick meal.  If you have time for a leisurely lunch though, it's a good option.I have been here a couple of times trying to give them the benefit of the doubt. I would hear people raving about how awesome "Port of Call" is, but i have never seen what the big deal was. I am a local and i try to eat at local restaurants, lived around New Orleans all of my life. Let me start with the burgers, they taste like someone opened a large container of ground beef, portioned a thick patty and threw on the grill. No seasoning at all, they ask you what your preference for how well done its cooked. Pick one level higher it tends to be on the more raw side of the scale. The way they make there burgers are typical from every other burger joint. Now to the steaks, i will admit in the past i had an great fillet, but someone brought it home and gave to me, it was seasoned good and cooked the way i like it Med Rare to Rare. The Salad was good, make with buttermilk so it was thick and had great taste. The last time i went there i got a rib-eye, my stepfather got the fillet, i went to grab for the A-1 (Which i never put on steaks ) and he was already using it. Neither steak had any taste just plain meat. My wife said her steak was ok but she was also drunk from the strong specialty drinks they serve. I would have given 3 stars, but the place is very tight for room so you will be elbow to elbow with everyone or standing outside, Parking is a tuff so good luck, i guess the experience of the place and people make it better. One thing on its own and it kinda sucks. I guess i would recommend someone to eat here if they were in the neighborhood, but i wouldn't recommend if they are more then 2 miles away.Seriously you can not go wrong with this place. It is one of my local favorites and many others as well. Almost always a wait but definitely worth it.Great burgers, great atmosphere.  We love going here everytime we are in town.  Usually have to wait about 30 minutes for a table but its worth it.  We love starting off a Saturday getting all Monsooned up before we hit Bourbon St., highly recommend.Massive portions of food! I ordered the Mushroom-Cheeseburger with a baked potato and all the fixins' , was able to finish about 3/4 of my potato and about 4 bites of the burger haha Delicious! You get 4 stars from me and I would've given 5 had the waitress not told us our drinks were on the way and then proceeded to make us wait an additional 20 minutes before coming back over to the table and realizing that she had forgotten to ever bring us our drinks. We will be back for sure though.Best burger in the world hands down. A lot of people complain about a burger that is so simple, butt that's the beauty of port of call no frills, no gimmicks just kick ass burgersThis place is me and my people go to spot. The drinks are strong and good and the food is even better. The price is is on the high side but you get what you pay for and that is fresh meat. There burgers are really good and cooked to be juicy. The place is small so this is not really a weekend spot. Weeknights are slower than weekends so that's your best bet to get a good meal. Overall good quality.I couldn't think of a better venue!  My wife and I were here in January 2015 and had a delicious hamburger and monsoon.  The burger was cooked to order with a baked potato.  My wife and I both ordered the burgers and they were amazing!  There was a 30 minute wait for a table but if you were lucky enough like we were, we got a spot at the bar.  Bartenders were VERY friendly.
I would walk back just for the monsoon.  It was excellent.  I enjoyed the fact it wasn't in the Bourbon Street craziness either.  Great place, definitely worth the stop!The food is always good. Best burgers in town they say.  I would agree but, why get a burger if your visiting NOLA?   Hear there is a lot of big issues there as well from colleagues and friends.   Don't be surprised if you see rats running around while you eat in the dimly lit atmosphere.   There is almost always a wait as well.Hands down the best burger I've ever eaten! It made the wait in line, the flies, the cramped seating arrangements, and the slight smell of sewer seem trivial. I grew up seeing those huge Port of Call cups around the house but since it's not the most family friendly place in the world I was never taken on the monthly excursions. So Port of Call became a sort of taboo in my mind, needless to say I desperately wanted to go. Years passed and we moved but I never forgot about P.O.C. So last year on a family trip to N.O. I slyly suggested we take a trip to "That burger place I could never visit when I was 6". Finally after 15 years of waiting I tasted my first P.O.C burger and it did not dissapoint. I'm pretty sure the time spent longing for it served as a seasoning, but even without the side of lust it's a great burger. It comes with a baked potato (also delicious) and you shouldn't pass up the Monsoon it's better than the Hurricane in my humble opinion. Also keep in mind it's not a four star dining experiance, dress accordingly.If you love the idea of dunking a freezed potato in sugar water mixed with rubbing alcohol in a room that's so dark so you can't see the cockroaches walking around, THIS IS THE SPOT FOR YOU. If you are a horrible tourist, please, come here, stay forever, you have found your home and none of us want you anywhere that actually serves hamburgers.My review is for the restaurant only, I didn't have much experience with the bar area. 
I was totally "that person" and got the salad. Which, of course was done up in true southern fashion loaded with ham, cheese, lots of veggies and a soup bowl (seriously) full of Ranch. 
Friends got the burgers, perfectly smoky-no frills-big beef patties. 
Service was decent for how busy it was, and we were pretty packed in there- but there is less wait if you can fit more people inside. It's all about sacrifices people. Like sacrificing a burger for a soup-bowl of ranch.Great burger and potato.  Very simple and to the point.  Cool little spot that is definitely recommended.  Street parking can be a hassle.Got there at noon on a Sunday and the line was out the door. Waited about 45 minutes and it was well worth the wait. Fits the classic dive bar look and fell but that's what makes it all the better! Insanely tasty burger and potato (no fries). The Monsoon's are well poured and as others have said, one is all you need.  Definitely on the lunch list for every return trip to NOLA.Good food for the value. Service was a bit slow which surprised us because we got there before the wave. I'd rather eat here than the overpriced Mr John's Steakhouse.This is the best burger place in New Orleans, and one of the best places to get a steak.  We have been eating here regularly since we bought a place in the quarter right after Katrina.  The folks that work there immediately made us feel welcome.  We normally sit at the bar, and have rarely heard any complaints, save one time when folks had been there for a few hours and were asked to leave, and they left swearing.
Most of the complaints I have seen seem extremely unrealistic.  We spend about three months of the year in New Orleans, and eat there at least twice a week.  We have always gotten the burgers - which are big, exactly as we order them.  I have tried all the steaks they have, and as with my burgers, I like them medium rare - rare.  And I always ask the wait staff how I should order in order to get rare, as sometimes it depends on the chef.
Its an eclectic bar, and we always have fun being there.  The music is good, and we are always entertained by the various folks coming in.  We always try to get there early ( when they open at 11AM), which is part of the key to having a great time there.  If you only go when the crowds are huge, what do you expect  when your burger might be one of fifty coming out?  But always you will get friendly service, when you are friendly.
The drinks are relatively inexpensive, as is the burger.  The steak is a steal for the price, considering you get salad, rolls, and a great baked potato as you like it.  The Fillet is the best, and is fat and tender when rare to medium rare - don't complain if you get it well done and its smaller than the person's next to you.
When I see one and two star ratings, I pretty much just assume they are folks that either own other restaurants, or folks that were asked to leave.Amazing burgers and drinks. Real old school NOLA. Do not pass up this experience 
Real time burgersBest cheeseburger I've ever had. 5 stars.
Cooked medium rare and to perfection. Loaded with shredded cheddar cheese, fresh lettuce, tomato, and onion, you add all the sauces at the table. 
Definitely will be back when visiting NOLA again.Not impressed. Burger was dry and not flavorful. Baked potatoes had imitation bacon bits and lots of toppings. Had a better burger at yo mamasSuper tasty burger, nice baked potato, good drinks.  The vibe is pleasantly divey, service was a bit too restrained to match with the rest.  A little odd that there are no fries, but you can still get your potatoes baked.The cheeseburger and baked potato were really tasty but service was absolute crap. My friend and I waited at the door for 10 minutes to be seated, not because it was busy (only 3 tables in use), but because the waitress never looked over. She never checked in with us, never refilled water, had the table next to us complain about how it was taking them 15 min to get her attention just to ask for the check... and it was the same for us. Like where was she? How did she never bother to just glance at her other tables in the rare moments she came down? Was she tripping on acid at work and trying to avoid people?? I was so confused.
When we walked out we noticed she was chatting up a regular and a coworker by the bar. UghIf you want the best burger you will ever taste in your life, make the trek to Port of Call!! Take my advise and pay the money for the cheese. It's not a slice, but a mound of deliciousness! Be prepared to waddle out of there. It's great for a filling meal and won't break your budget!Omg!!!!!! This is one place any one should visit. The food is to die for and the baked potato is the best. You can't go wrong the this place.  Thank you.......I was there some time ago for one of their admittedly fabulous burgers. The place was dark, overcrowded, and loud. I noted one of the kitchen staff brought out a burger for someone at the bar. While I was standing there, a cockroach crawled out from under the bar and began to crawl across the plate of food. I pointed this out to the bartender (as discreetly as I could), and he came over and flicked it off the plate and served it anyway. The same day, I noted a rat running through the crowd in the restaurant, but it was so dark and crowded and loud, nobody but me noticed. Horrifying.Best burger ever. Monsoon tastes better than hurricane!!!The burger and baked potato was ok... Nothing special and I've had better...I was surprised to see how desolate this place was when we arrived on a Wednesday evening but, it was a pleasant surprise since I wanted quick food and drinks.
Burger with Baked Potato:  The burger was cooked to the medium temperature that I ordered and it was juicy with plenty of toppings.  The baked potato had bacon bits on it and I mean bacon bits from a container (fake bacon bits) and honestly I didn't even know they sold these anymore.  I am surprised that a restaurant can't just make their own but, I think it probably adds to the charm of this place.  It was good but, was it worth the price?  The answer is probably not.  So what do you come here for?  The huge ass potent drinks that's what.
Neptune's Monsoon:  Sweet baby Jesus is there a warning label on this drink?  No!  Should there be?  Yes!  I had one in the restaurant and one to go.  Do I remember most of the night?  No!  Was it worth it?  Um YES!!!!  The best thing about a well-made cocktail that is too strong for consumption is when you can't taste the booze.  Beware this leads to nasty sugar withdrawal hang overs!  Would I do it again?  Yes I will next time I am in NOLA.  Why?  Because sometimes you just need a strong drink and a case of the drunks that doesn't cost you a $60.00 bar tab.
Mushrooms:  We ordered the side order of mushrooms that were supposed to be in a burgundy wine sauce but, I would pass on them since the flavor isn't cooked into the mushrooms and just in the broth.
Is this place a tourist trap type place spotted with locals warming bar stools sometimes?  Yes but, you have to do it once just for the drinks at least!  You may not remember the night but, you have a to go souvenir cup that will remind you that you drank here!
Phenomenal service from our server by the way!I placed a to go order and Pat, my server kept giving me a hard time and I kept throwing it back at him. I waited a good while waiting on my food but Pat kept checking in on me to make sure I was ok. He's tall and kind of geeky looking but a sweat heart l.I'm a huge fan of burgers. Whether it be Huey's in Memphis, or Blanc in Kansas City, everywhere I've lived I have tried to find the best burger joint. Port of Call is my favorite in New Orleans. 
I'm totally fine with the small space and the long wait. Don't huff that it's an hour long, put your name down and enjoy the scenery outside while you wait, or go somewhere else. 
The restaurant is small and dark, which is something I prefer over white-walled cafeteria-like burger places I often find myself wishing I hadn't gone in. They've got a decent bar and a few tvs, so it's a great place to be when you want to catch a game. 
But on to the burgers! The menu is small, it's steak and burgers, which is all it needs to be. The burgers come piled high with toppings, and the patty itself is thick, juicy and always well cooked. Get a baked potato, get everything on it, just do it.
I always leave here completely full, in need of a nap and cursing myself for breaking my diet. Then I run a few miles extra, and check the scale until I can go back again.This place is as good as Bartley's Burger Cottage in Harvard Square. The Monsoon is a must-try, but you're going to need to take a taxi home after...It is my favorite NOLA beverage.
Two cheeseburgers and two monsoons is $44.45 (including tax), so it's on the expensive side, but it is worth it.The burgers and baked potatoes here are fantastic and everybody knows it. There is no shortage of celebrities stopping in here for a discreet burger. The place had enough reviews that I wasn't even going to comment on it but I read the first review and saw the statement, 
 " First of all let's get it out of the way that the service blows. BUT that being said the service in New Orleans is rude nearly everywhere."
   This is just silly. New Orleans is world renowned for its overall first class service industry and the majority of the people there are more than friendly and accommodating. I imagine that Blair B. has in-laws from NOLA  and since she can't complain about the NOLA food( it's too good) , she will pick on the service. Just my opinion ..... See you next Tuesday.Love this place. it's kinda a dive but the people, food and drinks make it all worth it. The staff is wonderful and make you feel very welcomed. I had the strongest drink of my whole trip here. 
The burgers and baked potatoes were great too. You have to eat here when in New Orleans.So funny, we went all the way to N'Awlins and my husband said this was probably his best meal there!!!
Port of Call is way on the edge of the French Quarter which is a good thing because all the walking helped assuage the guilt from all the fat & fried foods we ate.
What a fun little divey place with a nautical theme! I can't even imagine how dark it is when it's night time. We went for lunch. Sat right up at the bar. Service was great. We all had their classic burgers and baked potatoes. Why mess with anything else? The burgers were super juicy (unfortunately mine was made medium despite my request for medium well) and the buns were really good - soft & fresh! The baked potatoes were big, creamy and loaded! Whoo hoo!Really good burger!!! And the roasted potatoes are delicious. Super nice environment. However I got my burger to go and it took longer than if you were to dine in. The place can get crowded.Burgers were good. Pizza was pretty mediocre (possibly something frozen and reheated). But the best part was the drinks (the monsoon was good but the Goombah was better).A friend raved about the burgers here but being from Texas, which I think is burger capital, it just didn't stack up.  The burger was alright but nothing to write home about.  However, the baked potato...that is worth coming for.  I hadn't had a baked potato in so long and this was amazing!  
The entire meal though...worth sharing as it's too much for one person in my opinion.
Service was shotty though...She only came by to take our order and give checks...never checked in or refilled drinks.The best place we ate in New Orleans. Couldn't decide what was better the baked potato or the cheeseburger.A trip to New Orleans without hitting Port of Call is like a trip to Amsterdam without hitting the red light district.....just doesn't make sense. This is truly a hole in the wall that turns out some fantastic burgers! Be prepared to wait for at least 30 minutes no matter what time of day so just order a Monsoon from the bar and the next thing you know they're calling your name and you're wondering if you can walk to the table. 
On to the food. These burgers are supposedly a half pound but I would beg to differ. With all the fixins including mushrooms I would guess its about 3/4 of a pound meat and 1/4 pound toppings. They're awesome though and served with a huge baked potato. This meal is definitely one you could share unless you want to travel down bourbon in a pedicab for the rest of the day!Totally mediocre food. Dark restaurant. Not sure what all the hype is about. Check your dirty silverware before you eat.So I ate here on a recent visit and it did not involve 109 beers, 10 monsoons, etc etc. 
Still my favorite burger in New Orleans. Walked in about 2:00pm and it was still crowded. Best part about not traveling with friends and being by yourself? I sat at the bar without any wait, got a burger, a beer, and it was heaven.Serves the best hamburgers in Southeast Louisiana and probably the entire country. Typically I order a cheeseburger cooked medium and have my baked potato covered in cheese, butter, chives, and sour cream. The best alcoholic drink to get here is the Monsoon which will usually get you drunk just on the first round, and it only costs about $10. When I eat at Port of Call I often see people come in just to buy a Monsoon to go. Although I enjoy eating here, I never go there on the weekends. Just not worth the wait for me.They didn't take our card here because they don't accept Discover, BUT they didn't flinch when I didn't have the cash for a tip! They are friendly, and the drinks are amazing! Please tip well cause we couldn't !!! Amazing place!!Cheeseburger was really good. Not a huge fan of baked potato, but they had no other option. Monsoon drink was really good and strong. Had a really good buzz for hours after finally finishing it!If u like eating hockey pucks on a bun then you are in luck! The burgers are always too thick, over cooked and dried out. Port-o-Call used have the best burgers before the storm but sadly they have lost their touch. However the drinks are still stiff and the atmosphere is always fun & friendly!This is my favorite place to eat in New Orleans. This is always the first stop when i visit. Normal protocol for me and the Mr. is 2 Mushroom burgers and 2 loaded baked potatoes and of course 2 Monsoon's to consume while there and 2 two go. Taking two to go makes the walk back to the hotel seem like it only took 5 minutes to get there. I'm going back in September and I can't wait. I'm hungry!Definitely off the beaten path, and a local favorite.  Great burgers but make sure you get there early.Had pretty high expectations from recommendations/other Yelp reviews.
The waitress was very nice and accommodating; we had very quick service. Unfortunately, I wasn't a huge fan of the burger. I asked for medium well and received medium rare. There is a $2 up-charge for cheese to be added. It isn't sliced cheese, but a glob of shredded Cheddar. 
Overall, it was good but nothing memorable.Yes - make it happen!  This place makes a great burger! Big, thick and juicy with plenty of shredded cheddar piled on top. Burgers come with a baked potato on the side instead of fries, which is kinda a nice change of pace. Service was quick. The place looks a little dirty and dumpy, but I suppose that adds to the charm. Bloody mary's received rave reviews from our party, although I cannot comment firsthand.Fun place to go while in NOLA.  Gotta get the monsoon, burger and baked potato. Warning there are long waits. Ambiance is dark, old Louisiana and fun.  The vibe is smoking hot.  Food is alright and drinks have a kick.  It's a fun experience.Such great burgers and the baked potato was on point! All the Hawaiian words used for the drinks were misspelled, not sure if that is on purpose or not?One of the Best Hamburgers in the World!!  A little wait and cramped, but worth every minute.  Try the Bloody Mary - incredible with a spicy pickled green bean garnish.    It may look like a dive, but it is the best hamburger in New Orleans.  Can't wait to get back to NOLA.  I would give it 5 and 1/2 stars if a could. Geaux treat yourself.Definately my favorite place to start a night on the town.  Fill up on delicious burgers and potatoes.  Be careful of the tropical drinks they've got, as their strong, but decent if you're having a meal with it.  I usually stick to having a beer with the burger though.
It's a bit tough if you're going during prime dinner hours, about a 45m-1h wait if it's filled.  But being in New Orleans, just grab a drink and mingle outside with all the others waiting.  Even spending 45 minutes standing around outside, I've had a good time here. 
And for the great food, you can't beat the location, just a hop skip and jump away from either the Quarter or Frenchmen st.
Seating is typical tables of 4.  Larger groups will have a bit more trouble fitting in, but they'll work with you if you're willing to wait.My experience here was ok. I felt the burger lacked flavor. "Bacon" for the baked potato was no more than imitation bacon bits which was disappointing. Over priced cheeseburger meal IMO.I DO NOT understand how this place is considered or even claims to have "the best burgers"! They are horrible! Tasteless, Fall apart. Just bad all around. I got the steak and it needed a lot of salt which i added and taste a lot better. My two friends got the burgers, how can you F**k up a Cheeseburger! It had ZERO flavor, and began to fall apart after the first bite! I was glad i did not go with a burger. Service was not good either. My steak came with a side salad, when it came the waitress handed it to me not put it down on the table. I don't even want to write about this place any longer.
Just do yourself a favor and DO NOT GO!I can't even give this place any rating because I wasn't "allowed" to eat there.  Walked in with a friend (we're locals) and stood in a line of people behind the bar waiting to get a table, no hostess in sight.  the line moved forward with people getting seated in order they arrived.  Suddenly I notice a "hostess" taking peoples names starting at the end of the line.  I moved down and mentioned that all the people at the front of the line had not been able to give there names but we were here first.  she took our names and then proceeded to seat people according to the incorrect way she had started the list as opposed to seating in the order people arrived.  I tried to rectify this situation, not just for myself but everyone who had been skipped over (at least 10 people).  Even the people she sat out of order knew they had been skipped ahead and offered to wait but she INSISTED they take the table because she didn't want to admit she was wrong.  We asked to speak to a manager, who I later found out was just another waitress they sent over to pretend to be a manager.  they gave us the next table, and then the waitress refused to wait on us!  Obviously, a place where the inmates are running the asylum.   A decent manager would have simply sent another person to wait on us, not let a $2.13 an hour employee dictate who she would or wouldn't wait on!   I could go on and on about even more inappropriate and rude things that were said to me.   These folks get by on reputation alone.  For an $11 burger I have to wait 30 minutes to get a table  and then to be treated like a liar instead of a paying customer with a legitimate complaint?  You will never, ever get my money again or any of my friends if I can help it.  do yourself a favor and suspend or fire the blond waitress and the one with the short dark hair who was working this morning.  Or at the very least have a hostess stand at the door and take names in order... you guys are too busy not to have a better system.   To me it appeared a waitress was doubling as the hostess which is obviously not an efficient system when you always have a line out the door.
after 20 years in the restaurant business, I certainly know better than to treat any customer the way myself and all the other people who were waiting were treated today.  The staff you had on today obviously don't know anything about the customer is always right, especially when they ARE right!!!  The proper way to handle that would have been to apologize to me and then to the people you were seating out of order, offer to buy us all a round of drinks and send the people who should been last to be seated back to wait behind all the people who came in before them.
How hard is that?  Obviously much easier for your staff to piss off an entire group of people and make the people who did get the table uncomfortable and look like bad guys while they sit and eat.   Take it from someone who knows customer service, the best opportunity you have to impress people in a situation like this is to handle it properly and chances are people are happier at the end then they would have been if the situation never happened.  Live and learn rookies, live and learn.Best burgers an potato to be found. Great to go to a place and quality is the same for 30 + years.Came here on a Saturday night around 9pm and told that it would be an hour wait, which turned out to be only a 20 minute wait. Port of Call has a dive bar atmosphere (dark, noisey) but has great service. The menu is simple and takes out the guess work (either burgers or steak, served with baked potato), but the burger is the thing that they're known for. The cheeseburger is serves with a heap of shredded cheddar cheese, which I expected to melt from the heat of the burger. I think melted cheese makes for a better burger than "raw" cheese. I base my review on burgers from Five Guys and NYC's Shake Shack. I can't complain, Port of Call is a great place, but it's not the best burger ever.While in NOLA, came out to this place as it was highly recommended by locals. I had to try their signature drink, the monsoon. The drink took me back to my college days as it tasted like Cisco. Cisco is not a very good memory for me lol. Drink is strong so make sure to eat prior to.
I did not stay and eat because the place to me is too small. Everyone seems to be on top of each other.  If you are claustrophobic, this is not the place for you. It also didn't feel like a friendly atmosphere. First establishment while being in NOLA that wasn't friendly.I came in, grabbed my Monsoon drink and headed out to Bourbon Street & The French Quarter with a nice buzz! If you're in New Orleans, and you don't grab this drink before exploring Bourbon Street- then you're doing it wrong! Grab the Monsoon!The reputation of this place is very good.  But let me share my experience there, on Sunday evening, September 4th, 2016.  Me and 6 friends, for a total group of 7, planned to eat at this legendary restaurant.  We were happy to wait for a table.  We waited almost an hour, when the hostess told us we were at the top of the list to be seated but because of our group size we had to wait for a table that was finishing in the back room.  Then, two tables side by side opened up, and the hostess said, "would you mind breaking up into two groups of 4 and 3"?  We said sure that would work.  We all starting sitting down, when another woman, came up and starting screaming at us, "you can't sit here."  We told her the hostess told us to sit there.  So she went out and had a off-duty sheriff come and actually escort us off the tables, another employee had told us to sit at.  The off duty sheriff was actually polite,  This was madness.  We had been told to sit there, and were now being escorted out by a sheriff.  And they then sat two tables of 2 people.  We did eventually get seated at large table in the back.  Several meals came out very undercooked, including my burger, which was literally raw in the middle, even thought I'd asked for medium. I didn't even bother to ask for it to be cooked.  This place may have a good reputation, but they really dropped the ball on Sunday September 4th, and me and 6 other people have no intention of ever spending a dime at this place again.  Be warned.If you want a great burger in New Orleans, you must visit Port of Call. I was taken there several years ago by a coworker that went to school at Tulane. We had been in town all week on business and were tired of hotel food. This is the first place that came to his mind when we asked for a good burger.  OH, WAS HE RIGHT! This was seriously one of the best burgers I have ever eaten. Big, juicy and cooked just right. I try to visit whenever I am in town.
It's a little out of the way in you are at the convention center, but worth the trip.
They don't do separate checks, so try to figure your cost BEFORE ordering a drink. You'll have a hard time later. ;)Simple short menu of food...basically get the burger with a loaded potato.  Some nice specialty drinks.  Monsoon is a classic and it comes in giant plastic go cup.  If you from out of town then I guess it is worth reading the review but most locals know this joint and it is a classic burger and spud spot for years.  Dark atmosphere and very unique and small yet comfortable dining area.  Just expect a lot of drunk tourist as well."Drink your dinner" is the rule that should be observed here. The drinks are all fruity, yummy and boozey, a great change of pace from well vodka and sodas. Atmosphere is pretty rad, but I'm a sucker for fish aquariums.
The food, especially for New Orleans, is overrated. Unless you fall for the big portions gimmick, you'll probably feel the same way. There's just nothing special here. 
If I were visiting for a weekend (or a week), this place would be totally missable. And if you find yourself hungry and outside Port of Call, go in for a drink in a go cup and slurp it down on your walk to a good restaurant.Excellent burgers served with a yummy baked potato. Their menus is limited to burgers & steaks both served with baked potatoes.  A nice variety of toppings for the potatoes- my husband had bacon bits & chives, I like mine plain, it came with heaps of butter.  Quaint bar with tables, good service.  It's worth making a effort to dine here.Came here during Halloween weekend. The wait was supposed to be an hour but only took 30 minutes. The atmosphere is relaxed and causal. The place is small but trust me, it's worth squeezing into. I had a burger with cheddar cheese and a baked potato with sour cream, chives and bacon.....everything was phenomenal!! Also had a Monsoon, which was amazing and strong! Definitely must come here if you are in NOLA.Ok, I'll admit it....I'm a lightweight. I should have known better than to order a Monsoon, but I did it anyway, under peer pressure. I should have known, at only $10, that I was drinking cheap rum and sugar water. It tasted yummy while sitting at the bar. Just be careful when you stand up off that bar stool. I think the best (or most accurate) review I read of the drink called it a "sleeper." Mos' def'.Still hands down the best burger I've had at a restaurant. The fact that it comes with a baked potato is just a cherry on top. The drinks are pretty good as well. Me and my fiance shared a monsoon and we were both satisfied. The only bad part is that they do not take reservations, so you never know how long you have to wait for a table. Love going to Nola to visit Port of Call!!!!!If you're on Yelp, then you probably like reading reviews. And if you're looking at reviews for Port of Call, you probably like burgers. And if you like both of those things, then you've probably seen the video review for Five Guys Burgers and Fries... if you haven't, watch it - it's hilarious. 
Why do I bring this up? Because at Port of Call, you don't get fries with your burger... no, no. YOU GET A WHOLE BAKED POTATO.
Yes, in case the half-pound of tender and juicy ground beef wasn't enough, you get an entire baked potato. Are you reading this? I'll write it again. AN ENTIRE BAKED POTATO. If you don't get the point now, you'll definitely get it when your done. I was so full. So worth it.
Dive kind of atmosphere which gives it some charm. Be sure to order an Abita Amber to whet your whistle. Then mull over your burger selection (I went with the mushroom cheeseburger for $13.25). Then think about how much you want on your WHOLE baked potato. I went with the whole package (cheese, chives, bacon bits, sour cream).
Wait for the food while enjoying the crisp, slightly malty Abita Amber... receive your food, devour it, slump over the table as if you are entering into a deep sleep (you might actually do this), and then walk back to Bourbon St. and stop at Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop for a Hurricane.
#NOLA 2013Oh yes! Port of Call. We were taken there last night by relatives, longtime French Quarter bar owners. They love the place and so do I. It was busy busy busy, but we found a place to grab a drink by the bar and waited for our table.
The service was cheerful and quick. Nice people work there. If you're looking for fancy, this isn't it. If you're looking for Creole or Cajun food, this isn't it. If you're looking for a seriously good steak served without pretense, you've come to the right place. $30 get you a monster filet, salad and baked potato. Or a similarly well endowed rib eye or New York Strip -- which is what I had. I skipped the baked potato, but my wife said hers what exactly as expected. I like that.
Our dining companions said their bars were closed on Sundays and their ritual on those days was to belly up to the bar, have steak and eggs, then watch football all day, drinking beer. That's sounds like heaven!
Check out Port of Call. Of the beaten path for the tourist, but well worth the trip. I'm going back -- maybe Sunday.Sit at the bar. Order a cheeseburger, loaded baked potatoe, and a Monsoon. Thank me later.The place is a small hole in the wall. I'm glad I called in for pick up cuz it was packed. The burger was good and cooked the way I like it. People claim they have the best burger in the city but to me it was good but nothing special. I liked the baked potato it came with but again, nothing special.Loved this place! My boss, who had been to Nola 10 years ago, recommended I come here. I figured, if it left that much of an impression after 10 years, then it's a must! Came on a Sat after Jazz fest.. bout 11pm. And the wait was about an hour. We opted to hang by the bar and wait for someone to get up. Had the burger of course, and the potato (loaded), YUM!!! Didn't have the monsoon cuz I'm more of a beer kind of girl. The prices on the beer were sooo cheap, I was in heaven!! Super cool, no frills, charming place. Come here, the long waits worth it!Fantastic burgers.  Probably my favorite in the city.  Unfortunately the place is so popular you'll be waiting a minimum of 30 minutes any given weekend for a table.  If you choose to wait have yourself one of Port of Call's potent Neptune's Monsoons.  I was light-headed after just one of these tasty concoctions.  Or you can go down to Yo-Mamas for an Equally delicious burger and a better burger menu.  You also won't be forced to wait on a table because so few tourists have heard of Yo-Mamas.I've been going to this place for years and it's one of those things, sometime you forget to show love to the old standards. 
Port of Call is an institution in New Orleans. The staff are friendly and helpful... sometimes. Sometimes they are willfully surly, but friendly... like a pirate... from a musical. I'm not saying I like musicals. I mean there's nothing wrong with musicals. I'm a big fan of the opera... and also a few musicals... WOW!!! I am typing a lot of things.
Anyway...
The burgers are ridiculous and french fries are treason. I didn't know it until the kind folks at Port of Call informed me and it may come as a shock to y'all as well, but you aren't supposed to eat french fries with a burger. I mean I guess they have their place somewhere, but not with the perfect burger. Oh and make no mistake, these people make the PERFECT BURGER. No matter the temp, no matter what you ask them to put on it, it will be perfect.
With drink names like Neptune's Monsoon, Wind Jammer and The Red Turtle and their delicious fruit flavor they may seem friendly, but they're 32oz and they will whoop your ass.This place lived up to its reputation! The food is delicious and simple. They know how to make a burger! I preferred sitting in "the back room" because it had lights. The front is VERY dark. It isn't a quick lunch or dinner and it seemed to take a pretty long time for our food to get to our table even though we were the first people in the door. It's worth the wait.So this is where you go when you need a break from all the creole, spicy food. Not a good start when we get on the waitlist, the hostess says 30 minute wait & she gives our table away in 15. We finally get seated & it took forever to get our drink order in. We order food with our drink order to quicken the pace. Later own that evening our food comes. I order the $27 ribeye. It was either good or just good because I needed a change of pace from all the other food. Kinda fatty for my taste but still good. I expected real bacon bits on my baked potato but got dehydrated baco's. I couldn't finish the potato. It is a nice change of pace but they have work to do.After an entire morning/afternoon of drinking, we headed over to this lovely spot. Away from the craziness and what seemed to be in a normal neighborhood. BEST BURGER AND BAKED POTATOS hands down. My mouth is actually watering talking about it! I dont know many places I have been given the option to have a loaded baked potato with sauted mushrooms. I think it took me 2.5 minutes to eat mine beings I was in starvation mode, but I snuck a few bites from my friends plate! The bathroom again was too much for me. There was actually a lady that made us hold the door open while she did her thing, she had claustrophobia pretty bad. :( The writing on the wall is rad though...Ashlee and I tatted it up for sure.Oh.  My.  Goodness.
So as I'm crossing the finish line of the New Orleans Half Marathon one of the only things I can think is, "Man I want a burger!"
As soon as we got to the hotel room I asked Hubby to do a little research and find the best burger in New Orleans.  Overwhelmingly Port of Call was the answer he found.
We headed over and got our name on the list.  Some friends were already inside when we got there and let us know that the 2.5 hour wait really wouldn't be that long (and it wasn't - it was barely an hour). 
They also told me that I needed to order a Monsoon to make the wait easier.  Now I don't drink a lot but as a bartender, I'm no lightweight either.  I figure I had earned it and it was my birthday after all!  So I went to the bar (which was *packed* ) and ordered the Monsoon.  The bartender handed me a 32 ounce cup full of shaved ice and a concoction that he poured out of a gallon jug.  The first sip made me choke, the second sip made me tingle a bit and by the time I had finished a quarter of the drink I had almost forgotten that I'd just run a half marathon.  :)  This thing is GOOD an makes the wait for a table MUCH more bearable.
So we were finally seated and placed our orders rather quickly.  Daughter had a cheeseburger with cheese and bacon on her potato.  She was rather underwhelmed but I think that may have something to do with the 2 slices of pizza that she ate in the hotel room before we went to lunch.
Hubby had a cheeseburger and I had the mushroom cheeseburger.  The burgers themselves were fantastic.  I literally groaned with the first bite and ate every bit of the burger.  I was a bit underwhelmed with the flavor of the mushrooms - for two extra dollars they were pretty tasteless so I would probably skip them next time and just go for the regular cheeseburger.  The potato was a bit dry and if I wasn't so busy shoveling it into my mouth I would have asked for some more butter and then it would have been just fine.
There's a reason that this place has the reputation for best burgers in town.  We would absolutely eat here again.Probably worst pizza I've ever had at a restaurant in a major city. The toppings looked and tasted like they were just thrown on the pizza after it was cooked while the cheese and sauce was bland and bread soggy and also bland. My friends enjoyed the burgers and drinks so two stars for that. Restaurant was also unbearably cold.If you're planning on grabbing a drink or a bite here, be prepared to wait. This local spot is always packed and for good reason. Drinks are cold and strong and the burgers are hot, juicy & delicious. When I order a burger I always order it medium rare but I am usually served medium. Which is pretty good, but not what I ordered. Port of Call cooked my burger to perfection. I really liked that baked potato is the side and not French fries. That being said, this is probably one of the best baked potatoes I have ever had. It was tender and loaded with all the toppings you could ever ask for: cheese, bacon bits (real), chives & sour cream. I definitely recommend this place. It's the perfect burger joint for locals and tourists alike.Fantastic atmosphere great burgers and steaks however the Menu lacks alot of food options, either a burger or a steak. But other that that drinks are amazing staff is friendly and very cozy bar.YUM! Always a wait but for good reason. Just grab a seat at the bar! I love a big, thick, juicy hamburger and that's what they serve. Baked potatoes are good too. Prices are a little high but not outrageous by any means. Wish they didn't charge extra for mushrooms and potato toppings but it's worth it. The drinks are huge and tasty and come in souvenir cups you can take.The food was decent.  The burger was tasty and cooked well.  The waitress was very nice in trying to accomodate our big group of 11.  I am boggled as to why there is a long wait for this place.  So many great dinning options in NOLA but people still line up for a burger accompanied by a bake potato?  Personal pet peeve, the menu says chives but they actually use green onions on the potato.  False advertisement.One of the best ways to start or complete a true NOLA experience, this place is a must in the eyes of a local. Grab a Monsoon, burger if your hungry (which are fantastic), and head to Bourbon Street for some people watching. And keep the cup if you like to collect the cups.Nuestra anfitriona de Airbnb nos recomendó este lugar, en Esplananade muy cerca de nuestro lugar. Alrededor de las 5 de la tarde, abrimos la puerta de este lugar y ya estaba lleno de gente. Desde afuera no se ve nada de lo que pasa. Pero adentro es otro mundo.
Dicen que es la hamburguesa más rica de Nola y si bien no proba todas las hamburguesas para aseverarlo, es riquísima. Fuimos 2 veces: antojos!
Una vez nos sentamos y nos atendieron muy bien. La carta también tiene pizza pero el lugar es conocido por las Hamburguesas. Son enormes. Y vienen con papas asadas casi puré, con distintos elementos que podes sumar como tocino.
Todo es rico rico rico. También probamos el trago, creo que se llama Huracán. Terrible vaso de alcohol que te pega en seguida. Ojo no experimentados!
En la segunda vez, hicimos pick up para comer en nuestro balcón. Todo muy bien, salvo que no venden agua embotellada. 
Tienen que ir!After a ghost tour and several beverages along the way, my friend and I wanted to simple, filling, satisfying meal. So, we headed to Port of Call. It was a Saturday night and the place was PACKED, but somehow we managed to procure seats at the bar. The bartender was friendly, and we got a mushroom cheeseburger with everything on it and a loaded baked potato with everything on it to split. We also each started with a Houma Houma signature cocktail.
The cocktail was not my thing. Too fruity and sweet. I didn't really drink it. 
The burger and potato were super good and loaded with toppings. Yum. 
I liked it, but just can't really do 4 stars. The menu was bare-bones, the burger was good, but not the best I've ever had. I'd say it's a good dive with good food, but not really a must-visit. I'd go back if I had a burger craving, but don't know that it's a must-do for NOLA.The place is dark and filled with 50-60 year old folks trying to relive their youth. The hamburger was below average at best. This place is way over rated. It was such a let down to wait that long to be seated and then be served that burger. The baked potato was excellent however, and is the only reason I am giving them 2 stars instead of 1.I love to read the quirky comments from folks who call the food unseasoned or nothing special - of course, I think they are clearly wrong.  On their potent specialty drinks  I can't tell you much about because we drink the same simple well drinks every time, which btw are not the neon green ones that get people sloppy drunk in the quarter.  In other words, we are sober while we eat (for those that claim only drunks like their food).  In fact, MOST of the people that eat here during most weekdays are locals and workers in the area, mixed in with tourists of course.  I can't say how often we sit down and have regulars come in - some taking out big orders to bring back to their office.  And the staff is quick in turning out the food.
We've eaten here probably thirty times or more in the past seven years.  We are locals for three months of the year.  The hamburgers (or cheeseburgers in our case) are cooked always to our liking and are very good.  In only a couple of cases have we had to have them cook it a bit more.  The potatoes we get with only butter, so we can't comment on the toppings but we see what other people get, and have never heard complaints from patrons during any time we've been there - they are too busy eating.   The steaks are among the best in the quarter.  And for those that complain about taste, I don't get it.  I get the steaks rare - medium rare, and both the fillet and the ribeye are among the best quality you can get.  The meat is tender, juicy, and with just a bit of salt and pepper only - fantastic to eat.  Love the baked potato and the salad and buns as well.  I agree that its better to get the salad dressing on the side.
As far as attitude with the staff - I've never seen attitude from the staff unless it was deserved.  We have never been there past nine o'clock at night, but we have sat with most all of the staff at this point and they have always been fantastic; friendly; and quick to sense when you don't need them and likewise quick to ask if you need something else if you catch their eye.
But with lines out the door, and people three deep at the bar, please don't try and review this place on a holiday or special event - its not fair to anyone.
Its always hard to figure on what makes for a disgruntled poster, but we all know they fall into about five or six categories - ranging from kicked out patron to pissed off neighbor.
All in all, this is a great place to eat, and we enjoy the staff as well as the food.  Its our go to place for burgers and steaks in the quarter.  The atmosphere is just what we like, and I hope they never change it.Port of Call has the reputation of best burger's in the country.  Unlike that floozy Cindi from your tenth grade homeroom, Port of Call's reputation is  unfounded.  
Basic burgers, no truffle toppings or garlic aioli spreads here.  They come with or without cheese and with or without grilled mushrooms.  Of course when it's a good burger, you don't need the fancy shmancy. It was a good burger, mine was rare enough like I asked, but the patty was a little under seasoned. My main complaint was that the bun was waaaay smaller than the meat, so by bite three it was pretty much a fork and knife situation.  The baked potatoes they come with were excellent.  Add-ons like cheese and sour cream will cost you, so  I dipped mine in the ranch dressing left over from my salad. (by day four of our eat everything in NOLA quest I was starting to get scurvy, Port of Call has a much appreciated, good side salad).  Bacon bits and green onions on the potatoes are free so load 'em on.  And the grilled mushrooms were really awesome.  Had kind of a red wine taste to them.
I'd read the service sucked... no one was rude per se, but we were sitting front and center at the not that crowded bar for more than five minutes before anyone even acknowledged us with a hello, the drinks took another five to come (they were diet cokes!) but the food wasn't too much longer after that so fine.  It did look like a cool little off Bourbon place for drinks, but nothing special.
Good, decent burger, no where near the top even ten I've had in my life.  Skip it and try something more unique to New Orleans.The best hamburgers you will EVER have... period.  Excellent baked potato, super mushrooms, and the steaks are outstanding for the money.  This has been a local secret for decades.  It hasn't changed in years.  Small, dark, and friendly... even to tourists who venture in.4.5 stars if you are looking for an amazing burger and a great selection of drinks that will knock you out. I personally don't eat beef at all, so I had a salad, which for the price ($3.75)  was simple but BIG. I also had a fully loaded potato and it was pretty good. My drink was called a Monsoon and it tasted fruity and stout, and before we even left the restaurant I was seeing stars and humming happy tunes. 
My husband loves all things cow, so he raved about his cheeseburger--said it was probably the best one he'd ever had. We overheard the bartender saying they grind all their meat on site, and my husband said you can tell--it tasted like fine ground steak to him. 
The only cons I can see to this place is that seating is limited, like so many of NOLAs top spots, so come early or expect to wait. Also the menu is very limited--just burgers, salad, or potatoes. So if those items don't appeal to you--don't come!Love this place!  Decor and set up is rustic and old school.  Mudslide drink is strong but delicious, and you really only need 1 to get yourself going.  Cheeseburger was phenomenal.  Would definitely return!Best burger. Hole in the wall joint, phenomenal hurricanes that will get you wrecked!Although the Bloody Mary held up to it's greatness, nothing else did.  They gave me half a "salad"...if you consider lettuce and 1 tomato a salad, and it was drowning in some disgusting dressing which definitely wasn't ranch... $27 for a hamburger and half a "salad" is ridiculous.This place is a must whenever I stop over in NOLA for a few nights. The monsoon is just the meanest drink you can get, and I have sat at the bar watching them pour these cups of sin, and I tell you, there are no jiggers involved! Its a townie bar that is great for people watching and getting a burger that tastes like it came straight off dad's grill. I get it all on the burger and potato and it is a mess that you just love cleaning up. The meat is always juicy and the potatoes hit the spot. As you can see from the pictures, you never want for cheese and who doesnt love bacos?! 
As far as ambience, If the place doesnt smell a bit like puke when you walk in, your in the wrong place. This is not a fancy place at all, its a town bar that does a couple of things and does them well. They always have a crowd and if you dont have a group, take a seat at the bar and get to know some of the locals. I met a lawyer lady here a couple of weeks who got quite sassy and called me fuck-face more than once, but it was done in good humor, so I called her a bitch, to which she then answered "I'm past bitch, Im super c!" Only at Port of Call! Have a monsoon and enjoy!This is the best place to have an awesome burger in the city. Great vibe, small and intimate, the place is always jumping. The burger is among the best in the city, but the thing most folks never consider are the steaks. I prefer a filet minion and this place does it beautifully, again among the best in the city. Have a Monsoon (or two) and this becomes the neighborhood bar that care forgot. Also, the best juke box in the city - everything from Frank Sinatra to Frank Zappa. Go and enjoy!This place is legendary. Fantastic hamburger. Great atmosphere. Be ready to wait however.Freaaaaaakkkiiinnnnn good. Great service and when they make a mistake such as little fruit flies flying because they didn't get a chance to spray, our Goombay Punch was comped!! You guys rock!!!!A very decent burger and right near Frenchmen so is a good jumping off point.  Can get very busy so it's worth going early and grabbing a drink after putting your name down; however, the drinks there are insane and will knock you out, so be cautious. 
The patties are more "restaurant sized" as opposed to the Camellia/Five Guys/Sonic style burgers so you can go medium rare if memory serves.  Not better or worse than the above, just different and delicious.
Loaded baked potato is a nice change of pace from the usual fries or rings.  Either way, you'll likely get too much food, but it will only help soak up what you've been drinking while you wait and/or what you are about to get into on Frenchmen.    
Favorites are: Burger, baked potato, Monsoon (drink)I love this place. The steaks and burgers are over the top! Great drinks. Friendly staff. Fun atmosphere. Will definitely keep going back.Went here with the WIF last weekend on our overnight to NOLA...... drinks are good...... burgers are great........ the place is loud and the wait was about 30 minutes.For many years Port of Call was a "must" for dinner on every visit to NOLA.  I would beg people to fed ex me one of their burgers when I was home in PA. Then for some reason we haven't gone in a few years...and I really have no reason why, just tring out new restaurants I guess. 
There is ALWAYS a line to get in. No matter what time of day or night you go, be prepared to wait, Order some drinks from the bar and hang out outside, make new friends. One year we knew our wait was going to be long so my friends and i went and got tattoos and came back, and our table still wasn't ready. But if you know this going in and have a good attitude it will be an enjoyable experience. The burgers are consistently good. the drinks are powerful, the atmosphere is relaxing and fun. 
And now I'm craving Port of Call again. Thankfully we'll be back in NOLA in 2 months!Great burgers & awesome baked potato. The only downside.....the wait. There are only 12 tables (literally) and crowded bar seating!! Def a good alternative to Cajun food in NewOrleans.We asked a bartender at Razoo bar for suggestions for a good meal and were sent here.  After we ate, we wanted to go back and hug that guy! The restaurant itself was small but adequate. The service was fast, and the food was excellent!! One of the best burgers I have ever had in my life! Very large portion and great taste! I will definitely visit here every time I am in New Orleans!!It was raining cats an dogs so we yelped something close to where we are staying.
Found this great little bar with one of the best burgers ever.  It comes with a baked potato instead of fries (a plus).  Good service and friendly staff.Awesome burgers. Best in the Marigny. Cooked to perfection, thick, and served with a baked potato. It didn't last long. Only issue was it was take-out and the hostess had a hard time understanding our orderI have visited this place a half of dozen times. After the first visit, I usually just go because my out of town guest insist on it. Nothing changes - yes, a great looking burger, but the patty is bland, with no flavor other then the taste of the flaming grill. I had the salad over the bake potato this time..and it was the worse salad. Something out of a bag, a slice of tomato with dressing. Would have gotten a better salad at McDonalds. This place has low lighting for a reason...it's absolutely filthy, dusty, and smells like Bourbon street on a Sunday morning. The white to go cups are reused too. The bar backs washing them in 2 seconds behind the bar. Customer service is casual and fun..it's a little pricey for a flavorless burger, and a dirty dive, but I guess everyone needs to experience their signature drinks for themselves.Let me preface this by saying this used to be one of my favorite burgers, years ago.  Well, the years have not been kind.  I am always at the firs seating when I go here, because my group goes here two times a year before our annual Mardi Gras ball and then a few weeks later for the parade.  I have been here a lot.  This place gets crazy busy, so getting there before they open is a smart idea if you go.  This last trip was the first time that the place was well air conditioned and smelt clean rather than smelling like Pine-Sol masking the smell of a bodily fluid accident.  
First of all, everyone says they love the Monsoon, their signature drink.  If you want to get drunk, this is your drink. Those who say they love it are also my friends who love to get on top of bars and dance or end up passed out at a table with people drawing on their face with a Sharpie. If you want to get tipsy, but have something that tastes good, get the Goombay Bunch.  It boils down to 151 vs. Malibu as the final component.  
Your food options are minimal, basically if you come here you are getting a burger with a baked potato or a salad.  The cheese burger has grated cheese, so it is a nice touch.  I ask for everything on the side, since they often overload the potato.  If you order mushrooms, you only need to order it on your burger since they give you enough for the potato and the burger.  Finally is what ruins this burger, the bun.  Their bun is that institutional bread type of sesame seed bud.  Plain & simple it sucks and it ruins anything they had going good for it.  
The cost is kind of pricey for what this place is.  I ordered a cheese burger and a Goombay Punch and after tax and tip it was almost $40 for just me.  
New Orleans is a culinary capital and it has some many other excellent options, I would pass on this place if you have the choice.I freely admit I'm no hamburger foodie authority, but I've seen my fair share of great places. JG Mellon, Carnegie Deli, Jackson Hole of Manhattan, Umami, Gott's ... of SF. 
Port of call is a cut above. The burgers have the heft of a Jackson Hole, but the tastiness of JG Mellon, buttery just enough char.. sublime. The ambiance is classic New Orleans. Prêt à faire la fête. In a word, genuine. 
If you're in New Orleans and you want to experience some real sin, come to port of call, Order a cocktail and burger and live a little.I looooooove a good burger, and Port'O'Call is one of my favorite burgers from anywhere I have ever been.  The reasons for it:
1.  They cook it the way you want it.  Most places today wll say medium is the lowest level of cooking they can go, but here you order a burger medium-rare, and you get a nice outer level of medium and the inside a nice rare level.  It is phenomenal ho consistent they are with this.
2.  Side is a baked potato.  Not fries.  A bake potato loaded however you want it.
3.  Drinks.  They are good and if you consume enough, it can be the end of your night right there or kickstart a big night of drinking.
4.  Cost.  Resonably priced for what you get.
I have sent a number of people here when they have visited and they all loved it.The drinks are very good, the hamburgers, why would you eat here when you could go to Yo Mamas and the baked potato with the baco bits from a can. Are you serious?I came here yesterday remembering how amazing my last visit was. After eating here and wondering why it wasn't as amazing, I realized my last visit was over five years ago!
Walked in and immediately smelled something funky... The smell of urine. Gross. I know it's divey, but cmon. 
"Please wait to be seated." We were a party of 7. No one helps us after 10 minutes, but during those 10 minutes, I see multiple bartenders and wait staff looking at our party. So none of y'all could spare a minute to say, "Hey, we'll be right with y'all."? 
We finally get seated, but had to be split up, which we already knew would probably happen. No biggie. I sat at the 4 top. We ordered 3 mushroom cheeseburgers and 1 mushroom burger and a monsoon. 
Burgers come out and the waitress asks, which one of you are sharing? None of us... We ordered four burgers. So she sets the first three burgers down to hunt the fourth one down. But we look down, and the burgers she gave us weren't even the right burgers. Whatever. Finally, our order was correct. Monsoon was as strong as ever. Burgers were lacking in flavor. I don't know. Just wasn't as good as I remember. 
The waitress began checking on us like every 5 minutes, can I eat??? I know you messed up and want a good tip, but chill girl. 
$80+ with tip for us. Expected from Port of Call, but I don't think I'll ever be back.Best burger I've ever had. I wasn't sure it was worth the hype, but this is a friendly place with great food and great service. The burger was incredible and the baked potato was a really neat touch. There's plenty of food on the plate to share with a friend or just eat it yourself if you're really hungry.A little hole in the wall with an amazing burger. Took a hunted tour and was hungry at 10 pm. Wife read reviews of the place and suggested we try it. Decided to take out. Wasn't expecting much but was greatly surprised with the burger and baked potato it came with. Menu is limited to burgers and steak as well as drinks.I know there's better burger places...
I know there's better drink places...
I know it's a tourist trap (we've been going since 2006)...
But I don't care.  Everytime I come to this city for a visit it requires a stop at port of call for some burgers and Neptunes Monsoon.  The burgers aren't quite as good as I remember on my first trip, but the drinks are.  
One tip is to come in the afternoon, have a drink and hang outside.
I know I'll be back in a couple of years!!A perfect burger. Not fancy, not obscenely huge, just perfect. Tastes like a burger, not a Roman orgy of grease and toppings.melt in your mouth yumminess.  where the locals go for a hurricane and burger.The menu is not big burger or steak with make potato. But you will be blown away! This is my favorite burger in New Orleans. If you plan to go for lunch on a weekend better arrive before 11:00am and get a. Monsoon if you have to wait or just want to wash down that burger or steak.Hands down best burger in town! I also love the baked potato fully loaded! Must have a monsoon!
Great place for a date night!Do yourself a favor and leave the craziness of the Quarter and eat here.  Its a great place to stop on your way to Frenchmen St.  The "vintage" atmosphere inside compliments the amazing burgers and steaks perfectly. Don't forget to order a monsoon.This place is a hole in the wall and not to be missed.  Awesome burgers - simple menu (only burgers and steak)  Be prepared for a wait, but it's worth it!!   The drinks are good too (they will knock you on your a$$!)Oh Monsoon, Gombay Punch and delicious burger with baked potato, how you have been the start to so many crossed eye nights walking through the French Quarter! Parking is a nightmare and the wait can be way too long...neither one of these factors deter me from getting to you anyway!The BEST burger I've had in New Orleans! And not to mention the side baked potato was definitely on point. If you like mushrooms, I recommend getting the mushroom burger. Did I mention that the burgers are huge too?? The decor is also very relaxed and the staff was great!I'm not going to lie, I don't have a ton of eating-experience in New Orleans, but this must have been some of the best food I've had here so far. I'm a burger fan, and this place reminded me a lot of Cheeseburger In Paradise in Maui.
The price was just right at around $18 after tip per person. The service was prompt and our burgers were cooked to order. Not the best burger in the universe, but it just might have hit my top 10 list.Touted as the best burger in NOLA, we had to try this place out. It's located a couple blocks past Lafitte's at the end of Bourbon. Totally walkable during the day, but questionable at night. Interior decor is like inside a barque with wood, nets, and ship tools plastered on the walls.
-=-Mushroom Cheeseburger-=- On paper and in picture, the burger looks fabulous. In execution and in flavor, not so much. The style of burger here is that they decided to keep it simple, but the near unseasoned patty was bland and boring. Cheese, onions, and mushrooms brought this burger up to better flavor standards, but after throwing down more than $13 for a burger, you want more than just plain.
-=-Baked Potato-=- While they don't have fries here, they offer a whole baked potato as a side. It was perfectly cooked and came with heapings of bacon, chives, and cheese on top. Halfway into the potato, we noticed that it was missing one more crucial element so we requested sour cream from our waitress for our half eaten potato. Low and behold the flavor is beyond enhanced with sour cream added. One gripe that I did leave with this place with is that our waitress didn't disclose to us that sour cream would be an additional $1.25. Had we known, we would have passed on it for a potato already half eaten.The burger was good, but the wait was ridiculous. Place is small, there's no waiting area really, it was so cramped. Everyone was elbow to elbow. Hardly any parking and had to walk almost half a mile, it's too much work to eat here.I used to go to this place allllllllll the time.  Lately it has been pretty hit or miss. The good thing about them is that if the burger isn't cooked right they definitely fix it.  The monsoon is a must try!  It comes ina hugggggge cup.  I've had pretty much all of their mixed drinks and they are all pretty good and affordable.  The salad comes drenched in dressing...fyi and is not a healthy version of a salad.  Still delicious.  The potatoes are always delicious.  Dark dining, somewhat long wait time depending on when you go (you can always sit at the bar if there's a free spot) and somewhat loud so not a first date type of place if you're looking to actually have a conversation with someone. lolI will sum up your experience in on word, are you ready? Here it goes: "meh." Friendly staff but the burger was drier that Steven Wright's sense of humor. This burger was less juicy than the gossip in a high school locker room.  Drinks are strong, most likely to distract you from the fact that the food is less interesting than an episode of antiques road show.Good solid NOLA kind of place. Lots of food. A bit pricey. 2 cheeseburgers 2 iced teas $40 with tip. Other than that, food is awesome and spud was great. Lots of cheese.....mmmmThe burger was delicious but it was gone in two bites. It seriously needs to be at least double the size to really be enjoyed. Now the monsoon was one heck of a drink!! Although it felt like I was swallowing straight sugar at first! I drank half of it and asked the waitress to fill up the rest with soda water. Now that made it soooooooooooooooooooooooooo much better!  And it got us pretty darn drunk!We go and eat burgers here everytime we visit New Orleans. Why are they sooo good? Awesome loaded baked potatoes!! Definitely go there if you're in town and love greasy, yummy burgers!Best. Burger. Ever.
Well, it was the best burger ever the first night. Great burger the second night but not cooked to medium-rare perfection. It was a little too cooked for my tastes (meaning pink, no red) but still tasty. So minus one star. However, the fact that I ate there 2 nights out of my 5 in NOLA is saying a lot. 
Get the loaded baked potato and cheeseburger. The patty alone has enough animal fat to clog the coronary arteries of a water buffalo but you'd never know it. It's thick, juicy and tender. The patty that is. We wondered if they double grind their meat to make it so juicy. And instead of serving the burger with a boring slice of cheddar, you get shredded cheddar giving you different layers of cheese in varying stages of meltedness. I love cheese. And the baked potato has everything: butter, cheese, sour cream, bacon and mushrooms. 
Definitely get a monsoon. To share. Between two people. And don't drink the whole thing before your food arrives or you might be a little dyspeptic. Not to mention drunk. 
The menu is simple: burgers, steaks, baked potatoes and drinks. There might be pizzas but I honestly can't recall seeing them on the menu. Do not take vegetarians here unless you think the world's greatest burger might persuade them to cross over for the night. I'm not naming names but it was worth it for one member in our group.On our last visit, which was a Saturday night, my four companions and I pleasantly spent our table wait by having a couple of drinks and catching up as we stood outside.  Once seated, the service was friendly and prompt, and the atmosphere cozy yet festive.  When the food arrived, our conversation stopped and we all became burger-killers.  The potato is, of course, best fully-loaded.
It is a crime to order these burgers anything more than medium.  Actually last time I was here, medium was little on the rare side.  I ended up being very pleased about this. Order any meat well-done, and it guaranteed to be dry.  
Oh, and the taste!  All the seasoning you need seems to provided by the grill.  It tastes like it hasn't been cleaned in decades -- that's a good thing!  And I will never go back to fries again.  "Thou shalt eat a burger with a baked potato, fully loaded"  must have been one of the 15 commandments that Moses dropped in History of the World, Part 1.  
 On the wet side, leave the fruity drinks for the daquiri stands, this meal is best enjoyed with a few cold Abita Ambers.  Follow this by enjoying a cigarette during your slow walk down Esplanade to your next destination.  (Mine was to bed after that feast.)this place definitely has character. dark and crowded, with wonderful decor and wonderful service. 
but down to business. the burger was good - it's tough to give it anymore than a 3 star rating tho. canned mushrooms, instead of fresh. bacon bits on the tater, instead of actual bacon. though gigantic and smothered in cheese, it still doesn't stand out as one of my faves. will i go back? of course. you can't beat the atmosphere. but i'll have to stick with my 3 star review.The burgers were bland and boring but the drinks were stiff as hell. That's the reason to come here, to start your buzz. Don't come for the food.Great experience. We were suggested to go and try the burgers in this bar and a huge line was in front of us with a waiting time of 1h:30...  we decided to stay and try to get a spot on the bar. We had Burgers with backed potatoes and bacon! Very tasty burgers and I really enjoyed the potato! The meat is thick and juicy! Will definitely go back but avoid their sweet cocktailsTried Port of Call a few weeks ago for the first time and I'd been fed a lot of hype before we went there. Apparently, they had something like the best burgers in New Orleans and some really strong signature drinks. Sounds good, right? 
Well, my experience was less then stellar. They wouldn't seat our party of 6 until all 6 of us were there (1 person was still arriving), so that was a bit annoying, but that's not the first time I've heard of that type of policy. In the mean time, I got us a couple of Neptune's Monsoon ($10), and they were super sweet and definitely chocked full of alcohol (as they should be). So, signature drink was decent, just so sweet you could have a cavity from just having one. 
Finally, once we were seated, by a somewhat surly hostess, we waited a while before we were provided with our menus and asked about our drinks. Basically, they specialize in burgers, steaks, and baked potatoes. I ordered the Mushroom Cheeseburger cooked medium and it came out well done. Arggg! Seriously, if that's your specialty can you not make it the way it's ordered! So, from there, I'd ordered a loaded baked potato including sour cream, butter, cheese, mushrooms, bacon bits, and chives. Now, the baked potato was great. The sad thing though is that my side was better then my main course. 
Anyways...overall...this place is over-hyped. If the side is better then your specialty (the main course), there is a problem. I should have sent back my burger so they would get it right, but I didn't, so I guess that's on me. 
As a whole, this place is decent, but really not worth the wait, surly service, and over-cooked, over-priced food. Sorry, POC, not my cup of tea.
Oh...I almost forgot to add the most important part.  The next morning, my wife and I both had food poisoning.  We basically got the same thing, minus maybe the mushrooms.  I really cannot blame it on anything but POC, as I started to feel sick a couple of hours after eating there.  I've got to drop the rating by one more star.  That was a rough next day trying to drive home in the wrath of Tropical Storm Lee back to ATL.My husband and I had two 'Monsoons" each and we ended up taking a taxi home and it was only three blocks away! How embarassing but it was worth it!
We stopped into the Port of Call because it was only three blocks from the lovely BnB we were staying at and because their burgers are famous...and rightly so but I jump ahead of myself.
We couldn't find the bar at first but that's because it looks like a regular buliding from the outside, not what you think a traditional bar looks like, at least not in SoCal. So we go inside, and it's half bar, half restaurant...but it was buzzing, the television was loud and the two male bartenders were on point, but the female's personality had much to be desired.
But we were there to eat, not to chit chat...so we ordered two burgers, and two baked potatoes...cause here in NOLA, you get big crazy, Yeti sized baked potatoes with your burgers.
Alongside with those we ordered two "Monsoons" which came in a Big Gulp sized cup....holee molee, that was one of the best meals we had there our entire trip.
The burger was THE best charbroiled chunk of heaven either of us has had in a good long while and the potato was cooked to perfection and it was covered in all kinds of sinful goodness.
The only neg if there was one, was the smell of the bar. It smelled alternately musty and sour but after a few drinks, who gives a hoot right? But that is the only reason they're not a straight 5 stars...Only had to wait 15 min for a table! I guess I came a the right time. This was my second time here and the burger was just as good as I remember it. Everything on the menu is simple to order. Only bad thing is no bacon strips just bits. Drinks are huge, I got the monsoon. Love the baked potato instead of fries. I will be here again on my next trip to NOLA.I couldn't justify giving this five stars due to the fact that I have been here twenty times and only ordered Burgers and Monsoons. 
But the burgers were just a hot mess that made me very happy. Also love any place were grown grisly men guzzling fruity punch looking paint thinner is standard operating procedure.