Peche was better than I expected. The crawfish croquettes and the drum entree were absolutely delicious. And, our server, Heather, was fantastic!!The atmosphere was warm and inviting, with its greying weathered brick walls and wood beams, and the sunset diffusely casting a rose glow through the high windows. There was a feel of the harbor here, a vast knowledge of the sea. 
The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and professional. Richard invited our table of four to share a whole grilled fish with tomatoes and basil, and I have to say, it was steamy perfection. 
We also shared tuna tartare, hush puppies, fish sticks, green salad, white beans and bacon, corn, and roasted green beans with harissa.  
Everything was wonderful, and needless to say, we were more than satisfied. 
With a plentiful selection of cocktails, wines, beer and cider, if you haven't yet checked out Pêche for lunch or dinner, you don't know what you're missing.I've probably been here 15 times, and it's always been amazing. I highly suggest just splitting a bunch of small plates and crudos and then also getting one of the whole fish on offer that day. Wine list is great. Service is pretty solid most times, maybe a little rushed, but they're usually slammed, so I hardly notice. It can get loud in there so definitely not the spot for a quiet evening. Definitely try to make a reservation. I've never gone without one except at like 10pm or at lunch. Even if they're full though, you can usually sneak into the oyster bar on the early side or late side.Really neat atmosphere. We had dinner at the bar and the service was great! We were always attended to! 
Really fresh oysters and seafood. They also have local beer!Excellent food, service was good, environment is nice. Stopped for late lunch with family after the WWII museum. All good but a bit $$$$I wanted to like this restaurant...If you like spicy hot food, this place is for you.  I'm unable to eat spicy food so I ordered what I thought would not be spicy.  Small plate Lamb Kebobs with yogurt sauce.  Hot!  My friend is unable to eat spicy food so she ordered the baked Drum in mushroom sauce.  Hot Hot!  The shrimp is cooked with jalepenos.  We had 2 appetizers, the crawfish & the shrimp.  Both Hot!  Don't bother asking the wait staff if the food is spicy, they don't consider any of the items we ordered to be hot.  There was a wierd dessert menu that didn't appeal to any of us so we went elsewhere for dessert.  The restaurant was crazy loud.  We were in a booth and had to shout.Peche is the best restaurant in the world. After my third time there, I am finally writing this review. The raw tuna (different variations usually on special) literally melts in your mouth. The whole fish specials are always phenomenal. Tonight's was a roasted flounder with satsuma butter. It was heavenly. We also had the baked drum which was the best drum we've ever had. Drinks are amazing, as is dessert. Basically, anything you order will blow your mind / tastebuds so do yourself a favor and make a reservation asap. Service is amazing, ambience is fairly casual and very inviting. Just go and see for yourself.I couldn't have been more impressed in the first five trips here. Truly an amazing place, phenomenal service, well thought out menu, can't go wrong with anything (Except perhaps the fish baked with a tomato broth which was good but nothing you can't make at home). Great place to impress visitors. The menu now bores me a bit. Everything tastes the same, slightly overseasoned and salted.  Fried bread balls inconsistently dry/moist. Same with smoked tuna dip. Amazing flank steak. It shocks me though that in 2016 A place like this won't allow you to substitute Brabaunt potatoes for something a little healthier (and equally cheap) like sautéed garlicky greens, etc., especially if you want to splurge on carbs in the form of a much more interesting fried/heavy appetizers.Really great food, presentation and service. Decently priced and overall beautiful restaurant too. The food does have some very distinct strong flavors, so be ready for that.Very disappointing.  Unless you want to eat whole fish (I don't), the menu is pretty odd (some very strange ingredient combos and a neglectful lack of vegetables or healthy choices). And they are very rigid in that they won't make any substitutions or omissions, even a simple request as leaving out the cilantro that was sprinkled on top of the tuna appetizer special or having a boneless chicken breast - the waiter just flat out said no, didn't  even bother check with the kitchen.  There was NOT ONE salad on the menu (I was told their supplier of lettuce has not had any lately - huh? - yet i saw some shredded iceberg on the shrimp roll).  I asked if they could make a simple vegetarian plate of "healthy vegetables" - i was served 2 different kinds of  fried potatoes and some oily "sauteed" (fried) brussels sprouts.  There are so many great places to eat in New Orleans - go elsewhere.great variety of seafood prepared in a modern southern tilt. their fried bread is a must have so is their chocolate/peanut butter/banana desert.First time here but it won't be the last. We had a lot of the dishes that our server recommended and everything turned out great! Definitely must try the grilled drum and the crab with jalapeños.Service was good, food was alright. Nice ambiance, stayed for appetizers and took off for dinner.Great staff and great service. The wait staff was very attentive to our large number. The smoked tuna was the absolute best ever!Loved this restaurant.  Had a fantastic lunch that included the fish collars, a red shrimp in garlic sauce, a risotto, and a squash casserole.  All was delicious, and I would readily come back for another occasion at this restaurant.  The prices were very reasonable for the quality and taste.The food was amazing. We got a lot of small plates for the table and they were all great. The oysters were really good and there was a sauce with them I've never tasted before that was very yummy. I tried a drink with cucumber in it and it was awesome as well.Great atmosphere. Whole fish is what I am costumed to so I had higher expectations of it. Monica at the bar was awesome. Fried bread is a must try.This has to be the hottest restaurant in New Orleans right now. The food is memorable!Stumbled on this place trying to escape parade crowds. We had oysters, a raw tuna appetizer, brussels, and hushpuppies for appetizers, and they were great (I think it's hard to make those things exceptional.) 
However, we also had a white fish special (I can't remember the type of fish) that was just amazing, and I have NEVER been amazed by a white fish. It came out as a whole fish, and you picked the skin and meat off the bones. The skin was heavily salted, and the fish was in a butter sauce. The flavor was fantastic. 
Anyway, 5 stars for a totally expectation-exceeding entree and an otherwise solid experience.Not impressed. Gumbo was way too Smokey. The shrimp toast tasted as though the grease it was fried in was old. 
I can now say, been there and done that. But won't do it again.I have been here for lunch on each of two visits in the last 18 months.  It has been sublime both times.  I don't know about dinner, but these lunches were 5 star.  The food was an outstanding representation of what is fresh and available in that region.  It is seafood centric but offers just enough meat dishes to keep everyone happy.  We loved raw tuna, catfish w/ pickled greens, fresh oysters, and the Chicken Diablo.  Don't allow yourself to believe that any of this sounds mundane.  All of the dishes are excellent!  The Chef has a deft touch to ensure that his dishes stand among the best in the city.  The service was very attentive and friendly.  They just make you feel comfortable.  I like the space.  It is open and airy, and I suppose it could get noisy.  It is in the warehouse District and we walked from the French Quarter.  If you hate walking, take a cab.  This is a great New Orleans experience.  Don't miss it.So so good! Was recommended here by a friend who told us to try the fried bread. Decided to eat a few appetizers before our concert began. We ended up eating half the menu, it was so good! Stared off the with Shrimp bisque, gulf shrimp from the raw bar and the lamb skewers. Yum yum yum. For dinner we ordered the shrimp and beans, so tasty. The spicy shrimp and noodle small plate and the potato side....we just about licked the plates clean!! This place has an awesome vibe and decor, the servers were super attentive. Loved everything about Peche!!I felt like the menu was kind of oddly put together.  I was definitely skeptical but the oysters were fabulous and my shrimp roll was exactly as I hoped it would be.  I was really happy with my meal and drinks.  $5 a beer or buy a pitcher for $15, no brainer, pitchers were huge and great beer selection.  My only complaint, my boyfriend got the shrimp bisque, I guess bisque makes me think creamy with sherry since I'm from the north.  This was strange, not good tasting and had no solid shrimp in it. I would not get the bisque again.Every single dish I tried in this restaurant was amazing. This is the best food in New Orleans. It makes my top 3 list for restaurants I've ever been to. The fried bread is money.Just do not understand the rave reviews here. Our party of four out-of-towner visitors  were SO looking forward to having a memorable meal here. We had the fish sticks and brussel sprouts that everyone here has raved about. Found them to be nothing special. Cannot even tell you what we had as an entrée; it was that forgettable. The four of us were very disappointed. In a city known for it's food, better can undoubtably be found elsewhere.5 stars for the food and 1 star for the service. The bus boys were very helpful and quick to clean up but the waitress would not stop to explain the different types of dishes. We would ask questions and she would not give straight forward answers. We wanted to order the whole red snapper but she would not put it and would not explain why. The waitress and the hostess are the only reason I am not giving this a 5 star review. 
The food was amazing. The red snapper was cooked perfectly. We had a dozen local fresh oysters that were huge with delicious horseradish. The cocktails are fun and the wine was great. The shrimp bisque was creamy and perfectly seasoned. The duck pasta dish was delicious. The smoked tuna dip looks like tuna salad but it's really yummy. The hush puppies were so good. The shrimp dish with cauliflower was the best dish and the Brussel sprouts were cooked perfectly with a vinegar sauce. Definitely come for the food.Wow,  all of the food was amazing, you missy get the drum fish, it was the best meal we have had for a long time.  We decided to get 3 apps and 1 entree for 2 people, it was easily enough food.  This is a must to location in New OrleansWe stopped by Peche while visiting New Orleans based on the fact that it was recommended by 5-6 local drivers and bartenders. 
We sat at the bar and loved the staff! They were all super friendly, our bartender was VERY knowledgeable about the dishes and gave great recommendations! We got the coconut line snapper, the roasted carrots and pickled catfish. All were unique dishes and DELICIOUS!! We'll define tally be back next time we're in town!I have eaten here numerous times.  It is perfect.  Period.Beautiful rehabilitation of an historic building. Wonderful interior, ambiance and service. My smothered catfish was excellent, as where the oysters and the pineapple cake.  Highly recommend.I was in town for a conference this week, and dropped the ball on checking out local flavor. Lucky for me, a last minute reservation for 1 was available. Never having been to New Orleans before, I wasn't sure about getting around, but thankfully everything is pretty close by if you're staying near the convention center. A 10 minute walk and a gorgeous sunset later, I came upon the incredibly crowded Pêche, a good sign on a Tuesday night. I was seated quickly and started into the menu. Starting with a half dozen area 3 oysters and the shrimp toast, I was thrilled. Big, meaty oysters and fantastically rich, ground and fried shrimp set a good stage. I don't normally drink beer, but my Abita strawberry ale had a light flavor that seemed to go well (I don't know anything about beer, it tasted good to me, so that's all that matters). My main course was smothered catfish and a side of fried Brussels sprouts with chili vinegar. All of these flavors came together beautifully, with the spices coming together in each bite. The damage wasn't bad either. Lots of food at a really reasonable price. If I'm ever in the area again, I'll be back, and remember to make a reservation before my trip!Great service and nice banter with the wait staff compliment some spectacular New Orleans style sea food! 
On a walk from the French Quarter to The Garden District, my date and I happened on this place for lunch. Promptly seated before the Saturday lunch rush, we ordered and were served in great time. 
The seafood gumbo was great starter to my steak tartar, big of which hit a spot that hadn't been reached in my time here yet. And the cauliflower, baked with cheese and rice was fantastic and I don't like cauliflower!!! 
We paired it all off with some fantastic bloody Marry's and we were out the door for a reasonable price. Try it if you're in the neighborhood or just passing through.I'm really torn on this review, I had a great time here but all 8 of us agreed that all of our food was way too salty. And I love salty food but it all seemed like someone salted it, forgot and salted it again. I don't know if it was an off night or what but I was disappointed. A fee of us left without finishing their food due to the just straight salt flavor, I'd like to think this place is not normally like this but who knows? I went in a large group and we got apps, entrees and desserts and we all left disappointed despite having a good time and having drinks. I would like to give this place another shot someday and hope that last night was an off night. I'm tempted to give it two stars but I did have a fun time and the drinks were great, our waitress was super friendly and attentive as well.The drum entree was amazing and worth visiting for!  Shrimp appetizer not as much a fan as it was a peel-your-own-with-shrimpheads-on situation.  The potatoes that came with the the steak were completely over salted to the point of extreme salt.  Hush puppies quite good, however.  Desserts:  key lime pie not bad and the flan chocolate thing was good.Ok, so the food here is very good although the menu is very limited.  The bar makes a sound old fashion but didn't muddle the cherry.   The service is sub par to terrible even for a tourist trap ( which I don't consider this place).  We waited 1.5 hours for our food at 930 pm with multiple waitress changes.  Management pretty much unapologetic and a little arrogant considering the situation.  Just to be clear, food is a solid 4 stars, service is terrible.  I do about 12 shows a year in New Orleans and have been here before, but this is the second negative experience so I do not recommend.  See other reviews for a better New Orleans experience!Peche has pretty much been my favorite spot for the last 3 years. Never disappointed & the service  is strong every time we walk through it's doors.
Last time I was there I swear I had a out of body experience. A transcending food high.
Some tips, the whole fish is imperative.
The salsa verde is still our favorite sauce.
Fry bread is a must for soaking up this utilitarian sauce. The smoked tuna dip with saltines is a homey, comfortable starter with assortment from the raw bar. Desserts there also have a strong game. And of course explore the cocktail menu.
After all it's the Big Easy!Loved peche, but I wouldn't expect anything less from the team that brought us Cochon. We got to trya. Bunch of things and although I'm sure there are a lot of other great items as it is. Wonderful menu, this will makes. Great meal
Catfish smothered with white rice.
Drum
Tuna dip
Cappelini w/ crab
Fried bread- this might be one of the best things I have ever eaten.
Artichoke and crab fritters
Squash bacon rice casserole
The Shrimp toast was a little bit of a let down as were the red shrimp. But they might have just been overlooked.
A new must for Nola.We were looking forward to our meal here after making reservations more than a month out. Peche won the James Beard Award for New Restaurant in 2014, so our expectations were high. People had recommended that we go with one of the whole fish dishes, because that was the restaurant's specialty. 
Well, when we ordered, one of the two whole fish options was sold out, which seemed strange because our reservations were right in the middle of prime time at 8 p.m. No problem. We went with the other option. Five minutes later, the waiter came back and told us that it, too, was sold out. 
We were forced to reconsider and found a few things on the menu. Everything was fine, but none of the dishes was memorable. 
My guess is that after the awards, this restaurant simply outgrew itself. They are clearly getting doing well - the place was packed - but it felt more like a run-of-the-mill seafood chains to me. And it didn't taste much better. 
There are so many great restaurants in New Orleans. You can definitely do better than Peche.Sat at the bar for a late lunch.  Spectacular food.  Great staff.  Tuna on the raw bar menu was the best.  Brussel sprouts were good.  Seafood gumbo in a dark rich broth was off the hook.The highest possible score to Peche. The one restaurant in New Orleans that wowed us beyond belief. The only restaurant we visited in NOLA with first class service that engaged us, told the story of the menu complete with description and suggestion, and allowed us to feel so comfortable that we never wanted to leave. The only restaurant we visited in New Orleans with a menu that felt truly balanced. Not only is the space beautiful, but the staff is incredibly warm and welcoming. We sat at the raw bar and were lucky enough to catch a little behind the scenes action while at our perch. Way to go above and beyond! 
We sampled a number of different items: each variety of LA oyster. Kudos to the raw bar for keeping these shells as clean as can be. The smoked drum salad with potato and English peas was incredibly smoky and refreshing and the brightness of the peas brought balance and texture. The shrimp toast was a fun snack, and the shrimp bisque was very nice as well. I love the crispy pepitas for texture. The fried bread was the thing that you must not leave without trying. Plus our friends at the raw bar hooked up a little crème anglaise as a dip that took it to the moon. At this point we were about to hit the wall so a final order was placed for the shrimp and noodles. This was another slam dunk - ground shrimp, homemade pasta in a chili pepper sauce and I am a happy camper. Thank you Peche for providing us with the absolute best dining experience on our trip in New Orleans.Possibly the best food I've ever had. Shrimp bisque was full of depth and complex flavors, tuna was served on a bed of wonderfully spiced corn and nuts, fish special was perfectly cooked and flavored. Don't pass up the hushpuppies.
To drink I had the Hemingway--light, sweet, and refreshing. I liked the flavor of the cucumber.
Tip: bring a jacket or wrap. The temperature of the room was a bit chilly and I saw several diners wearing their jackets and shawls.This place was divine. Being gluten and dairy free, it's hard to find places that are accommodating. The staff was SUPER helpful and understanding. I got the tuna, and I'm still dreaming about it!Some of the best oysters in the city. Seafood platter is huge. Pasta dishes were great and the key lime pie is pretty good as wellExtremely unfriendly to group parties. They took our reservation for 11 without any hassle, yet never disclosed the policy to only accept 4 credit cards and not split the check.
Food was decent, but not worth the hassle. In this electronic driven age how are we unable to split a simple table!!!!!On a four day trip to NO and we have had 3 meals a day each from a different local establishment, and this was by far the best. The service was impeccable - friendly, fast and cheerful. Food was sublime. Complex flavors and proper portions at a fair price. I had the baked Drum and it was by far, the best fish dish I have ever had. Highly recommended!Energetic atmosphere.  Unique and eclectic menu with new twists on old New Orleans style food.
Highly recommend the steak tartare appetizer . It has a myriad of flavors and is something you might just consider eating as your dinner.  The drum was done to perfection .  White mild fish in a savory lightly spicy tomato broth with a crusty bread for dipping . It was amazing !   This is a must for dining when in New OrleansI only had drinks here, so I can't tell you much about the menu, but the drinks were good. A little pricey but what I expected for craft cocktails. I had a Blue Buffalo, which was bourbon with muddled blueberries. It was excellent. Also, they have a drink with thyme in it called the Morris Day, and any bar that makes a Morris Day and the Time joke on their menu is a good bet.Came here during a conference, so was incredibly Busy and crowded. Make reservations. 
ENVIRONMENT
Very open floor plan with a bar on one side with some standing space.
APPS
Hush Puppies - awesome fried balls with a nice aioli.
Smoked Tuna Dip - great smokey tuna salad with saltines
Ahi ceviche - great raw ahi with avocado sauce and nuts
ENTREE
Jumbo Shrimp and Rice Cake - nice spice from the chili butter, Max sure you mix it all together. This is heaven.I really loved our meal here after all the heavy food on our trip but I have to say nothing was so distinctive NOLA.  The freshness and combinations were awesome.  The service was a little disjointed and slow but I loved the decor and really tasty fresh seafood.Really nice place and the food was top notch. My wife had the ground shrimp and noodles and I finished the dish for her. Just the right amount of hot. I tried the clams  on the half shell and the crab claws from the raw bar. Both were delicious. Probably our favorite meal on this trip to NOLAUpdates:  ground shrimp pasta dish was super spicy 2nd time ordered.  Still amazing but for heat lovers only.  
Oysters from area 3 and gulf shrimp were fresh and the best I've had in Nola.Awesome meal. Not sure I'd give it best new restaurant in the US but we thoroughly enjoyed it. We had a reservation but still had to wait at the bar for about 20 minutes. The menu style of apps, small plates and large lends itself to the way we love to eat and share everything. The fried bread is to die for. We had the tuna dip (really good), the shrimp noodles (great) and the redfish with salsa verde (awesome) with a side of Brussels and the pineapple rum cake. I wish I was eating this whole meal again.
Super knowledgeable and helpful servers.The concierge at Grenoble House recommended this place our first night in New Orleans and couldn't have been happier anywhere else! We were looking for a casual, but nice place, with good ambience and great food and were we impressed. Such a good first impression on New Orleans food...everything was so flavorful and delicious. My mom and I started with the Seafood Gumbo which was amazing and not to spicy for our sensitive palates. I had the grilled tuna for my main course and I swear I've never had better even down to the greens. My parents shared the whole redfish and only heard delicious between bites. You need to dedicate a meal to this place. Amazing menu - if we were here longer, we'd visit more just to be able to try more!! Would order everything off the menu. Yummy food without being overly heavy! Will remember this experience forever for the perfect taste of new orleans.I just love this place.  The staff is first rate, and the food is so innovative, fresh, and delicious. The seafood salad and smoked tuna dip are great starters though next time I will definitely try the crab salad with peas and chili aioli.  I know the whole grilled fish is quite popular but I don't like anything staring at me before I eat it so I have passed on it and I think it usually comes in at around $40.  I also think the seafood platter from the raw bar doesn't offer great value but it sure is a beautifully presented appetizer and I am certain great tasting in months that include the letter r (because of the raw oysters).  I must also add the Brussels sprouts are a must try and the raw tuna from the raw bar was such an amazing dish I dreamed about.  Just like their cousin-like restaurant Cochon, these guys raise meat, fish, and smoke to an art form.Excellent meal. From snacks to entree. We started with the smokes tuna and shrimp croquettes which were both great. Them had the grilled whole red fish and was absolutely amazing.  Couldn't make it to dessert as the fish was huge.  Definitely will be going back again for more.Unbelievable!
From the fun. Cocktails( the Hemingway to the Buffalo Louie) to the AMAZEBALLS smoke tuna dip. To the whole redfish with salsa verde & Brussels sprouts & potatoes. Wow.  Unreal. Delicious. Enjoy!!!!!Excellent and attentive service. Convenient location on Magazine with ample street parking.
Fresh seafood prepared as you choose. Oysters on the shell and the largest shrimp I have ever encountered. As I am a beer man, good selection of regionals.Odd place. Country atmosphere. Waiters compete for the most tattoos and piercings. Big prices, little food. Arrived and left hungry. 
Not sure what the big deal is and who it really appeals to.This is our third time here and It's one of our favorite places for seafood in NOLA. As you as soon enter the door (very subtle entrance) you're quickly greeted and seated. It's an open area nicely lit that's inviting, relaxing without pretension. Service is great and the food outstanding. The last time we ordered a red fish for the table...my local friends assured me that would unfriend me if I pay $60 for a redfish again :) The menu did offer a 22oz ribeye for the table for $60 WTF? lol For lunch we ordered the baked drum fish and jumbo shrimp with bacon (the shrimp is small). At first the portions looked small but turned out to be perfect. Thw white beans with bacon is a must for a side dish! For starters we had the fried toast with sea salt. Yum! It's like a bite size pretzel ball.  As busy as this place can get you're in a out in less than an hour (based on a party of 4). We finished off with key lime pie and pineapple rum cake and both were delish!  We'll come here again but always for lunch.This place is more of a lunch place than dinner. #pecheWe went there Friday night.  They didn't take phone reservation and told us walk in only.  When we got there at 8 pm, they told us it would be 2 hour wait.  We went to the bar and waited.  After 30 mins, we got seats at the bar.  We ordered shrimp toast, fried bread and sea salt, grill scallops, seafood gumbo, crab and jalapeño capellini and one dozen Louisiana raw oysters.  All of the food we ordered was so good.  In my opinion, the raw oyster was great ($1.35 each), totally worth the value.  The bartenders were friendly and services was quick. Would recommend this place (make a reservation first)Best meal I've had in New Orleans in a very long time. Eat here. Don't ask questions. Just do it!This place is delicious. Beyond what I expected. We sat at the raw bar anzd the cooks were personable and so nice!Fantastic!  They gave us a hard time about being late for our reservation (even though we had called and made it 10 minutes prior), but that didn't matter once we sat down and started eating.
The cocktails are delicious, the food is amazing (we had an app, two entrees, two sides) and lived up to it's incredible reputation.  
The service was attentive, friendly and knowledgable.
We closed the place down and they were very nice about it.  Not at all pushy and overall just very polite.  We didn't even realize we were the only people still here - that's how great they were.
It was a really nice night, I highly recommend a visit.We had the chicken diablo.  It was fabulous!  One of the best meals we had in a long time!  Wait staff was excellent!  Ended the meal with triple chocolate cheesecake!  Yum!Over priced food that was mediocre. Paying for atmosphere which is beautiful and great location.Over 1000 reviews and a good rating score show that you should try this restaurant. We ordered the Gumbo & Bisque soups and the Crab Jalapeño Capellini, which were both tasty. Then, we ordered the Smothered Catfish and White Brans, which were OK. The smothered catfish was tasteless and the White Brans wasn't a good side for it. Appetizers got ready pretty soon but the entree came very late.My first visit to Pêche Seafood Grill was the same time last year, and it was just as I remembered. Raw Oysters - Louisiana and Alabama; Smoked Tuna Salad; Crab Claws. It was good to see some of the same bar staff and Heather has a future at the Happiest Place on Earth. She made sure we were happy the entire time we were there. Thanks for recommending Gnarly Barley. The next time I visit I will be sure to make reservation and I look forward to seeing you the same time next year.Srsly tho. Y'all ARE great. Good Night!!!
We went to Pêche on a whim when another seafood (sort of?) restaurant (n7) was unaccommodating, too Bourgeoise, etc. 
I really REALLY wanted the whole roasted fish, which I've had before and it was amazing, but we ended up sharing a bunch of things. 
The non-fried seafood platter was super refreshing and the two pasta dishes (small plates) and two sides were too much. The Bert side ate like a dessert, it was so good. It was all so good.Food was incredible. Everything we ate was rich and delicious. The staff was very knowledgeable and timely. We enjoyed the open atmosphere, good music and great location. 5 stars for sure!Delicious and fun. Get the whole fish and any specials they have. Ryan Prewitt is a genius. He taught a class I took at the Atlanta Food and Wine Festival and after having his food there I knew I had to go. Make reservations early.Within wali g distance of the main drag - Canal and Bourbon.  The open space and exposed beams show the former commercial nature of the building and is pleasing. Had a group of nine with no reservations and only waited a short while. Lots of people eating and having a good time. 
The hush puppies were large and had a bite from same jalapeño (guessing). Very good and a bit with the group. The gumbo was very good - deep brown roux. I had the shrimp roll, which was surprisingly good - I usually don't expect much with food like shrimp salad, etc.  As it's name implies, it was similar to a lobster roll. The shrimp were of good size, the dressing light and the celery pieces crisp.
Those who had oysters on the half seemed to enjoy them. 
The server was very good - an experienced man with a ready smile and good recommendations.
Great spot for dinner and a positive atmosphere.We ordered the whole red snapper. It was really quite bad. It tasted extremely fishy, like it was just starting to turn. I've had the whole red snapper here before and it was delicious -- mild, almost buttery. Unfortunately we got a bad fish this time around. Everything else was great (tuna tar tar, beans, shrimp toast, fried bread)I go in for lunch at least once a week. Usually have either the steak tartare or the raw bar de jour. I have never been disappointed. Perfect.Awesome place. Best seafood ever eaten by me. Very well prepared and the service is out of this world. I will cone back here for sure. No doubt about it.This was a fabulous meal. We especially enjoyed the oysters, the tuna crude special, the baked drum and the Brussels sprouts. We were a bit underwhelmed by the soups and wish we had gotten a second side or small plate instead. Overall everything was delicious along with a nice atmosphere and good service. They even gave us a special treat for our celebration. Very pleased all around and would recommend it to anyone visiting or staying in New Orleans.This is the best restaurant for seafood in New Orleans! It is somewhere between dressy and casual, but just has a great feel and ambiance.DELICIOUS! Crawfish, jalapeño capellini was a bomb! Hush puppies, fried Brussels sprouts were all so good. Make your reservation and be ready to be amazed.Excellent seafood, about a 10-min walk from Bourbon Street.  The Alabama oysters are divine - both varieties - and the grilled fish was HUGE and super tender.  Loved the chimichurri-type sauce they had on top.  Fried bread is worth trying, too.  Nice service and we loved the relaxed but upscale ambiance.  Definitely worth a stop!  Wish I'd had room for the key lime pie.This restaurant is amazing! The service is top notch, especially Tommy the manager who got us a great table and attended to is like we were the only patrons there that night. Having eaten at some if the best New York restaurants, I often find that when I travel to other cities, the restaurants don't match up. Not true with Pesce! From the service to the food, you will not be disappointed! All in all, a great dining experience!My partner and i came here for dinner on a Wednesday with another couple. We have heard nothing but rave reviews of Peche since it opened, and were excited for our dining experience ahead. We were all very, very disappointed. 
The atmosphere is quite loud, which was fine, there was no controlling that aspect. But the service was absolutely awful and made the whole meal unpleasant. 
1) Not only did it take 15 minutes for our drinks to arrive, the server tried to take our order before bringing them out. She acted annoyed and inconvenienced that we wanted our drinks and a few minutes to look over the menu. She barely looked at us the whole evening
2) there are no descriptions on the menu of the dishes; this is where the server should come in. Our server described nothing, offered zero guidance, and even when I asked for recommendations, she replied, "I like the Mahi. And the tuna." ...that's it? No guidance or even a description of how it is prepared??
3) there was a piece of metal in my cocktail
4) they brought the check before we were finished eating, didn't even ask if we wanted after dinner drinks or desserts (which we did)
5) once we were *finally* finished, they dropped the check again. As our friend opened the check book to place her credit card in it, the server swooped in and TOOK IT OUT OF HER HAND before she could close it and set it back on the table!!
The food didn't blow me away, but it would have tasted better with good service. These people were impatient, unfriendly, and utterly inconvenienced by our presence. They were order takers, not servers--which is fine at McDonalds, but when my bill is over $200, I expect excellent service. One of us even mentioned to one of the servers how we felt rushed and disrespected. "That's just how we do it here. We're fast-paced here," he responded as he backed away then scurried off. 
We are SO disappointed with our experience here, and especially so because we had such high expectations. For great fish and excellent service, go a couple miles up the road to Superior Seafood.Tonight I enjoyed a landmark birthday at this fabulous dining establishment!  We "hovered" at the bar 30 minutes and picked up our 2 fabulous seats on the window side where we had a view of the entire place.  Everyone we encountered from bartenders to servers to seat mates could not have been better.  The food was stellar, the fave dishes were the "Smoked Tuna Dip" with cucumber slices (accommodating my GLUTEN FREE issues) AND the-mint chip ice cream.  We ordered way too many other dishes, ate them all and LOVED it ALL.  Our personal bartender/server was Allison (seen in this photo) she made our evening the BEST!  A million thank yous‼This place was amazing.. the oysters were definitely one of the best we have ever tasted.. the food was so fresh and tasty.. the service was also good.. definitely recommend the fish fingers as an appetiser .. we had the red snapper for main course .. so tasty.. also the fried Brussels sprouts, grilled carrots and the braband potatoes were amazing.. this is not a cheap restaurant but I have to say it was worth ever single penny.I was so excited to eat here, but tremendously disappointed. We got the whole fish and it was mushy and not anything interesting. The pasta w crab that everyone raves about was okay. The Brussels sprouts were charred so heavily they were black and over-salted. Cold service from the staff. Boring selection of beverages. Very expensive and weird setting. There are so many better options in New Orleans.Everything was delicious from start to finish. We ordered several things and split them. Cajun potatoes, chicken skewers, fried bread, stuffed shrimp, brussel sprouts, greens with feta, and the wahoo. The raw wahoo had aioli on it, which surprised me as one isn't used to seeing that on raw fish, but it was shockingly good.We didn't have reservations so we had to wait 1.5 hours but the host was so friendly and accommodating, he tried to make space for us at the bar. 
The space itself is beautiful. Sort of like a renovated in warehouse. And in a cute trendy art gallery sort of neighborhood.Peche is always outstanding. The service is always incredible, the food is amazing. The wine selection is wonderful. The cocktails are exquisite yet simple. The Brussels sprouts are a must. Good things come to those that wait, so to the people that complain about the wait I promise it's worth it. I've been close to 50 times and have never left disappointed. I'm partial to Heather, who is always full of smiles, laughs, and vast knowledge but the rest of the staff is wonderful also. I work for the Brennan's corporation and anytime a table is looking for a recommendation Peche is always the first that comes to mind.had dinner here for our last evening in NOLA this trip. ambience was a bit more relaxed than some others, but that doesn't IMHO affect the flavors. i found the wait staff to be excellent. they had to be since the kitchen was very slow. the food was certainly above average but it was just that. in a city with as many dining possibilities as NOLA, i don't plan to return. wait staff gets 5 stars, kitchen gets 1 or 2.Food was great. Had the baked drum which was delicious.  We had a large group. Not they will not split checks and will only take up to 4 cards. With a large business group it tools up at least 15 minutes to sort a check out. It's unfortunate that they won't split checks and it sets an obnoxious tone to a delicious dinner.This restaurant just keeps getting better and better.  The fish, oysters and sashimi is sooo good and I LOVE their fresh produce to accompany their fish dishes!!!! Now that they have some good sound pollution devices in place so you can hear other diners at your table raving about the food, I love Peche even more.  Keep up the good work!What a truly masterful culinary experience. Mix of simple pleasures with complex flavor. Everything taste fresh from oysters to shrimp. Smoked tuna dip is the best thing I've ever had- we ended up ordering 2! The crab beignets were absolutely perfect and the sauce was delicious. Nothing we tried was off. Everything making me wish I had 2 stomachs to eat more and more! Perfection on a plate :)So I read lots of reviews before we went & lots of them had valid points.  The restaurant was quite noisy but not unbearable except for a large group nearby that had a few loudmouths. 
Our table was a small table right next to two other small tables.  It was impossible not to hear the conversation at the neighboring tables & quite difficult to converse ourselves in a normal tone due to the overall noise.  After a while, I realized that the location was unacceptable, so I went to the host station to ask for a table by the windows that was getting ready to be vacated.  The host agreed & a waitress came over to assist our move.  Instead of moving us to the table I requested & which the host had said yes to, she moves us to another table.  She told us the other table was reserved. Well, given my previous conversation with the host, I knew that was not true.  I watched all night long as that table and another prime table remained open. 
The wine was just okay - we tried 4 different glasses & none were very good with the exception of the Pinot Noir, which was actually quite nice.
We tried a bunch of small plates & sides which were all quite good.  The curried mussels were excellent, albeit tiny, and begged for a few crusts of bread to sop up the excellent sauce remaining in the bottom of the bowl.  But alas, they don't serve bread and only offered for us to purchase a fried bread appetizer.  The fish sticks were delicious as well.  Cauliflower gratin & brussel sprouts were both very nice sides.
The noise level, the rushed & slightly indifferent service, and the overall atmosphere do not make for a relaxed, enjoyable evening.  If all you want is the food, then it is more than serviceable.  For the whole package, go elsewhere.  Marcello's is just down the road.I only stopped for a drink, but they treated me as if I had ordered a meal.  The ample staff was very nice, and each member seemed to be doing every job.Just popped in for a drink and ended up ordering the steak tartare. Wow! If a seafood joint can do land-food this well I'll go naive and assume their seafood is better.
Celery in tartare?! I would never! But it works. It's set atop a nice country style (allegedly ciabatta) bread that tasted and appeared to be rye. Usually tartare is not put on the bread before serving but guess what, it's pretty close to perfect. 
I will return for a full meal because clearly there is talent I the kitchen.Just stopped by Peche and had some raw oysters that were good but had some boiled shrimp that were impossible to peal...sent them back The manager sent 2 back and said they weren't hard to peal!!! ...very unimpressed and will not be back!Where to start.. First off all the staff had attitude.They want you to think you are doing them a favor eating there, Second the food was mediocre.enough said .Absolutely delicious! One of my favorite restaurants hands down. Impeccable service. Great ambiance and decor. And the food...OMG the food was sooo good! Such well developed flavors. I couldn't decide which item I loved more. You can't go wrong here!***Don't Go Here!!!***
Everything you eat after coming here will be a sad excuse for food. This culinary delight is out of this world!!! 
Not one bite of our oysters, crab salad, bacon green beens or shrimp heads were short of amazing... but the snapper literally took our breath away! 
PS - we didn't save room for salted peanut pie but it was so good we polished off the plate anyway!This rating is NOT FOR THE FOOD- the food is 5 STARS, everything we had on the menu was amazing. The oysters were perfect, the crab claws so unique and flavorful, the soups were rich in flavor and authentic, and we ordered two orders of the crab capellini it was so tasty. Sat at the oyster bar and loved the friendly oyster and dessert prepping staff. HOWEVER, our floor server was horrendous- she was so rude, rushed us at every point in our meal, left dirty dishes at our station, and just had an all around generally terrible attitude. Our server was a horrible representation of a restaurant where the menu tries to speak for itself but can't mask the bad floor service. Cheers though to the kitchen and oyster staff!!!Reservations only though you can sit at the oyster bar and enjoy the full menu. Everyone was so nice including everyone working at the oyster bar we felt at home. The catfish was amazing!! Definitely will go back there service was top notch.Well after seeing this was the number one new Restaurant in the city and reading such great reviews, we decided to go today for lunch. Well lets start with being seated and waiting over 15 minutes for anyone to acknowledge us . I had to get who I thought to be a manager but could have been a dressed up hostess to find out who our server was and she didn't know . Said she had to look at the floor plan. Strike 1 . Ok so she bought us a few iced teas and still no server. Also during this time 5 to 6 tables had been sat and greeted with drinks including our soon to be server after us . So he comes over and tells us how he didn't see us and he was busy and blah blah blah . Strike 2 . Well I ordered a seafood gumbo to start , five minutes later it comes out in a bowl alone . No spoon or nothing . Strike 3 ! We were done . The lady came over again don't know if she was a manger or not , she asked if we would like to move sections but after 20-25 minutes we decided to just leave. Which is really sad cause I was looking foward to trying the skirt steak . Not saying we won't go back and try again but it won't be anytime soon, too many other places we wanna try .  Also I called later in the day to talk to the gm who was out of town and spoke with another manager and she said to call next time and they will take our reservations and make sure everything is right , so we will see in timeThe beauty of this place is the quality and flavor of the plates coming out of the wood fired oven.  Think tapas but better.  I would recommend going for dinner though since you'll want to try more and more things once you get going and that could end up being a lot of food for lunch!  They don't even call out that they make their own pasta... of course it's made in house.  Everything is just done exceptionally well and in a relatively casual atmosphere.  Really great.I dined here once before their James Beard win and once after. The quality went down tremendously. Maybe they couldn't handle the volume? The raw bar stuff is good but an equal quality product for less can be found elsewhere. I had the pb&j dessert. It was like eating peanut butter straight from the jar. I gave up after two bites. I loathe pricier restaurants that refuse to split the check. Really?!? My party of 4 can spend over $300 on dinner and you can't manage to make paying for it easier. The point of sale system should be set up to do it, requiring little effort of the staff.If you're remotely interested in raw oysters... GET THEM. This was my first time trying raw oysters, and I really enjoyed them here. My dad is an oyster connoisseur, and was raving about them. The drinks are refreshing and made to order (The Hemingway is a great spring / summer drink). 
I ordered the hanger steak, which was cooked perfectly. The salsa verde on top was amazing. The potatoes it can with were very lack luster and bland; no substitutions can be made for those. If you're looking for a great side, try the Brussel sprouts! I could have eaten an entire bowl by myself! 
The service was great. Will definitely be back!If really really fresh seafood is what you are after then this is hands down the place to go. Probably the best and freshest oysters in Louisiana. Tuna Crudo was absolutely amazing, catfish sticks light and perfectly fried. The baked local drum fish was Devine. Their Seafood salad is so delicious and goes well with their great list of cocktails. Try their Pants on fire cocktail. To the owners keep it up love your Reataurant. I come every time I'm in NOLA.Food was very tasty - we had the whole fish and shrimp croquettes with several sides. What kept it from being a 5 for us was the incredibly LOUD atmosphere (I literally couldn't hear the person sitting next to me) and the knowledgable, but somewhat inattentive wait staff (our water glasses went empty, empty plates were left on the table long after we were finished and our fish bones were left to fester on their plate until it was time for dessert - not what you'd expect from a $$$ restaurant).We had an outstanding meal at this James Beard award winning restaurant. The overall vibe is casual and comfortable, and the service was gracious and attentive. We started with cocktails, an order of hush puppies and a plate of oysters, which were all delicious. For dinner I had the baked Drum (a type of red fish) which came in a fantastic, umami-bomb of a reduction, with artichoke purée and a grilled piece of baguette to mop up the delicious sauce. It was maybe the best fish I've ever had. We also ordered sides of brussel sprouts and some cauliflower, which were both excellent; the cauliflower essentially tasted like a delicious mac and cheese. Desserts were a bit of a letdown, because they were all pretty average, but the meal as a whole was special.Everything was pretty good! The oysters are REALLY fresh and super clean! The isle dauphine oysters is salty but really good! The tuna dip is chicly and good. The beef tartare comes pretty big and stuff but also really good! Now,the crab claw! Not as everybody rated.its okay not that great. The crab jalapeño capellini pasta is pretty good! Have a great Spice kick that's addicting! The special fish of the day grilled Cobia was ok to me but my friend really liked it. The peas that came with it is good! The dessert are ok. That Caramel cake had way to mix caramel but my friend like it! The parfait was a bit toEverything we ordered was delicious. Seriously everything. 
We took the bartenders recommendations. We had a mix of raw bar, snacks, small plate, and a side-- catfish with greens (delicious), roasted carrots (weird but very good), smoked tuna dip (least favorite), and raw snapper with coconut & lime (soooo good). We had another raw item as part of their nightly special. 
Our total came to around $50. We left full and very happy. We'll probably go again in the next month.Food was very good but...the ambient noise was ridiculous, no bread or small snack to begin and the utensils for each dish were inappropriate. For example, we ordered the spicy ground shrimp with noodles - which was fettuccine with a nice tomato sauce....which they severed with a fork. No spoon or bread to soak up the spicy ground shrimp. Dessert we ordered a galette which came with a spoon ( where was that when we were eating the spicy noodles) -we could have used a knife to cut through the rather tasty crust.
Final assessment .... Good food but wouldn't go back.This was definitely one of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans, and I'm looking forward to coming back when I'm there next.
It's not the cheapest place, but the service is impeccable and the wine and food are fantastic. You really can't go wrong with anything you order here, as long as you like seafood (if you don't, you've found yourself at the wrong place). I can definitely see how they got a James Beard.
My personal favorite: the whole fish.This was another bookmark we were able to mark off of our Yelp to try list.   We had some raw oysters fresh and delicious.   Catfish and greens, gumbo and hush puppies.   Everything we ordered was delicious however the hush puppies were outrageously delish crispy on the outside and lite and fluffy melt in your mouth on the inside.  A must try! I would go back for the hush puppies alone.Yes, their whole fishes are stars. That's the way fish should always be eaten. 
However, the standout for me was the crudo. Oh man, I absolutely recommend getting it, whatever style it is that day. My friend and I had a few others things that were quite good, although we agreed the shrimp roll was passable.
Service was great and attentive. Our waitress didn't bat an eye when our table of 2 asked a million questions and ordered way too many dishes. She was very helpful in letting us know what wine to pick, and her personality absolutely added to the meal.
The restaurant is definitely loud, but I see myself coming back. A phenomenal place.Visiting from So Cal, on our walk to the WWII museum, we needed to stop for a cold beer and  stepped into Peche.  Greeted by a friendly hostess, she sat us at the bar.  Oysters were recommended and when we saw they served Brussel sprouts, well, we were in.
Turned out to be a great combo.  The bar man was most helpful.  He even recommended I order Mill High-life beer, a beer i hadn't tried in 35 years.  It was the right pairing for the oysters.
When in NOLA next, make it a point to stop in and have lunch or dinner.  Fantastic.We had a wonderful meal here with outstanding service. One of the owners sat us and was charming. Our waiter could not have been more professional and took special care with a peanut allergy at our table. We had oysters as starters which were delicious. The tuna dip was great. The entrees were delicious- baked drum and the Mahi special. We shared the key lime pie and house sorbets. I plan to be back- a high compliment in a city full of great restaurantsHad the whole red drum, tuna belly, fish stick, collard greens, smoked tuna dip, marinated crab claws, Nicaragua rum, IPA, and dessert with the APO team. Wonderful night: 11/11/2016Great service and seafood. Order the huge Louisiana oysters on the half-shell and enjoy the perfectly prepared sauces to complement their rich earthy flavor. Amazing baked drum with coconut broth- who thinks of such madness and makes it taste so fabulous? The textures and temperatures of all the seafood dishes here are on point and memorable. Addicted to the Gintilly Shakedown cocktail which features cucumber, ginger, lemon and cava, as well as gin! This place also has a warm atmosphere for early dinner.A nice seafood restaurant with a spacious, modern, clean, and relaxing atmosphere. Ordered several small plate dishes and I don't think you can go wrong with anything they make here. Definitely splurge a little!Awesome awesome seafood.  Get the whole grilled fish, the crab pasta, the Brussel sprouts, the desserts. Laid back atmosphere also presents a nice casual dining experience.Wait staff is amazing but steak was medium rare to rare when I asked for medium. Unfortunately I don't think I can eat meat again for a bit. But the staff keeps this rating a 3.We had an amazing lunch at Peche and two outstanding wait people that made it worth eating at this award-winning restaurant.
The food was spot on, perfectly cooked and timely-presented. I know hearing about the food is the primary reason why folks read Yelp.
But it was the wait people's response that was so significant.  I have some special needs because of a medical condition and the drugs I take, and the staff made sure everything was appropriate and intervened once to ensure that I was served properly.
In other words, they were outstanding.  Oh, and they lived up to there culinary reputation.  Everything I are was outstanding.I liked the ambience. Floor length glass windows so you felt you were a beachside seafood shack (albeit a very elegant one). The prices at lunch and dinner are the same so I'd go for dinner as other places have much better deals at lunch.
Best oysters in New Orleans for which I give it 5 stars alone. $1.35 each. The seafood gumbo was amazing. The fried bread was interesting as it seems the deep fried balls of bread giving it an interesting texture. Not sure I'd order it again, but it was interesting. The crab and jalapeño capellini and shrimp roll was sold choices. The whole grilled redfish was well executed and came with a mint-based "pesto" on top. But it was a bit pricey for what you get (If I remember correctly it was $58). The cocktails here weren't quite up to par with the other New Orleans restaurants we went to. The salted peanut pie, pineapple rum cake, and salted caramel cake were all great; I was partial to the salted caramel cakeHad a piece of grilled cobia for lunch.  The fish was served over cooked and dried out.  For a restaurant that specializes in fish/seafood and for 28 bucks we expect greater finesse.Simply superb dining in New Orleans. Curried mussels amazing, as well as the tuna. I found no fault with the service at all, and I liked the decor. Good drinks and a more convivial atmosphere would be hard to find.This place is incredible! I came here with my family for my sister's graduation weekend back in May, and it completely blew my mind. It was very crowded and therefore very loud in the restaurant, but the food was amazing, and our waitress was awesome! 
I am a vegetarian so there wasn't really anything on the menu that I could eat, which at first was upsetting, but when our waitress came by with the most delicious mystery dish I have ever eaten, I was in heaven. It was rice with pesto and vegetables with some sort of delicious spice-filled sauce. 
Everyone was happy with their meals, and our waitress was so friendly and attentive. We finished our meals with the Sticky Apple Toffee Cake, which was so delicious that it was gone in seconds. I will definitely be back whenever I find myself in New Orleans again.Wife and I stopped in for dinner on a Friday night in February. We were at Herbsaint the night before and had a great dinner, so we decided to try our luck at Peche. Luckily we got a same day late reservation--10 p.m. The bar area was lovely and we enjoyed a few drinks (try the Ancient Mariner) before being sat. The dining room is large and handsome, but this is part of the problem. It is loud and hectic. Some might say exuberant and bustling, but my wife and I had trouble carrying on a conversation. A lot of the time we just sat looking around and making an occasional comment. We tried a few sides/apps. The Brussel sprouts with chili were okay, but the chili tasted very similar to kimchi. Not bad, but not really rocking my world. We had a fish dish that was tasty, drum I believe. The service was disjointed. I suppose it's a team service style, but after watching the mad rush around us and not really being able to talk to the same server twice, let alone my dinner date, I found it hard to justify much of a gratuity or a recommendation. We were fed good food, but the atmosphere was demanding and left us feeling that the designers had styled the restaurant without thinking of how sound affects the experience. Not sure there's anything on the menu that was a "must taste" either. Overall just didn't live up to the expectation.My oh my what a great place to eat and drink! My mom and I was visiting New Orleans and this restaurant happened to be near our hotel so we decided to check it out. It was around 3:30pm and there was a good amount of people in there at that time. I thought we wouldn't get seated but they told us we can grab seats by the bar and luckily we only waited 5 minutes. The bartender took our orders right away and we started off with some drinks. My mom had great raft black lager and I had the crispin brown lane cider. I definitely enjoyed the cider and it was super refreshing. One of the best apple ciders I've had in awhile. 
Since we didn't want to eat too much and wanted some quick bites, we started off with some fresh half dozen oysters. This was the freshest oysters I've had and it was one of the bests. (The oysters were more the smaller end though FYI) The oysters also came with some sauce and lemon. We also ordered some fried bread with sea salt. The fried bread is similar to the hush puppies but with some sea salt. They were delicious and freshly made. Both the oysters and the fried bread went well with our drinks. 
The overall service was good and the bartender/waitress were attentive. The food was definitely delicious. I wish I got to eat other things on the menu but this was definitely a good place to grab a quick bite! Next time I'm in town, I would like to eat here during dinner and try other things on the menu. They have variety of dishes on their menu and they all sound amazing. Definitely check this place out if you're in the area!I'd put this on my "Best Restaurants In New Orleans" list for sure. At a John Besh place you expect the catfish, oysters, tuna to all be great and they are. The bonus for me was things like fish sticks and even Brussels Sprouts that are the best anywhere. Make that reservation with confidence.The milieu is as cool as the raw bar.  Excellent fish and drink options as well.  Staff are prompt and courteous.  A great find.Some may say Peche is overrated, but I disagree. This was my first stop in New Orleans and I fell in love. I sat at the beautiful and fancy bar with barely any space. I sat between some younger girls who were sharing the smoked tuna dip with Premium crackers and drinking rose. The ladies to my other side were meeting over some interior design business and drinking rose also. I chose a red because I just don't love sweet whites. It didn't matter because the food was fresh and amazing - I got half a dozen oysters and the steak tartare. The steak tartare was service on top of bread heavily slathered with butter. 
By the time I looked up from my meal, I noticed the restaurant was packed and there were people waiting for space at the bar. Peche is expensive, but it's a worthwhile experience.Excellent in every way. We got oysters, catfish, salad, pineapple rum cake, and shrimp bisque. They were all GREAT.  Service was also exceptional. 6 stars!Excellent, fresh gulf seafood in a very cool atmosphere.  Great service as well.  The restaurant was packed - my wife and I walked in without reservations, sat at the Oyster Bar and it was perfect.  We ordered a number of small plates rather than entres so we were able to taste a lot of things.  To much to list but everything was excellent.  
There was this raw redfish dish - almost like a cevich but it had coconut milk I believe. That was our favorite.  
Fish n' chips, as simple and common as it is, was really great as well.
Crawfish angel hair pasta - spicy and delish.
Highly recommended.Delicious crab and jalapeno capellini pasta, raw oysters, seafood salad!!!  Awesome!  Great atmosphere. Everything looked great.As locals, we have eaten here numerous times. The food is always on point. However, the service last night left much to be desired. 
Sat at the oyster bar and ordered. 40 minutes later our entrees had not arrived. My husband & I began to wonder if they had lost our order. The raw bar employees who had been conversing with us all night, independently wondered the same and flagged down our waiter to inquire about our food.  Finally, our food appeared. And 5 minutes later, two other couples next to us who had just sat down received their food with maybe a 10 minute wait.  Spoke with the waiter who gave no reason for the delay. He was rude, condescending. Then spoke with manager, who had a similar attitude but indicated that he "would take care of the meal." Went to sign our check and realized that nothing was taken care of. 
Left very disgruntled and feeling that the service was some of the worst we had had in the city. Will not be returning. Though this restaurant does have delicious food, its service is not of the caliber of a James Beard award winner.This is a 3 1/2 star review.  First the positives... This place is gorgeous-- the decor and natural light.  It has a great location on Julia street-- near galleries and shops.  My appetizer was divine-- fresh raw tuna, with peanuts and a chili glaze.  The Brussels Sprouts were so good I barely shared them-- although they were plentiful.   The wilted greens served with my main course were also delightful.  Our children's homemade Heath ice cream was delicious.  Staff was very  accommodating-- since we were a 1/2 late for reservation.  My concerns-- I did not receive the dirty martini that I asked for-- either the server did not convey my request or the bartender didn't know how to make one.  There were no blue cheese olives at the bar (perhaps not a NOLA thing).  Most surprisingly was my main course-- I ordered the swordfish from the fresh menu.  When it was served it was a on a bed of very over seasoned rice and drowning in a sweet remoulade sauce.  Both the rice and the sauce were so powerful and could not taste my fish-- very disappointing.  Considering the price point and the awards this chef has won I would expect a much more balanced and sensitive dish.  Would I go back?  Only if I was with someone else who insisted and was paying. #chifoodie #foodtourism #NOLAtourismStopped in for dinner with the bride and daughter for a 6pm reservation. Very disappointing given the rave reviews. Very uneven quality. The steak tartare was excellent lamb kabob was Terrible. The accompanying cucumber salad was very bitter. The lamb was ground and oddly seasoned. The Gulf Shrimp were way over cooked and had too much fennel by half. The oysters were good but the salted Carmel cake tasted like truck stop frozen and defrosted goods. The kicker was the seafood gumbo; arrived room temperature. I don't need to tell you temperature is the number one cause of food borne illness. Most fine dining establishments upon bring told of such a gross violation of health practices will replace it with HOT soup and usually comp it too. Not here. It came back warmer and we paid full fare. Oh and by the way, what's up with the manager hovering over the customers observing the service ( or whatever he was doing)? Go away, dude!
In short, save yourself the aggravation and go to Emeril's or any of the fine dining establishments New Orleans is famous for and take a pass on Pesche!Really wanted to like this place.  Great oysters to start and a decent Manhattan.  We ordered six or so items - apps/shared plates, etc.
They all came at once - literally six dishes plus the oysters.  A bit much since some were cold or hot dishes.
The shrimp toast was tasteless.  Had no flavor. Catfish was ok, but I've had better. It sat in an odd sauce so my last bite (did not finish it) was very soggy. Corn was ok as were the sprouts.
Service felt very rushed.  They were clearing the table as they were trying to finalize the bill.  Actually took the glass from my dinner companion.  Never seen that before.
Dinner wasn't even 40 minutes.  Next time I'll go to Cochon.We were in New Orleans for a conference and were told by multiple people that Peche was the place to try. We happened to walk by it during the week, so we made dinner reservations for the following evening. The only reservation we could get was at 10pm, but that worked perfectly fine for us. I would highly recommend that you make reservations ahead of time, as there's always a huge crowd hanging out outside. 
We spent the next day browsing through pictures of the food on Yelp, but still had a hard time deciding what to order because everything looked and sounded so good! We ended up ordering the marinated crab claws, the crab & jalapeno capellini, and the jumbo shrimp with bacon & shell beans. The crab claws were really satisfying and vinegary. They were also a fun finger food to eat. Our favorite by far was the crab & jalapeno capellini. It was so amazingly delicious, I don't even know how the describe it. The sauce was so perfect. I just wish it were 5X larger! Our server then came over and recommended that we also order the fried bread so that we could dip it in the capellini sauce and enjoy every last bit. Best suggestion ever. The fried bread on its own was already good, but dipping it in the capellini sauce was just YUM. 
Hands down our favorite restaurant so far in New Orleans. We'll definitely have to pay Peche a visit when we come back in the future!Great time at Peche!  We arrived on a Sunday at 8pm and there was a crowd! What was I thinking. No seats available at the restaurant but there was an hour wait at the oyster bar and seats at the bar. After a wait we were able to get seats at the bar. We ordered 2 dozen oysters and they were divine. The gumbo was bleh. The drinks were on point and the bartenders were friendly.  I will be back1We were seeing this restaurant pop up in every search which makes me believe that stuff is rigged. Terrible service, sure order the whole fish which happens to be peasant food and is way over priced at $60. The server never checked on us and we needed some wine parings. Long story short this place is full of people walking around doing nothing. Mediocre food, lots of mint in everything and hipsters. No thanks!My husband and I LOVE to use anniversaries as an excuse to spend a lot of $$ on good food.  We have been known to bargain shop on every other aspect of our lives in order to blow a ridiculous amount on a fancy meal.  We have our staples in New Orleans.
We were hoping that Peche would become one of those staples.  It had just won the James Beard award for best new restaurant and so many locals had insisted we go for our 2nd wedding anniversary.  My friend who works at Food and Wine Magazine insisted I try it and report back.  Alas, it has not become one of those staples.  It's not bad, it's just mediocre.
Most importantly, it was the inconsistency with the food.  Unlike my husband, I can get past service and atmosphere if the food blows my mind.  But it was so inconsistent.  There were a couple of appetizers that were great--the catfish with the pickled greens, for instance--but some were not.  The capellini and crab was really tasty, but it came out with the pasta all clumped together like it wasn't cooked enough or was cooked incorrectly.  The ceviche was *ok* but needed some kind of acid or sweetness like from a red onion like traditional ceviche so all in all it was kind of bland.  We ordered the special entree of a whole fish and it came out really, really dry.    
The service was also inconsistent.  for this price point not only do we expect great food, but also great service.  At first, our waiter was very attentive, nice, etc.  but then he kind of disappeared and another server started helping us, and then another.  It's clear they have an "all in it together" system, which is fine, but get your communication clear, guys!  Before our entree came out, a waiter who did not take our order came over and offered us the dessert menu.  When we were finished with our entree/side dishes, no one came to clear the table for almost 15 minutes.  The restaurant was very busy.  But there were so many servers and they had been so over eager to offer us dessert before, what happened?!  When we complained about the clumpy pasta, they immediately took it off the check, but I only knew this because I was watching the interaction happen with the manager and saw him take it off, but the manager didn't come over and apologize or anything, which I would also expect at a restaurant that had just been awarded best new restaurant and best new chef.
The atmosphere was fine, casual, but it's awful noisy. Ii like the decor, though, and know now that if we're looking for something a little on the romantic side, this is NOT the place, but better if your party is a group, preferably a little rowdy.
The dessert was good, we were happy to have gone, we were happy the appetizer was taken off the check, and we had a lovely evening; however, we wouldn't race back at this price point knowing there is more consistent experiences to be had in New Orleans.I was so looking forward to eating here. And then I actually did. Blah. First, I was so freezing cold with air blowing on me that I couldn't enjoy myself. secondly, I wanted to love the shrimp bisque, but then it came out luke warm (my friend actually sent hers back to get heated more, I just pushed mine off to the side and they took it off the bill). Did I mention the large quantity of shrimp shells in my mouth from the soup?!  Finally, Oysters were okay tasting but had this weird chewy heart that wasn't pleasant. I really wanted to like this place. Two stars for the ambience.The setting was airy and relaxed. Their oysters were fresh, but at $2.65-2.75 a piece they'd better be. The highlight of my meal was the tuna crudo: it was delicious from the look to the taste. It was like a party in your mouth with just the right amount of heat, and a nice combo of textures. So fun to eat. I wouldn't recommend their fried brussels sprouts. It was quite dark and tasted burned. I sent it back.wow.  this time round we picked a restaurant on type of food, and got a complete surprize.   we had MANY things. 
first off when I called to make the reservation?  anything over four they want a credit card to hold it.  brilliant.  I work in the biz, but we don't take reservations, cause when you do?  no one is ever on time, and you have no customers.  I thought this idea?  to be one of brilliance.   however because of the conversation I was having the hostess actually didn't take my card.  that was cool too, so when I got to the door?  she knew who I was cause I have a pretty distinct voice.  also over the top wonderful there.
I went to the bar, where two of my fave bartenders in the city are working.   I had no idea.   that was the next thing that made me smile.  I ordered wine and then half dozen oysters while I waited for my friends.
I picked the bartenders brains for what to order, and the answers they gave?  we pretty much followed.
once all my party showed up we went to a table, where we ordered WHOLE FISH dishes, and several, I do mean several smaller side dishes.   the drum, yum.   yellow snapper was delightful and the fish collars were over the top.   simple and delightful, the crunchiness on the collars was a nice touch.    seeing an entire fish also is a nice presentation and we got plenty of pictures.
crab and artichoke fritters actually got ordered a second time round cause the first they disappeared quickly.   the lamb tender and the eggplant yummy garlic goodness.   the raw bar tuna and cantaloupe was delicious, and so was the crunchy rice bacon side.   We did so many dishes I cannot recall them all.   
the signature drinks were the topper, and so were the desserts.   key lime goodness.    very happy with the entire meal, and the staff was friendly and on top of every moment at the table.
so glad we came here and I highly recommend this place.   I don't usually do seafood places in nola, but this one?  I would come back to.   I have a thing about fish.   its got to be todays catch, and this one was a keeper.This place is a liitle out of the way but definitely worth it. It has a rustic vibe with a modern twist. Started with the claw caps. A little small but tasted great. Based on other reviews we went with the whole redfish. Wow was this good!! Totally recommend this. Got the brussel sprouts on the side. Me and my wife loved them. Finished the meal off with the almond praline ice cream. Honestly not that great but its ice cream. How great can it be.I'm in love - fried bread!  It was beyond - we ordered 2 orders for my companion & myself.
I had the ahi tuna appetizer & lobster roll sandwich. The ahi was fabulous.  The lobster roll was quite tasty.  The right amount of bread for the amount  of filling.  
Dessert - it was my last meal in New Orleans, so after the fried bread orgasmic experience  & the hearty lobster roll, had the chocolate peanut butte.  It was a delectable way to end a fabulous time w/a bestie.Peche is definitely the best new seafood restaurant in New Orleans. I went a few weeks ago and sat at the oyster bar, which was a fantastic experience. For an appetizer we had a mix of Louisiana and Apalachicola oysters served on the half shell and shucked before our very eyes. The guys at the bar were entertaining and friendly. For an entrée I had Pompano, and it was certainly the best Pompano I have ever had. It was one of the best fish dishes I've ever had growing up in New Orleans. I can't wait to return to this restaurant, and I recommend it to both tourists and locals to experience excellent seafood expertly prepared!Had the Crab + jalapeño capellini and was very satisfied. Was nice portion but if you are hungry add something extra to your meal.I've never been to Peche and have always wanted to try so it was a pleasant surprise when bf made reservations with this restaurant. Peche was actually very good and didn't disappoint. We ordered many small plates and one entree so we could try a little bit of everything. It was definitely more than enough food for the both of us.
From the raw bar, we ordered:
1. Tuna crudo - light and refreshing. Definitely enjoyed the way they seasoned it since I'm used to any type of crudo being presented in specialized oil.
2. 1/2 dozen oysters - they never disappoint.
Appetizers:
1. Steak tartar was fabulous! I like how the celery added a bit of crunch to the dish.
Snacks:
1. Smoked tuna dip - strong but good. Def something to try & take the rest to go so you'll have room for other foods. Seemed like there was paprika on top? Not sure.
Small plates:
1. Crab + jalapeño capellini - this was my favorite dish. It was moderate size and noodles felt light with each bite. It wasn't overpowering and heavy like other pasta dishes I've had. 
2. Lamb skewers - I'm normally not a big fan of lamb since I feel like my tasteful encounters have been gamey but I enjoyed the skewers here. It came with a white sauce & mixed greens on the side.
Entree:
1. Baked drum - our server sold us on this dish. It was exactly how she described and the bread was sooo good. I liked the sauce because it wasn't too heavy nor was it overly salty. Too much red sauce ignites my acid reflux so I really enjoyed this dish because it was on the milder side of it.
Desserts:
1. Vanilla ice cream - boyfriend's choice
2. Magic cake - such an interesting dessert. It's flourless cake? Kinda like flan or is flan.. don't remember exactly but it was encompasses by a cho late shell and had a crispy base. It was really really delightful & different.
Overall, I enjoyed my experience here. Our server heather was amazing! Her positive attitude and passion for food was a breath of fresh air. Whenever we go to restaurants, servers don't normally introduce themselves and who they will be working with but heather initiated the introduction so that's something bf & I really appreciate. I'll def be back!Perfect decision for a delicious dinner after touring the WWII museum.  Great food.  Beautiful restaurant.  Great service!  One of the people in our group is a vegetarian, and they were able to accommodate, but more menu variety would have been nice.In the Warehouse district, Pêche is a perfect stop after gallery watching.  All fish dishes are fantastic, but don't forget the Brussels sprouts with vinegar dressing.Excellent food and friendly staff. Only 4 stars because they forgot my side order. Still a great establishment. P.s. We were advised to make reservations but we got lucky and was seated quickly.Finally! Another great seafood restaurant in New Orleans, beautiful interior. 
*Highlights
Variety of oysters on the half shell with FRESH horseradish (probably the best I've ever had)
We ordered
Grilled Flounder - light curry sauce, not as flakey as other fish but still good 
Crab claws w/ pickled chilies 13 - light vinaigrette, very refreshing
Catfish w/pickled greens + chili broth $10 - not bad, loved the collard greens
Spicy ground shrimp + noodles $12 - fresh noodles, not very spicy
Fried brussels sprouts w/ chili vinegar $7 - crispy and light
Key lime pie $8 - good, not a key lime fan
El dorado 15yr rum, Guyana $9 - the guyana (ice cream) taste delicious but the cake wasn't my favorite.. it was like a spice cake
Everything was delicious as expected! We had the grilled flounder, which was good. Next time I would like to try the whole fried red fish. The sides had to be my favorite, broccoli and cauliflower. The shrimp and noodles tasted flavorful and fresh! For the dessert, I would have to say to pass. 
The service was up to par, one of the best. I would recommend this to anyone looking for great seafood in the CDC area.We splurged on the whole fish and it was extremely bland so we made the (difficult) decision to send it back... The manager was very rude and dismissive of us. I feel bad for the one star but the food was terrible and the manager was very rude. I will definitely not come back and i will definitely discourage my friends from coming here.We love Peche for both lunch and dinner. We made 9p reservations and we arrived around 9:05. Our table was not ready and therefore we went to the (very crowded) bar to have a drink. Our table was ready before we finished our first drink so we weren't waiting too long. And the bartenders are professional and attentive. 
My favorite part about Peche is that they have small plates, apps and sides so you can get a variety of food without breaking the bank. 
Everything we ate as delicious and flavorful. Maybe a little too flavorful. 
Fried Brussel sprouts were to die for
Fried bread with sea salt = we wanted more!
Pickled catfish was good but I didn't eat the greens so it wasn't very special for me
Crab pasta was delicious
Lamb skewers are my favorite - spicy with creamy cucumber sauce (yes please!)
White beans were so so so good
Ginger cookie with peach ice cream was amazing
Salted caramel cake was eh. I'm a huge salted caramel fan but was not impressed by this cake one bit.
Service was great. We had a tag team of servers and one was fantastic - the other guy just came around to ask how everything was and took our paid check. So, he just wanted his tip share. Lol
Overall another excellent evening at Peche! And I think with two drinks and all that food our meal for three was $105. Oh, and they put a candle in the cake for the birthday girl!The food was good and the service was okay, but my card was *triple* charged in comparison for what I signed on my bill. I tried calling to get it sorted out, but was hung up on three times in a row before I could even get a word out. 
That's three strikes for me.Spent the day at the WWII museum followed up by a short walk to Peche.  The Tuna appetizer was wonderful. Service was attentive and friendly.  Lunch was paced well.  I had the catfish that day and it was superb.  Would definitely returnPeche was highly recommended and did not disappoint. They have some amazingly fresh seafood (shrimp came in that day), a great selection of food, cocktails, and appetizers, and the service was fantastic. If you love your seafood, try the raw bar.
I highly recommend the Tuna and the Catfish for the entrée. The Brussel sporuts were tasty. Save some room for the Peanut Butter Pie. This place fills quickly so make sure to get your reservation in advance.Peche has a special place in my heart. When someone asks where they must eat in NOLA I always say Peche and make a reservation! It's not your traditional NOLA food but the food is amazing, which is probably why it has two James Beard awards. Come hungry and share lots of plates!  Service has always been wonderful, these servers know how to handle big groups and waits. 
Appetizers - Highly recommend you get oysters or the seafood platter. The seafood platter has a wonderful selection of chilled seafood. Also get the smoked tuna dip! Hands down my favorite dish at the restaurant, i could eat endless bowls of this dip. Other good items are the shrimp toast, hushpuppies, and fried bread.
Small Plates - Fish sticks, crab and jalapeño capellini, grilled chicken, and ground shrimp with noodles are wonderful selections to share. 
Grill/Entrees - This menu changes almost weekly so ask your server for the best selection. The rib eye and whole grilled fish are always solid options. 
Dessert - If you have a big group, order one of each. If you are limited to a selection, the caramel cake and rum cake are good options, or try their sorbet for something light.Make a reservation. 
This place is popular. We arrived around 6pm on a Saturday not knowing too much about it, and couldn't get a seat in the dining room because they were booked for the evening. They have an oyster bar in the back but there was a 45 minute wait. So that left us at the regular bar, where service is first come first served. Not having a backup plan, we grabbed the last 2 seats at the bar. 
The service we received at the bar was exceptional! The bartender/server was very knowledgeable about the menu and was very cheerful and excited we were there! There were several other couples eating at the bar, so we didn't feel out of place. Sitting at the bar meant people trying to get drinks were breathing down my neck and reaching over us to pay while we tried to enjoy our meal. Take the good with the bad I guess? 
We shared a dozen oysters and the smoked tuna dip (amazing!), and for my main course I had the seafood gumbo. The gumbo portion was very small, more so an appetizer size rather than an actual entree. Good thing my husband let me share some of his smothered catfish! Overall, pretty pricey for dishes with small portions, but it was expected at such an establishment. I like the aesthetic of the restaurant, but I don't think it was worth the price tag. Would return for the smoked tuna dip!I wish I could give this place more than five stars! Food and service are both fantastic. If you have reservations you are good  to go, if not, get there before 6:30pm! They have two bar areas that serve the full menu and they fill up fast. Ordered the baked drum (fish), grilled corn on the cob with white BBQ sauce and the crab capellini. Wow!  It is obvious why this place/chef is a two time James Beard award winner!Amazing food. Grumpy service. They refused to do separate checks or allow more than 4 credit cards for our group of 7 on a business trip.Love sitting at the bar for oysters and cocktails. Gentilly shakedowns are our favorite and we also love getting snacks like the crab claws or tuna from the raw bar. The oysters never disappoint!!Great service.  Waitress were very helpful and kind.  Food was okay.  Ambiance excellent.  Price, a bit much.
Items ordered:
--Whole fish of the day.  It was good and fresh, delicious but not $56 good.  $56 for whole fish is quite steep.  
--Crawl crabs: it was okay, might be really good for some people who likes pickled things.
--Fried bread: meh, wouldn't order again.  Would have been plain without dipping in $56 fish juice sauce.
--brussel sprouts: best dish, tangy, nicely fried.  overall delicious
--smoked tuna dip: meh, served with saltine crackers...i mean, if you're gonna serve smoked tuna dip...why such a plain cheap cracker?Our 5F (Fourth Friday for Foodies and Fun) group went recently. Luckily we made reservations because it was a busy place.  Everyone was friendly, food was good.  A couple of our dishes was on the salty side but overall we all enjoyed our food and the bill was extremely reasonable for dinner for 4.Exceptional ingredients, terrific execution and great service. It all adds up to a wonderful experience. Oh and a pretty fun wine list too. 
Whole roasted fish with salsa verde stole the show, but every dish was solid. Smoked tuna dip, oysters, fish sticks, lamb skewers, and sides!A must for local seafood!
I was in town for the weekend and heard from multiple sources that Pesche was not to be missed. I'm a big fan of Butcher and Cochon, so was excited to try the group's spin on seafood. 
My husband and I decided to go for apps and drinks. We did not have a reservation but from other reviews saw that the bar area is first come first serve (and offers the full food menu). We arrived around 7pm on a Saturday and luckily grabbed the last bar seats available (thanks to the hostess who gave us the tip on who was being seated next). The place was already fairly crowded and continued to fill up as the night went on, so we were happy we got a spot. The atmosphere at the bar and the restaurant was very cozy with some cool rustic decor. 
The bartenders were awesome- very attentive and gave solid recommendations. We ordered a half dozen oysters - Local 3 from Louisiana ($1.35/oyster) which were surprisingly very large. We immediately wanted more. The bartender suggested that we add some of the Dauphin Island ($2.75/oyster) to the next order. Those were delicious - very clean and well worth the additional price.  We also got the crab leg small plate (great flavors) and the fried bread with seat salt app (yum!). For drinks we tried some of the gin cocktails and were impressed. Can't speak to the mains, and thus the four as opposed to five star rating, but everything coming out looked amazing.
Overall, great atmosphere, service and food. Next time I'm in town I'll be back to enjoy dinner!Peche was amazing! The decor was beautiful and our server was great. She told us that the pillars have been there since the building was first built and they're still used to support the building. So they're definitely not trying to hard. 
We were a bit early for our reservation so we decided to get a drink at the bar. The bartenders were awesome and recommended I try the Hemingway. The muddled cucumbers were delicious. My boyfriend had the Venice rising, also great. 
For our meal we had the tuna dip, crawfish gratinee, white beans with bacon, grilled eggplant and Brabant potatoes to start. They were all so yummy! For entrees my boyfriend had the whole red fish and I had the smothered catfish. I left room for their peanut butter banana pie and it was delicious. So much food! We left happy and stuffed! I can't wait to come back.Hands down, eat here when in NOLA. It's amazing. This was by far our best meal. Recommended by a friend, she said she didn't want to overhype it but one of the dishes was the best she ever had. It had a lot to live up to, but honestly it is one of the top 5 meals we've ever had. The food is great - exactly what you would imagine a great New Orleans restaurant to be. Full of seafood and spice - everything was fantastic.
Definitely make a reservation - we had a 9 pm reso and the bar was still packed three deep when we got there. Also, it's less than a mile from the French Quarter but the area surrounding it gets extremely dead at night, so you might want to take a cab rather than walk it.Recommended to us by a local in an art gallery, this was an amazing lunch. Incredible quality, varied options and a great modern twist on classic southern ingredients. As a chef friend would say-'good groceries!!'Great vibe at the oyster bar, highly recommend ordering the baked drum, and their dessert menu is absolutely fantastic! I got the key lime pie but every dessert I saw coming out of the kitchen looked better than the last.Really delicious meal and amazing service. Everything about this place is 5/5, we got the whole  red snipper, dozain of oysters with the salad and the potatoes - I recommend it to everybody.Absolutely the best, hands down 
Their whole fish is amazing 
You do need to make reservations several hours aheadI heard great things about this place, so I decided to try it for lunch.  For starters, I went with a half dozen Louisiana oysters from Area 3, marinated crab claws and a dish of crab and jalapeño capellini.  I had the smothered catfish for the main course.  For dessert, I tried the peanut pie with chocolate sauce.  Oh, my Goodness, was this food good!  Simply delicious!
Like the Terminator, I'll be back.My friend that i was visiting in NOLA recommended this new restaurant because he had heard great things about it, and my experience lived up to it's already great reputation. Everything about Peche was great. Plus, it didn't have the out of sync feel that a lot of new restaurants have. The service is smooth and knowledgable, and the atmosphere is very fresh and quaint. 
You pretty much have to get a reservation far in advance. I got one on Monday for a Tuesday dinner and the only available was 9pm. If you find yourself with a late dinner as well, it is well worth the wait. 
The beer and wine list was extensive with plenty of local options for all tastes; However, the food wins the race here. I got Louisiana area oysters and the baked drum. The oysters were huge and delicious, and the baked drum was pleasantly unique. The fish itself wasn't abnormally spectacular, but the chickpeas were amazing and made the dish. Compared to the other restaurants i tried in NOLA, this was by far the best.Yes, hello, Peche. I love you. Everyone already raves about the specifics so I'll just lay out what we got:
2 Hemingways (adorably pink, not sure if the writer would appreciate as much though...)
2 Ancient Mariners (good and rummy in my tummy)
Fried Bread (those bread balls are my crack)
"Fried" Brussels Sprouts (more like pan friend/sautéed, which I loved)
Crab Claws (that vinaigrette though, soak it up with bread... oh man)
1/2 dozen Louisiana oysters (big and mucky, just like I like 'em)
1/2 dozen Dauphine Island, Alabama oysters (smaller, cleaner taste - went great with the oniony vinaigrette they provided)
and the big whammy:
2 1/2 pounds of TUNA BELLY. Oh dear, my stomach. It went to heaven. I have never had such succulent meat. Whew!
They only had two of these bad boys, and we were already thinking of splitting a whole fish anyway, so we just went for it.
Overall, whole bill set us back $160 and we still had leftover brussels sprouts (after really pushing to finish that tuna belly). Also, my computer has alerted me that brussels sprouts have the 's' at the end of 'brussels'! Who knew!
Anyway, we all know how good it is. Yes it is expensive, depending on how crazy you go, but it is so worth it. Can't afford to come back every week like I would want, but it is a favorite seafood joint in the city.Excellent atmosphere (we sat at the bar), quality food and friendly bartender. For two people we got 4 appetizers/small plates and shared a shrimp roll and it was perfection. Several local beers to choose from and the NOLA brewery blonde was my favorite. 
Fried bread balls were simple but delicious. The brussels sprouts were perfectly seasoned and great. Shrimp roll is quite large, so great for splitting and was very good. 
All around a great experience and superb food!The host staff was great at explaining our seating options, helping us to get seated at the back serving bar area and avoid an hour wait.
Highlights: shrimp roll and hush puppies. Both are very unique.
Look out for rushed service during peak times and also their wet naps that look like a after dinner treat but are made to expand in water not your mouth!!The food was superb and the setting is quite lovely. Though seafood is their specialty we had an excellent steak tartare when we visited. Also enjoyed some wonderful oysters as an appetizer. Our entrees, the baked drum, and the jumbo shrimp were also excellent as was the key lime pie for dessert. They really lost a star because of the curt and downright chilly hosting staff. We were greeted with a sneer and seated by dropping our menus on the table and told to "enjoy" as she walked away. Wow! Not a good first impression. Luckily our server Rachel made up for it. She was knowledgeable, friendly and professional. Worth a trip to this area of the city which has a lot going for it.I finally was able to make it to Peche and I was very excited.  I have been trying to eat here for numerous years.  We arrived early and were able to have a drink at the bar while we waited. The old fashioned was great. Once we were seated we were greeted by the waitress and asked if we needed anything else to drink.  Then our 'other waitress' came by with menus. She did not explain anything on the specials menu and did not ask if this was our first time dining at Peche. After 5 to 10 minutes we ordered the shrimp toast. 10 minutes after that we were asked about entrees. My colleague ordered the jumbo shrimp and I ordered then crab linguine to share and the cobia special for my entree. We received bathe shrimp toast timely and it was fantastic. Then after 30 minutes post shrimp toast consumption, plate clearing, and multiple tables who ordered after us received their entrees, I was getting ready to leave due to waitress inattentiveness. Out of a miracle, my second course arrived at the same time as my 3rd along with my colleagues main course. The crab pasta did not live up to the menu description in the least and tasted like a basic boxed pasta with basil. The cobia in my entree was delicious, while the brown rice risotto was too sweet and of an odd texture. My colleague did say the jumbo shrimp entree was satisfactory. 
I asked the waitress about the wait time and received no response. Then a manager came to the table and apologized offering a complimentary drink and to adjust the final tab accordingly. I agreed to the drink and it was very good.  Once our check was finally ready, the waitress set it down with no comment or apology and walked away. 
I was expecting greatness from Peche and instead received nothing more than mediocre.  It was truly heartbreaking as I had expected a great dining experience, but was instead embarrassed in front of a colleague for recommending Peche in the first place. I highly doubt I will return anytime in the future.Perfection.
This is my second time here in a month, and I can't wait for the excuse to take someone from out of town back here.
The cocktails are exquisite, as are...pretty much everything else on the menu. 
The oysters are sublime, as were the spicy brussel sprouts, capellini pasta (with crab, garlic, and all other magical beings), and hush puppies. I'd highly recommend getting the whole grilled fish--what I believe they are known for. It is pricier, but worth it, as they explained that they have a custom grill for cooking it to such incredibly wonderful textures.
Make sure to make a reservation, as it is packed at every hour. 
Hint--you can sit at the bar and order dinner if you are traveling solo.Best dinner we had our entire time in New Orleans.  We went with a group of 7, and my boyfriend is a big foodie and was very excited to go here since the restaurant has won 2 James Beard awards.  I don't eat much fish but love other shellfish, etc. and the shrimp bisque was AMAZING.  I'm afraid to ever eat another shrimp bisque again because it will never compare.  It had the perfect amount of seasoning and spices.  My boyfriend and I got the steak tartar and a side of brussel sprouts to start, both delicious.  He got the swordfish (again, I said I don't like fish but I tried this and it was so good) and I got the skirt steak with salsa verde.  For dessert we got the salted caramel cake (melt in your mouth) and the dutch apple cheesecake which was a good seasonal choice.  I could go on and on about what the rest of the table got - but it was all delicious. 
Only thing I noticed was the waitress we had disappeared halfway through and another server came over to take our dessert orders - so it was a little confusing; and our water glasses weren't always full (this is my #1 thing, I drink a lot of water).  But they still get 5 stars.Made an email reservation, it was confirmed for a Saturday lunch ( you need to make a reservation, srsly). Arrived at 1:30 when madness was finally dying down. Seated a few minutes after. The place is insane - phone  off hook, a hostess trying to do it all, crazy. For those of you who think about calling for a reservation during their dinner/lunch rush just be proactive and DO NOT. Wait til a slow time or email them.
 A bit of confusion on who our server was - one was so-so/forgetful, and the main waiter was awesome. We enjoyed the hushpuppies and raw platter. The raw platter came with seafood salads that were AWESOME (smoked tuna dip!). 
Wines by glass were affordable (rose was great!), and Miller High LIfe was CHEAP and kept hubby happy.
It is super loud, but fun to people watch and be a part of the Saturday NOLA energy.
PS - it is a trendy casual place- sundresses, madaras, shorts, etc  just don't look like a mess.Peche's menu tends towards the spicy of which I am aware.  Went to lunch with a friend and scoured the menu to find something mild.  I landed on shrimp with citrus and sticky rice.  Asked the waiter if it was spicy.  He said no.  But when it came there were jalapeños throughout!  Disappointing.Excellent dining experience. Try the crab claws for sure but really you can't go wrong. Had the baked drum which was amazing. Service was phenomenal and a must do when in the Big Easy.This place was amazing. The decor was simple and comfortable and the food was to die for! The entire menu was mouth watering so we let our waitress pick everything for us from the small bites section. She picked 2 appetizers and 5 small bites. It sounds like a lot of food and it was but my husband and I are big eaters. Everything was delicious and I can't say enough good things about the service. I will always go back here, they have my business for life!made reservations for 9pm. we were seated at 9:45. 
were we seated at a table? no. were we seated at the prep counter which they most likely threw some stools under to accommodate a more than full house? yes. 
nothing quite like a nice, relaxing dinner than being DIRECTLY next to the pick-up window, with plates being slammed down next to you all night. 
food was ok. waitress messed up our orders twice.i will not be back.Just finished having dinner and everything we had was terrific.  Started with oysters and they were delicious.  Next we mixed and matched a few things.  Had the hush puppies and honey butter, beets, the catfish, and the salad.  Everything tasted great.  Excellent service and nice atmosphere.Made reservations a month in advance. Called to let them know that we were in cab stuck in traffic and would be 10 minutes late for 7:30 reservation. Upon arriving general manager told us that our table was reserved at 9:00 and we either should leave or plan on eating fast. After telling him how upset we were he put us at table next to entrance and told us we could stay past 9. Waitress was really nice. Food was good. GM should be fired!Actually I never ate here...The hostesses are terrible. They didn't take our name and just told us to wait at the bar. No body seemed to care that we were waiting more than 30 minutes....Enjoyed our lunch at the bar with raw oysters, ground shrimp & noodles and the crawfish croquettes. Excellent cocktails, too, and we wish we'd had room for dessert.Hands down the best food I had in New Orleans! It's pricey but WELL worth it.
I went with a couple friends and we ended up splitting all our dishes. Almost every plate we ordered was exceptional, including the oysters, fishsticks (seriously), hush puppies, grilled tuna, smothered catfish and shrimp and grits. This place is a must visit! I almost never order dessert but made an exception for here and that was delicious too. I would say the highlight for me was the smothered catfish but again everything was good. This place is memorable! Go, you won't regret it!
Also, the service was friendly and attentive.Our favorite eats from start to finish during our New Orleans trip...The service is wonderful. The oysters are tasty.  
We found many of the dishes too salty - notably the gumbo, brussel sprouts, spicy pasta, and shrimp bisque. 
I think using less salt will really improve the dishes.This place is a bomb! We ordered gumbo (best ever), tuba dip, Brussels sprouts and red snapper.. All 4 were absolutely delicious! A must go for a great Louisiana seafood!No need for a review, you'll just have to come to the restaurant and experience it for yourself. This place is stupid good. It's so good that I've ate here 4 times just to try the whole menu. Everything is good and I would recommend this place to any locals or out of towners. Stop reading every review and make a reservation already and be ready to blast off. Get the pompano!!!!!!Guess I'll add my review for the Newest James Beard Award Winning Restaurant. My friends will be coming in to town in July and I'm sure they will appreciate this. 
For my 1st of 2 visits I had the honor of sitting at the oyster bar. This is where the shucker convinced me to try my very first raw oyster with squeeze of lemon. The oyster was soo good. It taste soo fresh. 
After, I ordered the seafood salad and hush puppies. The seafood salad was good but once other around me ordered off the fresh specials crudo type dishes I regretted it? The hush puppies were good but the butter that came with it was even better :) At the oyster bar you could also see the desserts being plates. I skipped on dessert but vowed to come try some next time. 
So on my 2nd trip, I sat at the bar. Lucky me my fav server/bartender Aaron was working there. I had the chocolate banana peanut butter pie and coffee. I wish I had some of that pie now that's how good it is.
I hope next time to try a grilled fish collar.The food is 5 stars but our experience was 2 stars so I will settle on an overall 3 star rating.
We were visiting New Orleans and decided to visit this restaurant based on the Yelp reviews. We called an hour ahead and luckily they had a reservation available for a party of four that evening.  Everything started out great, but here is where it fell apart ...
Due to being on company travel, we are required by the government to submit receipts for all meals, etc. which requires separate checks if dining in groups. When we requested separate checks, the waitress informed us of the restaurant's policy against splitting checks which was stated on the menu. It's stated - at the very bottom in small font which I guarantee 99.9% of the patrons do no see nor read. The waitress noted that she was able to process multiple forms of payment against one bill and provide us each with a copy of the itemized bill. Great! However, this would happen IF we calculated the totals per each card as the restaurant "did not have a calculator". Perhaps laziness? So, we calculated the base totals while incorrectly assuming the tax would be automatically calculated. When we received the receipts back, we noticed that the total tax was processed against one card. The reasoning, "well, I simply input the amounts you wrote down". No quick calculation prior to processing? It would have been clear that the tax was not included. Head scratch.  We informed the waitress the transactions would have to be voided and re-ran after WE re-calculated the base total to include the tax. Her response, "well, that will take a long time." Ok, we will wait. Finally! The amounts were processed correctly but when we asked for the itemized receipt, the waitress responded, "I already threw it away". Sigh. 
We had also ordered dessert to go....
Take out is not available at this restaurant.  Not a huge issue but something to note, if the waitress/waiter makes an exception (which we were granted), your table will be set with dish-ware for it to "appear" you will be eating in house. The meal/desert will be brought to your table only to be whisked away immediately to the kitchen to be boxed up. I'm sure there is a reasoning behind this work-around (right?) but it's good to be aware of for those who want take out.   
The pros are the AMAZING food and atmosphere.
(1) Capellini with crab and chilies
(2) Fried brussels sprouts with chili vinegar 
(3) Roasted pumpkin
(4) Shrimp gumbo
(5) Pineapple rum cake with dulce de leche ice cream 
(6) Chocolate banana peanut butter pie
My recommendation to the restaurant is to inform groups up front of the no splitting of checks/no take out policies. This will save both the wait staff and patrons unnecessary frustration and encourage patrons to return.Our favorite meal of the trip! Everything was so incredible...the ambiance, the service, the creative cocktails, all of the food, even the sides which seemed so simple!! We LOVED it here! 
Peche (pronounced NOT like actor Joe Pecse) was recommended to us by many. We knew it was a place we wanted to hit up while in NOLA no matter what! I highly recommend you do the same! Worth the trek form to the Lower Garden District! 
Cocktails were delish and super strong! I ordered 'Pants on Fire' which has buffalo trace bourbon, passion fruit, lemon and hellfire habanero shrubs. Awesome kick! I then had 'The Hemingway' which has citadelle gin, maraschino, cucumber and grapefruit. Very refreshing and not too sweet even with the cherry. 
We dove right into the scrumptious snacks and sides...the citrus marinated beets, the fried dough balls with sea salt, the Brussels, brabant potatoes, and the hush puppies. All were incredible! 
-The beets were the best I've EVER tasted. The weren't "dirty" at all! 
-hush puppies were perfectly fried and large. 
-Brussels were outstanding and had grilled red onion. Awesome level of spice from the chili vinegar Yum! Ordered another plate of these! Couldn't get enough! 
- The potatoes were amazing.... and they were just potatoes. I firmly believe a simple side done so well is how you can tell the overall quality of a kitchen. Yum! 
-the fried dough with sea salt were amazing! Sounds so simple and a tad strange. Don't even question it! DO IT!!!! 
As a vegan I opted to side dish it for my main meal and I was completely satisfied. 
Others ordered oyster which were fresh and plump,  crawfish, jumbo shrimp w/ citrus + sticky rice and royal red shrimp, seafood bisque and ceviche'. 
For dessert they ordered pineapple rum cake with dulce de leche ice cream (el dorado 15yr rum from Guyana), salted caramel cake salted butter cream made with pierre ferrand ambre cognac, and key lime pie with buttermilk chantilly (marco de bartoli, masrsala superior 5 year old from Italy). 
Everyone thoroughly loved everything! 
I love that the menu has small and shared plates, larger entrees, raw bar options and even daily specials. It makes eating no matter how big (or small) your appetite is, and no matter how often you come, easy. I would even come for just cocktails and sides which is essentially what I personally wound up doing, and was extremely happy with! We thought it was a fanatic for sharing plates amongst larger group!  I would actually come here again despite the many eateries in town! Awesome meal all around! 
*Reservations over the phone were easy, but they do ask for a credit card to hold you place and will charge $25 for a no show.Very much overrated.  No idea why this is on so many "best of NOLA" lists.  It feels like it caters to the tourist masses.  The food was fine.  Some items were even really good.  But the bar is high and they did not meet it.  On top of that, we had to wait half an hour despite our reservation which I can handle.  But the disregard of the inconvenience, the "too cool to even apologize" aspect to the service totally turned me off.  Very mediocre experience overall.One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. Fantastic atmosphere with a lively, modern yet warm vibe. Wait staff was incredible. Waiters thoroughly know their dishes and proper pairings, are attentive, professional and friendly. The food is outstanding and intricate. Definitely a mix of flavors in every dish and a must when visiting this city. Also not over the top pricing for a high quality meal.Our server, Chad, was wonderful, helpful and professional. However, I was so very disappointed with my meal. The brussels sprout appetizer was so drenched in sauce that it was overwhelming and actually made my husband cough. It was just too much sauce. We could barely eat more than a few of the sprouts. I ordered the tuna and it was smothered with so many flavors I could barely taste the tuna. I was so disappointed. My husband ordered the swordfish with the turnip  puree and his dish was lovely. I wish I knew how to make turnips taste that good. He loved his meal, I ate 5 bites of mine. The service was great but my meal and the appetizer were very disappointing. I'd heard very good things about Peche but I won't return.