Just as many others have stated, I too had a work related gathering here. This was my first time attending and the event had a set menu. Maybe next visit I'll see their actual menu. Being vegetarian when I saw my group had already chosen either fish or steak I knew I was gonna have to be THAT person and ask for an alternative. The host, of course, were more than happy to accommodate me. They mentioned their Sweet Potato Agnolotti so I accepted. It was amazing. I also enjoyed their house Cabernet a lot. The room that was reserved for us was on the second floor. It was nice to be able to mix and mingle on the balcony before our event began. The host were phenomenal as well. I can't wait to return.I really loved Ralph's. We came here for a rehearsal dinner for a friend. The space is lovely. The balcony upstairs offers nice views of City Park. 
The staff was very good and friendly. We had a set meal. Started with some delicious gumbo. I had the red fish which was outstanding. Spicy and peppery with a not too heavy sauce. My friends found the potatoes a bit salty but I didn't notice. I also tried the shrimp dish which was excellent. We ended with a bread pudding that was a good sweet end to dinner. 
Really enjoyed Ralph's and would love to come back some time.Great service and amazing food. Will always go back here. The first time we went we didn't realize it was a dressy restaurant and showed up in jeans and t-shirts. Anticipating being at least relegated to a Siberia-like table we were pleasantly surprised to be put in the center of the dining room, and the servers treated us really, really well. After several return trips ( dressed appropriately!) I can tell you that all their servers I have had are very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list, and the food is ridiculously good. Their turtle soup alone is worth going for. We often will order a bunch of their small plates because their menu is too damn interesting! Highly reccomend.Everything here is perfect! We go to Ralph's for every special occasion. The ambience is magnificent with the dreamy oaks trees lined up on City Park for an outside view. The service is always five star.  But the food, the reason for going in the first place is what should and does stand out. Here the food is truly memorable. The short ribs appetizer alone is worth going back for again and again. Oh and the chocolate doberge cake is perfection. They have delicious special drinks each month that proceed a charity, giving you a reason to drink if you ever needed one. Ralph's is definitely a special place.Lured by the constant advertisements of $33 for 3 small plates and a glass of wine, my family and I ended up at Ralph's on a beautiful Sunday night. We made reservations, but it really wasn't necessary as it was pretty empty... I am not sure it is like this all the time, so be safe and make one. We have been here twice and the dress is "smart casual", whatever that is... meaning we saw everything from shorts and tanks to very nice dresses. Take it as you will, and dress at your comfort level. 
The service: The service was exceptional, if not a little too friendly.. i.e. our waiter literally stood over my husband to see how he liked the turtle soup... He then proceeded to try to list the 27 ingredients. I chalk it  up to he was young and new to the business, and really took to the whole chit-chat with customers bit a little too seriously. Once he got other tables things mellowed out and we really enjoyed ourselves. 
Our daughter ordered off the kids menu, which is a set 3 course meal for $12. It truly was a bargain, and the staff took great care to make sure her order paired our food as far as the timing of things coming out. My husband and I each ordered the three plate deal. Honestly, there was so much food that I could only eat half of what I ordered. My husband, on the other hand, practically cleaned the plates. Everything we had (turtle soup, tuna duo, truffle fries, oysters, crabmeat deviled eggs, beef mole sopes), was delicious! 
I definitely recommend Ralph'sI chose to dine at Ralph's for my birthday dinner and I am so glad I did! 
Food was deliciousssss, service was great and the interior is beautiful.
I will definitely come back to try other items on the menu!This restaurant had an elegant yet classic feel to it. Sitting right on the edge of City Park, the weeping willow views offered some of my favorite while visiting the city.  Located a bit outside of downtown, the trolly could offer as a beneficial transportation and also be a very fun journey to dinner. Nothing fell short through this meal, from the greeting, to the service, and of course the tastiness of the food.  Nicole was our server, she was extremely pleasant and had an almost historical knowledge of food items and city culture alike.  Felt as though my family and I had a personal tour guide who loved answering questions.  From the braised lamb toast, to the turtle soup, garlic-cheese bread, chicken and andouille gumbo, the starters blew our socks off.  The cocktail I tried was a mysterious twist on champagne with a dose of Absinthe, called Death in the Oaks, and was a wonderful supplement to the mystique surrounding the vibe of the restaurant. Of the two steaks I tried, I would have to say I would prefer the Strip Steak over the Bacon Filet.  Both we tasty, but the flavor that came alongside with the blue cheese on the strip, was to die for.  I also could have had a sauce to compliment the steak fry wedges that came with filet.  I found myself getting bored with the plainness of potato, and found myself wanting something to compliment them.  Tried my sister's Pork Chop, amazing.  The plate that stole the night for me was my mom's BBQ SHRIMP. Holy lord, make sure you request extra bead so you can soak up every last drop of the sauce that comes with the BBQ deliciousness!!!! I wasn't much in the mood for deserts, but we did try the passion fruit cheesecake, flourless chocolate cake and another chocolate dish that started with a B, that I cannot remember for the life of me. Sold A for this experience, I would recommend and I would most definitely return for another meal.I had the best dish I've ever had in New Orleans here, and it was even on a Sunday night.  The BBQ Gulf Shrimp was just absolutely fantastic.  I had a couple of errors with the waiter and the bar, but the food was just great.  The Tuna Two Ways appetizer was highly recommended by my girlfriend and I hardly had a chance to have any, given how good it was (and how she guarded it).
Again, the BBQ Gulf Shrimp was simply the best thing I've ever eaten in New Orleans.  I've eaten in a number of places there, but that dish was by far the best dish ever for me there.I liked this restaurant because it seemed to be quintessential New Orleans. Great location overlooking city park and beautiful cypress trees. Second floor has large shutter doors opening out to a deck with great park views. Great selection of house cocktails. 
Salad and entree were good but not particularly memorable; the lemon posset was a bit of a miss in my opinion.
Overall, if in New Orleans, I would say give it a try. The atmosphere alone is worth a visit.We had Sunday brunch and most of our group was really disappointed. Several wanted the house drink with pomegranate and amazingly they were out of pomegranate. For food we started with the smoked oysters which were interesting. The bread and butter that came with the food were good too. But then came the entrees. The duck was wayyyyyy oversalted. Clearly the duck was brined but someone lost control of the salt with the rest of the dish.  The breakfast with eggs were requested over easy. One egg was cooked well but the other still had a clear white. The shrimp and grits were oily with grease or butter but the person liked the flavors. The catfish eaters said that it was okay but the rolls were not great. Was the food bad? No. Was the service bad? No. Would any of the six of us go back? No.  
At the end we heard the couple to my left Complain to the waitress that her eggs weren't cooked. And then the waiter
Brought over the manager to the table to our right and he said to one of the men  "I'm sorry your meal wasn't right."  We don't know what that issue was. Based on all the other amazing reviews we can only think that either the chef was out of town on Sunday or they have a new chef who needs to be replacedOne of the restauranteur family, the Brennan's, offerings. Just stopped in for lunch after a morning in City Park. Great taste of NOLA. The turtle soup was excellent. Get an extra splash of sherry to really open the flavor. Not a fan of oysters, but had to try the smoked/grilled ones here and they were good. Vicky, our waitress was very friendly and attentive. The manager even came over and spent some time chatting with us. Would definitely recommend if in the area.It was my birthday and an important one at that.  I took a gamble and left the touristy scene to go towards City Park and have dinner at a Brennan's restaurant.  I think I ate here in a previous existence with a New Orleans boyfriend, but I digress.
Everything was amazing. The service was very good, and 
I remember New Orleans, from when I lived in Louisiana, as the most wonderful dining city.  It still is.  I also remember people dressing for dinner at a nice restaurant.  So it was to my shock and dismay that I saw two men sit down next to us wearing ball caps.  I wanted to invite their wives to leave with us, because I just cannot imagine... 
Go right away -- you will not be disappointed (at least with the dishes I recommend).We had fish that was bland.  The waiter-recommended fried chicken was only average.  We had to flag down our waiter (Barry) a couple of times to remind him about things he forgot.  
Overall, on our second visit to Ralphs on the Park, we were disappointed.  The food should have been much better and the service was lacking.  For the prices and the Brennan's reputation, we expected much more.I really want to leave two reviews, one for the service and ambience and one for the food.  The service was fantastic. We were having a very small wedding shower at the restaurant and the server and manager couldn't have been nicer. They accommodated my request for dessert and were very attentive to our needs the who,e time we were there. Ralph's is a great place for things like this. They have rooms you can use for more privacy but with only 8 people the main restaurant was perfect. Our waiter was quite content letting us sit and open the few presents we had and we never once felt rushed to get up from our table. Very fun atmosphere and wonderful staff. Now the food.  The majority of the table had the crawfish Benedict. This dish is exactly as the name implies. This dish should have been outstanding. Tangy hollandaise and spicy crawfish on one of their delicious biscuits. Sadly it was not. First of all the food was barely warm, bordering on cold. The grilled veggies, which were the side, were cold. There was no seasoning whatsoever on the crawfish and the hollandaise had no taste at all. I was really disappointed. The corned beef hash was warm and the small bite I had was good. It's not your typical hash. The corned beef were cubes of corned beef not shredded like in a hash. That didn't make it any better or worse just different. Their biscuits were DELICIOUS. Warm and flaky and with just that hint of saltiness that makes for the best biscuits. They were light and fluffy and even though they looked as if they might be dense they were not. I wish I had just ordered a plate of biscuits for my brunch. The bottomless mimosas were well ladled with champagne and they were definitely not stingy with the refills. My glass was always full. If your a coffee drinkers, they serve a French press, not just a cup. I had decaf and was not impressed with it. It was very bitter and no amount of cream could help it. I would have preferred just a good old cup of New Orleans Java. No need to serve fancy French press when you already have some of the best coffee.My brother took me here the dinner during my visit to NOLA. The restaurant is adorable, beautiful decor with southern flair. The hostess sat us at our table immediately and the server brought us water as we got settled. 
The menu had a nice selection and can tell that they like to provide a southern twist to their dishes. We ordered the French fries with truffle mayo- which I was disappointed the fries looked pressed rather then freshly cut.  For an upscale restaurant I would think they can offer fresh cut potatoes. 
I ordered the beef "pot roast" which turned out to be a perfectly cooked filet with the yummiest sauce that had mushrooms, carrots, and peas. The steak was perfectly medium rare and sauce was nicely cooked. My only criticism that the dish was heated so the good got cold real quick!
This is an upscale restaurant so the service was up there but little details of food preparation does not match up with the price of the dish.Nice location. Good service. Okay food. Good deal for a nice place-- $28 for 3 small plates and a glass of wine. I appreciated the ability to try several things-- but the food could have been better. I felt like everything was a little too salty-- but it was imaginative and beautifully plated. No regrets. I had the brown butter spaetzle and broiled oysters. My favorite thing was the City Park salad with romaine and baby red oak leaves and little pieces of apple and bacon and stilton. The BBQ shrimp looked great. The husband had chicken livers, turtle soup and citrus lacquered pork belly. His fav small plate was the chicken livers. He said they were top notch.The food at Ralph's on The Park was good, buit its the location, the view and the atmosphere that makes this place so special. We liked it so much we decided to have our wedding reception here. 
Went for dinner on Friday night. We ordered the oyster appetizer which was dissapointing but they served a big hunk of french bread and whipped butter with it, so all was not lost. I ordered the BBQ shrimp at the reccomendaiton of our server. It was rich and delicious. My fiance ordered the lamb chop. He also enjoyed his. 
The room for or reception is just beautiful, and the private bar on the balcony really sealed the deal for me. I can't hardly wait till the big day.Visiting New Orleans we wanted to find a place for a nice dinner and while Ralph's was okay, it wasn't as excellent as other place we had been during our visit. The ambience was nice and the service was very attentive. A few of our dishes were outstanding (especially from the Oktoberfest menu) but most were just okay, so a bit disappointing. If visiting again, I think we would go elsewhere.We had our rehearsal dinner here. If you are looking for a group setting, please choose this place. Everything was outstanding, no issues. You will not be disappointed.Wish wish wish they would open the balcony on days they don't have upstairs reservations.  The view is wonderful, service impeccable. ..food very good.Exquisite food bursting with a perfect blend of flavors. The chef has a special talent, and we are lucky that he shares it with us here. Outdoor seating is a nice new addition.Great place to catch old' style New Orleans.  Food wasn't memorable, but great for brunch and a stroll in the park afterwards.All was wonderful with the exception of the Turtle soup.  Wasn't the typical Brennan family batch! Three of us ordered it as a normal staple and we must have really caught them in an off night.  Sherry couldn't help.  Otherwise great atmosphere, food and service!Dinner was very enjoyable!  Nice service despite being busy. Had the broiled oysters, bistro tender. Everything was wonderful but the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was everything needed a little salt lol!  The creme brûlée was definitely 5 star and be sure to experiment with the wide varieties of after-dinner coffees with a kick! :)This place missed the mark badly.  Tonight we decided to head to Ralph's on the park because we're celebrating my fathers Bday.  
First, when we walked in we were not greeted.   We weren't sure how the place exactly worked.   This because when u walk in there is a large open room on the right. This was the dining room & immediately on your left sits a desk like hostess station.  Maybe if a hostess was in front at this desk it would have made sense.  However, we ended-up moving past this station & veering left into the bar.   Maybe this is on purpose, but honestly we ended up looking at each other like "where do we go".   I moved back into the dining room where a wait or could tell I need some help.  He took our name, found our reservation & seated us.  This was approx 5:30-6pm. 
Second, once we sat it took awhile for the waiter to greet us.  There was another big table of 6 or 7 next to us already into the first part of their meal.  Our waiter visited this table prior to greeting our table.  This wasn't that big a deal. 
We were given our menus & provided drinks.  The waiter ran through specials as well.  We decided to order the whole meal right then and there.  
Third - The Good Apps We ordered 1:Smoked Oysters (definite smoke flavor, good crunch & nice creamy sauce).  Only complaint were some oysters were very very large.  I like my oysters on a dish like this to be small & quaint. 2:FoieGras w PeanutButter & Banana(this dish sounds crazy, however it had texture flavor & the seared FoieGras was great.  I only wish the seared banana piece was bigger). 3:DuckItalian Sausage Gumbo(Very good dish, the roux was perfect, flavored we're rich & was surprised how much I enjoyed the Italian sausage instead of andouille).
The Bad Apps We Ordered
Truffle French Fries - I think this dish was straight trash.  I expected fresh, thick, well fried(maybe w bacon fat or duck fat),  crispy fries.  However, we received horribly fried, soggy, limp thin fries.  How depressing.  I next expected some grated truffle pieces within the fries.  I didn't see any truffle pieces, so I grabbed a limp fry as sad as it was and ate one.  I looked at everyone and asked, "does anyone taste truffles"?  Of course a few people w/out pallets said "yes".  A few people also said "no".  I then noticed the small white ramekin.  The truffle was this crappy white sauce with truffles in it that u had to dip your limp frys in.  HORRIBLE DISH, unfortunately we had a big group & wasted the $$$ on 2 of these dishes.  I would have sent it back, but the table had already eaten to much. 
Fourth - Entrees 
The good - Nothing
The bad - EVERYTGING 
This is what we ordered :
I had the Gnocchi - it was the worst gnocchi dish I've ever had.  Even those bad pallet people I discussed earlier stated my gnocchi "sucked".  Everything was mushy, no flavor or delicate texture.  That gnocchi was so bad that restaurant should be embarrassed. 
The duck - the crackling was sub par - the duck meat was okay.  This was the only one of two dishes edible.  However the one bad thing on this dish was water rice that came with it was said to be horrible.  I'm not sure I didn't taste it. 
The fried chicken - I didn't tats this, actually the person at the table that had this probably has the worst pallet of everyone at the table.  That said he slammed the fried chicken down.  Well honestly, I'm not that impressed that a Fine Dining restaurant could make fried chicken good.  We maybe I am since they weren't able to fry French frys properly. 
The steak with the FoieGras butter - I think the response when I asked about this dish was "the butter tastes good".  Well no $&@?, FoieGras & butter tastes good???  I can promise you the this steak dish looked like crap.  My mother was one of two who purchased this dish, & I could even see her picking around in the dish.  She wasn't happy with it at all but wanted to remain positive. 
RibEye Steak - my brother in-law purchased this.  He stated it was C- level at best.  He are it but wasn't happy. 
My fiancée selected the pork dish.  The pork had a very funny taste. It almost tasted like it was basted with Tabasco.   Nothing against Tabasco however I don't want a Tobasco crust on a pork dish.  I will say her rice that came with it was also horrible.  
Needless to say we immediately sent 2 of these dishes back.  I honestly wanted to have every dish sent back.  Unfortunately, some of the others had due to hunger are to much to be able to send it back.  
The waiter came by and absolutely did his job by offering us new dishes but we refused.  When that much stuff comes back that bad something is very wrong with your kitchen.  All I could do was look around the room and think, "how do people actually eat & spend $$ at this place".  
I can't write the whole review because I just ran out of space.  However, we ended by getting some desert.  If you go to Ralph's definitely order the citrus&cream desert.  WOW, that desert blew my socks off.Lunch reservations for 1:30p. Tables not ready until 2:15p and our party of 14 scattered across the restaurant. Wamp.
UPDATE (10/18/14):
After all were reseated and arranged, I was overall satisfied at the creativity displayed by the management to accommodate our party of twelve adults and two babies. My wife missed out on the meal she ordered, but we walked out with all limbs in tact and heart beating, so I cannot complain too much. Bumped to three stars.Beautiful place to stop for a drink and a view of city park.  The bartenders are always lively and courteous, and they make an excellent Pimm's cup on a muggy New Orleans day. They're a bit on the pricier side but their turtle soup and catfish with the smoky grit cakes were quite tasty on a toasty Sunday morning.  And as a bonus, they do bottomless mimosas.  ;)Ralph oh ralph,
Im not sure about you. I was impressed with your creative cocktails at the bar, but was dissapointed with the food.
The menu is small and the items arent very interesting.  For an upscale restaurant, I was hoping for delicous food, and it was just OK...with my fish being less than good.  
I hate to give you 2 stars based on one visit, especially since service was good, but I just wasnt impressed. If I lived in the area I would go for drinks not for dinner.Excellent overall dining experience. The dining room is very nice with a great view of the park, request a table along the windows. The service from start to finish was excellent, her recommendations were great, try the crepe and shrimp and melaton soup.I ordered the wahoo and it was inedible.  I sent it back.  They offered another dish, but it was much too late in the meal.  I ended up eating half of my wife's trout.  The trout was great,
The rest of the meal was good....but we could not get the waiter's attention for 5 minutes about the bad dish.I know that this place has been around forever and that it's a local spot and something of a New Orleans "staple" or so I am told but I was highly unimpressed.  The location is spectacular and the service was very good but the food was uninspiring and just blah... It was worth going once to try something new but I will not be going back again and I don't recommend it unless you are totally out of other options.Took my Mom when she came for a visit, very impressed. Delicious food impeccable service and a great view. Only downside was, it got a bit loud, hence the 4 stars.This is a beautiful restaurant. We dined with a large group and it was not good. Food was served cold and 2 hours after being seated. The City Park salad was very good and served a little more promptly than the main dish. The redfish was below average. Service was slow and with a poor attitude.  It is off our list.Our friend lives off of city park, so we walked down on a Sunday to a nice crowd and nice view of the park from the restaurant. We were greeted warmly and seated and we had some wine and appetizers. I had wanted the Sangria, but they said they were all out of it. Oh, well. Wine was ok, but was really wanting the home made Sangria. 
We had some nice dishes of truffle fries and aioli as well as some nice bread and some other seafood dishes. Our dinners were nice, but they did feature an ala carte menu and I am thinking next time, I may just suffice with the apps and skip the dinner as a few apps were enough. 
Dessert, since were with our friend consisted of the Chocolate Bar, ice cream and Banana's foster, which were all amazing. A nice restaurant near the park and we had a good time. I'd recommend it.Very disappointing.  I walk in, and I"m like "Oh, this is nice.  Very cute place".  But sadly, the food was nothing to rave home about it.  The deal breaker was when we were served undercooked rice with our gumbo.  I'm sorry, but how can you not know how to cook rice?Celebrated a birthday today. Brunch. I had the fried oysters and the shrimp and grits. Also tried the beet salad. All were excellent!! The shrimp and grits were buttery good. Oyster and beet salad were light and refreshing. Service was in point. Corinne checked on us often enough. At the right moments. Made sure we had drinks and water filled!!I love the feel of the restaurant and the view of beautiful City Park.  This is a great place for a romantic meal and get the old New Orleans feel.  The lamb is excellent but a little small... which gives you more room for some wine, right?  We had a weird king cake dessert which I immediately regretted.I recently had dinner at Ralph's On The Park, 900 City Park Ave
New Orleans, LA, 70119
(504) 488-1000
The ambience of this establishment was both warm and classy. One can expect to have a comfortable meal here.
The service was exquisite and very professional. Making reservations was easy and when I needed to change my reservation, that was easy as well.
The wait staff was attentive, without being bothersome. My waiters, Jenn and Charles were very polite, classy and knowledgable about the menu.
My appetizer, which Jenn recommended, was awesome!
I had been anticipating dining at this restaurant for quite some time so my biggest disappointment was the entrée. While the flavors were good, the textures of the lamb were tough and the beans hard.  :-(
In spite of being disappointed, I do plan on giving them a second chance to impress me soon.What a great place to schedule a girls' night!  I had dinner with a few of my "mom" friends Friday night and we had a great time.
I definitely recommend reservations, because they book up.  They are offering a "3 apps and a glass of wine" special right now for $33!  It's a great price and the apps are so delicious.
I ordered a burrata and tomato salad that was just what I was looking for.  There were a couple of different tomato varieties, and they were sweet and tangy.  The salad was lightly and brightly dressed, and the burrata was super creamy. 
I also had the tuna appetizer.  It's kind of a napoleon of tuna.  There is a tuna tartare on the bottom with a sweet sort of dressing and there were three slices of seared tuna on top.  The sear was perfect, as the tuna was still cool on the inside.  It was also very fresh tasting.  No fishiness whatsoever.  I loooooved it!
My last appetizer was the brussels sprouts with fried halloumi cheese.  The brussels sprouts were perfectly cooked!  They were browned on the outside, and still firm to the bite.  The cheese was cut into these little squares and tossed into the cooked sprouts.  So yummy!
I had the Cab Franc on the menu and was quite impressed.  I'm not much of a wine drinker, but really liked it.  It was sort of sweet, but not overly so.  
Overall, we had a great night.  Our server was wonderful.  She never rushed us and was helpful and willing to answer any questions we had about the menu.We visited the restaurant for a wedding reception and the food and service was great.  The terrace had great seating that overlooks the gorgeous City Park and convenient free valet parking.First off, my review is only pertinent for people on special diets-- my meat-eating friends LOVED their meals and would give the place a 4 or 5 star!  So if you aren't vegan, veggie or gluten-free, carry on to the next review!!
So, I have to be honest, I was sort of looking forward to eating at Ralph's on the Park to see what deliciousness they could come up with since there are definitely no vegan entrees on the menu.  They cooked up a stir-fry for me, which was DELICIOUS!  It consisted of some lovely mushrooms, green beans, squash, roasted tomatoes and a balsamic reduction.  It was all very tasty and maybe one and a quarter cups worth of veggies MAX!   Which would have maybe been okay, but they charged me for the gnocchi dish (which obviously has more substance than veggies stir-fried).  
Twenty-five bucks for the stir-fry (without tax or tip), and I was a starving girl a mere hour later!  Meh.... my parents want to go to Ralph's the next time they are in town; I will be sure to eat ahead and just join them for drinks....Absolutely wonderful  !!! I am from Vegas where we have some of the finest of restaurants, so that been said I can be a little jaded. This restaurant wowed me. From the second I walked into the door, Steve the manager was all over it to make sure I was happy. It was my husband and my 21st anniversary and he was more then accomdating. Then there is the food, it was amazing. The presentation and the tastes were incredible.there was not one thing I had that I didn't just love. Nicole our waitress was so very nice. The view of the park is also very nice and relaxing. I will recommend this lovely restaurant to anybody I know coming to the New Orleans area. Thank you again for making this a wonderful experience.Can't say enough about this place! My 10 girlfriends and I had such a wonderful bday brunch experience! Free flowing champagne, decorated table, personalized menus, they pulled out all the stops! Food was just delicious and the service was great! This place never disappoints!Not sure why this place gets under 4 stars on Yelp, it's a fantastic restaurant. Not cheap for sure but really delicious food, on the fancy side. Need a taxi to get there, as it's a few miles away from the French Quarter/downtown area, and you pass through some shady parts of town on the way, but the restaurant itself is very nice. Appetizer I recommend the fried oyster. Foix gras was ok. Rib eye wrapped scallops and crawfish rib eye filet were spectacular. Entrees in the 20s-30s. Banana bread pudding was great for dessert. If you have a special occasion or want a nice meal I highly recommend this place.Beautiful space and I love the thought of brunch here. Today, I was reminded why this isn't a go-to spot for us. Service was slow and food was mediocre. We arrived on time for our reservation and ordered a cocktail immediately upon being seated. Then we waited. Twenty five minutes before receiving our first drink. Food took awhile as well (not as long as the drinks), and it was room temp when it arrived. New Orleans has too many good restaurants to settle for slow service and mediocre (expensive) food. Taking this one off our list.One of our favorite spots for lunch, dinner, or Sunday brunch. Our family eats there pretty regularly. The food is consistent, drinks are exceptional, and staff is welcoming. All around great dining experience.Great food in a very upscale environment.  This restaurant is literally across from city park.  I had their brunch.  The steak and eggs was one of the best I've ever had.A great place for a special occasion. The food is of course fabulous and creative. The ambience is fun and relaxed. They have extras like special personalized menus for birthdays and anniversaries. The service is exceptional and friendly.My Friday night dinner at Ralph's was my third time eating here. Each time has been a great experience: excellent service and delicious food. The portions are not huge and the prices aren't small, but it's what you expect from that type of restaurant. This particular trip, I started with turtle soup and got a soft shell crab special for dinner- both were delicious. My dining companions got the wedge salad, crawfish Daniel salad, oyster appetizer, and brown butter fish entree- every bite was eaten and enjoyed!A bit pricy and small on the portions, but overall very tasty food and excellent service. Nice atmosphere with good views of city park.We just had my daughter's wedding rehearsal dinner there. Let me tell you, that was the BEST steak I have ever had in my life. It was perfectly cooked and had some type of blue cheese sauce that was to die for. The food was absolutely delicious and the portion sizes were tremendous.  We were in a private dining room upstairs and the service was top notch. A complete five star experience all the way around!!  Everyone commented on how much they enjoyed the evening.
P.S.  If you are ordering from the private party menu, GET THE STEAK!!! Dang it was good!Went here on a date for a Sunday brunch. I started with the Lemon Basil Bloody Mary, which was so refreshing. This was the first Bloody Mary I had in years, because for a very long time I didn't trust anyone but my good friend Zazz to make a reliable Bloody Mary. Well, lucky for me, folks in nola seem to know what they're doing, so I can order them without hesitation.
Then I got the Eggs Sardou with crabmeat. Since my time in Paris, where my host family and I had steamed artichokes almost every week, I have a special place in my heart for artichokes. I have always loved Eggs Benedict, so when I saw that I could get spinach, artichoke hearts, and crabmeat with my poached eggs, I jumped on the opportunity. It was delicious. I still need to learn how to poach eggs so I can make my own fancy breakfast...
My date got the Braised Lamb and seemed to enjoy it a lot.
Anyway, the brunch didn't end there. We *had* to get dessert. After asking the server what dessert to get and she pretty much told us that everything was delicious, we got the chocolate mousse cheesecake. Ahh, it's everything I could ask for in a dessert. It's like you get the best of both worlds. You get chocolate mousse AND cheesecake. I liked it a lot. It was the perfect amount of sweet to end our meal.Waited 20 minutes for our drinks.  Our appetizers came out about 10 minutes before the cocktails.  Waitress apologized and said she'd get them taken off the bill.  Bill came, they were still on it.  Manager came over.  We explained what happened.  He apologized and then told waitress to hand us the bill.  No change.  Drinks still on there.  If you choose to go here, hope you don't have an issue.  Management won't help.We went Sunday, on a whim and all though it was packed and there was a 30 minute wait the hostess seated us at the bar which was an excellent alternative.  My husband and I enjoyed a wonderful mimosa brunch with BBQ shrimp and grits and Eggs Sardou.  The food was great and the bartender was informative and friendly over all the food was lovely and the service even better!We made reservations a few days  after Christmas and we quite pleased. The service was fantastic as well as the drinks. The food was very nicely done and presented well. It was a little loud in there but there was also a group of 10-12 having a New Years luncheon. Overall, excellent food with a beautiful view of the park.Great ambiance with old New Orleans charm. We were at brunch with the beautiful City Park oaks outside the window. The shrimp and grits were excellent with 6 huge shrimp. The shrimp were with heads on and can be a little intimidating for a non New Orleaner. Others had Catfish that was fried and well spiced on top of a great grit cake. The bottomless Mimosa's rounded out the meal. Very friendly wait staff, Corrine thanks for making it a pleasant experience.Food was delicious, we had pork chops, filet minion, tuna, red fish. The steak was ordered Medium, I would not go any more than that. It came with a light coating of béchamel. All the food melted in your mouth. the pork chops  came bone in over sweet potatoes with chili greens ( so don't order them as a side :) ) the fish had multiple sauces which where unbelievable.I hate writing bad reviews, but I feel compelled to warn others and hopefully encourage the management to change something.  I took my parents here for their birthday, wanting something different outside the downtown area.   The restaurant itself is lovely.  Great ambiance, wonderful decor.  The view of City Park was enchanting.  The staff was pleasant, professional and helpful.  And that's where all the good things end.   They apparenlty change their menus monthly. . and October's menu was a bomb.   I actually struggled trying to find something to eat.   We started with the blue crab beignets.  These are not beignets at all.  They are fried crab balls.  Not a lot of crab in them, but plenty of mushy soggy bread crumbs.  Not unpleasant, but not pleasant either.  My mother got the BBQ shrimp, and it was ok.   It's not Mr. B's. (that's great BBQ shrimp!)   And I mention that only because I know the owner has an interest in Mr. B's as well.   The presentation was unpleasant.  The color of their sauce is more reminiscent of mud than any type of sauce.   The taste was good, but not great.  It was probably the best thing we had.   My father had the speckeled trout whole fish.   First, it was served with the head on.   Ever seen an overbroiled head on fish?  Not pleasant.  They should have taken at least the head off.  It was a bit ghoulish.  The fish was slightly overcooked and the seasoning did not make it through to the meat but seemed to cling to the skin.   I had the lobster thermidor glazed ribeye.  First, if that was a ribeye, I'm a monkey's uncle.  It was maybe, and I mean maybe, a quarter inch thick.  Despite being prepared medium rare, it had the consistency of shoe leather and none of the characteristic marbling found in good ribeye.  I also noted it was almost a perfect rectangle in shape.  I stand by that couldn't have been a ribeye.  It was smothered in this lobster glaze which was way to salty and more gruyere cheese than there was meat. I'm a big red meat eater; I couldn't eat but 1/2 of this tiny steak before my jaw and stomach issued a cease and desist order.  For dessert we had the white chocolate banana bread pudding. . passing, but nothing to die for . . .and the chocolate duet which again was passing.  I think what so disappoints me about this restaurant is I know Ralph Brennan can do better.  It will be a long time before I give this one a second look.  I do wish them the best and look forward to an opportunity for them to show me real progress on the choices and the quality of the dishes they serve.I had a divine catfish atop smoked cheese grits. Delicious. Tasty bourbon drink. Great service. I would have liked some greens or a small salad with $18 lunch though. I would return:))There were nine of us for dinner this evening.  Everyone's meal was great. The vegetarian pasta dish was very good. Several of us had seafood- the Redfish and whole snapper which again were very good. Overall the service was attentive and good. Very fresh eating which is hard to come by in NOLA.We've lived walking distance from Ralph's for two years and finally made it over last night. The food was amazing. We got the baked oysters and City Park salad to start. Both were great. I had the snapper and my husband had the pork chop. My snapper was good, especially with the cauliflower purée. The pork chop was amazing; a greasy crust. We ended with the bread pudding, which was good as well. Our server, Mallory, was really personable and prompt. We will definitely be back!i went to ralphs on the park part of a wedding party, the food was decided on before hand and we had the choice or steak of fish. my husband and i both got the steak. The steak was big but i had to send mine back because it was over done ( the replacement steak was perfect!). in general everything was fine but i wouldn't rush back.Ralph's was a decent meal.  We ate here on a Saturday night to celebrate getting through the holidays.  Service was excellent, ambiance was classy and the food was decent.  Here's the breakdown.
I usually don't lead off talking about the service, but I found our waiter refreshingly good.  He was prompt, unintrusive and friendly.  I think his name was David.  He applauded our every order and helped direct us to the right entree for what we were craving.  Turns out we did not like the entree, but David didn't cook it.  So how can I fault him.
On to the food.  We did 3 rounds.  We did some pre-apps, appetizers and split an entree.  For pregame, I had the turtle soup and Shari V had the truffle fries.  She is quite the fry enthusiast.  Truffle soup was very tasty.  It had a light base, well flavored and not overpowering.  It ranked in my top 3 turtle soups.  The fries were great.  They came with black truffle mayo, which I mistook for aioli.  At any rate, they were delicious.  Strong start to the meal.
For the next plating, we had braised beef in pumpkin seed mole.  Interested flavors but it was only ok.  We also had some lamb ribs.  It had a nice glaze, but they weren't exactly falling off the bone.  Maybe lambs ribs aren't as tender as pork or beef ribs.  It was my first lamb rib.  Flavor was slightly better than the braised beef.  Both small plates ranked around a 3/5.
For the entree we had a whole fish - lane snapper to be exact.  Haven't had a lane snapper until Saturday.  It was billed as a cousin to red snapper.  I wasn't thrilled with the flavor or lack thereof.  It was cooked well, but it just tasted like a bland fish.  Shari V and I both asked for some extra lemon wedges and kind of self seasoned.  I found that sad.  
I liked Ralph's and the food has potential.  I think Shari V and I misordered, particularly our entree.  Ralph's is a classy place and has a nice backdrop with city park.  We will repeat.  I for sure will grab a turtle soup.  Shari V will get more fries.  Then maybe we'll have better luck with another entree.My date and I went to the Sunday Brunch here and had a fantastic time. The name leaves nothing to the imagination; it is Ralph's, and it is right on City Park. The atmosphere of the interior is a well suited light complexion that really added to the mood. 
Both my date and I had the three course brunch special. She had the red bean cakes and I had the braised lamb over grits. All of it was quite good. I feel bad that I do not have much to say about Ralph's, but I feel that is a good thing, We were treated exactly as one would expect from a restaurant as this. The food was very good and filling, so I feel that we got a bang for our buck so to speak. 
All in all, it was a very delightful experience and I would recommend it to anyone. Nothing above and beyond one would expect, but they do their job and do it well. Easily a four star experience.This is the second time I've been to Ralph's and it's forgettable food again. I remembered the place, where I sat, and after I read the menu I remembered what I ordered last time, the tuna two ways. Wanting to try something different, I ordered some oysters and a veggie plate this go around. The oysters were deep fried so all the flavor and delicacy of the oyster was list. The risotto bed was lackluster. 
The vegetable plate was much better. It consisted of cauliflower, brussel sprouts, quinoa, and a cold ?cheese? swipe. Cauliflower was delicious and the brussel sprouts also were good. I only wish the cheese swipe wasn't cold, but the veggies was tasty.
After two food orders, I'll come here to drink, and maybe snack on the truffles fries (which I haven't tried) but not eat dinner. 
The staff is friendly and make the place, especially Tito! A star for Tito in this review!Great food!  Don't knock the drink of New Orleans "The Sazerac" until you've had it here first.On of our favorite restaurants. Every part of the dining experience is first class at Ralphs. The facility is unique. We love the location. The food and service is top notch. The prices are fair. You don't feel gouged. We recommend Ralph's all the time. Easy to park and come and go. We can't say enough:)we had our rehearsal dinner here during Mardi Gras in their upstairs rooms.  It was lovely, intimate and delicious.  It was a great show of the New Orleans hospitality and just a taxi ride away from the hustle.  There was a beautiful private balcony for our guests to enjoy a drink beforehand, and lovely table service.  The planning process was easy and very reasonably priced for the quality of food.If you're into snobby food this is the place for you. I recently went to Ralph's for a Christmas luncheon. The food was quite pricey, and the service was poor. Our server rarely came to our table, and seemed irritated when our party asked if we could push our tables together. Because it was my first time visiting I decided to play it safe and order the Royale with cheese (a cheeseburger). The meat had little flavor and the steamed bun was pretty hard. I've heard that their drinks are good, so if I decide to return, maybe I will just have a drink.Love the bar. Food is delicious, portions are appropriate. Great list of wines by the glass.I have been going here more recently for drinks in the bar. It's a really nice, classy bar - great place to meet/go for a date.  However, the food in the main dining room is also fantastic. I've literally never had a bad meal here and have been many times for brunch, lunch, dinner, special group events upstairs, big group dinners in the main dining room.  I have always been able to rely on this place for a great place to take people visiting from out of town - regardless of their palate because the menu is very diverse. I've been so many times and tried lots of things so it's hard to make a recommendation other than by saying don't be afraid to try anything.  The lobster eggs benedict and shrimp and grits at brunch are fantastic,  on the lunch menu try the shrimp pasta, and for the dinner menu...hmmm...I think the last thing I had was the duck and it was phenomenal.  You can always rely on everything being perfectly seasoned and prepared.  They're also great about making changes, if possible, if you have allergies or don't like something.  Some dishes just can't be changed though because of how they're marinated, of what's in the sauce, etc.Honestly, I am in love with this place. I love the look, the brunch, dinner, and the bottomless mimosa's for $14.99! I am very impressed with the service. However, the last person I went with to this resturant with did not enjoy the chicken and waffles for brunch. BTW I can't get enough of those truffle fries! xoxoTook my chef boyfriend here for a birthday dinner. Great ambiance -- fancy enough for special occasions, but not at all stuffy. (The lite jazz on the music system I could live without, but that's my personal hangup.)
Beautiful dining room, lovely views, FANTASTIC service.
Wine list was great, and we were very pleased with our selection.
Food:
APPS:
The Oysters Rockerfeller Reprised: AMAZING. The spinach custard alone was incredible. You should order this.
Wild Mushroom Ravioli: very good -- earthy and rich. They offer it as an entree, but I think that would be too much for me. We shared the app portion, and I was happily satisfied.
ENTREES:
I had the lump crabmeat and tomato salad. The waiter asked if I wanted to add fried P&J oysters to it, and I happily said yes. They were delicious. The salad and dressing were great -- tomatoes bursting with flavor. I could have done with about twice as much tomatoes as were there, but then again, I LOVE me some tomatoes. The crabmeat... tasted good. BUT I found probably 20 pieces of shell in my little scoop. I expect to find a piece or two when I eat crabmeat, but this was way over the top. So: if they get a new supplier, I would recommend it. But proceed with care: small bites are best.
He got the New York Strip and RAVED about it. He doesn't usually like brussels sprouts, but he said these ones were excellent, thanks to the sauce. Potatoes were also delicious. 
He ordered a side of creamed mushrooms, and they were really good. But they are very strong, so order with caution. The cream texture / aftertaste was a little overwhelming to me. It's the only bit of food we didn't finish.
Highly recommended! Just beware the crabshell.U must admit that i frequent top notch locations and Ralph's has fallen short of this.  Upon entry there seems to be an air of stuffiness followed by the service staff welcoming you in a condescending manner.This is our go to restaurant for out of town guests or for special occasions. Service is superb, food from appetizers to dessert are delicious and unique, great ambiance inside & to look out the front window or balcony at City Park is awesome.  We celebrated my birthday tonight & what a surprise to see my name on the top of the menu wishing me a happy birthday! Katie was our server & couldn't have asked for a nicer, friendly & attentive person to make our evening memorable!Great spot to slip in for a night cap as long as your go to bed early, as they close at an unusually early hour for a city like NOLA.  Otherwise it's a white table cloth establishment with great ambiance overlooking City Park.Just attended a luncheon that was serving a chicken gumbo and chicken entree. Two of us asked if possible to have a vegetarian meal instead. The roasted butternut squash soup was amazing and the plate of grilled vegetables with balsamic vinegar and two delightful purees were amazing. The meat eaters at my table were jealous. Thank you to the chef who with little preparation put together a fantastic meal. I even ate my bread pudding and I rarely eat bread pudding! I regret I didn't take a picture of the entree but it was too good to wait.Attended a NOWFE Vintner dinner with wine pairings from Stag's Leap Winery from Napa. Food was predominantly good & I liked most of the wines/champagne, but I didn't care much for the pairings as a whole. The dinner was in the upstairs dining room which was hot all night long after repeated requests to turn the A/C down a bit. There didn't seem to be enough wine as it v was poured and predominantly gone before the course was discussed & served.  (Especially true for the Red Wine served with the main steak course. )(Also to note that I've attended 6 of these NOWFE dinners at various restaurants over the years and there was never a shortage of wine!) Overall liked the food, liked the wines, but wouldn't have combined them as they did.Ralph's had great service but it is not a place to go out to eat at if your hungry. I enjoyed it but my wife didn't so much. We went for one of our Anniversaries.Top noche restaurant in the heart of NOLA mid city.  Directly across from City Park, what a better locale?  My only gripe is there's off street parking but it's only for valet, otherwise you can park up and down City Park Avenue.
Fine dining and definitely a must go.  The service is impeccable, down right A1.  
As expected the pricing is comparable to the top of the line service received, but you only live once and this is a must go!Steak was terrible. On the verge of being inedible had I not been so hungry. It was a poor cut of meat covered in pepper. That was the only flavor: PEPPER. Half cooked correctly and the other half burnt all the way through. Obviously, it was under a heat lamp for a LONG time. Another member of the party also ordered the steak and found the same to be true for hers. Two others ordered fish and it was 5 out of 10. App of cheese was good but was served with about 6 wafers that could only be described as communion wafers. And the side of brussel sprouts had the same heat lamp experience. The waitress told us she "was at war with the kitchen" and unfortunately, I think my party was the casualty. And to the cost of $350. Once ordered, the main course took an hour+ until delivered. I live in the neighborhood and have been to the bar before but have not dined. I was hoping this could be a regular place for me to walk to for a good dinner so I told the waitress very politely that the food was not up to expectation and she was able to get 'approved' free dessert. This is where I know there is an issue. We spent $350 between the meal and drinks and now I can get a free $8 dessert. That was insulting and showed us the management does not really care but, with so many other great options in the neighborhood (Rue 127, Cafe Degas, Toups, etc), it's not worth a fuss so we left. It was such a disappointment as we have enjoyed so many of the other Ralph Brennan restaurants such as the 'new' Brennan's & Red Fish.We just had brunch again on Sunday at Ralph's.  I was quite disappointed in the attitude of the servers during our last visit, but this visit was superb.  Ellen was the most attentive, friendly and helpful server and I hope we enjoy her service again on our next visit.  The chicken fried veal was excellent on both visits! And the chocolate bar looked very tempting although we resisted this time.  It was demolished by the couple on our next table.A cute gem of a restaurant tucked away across the street from City Park! To start, the server gave us fresh french bread with two kinds of butter -- one a regular butter and the second was a blue cheese honey butter blend. Um, amazing. I had to stop myself from eating the bread otherwise I wouldn't be able to eat our food. My boyfriend and I shared the brown butter spaetzle and the foie gras peanut butter and jelly. I've never heard of spaetzle before but it sounded so fun we had to order it. Spaetzle! Anyway, our server described it as a "rustic" German pasta. It was a very comforting tasty dish with a nice round flavor. The foie gras peanut butter and jelly was also surprisingly a good combination. The foie gras was delicate, light and buttery and was set on top of a thick nutty slab of peanut butter with a jelly drizzle. I had the lamb two ways  that consisted of a lamb sausage and a lamb t-bone. Delish. The sausage was so yummy and spicy! The lamb t-bone was also good, but a little overcooked in my opinion. I asked for a medium rare and it came out more medium. But it still had good flavor. The garlic spinach was pretty standard, but it made me feel like I was getting some much needed ruffage! The dish was also served with beer battered french fries with a sweet glaze. I could have done without those, but my bf really liked them. He ordered the visiting fish dish, which was a sockeye salmon. It was good, but I was so enamored with my lamb I didn't really register his dish. I don't think it was very memorable. Good, light dish but lacked a bit of a flavor punch. We finished with the banana pudding which was rich and creamy. I think there was also piece of cake or a banana in the bread pudding, which was incredibly tasty. 
Our server was really good, too. Checked up on us and made sure our water glasses were refilled -- attentive, but not overbearing.New Year's Eve Dinner there was wonderful!  The service was impeccable, the food was delicious, and the total of the bill for such a quality experience was very reasonable!Brief, but positive. Great place for a nice happy hour after work. The setting is beautiful, piano player in the background and $5 drinks (choice of four glasses of wine or about five speciality cocktails, as well as well drinks which isn't really well liquor). So after a long day after work, grab a friend and enjoy happy hour that isn't in a dive bar. Oh and the food is awesome, although I didn't have any that evening.Dress nice. It is a really nice place outside of the quarter so everyone looks nice (no tourists).  Dinner was great and service was great.  Great sazerac.  Chocolate Bar for dessert was great too.  Fancy restaurants are all on my bucket list so I sent.  I won't go back but that is just because there are too many other places to go.  (plus it was pretty expensive)  yoloService was good. I'm 7 months pregnant so I came hungry. The gumbo was very good. My husband ordered the lamb and it was okay. Definitely, not a lot of food even for an app. I ordered the ribeye. This is where my 3 stars came in. It seemed like the cook just coated every single portion of the meat in black pepper! It was sooooo peppery which is sad for a $34 steak. A Brennan restaurant should really know how that's going to turn out when you season like that. Way too much.They offer a prix fix option where you get three small plates and a glass of wine for $33. I, unfortunately, ordered the sockeye salmon entree, which was good, not great, and had a serious case of the should-uvs as I watched the small plates rolled out. I did get a taste of the PB and J fois gras, which was awesome. And from what I could see and hear the tempura soft shell crabs with hoison buns, the oyster casserole, the brown butter spaetzel, and the mushroom tart were all winners. Excellent cocktails in the bar area and very good wine list including good selection by the glass. I'd definitely go back wiser next time.Ralph's was a great choice for dinner after a hot hot hot day in New Orleans - the small plates of lighter portions let you try a couple of different menu items without feeling like you're going to get the sweats from stuffing yourself to the gills. My boyfriend and I both went in for the three small plates and glass of wine for $33 deal and it did not disappoint! We are both pescetarian and there were loads of choices for us - the waitress was also really helpful in making suggestions to fit our eating preferences. We left feeling full, satisfied, and not at all stuffed - just in time to enjoy watching the sun set over City Park!This restaurant looks very nice and the host and wait staff were very polite and helpful. However the food was terribly disappointing.    I ordered the shrimp and grits. Now I am from South Carolina so I am use to some very good shrimp and grits. But here the grits tastes watery, bland and lukewarm. Shrimp also very bland. It was plated very nicely. The beef Barbacoa did not taste good at all. We order fried peach pie for dessert. It was ok but def not good. I would not recommend or come back to this place.My family went to Ralph's for my sister's birthday lunch. The waitress, Vicky, was excellent, the ambiance was wonderful and the maître d', Steven was lovely and helpful. The menu was personalized with my sister's name on the heading and that made the occasion very special. The food was just alright. Our table got an assortment of items off the menu and I tried most of them. 
The turtle soup was good and seasoned well, not as good as Mandina's but better than Commander's. The corn and crab bisque was cold and strangly foamy, not at all appetizing. The arugula and roasted beet salad with goat cheese was perfect. Just the right amount of tangy sweetness. For the entrées: the fried catfish with corn grits was tasty, like something I make at home. The fried oysters with Rockafeller risotto were under seasoned and required salt.(And I never add salt at the table) The fried soft shell crab with heirloom potatoes was the special of the day. The portion was quite small and that was one of the tiniest fried soft shell crabs I've ever seen. Although small, my sister said it was quite filling. We also had an entrée sized crawfish salad that had pickled mild peppers in it. It was not the best combination for a light seafood salad. For dessert we ordered the peanut butter and banana cream cup, the bread pudding and they gave my sister a complimentary dessert of caramel pots de crème with merlot infused salt and pistachios on top, which was the best out of the three. Community coffee and chicory was served with the dessert and it was one the best parts of my meal. 
For a Brennan's restaurant I expected so much more. The portions for the entrées are not large enough and they need more seasoning in their food. I would have given them 3 stars but the service and atmosphere, along with the personal touches gave them an extra bonus.Simply elegant!! Birthday dinner for a party of 14! Waitress was so patient with us!! We were on a girls trip from Baltimore and this was the ending of our trip experience! Perfect!! Food was so flavorful!! It was so good no one took pics of the food. Thank you Ralph's!!My girlfriends and I stopped here on a Sunday afternoon to sit in the bar and have a quick cocktail. I have NEVER in my life been treated so poorly by a bartender. I ordered a cocktail with blue cheese olives and the bartender Daniel threw a fit over the olives! He completely humiliated me in front of the other bar guests, staff members, and my friends. It was the most outrageous situation I have experienced at a bar. He is a poor excuse for a bartender in New Orleans. This is supposed to be a city of southern hospitality and Daniel is the farthest thing from that!  The manager and the other bartender Eric were great and tried to rectify the situation but the damage was done. However, I have visited Ralph's many times and that was  my first bad experience but it was enough to NEVER return. The food has always been on point but I have never sat in the dining room. We are bar people. So would I reccomend you go? Yes! But hopefully you don't cross paths with Daniel.This is a nice formal traditional New Orleans Sunday brunch place to go.  I've been there a few times for dinner and it was nothing special.  The service is good.  It is good for private parties as there is a nice big room upstairs.So I've been to Ralph's on the Park for a few corporate events. And while I feel like this is a really nice restaurant and perfect for business meetings, special occasions, first dates, etc., I just couldn't bring myself to love it. 
I went for a Christmas lunch with my coworkers. Our table was ready when we got there as they take reservations. I love the ambiance, the white linens, and the historic feel of the building. We started off with the Worcestershire & citrus glazed lamb spare rib and the Disgruntled shrimp, which were both delicious. Then for my entree I decided to order the Louisiana seafood crepe. The entree description on the menu really enticed me to order this "Lake Pontchartrain crabmeat, Gulf shrimp & fish, smoked tomato sauce, fried shrimp curls". However, I just wasn't satisfied with my dish and just found it to be edible. I was disappointed and immediately felt "diner's remorse" when I saw my coworker's "BBQ Gulf shrimp", which they described to be very good. Anyways, maybe I just ordered the wrong thing, but it won't stop me from coming here again. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to a friend or an out-of-towner for Brunch or a special occasion.I only write reviews of places that are extraordinary, and this is one. I ate at Ralph's on the Park twice during my last trip to New Orleans. It's on City Park, so not in a neighborhood I usually get to. I had the lamb ribs, which were amazing on my first visit. The next time I had the Lobster Napoleon and the pasta with some kind of sausage, which was one of the great pastas I've had in memory. Really couldn't have loved this place more. Also, if you're from out of town: City Park, across the street is very worth visiting, and it's  a beautiful view out the windows of Ralph's.It's really more like 4.5 stars.
We didn't have a reservation and the place was packed for Sunday brunch.  The manager offered us a seat at the bar and quickly turned over a table for my wife and I.
The house Bloody Mary's are great- they use a mix other than Zing Zang.
The food was delicious; the menu included a 3 course brunch.  The mimosas were endless.  We struck up interesting conversation with the table next to us.   Overall, it was a good experience.
I recommend reservations.Had brunch for the first time there yesterday. Bottomless mimosas or champagne usually make brunch a 5Star event. The food and service was excellent. There's a fabulous view of the park and complimentary valet service. I used valet but my other friends were able to park with no problems. All in all a great experience!We've been to Ralph's a few times. 
It is actually our favorite Brennan's restaurant.
It's always very good - both the food and the service.
I recommend it highly.
Also very good for special occasions. :)We visited Ralph's last on a Thursday evening following a company Holiday cocktail party. I always find this restaurant to have a dapper charm that is upscale but comfortable. I ordered the braised beef with pumpkin seed mole. I love a mole and this was good but slightly different than the true classic with a sauce leaning a bit toward a sweet bbq version of the mole. The beef was tender and there were cornmeal fritters around the dish that were unusual but good. My dish was a smaller plate but I found it plenty filling. My husband had the duck confit which he enjoyed and I thought was well done from my small taste of it. We ended with the chocolate hazelnut tart that had a surprising but pleasant strong orange notes on the plate and in the tart. 
Overall, I always enjoy Ralph's and it's a great place to take guests with a charming view of City Park. The food is inventive and always good but sometimes the ambitious flavor profiles don't quite hit the mark. All the same, I can't imagine that you can ever have an unenjoyable experience here.Last night we ate at Ralph's on the Park and I woke up thinking about my meal.  From beginning to end, Ralph's does it right.  With a party of six, we had a chance to sample many items off the menu but the highlight for me was the New New Orleans Shrimp and Grits; this is an unexpected dish from a NOLA favorite and curry lovers will be delighted.  One of our guests who is our turtle soup connoiseur promised that Ralph's turtle soup is the best in town.  Note that the truffle fries (delicious and crispy) are actually fries served with truffle mayonnaise.  You will find a very good selection of wine and excellent desserts.  Ralph's is best saved for special occasions and delivers by way of food, ambiance and service.My first time going to Ralph's on the Park. I've had meals at some of the finest steak and chop houses from New York to Dallas to LA, so I must admit I was a bit taken back by a manager who responded to our complaint on the 20oz Bone in Ribeye for two by telling me that this steak is typically more fatty than others. Given that this was not even my complaint I thought it strange that she felt the need to defend this steak for it's fattiness. My complaint was it was almost cold when delivered to the table. They redid the order for us and I understood why she had assumed I was complaining about the quality of the meat. It was simply not up to par. The others at my table enjoyed all the other steaks, the strip and filet, so I guess I would recommend not ordering the 20 oz Ribeye. The staff was gracious enough to provide deserts on the house for our displeasure.Amazing service and if you're a pescetarian it is ideal. The seafood is fresh, well cooked and flavorful.Overall a great experience. 
  Food 9/10.  
  Wait staff. 8/10
  Valet staff. 5/10
Inside this place is excellent. The food was sensational and our waitress was knowledgable and friendly. 
The pork and crawfish set a good night up for the pan seared fish and jumbo shrimp. The chocolate cake for desert was sensational, topped off by some excellent cocktails and a very well priced french merlot. 
Unfortunately the valet staff were lackadaisical. Not even a hello on entry and the cab that we had left our table (and a quarter glass of wine) to catch had already been given to someone else in the minute it took us to get outside. A small stain on an otherwise excellent night.A swing, and a miss. I ordered the Royal with Cheese, served with freedom fries. Its kind of ironic and funny that a restaurant in America's only former French speaking city would name a menu item after a republican attack against France... but I digress. The burger, ordered medium well was served medium rare, which was in striking contrast to the bun, which was probably made in a bakery five days earlier. If it weren't for the stale bread, the burger would have been a success. However, I think the cook, while placing the bun on my plate may have declared, if its too hard, let them eat cake.Dinner was very good and service among
The best. Would at the top of the list on
A subsequent visit. Don't pass up if you have
A choice.Came to this place for brunch with my father yesterday and absolutely loved it. The endless mimosas for $14 is simply a steal. My father and I weren't too hungry so we just got appetizers. The Parmesan oysters are to die for, my dad ordered them and I ended up eating most of the plate. The monkey bread is also very worth trying.We had our son's wedding rehearsal dinner at Ralph's. The entire event was well managed. The food was prepared to perfection and the service was spot on. We couldn't be more pleased.I really enjoyed my meal at Ralph's. The service is always awesome, my food was fabulous.. I brought my mother and her husband and they loved ti. My one complaint.... the diner at the table next to us, their cell phone ringer was on and it rang 3 times during dinner and the customer picked up the phone and answered it.. 
I think the waiter should have told her that there were no phones in the dining room, or please turn the ringer off... something.. it was annoying.. I mean at least get up and go to the bar area and take your call...We are new residents of the area, didn't have time to cook, or the want to because it it just the two of us.  Went yelping for a perfect experience...and found it. Ralph's followed up on OpenTablereservations, I like that.  Arrive to nice neighborhood right across fromm beautiful City Park.  Seated right away, nice place, very traditional, 'neat' crowd...the kind of people we'd like to hang out with.  Service was provided by a team to two, who were very attentive without rushing us through the meal.  
Ah, the meal...Apps: Blues Crab Beignets with White Remoulade Sauce, Smoked Fried Oysters with Tomato Jam and Creole Mustard Sauce - both amazing.  First time ever my husban had the courage to taste an oyster.  And he loved it.  We both had Slow-Cooked Duck with Cherry Sauce and Dirty Rice and Baby Green beans for our entree.  Also off the charts!  Oh, we also ordered a side of Oyster Dressing, hands down highlight of the meal.  WOW!  Our dessert courses went home for later, White Chocolate Cheescake for the hubby (he didn't offer to share) and the best Pumpking Bread Pudding with Bourbon Glaze I've ever had.  Come to think of it, I didn't offr to share either.  
Only suggestion for Ralph's - Irish Coffee should come with whipped cream, not black.  This may become an annual trip for my new Oyster-loving husband and I!One of the best meals I have ever eaten!  Oh my goodness I love this place.  The food was amazing and the service was great.   My family and I went there for Sunday brunch.  They brought out some biscuits, literally the best biscuit I have ever had!  They had a bone marrow special, it was phenomenal.  Then I had turtle soup,  lamb and grits.  I have been day dreaming about this meal everyday since I left.  SO GOOD.  Yummmmm!  Oh and the restaurant is absolutely beautiful!Very, very friendly staff and outstanding service. The food was also top-notch. We visited for lunch and grabbed one of the chef's breaded, pan fried pork loin specials before they ran out. It was fabulous, with a brown-butter-pecan sauce on top and accompanied by roasted white and purple potatoes. The turtle soup was outstanding. With the nice Albarino and Pinot Grigio wines available by the glass, our meal went down soooo smoothly. Will return to Ralph's on future NOLA visits.What an amazing experience! The food, the service, the ambiance...5 stars across the board!! There couldn't have been a better experience for my guy and I to celebrate a late Valentine's Day celebration.Service: 5 stars
Food: 2 stars
Service was awesome, it really doesn't get much better. The food was very forgettable and left me feeling pretty unsatisfied as far as $70/person dining experiences go. 
Positives: Cocktails were good and as described. The desserts were good. The service was awesome. Actually, I would say the service was superlative. Seriously, it doesn't get any better than what we experienced here. This waiter was world class. I honestly think possibly in the top 3 I've ever had, including Commander's, Arnaud's, and several other purported 5 star restaurants. Thank goodness for that, you'll see why in the "negatives" section. 
Negatives: This place is little more than a tapas outfit as far as quantity goes. I paid over $80 in food alone between me and my Fiance, but we still left hungry. I found myself eating like 3 loaves of bread, haha. But it was really the quality of the food that disappointed me. I ordered the steak, one of the more pricey entrees on the menu at like $32. Let's just say I've had much better at chain restaurants. The potatoes and other sides were very hot, but the steak itself was tiny, cold and tough! Very disappointing. As good as our waiter was, I am sure he would have corrected it had I said something, but I really would have felt bad. He was so nice and so helpful, I would have felt like I was taking advantage. Probably says more about me than him, though. I doubt what I received was an anomaly for them. 
Bottom line: Overall this is still a very nice restaurant. It has the advantage of being easy to get to, not overly crowded or in the middle of the quarter (a plus for many locals). Would I go back? Probably not any time soon. There are too many other highly recommended restaurants that I haven't tried yet. If you're more in it for the food than the fine dining experience/service, there are literally hundreds of better options!I had wanted to come her for years, but somehow I always seem to mistime getting here while they were open. If you have eaten at other Brennan's restaurants, you know that the attention to service is always professional. Food was immaculate, and their cocktails are well made. 
I really should do these reviews sooner, as I always forget what I've eaten, if I leave it too long. I only know that my wife and I had a great time here, and will put it on our list of favorite places.A friend made reservations for Sunday Brunch and overall I thought the meal was very good. They do bottomless mimosas or champagne and they have an amazing lemon basil Bloody Mary, which was probably my favorite part of the meal. I had the City Park Breakfast: two eggs, two meats (bacon + meat du jour), and two carbs (cheese grits + hash brown patty), it was a bit heavy. I think this dish would improve with the substitution of fruit or veg in place of the additional meat and/or carb. (Would sub a veg, if I return, in place of the hash brown patty; this was just ok, imo.) I had ordered my eggs over easy and the yolks were a little too cooked. Nice atmosphere, nice pours on the mimosas.Great food, lovely atmosphere, always interesting drink specials. I like that they have a charity special drink most days, where Edited to correct: 20%! of the proceeds go to a chosen charity, usually in a theme with the drink. And speaking of drinks, Tito is a fantastic bartender, great personality and service.Pretty place, but small portions, limited offerings and slow service. We won't be eating here again.Excellent food and atmosphere. Would definitely go back. Large group had the consensus that the quality was sublime. Service was great with the server providing extra gumbo after a salad. 
Wonderful night with great friends, food and service.This review is based on the excellent deal that Happy Hour is here. Happy Hour is from 5-7 Tue-Thur. I thought the Boudin Balls were delicious and more than I expected when I got them on my first visit. On my second visit, I got the truffle fries, which are thin french fries with some mayo that has been truffled in some way on the side to dip them in. This was also a large portion, definitely enough for two people to share. 
The drinks were excellent. The first time I came here it wasn't really Happy Hour (they don't have the Happy Hour deals on Friday) but I got the City Park Lemonade. It was wonderful. If I recall, it had bourbon and muddled blackberries in it. Last time, I got a champagne cocktail, which was lovely as well.
The only ding, I guess, is that I was disappointed they didn't have the Happy Hour prices on Friday and it is actually not that easy to find the Happy Hour times on their website. It would be useful if they put the times for Happy Hour on the Happy Hour menu page on the website. In any case, I will certainly be back.I was pleasantly surprised by my dinner here the other night.
I had been for an event that included a buffet set up of appetizers and they were on the better end of mediocre but nothing spectacular. 
The drink choices were excellent and the wine list, both bottle and glass, was very nice. I had a Christmas-tini and it was really good. It was nice to get a glass of Veuve Clicquot.
I came with a group of seven and I think we tried all of the small plate options. I had the fois gras peanut butter and jelly and it was heavenly. The mushroom tart was also one of my favorites. For my entree I had the duck breast and it was perfectly cooked and had a very nice sauce. My friend got the bone in rib eye and because of the nature of the cut of meat parts of it were over cooked. My only complaint is that my chocolate mouse cheese cake needed more chocolate.
I definitely plan on returning again. The food is excellent and it is so nice to eat while looking out at City ParkElegant dinner setting. Complex flavors and interesting combinations are appreciated. Dining experience for special occasions for sure. Follow dinner with a walk in the park.Great food and great service! My girlfriend and I went for Sunday brunch. We started with the turtle soup and a side of biscuits then had an off menu fried tomatoes topped with crab legs. We finished with the eggs benedict that is served with fried oysters. Everything was excellent and I'd highly recommend.My husband and I went here for our anniversary.  It's a bit pricy but the food was excellent.  We had a spicy shrimp dish for an appetizer that was to die for.  Then for entrees we had the fried chicken dish and ribeye wrapped scallops.  Both were very good.  Smaller portions that what I'm used to in New Orleans, but still satisfying.  Had the meyer lemon cheesecake for dessert.  Oh, and the Pimmy Hendricks is very good if you are a fan of Pimm's.Lovely bar, wonderful bartender but the waiter who seated us apparently had issues with people of color.  He took care to make sure my seat was pulled out and addressed me but ignored my African American friend.   We left and we will not be back.Excellent ambiance and decor and superb food and service. An absolute joy to dine here.It had been quite some time since my last visit to Ralph's prior to my girlfriend and I making an impromptu stop Saturday. While I have always been fond of this most perfectly situated eateries (giant windows overlooking City Park...come on, half the work is done as soon as your customers are seated), I usually graded it thusly: atmosphere 10; Service 7; Food 6-8....solid, sometimes great, never really wonderful.
           Well, last Saturday, that changed. Service started very well and was consistently attenrtive without hovering (the hostess even palmed a black napkin unbeknownst to me and draped it on my black suitpants while seating us, never verbally drawing attention to this move, so much more appreciated for that). The setting is as gorgeous as ever, and I urge you to make a trip there before the end of the year since glimmers of the Celebration in the Oaks lights can be spied from the large plate glass windows limning the dining room.
            But I have already stipulated to the pulchritude of the setting and Brennan owned restaurants are presumed to have great service, so what gives with food?
            In a word: superb.
            The menu is mostly composed of elevated takes on Creole and other comfort food classics, along with some Asian fusion touches (which would normally worry me, this no longer being 1992 and all). What I can say is the "Disgruntled Shrimp" (one of those aforementioned fusion dishes) is a palate tingling delight-plump tempura fried shrimp, perched upon a wasabi cream and kissed chili/honey/soy glaze...I Know! so Bobby Flay 20 years ago, but they kicked our collective asses. My girl's pan fried chicken livers on a creamy pool of grits made her smile silently, pondering why she doesn't make more time for those earthy little delights.
              My gnocchi with Swiss chard, Mississippi shitakes and sweet potatoe sounds a little dull, right? WRONG! It was light yet rich in flavor, the hand made pasta dumplings possessed of a perfect texture. My lovely companion's BBQ gulf shrimp were just fantastic (and she knows from rightious N.O. style BBQ shrimp, having made them many times herself), and the toasted and buttered baguette upon which the juicy crustaceans and their savory sauce were sitting absorbed all that flavor and was transformed into some perversely delicious crack-like crouton of bliss.
              We split the banana pudding, which was once again, the highest expression of an old classic...also, strong coffee with chicory for me and a (I think) Ralph's coffee, which had Frangelica and whip cream, for her. 
              We will be back...soon!Came here for a luncheon  in the upstairs room and left with mixed feelings. 
Ambiance: Pure southern elegance. We had access to the 2nd floor balcony over looking city park. I could have stayed there all day. For private parties, they set up a make shift bar so you can relax and sip on mimosas.  Whats not to like?
Service: He was an old school fine dining waiter-no complaints
Food: Hence my 3 star rating...it was ok    People allergic to eggplant could have eaten the fried eggplant appetizer. It was like fried puffs of air, did they puree the eggplant?  It was a soup or salad option and my salad was a sad alternative to the turtle soup. Three halves of a cherry tomato and grassy tasting romaine.  Three out of six of us ordered the grilled drumfish. It was way over seasoned/salted to an inedible degree. It came with a piece of wilted bok choy which ended up being the best thing on the plate. We all left most of the fish on our plate.  Dessert was the redeeming end to the lunch even though my coffee refill was served ice cold. 
I guess they feel their Brennans name will make everything taste better and be worthy of their high prices?   Too bad the second floor balcony is only open for private luncheon parties:(Such a welcome respite from the French Quarter insanity and mediocre fare. Ralph's is a refined yet not snooty local favorite. The food was creative, the service very friendly and the price was fair considering the high quality. I will defintely go back next time I'm in New Orleans.hello.   Ralphs.     this place is unbelievably good.  staff is spot on.   we had the luxury of some / a ton of lagniappe at our table for birthday wishes.  I think some 22 different plates hit our table.   BIG table.   we did the three appetizer menu, and then some.   pretty much sampled this entire menu.   I would say the stand out was a lamb and pasta dish that I can't recall the name of, but man it was above and beyond.   the watermelon salad, yes, so many things.   
and dessert too.Customer Service should always be top especially with the hostess . The food was okay not great like I thought it would be.Had reservations for 8pm on a Friday night. Walked in and were greeted and seated right away. Our server was Mallory, she was quite bubbly, and seemed to enjoy her job. She sold us on the special appetizer, Japanese mussels from Washington State that they apparently don't get too often. Well, sure! We tried those and enjoyed them. While small, they had a great sauce that we soaked up with the delicious warm French bread brought to the table. Traditional dirty martini's were enjoyed, one vodka, one gin. We were then informed that if you like Traditional martinis, they are only 10 cents at lunch! 10 cents! That beats the 25 cent specials other places.
On to the main courses. I had the Pan Seared Cobia, served over a cheese grit cake with tomato gravy. I found this to be a fantastic dish. Was not only visually pleasing but full of flavor and cooked nicely. Also ordered was the Whole Roasted Red Snapper. Another dish done well, just watch out for the bones. For dessert, the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding with a caramel rum sauce and scoop of ice cream was inhaled. We were full from dinner but found room for that dessert!
Really enjoyed the dining experience here. Good location on City Park Ave, lovely décor, well prepared dishes, and attentive service.My fiance wanted to take me here for the first time.  He has been once before for a work related dinner party. Everything seems soo much better when it's free right?! EXACTLY! 
Overall impression of Ralph's on the Park..it's ok!  Food was medioce.  Prices are reasonable. But, I don't think we'll come back.
We had the 3 course appetizers + 1 glass of wine for $28.  
1.) Escargot Casserollete: Didn't care for it.  The tomato sauce sitting over the escargot was solid and not even warm!
2.) Brown Butter Spaetzle: saw this on the foodnetwork once and wanted to try something different.  WAYYY TOO SALTY!
3.) Foie Gras Peanut Butter & Jelly: the oddest combo YET! Didn't care for this either.
We also got the wine flight special...that was nice..
For an entree:
1.) Grilled Bone-In Fillet: Always wanted to get a bone in fillet mignon..we always ordered Medium Rare.  Came out super dry and pretty much medium well.  It wasn't even HOT!  It appeared as if they poked at the poor mignon several times to check the temperature..should have known not to get a steak at a nonsteak house..
Dessert: We skipped and went to Sucre...
Again..really wasn't impressed...not coming again..Ralph's on the Park is a nice restaurant, don't get me wrong. My boyfriend and His family went about 2 weeks ago and the food was not good at all. The turtle soup was sub par, the gumbo was burned, it just wasn't good. Last night we gave my boyfriend's dad a 75th Birthday party and IF the food had been good, the party would've been A1. For everything to be nice BUT the food is VERY disappointing. Johnathan was also a very rude host!!!! I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to ANYONE!!!!! Ralph's on the Park needs to hire a cook from the Brennan family!!!!!!! UGH!!!Ralph's on the Park is the best in the restaurant in the area!!!!  I love love love the city park salad, the lamb, duck, filet mignon. The menu changes periodically and every change has been great. The desserts are a great ending to the meal. I have gone to Ralph's on the most stormiest and foggiest evenings, nothing would stop me from going unless it was another category 5. My most memorable times has been the New Years' Eve 3 Course Dinner Special. The staff and service is impeccable. I love Ralph's on the Park It is the main eatery in NOLA to me. : )I came here for New Year's Eve dinner and had a turtle soup that was amazing, very delicious and great piece of Grilled Louisiana Legacy Prime Strip.
It was a fantastic dinner experience. It is kind of expensive but worth it.Good food. Try the rib eye filet topped with crawfish... delicious. Good service. But it was very crowded and VERY noisy. My friend and I couldn't even hear each other speaking.Dont get me wrong, Ralph's is better than standard fare. I even prefer it to Commander's Palace. But for what we're paying I can find better. 'Average' accounts for the price.We made an early reservation here for Mother's Day (5:30), and when we sat down and finally got to the ordering of the meal, we were told they were out of crab meat, strawberry shortcake, and bread pudding.  Anyone who is from, has lived in, or has visited New Orleans knows that crabmeat and bread pudding are staples in the New Orleans diet.  Given that you had to make reservations in advance, I really don't understand how they ran out of food much less these critical pieces of the diet for Mother's day.  The service wasn't all that either.  We received bread (the third staple in a New Orleans diet) an hour after we sat, and this occurred only because we asked for it.  To say this Mother's day meal was a disappointment is an understatement.  I gave it 2 stars instead of one based on historical data as prior visits had much better service and much better food.  Speaking of the food, for what was left and available for ordering, most of the table had lamb or fish.  The lamb sausage was much better than the less than tender and really tough meat they served.  My blackened redfish was great as was my wife's.  The surprise best dessert of the night was the chocolate chip coffee ice cream.  Who knew?  In any event, the meal was about 2.5 hours, and with two little ones ( my niece and nephew ), we really needed a 1.5 hour meal.  So disappointed.Is this an appetizer? That's what we all said when our food arrived. It's situated right on City Park, and the scenery is beautiful. I ordered the chicken, and my boyfriend got the steak. The food was delicious but unbelievably small; I felt like I needed two portions! The service was quite impressive though.I tried the 3-course brunch. turtle soup with sherry, catfish and bread pudding.
Everything is yummy! And the waitress recommended the biscuit as side, it smells good.Friendly waitstaff and good food. This restaurant is easy to get to. They offer valet parking. The view from the park is amazing. We always enjoy the meal. Can't wait to return!We arrived at 4 pm when the dinner area was closed but the bar side was open. We ordered sweet potato humus, Fried cheese Halloumi and Blackened Shrimp Baum Mi sandwich. I tell u it was the best we have ever had, everything. The ambiance was beautiful southern salon setting and service was outstanding. Two thumbs way up.Very inconsistent service with hit or miss food. When they're on it's good but when they're off it can be bad. I think we will quit recommending this restaurant to our friends. We arrived for a dinner reservation with out of town friends, when we were shown to our table it hadn't even been cleaned off!!!  The waiters have always been great but the other staff leaves a lot to be desired. We love the location and May give them another try in a couple of yearsBeautiful ambiance, horrible food!  The menu screams "true southern cuisine", but it has absolutely no southern flavor!  The fried oysters, okra, redfish and steak lacked serious seasoning! The food was just plain ole bland!! All those giving this restaurant great reviews, clearly do not know true southern cuisine.  Extremely disappointed!From start to finish, Ralph's on the Park was an exceptional experience.  Food was on the money and service was super.  The atmosphere is really quaint too, especially being right next to City Park.  It was nice to have the manager exchange a few thoughts and kind words with us too.  This is the model of how a great restaurant should operate.  We will returnGo there regularly for breakfast and lunch meetings as well as dinners. Very professional and attentive staff. Super location right by City Park. Could not ask for more.Brunch at Ralphs - I'd go again. Like everyone said - service, impeccable. Dress nicely. Did not like the Bloody Mary that had the pepper vodka option, in fact, it's probably the worst I've ever had. Good quality of food, but not the first place I'd recommend to someone visiting NOLA.This is a great location overlooking City Park.  I've been to a few private events here and many dinners.  The ambiance and location are my favorite things about Ralph's and it is a very relaxing spot to enjoy fine dining.  I've always enjoyed the food, service, and atmosphere of this place.  They often have different specials throughout the year.  They currently have lunch Wed-Fri with brunch on Sunday and dinner 7 nights a week.  They also have a nice bar here that can be enjoyable just to hang out at.Gorgeous view of the park - complimentary valet service.  We came for Sunday Brunch. Pricey. Would I choose to go again? Probably not.  Did I enjoy the experience? Yes indeed.
Drinks: Chipotle Bloody Mary - nice and spicy $8. Blood Orange Margarita - unfortunately the Blood Orange taste did not come through - mostly tasted of Tequila $10. Hot Tea - $4.
Appetizers: Tuna 2 ways - nice amount of Tuna, very fresh (though I could have used stronger sauces to compliment) $11. Yakamein - very strong brown broth, little pork belly, small amount of noodles $10. The server will ask if you'd like bread or biscuits - for 5 of us, we had 3 sides of biscuits for $10.50.
Entrees: Shrimp and Grits were very popular and looked delicious $17.50. Changua was a white broth soup with crab - served luke warm - green onion and other fresh herbs overpowered the dish, not enough crab $18. Paneed Chicken - delicious! $18. Most entrees were served with an egg - eggs were cooked perfectly.
Desserts: doberge Cake - moist and delicious $8. Blueberry Dessert - fresh blueberries, unmemorable panna cotta $8. Dessert special was a chocolate bar which was quite delicious.Fabulous as always! Had brunch @ Ralph's Sunday. Their brunch is always great, and is only made better by their Bottomless Mimosas The servis is always great, because the waitstaff is extremely attentive. We started with the Shrimp Skully & Housemade Yogurt; a perfect beginning. For the main course we had Crawfish Cakes & Eggs and the Shrimp & Grits. Everything was perfect! It is always a treat going to Ralph's.Ralph's was recommended to us by a local.  We came with a party of eight from out of town.  They did a great job having our reservation and table ready for us.  They even personalized our menus.  The drinks were amazing and we enjoyed the atmosphere.  
Our server, Corinne, was terrible, very underwhelming, barely checked in on us, and didn't seem to like her job.  We were told we couldn't order our appetizer and cocktails until we were ready to order our meals.  We had to ask for drinks and refills on water.  The food was decent, we had the whole fish which we enjoyed.  We saw other servers give an explanation on how to open the fish and get the meat, ours of course wasn't even around when the food was brought to our table. The steaks were bland and not cooked to our liking.  The pasta dish is a rip off, $27 for the tiniest portion, like smaller than a side salad.  The bread and butter were good along with our shrimp dip appetizer.  The truffle fries were just regular fries with a truffle mayo.  
After we paid, we told Nunzio the manager of our issues and he made excuses for his servers lackluster attitude.  He said we could come back for drinks but never gave us anything in writing or even his card.  A good manager would have offered for us to come into the bar and have a drink on him knowing we weren't locals.  
I think your experience could be different with another server.Had an 80th birthday party for my mother. They did a spectacular job. The food was excellent and so was the service. Everyone had a great time. The room set up was perfect.I hosted my daughter's baby shower here today, and it was perfect!  The service was impeccable, the space was beautiful and the food was delicious!Exceptional food and service! Can't find a bad thing to say about anything. Adelle was wonderful! Always smiling and right on for everything. 
The food was absolutely phenomenal. Everything was perfect- seasoning, flavor was totally exceptional.The crab cake is awesome!!!!  Love this restaurant and definately will go again!Had my retirement luncheon there on Sunday afternoon! My team loved the endless champagne or mimosasI felt pampered by my team and the staff! Mallory was awesome..taking pictures and meeting all of our needs! Congratulations, Shawn!!! Written at the top of our personalized menus was an extra added bonus! Thank you Ralph's for a beautiful luncheon I will not forget!Service is impeccable and the food is delicious. And, for a restaurant of its caliber, it is reasonably priced.Very nice place! Was out for dinner with some New Orleans people in the know, who chose Ralph's and told us a bit about the history. Used to be a rowdy bar, and was bought and cleaned up and now looks like a classic restaurant that's been there for a century. Nice touches like chandeliers and old art, and a side bar and dining area with a live piano player keep it classy. 
I had the Whole Gulf Fish, and the server put me at ease that even though it had bones (and a tail and a face), the fish was so superbly cooked, the meat would come right off, no bones (say it a la Nigel Tuffnel). And she was right. The fish, pan seared in with spices and jalapeno was fall off the bone tender, excellent. 
Very pleased with our meal at Ralph's.Loved it, and I'm a real foodie.  Nice seat by the window and enjoyed the three appetizer and a glass of wine for $28 special.  Had the tomato tart, wild mushroom ravioli, and atlantic salmon.  The tomato tart was the real standout, it melted in my mouth and the tomatoes were flavorful and juicy.  The ravioli was also delicious (pretty sweet though, almost like a dessert). The atlantic salmon was actually smoked which I wasn't expecting but it was okay just not the real draw.  It came accompanied with a salad and the asparagus with it was good but not as amazing.  The manager came over the chat with us and he was very friendly.  It was probably the best meal we had during our stay in New Orleans.We went here to have lunch with my relatives from out of town and we were not impressed whatsoever. My cousin and I started with the Baby Iceberg Salad which barely had any dressing at all and the lettuce tasted bitter for both of us. Then, for my entree I had the Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwhich. I cut it in half and to my surprise the chicken was still a little raw.  Dessert was honestly the best thing that I ate. It was like a lemon mousse with watermelon sorbet on top (it is not listed on the menu because is was a special that day). The restaurant itself has a great atmosphere, but the service could be a little better. Our waitress was nice but not as energetic and quick as we had liked her to be. Whenever we asked her for something, she made it seem like it was a burden. Overall, I would not go back there!1) The service at Ralph's is amazing. They are detailed oriented and know the menu. Our waitress knew how to up-sale well and it was well worth it to accept her suggestions.
2) The food is phenomenal. On this night I had   The filet mignon with lump crab meat. I was not disappointed! The turtle soup and tuna tartar were also home runs!
3) The dining room is gorgeous. My wife and I came to Ralph's the night we got engaged and we come back every year to celebrate. The dining room overlooks the beautiful oaks in City Park,
I highly recommend Ralph's on the Park!Place is a lovely location. We went for a private party event.  The gumbo had a nice dark color but was thin and needed more spices.  My pork was tough; shoulder was killing me trying to cut it with a regular (non-serated) knife! There were four small broccoli florets with about 1/4 cup of rice and a tiny amount of gravy. It was VERY DISAPPOINTING for what was paid per plate.
I don't know if I will return.I've been a patron here at least a half a dozen times.  Whether it was for dinner or brunch in the main dining room, or for a private luncheon, reception or dinner in the private room upstairs, my every experience has been first class and top notch.  As with most Brennan restaurants, the food is always excellent, the cocktails creative and the service stellar.  The one area this Brennan restaurant can claim a real advantage over its sister restaurants is location, location, location.  The view of City Park is beautiful year round and of course positively stunning during Celebration in the Oaks.  
The private room upstairs is quite large.  Probably the largest event I had there easily accommodated at least 60 at a seated luncheon plus there was a separate adjacent private bar area for drinking and mingling.  Upstairs also has a extra large wrap around balcony which is a really nice selling point considering the view.  
Whether for a romantic night out or special celebration or for a private event, Ralph's is an excellent choice.   Oh - and chocoholics beware--, save room for desert.  The Chocolate bar is super rich and oh so good!  Don't miss it!This place gave me food poisoning. Had me throwing up all afternoon, with stomach cramps. Never get the Royale with Cheese. You're better off getting a quarter pounder at McDonald's.I want to start off by saying I don't regret celebrating my first anniversary at this restaurant. From the moment we sat down to the time our server dropped off our check was absolutely perfect. We enjoyed everything we ate as well. To start off we had the Parmesan Fried Oyster and Turtle Soup. The oyster taste so fresh like it came straight from the Gulf. It was super crunchy and the spinach and garlic aioli was to die for! I've never had turtle soup before so it was definitely something worth trying. The turtle meat was tender and the soup was very flavorful. The chef also gave us a complimentary tasting appetizer that had a shrimp topped on a slice of cucumber. It was the perfect bite and really refreshing. For my entree I had the Fish on the half shell served with roasted cauliflower. I think it was a special they were serving that night, but it was really good. The fish was light and flakey. The sauce with the cauliflower was delicious as well! I would eat two servings of that dish if I could. We also had the garlic fries as a side dish. It's a huge portion of fries so you could definitely split it between 2-3 people. You can't really mess up garlic fries. I always order them when they're available at the places I eat! For dessert we the Chocolate Doberge with complementary champagne. The chocolate doberge was very rich and chocolatey. I love chocolate so I didn't mind it. It was definitely the perfect way to end our dinner. I'll be finding my way back here soon!Really unimpressed with our experience. It started off well enough, with a very cute 'Congratulations' on our menu as we were celebrating a graduation. My first cocktail was a seasonal and it was delicious, and my sister had a glass of wine that was also great. We ordered all of our courses at the same time, which I guess was a bad idea. We started off with the shrimp dip, but we were actually brought the crab dip. It was delicious, so we ate it, but the price tag was 2x as much on the crab dip and if I hadn't been paying with a large gift card I would have been a little perturbed. Our food and service went downhill from here.
After our dip, a man who seemed like a manager or owner brought us our entrees and set them down despite our confused looks, as we had ordered an appetizer course of soup and salad. Our server (who was very sweet and clearly working with less than a full set of cards in the kitchen/BOH/management) came by and apologized, said she had fired our apps but the kitchen fired our entrees instead, and she would cancel the apps from our order. Really weird move. A restaurant that really wanted to make sure its customers were happy would have sent the apps and re-fired the entrees at an appropriate time. We instead just asked them to bring our turtle soup out anyway as we wanted to try it. The same befuddled manager/owner guy brought it out, seemed confused that we were getting soups with our entrees, and then didn't even serve it with sherry which is frankly just clutch for a turtle soup; we had to wait 5 minutes for our actual server to come by and ask her for the sherry. Again, a restaurant that wanted to make sure its customers were happy, and who recognized they made a pretty blatant mistake on their order, would have comped the soup. It was like $9, it's worth that much to keep a customer. Ralph's did not. 
Our entrees were pretty mediocre, really not up to the calibre I would have expected from the price tag. I ordered a fish that had 'brown butter' in the description and there was not a whiff of it in the dish, which was really disappointing. We got the brussels sprouts side and the sprouts were enormous and extremely undercooked, I couldn't cut them with the basic cutlery they brought us and could barely chew them. Somewhere in here I had a second cocktail that tasted suspiciously like cleaning fluid. I was too frustrated with the rest of the dining experience to care and drank it anyway. To cap it off, we ordered an ice cream that was not good and sent it back, luckily they took it off our bill. 
Overall, I spent the majority of my large gift card on a meal which included 1 good cocktail, 1 good glass of wine, 1 good appetizer, 2 missing dishes, 2 mediocre dishes, 1 bad dish and 1 bad cocktail. Would not recommend this place at all.Friend made a reservation for brunch at 10:30 using their online system and when we got there, we learned for some reason it didn't go through and they didn't have us down. No problem, the place was mostly empty we thought. They told us we couldn't get in until 1:00. Huh. As my friends were trying to politely discuss the issue and continued to be told we could sit at the bar, I whispered to my wife, "I saw plenty of openings on Open Table." She pulls it up, friends still trying to negotiate, hits "reserve table" and we literally watched it pop up on their screen. Suddenly, they had a table for us. What horsecrap. We were very polite about it and didn't make a fuss at all, but I think they were embarrassed that they got busted. Maybe that played in the service issues. A few other tables remained open the entire time we were there. Service was weird. They left our empty plates on our table for at least 10-15 minutes before removing them. 
Now for the food review: it was actually quite tasty. Everyone had a variety of brunch items. I had the hangar steak with mushroom and essentially half of a traditional eggs benedict. It could have been hotter, but I like my food piping hot. Others had strawberry French toast, a chicken dish and the New Orleans breakfast. Tasty Bloody Mary's and good coffee. Spendy for what you get, but the location is right across from City Park and I presume the ambiance and attention from staff is usually much better than we received.Don't know what all the hype is about... I was not impressed and a bit disappointed, especially knowing the choices available in NOLA. Just average.Nice place and great to go at least once in your lifetime. The staff is nice. The portions are on the small side. It's very laid back for brunch. I'd say it's a great place for family traditions. Valet is complimentary and it's easy to park so it's the perfect alternative if you don't want to be bothered with traffic in the French Quarter to go to Brennan's.So I did the endless champagne. I can't remember the brand but it was a brut. Not my favorite but it was more than tolerable. I had a duck hash and eggs, and the duck and eggs was phenomenal. However, the hash was too mushy and clashed really badly with the texture of the duck confit and the sunny side up eggs. It was also paired with diced sweet potatoes that were decent. The best thing at my table was the soup of the day: a shrimp and mirliton bisque.... *chefs kiss. It had such a great complexity and the flavors blended so well. Amazing. We also had the crab cake crepe. It was an interesting flavor and the lump crab was really fresh but not my favorite.Fantastic service and amazing food...great wine prices and across from pretty city park.  Hit this place up whether you live in NO or visiting.Very inconsistent service with hit or miss food. When they're on it's good but when they're off it can be bad. I think we will quit recommending this restaurant to our friends. We arrived for a dinner reservation with out of town friends, when we were shown to our table it hadn't even been cleaned off!!!  The waiters have always been great but the other staff leaves a lot to be desired. We love the location and May give them another try in a couple of yearsClassy, great service with amazing food! Had our holiday brunch here and it was nothing short of amazing! Beautiful scenery of City Park while dining.Excellent, excellent, and excellent place to eat!  Food was delicious and staff was great!  Would eat here every time I'm in New Orleans!Food was good but not great. Portions are a decent size, not too big not too small. Service was wonderful. They are so attentive and compromising. My coworker wanted sides from another entree and he was able to accommodate. Our plates were picked up accordingly, so we never had anything dirty on the table. I love the ambiance here. Super cute romantic place whether you're just getting off from work and need a drink or just a cute date!A beautiful location, excellent service by Ellen, and a good but not great dinner.  The jazz part of the jazz brunch is only if you sit in the bar where the solo piano player performs and it was more like cocktail hour piano that jazz.  The main dinning room is surprisingly loud but that seemed to be because people were having such a good time. We will definitely return.This is mostly a review for last night's Eatventful shindig. Mad props to Leslie A. for another great event! 
I might have been the first one there, and awkwardly joined Christy L. and Danielle (NOLA Eats' vegetarian correspondent, for those of you who follow the NOLA Eats blog), who were collecting money, taping wristbands, and handing out the nametags and tiny Sharpies. At first I thought Ralph's was the most miniscule restaurant I'd ever stood and felt like a giant in, until I realized that there is both an upstairs and another dining area besides the bar where we were situated. Oops! The decor is very... Brennans restaurant... that is, it looks like it really wants to be fancier than it is. Yet, since it's located at the edge of the park, it's got a chalkboard with coloured chalk specials written, for a casual air? 
I ordered a Champagne Paradise (cranberry, orange?, peach schnapps, sparkling wine) and then a glass of Chardonnay, both for $5, one of which I tragically spilled on Christy. Sorry again :( The drink specials were nicely priced, so I was glad for my green wristband. 
Food! Eatventful participants got to order from a specfially priced menu of small plates, and I ordered 2 (in a rush to get home by 7 PM): 
Wild Mushroom Ravioli: 3 ravioli, stuffed with a meltysoft chevre, topped with sauteed mushrooms and either bonito (the kind you get with Japanese izakaya) or dried mushroom flakes? I hope they were vegetarian. The pasta was the exact texture; my only complaint is that the sauce was a tad too sweet for my liking. 
Vinegar fries with bearnaise: Awesome! A little thicker in cut, but not quite Belgian, the fries were sprinkled with coarse kosher salt and delicious with the accompanying sauce. I wasn't sure where the vinegar came in, perhaps the potatoes were brined in it? Like they do at La Boca?
For $7 each, I felt like the food was well priced, although I wonder what the regular menu would price these at. 
Shout out to fellow Yelpers who were there, besides the aforementioned: Jen, Johann, Jess, and Le Thu! It's always nice to see Internet people and confirm that they are real. Hopefully some of you will be going to the NOLA Eats dinner tomorrow night at Baru!Really good New Orleans food as you would expect!  Started off with the homemade biscuits with jam, and then got duck on top of a sweet potato hash! I was here for brunch and also got some iced coffee; they can make you the coffee without any alcohol as long as you ask! Will definitely be coming backWent here for a girl's night dinner a few weeks ago.  I had never been and we went with the 3 for $33 special. I definitely left feeling like I had had a filling meal, those truffle fries are divine! Parking can be a challenge, but they do have valet, which I recommend.  All in all, a great dining experience.Delicious food got the avocado toast with crab and shrimp & grits a little salty but delicious service was perfect! Warm bread complimentary at table with butter.This is something special. Really, really special. Before being a Yelper, you would generally come across a place in passing, learn through word of mouth or searching through the yellow pages. Saying Yellow Pages to a teenager today would be the equivalent of asking them about the design and use of a typewriter. Huh? What is that? 
Anyway, Ralph's has been a great place for a romantic dinner, off the beaten path business meal and place for a better than most bite for years. I dined again after a 5-6 year hiatus and it was just as amazing as I remembered. 
It is conveniently located across the street from City Park which is a 10-20 minute short drive from no matter where you are in Nola. 
RotP is truly a friend in your time of need. Your heart, head and wallet will like it too.Reasonably acceptable service.   
Avocado toast - almost zero avocado.  
Potato soup- very good
Burger/fries- burger was good, fries were grease soup
Filet- reasonably acceptable 
Not a bad dinner, but didn't provide near the value of what is expected/chargedEVERYBODY LOOKS GOOD AT RALPH'S
Your brother is hungover and can't find his glasses? Mother just had a root canal? Your teenage daughter's embarrassed by her acne? Have brunch at Ralph's. The golden light from that bank of windows overlooking the verdant expanse of City Park obscures all blemishes.
A DAYTIME SAFE BET
Brunch at Ralph's is always successful. It's a consistently proper choice. Keep it on your notes app alongside Atchafalaya, Brennan's and Commander's. I came here for a  luncheon last week and it seemed that everybody had a story about a special gathering at Ralph's.
...the food is solid but not memorable, come for the spectacular atmosphere.My final review for the day is the best one.
Ralph's on the Park, class act, beautiful restaurant and they made my Wedding Anniversary a truly memorable occasion.
When I booked this restaurant for my Anniversary dinner, I requested a table somewhere out of the way and romantic.
They not only accommodated this request, but they placed a gold sash across the table, I guess to identify a special occasion, and our menus had "Happy Anniversary" emblazoned across the top.
We arrived a little early, but were seated promptly.
We were made to feel very special, and our day was beautifully honored.
And, this would be enough you say, but no.. there's more! The food..
The Yaka Mein App, was simply beautiful, very nicely done.
The Blue Cheese Tots, were served with an apple Catsup, hmmm-hmmm.. not to be missed.
I had the Fried Chicken wrapped in country ham, with crispy collards, red eye gravy, red bean purée, and boudin balls. It was all, pretty much a out of this world experience.
My wife had the Chappapeela Farms Duck Breast. Which consists of duck fat potato purée, beech mushrooms, duck leg confit, greens, duck fat potato purée, warm blueberry vinaigrette.
Succulent, is simply not even saying enough about this meal.
By the time dinner was over, we were simply too stuffed for desert, a faux-pas I know, but I'm only human.
The cap on the night was the Champagne that was brought to our table, so graciously letting us know, that yes.. this night was truly special.
I would recommend this establishment to everyone and anyone who is looking for a special occasion spot.
Afterwards, a walk through City Park, holding hands with the one that you love, is a not to be missed experience.
Thank you to Ralph's on the Park, a New Orleans Gem, for making my 5th Anniversary one of the best so far..My coworker booked a room for 12 of us at Ralph's on the Park and it was wonderful! They gave us a list of menu items we could choose from and we decided on a Pork Belly Appetizer, Gumbo OR Salad, Steak, and I honestly forgot what dessert was but it was good!
We had some people who came late, and the staff was willing to start our dinner later than what we booked. We hung out in our room drinking and enjoying each other's company, and then we ordered our food as soon as our coworkers arrived.
Even though the set menu was very limited, some of my coworkers switched the pork belly appetizer so they could eat soup AND salad.
I've dined in the main dining about two years ago, but this private party and delicious steak really took the cake!
The weather was horrible that night and I was very appreciative of the complimentary valet parking.Amazing food and great service. Make sure you stop by for the 3 for $33 deal. You get 3 appetizers and a glass of wine for $33. They have 15 appetizers to choose from and they are all a good size. When I went we order 6 appetizers:
1. Duck and mushroom flatbread- this was the BEST of all. Very rich and creamy and delicious. It is a must try when you go to Ralph's on the park. 
2. Oyster Skully- this was a close second. It was spicy and sweet and the oysters were fried but very large, you could really taste them. 
3. Jumbo lump crab and creole tomato salad- very fresh and delicious crab. Comes with mozzarella, arugula, crab, and tomatoes. Simple but delicious. 
4. Grilled Vegas Strip- really tasty and a good portion size for an appetizer 
5. Parmesan and black pepper fries- great fries and loved the garlic sauce!
6. Seafood Broken Risotto- I was most excited for this but it was unfortunately very bland and not super sharing friendly because it only came with one shrimp. 
Overall incredible dining experience. The view of the park was also an incredible feature. Make sure you go and get the 3 for $33 deal before it ends in September!What a HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!!!  Was invited to eat  for a quick bite to eat during lunch.  Ordered a burger "medium rare"   Over 30 minutes later an extremely well done burger came out - so dry it could have been mistaken for a fur ball.  Since I was a guest of someone else footing the bill, I kept my mouth shut and ate it - Not sure about their other dishes, but definitely keep away from the burger!!I have had the pleasure of dining at Ralph's numerous times and the food and service is always extraordinary. The turtle soup is a must have, the broth is dark and earthy with an intense flavor profile. I typically order seafood here and have always been happy with the outcome. They can do amazing things with fish. 
I have also had the pleasure of attending a few private events. I had my bridal luncheon here and for our party of 7 we had our own private dining room with access to the balcony overlooking city park. The service was exceptional always making an effort to go above and beyond. It was nice to be queen for a day. 
More recently I helped in hosting a bridal shower for 40 guests and they were so easy and professional to work with. We were able to choose our own menu and it was set up buffet style. The servers were constantly refilling the guests drinks and cleaning away dirty plates to keep the tables neat. This room also had access to the balcony which makes for great photo ops. I found the pricing is very reasonable. For private parties large or small I would recommend Ralph's for an easy and stress free event.Ralph's on the park is a restaurant located across from City Park in New Orleans.  The menu offers a wide variety of delicious cuisines such as Creole and Contemporary American.  As you step your foot into the restaurant, you are welcomed by a magnificent setting of dining ambiance.  
My husband and I enjoyed the two-course lunch; however, the menu offers a wide variety of delicious and mouth-watering starters.  I had turtle soup, and oyster rockefeller risotto.  My husband tried the city park salad and the grilled pork steak.  They were exquisite.  All the products were fresh and the dishes had the warmth of home-made food.  The chefs take great care in selecting the best quality ingredients.  The restaurant also has happy hours, Sunday brunch and plenty of outdoor seating.  The drinks are pricey but surely worth trying.  For these reasons, I highly recommend going to Ralph's on the park.I have had many a friend throw luncheons, rehearsal dinners, and family gatherings here, and I will say that they really do a phenomenal job with these memorable private events. I've been lucky enough to always attend these events when the weather is incredible with a beautiful view of City Park across the street from their wrap around balcony upstairs. The rooms are intimate without being pretentious or stuffy. 
The staff has always been incredibly spot on for these events, greeting at the top of the stairs and taking any coats, knowing when a mimosa is the perfect thing to cure a hangover from the bridal party kickin' it up a notch the night before...I'm sure the application has something on it about the ability to read minds being *preferred. They also know just the right amount of sherry to add in their uh-mazing turtle soup. I've never ordered turtle soup 'cause the thought of it kinda skeezes me out, but ya'll...this turtle soup is so so good. It has a dark roux with bits of meat and a hint of sherry to complement, but not too smokey or heavy that you can't have other courses.  
At the recent luncheon I attended I was also able to enjoy their Louisiana Gulf Shrimp perfectly cooked and just the right amount of food for a lady's luncheon with tasso roasted heirloom potatoes, garlic spinach, and smoked tomato beurre blanc. Just enough to save room for their Bananas Foster Bread Pudding that I cleaned my plate of 'cause that would be a sin to let that go to waist..er, I mean waste. 
They offer valet parking which I will partake in if my car isn't chin deep in event supplies, balled up receipts, and empty Zapp's potato chip bags. Like I said these events are top notch, 5 stars. The reason I left off a star (though they're really like a 4.5) is because I recently went after a special event because there was a post-event cocktail that they were serving. After having spent a pretty penny on the event ticket, I was hoping to keep the party going with an affordable cocktail but the specialty cocktail was around $13 which was a little pricey for me to enjoy late into the night. In terms of their regular menu, this is very much within the range of the company that would dine here, just a little pricey for me. 
Enter the Happy Hour! I will definitely have to get in there for their Happy Hour Tues-Thursday 5 -7pm ($5 cocktails/wine/spirits/$ 4 craft beers $2 domestic) with some of their appetizers that look incredibly delectable including ya-ka-mein and cobia crudo. Thank you to all the families who have given me the opportunity to enjoy this beautiful establishment!I am a native New Orleanian who attended Newcomb College of Tulane University.  I always loved going to Brennan's in the quarter with friends for that special brunch, so I was excited about having brunch at Ralph's.  I attended a brunch at Ralph's for aTulane reunion, and ordered the veal grillades.  What I got looked and tasted like thin slices of veal in Campbell's Soup consomme.  The grillade sauce had not one visible shred of tomato and/or seasonings.  Grillades is always a favorite of our family, and I was so disappointed.  I also experienced a lot of discomfort after eating this meal which makes me think that the sauce contained MSG.  Maybe it was even prepared outside of the restaurant and then just served.  What a disappointment for New Orleans and at a pretty price!
Patsy Mathieu Moore
Newcomb College 1972Ralph's has plenty of authentic southern cuisine. Deep fried smoked oysters, BBQ shrimp, turtle soup, and cinnamon bread pudding all come out great, and are decidedly unique.
Other options, like the braised lamb, are very good too, packing a lot of flavor without being overpowering.Great food and excellent service. Amber was our server. She was personable and knew the menu inside and out. Excellent environment to meet with friends over dinner.Had the crab cakes for brunch, delicious! Stuffed French toast was equally tasty. I highly recommended the food, BUT the service was lacking. Far from a full house, the server stopped serving mimosas once the bill came out. We asked for another round, and it took a full 30 minutes with two requests to get a refill. 
The manager handled the situation very well though. He definitely acknowledged the dearth of service and took the duty upon himself.This place was very good! I've been here a couple times, but this is the first time I took pics of my food  and such! I was meeting friends here for Sunday brunch, so we knew it would be busy which is why we made a reservation. The reason why I put 4 stars instead of 5 was because it took 45 minutes for them to seat us. To me, that is kind of ridiculous because the point of a reservation is to avoid that! While I was waiting, I sat by the bar and got a brandy milk punch! It was very tasty, and the bar tender can right up to me with a menu right when I sat down! After I sat down, I got an order of the biscuits to start! They tasted so great, and the jam with them was also really good! It seemed house made, but I'm not sure! For an entree I got crab cakes and poached eggs. The crab cakes were perfectly crispy and the eggs nicely poached! The arugula salad was also a nice touch! Overall, I am happy with my experience here and will definitely come again!There are few better experiences than eating at a Brennan's restaurant and Ralph's on the Park is no exception. Of course, the food is wonderful. Eating here is only improved by the wonderful service, park views and the charm of the building itself. 
I love a good bottomless mimosa brunch, so check! Since reopening they've rolled out a new menu and we enjoyed crawfish cake Benedict, Brie & Mushroom Toast, a mushroom omelet and plenty champs!! 
They're also known for great weekday dinner specials and a stellar happy hour menu. I can't wait to return!!Place was awesome for Thanksgiving dinner.  Good friendly service with nice appetizers, amazing creole seafood and desert.  It's not cheap, but unlike most places in its price range you get the quality and quantity of food you were hoping for.This place is so pretty with views of the park! the service was amazing, the server was so so sweet. the best bbq shrimp I've ever had! (And I've tried many)I. Truly. Love. This. Place!!! Everything, from location to dessert, this is a fine dining experience. Yet, we saw 3-4 families with kids there, so not just big people. We like our wait person Ellen, but she was off. So David filled in and he was outstanding. Totally on point the entire evening. One little hiccup with my fish but not a deal killer. Beautiful food. Delicious! And each time we go, the recommendations are spot on.