The atmosphere was so chic and the food was great then to top it off a great band showed up ! What a great nite service excellentLast night we dined at the Rebellion and the wagyu burger alone would justify the five star . The meat was tender and moist, the bun delicious, the bacon crisped to perfection, the spicy sauce very tasty and the fries to die for. The other food we ordered was great too - Singaporean noodles, and the shrimp appetizer. To top it, they were most gracious and generous about being understaffed (it was January 1st) and having longer waiting times than usual. We will be back.We didn't eat here, we didn't drink here except for water. Here is my one piece of advice to management. Get rid of Mr. "I played division 1 football in Arizona" bartender. 10 minutes to get noticed at the 3/4 empty bar on a sleepy Sunday night. The other guys to our right were giving him the evil eye too. So slow, uninterested, and only wanting to talk football at the other end of the bar. Sorry we couldn't eat but we would've died of old age.I love this place. It makes me feel at home...
I won't say anything more...Rebellion is making the best authentic traditional Korean food in the whole gulf area.Went last night and for a Friday night during Essence Fest, was a little worried that getting a table somewhere would be a problem. Luckily for me/us, it was late enough, and RB&UK is still enough under the radar and big enough to be packed, so we got seated and started our feast.
Apps:Katsuo Fries, Gau Choy Gow (Shrimp and Chive Dumplings), Gai Lan and Oyster Mushroom Salad and the Brussel Sprout Salad. All worthy of getting again and again.
I had the Phat Rice. Lots of meat and nice spices, but not overly spicy hot. Kind of like a big bowl of the best dirty rice I've ever had. Others in group had the Pho (I did not try it, but I'm told it's great) and the Curry Udon Noodles. Very good, but holy crap, the curry was fiery hot. Not sure I could eat a bowl of that.
Looking forward to going back and exploring the rest of the menu, or even having the same thing again and again. Yum.Excellent fusion of Asian and Latin cuisine. Drinks are innovative and unique. Whiskey selection is moderate but well focused.  Recommend the wild shrimp dumplings and duck confit and pho spices empanadas.Not bad, but not blown away either. Sticky buns were very dry and seemed as if they were a few days old. Beef shank was good, but noodles were nothing special...very "out of a box" tasting. We'd give it another shot, but when there are a million places to eat in NOLA, probably not anytime soon.We came here for a big event 100+ people. The space was beautiful with brick walls and multiple paintings of "Rebels" by local artist, Josh Wingerter. The ambiance matched the theme of the restaurant which features the Chef's non-traditional take on southern comfort foods like oysters or ribs.
One thing about the full-bar near the entrance is its wide selection of classic cocktails and bold signature cocktails. The Moscow mule was served in a cute rustic tin cup - was a great starter while waiting to get seated. Being from out of town, I had to try their draft beers from breweries in Louisiana so I had a pale ale as well. I also had a glass of wine from their Chilean Malbec selection to go well with my meal.
The four course meal was phenomenal. 
1) Appetizer empanada variety - duck, kimchee - and a spinach artichoke dip with buttered bread was perfect to share with the 7 folks at my table. 
2) Salad - I had kale with cow feta cheese, some kind of currant, and nuts (I think pecans). This would counter the guilt of my overindulging on this trip! 
3) My main course was the GVC short rib, included several juicy cuts (some lean some fatty) with dark sticky rice underneath and some greens and shredded carrots on top. 
4) desert - I had penna cotta and tried a bit of the bread pudding. At this point, I was stuffed. Had to get coffee to end the night. 
In closing, the food is definitely worth it. Plus, the staff was genuinely friendly and courteous, even  boxing my left overs. I got greeted out even by the Chef. They're great people in this restaurant. I would definitely hit Rebellion up again before I head back to the West. 
FIVE STARS - well deserved!Food was amaZing!!!!! The burger and fries were great and ramen soup ! We will be back. There happy hour is everyday 3-7pm. Great looking bar.Great food and fun atmosphere. Phillip was a great host for our dinner. We had pork belly sliders , Fantastic! And Raman dinner was greatExcellent place! Glad we found them. Their ramen was the best I had anywhere. There burger had such great flavor in the meat it was like a perfect home grilled burger. Great job. The Brussels salad is an interesting dish and done gracefully. The scallops were just ok, seemed like it was lacking in an ingredient. The empanadas were awesome as well, almost fluffy and sweet like a beignet. The kale salad the gf loved It, wasn't my flavor. Yea we ordered a lot and it was a worthy experience. We would definitely go here again and will next time we are down. The bartender was just fun and real as most of the staff is. It was entertaining to say the least. I could see how the one person complained about the host but seriously it's the host. Everyone after that had plenty of character. Loved the fact the owner was very eager to hear my actual criticism. And agreed with my points. The desert was a miss, too tart and had some burnt notes, but at some moments I could see how the bread pudding might be really good if done right. I'm hard to please when it comes to food joints, no joke, but was very impressed here. Enjoy!First off the atmosphere is amazing. I love the artwork and the layout of the bar. The service was spot on and they even serve dinner till midnight!! We were sat down right away and the drinks and food were amazing. The blackberry burn cocktail is delicious and the Waygu burger was so juicy. No complaints from me!Oh how I wanted to love this place.  It was our last meal in New Orleans and it looked so damn neat.  We were going to the Sugar Bowl, so we decided to go for an early dinner.  We ordered a bunch of things, but three of the things (including what I went there for) were unavailable.  At 5:45, I was told that the ramen would not be ready for approximately 3 more hours.  I kind of feel like this was complete BS, because that would mean it wouldn't be ready until almost 9 p.m.  So they were just planning on going the entire dinner service without ramen?  Okay.
We also really wanted the sticky bun (we were told that's just no longer offered despite still being on the menu) and the ceviche (we were told this, too, was not ready yet).  Ooookay.  
At this point, we still had hopes for the meal.  The cobia collar was great--well seasoned, but difficult to eat.  Also, very very little little fish (which is to be expected, but at $16, either serve something else or cut the price).  The scallops were really well cooked, but the seasoning was weird.  Really overpowering and not great.  The shrimp wonton/dumplings...were also WAY under seasoned.  They needed some soy sauce or salt or hot sauce.  Oaxaca and kimchi empanadas were good, but I'd like more of the kimchi flavor to come out. 
Entrees: pork belly sliders, mushroom pho, and peking duck.  I'll start with the pho. I love pho and have never had vegetarian pho before, so I decided to give it a go after being told I couldn't get ramen.  It was...good, but again bland.  At this point, I asked for soy sauce and hot sauce, which I got.  And holy heck it made a world of difference.  So good.  
Now, the sliders and the duck...where good (the duck especially), but BOTH dishes were cold.   And I don't mean warm, I mean cold.  Especially the sliders.  It felt like they had been in the fridge and had been taken out.  Granted, the taste was there, but come on, we were two of eight people in the entire restaurant...serve us food at the appropriate temperature. 
I was torn between 2 and 3 stars for this place, but I think this place can get going if they just add some finesse, so I'm giving them 3 stars.  This is for the food only.
Service wise: our server was good, but not great.  I think he may have been new and seemed a bit unsure of things (hence us ordering three things and then him having to come back and tell us they were unavailable).  
However, the rest of the service needs work (probably 1 star service as of now).  When we got there, there was no hostess.  After about five minutes, I asked one of the bartenders and got a snippity "someone will be right with you" response.  Then...the bar back came out and sat us.  If there is no host, fine.  But when the bartenders are responsible for seating the customers and you ignore us for five minutes, that's just bad customer service.  The bartender that sat us asked me for my last name and I told him (presumably so they could take us off the reservation list).  At about 6:30, during dinner, I got a call...from the hostess that had just showed up asking me if I still wanted my reservation or else they would "have to give it away."  Now, this was humorous, because (1) I was in the restaurant and (2) could see at least twelve open tables and no one was waiting at the door.  
Like I said, this place has potential and I may be tempted to go back in a year or two if they're still around.  But they need to work on consistency, service, seasoning, and food temps.My wife and I went there for lunch and throughly enjoyed everything we ordered. She had the burger in which she raved about  whole time. I had the Ramen and it was wonderful. We shared the Phat rice and the duck dumplings which was very good. Not only we're going back, we'll bringing our children and grandchildren.This place is just wonderful. They change up their menu every now and again, making sure to keep it interesting. The owner mentioned she was Korean, but grew up in Brazil. This definitely shows in the style of food! Kimchi and cheese empanadas, for example, were amazing. 
Along with great food, they have great cocktails, great happy hour prices, and 5 dollar classic cocktails. 
For a few months, the chef had left and the place definitely felt different. That is no more! She is back and making the great noodle bowls and delicious fusion again!
But this all pales in comparison to the egg. They serve a tempura battered medium boiled egg that is absolutely divine. The owner was super nice and came out to talk to us and let us try some of the kimchi she made (which was also incredible, crunchy, and very spicy!). They also had forbidden rice that they were trying out for the menu. 
This experience has made this one of my favorite restaurants.Amazing!!!  The food is complex and delicious, really well-prepared. Service was friendly and efficient. Decor simple and bold, pictures of Angela Davis, Einstein, Lincoln, the guy in front of the tank at Tiananmen Square. And that was lunch! The dinner menu looks even better.I had a fantastic experience dining and having drinks here.  The Kale Slaw Salad with chicken and beef had a light wasabi dressing that coated the salad perfectly. I have a fairly large appetite and decided to order the Ribs and Wagyu Burger.  As expected, I destroyed both entrees with a perma-grin of satisfaction that encapsulated my being.  
Fun/Hip Ambiance + Delicately Balanced Cocktails + Food Perfection Meal + Friendly Service =  A no regret visit to Rebellion.  
I'm sold and will be back at Rebellion soon to eagerly try each entree on the menu!If I could give it less stars I would. Never seen anything like this in my life. Bartender was drunk over 35 minutes and he could not make 3 drinks. Blamed por service on being a new place. Never be back and will let everyone know how bad it was.Very few places you'll see where every single thing on the menu is absolutely delicious. This is one of them. Also, one of the most unique menu selections in New Orleans. 
Absolutely worth going back repeatedly for lunch (and happy hour as soon as the bar opens).No ramen. No pork belly sliders. No curry noodles. The menu is changing due to a new head chef. Just beware that the menu has next to nothing that has been posted here in the past. The service was good though. We ended up with the poutine fries that were sent back due to well just not liking the flavor. The crispy fried chicken was good. Duck empanadas fair. Too tangy for my taste.Great location. Very relaxing and great ambience. The food was great with a very generous portion. Good place to hangout with friends. The mushroom pho was awesome. Definitely will come back.I have been twice and both times the service was slow and the food wasn't worth the wait. The second time the bartender seemed annoyed to be there and annoyed she had customers.....Solid place to eat. The food is unique, but yet familiar. What does that mean?
That burger tastes like a burger, but not really, it has a fusion of Asian mixed into it, in a very classy manner. So it is unique, but familiar.
I'd recommend the watermelon soup. It was delicious. A little hidden gem this place is indeed. Very highly recommend.The duck and pho spices appetizer is AMAZING!! We also got the pork belly sliders and the short rib sliders-everything was incredible! Can't wait to come back and try more!!Great ambiance, friendly staff, delicious food. 
Singapore Noodles are very nice... and spicy. 
My brother had the Duck Boudin & Fried Green Tomatoes... he was not a fan.It was good but not quite a sworthy of the hype I've aeen.  I had the ramen and the pork belly was seasoned well but the noodles and broth were nondescript.  Steve had the burger.  Charred on the exterior but cooked perfectly to order in center.  It waa a good burger but we've hadbetter right in little 'ole College Station.I work downtown and am always looking for new happy hour locations. I saw Rebellion pop up in a few articles so I decided to try it with a friend. When you first walk in, you enter the bar area - purple couches by the window, a few small bar tables. The rest of the restaurant was split into two main dining areas and a patio in the back. The building had nice exposed brick, the lighting was kept dim, the walls had large pop art portraits, the chairs seemed to made of plastic. It did not seem like an Asian/Latin fusion restaurant, but it was a casual, modern space.
The menu consisted of small plates, street breads (sliders), salads, soup/noodle dishes, and entrees. The prices ranged from $8-$30 with most non-entree dishes around $12-14. The prices seemed on the high side for the size and type of dishes. The menu items reflected the Asian/Latin fusion with Asian ingredients and verbage (like "XO jan"). The bar menu wasn't available yet, but draft and bottled beer, cocktails, and wine were listed in the bar area. Their happy hour consists of drink specials. The servers seemed inexperienced, but friendly.
We wanted to eat light, so we tried two small dishes. Per the server's recommendation, we ordered the ABURI HOKKAIDO (Seared Scallops, Uni, Seaweed Caviar, Nori Puree, Meyer Lemon, Shio Kombu). The dish came with two good-sized scallops. Definitely lightly seared and more on the raw side. Well presented and tasty. We also ordered the CANDIED SHRIMP & ROASTED BEETS SALAD (Chicken, Peanuts, Oranges, Lime, Fish Sauce, Fresh Herbs). The flavors were good (and had a kick), but it wasn't anything fancy. The dish also did not reflect the menu. It had strawberries (not listed), the shrimp was boiled not candied (disappointing - I was really curious what candied shrimp tasted like) and they forgot the chicken (but gave us a side of it after we asked). After that, I was tentative to try anything else.
Overall, the experience felt like being a teenage freshman in high school. New, eager, slightly awkward and uncomfortable, but with potential. I could feel the growing pains through my entire meal. The flavors were good and the atmosphere fun enough that I would come back to try other dishes, but not until after Rebellion has its rhythm.We had the best experience here with food and service. I highly recommend the salad with Wasabi Dressing and the Curry Chicken.I found the eclectic menu to be somewhat arbitrary.  I really enjoyed the Singapore noodles and after our dinner we met the boisterously fun chef Noy.  After speaking with Noy and learning about her eclectic background of living in Korea and Brazil and her Spanish influence the menu made complete sense.  We are looking forward to returning for dinner and they appear to have a good happy hour as well from 4-7 daily.We came to New Orleans for our honeymoon. After a visit to the World War 2 museum we wandered down Camp St back to our hotel and saw the menu for Rebellion Bar and Urban Kitchen. The chef de cusine came out to greet us and we told him we'd definitely be back for lunch with our friends the next day. My GOD! It exceeded any expectations from the menu! I'm a chef by trade and everything was perfectly cooked, arranged, and presented. The staff was extremely informative and the food blew my wife and I away. Our friends, who are steak and potato people, loved their burger. The nut tart was amazing! The pork belly sliders and duck dumplings were not to be missed! The ceviche had the perfect tart heat for spicy food lovers and the mushroom pho was outstanding! Go! For the love of Great Food, GO!I love the decor and vibe at Rebellion.  We came by on a Friday evening for dinner and drinks.  This place is the perfect spot for a nice evening out.  The food and drinks were presented beautifully.  We tried a few of the cocktails, my favorite was the BlueBerry Burn and Cucumber Sake.  It was so refreshing and easy to drink.  We had a small group and wanted to taste a variety of dishes so we all shared bites.  All the appetizers were delish, I loved the one stuffed with Kim Chi.  My favorite entree was the mouth watering Pecking Duck.  I also enjoyed the Rebellion ramen with the soft fried egg and tasty pork belly.  
I will definitely come back when in New Orleans.iCame back - this time, this place exceeded my expectations!  Great service.  Delicious food (again!).  Curry Udon noodles were spicier than last time, but so good.  Rebellion Ramen on point.  Wife and I had craft cocktails as well which were amazing.Horrible experience. They are completely under staffed. Made me think of someone who has always had a dream to open a restaurant with zero restaurant experience. We waited 15 min before 1 of 2 servers came and took our drink order. The draft beer was served flat, they were out of most wines on their list. We ordered truffle parmesan fries that were not cooked throughly. I ordered the chimichangas at the same time as the fries and watched as it sat in the window to be taken to the table for 20 minutes. Finally, we just asked for our check and looked up another restaurant to try. Very disappointing experience. There definitely needs to be major changes made or I don't see this restaurant staying in business for much longer.Great brunch menu and the ramen is best I've had in NOLA.My gf and I like to find a spot to eat noodles whenever we travel, so when we were in New Orleans a couple weeks ago we found Rebellion Bar & Urban Kitchen.  We loved it! The food was awesome. We shared the katsu fries (sprinkled with bonito flakes and served with red miso ketchup!) and crispy cha gio spring rolls as appetizers. She had the Rebellion Ramen, tasty broth,nice pieces of tender pork belly and a deep fried hard boiled egg called "son-in-law egg". I had the curry udon noodles, thick noodles in a creamy curry sauce with chicken, I would describe it as "Asian fettuccine Alfredo".  We really enjoyed the atmosphere as well as the delicious food and will be back next time we visit New Orleans. Highly recommended!Came here for my birthday brunch and it was amazing! I had the SWEET POTATO AND BLACK BEAN BURRITO- i added bacon and it was the best! The bloody mary was pretty good too. Our server, Kayla was especially helpful in helping us pick our breakfast and had a lot of good tips since we have never visited new orleans before. I will come back here next time im in NOLA.I finally got around to trying Rebellion. I wanted to eat so many different things (mainly the ramen and the curry noodles), but I ended up going with the burger because I was pretty hungry.
This burger was serious, y'all. When our server told us that it would be a good choice if I were hungry, I still didn't expect it to be that big. But the patty was a good size, and the condiments were awesome. The balsamic onion jam was fantastic. I upgraded my fries to the ramen fries, and it was interesting but I probably could have done without.
My friend K had the duck empanadas and the Brussels sprouts salad and seemed to enjoy them. I tried a bit of the empanadas and they were good!
I do want to return to try the ramen, curry noodles, and/or the KFC+waffles. I'm pretty sure my next visit will be for brunch, because, KFC.Amazing restaurant! I don't leave reviews often, but this place was so great that I just had to. The workers, the owner, (everybody), was very nice and I'm looking forward to coming here very soon!We came here for New Years Eve dinner, so it was a fixed menu. We were fine with that but definitely want to return to try other items on the menu.
Ramen was the starter which was so good especially since it was raining! That was followed by a scallion crepe with a delicious dipping sauce.
The main was the short ribs on the main menu I believe, but they were supposed to be lettuce wraps. One whole section of my ribs were so over cooked like jerky and I couldn't eat them. The wraps were lost on me as I had to separate the meat from the bones myself and then build the wraps which came with a great sauce and raw? garlic cloves. It was a miss. 
The dessert was billed as a peach cobbler, but it was totally the peach/bourbon/ginger upside-down cake and it was effing amazing. I could have eaten my weight in it.
The staff was friendly if a bit unorganized with the simplified menu and there were miscommunications with the bar.
Again, definitely want to return for a normal menu and service. Very promising!We had found Rebellion through Groupon and I was excited about another Asian Fusion restaurant.  However, many of the dishes are so spicy that you can't even eat them.  I had the Ramen the last time I came here, hopeful based on some of the prior reviews.  The ramen broth was very blah and without much flavor.  The tempura egg was interesting but the batter became very mushy in the broth.  The noodles were good and chewy.  I wish the broth was more flavorful.  I enjoy Noodles & Pie bowls much better.  Interesting place that I really wanted to like, but after 2 visits I think we are done.  Prices are a little high on some of the entrees that you don't get much food for.Love this place!  Stumbled on it after a terrible experience at another spot; and WOW - what a difference a Chef makes!  Great ambience, love the abstract paintings of famous people on the walls.  Since it was billed as a cocktail bar, I thought it would be safe to order one of my favorite cocktails - Corpse Reviver #2.  All good bartenders know this gin-based cocktail.  After ordering from our server, the Chef himself, Chris deBarre, came out to tell me why a key ingredient was missing and that I should always use Cocchi Americano instead of the more customary Lillet Blanc in my CR#2.  We had three small plates:  Moros y Christianos (amazing beans and rice), spicy mushrooms with chèvre, and a new dish, which was essentially a savory naan/pancake with tamarind and other sauces.  All three were amazing!!  Though I am not, chef Chris' menu has many terrific dishes that work for vegans and gluten-free.  DeBarre has been raised!Had the Phat rice, tuna neck, scallops and empanadas- topped it off with the burger. Everything was delicious, burger is the best if had in years. I will be visiting oftenOh man the rebellion pho was amazing the pork belly in it was some of the best flavor I've ever hadRe-open. Re-eating. 
Stopped in for lunch, had a great BLT. Crispy bacon, thick sliced tomato, and crunchy lettuce on a good sturdy bread. The ice-water is still poppin' , lol & the new staff are super nice. 
My friend had a shrimp wrap and she swears by the crawfish bisque... she says it's perfect. Filling, but not heavy, and the flavor profile is well-balanced. Happy hour lines up just right with my dinner time so it's only right that I stop in & have a glass of wine or one of their awesome hurricanes to end the day right... 
I really appreciate how close they are to my work, too. I can see myself visiting waay more often than I probably should.We were from out of town and a little apprehensive when we stepped in and were the only customers. But the food was really good and I was delighted they had some local beers. Of course other parties started to arrive later and the place filled but did not get crowded.Would recommend.Stopped into Rebellion Urban Bar and Kitchen for a lite dinner. Best decision we've made. Loved this place. The staff was wonderful, friendly, and attentive. Loved!!! artwork. Check out the artist @joshwingerterart . The lemon pepper wings, fries,, and onion rings were  really good. The corn crab bisque, and chicken and sausage gumbo were Incredible!!! Truly the best we have ever had. The flavor...Oh, the FLAVOR! Definitely check the guys out. Thank you @doc.dotx for taking time out to talk and share with us. We will be checking out @blackinkneworleans next. #jaijak #rebellion748 #rebellionbarandurbankitchen #greatfood #bestgumbo #foodie #bestcornandcrabbisque #nola #stephandjackdonola #goodfood #neworleansfood #nolaeats #beautifulart #artwork #nolaartistTried this place for the first time (local). I'll say the decor is very nice but also very common for the area. Overall the food was ok but not great. We had small plates and entrees as well as both desserts. With that being said I think I had enough to get a good gauge on the restaurant. I don't think I'll be back unless it's to pregame it for drinks.I think I would give this place 2.5, but without that choice I'm inclined to round down. 
The atmosphere is good, cool artwork that leads itself to the fusion feel. There was only one person not in the kitchen acting as both host and waiter and so it took a few min before anyone even knew we were there. The water himself was nice and did a good job despite the conditions. 
We got the poutine fries which were decent, had an interesting flavor added which we think is anise.  Our main dishes were the Ramen and the Singapore noodles. The Ramen was lacking in salt, but the most noticeable flavor in both dishes was, again, anise! While a traditional ingredient in many Asian dishes, the flavor was overwhelming in both dishes and ruined the Ramen completely. The curry flavor of the Singapore noodles was strong enough to mask it to a point, but it was still more than was needed. The other flavors were good (when we could taste them). 
They did give a free beer since they had run out of the one my friend wanted. 
Overall not a great experience for food.Found this place on our way to find something to eat.  Loved the vibe and the food was great, came back 2 more times. The burger was great and filling and the service was perfect. I will be back several more times and have a mental list of beers that I would like to try.  On a side note, if you get the ramen and like it spicy, you can ask for the red paste to add more flavor.Very cool up and coming restaurant. The food was excellent and the artwork throughout the location was innovative and intriguing. I just found it a bit too expensive for what you get. I'm glad I had a groupon to save some moneyCame here for happy hour a couple days ago and had their poutine and some apps. All were Amazing. Went to Peche for an early dinner a few days later and actually ordered less there, so we could come back here for the poutine. Plus $5 Moscow Mules are the best deal and best tasting anywhere in the US. Yes. The US.This place has absolutely amazing food. The atmosphere is nice. Cool but not snobby. Duck empanadas are to die for. We also had poutine fries, short ribs, and homemade beef noodles. Bread pudding was amazing. Great service, very friendly. Signature cocktails are delicious and not over done. All in all make this your must eat while in NOLA!Amazing food! My new favorite place in NOLA. Great decor very spacious and trendy backed by a fabulous wait staff. It's location is the only flaw being so far away from the French Quarter. But street parking is easy and it's totally worth coming here. The day we had dinner here they had no draft beer so bottled beer it was. The kalbi sliders was great $12 for two and very filling. I could easily eat four for dinner and be done. The highlight of dinner was the rebellion ramen bowl. It's packed with flavor and comes with pork belly. The soup base was a great fusion of flavors. My wife had the curry udon noodles which packed some heat. She liked it. For dessert we had the bahn mi bread pudding. Another awesome dish. This place is highly foodie recommended.So bad.  The ribs were primarily fat with very little discernable meat. The sauce on the ribs was gross and kind of congealed, and the dish itself was served lukewarm at best. The vegetable hash was wilted and old looking,  and really sweet, which was odd. The rice bowl was bland,  and the rice was crunchy. Poutine fries were unremarkable.  Service was good, drinks were decent,  otherwise, quite disappointed for our anniversary dinner, and couldn't wait to get out.Awesome spot to have a cocktail. They also have a great kitchen. Delicious burgers and ramen. Great staffThe ambience is sophiscated ... young, urban chic with brick walls and dark stone floor tiles.  Pictures of "rebels" include Gandhi and Mandella.  The staff was great and chef Steven O'Neill asked me how the ramen was and talked about the organic vegetables he gets from his friend who has an organic garden.  I especially enjoyed the ramen as it has lots of different textures including broiled pork belly, tempura fried soft-boiled egg, and crisp ramen noodle.  And don't forget to try their Kyoto drink!  Their boneless short rib was meaty and tasty and the "black" rice was delicious and sophisticated.  Overall .. one of the best restaurants that I visited on my first trip to New Orleans.Food is trendy and great. Unfortunately, service is so lacking and awkward. We had to have our check re-done approximately 4 times. Happy hour prices weren't honored either. Disappointing end to the evening.Stopped in at 1 pm and had the burger.  It was burnt big time and raw in the inside.  Not impressed.   Our server was fabulous though.  Get tips on local hangouts.The all thing was top A. But the Top of all -the great food ,drinks, music, vibe  and the decorations was the best! The service was so good, from a wonderful man named pierce and his lovely family!!!!
Recommend!!!Had a very nice dining experience. We were lucky to have Lindsey as our server and she was very helpful with suggestions and her overall knowledge of the menu. She also told us that there is a new chef here who is revamping the menu. 
Apps that we had included shrimp dumplings and crab cake. Both excellent. The redhead salad was extremely tasty, who knew that grilled strawberries could be so tasty?
We went ahead and shared the yudon noodle crawfish Monica. Very light and tasty. Just enough interesting spices and not overwhelming at all.
Oh, and my first ever Moscow Mule!  Very refreshing.So this place might have been great....once. Chef left a month ago. Came in on a Saturday night and there was NO ONE here. Ordered the fries & dumplings. Fries were soooo salty even the beer couldn't erase the flavor. Do. Not. Go. Here. Wasted $30.I've had drinks here before and they were good. This was my first time eating here.   The food was mediocre at best.  The Vietnamese Tamarind beef was not close to tamarind beef which I love.  It was just a beef salad, and tough strips of beef at that.  The Tuna in the tuna skewers were not fresh tuna, and tasted off.  The French fries were good,but how can you screw up fries? I'm giving 2 stars for the drinks alone.I absolutely love this place.  The service was excellent!  The atmosphere is great.  I love the space and the hip-but-chill vibe.  Food is awesome.  When I heard the concept--Modern Korean with a Latin feel??--I was pumped, but had not idea what it would look like or taste like!  I AM HERE TO TELL YOU THAT IT TASTES AWESOME. I ordered the wagyu burger and it was delicious. Hands down one of the best burgers I've had in a while.  We had the fries and empanadas at the table and those were amazing!  You have to order the empanadas!  I went with a big group and everyone at the table was thrilled with the food, though maybe not-so-thrilled with me stealing bites off their plates! The food just looks too good not to pass around for a quick taste. 
I left very full, very happy, and dying to go back!  So excited to add this place to our NOLA eating!!Stopped in before a show for a bite to eat. The duck empanadas were fantastic! The pastry was buttery and flakey and the duck was tender and delicious. Also, the short rib ramen poutine fries were excellent.I got there a little bit after 5. They are just open I can see not thing ready yet! We are seat middle of the room. Decorate it very nice! The lady came to take my order I show her a  Ramen picture from yelp she said we no longer have that one but they do have ramen with another recipe so I give them a try. We wait for 45min for our food with only 1 table is us. We heard a lots of yelling from the kitchen like someone so mad it there it was so loud! My husband got a burger it was very good. But my ramen it not a ramen!!!  It just a noodle with very strong favor beef soup, very hard fried pork on top so hard to chew on, fried boiled egg and some Bok Choi. I'm here for ramen but this is not what I expect for.Arrived with no expectations and departed thinking about a second meal there. 
Good vibe and good food; kale salad rocked, a combo of textures and taste, and sliders just as good.
I live in NYC where creative aspirations often exceed execution, but here the two were matched at a high level.Sooo sad! This amazing spot took all our favorite things off the menu. What's left is no where near as good. They had some of the best ramen in the whole south ( and we go to Adrian communities everywhere to eat). Ramen is the rage in all major cities right now and they were the only ones in town to do it justice.
They also used to have a short rib dish also that was amazing now that is gone too. The vibe and atmosphere in this place is wonderful and with the right food justifies the higher prices. Servers are always super nice.
Please bring the amazing food back. We will read the menu online and call ahead before we come again. So sad to totally look forward to something and find it gone.The ambience was super cute- exposed brick walls, artsy portraits of "rebels", candlelight lit tables.  The food was delicious- particularly loved the sticky buns and duck entree.  We were too stuffed to enjoy dessert. Our server was super nice and remembered our long order without writing anything down which I loved. Best part- the awesome variety of Japanese whiskeys they carry- unusual for restaurants.One of the best burgers I've had in Nola and trust me when i say, I have on the look out!Empanadas and sticky buns were my favorite. My fiance is picky with her cocktails and loved the blackberry burn. Great atmosphere. Good crowd. Will definitely stop by again next time we're in town and try the brunch menu. Our waitress was great as well!I want to say our first experience at Rebellion was awesome and they have one of the best bowls of ramen in town hands down.
Our second experience today was different. The place seemed like a ghost town as we were the only ones in there at 6:30 pm. The food was still amazing Chef Steven  has really created a special menu. Great flavors and and food was executed perfectly both times we visited. However, the service this time was pretty bad the young girl who was serving us spent more time everywhere else that attending to us. Our drinks we ordered were left at the serving station for about 10 min before she decided she wrapped enough silverware. When I got my cocktail it was watered down already. She just was missing the mark in giving us the full experience of rebellion. 
Overall, excellent food keep it up chef Steven! But please someone talk to and train the young serving staff on how to be more tentative to the guests, especially if they are the only table in the place. We will be back for more ramen, just hope get that all around great service the next time.Best kept secret in town. Original korean meets brazilian cooking that wows the senses. Owner Seung and chef Steve have cteated a real winner in all dishes.
Rush race go.  You'll  be back.  And a great vibe too with staff commited to making it a great experienceEverything was sooooo good here!!!!
My friends and I came here on Halloween, and were surprised to see it nearly empty. No matter though, it just meant that we could be seated right away :)
Our waiter was super friendly and very knowledgeable in all of the dishes. We ordered so much, and everything was delicious!
Pork belly sliders, scallops, the burger (can't remember which one), empanadas, poutine, ughhhhh anything you get I swear it'll be good! The plating here is very nice too, and it was cool to look around and admire the paintings and decor put around the restaurant. 
Anything you get will probably be DELICIOUS!This place has a realllllly cool vibe.  The Veg & Curry Soup was amazing, honestly, the best I've had.   The Wagyu burger was also very tasted and cooked perfectly.   My only complaint was the slow service getting sat and that my fries were not cooked all the way.   But, would definitely come here again.  Once we were sat, the service was great, btw.I can't really see myself coming back here. Maybe as a Japanese girl who grew up in San Francisco my ramen standards are high, but the ramen just didn't do it for me. The broth wasn't authentic, there was too much stuff in the bowl and not enough noodles, and my egg was far from a soft boil...the yolk was completely solid inside. To me, this is like a ramen Cardinal sin! If you're looking for ramen in the city, I've gotta recommend Noodle & Pie hands down. As far as other stuff on the menu, we ordered spring rolls which were just okay (and not worth $10 for how small they were) and my husband got the burger. He also left more unsatisfied than he planned and was already asking when we can go to Company Burger to make up his burger craving. You've gotta be more on point than this place to do "Asian fusion" and make it in this city that is full of delicious other food and actual authentic Asian food. I hope this place improves for their own sake, but they still have a long way to go.Definitely appreciate the concept, but the food seems to be missing some flavor.  Our scallops were slightly undercooked. We tried several plates, large and small and everything was "good". Hostess seemed completely uninterested in guests/greeting. Service (server) was friendly.  The caipirinhas were far from authentic-and not good.It was a toss-up between Rebellion and Mopho and we chose to come to Rebellion while in NOLA. I loved the housemade kimchi. The empanadas were a great twist. Would definitely return again.Came here the first night in New Orleans, and had an okay time. The decor is my style, exposed brick with a modern twist. I think the place was under new ownership or it recently became a new restaurant. Nothing wrong with that but our waitress wasn't the most knowledgable when it came to the menu. 
As far as the food, it was on point. It took a bit long tho, the waitress did mention that he burgers take 15-20 min to cook, which wouldn't be too bad if we had atleast ordered some apps. The burger was great although the fries were good but not my favorite. My girl loves the fries cause she likes them thin and crispier and I prefer to feel like I'm eating potatoes. The food saved this place from going down to three just based on how underwhelming the experience was. It was a nice dinner, nothing to hype up about, as a tourist, there's prob a million other spots is go check out first. 
Overall honest rating is 3.6 starsLunch was alright but we wouldn't return. 
Pork belly sliders: served on a really sweet bun or had really sweet sauce, something made them taste like lHawaiian rolls sweet.. Fries were delicious with a great dipping sauce. The dipping sauce was the best thing we had.
Rebellion Ramen: not a big serving and unmemorable.  Pork belly had a lot of fat that wasn't thee let in your mouth kind.
Sorry for the tough review - not sure if we just had an off experience or what but in Nola there are a lot better options.My first visit to Rebellion.  I will update this review after my next visit.
The Rebellion burger with fries. The burger was prepared medium rare as ordered and the meat, was very very good,  toppings were fresh and cool, bun was also very good. 
The space has been expertly renovated, the bar section looks like a great place to hang out, the bartenders were attentive and friendly. I plan on revisiting Rebellion for the pork sliders and some drinks when I next visit New Orleans for fun. 
Rebellion is a great addition to the warehouse district and worthy of repeat business,  I know I will.The Brussel sprout salad was really good. The kimchi empanadas were unique and tasty. Do not get the ramen. I understand that the restaurant is "fusion" and the noodles were not ramen noodles but the broth did not have any flavor and that's the most important part to ramen in my opinion.Unbelievably good
Chef steve has it going on !!!
You have to go price is right food is deliciousI've heard many bad things about this place from friends, but had to come bc I didn't want to waste my Groupon. And I was hoping that they would prove me wrong. Lol. They didn't. 
Yakuza mushrooms ($7) - this wasn't bad. There were pickled radishes on it that really didn't need to be there. It honestly looked like it was thrown on there as an afterthought. The mushrooms were mixed with Chèvre and it was topped with some type is sweet, spicy, red sauce. The presentation, as you'll see from my picture, was terrible. 
Ramen ($17) - it's a beef broth. Tasted like pho (Vietnamese beef noodle soup) that has way too much star anise in it. The meat was so dry that it was not edible. But the flavor tasted like ruoc/cha bong, which is shredded dried pork. The ramen broth was a muddy color. The egg tempura... idk why you'd have a tempura egg bc the outside was soggy. The yolk was not runny like I saw in other ramen pics. That was disappointing. Overall, just not anything I would ever want to eat again. 
Wagyu burger w/ fries ($14.5) - ordered it to be medium. Our waitress told us that although the menu says cheese is an additional charge, it really isn't. Great, we'll have the cheddar cheese. Burger comes out looking like a sloppy mess. My bf picks up the burger and notices it is missing the top half of the bun. We let our waitress know, she brings the burger back with the bun on top... but it's burnt! Not crispy, just burnt. Obviously forgotten about on the grill. That would have been fine, but the burger was then very very dry. The fries were great. Had a nice crunch on the outside, soft on the inside. Probably from the freezer and not fresh. 
The best part of our meal was that we sat in the back of the restaurant to where we could see the kitchen. Heard the chef yelling a whole lot. Watched our waitress tell the chef how to put together the food. Oh my. What a show. 
Our waitress, Lindsey (sp?), was a doll. Very good service! She looked like she had her hands full.Great atmosphere, fun drink selection, and good service. I would go here again to be social and have a couple cocktails and maybe an appetizer, but I personally don't care to eat there for dinner again. It's a good concept. I didn't care for the food and I thought the prices were high, but it could be that it just wasn't my taste in food. We tried several of the appetizers and the best 2 of 4 we tried were the fries and scallops. I tasted the Brussels sprout salad, Pho, and duck confit. I didn't really care to eat any of it. If I were hungry I would have, but I wasn't thrilled by it enough to do so. The only reason I'm not giving a 4 star is bc the food was just okay. I didn't leave hungry, but I didn't leave raving about the food either. I feel like a 3 is low, but a 4 would be misleading.This little jewel of a place just opened in the Warehouse district in late May and we wanted to give it a try.  We had the pork belly sliders and the Rebellion burger, both of which were excellent.  The service was excellent as well. They have several veggie options which all look very good. I want to go back and try some of the rice or Pho dishes which all looked great on other tables nearby. I am looking forward to my next visit.To say it wasn't busy at all... The service sucks..the bar especially. Drinks are worse than the food.Rebellion is AMAZING! I can't stop thinking about the Duck and Pho spices empanadas, Mushroom Pho, and Crispy Peking Duck with Szechuan Rice, OH and the Rebellion Burger!! This place just opened and it continues to blow my mind with every new dish I try. Chef David and Chef Stephen have the recipes down and are ready to please your palate! Their menu is loaded with delicious options; healthy salads, savory Wagyu Ribeye, and so much more! (Drooling)
I'm huge on nutrition and love to have a healthy delicious meal whenever feasible, especially while dining out. Rebellion uses fresh, local and organic greens.....and grass fed wagyu! GRASS FED!!! Can't find too many restaurants in Nola like this one. I have such a hard time sticking my fork in the food because of the presentation; It really is THAT beautiful. 
Please do yourself a favor and try this place out. I can totally see Anthony Bourdain walking into Rebellion in the near future.The wait is horrible. I mean absolutely horrible. Got there at 7:45pm on Sunday night and the restaurant was maybe a quarter full. Sat down right away but didn't get to place our orders till 8:10. An hour later and still no food. Food finally started arriving at 9:20. We were so hungry that we agreed to take each dish as it's ready and not wait for all the entrees to be done. The last entree wasn't delivered till around 9:45 which means two hours from when we sat down to actually get all our meals. Ridiculous and by this time, the restaurant was almost completely empty. 
The duck empanadas and squid ink spaghettini were good. Everything else such as the Asian po boy, udon noodles and beef soup were bland with no taste. Definitely not worth waiting for and will not be back.Worst service I've ever had. Party of 8, took 30 min to get our drink order and it wasn't even right. Food came out 1 entree at a time with 10-15 min increments, and the last one never came out. Never got an apology from the manager. I've never felt so uncomfortable around a waitstaff, they were all just very awkward people. Truly a bizarre experience. Should have kept walking.Found Rebellion on Yelp during Jazz Fest - kitchen and staff were slammed so there was a pretty good wait for food... That said, service was great (and apologetic). The food was worth the wait - really exceptional flavors and subtle perfect combinations. Roasted beet salad was small but perfect. Loved, loved the curry and ramen. Would make the trek from the quarter again!Your prices are reasonable, and service was really good. I gave you 5 stars because I loved how quickly management responded in Yelp. 
HOWEVER:
1) YOU NEED TO ADD VEGETABLES TO YOUR CURRIES!!!!!!!  No one, absolutely no one, likes a noodle, tofu, curry thing you have without any veggies.  PLEASE MAKE SURE SERVERS INFORM PATRONS THAT THEY CAN DO THIS!!!  I know you say you have one but when I last asked they said they didn't :(
2) The breakfast potato burrito thing is great.  Love it.
3) Decor is awesome!
I think you are great for weekend brunch.  Add more veggies to your curries (broccoli, onion, carrot, etc - ANYTHING!) and I will give you many more ratings showing how great you are for lunch and dinner.  These past visit was kinda disappointing.The Rebellion Ramen is absolutely fantastic! If you are in the Warehouse District you must go. 5 stars for sure!Some of the best food I've had in the city and at such a great price! The atmosphere is beautiful and the garden is lovely and SHADED! The Mushroom Pho was to die for and ALL of the small plates are delightful! Go with a few friends and order a bunch to split!In the old location of Phil's Grill this new Asian infused restaurant does not disappoint! Still a casual setting with dinner entrees that range from $10 to $30. I ordered the Rebellion Ramen and it was absolutely delicious and my boyfriend ordered the curry noodles which was a great spicy dish with lots of flavor! I also ordered the spicy margarita which definitely had a bite to it but was a great cocktail to sip on. I would recommend everything we tried and will definitely be coming back!
Just a quick update after we went a week or so ago. In my opinion it's going in the wrong direction since we first went almost a year ago. Slower service, limited menu, and the food just wasn't the same... Didn't have the wow factor it once did. I hope they get it together soon because I do like this place.Went to Rebellion for the first time today and it was amazing!! Had to try the burger after it getting Best New Burger last year. We also had the ramen fries and the black rice pudding dessert. My friend had the nori roll and the watermelon and crabmeat soup. It was all so amazing! I love how my burger was Asian fusion. Rebellion is really something that New Orleans was missing. The servers were incredibly attentive and the chef even came out to greet us and make sure everything tasted great. Highly recommend.The menu looks amazing and it seems like it's really hard to choose what to eat! Let me make that choice easy for you, don't come here. The food is absolutely awful. The Korean BBQ was such a low quality of meat and so over cooked it was very difficult to eat. It was cut into many pieces that were held together by tough strands of fat. We had to wait for the lettuce to come out as well. The best part of the whole meal was the kimchi that came with it. The Singapore noodles we had weren't even mixed or cooked in the sauce, but rather some of it was just poured on top. Pure laziness on their part. The Tasso mentioned on the menu as part of the dish was nowhere to be found, and there were so many dry spices in it, it even had a granular taste. We tried to cancel our appetizer (the chicken chimichangas), which still hadn't come out about an hour after we had ordered, after we had eaten the entree. Well, we were too late and that was disappointing too. There was absolutely no flavor to the dish and it was hard to find ingredients mentioned in the description, just a lot of dough. I love Asian food, and this place looks like the bees knees, the menu is truly mouth watering, but the execution is poor. Nothing can save this place.
One last thing, a group of 20 were sitting near us having drinks and appys. When they left most of the food was still on the plate.another one of the "inspired" Asian restaurants in the area, I wasn't sure what I expected going in but once I looked at the menu I realized I would probably be disappointed. For some who hasn't not had real Vietnamese this might be ok for you. I however had had plenty of authentic Vietnamese food so it was nothing like the dishes they advertised them to be. Their pho had way to much going on in it. I would assume they were trying to compensate for their lack of a good broth. Also I had to ask for sriracha which is uncommon for Asian restaurants not to mention they did not even have hoisin sauce. Blasphemy right? I did like there wooden high top tables right in front of the television though. I don't think I would return here but I wouldn't discourage people who wanted to go for other things beside the pho.Food was ridiculously good and had a very fun twist on the appetizers! We went in a large group and pretty much ordered all the apps, the debris fries were my favorite. My husband and I both got the wagu burger which was great! A lot of food to eat after all the appetizers. I was pregnant at the time, but their happy hour when everyday until 7pm, so that was nice for those in our group who were drinking. Only complaint was the bartender was fairly unfriendly and there was no hostess when we showed up at 6:30. No big deal, but it took us a while to sit even though we had reservations.In from out of town for Jazz Fest on April 30, we were really looking forward to this meal for our large group. The service was atrocious.  No one stopped by our table for the first 20 minutes, so we had to summon the host to to take our orders. He forgot all of our appetizers, but then brought out one entree at a time, spread out over 45 minutes. It was as if the place was being run by children. Or perhaps every single person on staff, front or kitchen, was new to restaurant work. None of us had ever had such an experience. Once the food came it tasted okay but wow.  Does anyone actually own this place?  Perhaps you be there on a Saturday night.This place is beautiful with a nice, pleasant atmosphere. I would recommend the happy hour but a gastropub it is NOT! The food was AVERAGE at best. I'm glad I had the groupon to offset the cost but I had the burger and my boyfriend had the curry vegetable. The rice was undercooked and the only veggies in the in bowl were bell peppers and bok choy. My burger had no flavor and the french fries were sad and boring. I wasn't at all impressed with the food. It's highly overrated! Go to cafe Carmo around the corner instead!Venue: very cool place with amazing art (for sale) on the walls. Great vibe when you walk in.
Cocktails: Delicious!!!! The adult cherry limeade is really good!
Service: there were eight of us there for lunch. We were the only people there. Our waitress/bartender was very nice but would disappear for extended periods of time.
Food: There appeared to be issues in the kitchen. Took forever to get out to us (again, we were the only people there), orders were wrong, fries stone cold. My club sandwich was cold and tasteless. And no burger on the menu? 
Overall: Cool place that I would go back to for cocktails. Food not so much.Easily the best meal we've had in New Orleans and we come here at least one or two times a months. The chef even came over to our table a few times to talk to us. The food is incredible and SO unique - you won't find it anywhere else in the city. It really does lives up to its name as its a true "Rebellion" against the cliche Nola cuisine. Any real foodie needs to eat at this place!!!Have been here three times simply because the reviews were so high and I just can't go above 3. It's only because the burger is good. The sticky buns were dry and not too flavorful. The ramen is average at best. But I have to say, the burger is quite delicious. Rebellion is officially in the category of "I wouldn't suggest it to my friends, but if people want to go I will gladly, and will eat a tasty burger."I went for lunch with co-workers during the first week (just lunch; no dinner or alcohol yet). We each loved our choices. I had the kale slaw, which was more of a salad than a shredded slaw. The slightly spicy note in the dressing was fantastic. I also had the mushroom pho - heavy on the mushrooms, excellent broth, lots of spice. My friends had the Brussel sprout salad, scallops, and the burger, and everything was devoured. We'll definitely be back and I'm looking forward to the cocktail menu too.Woefully unimpressed.  $5 mule was watered down - too much ice.  Fries were good but I gander they're likely sourced from a freezer.  The chimichangas were a pretty good mystery - some type of sweet potato mash in there and papaya??  Couldn't finish.  The most unfortunate part was the wagyu burger that looked like it had been stepped on by the chef - the bun completely smashed to the thickness of a quarter.  The meat itself wasn't cohesive and resembled meatloaf.  Unfortunately we won't be back.I love love love Asian food.....and I love restaurants that commit to organic produce and meats at least to some level. So I trekked off here on a wednesday night after reading so many good reviews. I found a smart looking place that was as comfortable and inviting as you can wish. The menu was clever and boasted Ramen noodle dishes, dumplings and other crafty Asian fare. We ordered and shared a number of dishes. None of them bad for sure but not many were exceptional. Burger was home run with great marinade and organic beef. Brussels sprout salad was another with high marks. Pork Belly Ramen was good but not stellar. I may have high expectations since I have eaten this stuff recently in Tokyo and San Francisco There I had Ramens that got your taste bud attention. We also had the beef shank ramen which was spicy but lacked real depth in broth. The duck was good but also not exceptional. I love the idea and the concept and hope the Chef can round these dishes out for deeper complexity.This was a dissatisfying and disappointing food experience. The Korean BBQ lettuce wraps was not up to par. Couldn't tell it was Korean style, maybe the sides considered it (Kim chi and rice, which rice was not good either)?? The beef cubes were overly, extra well done, and had burnt crispy pieces... very chewy. The burger meat was dry and bland. Timing to bring out food was bad, took 35+ mins., and I had to ask waiter to check on it, he came back and added 3-5 more mins. Restaurant seemed slow, maybe short on cooks? I wanted to enjoy this place because the atmosphere was nice with awesome artwork, and the decor was so cool, sadly I will not return for food.Dropped by for cocktails (Sazerac, Old Fashioned, Moscow Mule) and wine. Impressed by the care in the cocktail and seriousness of the bartenders. Great space good drinks.We've been wanting to give Rebellion a shot for a while now. We came on a Thursday before the Pelicans game. We called and asked if we needed a reservation. We were told no, but they neglected to tell us that there was a Mardi Gras party booked that night. Not a huge deal, but we ended up having to sit in the bar area on a very small bar table. 
Our bartender/server Bree did a great job. She was very helpful with the menu, and recommended some great drinks. The happy hour special had some decent drink specials. 
The atmosphere was great. It was a very chill environment, dimly lit, with great art on the walls. 
The food, however, I feel missed the mark for the price. The ramen was $14 and really lacked flavor. I'm not too picky, but it wasn't the best I've had. I guess for someone who hasn't had really good  ramen, it would be decent. Or maybe if I was more drunk. But I was expecting something earth shattering for $14. The poutine was good, but just like I tell my Canadian friends, it's cheese fries. I can't get too excited about cheese fries.  
Appetizers, drinks, a few main courses, for 4 was $140 without tip. You can do much better for $140 in the city.  
Would I go back for drinks and maybe some apps?  Yes. Would I go for dinner again?  Probably not. More options on the menu, better pricing, or better flavor for the food could make this a hit for me.First impression: bad-- Hostess had all the personality of a dead fish.  Maybe some restaurants think that's cool, but I don't.
We got three dishes.
The Korean rib sliders were awesome.  
Likewise, the Udon curry noodles with kaffir lime and lemongrass chicken also delicious. 
Duck with pho spices-- either not as advertised in menu, or they brought us the wrong thing.  Waitress explained it was correct, but it seemed more like a ground meat empanada.  Tasted good, but cold in the middle.
Hopefully they are just still getting the kinks worked out.  Overall a good concept with tasty, interesting food.
I will definitely go back (and hopefully be able to give it 5 stars!)Amazing meal in the CBD! Small plates and apps are incredible - well balanced flavors and innovative dishes. Highly recommend. The small plates and the burger are not to be missed. 
The bar is also fantastic - lots of new twists on the old New Orleans favorites.This is the kind of place where after I've carefully perused the menu, I want to simply hand it back to the server and say in wonderment, "Yes. I will take it all." 
The spot has a great vibe. Trendy enough for a first date, sophisticated enough to take an important client, and fun enough to make it one of your many stops on a bar crawl through the city. All while somehow remaining unpretentious. #sorcery
While visiting on business, came in TWO nights in a row (which is saying something in a food city such as New Orleans!). Smart, attentive service, killer cocktails and a menu that features items you cannot find anywhere else will bring me back. The Aburi Hokkaido (seared scallops), "Ghetto Sous Vide" short ribs, and Phat Rice were so good I almost needed a cigarette after. Had the Rebellion Ramen and the Wagyu Burger on visit numero dos and I would punch a stranger in the face to have them magically transported to me tonight. Seriously. I was so happy to hear that the place is a locally-owned small business and not run by some McCorporation or conglomerate. Can't wait to visit again!Walked in and the bartender told us they weren't serving food. Okay, let's have a drink. Sat at the bar and waited 5 minutes to be acknowledged (there were only 5 other people there and they already had drinks). She took our order and said she had to go get ice... but never went to get ice or make our drinks. Instead she checked on all the other people at the bar and chatted with them. During the time we were waiting, three other groups of people came in to eat and she told them the place was closed... even though we were all sitting there. We finally got up and left too. So irritated that it deserves 1 star. Never going back.Really cool atmosphere with really unique options! I got La Floridia Daqueri for happy hour. The drink was good and the vibe is great, with its Black Keys music and brick walls. I recommend!The ramen was delicious. The owner was super generous and gave us kimchi and rice while we watch the Super Bowl. Got the home cooking feel :)Was a close second as to whether to spend my birthday watching the world series with my brother here or elsewhere (ended up being a coin toss). The other place was too cool to greet is so we ended up here...Lindsey behind the bar was amazing--beautiful, professional and able to answer all kinds of questions by us while still being a proffesional! The menu had a good Asian Fusion/southern cooking thing going--it was really good! Major can't miss: the Waghu Burger and the poutine fries...wow!! 
I'd give it a higher star-rating but who we determined to be the owner, maybe chef?, was such a douche with his tool-cool-to-care attitude that it detracted from the overall experience. It's a shame too-he has staff that seem to care...too bad he doesn't seem to.Interesting menu. Franklin did an excellent job explaining the various seasonings used in Asian fusion. Shrimp tempura was tasty. The burger was exceptional as advertised. Reputed to be best in Nola, and it is! Not a burger person, but if I'm going to eat one, this is it! For dessert we had the bread pudding. It was heavenly!Went last Thursday around 6. The place was empty but since it's new I gave it a pass.They didn't have a cocktail list so we ordered directly from the bar to simplify things. The decor is someone's idea of NYC, who has, clearly, never been...half exposed brick, tricolor walls, "edgy" commercial art, ambient "beats" for background noise. Very neo Patrick Bateman. The bar is much nicer than the dining room. We ordered the ceviche as a first course. It was spicy, well portioned, overall pretty good. I had the ramen, he had the egg noodle dish. Everything lacked salt/flavor. The noodles were under cooked in both dishes. My egg was overcooked. The happy hour draft beer was $5 a pint, high priced for this city. The bill was $67 with tip, after subtracting a $25 Groupon. Not currently worth it. They have the potential to improve. The server mentioned reworking the menu. The courtyard is beautiful.What a disappointment. There was one waitress working and I believe the kitchen was short staffed as well as everything we ordered didn't make it out and we wound up canceling a dish. The pork shish-kabob was dried out, I couldn't taste the truffle in the Parmesan truffle fries, and I watched my cocktail sit on the bar for about 15min before it made its way to the table. Would also recommend they do something about the lighting as the track lighting shines directly in the eye from almost every direction. Sad to say I'd pass on this one.Nice and quiet place if you are looking sth where are not many tourists. We ordered two main dishes, pulled pork and seared beef. Price in good. Room is rally nice and server was superb. Good atmosphere, bunch of friends would enjoy. Food is healty. Visiting from Europe.I have mixed feelings on this place as I've been here several times (6 times within the past year) and every time, the food is excellent, the servers are friendly and attentive but the hostesses act like they could care less if you want to want to have dinner.Eh, okay, but overall unremarkable. I had a Thai fried rice with crab. Then I saw a "short-rib" go by. This short-rib was a foot long. Probably should have ordered that. Chocolate pudding was good, but couldn't handle the concept of the tobacco (yes, tobacco, not tobaSco) cookie. Maybe go here if you're tired of all the southern and New Orleans food, but I'd have to live here for a while before that happens.The food was absolutely delicious and the cocktails were stunning! I had the Raman with a broth so delicious it would make you weep. Also I couldn't resist sneaking a few bites of a friend's pork belly sliders cooked to perfection! I will DEFINITELY be back!We were looking for a nice place to relax after a long work day. Yelp was right on the money with this place.  What a fantastic experience!  Waygu Burger, rib sliders and the Ramen were excellent.  Not a plate with anything left on it when we left.  We met the chef, wonderful man!  Take time and stop, you will not be disappointed!!The food is absolutely AMAZING!!!!!! The customer service was spot on and it made my experience that much better. The signature cocktails were so refreshing and spicy! The entire atmosphere at Rebellion was warm and inviting. I will be a frequent visitor!!!!!!The food here is interesting and the taste of most things is good.  I'm always a bit cautious about "fusion" places and this place combines Asian and Latin food but so far most of the food has turned out well.  The service is a bit inconsistent as it has been slow and inattentive sometimes.  The owner has been here every time I've eaten here and has made a point to ask about my meal and it seems he asks everyone in the restaurant how their meal is and he has also been eating the food every time I've visited so that's always a good sign.  For a "bar" they are still only open a couple of nights with most of their service being at lunch.  Compared to most other Asian and Latin restaurants the portions are a bit on the smaller size for the price and overall most things are not the best value here for the amount you're served so you will end up shelling out at least around $20 with tip for most of the entrees on the menu and an iced tea or other drink. 
The curried noodles have a nice spice to them but I think I would prefer another noodle type than the udon they are served with as the udon seemed to get all the chicken to slide into the bottom of the bowl.  I think I might like this dish with udon noodles if it were made as more of a soup so the distribution of everything would be more even along with throwing in some more veggies.  The burger was very tasty but could've used some cheese and maybe an egg on it while the fries served with it didn't really do much for me even though they were mixed with cheese and seaweed which might have been nice on some thicker duck (or goose) fat fries.  
Overall I like the space and the food while the service and prices would give me pause to regularly eat here.  I'm impressed with the owners hands on approach and I expect they will make course corrections as needed to get this place up to a fantastic place as they gain experience.Based on reviews I had high expectations for Rebellion.  Unfortunately, it was a terrible experience from the beginning. 
We arrive around 4:30 only to be told by an employee that their hours have changed and they don't open until 5. The employee was a little rude about it, but we let it go. Yelp had their hours as opening at 4, happy hour from 4-7. Not a big deal, we walked around the neighborhood to kill some time until they opened. 
When we returned shortly after 5, we waited at the front for a few minutes before we were greeted. The same employee (I believe her name was Evelin) greeted us, apologized for not being open initially when we arrived and sat us at in the middle room. She was going to be our server as well. There was one other table in the restaurant so we basically had the room to ourselves. My husband inquired about the draft beers and she said their draft beer system was down. She told us that they had a variety of bottled beers but there was no list and if we asked for one she would tell us if they had it or not. To keep it simple we just stuck with water.
My husband ordered the wagyu burger with fries. His burger and fries were delicious, well cooked and flavorful. The reason for the 2 stars. I ordered the Singapore noodles. The description on the menu was vermicelli, curry, crawfish, soft shell crab. Evelin asked if I wanted to add soft shell crab to my entree. I mentioned that the menu said it came with it already. She said they recently changed their menu and it was now an additional $8. I opted not to pay the extra and just have it without the soft shell crab. The noodles were dry and had an overwhelming taste of fish powder. There was sausage and shrimp and no crawfish. Honestly, I would've been more satisfied had I just grabbed the $1 pack of ramen from the market. Very disappointing. 
After about 25 minutes of waiting for our food, I saw it come up in the window and the kitchen Ring the bell to signal that the food was ready. She went over to grab the food and instead of running it to our table, she stood at the window gossiping with another employee for at least 5 minutes. Finally, she dropped the food at our table and we didn't see her again until we had finished eating and asked for the check. We immediately gave her our card to run without even looking at the bill and it took another 5 minutes for her to come back. 
Overall, service was terrible (definitely the worst I experienced while in New Orleans) and the food is not worth the money.The perfect place to recharge after a morning of museum hopping. I went after lunch around 2:15pm so there weren't many people there, but the atmosphere was great and peaceful. Great selection of art on the wall and a fantastic playlist contributed to an awesome vibe. 
I sipped on a delicious Paloma cocktail and enjoyed the stuffed tomato , which was a perfect portion for midday. 
I would absolutely return as I'd be interested in trying more of their food.Great atmosphere. Very industrial style feel to it. I'm slightly confused by their menu though, because their dinner menu is limited to sandwiches and ramen and their lunch menu is even more limited. I came here for a private event in the back and in the courtyard. I ordered the Wagyu beef burger and fries. The burger was amazing! I loved the quality of the meat, though slightly too charred for my taste and I loved the thin sliced french fry strings. I will be returning to try the ramen here for myself. As a note, the ramen served here and in restaurants is of a higher caliber than the ramen you get for fifty cents at the grocery store. I recommend this restaurant over the Warehouse Grille for lunch.We came in the mid afternoon so food wasn't being served but the bartender made fantastic drinks! A nice reprieve from the loud and crowded French quarter to the east of here. Nice atmosphere with some good original works of art hung around the building.The atmosphere is great, and food was outstanding. The menu was full of really interesting, amazing sounding food I wish I could've ordered more. Had the shrimp tempura appetizer which was to die for, and the bread pudding dessert is by far the best bread pudding I've ever had. 
The owner was super nice and service was great. I'd absolutely go back again, and recommend anyone I know who's in New Orleans to check it out. For me it was a do-not-miss if you're in the area.We were sat right away  great atmosphere and music . We rate the cocktails very high , they were made by an experienced bartender . Our server was friendly and engaging The owner also made a couple of stops by the table to introduce himself and recommend a second dish for our hungry son who finished hid first  meal in record time . The food was delicious and hot . All four of us enjoyed our meals and desert . The fact that it is late night food is also a huge plus for the neighborhood . MarkWell, I had received the Yelp alert naming the 5 hottest new restaurants and Rebelliion caught my attention. I am always interested in adventurous menus as New Orleans, until recently, played it fairly safe in terms of introductions of different types of food; Rebellion really piqued my interest. My husband and I were looking for a late lunch place last Sunday and I suggested we drive to the CBD to see if Rebellion was open; they were. The place had a few other customers. We were immmediately greeted by a guy who asked if we would like to sit at a table or the bar. My husband and I chose to sit at the bar. We soon learned that they guy that greeted us at the front was the owner, Sung, a Korean-American from New Orleans whose family roots are from Brazil. We proceeded to order a hard cider for my husband, and a Cosmopolitan for me. Soon, Mary Catherine, the highly skilled and friendly mixologist who recently relocated back from Greenwich Village, introduced herself to us and perhaps to the prettiest and tastiest Cosmo I have had the pleasure to drink. We were so fortunate to come in when we did and sit at the bar as we received personal recommendations from Sung. He told us of the history, interviewing chefs and finally choosing one that convinced him to go a little higher end than he originally planned on going. You will find a steak on the menu that we will order next time. My husband viewed the menu and made a comment about there being a burger on the menu. Sung explained that Rebellion is located at the site of the former Phil's Grill and some carryover customers of Phil's had come in looking for a burger. How Smart of Sung to include a burger on his menu! Well, Rebellion's burger was highly recommended to my husband who could not believe he would actually order a burger froma menu where he saw so very many things he might otherwise have ordered. Nevertheless, he did and stated it was the best burger he had ever had. I took a few bites and I have to say I am not sure what they do, but the burger was incredibly flavorful for using such a prime grade of beef. We started with a half order of the duck empanadas and something with kimchee. Utterly divine. I opted to order the Curry Udon noodles for me entree. The dish had so much chicken, I could not finish it. One suggestion here is that I would add some color to this dish. While flavorful, it could have used some green (baby bok choy or ?).Throughout our meal, Sung requested feedback; he solicited it. This was a minor point about the desire for more color I failed to make. We SO appreciated his willingness to listen and his openness. We were asked to sample a banana bread pudding which the chef sent out for us to try. It was delicious, though as I explained to Sung, after a lighter spicy meal, being a female who watches calories, I would rather eat more apps and small plates than fill up on a heavy dessert. Perhaps in the fall or winter, but 90 degrees outside with my mouth experiencing a pleasant burn from the spiciness of the dishes I would have preferred a sorbet, perhaps green tea and/or coconut on the menu to balance the spiciness of the food. Another option would be a lighter banana beignet, puffy and sweet as opposed to dense like bread pudding. Again, Sung was anxious to hear our feedback. We feel Rebellion is the best new restaurant since Peche. We are planning a dinner there with family coming in from CA in a few weeks. We can't wait to return. Lastly, Sung is very conscious of costs and stressed how he is wanting to provide quality food at a reasonable price point. I love the unpretentiousness of that!!!. Give it a try!The food was not just delicious. It's divine and unique. I had ramen with "braised" pork in it. Oh, it was awesome: the noodle was soft and the soup was unforgettably tasty!!! On the top of everything,  the price of wine and dish is so~~reasonable!! The serving staff was kind! I liked the interiors of this spacious restaurant too!!! Two thumbs up!!!Fun, upbeat place ! We really enjoyed the atmosphere  and the band that was playing .  The staff was attentive and friendly! 
We ordered the duck with pho spices empanadas for an appetizer . They would have been better if they were fried a little more crispy. The inside was too "mushy" with no texture . May have been better with pieces/chunks of duck inside . However the flavors were wonderful !  The taste definitely outweighed the texture . Worth ordering again.  
We also ordered the Rebellion ramen and the Beef shank noodles . The ramen broth and noodles were really tasty . If you enjoy mushrooms, this dish is for you ! Very heavy pork flavor.  I really enjoyed the fried, soft boiled egg on top. That would have been better fried crispier also in my opinion . The beef shank noodles were a miss . We would not order it again . The beef in the dish had great flavor though . 
I really wish they offered more ramen dishes to choose from . I feel like they could really come up with some nice combinations . 
The best part of the dinner was the atmosphere and empanadas !Amazing service first off! Got a complementary mimosa because they were out of the beer I wanted. Truly genuine hospitality! Food was amazing as well. Had the fried pickles, gumbo, and grown up grilled cheese. Their homemade potato chips were excellent. The Bloody Mary my gf had was the best she has ever had, and we've had a few around the world.I've always enjoyed my meals and my cocktails at this place. Love their Ramen. Yum!I love this place. It makes me feel at home...
I won't say anything more...Rebellion is making the best authentic traditional Korean food in NOLA.My my wife and myself came in with our 1 year old child on a Saturday night at around 8pm.  The place was dead except for 1 couple at the bar.  
The host greeted us and asked if we had reservations.  We said no since we were coming in from out of town walked quite a ways from our hotel excited to try this place based on the good reviews on yelp.  She said sorry she cant serve us because we have a baby and it is close to 8:30pm.  Yelp also shows they allow kids so that was really weird.
We were extremely surprised about the discrimination as even when we were on bourbon street the night before at 9:30pm no one said anything or kicked us out.  Bear in mind we are not the types of parents that would put our child in harms way if we knew there were out of control drunks around.  
We left in outrage.  As we left to another spot I will say that one of the partners came out to apologize and asked us to come back.  We politely declined, because if you have another partner that discriminates in this time frame, my morals will not allow me to support such an establishment.
We ended up going to Luke's a few blocks down that gladly invited us and our child.  We mentioned the story to them and they could not believe it either.  If you support Rebellions it just means you support discrimination.  I do wish them the best of luck.Went for lunch. Service wasn't great, but food was decent. I didn't get to try enough to leave a detailed review. Spicy noodle dishes were filling and tasty. But it was good enough for me to head back and try it out again. I'll update my review once I return.Took a 20 minute Uber ride from outside of the city just to go in and be told the entire restaurant was closed for a private party. No notification about that anywhere. Very disappointed and now out all that money from Uber.The rebellion ramen was great. They broth was amazing. My salad was ok and the steak was over cooked. Overall the deco was fun and I would come back if I was in New Orleans again.i really hate to give a negative review, and i don't wish bad fortune on any restaurant, but my lunch at rebellion was beyond disappointing.  it must be under new ownership or management now, because the previous photos of the menu and burgers did not resemble today's versions.  our burgers were dry, dense, overcooked frozen patties.  the bun was unremarkable, the cheddar was a stingy portion, the bacon was omitted (although we paid $2.00 for it), and the onion rings were too greasy to eat.  no wonder we were the only patrons there at lunchtime on a friday.  i'm sad to see such a great space with a poor kitchen program.The foodie in me is really excited about this restaurant opening so near my work. Stopped in for lunch today & got the Rebellion Ramen, and walked out almost a new man. Every component of this dish had its own intriguing flavor and texture (especially texture), and when combined together made for an unforgettable bowl of food. Will think about this one for a while... Until I go back & get another one, that is. Can already tell that the kitchen is doing amazing things.Great vibe to this location, tucked away in the CBD. Meets the trending industrial chic aesthetic of the area with exposed beams, and brick walls.
bar staff were fantastic- friendly, knowledgable, and experts at their craft. I highly recommend the dixie sour and the blood and sand cocktails.
also try the empanadas- they are made of puff pastry and are flaky pies of of heavenGreat place to have a delicious Asian fusion meal, or to just relax and have a drink with friends in a hip/ urban setting. Great location and great food. Don't sleep on Rebellion! You won't be disappointed!I had a really good experience here. There's a lot to like about this place. The decor being one of my favorite things about this new restaurant. I love the high, exposed ceilings which are met by brick accented walls, spotted with some really cool art work. When you first walk in there are these cool, not-so-little couches in the front window, ideal for a group having some coctails. 
About the coctails, they're magnificent. There's also the noteworthy bar that you come across before entering the dining area. I came here once when it was a burger joint, but they've done well with the place in its new venture. You also wanna note it's only street parking around here, i recommend coming after 6pm so you don't have to pay a meter.
I ordered the Kyoto coctail which was easily the best choice on the drink menu, but it'll hit you for $15. I'd say it's worth it tho, for sure. Our server, Kayla, was simply thee cutest thing! Such a delight having her at our service.
My date had the curry udon noodles, which are SPICY y'all, but SO good! I think I enjoyed her dish a little more than mine, but that's not to take anything away from what I had. My order was the rebellion ramen. It was pretty tasty, i didn't finish it, but it was only because my lunch from earlier weighed heavier on me than expected. I didn't know what to expect but the first taste I got from the ramen was cabbage, granted I saw it as one of the ingredients, i just did not expect it to be the first, noticeable taste from it. Once I mixed everything together a bit, it was smooth sailing.
Neither of us did apps or dessert, i think we both weren't that hungry, but the meal only came out to about $60 which wasn't bad at all. Definitely going back and next time there will be room for dessert.Found this place while looking for a quiet lunch spot in the middle of Mardi Gras madness. Beverage menu is very nice, wait staff has a very good knowledge of the offerings and we ended up with a very nice Chardonnay. My friend recommends the duck breast. The chef created a custom dish to accommodate my food allergies, and it was phenomenal. Can't say enough good things. Give it a go, you won't be sorry!Found by accident.  That is how I come upon my review.  A friend and I were headed to the Phil's Grill on Camp Street and when we arrived, we noticed that it was GONE and in its place a new establishment called Rebellion.  Honestly, it being unknown to us, we almost walked away.  After a read of the menu, we thought "why not, let's give it a shot!"
The Gastro Pub Genre seems like a very wide and somewhat undefined category.  Food with alcohol I guess.  However, for the first time in NOLA I really kind of get it after experiencing Rebellion for the first time.  (Maybe that is where the name comes from?)  Anyway, the food was simply fantastic.  We started with the dumplings which were cooked perfectly and really tasty.  Since I was there for the burger, I decided to try the Waygu burger - "The Rebellion."  Wow, it was really amazing.  Best burger I have had for some time.  I asked for it to be cooked medium rare and low and behold, it was cooked perfectly medium rare!  I find that rarely can I get something perfectly medium rare.  (Ha!  Pun intended.)  The bun, the aioli and even the fries were all perfect!  I was exceedingly impressed.  My friend had a spicy noodle dish and loved it although it was really spicy to him and he likes spicy food.  He raved about the flavor.
The service was similarly outstanding all along.  Definitely a solid staff and we felt very welcomed.  All in all, you MUST give it a try!  Now I understand they are awaiting their liquor license (or a liquor order - they didn't have any today) but for a new place, I understand that.  If you like the fusion cuisine(check the menu online if it is there) that involves the gastro pub idea and eastern/Thai food (Pho!), definitely give this place a try before it is SLAMMED for lunch and happy hour.  I will be back soon and often!!In the city...was passing by...HOLY CRAP!  Sofa king good.  BLT was off the hook, home made chips, just awesome.  But, the Sweet Tea was the best I have ever had anywhere.  Perfect.  Will be nack.Both the pork belly and a spare rib sliders were amazing. Loved the duck empanadas and the seared scallops.I attended a novac noff event last night at this restaurant not knowing what to expect. Was utterly amazed at the size of venue and its asthetically appealing design very classy yet homey feeling. Great flat screens at bar to watch the saints destroy the dirty birds along with super hospitable bartenders and servers. Now I guess the important things the food.excellent!!!!!! Try the sliders amazing try the bread pudding with sweet and spicy syrup try the debris fries to die for! Will be recommending all over town and to all of out of towers that get in my uber!We found this place while walking Back from the WW2 Museum. The very best example of New Orlean hospitality that you can get it. After eating at a hamburger joint on Bourbon Street the day before with no hospitality and paying $70 before tip for three people,  we where shocked and amazed at this amazing meal with more food and drinks then we bought at the other place and paid $36. If you want to hear the jazz music and people watch on Bourbon Street in French quarters, buy a drink, if you want to get good food that represents New Orleans come here it was amazing.I had the shrimp dumplings and the grilled strawberry salad with blue cheese and walnuts. . . YUMMMY!!  The food was so good! The restaurant has a great vibe; the music and the art work made you feel so comfortable.  I recommend it to everyone.  I'll be back!A new, modern looking fusion restaurant right in the Warehouse District.  This looks like it's in the heart of a revitalization project in an old neighborhood.  Easy 10-15 min walk from French Qtr or CBD.  Very chic looking, I wouldn't be surprised if the neighborhood was thriving and a new hot spot in a couple of years.
Came here for lunch with friends who live in New Orleans. Not sure about the name, like if they're trying to rebel against the standard New Orleans grub by giving it an Asian fusion?  I hope not, being a huge fan of traditional and modern southern food and especially New Orleans food. The chef is a native Korean but grew up in Brazil, and the menu reflects that.  It's an interesting mix of dishes with Asian influences I found very appealing.
The food comes in both small dishes and large dishes.  We ordered several different small dishes and split them, including duck empanadas, kale salad, Korean rib sliders, spring rolls, and a curry noodles dish.  They were all really good and worth coming to.  Everything was seasoned very well and no complaints.  Service was great, it's a new restaurant and hope they make it for years to come.  Would recommend.I usually hang out in this neighborhood but I haven't stopped in yet. I am blown away by how friendly and knowledgeable your bartenders are (Bree) and the decor and sound is intriguing but familiar. I hate hipsters and this place just butts up to that line, without being dickish. 
I am a better person for coming here. 5 stars.
Chairs at the bar could be a little more comfortable though.Stopped by for a pre-dinner drink yesterday. We really liked the vibe of the bar, the art is stunning and Jasmine was great fun. Also very clean. Would definitely come back when in town.There are many, many reasons why I want to live in New Orleans. Most of them are obvious to both long-time residents and newbies. One of these reasons just emerged on a quiet street in the warehouse district: Rebellion. I cannot rave about them enough. Still in the midst of their soft opening, their menu is ambitious, complex without being elitist, and bursting with bold flavors from every corner of Asia/Latin America/New Orleans. There's a reason why it's been named one of New Orleans's hot new restaurants by Eater and Thrillist. Considering that a new restaurant opens every second in NOLA, that's already quite an achievement.
As for the food, my friend and I shared the kale slaw salad as our appetizer. Fresh with a wasabi kick. A great way to wake up our palate. Yes.
For my main dish, I had the GSV Short Ribs. Hot damn. Beef as tender as Justin Bieber's left butt cheek. And I love me some black rice, which if you don't know, has a toasty, nutty flavor. I immediately regret the Bieber butt comment placed so close to the nutty comment. And seaweed butter?? What you say now? It only sounds gross if you're racist, but if you're not, and especially if you're Korean American like me, seaweed butter accurately describes your upbringing, not to mention is a perfect, salty-smooth accompaniment to the robustness of the ribs. 
My friend had the silk snapper. Which kind of sounds like the Silkk the Shocker. Anyone remember him? Anyway, it's massive. I didn't have any because I was too busy with Bieber butt check, but rest assured my NOLA-native friend was quite pleased. 
For dessert, we had a chocolate thing in a cup. Yum yum gimme some. 
We also sampled some of the fine whiskies/bourbons from their fully-stocked bar. My friend also ordered an Old Fashioned that she loved. 
As for the decor, it's got a cool industrial vibe with large portraits of historical rebels on the walls. Thank you for not including Steve Jobs. 
(Psss...word on the street is that they're working on a Korean Fried Chicken-and-Waffles dish. If that happens, expect the space-time continuum to rip and consume all matter and light. Genius! For those who don't know, KFC is the best fried chicken in the world. Much better than KFC. Confused? Good.)
Again, they're still in their soft opening, so they're still experimenting with their menu, among other things. So things might change. But you should still go, and go again, and tell all your friends, even your hipster friends, and especially your NOLA-native friends. The owners are NOLA-native Asian Americans, and actually care about their local community. GO SAINTSService was amazing. Food was great. Loved the drinks must try the Fleur-De-Lis and Toasted Almond... enjoy!Stopped for mid-afternoon lunch.  Trendy interior, comfortable space, good customer service.  Menu had nice options for lunch - sandwiches, wraps, salads, and a soup. Shrimp wrap and chicken wrap were both good.  Side Caesar salad wasn't bad.  Looking for local (Louisiana) craft beer, they had it but you sort of had to know what each one was.Old menu was definitely better. This new menu is sandwiches. Not a good decision. Won't be back.I read the reviews to the right, and I am sorry some had differing opinions.  My wife and I found the place to be lovely, fantastic, and an "oasis" from the madness in the Quarter. 
Things get busy in the Quarter, and you have the choice either to stay, fight the crowds, and hope for good results, or you can cross Canal Street into the Central Business District to find little gems like this one. 
This beautiful restaurant is historic, too.  It was once a carriage house, (lovely brick work), and it was once a recording studio for people like, "The Dixie Cups," "Ernie K. Doe," and others, (Neville Brothers).  
The restaurant also has walls covered with beautiful, "museum quality" artwork that is worth the trip all by itself.  Even without great food and drink, this place would be worth the trip, and it is!
When we were there, we had coupons for free well drinks with purchase that were cheerfully redeemed with great drinks.  My wife had a Bloody Mary made with our favorite Zing Zang, and I had a Gin and Tonic.  Both were very nice, and very generous. 
As for our meals, we went with the specials, too.  They had a Vegetable Soup on daily special that was made with Vegetable Broth, and not Chicken or Beef.  It was outstanding, loaded with vegetables, and perfect in every way.  We also each enjoyed a salad.  I had the Caesar and my wife had the House Salad (made vegan).  The food was great!  We loved it.  We also loved the attentiveness, and accommodation of the staff.  We were treated like royalty, and even shook hands with the manager. 
Seriously, do yourself a favor.  Step out of line in the French Quarter, and take the short walk to sanity in the Central Business District.  It is quieter there, more peaceful, and the food and service is beyond reproach.  Do it once, do it at this restaurant, and you'll be doing it a lot more - every time you visit New Orleans.  My wife almost exclusively dine in the CBD now, and this has jumped to the top of our list of favorite places. 
I am sorry those others had bad experiences, but I could not agree with them less.  The restaurant we found was neat, clean, and well-maintained with an excellent menu containing a variety of good choices for people of all dietary needs and desires.  The can fill your needs, and fill you up with good food at a good price, too.  We love them.  If Kayla is behind the bar, and Stan is on duty, you can be guaranteed that you will be well taken care of.Took a 20 minute Uber ride from outside of the city just to go in and be told the entire restaurant was closed for a private party. No notification about that anywhere. Very disappointed and now out all that money from Uber 
Update: We returned the night after a message from a manager to give them another chance. 
The ambiance was great, the lighting and paintings on the wall created a cool atmosphere. It was a Friday night and only two employees were ever seen. It took like 10-15 minutes to get our drinks and there was only 2 other small parties in the bar. The food selection wasn't huge, and nothing stood out as spectacular, it was good but not great. There's 100 other places to eat in NOLA, and my experience here would send me somewhere else over eating at rebellion again.Located in New Orleans.  I had the worst meal I ever had in a restaurant.  We stopped there after church to check it out under latest ownership (it has changed frequently).  Ordered "A Taste of NOLA."  The only decent part of the meal was the salad.  The jambalaya and gumbo were so salty I could not eat either...and left most on the plates.  Red Beans & Rice was also over salted, but not as bad.  No wonder there was hardly anybody in the restaurant for a Saturday night.  The doors of this business will not stay open very long.  Waitress was nice but offered no remedy....just a comment that there was a fill-in cook working in the kitchen this evening.  My spouse's po-boy sandwich was less than mediocre.  We will never return.
John McGaha, a native of New OrleansThis is probably my favorite urban restaurant thus far! Stopped in for a special white linen night event and was pleasantly surprised by the rustic and artistic charm of this restaurant. My husband and I had six deliciously strong drinks while listening to live music and eating a sophisticated menu of culinary delight. My favorite was the creole gumbo ,dirty rice and what I stole of my husbands mouth watering steak! Located conveniently in the cultural warehouse district ; it's a great place to stop in and have a drink. See you there!The ambience of this place was great! I can tell that they must have a new owner or management because the menu is not what the pictures on yelp show it to be. The new menu only had sandwiches, soups & simple appetizers. The food was mediocre. The atmosphere & service was good. I think the owner should recreate the menu to bring back more flavorful & unique options. If they revamp the menu & bring in a better chef, this place could have a lot of potential.Great service, we wandered in late and they re-opened the kitchen for us! Delicious food excellent vegetarian recommendations.This place is becoming everything I wanted it to be. Reasonably priced (good) cocktails and great food. The bar was packed tonight, but the other tables not so much. The curry veg soup I had tonight was just awesome. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu.I have been longing for good Asian food ever since I moved to New Orleans two years ago and FINALLY it's here! The ramen was INCREDIBLE and featured the best egg I've ever eaten in my life -- PERFECTLY soft boil and magically tempura-style fried?!?! Ugh. I'm gonna dream dreams about that egg. I also had the PERFECTLY seared scallops, the most flaky delicate kimchi empanadas, brussel sprout salad w/ lamb pancetta... I just... I... It was just all so incredible. The warehouse district is already a hub of some New Orleans' best restaurants and Rebellion is not only a fit, it's a front runner. Do your tummy a favor. Eat this food.We were walking through the warehouse district looking for somewhere to eat that wasn't like the previous couple of nights in the French Quarter. We spotted the menu posted on the door and saw a number of gluten free items so wandered in.
We were seated right away and ordered our beverages. The small plates looked amazing so we thought we would give a few a try to share. 
Pupusa - the pupusa was huge - about the size of three that I get at the Salvadorian place in Toronto - and very flavourful. It has a very nice creamy texture like polenta along with the goodies it was stuffed with. 
Crab cake with corn succatash - very meaty and good sized crab cake, complimented nicely by the sweetness of the corn. 
Creole tomato salad - sliced tomatoes with greens, bacon, grilled shrimp and a spicy, fresh dressing. 
Very nice space with interesting art. Best meal I had in New Orleans.I'm not much of a foodie. Give me good service, fair price, and good food then I'm good. But what caught my attention about this place was the vibe. It was very.... Cool and chill. Definitely is a great place to meet up with friends, enjoy some chill music and no one in your group of friend would complain about the food and the variety. 
The menu was impressively diverse. Though this is a new restaurant and things can change. But for what I saw that was impressive in itself. This would make it even easier to meet up as a group when one person wants Asian food and another wants Latin food. 
I had the Ramen here for dinner and was so blown away from the pork belly and the tempura boiled egg. The following day, I came back for lunch to try the burger that everyone talked about. The burger was no disappointment.
The bar looked really neat and impressive as well but I'm not much of a drinker. But I appreciate the bartender greeting me.Came here for lunch yesterday with a friend, and left happy as could be!
I started with a Canebrake on draft, so I set the bar pretty high.
We split the duck and pho spice empanadas to start.  They were delicious.  They could have been cooked an extra thirty seconds, because the inner part of the wrap was slightly undercooked.  But other than that, the outside was crispy and the filling was perfect.  It also came drizzled in a sort of Asian remoulade and soy sauces.  Fantastic.
I had the "sticky buns" for my entree.  They were more like tacos, but with a sticky bun dough shell.  Interesting, but it worked.  I got it with the Char Siu pork, and it came topped with pickled carrots and daikon, cilantro, and red onions.  It was a fantastic combination of flavors and in a good medium as well.  You get three.
For my side, I upgraded to the ramen poutine fries.  OH. MY. GOODNESS.  These were like an explosion of happiness and yumminess in my mouth.  The fries came topped with ramen poutine gravy, cotija cheese, chives, and Korean BBQ beef.  They were as delicious as that sounds.  I cannot give it enough justice.  You just have to go try them  They are amazing.
So, there is also a Yelp Check-In offer of 10% off one item.  The waitress took it off the most expensive item, so yeah.. score!
After all that, my bill was about $25, well worth it.  It was delicious.Came here yesterday at 3:30pm to find out their kitchen was closed (yet bar was open) despite their hours saying they were open till 10pm. There were no host/hostesses around and no waiter/waitresses to be seen. If it weren't for Caleb, a cook, me and my friends would have been even more lost. 
He was extremely kind to serve us despite that not being his position. He seated us, took our orders in advance so that by the time the kitchen reopened at 4pm, we could eat asap,  cooked our food, cleaned our tables, and was generally a great server when he didn't have to be. He was very patient with taking our long orders and gave such a warm welcomed service. 
Sadly the rest of the restaurant was completely disorganized. Waitresses came in late and unaware that the kitchen was closed till 4pm. The one main waitress handling new tables had an attitude serving us and messed up our bills. 
Thankfully the food was quite delicious so that gets 4.5 stars, yet service was a complete mess due to staff being unorganized. If it weren't for Caleb stepping up to help, we would have left, so props to him!!The Rebellion ramen was so good with tender pieces of pork and flavorful broth.  Both empanadas, the kimchi and duck, were great, but the kimchi was better.Came in to eat a couple nights ago for the first time and really liked the space. My friend and I split the brussel sprout salad, pork belly sliders, Peking duck, and beef shank noodles. Everything was good, but the Peking duck was amazing! The duck was so tender and was surprisingly great paired with kimchi. Actually, everything that came with that dish worked really well. I would go back just for that, but probably not the other three items. If the other dished I tried had flavored like the Peking duck, this place would get 5 stars without question.
To drink, we tried a cherry blossom and the spicy grapefruit tequila drink. Both were good, but I definitely preferred the spicy "margarita" - using gochujang was a unique touch. That was followed up with some Momokawa - which is my favorite unfiltered sake.
Service was great, but it was a pretty quiet night. Our server seemed knowledgeable about the menu which is impressive given that it's a pretty unusual fusion of Asian cuisine.Enjoyed a nice lunch with the husband yesterday! We came in a little before closing, but everyone was still so welcoming. The menu was great..had many options that sound promising which makes you want to come back but not too many where it's overwhelming. Everything we had was appetizing. The scallops with the combination of seaweed salad, lemon sliver, and uni sauce made it different from your typical seared scallops. Korean sliders were perfect sized and came with delicious skinny fries (the husband is a sucker for crispy fries). And the pork belly entree was perfectly seasoned and topped with plump fried oysters. Will definitely see me again!We hosted a private event for 35 people in the front bar area. The owner was a pleasure to work with. I picked my price point and the chef designed a menu, however he was also willing to work with me to tailor it to our groups dietary needs. On the day of all of the staff was attentive and polite. The bar tender made some unique specialty cocktails that made the night more personable and memorable. All of my guests commented on how great the food and drinks were!!Not many options around the museum district, but I wouldn't recommend this one. Waited almost an hour for a salad and obviously frozen burger. Lackadaisical service. Just don't do it. They'll be closed soon anyway.Regrettably, this may be the first time Yelp let me down. 
To start with, the Bloody Mary's taste like the sauce you dip your sushi in. The soy and wasabi over powered any attempt at a traditional Bloody Mary flavor. It was so strong that neither of us had more than a couple of sips. 
One of us had shrimp and grits, and the grits were runny and once again over powered with soy sauce. 
The duck was ok, while I will give credit to the accouterments that came with it. 
To top it all off, this place is far more expensive than the $$ indicates with our charitably mediocre meal coming in at $75 for two people with a single drink each. We both walked out feeling a bit ill from all the wasabi and soy, prompting us to stop for something to settle our stomachs.
The server did a good job.I've been regularly coming to rebellion since it opened, and have seen the service steadily decline.  Today I went in and met a friend.  We sat there for 20 minutes and the bartender did not even acknowledge us.  There were only 5 other people at the bar.  He even made one woman a second round of drinks in the time we were there waiting for our order to be taken.  Then, a couple walked in and were immediately served.  At this point my friend and I left and headed to one of the many other restaurant/bars nearby.  Happy hour is precious time not meant to be wasted! If this place wants to survive in this city they are going to have to step up their game.Great food, ambience and staff. The owners came out to greet us which was very welcoming. We will definitely return. They also have a patio and an area for private parties!!!The ownership has changed so many times that the only thing that is the same is the building. I really felt the need to change my review. The food went from AMAZING to not so great. This was my favorite spot in the city until they lost their vision and best dishes. We gave them two more honest tries and walked out disappointed both times.We walked from the WWII museum and took a wrong turn and stumbled upon this restaurant/bar with an amazing happy hour. I absolutely loved their 5$ Moscow mules and their vegetable green curry was delicious. Really good duck confit empanadas too. Their bread pudding was awful and dry but the bartender ( we sat at the bar ) switched it up for us with another desert which was great. Really pretty place too which was so low key and fancy in the same time. Love it!Loved the experience.  We started off at the bar where we were chatted up by several of the bartenders and waitstaff.  Incredibly friendly.  Then we ordered dinner which included the Wagyu burger, pork belly sliders, and ramen.  All incredibly tasty.  I highly recommend the burger.  It's the best I've had in a long time, if not the best ever.  The death by chocolate was a perfect finish to the night.  We went during happy hour and got three great meals and a bottle of wine for $75.  Great deal IMO.  The place has a great vibe and they have a live band on Tuesdays starting at 6 PM along with local artisans displaying their craft.  Can't wait to go back.So delicious! Had the shrimp tempura and it was not only tasty, but a very large serving, big enough to be an entree. We went with the Rebellion burger and Curry udon noodles. Both were delicious. The spicy margarita was on point.
So food wise, A+, service wise, A++++. Super attentive server with minimal waiting.
So glad we ventured off the beaten path!I made reservations for a section by the bar the day before the saints game. I left my name and number. I called to see if everything is good and they told me someone was sitting there. The place is always dead so I didn't think I would have to call but I did anyways. I spoke to the manager and she told me a reservation wasn't guaranteed, fine. But be professional and call the number you asked for to tell me someone is sitting down 30 mins before I was supposed to come. They could've atleast sent a text. Don't lie and say you will reserve it and put a sign so no one can sit. Even if they was there for hours I could've received a notification or something!Super friendly staff. Nice mix of local beers and the bartender really took pride in his cocktails (even told me this history of Chartreuse liquor). I had the pho, which wasn't great, just okay. They were out of at least two things on their menu the night we went there. I'd say 5 stars for drinking and 3 for food.I just walked 15 blocks to get to this place, was totally looking forward to it to find out that their website is out of date. Despite saying they open for lunch on Wednesdays online, they were closed for lunch. All I got in response to me being there was a "No, no lunch".Randomly walked into this place, the food and service was great. I really loved the atmosphere as wellI've been to Rebellion two times now, and I'm sad to say that I still haven't eaten dinner here. I'd love to - the menu looks so delicious. I did have dessert here, though, which was lovely. The spicy margarita is also delicious, and the bar is well stocked. Both times I've sat in the couches in the front window - great view and comfy. The second time we came here, it was pretty late on a Saturday night, and we actually closed the place down (which sounds more bad ass than it really is). The bartender actually did a last call around 1am. No worries - it was getting late. I really do want to come back here and eat!Wound up here on a whim because our first-choice lunch spot was closed, and while we appreciated the decor and it made for a pleasant lunching atmosphere, I'm afraid we just couldn't get into the food.
ATMOSPHERE
The restaurant is decorated in a "chic warehouse" kind-of fashion, with lots of concrete, exposed joists and metal chairs. While the look is appealing, I found myself feeling cold and uncomfortable.
The large murals on the wall, of famous politicians, presidents and pop culture icons, were really the only pop of color, but appropriately so, and served as fabulous converstaion pieces.
FOOD
Rebellion boasts a menu that requires interpretation and explanation- even as a well-versed foodie, I found myself asking the waitress to explain several menu options. Finally, my date and I decided to both get the SLIDERS (BBQ RIB for me, PULLED PORK for him.)
The sliders were... interesting. While the buns were delicious and the meat was decent, the flavors accompanying them (a tangy bbq sauce on one and a wasabi cream sauce on the other) just didn't work. After exchanging bites of each other's we decided we liked the rib one better, but that's not saying much considering we didn't like the pulled pork one at all.
We also tried their SHOESTRING FRIES and their POUTINE FRIES. Their default fries were, despite some unusual flavors, quite enjoyable (but don't let them get cold!) The Poutine fries were less enjoyable: The gravy on top made them too soggy and just didn't improve upon the fries as they were.
DRINK
The offer a few stranger drink choices, including a list of unique cocktails.
Between those at our table, we ordered a  couple cocktails, a bubbly Mead drink (this was an interesting one), a glass of Rose, and a pint of good ol' Abita Amber. No complaints there.
SERVICE
We were one of only two tables, so service was fairly timely, however, I'm not sure what "rush" conditions are like.The space has kind of a cheesy feel to it, like they are trying way too hard to be trendy. The open floor plan makes things very echo-y.
The food was alright, but not that great. I got the brussel sprout salad and the Korean BBQ sliders. Both the salad and the sliders were overly sweet; sweetness was the only note i could really taste in both dishes. The brussel sprout salad was sopped in dressing that resembled pancake syrup, there was about half an inch of dressing left in the bowl when I was done. My friends ordered burgers and they looked really good, next time I will have to give that a try.
The fries were very good!I've been to this restaurant twice - one was a good experience - the second was terrible.  The first was on a Saturday night and we had great small plates, creative cocktails & good service. We just went back for restaurant week on Wednesday night and had the worst service I've experienced in years. There was a bartender who had to seat us and one waitress who was totally in over her head. There were 5 of us and we ordered 6 small plates to share. 3 came after 20 minutes and had to be delivered by the chef because the waitress was no where to be found. Another 2 small plates came out 10 minutes later and the last plate had to be asked for twice and came out 20 minutes later cold. We sat for 20 minutes with everyone on completely empty drinks, only refilled after we had to tap the waitress on the shoulder and notify her of the situation.  It's really a shame - this place needs to get it's act together and hire proper staff because the food is always fantastic and creative when it is not cold.Solid food for a good price, had the shrimp dumplings and they were great. Tried the chicken curry dish which was spot on and the rebellion ramen which was great with the soft boiled egg. Loved the noodles in the ramen. The burger looked amazing! The art work is cool and decor is nice/trendy without being off putting. Owner stopped by and was friendly and nice but not over bearing. Def a nice spot in the neighborhood!Food was good but there's not much of a selection. Drinks were good, especially chocolate martini. I wouldn't recommend it though, it was very slow and we didn't get our food for over 40 minutes.My husband and I stopped by for dinner before the Saints game for their Coolinary menu and found a new favorite spot! 
Drinks: I did the rose flight that was offered as a part of the Coolinary menu. I never drink rose, it was a chance to try something new. Each glass was different from the others and was pleasantly refreshing on a hot day.
Food: So fun! In a city where Vietnamese rules the Asian dining scene (not a complaint btw), it was great to have some Korean flavors in our dinner. Everything was original and tasty. We did the Coolinary menu of three small plates, which weren't small at all! The value for the money, even without the Coolinary deal, was fantastic. The chef even stopped by to say hello!
Service: Our waitress was the best! She was very knowledgable about absolutely everything on the menu, especially the drinks. She did a great job of steering us in the right direction on the menu and with our drinks. 
I think my favorite thing about Rebellion is the great drink menu (interesting wine list and unique cocktails) and the selection of small plates. Typically when I'm out to eat down town it's for a bite before a concert/show/game, and this is a great go-to spot for before or after events.Absolutely perfect, attentive service, delicious dumplings, and transcendent shrimp and grits!This place is an absolute hit! 
1st lets start with the layout and décor. Its HUGE!!! Lots of bar and lounge window seating...two dining rooms and an outside courtyard. It was nothing short of amazing. Not to mention the breathtaking pieces of art placed throughout the restaurant. 
The food....okay. I was already pretty excited to try this place so I kinda went for it. Ordered the pork belly ramen AND the pork belly sliders as an appetizers for the table. They both were equally amazing. The ramen broth lacked a little in flavor and the eggs weren't soft boiled so I didn't get that runny yolk I was hoping for. 
The scallop small plate (my friend ordered) he said was pretty tasty. Other ppl at the table who ordered the phat rice weren't too pleased with preparation of the dish. Said it was kind of charred. 
Our server Paul gladly replaced them with other options with no problem. He was awesome...explained the menu to us. Making sure to note some of the more popular items...as well as pointed out some items were not available because they were being revamped. 
Not much on the menu is geared to vegetarians...but items can be subsitutted to a vegetarian option by request. 
Overall I thoroughly enjoyed every bit of my experience. Looking to come back in the near future...as I read something about half of bottles of wine for happy hour :)This was such a good early dinner choice! The food was very fresh and delicious. Service was nice and respectful. Volume was appropriate and the fun artwork made dining fun.Made a reservation for a group of friends and I to celebrate before the NFC Championship game. Showed up to find a restaurant that wasn't open. No lights on inside, no workers, no nothing. 20 hours later and I still haven't heard a word from anyone (I called several times yesterday). 
We salvaged our morning, but needless to say we won't be back.