The menu is fantastic and it was hard to choose. In the end, I didn't have a huge appetite and was looking just for a small meal, so I had one sweet potato pancake and a side of scrambled eggs which set me back well under $10 which I think is amazing for a midday meal as a tourist! I love it when restaurants have ala cart menu items and I will definitely be back! Plus it was delicious....While on vacation we had just finished a Garden Tour (Free Tours by Foot - AWESOME!) and decided to take a walk on Magazine Street to check out some stores and have lunch.  With so many places to choose from we had decided on Red Dog Diner and it was a GREAT choice !  
The menu is your standards with a different twist to each item which I like in restaurants. You can tell the menu is well thought out and homemade with fresh ingredients also affordable.  The cocktails like Bloody Mary was really interesting and delicious.  
For lunch we had Duck Diablo and Tasso Shrimp and Grits.  We sat outside which was nice to do some people watching. 
Great Stop!Wow what a great experience for our party of 9. Service and food were spectacular. Everyone tried something different and not a dud in the group. I had the Patty Melt which was awesome. Everything was from scratch and totally legit. Everyone commented that it was one of our best meals in NOLA which is saying something. Thanks to the team there for a great last night in NOLA.Sweet Potato Pancakes were amazing . I didn't even need syrup ! The bacon was thick cut and delicious ! The Grits were like none I had ever had . It came out hot and fresh ! Also tried the Biscuits and Gravy with Chow Chow and Eggs . They were good . The Chow Chow was amazing . Everyone else's plates looked delicious as well . Doesn't seem like you can really go wrong here !Amazing! We had the ahi tuna crisps, meat balls and Mediterranean plate for lunch and all were top notch, fresh and perfectly seasoned.Stopped in for lunch and the service and food were awesome!! I highly recommend the Turkey sandwich.This is one my favorite places to have breakfast.  Great food and the pancakes are the bomb.Best eggs benedict I've ever had!!!   So great.  And amazing service.  I will be back for waffles next time.Enjoyed the patty melt while my fiancé got the bbq chicken pizza. Loved the shoe string fries. The pizza was good but didn't have toppings over the entire pie. We found 3 good size chicken bones on top the pizza too. The service was disappointing. We had to ask for everything we needed. I would suggest to go not at a peak time? All and all...all the food was pretty good and I'd return if I ever come back to Nola.We came here for brunch, as it was recommended by one of the artists in the neighborhood art market.  The atmosphere is very casual and cozy, and the staff is really nice.  There is patio seating in the front, outdoor seating in the back and a small dining area inside.  
I had the blue crab eggs benedict and my boyfriend has the sweet potato and bacon pancakes.  The blue crab eggs benedict were really, really good!  And it's a lot of food, which is good for sharing.  The lumps of crab meat was obvious and very succulent and delicious.  I also liked that the english muffins were soft and warm, which made it easy to cut into.  And the runny yolks from the poached eggs added to the flavor of the artichoke hearts, spinach and hollandaise sauce.  I also had a side of cajun potatoes, which were good, but was unnecessary since my meal was hearty enough.  The sweet potato pancakes with thick bacon was a large size, too.  But the maple syrup and powdered sugar was heavily layered on, making the pancakes way too sweet and not being able to taste the sweet potato flavor.  Yet the staff was happy to replace it without any syrup and sugar after my boyfriend politely complained.  
Overall, it's worth trying if you're in the area, as the crab eggs benedict were awesome, and the people are chill.My fiance and I visited New Orleans this past weekend. We decided to take a Garden District tour at 11:30, so our hunt for a delicious brunch spot close to the tour began.
Red Dog Diner was an excellent find, about a ten or so minute walk from Lafayette Cemetery where the tour started. It was small and very quaint- perhaps a little smaller and a little quainter than I would have liked, thus making it rather uncrowded (to be fair, we went on a Friday morning), but certainly beats waiting in a line out the door for a tourist trap that doesn't deliver in quality.
The food was outstanding. I ordered the huevos rancheros (pictured) and my fiancee ordered the sweet potato pancakes. I don't think either of us took a breath or even looked up at each other for the first half of the meal- we just inhaled everything. The portions were pretty large but not overwhelming, the perfect amount for a few-hour walking tour. I wish we would have eaten there for lunch or dinner, too.
The only reason I personally would knock one star off is because they didn't have any drink specials on their brunch menu, nor did the space appear to be able to accommodate for large parties since it was quite small. I'm not sure this is the place to go for a group, but for the boy and I, it was perfectly fine.One of the top 2 meals during out trip. Went in for breakfast and we were the only table there, and 1 person at the bartop. I had shrimp and grits and my husband had eggs Benedict. Ammmazing. Hot fresh and perfectly cooked. Friendly service. Go go goService sucks...Sam only cares about a table of young women. Don't know about the food because it took so long to have our order taken.Their bloody mary was one of the best I had while in New Orleans!Stopped in for lunch.  Breakfast is served until 2pm.  It was crowded, but we were seated right away.  Shrimp and grits were delicious.Had a fabulous dinner tonight with friends.  We started with the fromage plate which had a crusted Boursin atop some sort of jam, a bleu cheese tart over marinated beets and arugula, and a pimento cheese with spicy pickles.  We also had the happy hour cocktails and wine as we were working our way up to the main courses.  There were so many tempting choices for the main course, it was hard to decide.  I had the "smallish plate" crispy duck which was not very small and quite delicious.  My husband and friend each had the herb encrusted lamb, which was positively mouth watering.  And my friend's husband had the duck diabo which he raved about.  Our server was great--personable, attentive, and knowledgeable, while also unobtrusive.  I was surprised the place wasn't jam packed, given the quality of the food and the value, but I think it might have more of a reputation as a breakfast/brunch place.  I'll have to try the breakfast, but don't pass it up for dinners!!Wonderful place for brunch! We visited New Orleans for three days and the drinks here are much better than those from bars in French Quarter. I usually don't like mac and cheese but I have to say mac and cheese here changed my mind. Be sure to try a dish with crab. You won't regret.This restaurant is great. The amount of detail that went into the design is fantastic. A lot of time and love went into every detail. At first we thought it was a really small but beautiful little diner but in the back they have a big bar and dining area. If you love a cool restaurant design you will love this place. A local artist has added amazing touches throughout the restaurant that we were in love with.
The staff was very welcoming and gave great service. We felt relaxed and if we lived here would be back all the time.
Food was also great. I wish we could try breakfast and everything on their menu. Unique ideas and well executed. I'm a sucker for pimento cheese and theirs was delish! Also enjoyed the house made pickles that came with. We also tried a salad and pizza which were also amazing. Our family owns a restaurant in Los Angeles and know how hard it can be. You can tell a lot of passion and thought went into this new restaurant in the garden district.I came here for lunch with the friends that I was in town with. We had spent the morning walking around the Garden District and through the St. Louis Cemetery  no.1 on a free tours by foot. And while this wasn't one of the restaurants that our tour guide recommended, it was definitely a good one. 
When we got there, there was a bit of a wait. Per the information the hostess gave us, we understood how far we could walk around and still get buzzed. The time estimate that we were given was about right which is always nice. 
Our waiter was attentive without being intrusive. Two of us ordered our own dishes and two of us shared. I ordered deviled eggs and crab dip for my lunch. This was just the right amount of food given how hot it was outside and how not hungry I was. I wish we had come back as there were many options that I wanted to try.Love the vibe and the food. Can't go wrong with anything! Hubby gets the john smith breakfast sandwich and I try something new each time we go. So far I've enjoyed the corned beef hash the most.Discovered this place after being quoted an hour and a half wait at a competitor down the street. Really glad we stopped in. Like so many places in NOLA, something strange but welcoming awaits at every corner. This place is "doggie" themed and offers some amazing brunch items but also lunch during our visit. Sat at the bar and received excellent service. Noticed there is also a cool bar in the back that is somewhat hidden unless you know its there or use the bathroom. I would highly recommend this place to anyone in strolling down Magazine Street while in NOLA.The shrimp and grits breakfast was amazing. Their Bloody Mary was very good and the atmosphere super friendly. Would definitely recommend stopping here if you're in town.When I walked in wasn't sure I could still get breakfast.... it was 2:00 pm the server said I could do I did..... THE CORN-BEEF DISH WAS FAB... banana pudding was also insane 
STAFF WAS SUPER AWESOME 
ITS A MUST GO TO EATOur new favorite neighborhood joint.  Great food that's different but not pretentious, especially the steak wedge salad.  Great decor in the back, great service, wine on tap so it's always fresh by the glass.   It's an undiscovered gem.Sooooo good. Definitely an amazing brunch place. Would have been 5 stars but it's on the pricey side.Absolutely amazing! From start to finish, they blew it out of the park. The beautiful finishings, the lovely  waitresses and waiters, the fab menu and perfect location make this place a gem. The drink menu is eclectic and robust, I ordered a glass of rose (on tap!) and the shrimp and grits. The shrimp and grits were delicious, rich and creamy, and perfectly portioned. I tried my friends curry cauliflower omelette and wow, I will now forever be trying to recreate this dish in my own kitchen. Prices were reasonable, the wait wasn't too long and we were able to make a day out of exploring the surrounding area.I went there yesterday with my husband and it was amazing. The atmosphere was so cozy and had a great blues playing. The details of the wood on the decoration, the structure of the bar in the back and the benches gave a such great personality to the place. We got some crab and corn deep fried appetizers, eggplant stuffed shells and shrimp with fried green tomatoes. Everything was awesome! Super recommend this place! Plus, staff is very friendly! I cant wait to come back and try their breakfast/brunch.Discovered this place today. Crab and bacon dip was sooo good! Awesome. I had the duck waffles and it was good but watch out for the spicy syrup. Still feeling the burn. The server was super nice. Very upbeat! Decor is so cute. They have a dining area in the back as well so don't let the small front fool you. Plenty of room.Terrific brunch. Bloody Mary's were good and spicy. Eggs Sardo were delicious. Unfortunately,  my order was not brought out and had to cancel it. But the biscuits order and sharing my wife's order was plenty.I was very pleased with my experience at Red Dog. I sat outside and the atmosphere was very relaxed. The staff were attentive and very friendly. I ordered the prime rib sandwich with shoestring fries. Both the sandwich and fries were excellent. I would recommend this place and I anticipate dining there again.The build out is really well done and the space it utilized really well. The food was slow to come out, but honestly I have no other complaint about it. Everything was seasoned well and fresh. The Ginny Hendricks is possibly one of my most favorite cocktails I have ever had- spiked refreshing cucumber water. 
I ordered the Eggs Sardou- crabmeat was perfect and again, everything was seasoned really well. The table had tamale meatballs and shrimp toast- A plus. 
My only complaint was when someone at my table ordered a dessert to go. We ordered another round, finished our drinks, paid the check and walked outside; still no dessert. We spoke to managers and hostess after we had already asked our waitress. Eventually someone explained that they could not find it. This being said- the service was good, but the food service was a bit slow. Honestly I would wait again.  I am sure they will work out the kinks and if this is the only complaint they are doing well.This was the best restaurant I have ever been to. It's a little touch of Brooklyn in New Orleans. Best brunch ever. Everyone needs to go there now. Bye.Visited here with my family and everything was great from the food to the service. I can't even begin to explain how good their biscuits and homemade jams are. I literally could've just sat there and eaten that and been perfectly fine.
Wasn't too sure what to expect when walking in but I will be back when visiting.With a wildly creative menu, very reasonable prices and a great location, this place should be packed all the time.  I'm happy it wasn't because we were able to be seated immediately on a Saturday night.  Shared the "nosh plate" and a shrimp/blue cheese pizza, which were perfect for 2.  That was the first night--went back the second night as a group of 5 and had an eclectic collection of dishes to share:  bruschetta, margarita pizza, spaghetti with clams, eggplant shells stuffed with goat cheese, and a side order of macaroni and cheese.   Every single thing we ate on both visits was delicious, fresh, and creative.  Next time we're trying the brunch menu, which also looked fantastic.  It's right next door to Rum House so I think it must get overlooked but it's a gem of a place that has been added to my "must-hit" list on every NOLA visit!The restaurant has a wonderful atmosphere. During our wait, we went to the bar for drinks! I had the frozen mimosa and Bloody Mary! The Bloody Mary was a little different from ones I've had in the past. It has a hint of pickle taste to it but still delicious. I had the biscuits and gravy and needless to say it was superb.  Our waitress was super sweet and gave us recommendations when we asked. The food came out 20 minutes after we ordered. Definitely will be back again!They have a very extensive menu. It's great for times when picking a place to eat becomes an issue. The best dish by far that I have had is the eggs sardou. They are to die for and no you won't finish the whole dish.  They also have some outside seating so bring you sun glassesI would have given it a 5 if not for my meal. My coworkers loved their meals of chicken and salmon but unfortunately I ordered the elephant ear garlic meal that was greasy, and not fulfilling. The waiter was fantastic and the hurricanes were the best I have tasted. Great place in the garden district to eat.We were a big party of 12 but they seated us together and we had an amazing brunch here. I tried the duck waffles and deviled eggs, which was really good, and I also had a Bloody Mary, one of the best I've ever had. Anything pickled there is reallllly good. Everyone loved their food, and the service was good.That was a surprising diner, the flavors are very unique and well thought of. It's a smart and delicious menu with a little twist. The ambiance and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. My favorite was probably the duck and wafflesDrove over to Red Dog from the Northshore. Glad we did. Great food and very sweet waitress.  Pimento cheese appetizer had a light garlic flavor and was nice and creamy. The shrimp and grits with poached eggs and hollandaise was incredible.  The smoky mac-n-cheese was very flavorful. Will definitely be back.I had doubts about a new place being this good but they knocked it out of the park. Cute decor, warm professional staff and creative menu. Bourbon milk punch and the crab sardou were both excellent. I highly recommend checking it out. Friend had Huevos and Bloody Mary and she loved 'Em.I'm very happy to have this as a neighborhood restaurant, because the food here is delicious. I especially appreciate the salads, as they're so thoughtfully prepared, and I often want one as a meal for lunch. The Caesar is done straight up classic style, with an addictive dressing that hits the right balance of garlic and spice. The Duck Diablo soup with poblano polenta croutons is not to be missed; dense with meaty pieces of roasted duck, with a thick, almost stew like broth. And those polenta croutons rock. On my first visit I had the griddled drum with cabbage, pickled green tomatoes and mirliton chow-chow. This dish is a knock out, and the folks in this kitchen really know how to cook. Pizzas and sandwiches are also available, and I'm pleased and impressed by the boutique wines offered on tap. I'll be trying the breakfast menu soon. Chances are I'll be trying all of it eventually, and returning here often.I've only been for brunch, but I take everyone who comes to town for a visit here. The atmosphere is fun and the food is absolutely delicious.What a quint little hole in the wall - no really! 
Red Dog Diner/back alley is an " alley" bar - meaning the space between two buildings - turned BAR. We stopped in for a little happy hour before making our way to the airport and totally dug this place. WHY?
1) The staff is outstanding! We sat at the bar top, and was greeted by Jake (from state farm!), who was so friendly, talkative and was just plain cool. There was never a lull in conversation and he just made the entire space, so inviting and comfortable!
2) Nitrogen infused wine...on tap?! YAS! I opted for the rose' which was crisp, cool and totally refreshing!
3) Prices are KILLER on happy hour! $5 wine, $6 craft cocktails and more adorn the creative menu - making for a cheap way to catch a buzz!
4) The space is cutesy, bringing an outdoor/indoor/wooded vibe to it - perfect for parties of any size! Location is easy to find on Magazine street and located right next to The Rum House! 
I know we'll be back to NOLA, and I can't wait to come here again!We first waited for over thirty minutes only to find out they'd forgotten about us, mind you they had tables open. Then when we brought it to their attention, the host seats us in these tiny seats to the right, which is not suitable for five people. One of my buttcheecks was on the seat while the other was in the air. I told our waitress if she could move us to a bigger table, which she did, but she took her time serving us, most of the time she was talking to her friends at the bar. The pasta I had was bland, but the crap appetizer was really good so all in all I will not go back to this establishmentScrumptious food, excellent service. We had tasso shrimp and grits with poached eggs - best grits I have ever eaten, perfectly poached eggs, focaccia to soak it all up- and a big regular breakfast with eggs, bacon, biscuits, etc.  Plenty of food (almost more than I could eat) and every single thing was perfect, even a small salad added to my plate. And fantastic bloody marys.Got the crab and bacon dip and the shrimp and pancetta pasta. It was fantastic and so was the service! Sooooo impressed. Will definitely be back to try more!I'm upset that I waited until yesterday to try Red Dog Diner for the first time! Have lots of time to make up for and meals to try now. No joke, nearly everything on the menu - breakfast, lunch and dinner - sounded incredible. I had such difficulty deciding what to order. Should I get the fried quail and macaroni waffle? The poached eggs with shrimp and grits? The candied pecan Belgian waffle? A breakfast sandwich? I seriously cannot emphasize the diversity in appealing menu items enough.
I ended up getting the sweet potato pancakes with maple bacon instead. The pancakes were INCREDIBLE - fluffy, sweet, everything you could want in a pancake. The bacon was a little underwhelming - I was hoping for some of the really thick cut kind, but it was still fine. My friend ordered the "insert hipster name here" sandwich and could not stop raving about the wheat focaccia bread. We also ordered a side of hashbrowns. Those were probably our least favorite bc they had too much onion, which really overpowered the potatoes. They came in a cute skillet though, which we appreciated. 
The ambiance of Red Dog is rustic and laid back without being contrived and the servers were lovely. Our hostess Jaclyn was especially friendly! Can't wait to go back to try more of the alluring entrees, apps, desserts, and drinks!I don't see how this experience could have been any better. We walked in for a midday lunch and went to the back of the restaurant to the bar because the restaurant was packed with a 30 minute wait. The back area appears to be a space between two buildings that is sealed off from above by a plexiglass  ceiling. Boomers outstanding, we ordered the crab dip, pork tenderloin, quail and waffle, and it was all delicious. The wine on tap is a great bargain with high-quality. The service was very attentive even though the place was packed.  Lively rustic atmosphere with some traditional New Orleans food.This is my new favorite. I'm always looking for a place in town with fantastic salads, and this wins. I split a salad and a pasta dish wth my sister in law, started with the crawfish and Tasso cheesecake and left with leftovers and a happy tummy. There are so many things on their menu that look awesome, it was really tough to choose. I can't wait to go back and try something else. Oh, and they sell delicious cocktails with fun names and wine by the carafe (1/2, glass). I'm sure to settle in to a happy hour or two there very soon. Try this new place out now, before everyone else catches on that its quite the polished gem.I'm very selective about my ratings and do not often give 5 starts, but I have not one bad thing to say about this place! 
Boyfriend and I picked it randomly for breakfast based on Yelp reviews, distance from our Airbnb, and distance from the garden district area which we planned to explore. There were other places in the running, but red dog won for its seemingly rustic and less touristy vibe and somewhat better prices. 
Atmosphere and decor very cool and unique- definitely try to sit in the back area which is more so. Service was fast and friendly. 
He ordered the Tasso shrimp and grits poached eggs which was plenty big, fresh, and appealing to the eye for the price. I got the Insert Hipster Name Here breakfast sandwich which I knew would be good and figured your standard breakfast sandwich, but it completely exceeded all expectations in size, composition, and flavor. It even came with fresh fruit and their homemade (absolutely delicious!) granola, which was a nice surprise because the menu didn't say it came with anything. That one was especially worth the price!
My boyfriend stayed in LA to work and took a coworker to red dog a day later for lunch because he loved it so much too. Would absolutely recommend and go back!I LOVE everything about this place!  I was born and raised in Southern California on "Southern fried" everything because my momma is from the south.  My now 52 year old body is suffering the effects of that and I am on a mission to eat well and regain some of my health back.  That is difficult while on vacation in New Orleans...  It was recommended to us that we eat at GG's so this morning before leaving town we headed there looking forward to a delicious breakfast to keep us going on our 9 hour drive today!  We got there and they were closed.   I may never know about the food at that other place because the "Red Dog Diner" now owns my heart!  This hip Diner/Bar is just a few doors down so as we were walking to our car very disappointed we percked up quickly when we noticed people sitting and eating here! 
As we were entering we were greeted by a very sweet young lady who invited us to sit wherever we wanted to then took our drink order.  
As I was looking over the menu I read the ingredients in the Corned Beef Hash.  What stood out to me was "cabbage".  My tummy loves meat and veggies and over easy eggs!  So I had to try it!  When it was time to order I told her what I wanted asked if I could have my eggs over easy.  She smiled really sweet and said "that's how they come".  As I waited for my food I began to take in the vibe of this small but roomy well designed eatery/bar, listening to Jimmy Hendricks and Janis Joplin & thinking to myself "I feel very relaxed here."  Sipping the perfectly strong yet mellow coffee I  mentioned to husband how good it was.  Our food came and by the 3rd bite I was convinced that the chef who created this dish is a food genius and I was doing as my momma taught me... Carefully examining and tasting every bite to figure out how to make this delicious dish for myself!  This dish had just the right amount of everything!  When I first saw the portion I thought I wouldn't be able to finish it but I couldn't stop myself and because the majority of the ingredients was perfectly spiced fermented cabbage I am neither overstuffed or bloated!   They make the fermented veggies!  
There is no doubt!  We will be coming back!Great brunch very relaxed vibrant atmosphere 
The crabmeat omelet is perfect. Children and dogs welcomeI must give 5 stars to this restaurant!! Great staff, delicious food, nice decoration, excellent cocktails. 5/5We were a group of five at this local restaurant. Their breakfast menu looked too good to pass up - we had the Very Berry waffle, the eggs Sardis (with shrimp because they were out of crab), and the Tasso shrimp and grits, and the prime rib sandwich.  
Despite the crowd, service was fantastic - hats off to management for having plenty of servers.  Food was delicious in every case.I really appreciate  that everything is hand-crafted and made from scratch. The options are unique and flavorful and the setting is welcoming and comfortable. You will feel good about putting this tasty made-from-scratch food in your body. Our waitress, Tatiana, was so sweet and did a great job.Great new addition to magazine!  They are still adding to/changing their menus, but everything is wonderful so far! We didn't end up trying their wines on tap today (great variety and generous pours), but the waitress was very knowledgable and quick to provide us with relatable recommendations. My friend got the duck diablo soup and the tamale meat balls. We were bummed that they were out of the veggie chili on such a perfect fall day, but our waitress offered to substitute the duck diablo and said it could be sent back if we didn't like it. I'm a vegetarian so I didn't try her dishes but my friend said the croutons were really good and the soup was a good level of spicy. The pepper jelly paired well with the meatballs. I got the farm house salad and the shoestring fries with sage mayo. Everything was delicious and beautifully presented- we're bummed we forgot to take picture! While we were sitting outside, someone walked by with a To-go drink from another restaurant and dropped their drink top, the host was quick to run inside to grab her a replacement. Overall great food, service, and ambiance. Can't wait to come back for brunch or dinner!Everything is delicious, and you can tell the staff take pride in their work. Supergood vibe in this place.We are tourists here in Louisiana and I have to say this was my favorite restaurant on our 5 day trip. I got the Caesar salad and sausage and peppers pizza. I wanted to order just about everything on the menu. Not only was the food amazing, but so was the ambiance. A few blocks from the cemetery for all the tourists out there! Definitely worth checking out and not too expensive.This place is an absolute favorite of mine. I stumbled upon it two years ago& went back just this weekend on a girls trip! Hands down some of the best if not the best grits i've ever had& the cheddar cheese apple pie is a must! It wasn't available on St.Patricks day so we went back the day after(yes the pie is that good) & they didn't have any then. I was upset because it's just that good but they rectified it immediately & I ended up being able to show my friends how great this pie really was! Thank you for pie! I'll recommend to everyone I know going  to New Orleans.Last week after taking my grand kids to the Zoo we stopped on Magazine Street for an early dinner. Thinking we might grab some Tacos at the Rum House (best Tacos in Town), the kids couldn't find something they wanted so we went next door to the Red Dog. The kids menu was perfect for them. I had a Chicken Cobb Salad, my wife had a Turkey sandwich both of which were excellent. Since it was early it was Happy hour and beers were $2 off with a  good selection of beers on tap. In addition the place has a nice selection of wines on tap.  Our server was very helpful and attentive. Overall a good experience.Hope is one of the best bartenders we have met on this trip... Whatever she's making isn't enough.. give that girl a raise. Made the entire experience worth it... Hope is your girl in the Red Dog Diner!!!I feel like I say this a lot, but it really does take me and the boyfriend FOREVER to think of a place to go get dinner. One Saturday night, we came up with Red Dog Diner. It's been on my bookmarks on Yelp for a while and they have a big menu, so we could both get whatever we want. We've been to Rum House numerous times, but never stopped in next door before. 
It's a really cool atmosphere in there. Cooler than I thought it would be, for sure. We sat in the back dining room near the bar and ordered. We got the spinach artichoke dip which was awesome. The boyfriend got the quail burger which he loved. I got the tuna sliders which were packed with flavor. The serving sizes were huge and I had a nice little lunch the next day from my leftovers. I really think our families would like this place when they come to visit. There's a little something for everyone.Phenomenal breakfast. Great ambience. Excellent service. Vegetarian friendly. A must if you're in New Orleans.We stopped here for dinner one night during Mardi Gras. The service was fast and the food was delicious!! I had the Reuben and it was the best I've ever had!!We stopped in to the Red Dog purely by accident and I'm so glad we did! From the signature drinks, salads and entrees, our meal was delicious. We'll definitely recommend this place to any of our friends and family traveling to the Big Easy from Chicago.Dude. This place. It's good. It's like perfect good. It's like a place where you want to actually tell the waitress you'd like to speak with the chef just to tell him to keep on going. 
The atmosphere is homey homie. Feels like you're a house guest. Might be my favorite "non-New Orleans" styled restaurant. 
*first review ever (for a reason)The best breakfast I've had in a long time. So much flavor. And great presentation. The little side greens of arugula and tomatoes were absolutely yummy. That was one hell of a brisket omelet.Went back Mardi Gras day. Place was jumpin' and we really enjoyed our meal again.... then back this past Sunday, 3/6. The salad with blue cheese, currants and apples, oh my. I will be back soon just for this salad!! Crab and corn fritters, always excellent. Chicken and portabello pasta was delicious, as was the seafood bowl with rice. HOWEVER, as delicious as the red sauce was, there was way too much on the plate for the amount of rice given. We love this place and hope they take the criticism constructively: Diners can always ask for more sauce. Consider about 50% of the sauce you are currently serving, so all of the flavors of the fish and rice can be fully enjoyed without swimming in sauce. Also, we keep asking for a hard cider. Are we the only ones? Also, great to know you stay open later than 4:00 PM on Sundays. We thought we might miss out, but arrived before 4:00 only to learn you stay open later now. Might want to reprint the times on your menu so you don't lose business on Sundays.We were excited about trying Red Dog Diner because we love Rum House. We stopped in early tonight to grab an appetizer because we had plans to meet friends for dinner elsewhere. We ordered the corn & crab fritters and a cup of the veggie chili and they were both amazing. We had sat at the bar so we could see the other food coming out of the kitchen and everything looked so delicious. We knew we'd come back for sure! 
We left and waited to hear from our friends who ended up canceling for dinner and we couldn't stop thinking about how delicious all the other food looked at Red Dog.... So we decided to go back for dinner! This time we ordered the shrimp toast appetizer, the Croque Monsieur, the sausage & pepper pizza, and the banana cream pie. Everything was excellent! Our server Olivia was super warm and friendly and gave superb service. Portions are generous and prices are low! Olivia shared the breakfast menu with us at the end of our meal and even though we have plenty of food left for lunch tomorrow, we may just see her back there in the morning! The atmosphere is also fantastic, with indoor & outdoor seating and a great drink menu with beer and wine on tap! You don't want to miss this place!Beautiful decor, unique set up, warm and friendly staff (kitchen manager Lauren was so sweet) and OUTSTANDING Bloody Marys!  probably the largest bloody I've seen in my entire life.This place had a super fun atmosphere and very nice staff. The food was good, but not expected. My husband got the Croque Monsieur, which while good, was a departure from the classic.
I got the patty melt because pimento cheese. There was not enough cheese, I needed so much more. The focaccia wasn't a win for me either. The top was basically a cracker it was so thin and toasted.
Everyone who ordered bfast items seemed really happy.
I would definitely go back, but just order something I'm unaccustomed to instead.Loved this place! Literally every person in our 8 person group had a delicious dish from Benedict to veggie option to the duck waffles!! Worth the long wait! Service was great!! Bloody Mary was also very good!We went here for breakfast. Holy cow, the food here is incredible! We waited about 35 minutes for a table and there were about 6 of us. So we sat at the bar. When you first walk in, you think, this place is small. But later you find out there is more to it. The bar in the front of the house is curved and has beautifully crafted wood on it. There is a hallway that takes you to the back of the house which is just as unique and as pretty as the front of the house. I loved the back bar. You're basically in a covered outside, courtyard. Then you see the rest of the dining tables on top of a wooden deck style platform. So this is where we ate. I ordered a half liter of the Katrina drink which tasted like a sangria to me since it was so full of delicious fruit. I do wish they had drink specials bc the drinks are mighty pricey but I guess when you have such good food, you don't need to lore people in with drink specials. 
I ordered the Curry-Roasted Cauliflower and it was recommended by our awesome waitress. I LOVE this dish and I still think about it every once in a while. And funny thing is, I normally never would have ordered something like that but I trusted the waitress. It is an omlets under their humpty dumpties section. Every bite of the omlet had the perfect curry seasoned crunch of cauliflower. I inhaled this thing. All of the flavors in this dish worked so freaking well and is now one of my all time favorite meals in the city now! Great service, good, and ambience!Honestly, I'm not even surprised by the amount of food I ate in NOLA because of all these highly rated restaurants. Have to give Red Dog Diner the 5 stars because their food and service were both excellent. This was our first stop after landing and checking in our airbnb. We were SUPER hungry and this brunch place really satisfied our cravings. We had a party of 12 and they were able to seat us within 30 minutes which is really good, considering we had no reservations. 
I ordered the prime rib benedict here and it lived up to the good reviews. While the prime rib looked more like roast beef, the flavors of the gravy and egg yolk meshed really well together. My friends loved the pancakes and waffles they ordered. I also stole some of their mac and cheese and the crab dip which I loved so much. The bread was a little too salty when paired with the dip though. Definitely recommend Red Dog Diner for some good brunchin in NOLA.My favorites are the crab & bacon dip, fromage plate and mediterranean nosh plate. I love their eggplant stuffed shells, but wish it had some meat in it. Veggie Chili is a must too. Service is always pretty good. One complaint : Please get your frozen mimosa machine repaired permanently! That's definitely their best drink and half the time it's not working. .I heard this place was owned by the same individuals that own Rum House and since I like Rum House, I thought I would give it a try. I got the bbq chicken pizza which was good, but a bit too greasy for my taste. We also ordered the seared tuna salad and duck soup. Both were good but not amazing. Overall, I think it's a god place to pop into for a quick lunch or dinner.I've been here for brunch/breakfast tons of times. Not a big breakfast person but they have a huge menu always available. I've loved 95% of everything I've eaten and at least enjoyed the rest. It's fun to sit outside on Magazine Street on a nice day but in the back of the restaurant there's the nearest naturally lit area. Quirky!First time in NOLA and walked around magazine street this morning - came in on a whim and loved it SOOOO much. Breakfast was unbelievable - my rocco drink was to die for and my friend got a Bloody Mary and it was best she ever had. Must be on your list of places to go eat !!!! LOVEEEEThis is my second time here. They always have great food and drinks. Everything I have had is executed perfectly! Thanos approved!!!Loved this place! It's worth the wait if they have one. Friendly staff and food was delicious. We had the oyster appetizer it was amazing and I ordered  the crab omelette with shrimp, cream sauce and cheese and my fiancé ordered the drum and grits. Both were delicious. We wanted dessert but I'm not eating sugar at the moment. When I do we will be back to get dessert.So the service was slow and bit off putting. While waiting -- which felt like an eternity -- for our food on an unbusy Monday night, we all started to feel cold air blast over us. It was unseasonably cold outside for a Monday. Damp in the 50s. We saw a couple of women near say something to the waitress and then move their table. We waited for it to warm up and it didn't. I told the waitress it was cold and she didn't offer to do anything about it -- only suggesting that the AC might be on. I asked her to turn it off. 10 minutes or so later someone else -- a manager -- went to the wall to adjust the temp. Was was tasty, as far as I could tell, but took so long to get there we had to scarf it down to get the kids home. They were done.Wonderful and innovative eggs Benedict, corned beef hash, and one of our group had the chicken salad sandwich. Everything really good, and huge portions we probably should have shared, but didn't want to.Needed to find a lunch place. Really glad we found Red Dog. There was breakfast till 2pm or sandwiches, salads, and entrees. My white cheese pizza with arugula was exceptional. The crab balls were yummy. 
Seating in or out. We had our puppy, so we sat outside. Server brought her water. He was very friendly and helpful with helping with choices. 
The Red Dog is a keeper!I went here today with a friend for lunch. We started off with the berry tea.  So refreshing and good. I got the prime rib sandwich was amazing.  My friend got the ratatouille and she raved about it.  The only negative is the service could have been a little faster especially since we were on our work lunch hour. Looking forward to going back to try their salads.Went to the bar in the back. Awesome atmosphere and service. Potent drinks and very creative take on some classics. The ohlde fashhound was delish. They candied the orange and steep it in liquor for something like eleven days. Perfect place to wait for Rum House tacos.My family is visiting New Orleans and was looking for a place to eat in the crowded Garden District. We settled for Red Dog Diner, because it was one of the only places that wasn't packed. I ordered the Salmon and my kids got burgers and spaghetti. For 4 entrees it ran about $80. The food wasn't bad tasting, but it was a little more pricey than I thought it should be for the amount of food. Service was good, but the place is very noisy. Probably wouldn't go again, but not displeased.Awesome place! Fantastic food. People are all awesome there. Wonderful service. Great addition to Magazine street. I frequent this place. Highly recommend!Tasty and original. Nice environment and good service. The back patio looks very cool although we sat in the front window. Huevos rancheros were great! Also try the biscuits with the delicious jelly assortment.I love this place.  The food is Awesome, service is the best and a great space to hang out and eat.  They didn't have Ahi Tuna for their Tina crisp on my birthday so they made the crisp with seared salmon.  A+s to all.  Never had a bad meal and never a bad experience.Love this place!!! The food, service & atmosphere. My family came here for the first time & will definitely be back soon. Had the prime rib sandwich""Amazing" my husband had the Huevos  Ranchero . I also had the best Bloody Mary  i also love the decor of this place. Cant wait to come backI came here for brunch on a Friday. It was easy to find seating and the service was quick! Our waitress gave us suggestions on her favorite items. I had the sweet potato pancake and I am still thinking about how good it was days later. I also had the John Smith biscuit sandwich- it was delicious! Great coffee too- with the perfect strength. This was the first place we ate at in NOLA and I definitely recommend it! Great way to start our trip!Consistently delicious food. Very nice decor. I've only been for breakfast/brunch but I've never been disappointed with the food or service!  Love the fact that they open early for those bleary eyed mimosa or adderall in a cup needs.Best food we've had in New Orleans so far!  I've been to the area three different occasions and wish I had knew about this place on my first visit.
Clean, yet rustic atmosphere
Beautiful food
Most importantly, amazing and complex flavors
Helpful and friendly staffGreat food, great decor, great service.
Loved everything about our lunch experience here.  Our expectations were for average, and we were so pleasantly surprised to see a creative menu and perfect, visually appealing and palate-pleasing execution.  They were happy to accommodate my request to put the "effin' good shrimp" from another menu item onto the pasta primavera as a special request and it was FABULOUS.  
I would definitely go back the next time I'm on Magazine.Pecan crusted chicken to die for. Huge portions. Banana cream pie delicious! Great space inside and out! Great service.Walking up Magazine my hunger was getting the best of me.  When I was passing Red Dog Diner a beautiful pizza caught my eye through the window.  At that instant I knew this was were I was going to dine.  I was seated at a nice table overlooking the street and a charming young lady handed me a menu and took my drink order.  The pizza I ordered was marvelous!  Roasted beets, Brussels Sprouts, Fontina Cheese, and Spinach were featured on the perfectly fired crust.  Never one to order dessert, I could not pass up the Almond Bread Pudding with Cherries and Fresh Whipped Cream - Fabulous!It was alright. We came here for breakfast on a Saturday morning, it wasn't too terribly busy so we got in right away. The hubster got the eggs Benedict, but it was their twist on the eggs benny. It wasn't on an English muffin, but a biscuit. It was also sweet, which is not really what you would expect from an eggs Benedict (savory all the way). It turns out it was bacon jelly....Meh. I got just sunny side up eggs with hash browns (mushy potatoes), sausage, and bread. The bread was realllly good, but that's about a it. As far as the atmosphere goes, it was REALLLLLY loud, the table next to us asked if they could turn down the music just a bit but according to their waitress, she couldn't. Now I know where we are, it's loud at times. But at 9:30 AM on a Saturday at a sit down restaurant, there's no need to be blaring music and it's impossible to turn down? Hmmm.... what did save this trip was our waitress (Reese Witherspoon's twin!!!), she was incredibly sweet and kept coming to ask how we were or if she could get us anything. The drinks looked pretty good, and I haven't gone there for lunch or dinner so I can't give that a true river.Excellent Comfort Food! Everything I've tried has been fantastic from Breakfast to Dessert. My favorite drink is the Kitchen Sink Bloody Mary. Sooooooo good!My first thought was what a great use of reclaimed materials! Really an interesting looking place. However, the food wasn't all that special. My hubby ordered corned beef hash which was alright, and my warmed spinach salad was okay. The deviled eggs were good. I ordered the Bloody Mary and was surprised by the sweetness of the drink. I guess they pickle their own veggies, which is cool, but I love my Mary's spicy. We definitely left thinking there was a extra sweetness to everything that just doesn't fit our palate. The restaurant seemed a bit out of place, but I hope they do well!Have been here a couple of times for dinner.  The food is super yummy and the drinks are awesome.  Love the decor and the servers are always very nice.  Have also heard good things about brunch.  I do find the price point (especially on cocktails) to be a BIT high, but beer and wine were reasonable.Ordered sweet potato pancakes. Got burnt on the outside, way too gooey on the outside mess. We pointed this out to the waitress, who immediately got the manager to get a new plate of pancakes out and went even further and got the pancakes comped. Great service.Ordered pizza, garlic app, arrugala salad and was super happy. Good size portions,!friendly staff. Can't go wrong. Would highly recommend.While shopping on Magazine, my friend and I decided to try out this place. We knew the same people that opened Rum House owned this place, so thought it would be interesting to see their take on brunch. We were on a wait for about 15 minutes, and then seated at one of the outdoor tables. We didn't mind, because it was actually one of the nicest days (aka not hot as hell) we have had in a while. 
If I were rating on food alone, I would probably give it four stars. My friend and I split the crusted crab and eggs Sardou. I always try to get something at brunch that I couldn't make at home, and this definitely was it. It was a great portion, the crab tasted fresh, and I loved every bite. We tried to order the sweet potato pancakes, but after 20 minutes of waiting on our food, the server told us they were out. We settled for the candied pecan waffles. They were good...the pecans definitely made this dish. 
The service was on the slow side...extremely slow side. We were there for a total of 2 hours. We just ordered entrees, so this time frame is pretty insane. When noticing how long we had been there, they offered a dessert. Seeing all of the great reviews about the chocolate whoopie pie, we decided to try that. If we had known that this freebie would have us stay there an additional 30 minutes, we would have turned it down. We had to remind a manager that we had ordered it, and then it came out in seconds. 
If I go again, which I probably will, I will update this review if the service is better. I need to make sure to clear my schedule of all events on the day I go if it is anything like my first experience.Don't let the word 'Diner' confuse you. I live in the neighborhood and eat here often. The place has a wonderful selection. Tonight, I had the steak wedge salad.  It was amazing.  I will be back.Food was fantastic!  Service...not so good.  Service was slow (restaurant was not busy), I never received a soda I ordered, we ordered a beet pizza & got a beet salad.  Received the beet pizza after we had started eating everything else, didn't love it (were also pretty full since it was delayed), server took it off the bill (much appreciated).  Chicken cobb salad, chicken salad & BBQ chicken pizza were fantastic!We walked past on Saturday night and saw they were open for dinner. We decided to give Red Dog a try! 
I forgot to take a photo of the dinner menu - not all items were available. We will definitely be back when they are serving the full dinner menu. 
We settled with 2 pizzas, BBQ chicken & Roasted beetroot. I thought they were fantastic! I am low carb-ing at the moment so it was a fantastic cheat meal hehehe. The bottom of the pizzas were crispy without being burnt. Not too many ingredients on the pizzas and they had more than mozzarella cheese. I can't remember what the other cheeses were but it was delicious!   
We enjoyed a beautiful Pinot Noir from New Zealand. It was a light and fruity red. Perfect compliment to the main course. 
We treated ourselves to dessert, and shared the lemon meringue tart with blueberries. I am hopeful it was made on site, it looked as though it may of been. Very yummy. 
I was so full and happy :-)
The service was warm and friendly. Obviously everyone is still feeling their way as it is a new venue. I am sure it will soon be as popular as the rum house. 
We will be back.I found Red Dog looking for a restaurant on Yelp, and Yelp's great reviews didn't steer me wrong.  Great place, my parents and my kids both loved it.  Very good atmosphere, good food, nice vibe.Visited about a week ago and can't wait to return.  Located in a nice area with shops and other restaurants, it's a nice area to explore.  
I had the Prime Rib Benedict and it instantly became one of my favorite meals ever, and I eat a lot.  A very flavorful dish, but no one taste overpowered any other.  The eggs, meat, sauces, were all perfectly prepared and cooked and plated.  I added a seasonal fruit cup which was very fresh and tasty.  
Barring a small mishap with their waffle iron, which led to one of my companions being given a complimentary order of some of the most delicious pancakes I've ever tried, the entire experience was top notch.  
I highly recommend Red Dog to anyone and everyone...period.Everything we ordered was delicious!
1. Crab & corn fritters: kind of like a hushpuppy but sent from heaven with its friends Crab & Corn.
2. Mussel Bowl: just get it. Trust me. Totally splittable or don't share and eat it for your meal, but be prepared for mean looks.
3. Lamb Chops: wasn't sure about this one, but went with our gut and got it PLUS a side of Smoky Mac n Cheese. We don't regret it one bit. Well seasoned, great portion and the Brussels sprouts and hash went perfectly...and only $18An awesome addition to the neighborhood. Wish they had more tables! 
I appreciate their use of flavors and inventiveness in their dishes for both brunch and lunch. My one criticism would probably be the following... if you're calling yourself a diner, you NEED to lower the prices. It's priced like any of the upscale well-known places around town.Food was very good! Service was great. Atmosphere was nice. I will definitely eat here again and would recommend it to friends.Large menu with a ton of unique combinations. We had just finished a walking tour in the Garden District so we had a cold beer and shared a few dishes. We tried the fromage board, the crab + corn fritters and the Brussels sprouts side. Everything was incredible! The garlic butter spread that comes with the fritters is to die for. Reasonably priced and great food!Drinks were great! Service and food is as very slow, even though it as a low time of day. Waitress seemed surprised by us asking where our food was 45 minutes after ordering?Came here for the first time with my girlfriend and man, we made a good choice. Long story short, we left with a big smile on our face!Great place for casual dinner. The roasted beet salad and Parma Sean crusted chicken with homemade macaroni and cheese & carrots is the best!Great experience. Solid overall customer service and the food really made our first dining experience for this trip to New Orleans a positive one. Save room for dessert.Yum! From the simple turkey club to a shrimp bacon pizza. The turkey club had a side of cranberry jelly that took it from good to extreme! The pizza was not even on my husbands radar but once he took bite he was a believer.A must stop in the Garden District! My quest for the best Bloody Mary in NOLA has succumbed to the Back Alley Bar in the Red Dog Diner. The Hair of the Red Dog, dare I say, is quite possible the best Bloody Mary I've ever had?! *gasp* But seriously, if you are a connoisseur of Bloody Mary's this one is a must! It's all good in NOLA!Went for a late breakfast before the crowds hit, I had the berry waffle, delicious with its blueberry syrup, vanilla creme, strawberries and blueberries.  Perfect to start off the day.  Nice location and patio out back is comfortable.  Would be fun to stay for a couple of drinks.It so frustrates me to write this! Over the last few months this place has changed. This is the 2nd time in 2 months that we have come here and had issues. Last month the kitchen was super slow and the soup was aweful... So much so that the waitress warned us as she set it on the table that if we didn't like it let her know and she would take it off the bill.... It took 45 minutes for us to get food when we were only 1 of 4 tables that night. We wrote it off as kitchen issues, no big deal... Tonight the service was good, but the portions have decreased considerably and the quality is just not what it used to be. The drinks (vodka in 7up with lime and vodka with soda water) were flat, no bubbles.... The canebrake did not taste like canebrake... Was bitter and just weird... The French onion soup was sweet and the crouton in the middle was beyond stale.... Again this makes me sad, as we used to eat here on a weekly basis and now, I'd just rather walk a bit farther for better foodGood food, cozy environment, and seemingly a lot of hot men frequent it here. Everything we ate was delicious. If you can sit in the windows for the people watching!This place was absolutely fine, leaning toward good, but it didn't quite meet the hype. There was a huge line when we arrived but the wait ended up being much shorter than expected, so that was a bonus! The Bloody Mary's were pretty good but for my taste they were too heavy on the pickle juice. They looked amazing though! The atmosphere is fantastic- it is a really cool space and I loved the bar area. My food was meh. I got the "insert hipster name here" and it was a bit soggy and just okay. The people I was with all felt about the same- cool space, good service, but the food was only okay.Today is day two of eating here. We are addicted to the blueberry pancakes! And when I say blueberry I mean loaded with berries, blue berry butter, and a blueberry reduction/syrup. Absolutely wonderful. Got my perfectly poached egg (not many places do and definitely not done to perfection when they do it). Yesterday we overloaded ourselves unsure of the portion sizes but we were not disappointed so today we were better prepared (so we thought) for our order. Still had food left! Best money spent on breakfast yet. Hasbrowns were not what we expected/wanted ( they were diced and sautéed with onions vs. Dipped and fried how we wanted/expected *our fault for not asking*)The duck waffles and deviled eggs were amazing!!!Oh Red Dog what happened to you? 
I should preface this by saying I'm a local. I live very close and was so excited to have a fabulous breakfast place. After a rocky start they seemed to find their feet and it was solid, local and yummy food. 
Let's hope today was a hiccup. Over cooked scrambled eggs (brown they were so over cooked) , crab was still almost frozen (hello we live in Louisiana and y'all can't get fresh local crab?) the poached egg atop it was beyond over cooked again and the sweet potato pancakes so raw that only the edges were edible.
I'm SO disappointed. This place had so much potential and now serves typical tourist food that shows lack of love or care. I won't be back. Bummer.This was our last food stop on our New Orleans trip full of awesome food, and a great way to end it.  Everything was great - yummy sweet potato pancakes, great service, and they do a la carte pancakes for the kiddos if you don't want a full order of 3.  Delicious!Whenever I'm in NOLA, I try to find new places to eat. Because when're I visit I always tend to hang out around the French Quarter, I've been missing out on what else is out there. Luckily today we decided to venture outside of the French Quarter. Red Dog Diner was a great choice.
Upon arrival we were promptly greeted and seated. The decor is super cool, kinda loft-ish, garage-ish. We initially ordered the Elephant Ear Garlic, but sadly they were out (gotta try next time!), so instead we ordered the Boursin and the Tamale Meatballs. The Boursin was great, crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside. My only criticism is that the description said "peppered grape jam," which I mistook for sweet and spicy. It was just grape jam with black pepper sprinkled on top, that was a bit of a let down. The tamale meatballs were pretty good. I ordered the roasted beets pizza, which tasted great, but it doesn't make for a hearty lunch. At least not for a meat eater like me. The crust was good, seems like it was seasoned with rosemary, which really gives it a nice flavor. But again, this makes more of an appetizer for 4-6 people than an actual lunch if you're a guy who likes to eat. Friend ordered the roast beef au jus sandwich, which he says was great. Sadly we didn't get dessert, but there were some good options. 
Would definitely go back!Looks very unassuming but the food here is wonderful!  We dined for brunch this morning and ordered blueberry pancakes that we all agreed were the best ever.  They had the flavor of a glazed donut.  The crabmeat eggs Benedict was wonderful and the biscuits and gravy were fantastic.  We were all pleasantly surprised at how delicious everything was.  We'll definitely be back on our next trip to NOLA.So good! The shrimp and grits were delish, and I wish I would have gone for a Bloody Mary as well. Modern yet still very southern. Friendly staff too.Place is a lot larger then it seems from the front! It was so cute inside! The service was quick and helpful, the blueberry pancakes were outstanding the portion size is generous! The biscuits and gravy were good! Very New Orleans style gravy! Only downfall on that dish was the pickled salad thing that came with it, not tasty and definitely did not go with the dish. The Red Dog Diner mimosas were great! Half frozen tasted like sherbet! Also the drink "That B*tch called Katrina" was kinda a B*tch very strong but it was good! Would recommend as a great brunch spot for friends, family or a cute little date!One of the best meals we had while in New Orleans!!! We had a group of 8 and everyone loved there choices. Not going to go into details about the food but I will share this.... I had our money for our trip in a white envelope. Over $500 was in it. About 6-8 hrs later I went to pay for something and realized I had lost the envelope.  After thinking about where I had it last, I was kinda sure the last place a had it was at the red dog. So we called and asked for the manager and asked if it had been found. It had been. One of the staff found it and turned it in. Thank you Red Dog!!!Had the Very Berry Waffle.  Freakin awesome.  Very cool place in a great neighborhood.  Great service too with a fun atmosphere.My friends and I decided to check out this place after shopping around Magazine Street. The diner was recommended by another friend.
We ordered 'that b*tch katrina' (refreshing), effin' good shrimp pasta (effin' good), seafood paella soup (good, but REALLY salty), and crab & bacon dip (perfect). We sat outside since the weather was really nice. The service was excellent. I would come back here again just for the effin' good pasta.Very cool vibe.  Arrive early on Sundays before 10 am to avoid the line.  Sadly, the shrimp and crab sardou sounded more appetizing than it actually was.  The crab comes mixed with breadcrumbs that are rock hard & crunchy.  There wasn't any shrimp that I noticed and could barely taste the crab.  The spinach bed is nice. But again where were the artichokes??  There isn't a mimosa special.  Do try the Cough Syrup, which was boozy as promised and delish.  Serve is meh. The meal was delish, just not as advertised.I just love this place soooo much. I've been to Red Dog about 5 or 6 times already and they have been pretty consistent every time with service and food. I've been once for dinner and the rest for brunch with various amounts of people. The crab and bacon dip is amazing: creamy goodness. The seafood pasta (can't remember the exact name) is also amazing. Today we stopped in around 1pm and the hostess told us that it would be a 40 minute wait. Expected since it was a lovely Sunday afternoon in NOLA. So we took our beeper and went to a couple shops on the same block, which took like 15 minutes because they're really small shops lol. Got back and we're standing and waiting and noticed that a couple had left the front bar seating so we asked a hostess if we could sit there and we sat ourselves. (They have a full back room and an actual bar with seating in the back as well)
TIP: if you wanna skip the table waiting, keep your eyes on the bar!! Bar seating is fair game apparently. Good for a two-person party. 
The front bar seating is placed right in front of the kitchen where the food is inspected before it goes to the customers. It's amazing watching them work to accommodate a busy Sunday afternoon. Truly intriguing and enjoyable! 
Anyways, the food. We got the spinach and artichoke dip and it was piping hot but so creamy and delicious. Best spinach and artichoke in the city (favorite app so I've gotten this pretty much everywhere). Then we shared the Very Berry Waffle and the John Smith breakfast sandwich. (Brunch foods end at 2pm) the waffle was sooo good. The strawberries and blueberries were fresh and the blueberry syrup wasn't too sweet. The John Smith is also a very popular sandwich. The egg is fluffy, the bacon is CRISPY, and the tomato jam spread is sweet but goes perfectly with everything else. 
Also can't go wrong with Huevos Racheros, Tasso shrimp and grits eggs Benedict, arugula salad, crab meat sardou... and everything else...I looooooove this place. Perfect for night shifters. The orange julius mimosa is amazing. So are the crab fritters and veggie chili. Everything I've had is good.Great food and great service! Highly recommend the parmesan crusted chicken for dinner.Well worth the walk! Food was delicious and beautifully plated. Drinks were strong. Overall amazing.Everytime I come here, I try and chose something different and have loved everything so far on the menu. The service is great (well at least the one server I get everytime) and the food is super good and consistent.UH-MAY-ZING!!  We walked past this place once & thought it was a cute little coffee shop until we noticed people on the patio had beautiful plates of food.  Knowing we had to eat sooner rather than later, we decided on having brunch here.  The inside is cozy & It leads to more seating out back.  It was cold & windy out so we stayed indoors.  The 3 of us ordered 3 different cocktails so we can pass around & share them & they were tasty & STIFF drinks!  Got us warmed up quickly.  And of course, we loved the drinks so much we had to order a second round - Oh Boy!!
The food.....not a complaint.  My sister had a basic breakfast of eggs, meat & potatoes which was comforting & the eggs were "pretty".  Mom had a delicious chicken & gravy dish.  I had duck & Waffles.  I can't even explain how phenomenal this was.  The roasted duck, the crispy cracklin's. the warm, waffle, the slaw / kimchi type of accompaniment.....and of course syrup.  I would eat this every day if I could!Went on a mommy daughter breakfast date... So yummy! And our waiter was so nice!! Loved the biscuits with the different jams and butterAlthough the service was not the best, our waitress went out of her way to make the meal enjoyable. Food was fantastic, one of the best steaks I have ever had.  The drinks were great aswell, strong but not over the top.Cute little place next to the Rum house on Magazine street!   The section in the back is so adorable!  Pretty decent happy hour!  Just make sure your 'specialty cocktail' is on the list.  I made this mistake thinking it was any specialty cocktail.  Oops!  Mistake on my part considering they are listed.  Service was great!  Food was amazing!  Highly recommend !!!I would probably give this 3-1/2 stars. The restaurant itself is clean and trendy. The service was great. Our service even split our drink into two smaller glasses for us to try to see if we liked it before ordering another. (We liked it). We had That B Katrina. The food was just okay. I had the quail and waffle. It had an odd taste that left an after taste that wasn't horrible but not great. I guess it was the syrup. My husband had Parmesan crusted chicken. They were out of the roasted carrots that it comes with so he substituted Brussels sprouts. It was good, but crusted is probably not the best description.So glad to see the RDD getting such positive reviews. My husband and I strolled in here the first weekend they opened and have been going back consistently ever since. We have also been spreading the word to friends. My husband is addicted to the sausage bolognese and the reuben on carraway seeded rye foccaccia. I am partial to the wine! (Ha!) and F'N Shrimp pasta. Service is always upbeat, helpful and willing. Only complaint is when sitting inside, it always feels cold and drafty. With this comfort food, I want warmth. Friends that went sat in the back and said while there were floor heaters, they were cold their entire meal. This could be a deal breaker for some. Perhaps a couple of floor screens can be placed at the entrance to block the air and in the back as you step "inside." We always sit upfront and it is cold with the door opening and closing all the time. Otherwise, love this little find!Stopped in here the Red Dog Diner on a whim walking down Magazine St. and boy oh boy am I glad that I did.  There was so many things on the menu I saw that I wanted and I'll have to back and try more.
Ended up starting out with the smoky mac and cheese which was pretty good.  There could have been a bit more cheese for me but the flavor was good.  It had a deep homey flavor; not too smokey but just enough to make it stand out from other mac and cheeses that I have had.
I had the Chicken & Gravy sandwich and damn it was good!  It was like the best slow cooked southern chicken and gravy put on a sandwich.  The bread that it was served on was very good for it.  It had a nice crunch on the outside and the inside was good and soft to soak up all of that amazing gravy.
I really like the ambience of the diner.  It's kinda old barn style, which is right up my ally.  No white table cloths and no fancy dinner where here.Great meal and drinks at the Red Dog Diner. I had their blended coffee cocktail and it was so decadent and delicious. I also had a croque mousier: larger than life, covered in cheese, and topped with fried onions. Makes for a decadent stop but well worth it.My favorite happy hour in town and both food and drinks are delicious!
The ahi tuna crisps are amazing, but really, so is everything else.Have you ever had a dining experience so good that you literally wanted to grab passersby off the street and say, "No, really, you need to come eat in here!"  If you haven't, you need to eat at Red Dog Diner.  Red Dog has simple pleasures that are also sophisticated and tasty.  We ordered two (204oz!!!) Bloody Marys and the Elephant Ear Garlic (to share... or not) with chorizo, roasted potatoes, kalamata olives, chihuahua cheese, and (of course) GARLIC some YUMMY rosemary bread.  The Bloodys are from a homemade mix and they were ON POINT! So good. (So buzzed, too.) The Elephant Ear Garlic plate came in a piping hot cast ironskillet -- so hot, fresh, and unbelievably savory.  My wife had the duck and curried cauliflower.  This was considered a "smaller" plate, but was the perfect size after the elephant ear garlic plate.  I had the prime rib sandwich on rosemary bread with au jus and horseradish sauce (which was on the side).  While prime rib is supposed to be tender, most sandwiches seem to use prime that is a day old and tough.  Not Red Dog.  The prime rib was shaved to perfection. So tender and juicy and flavorful I really didn't need the au jus or horseradish... but I ate it anyway!  Light potato strings topped off this wonderful dish.  We enjoyed the meal and drinks so much, we made our way back later in the evening for more drinks -- the "My Drinking is Only a Problem for You, "El Rocco," and the "Olhd Fashion."  In short, if you like savory flavors, hearty food, and a fun dining experience (this place is dog themed afterall), Red Dog Diner is the place to be! We will add this to our list of "Must Eat" for our annual trips to NOLA.A little slow going at the front bar top at first, but the food and drinks made up for it. Crusted crab and egg sardou, crabby shrimp omelette, and crab and bacon dip. Completed with Ginny Hendricks and That Bitch Katrina to wet the whistle. The pink sugar stick was a sweet touch (intended). Crab was fresh and plentiful. Food was hot and came out in the amount of time it takes to appropriately prepare a meal. We would definitely return. You should swing by too. My only complaint would be to thin out the focaccia or use something else for the dip. The thickness of the focaccia took away from the flavors of the dip a bitLOVED IT...!!!
Yummy apps, really good drinks, attentive service, fun place in the Garden District.
We loved everything about it, and would go back in a heartbeat...Love this place on Magazine! Delicious Fromage Plate to share; comforting Bolognese pasta; healthy and amazing Ahi Tuna Niçoise salad. I am happy and full!Another find out in Garden District.  Breakfast sandwich and best crab eggs Benedict in the world.  Must go here for at least bfastAfter doing everything we possibly could in and around the French Quarter for 3 days, my friend made us shlep up to Magazine Street to wander around the shops. I was tired from lack of sleep and too much drinking, so I was kind of crabby. Even though we'd had beignets and coffee for breakfast at Cafe Du Monde (naturally), we were hungry for lunch. So I went to my handy Yelp app, which never disappoints and found the Red Dog Diner. O. M. G. Turns out, these were the best cocktails and best food of our entire trip!!! 
Since it was a Tuesday afternoon, the restaurant was kind of empty and the hostess led us to a table out back. Cool indoor/outdoor kind of space, quiet and chill. We were definitely the loudest people in the room :) Our fantastic server Dre (I hope that's the right way to spell it) brought us drink and food menus, and just let us be while we decided. Well first of all, that drink menu is ridiculous and we all had a really hard time making a decision. I ended up with the Ginny Hendricks, this amazing gin, cucumber, grapefruit, and lime concoction. One friend got the Little Red Dog (strawberry jam, port, vodka, and bubbles), the other got the Sofia King Good Peach Tea (gin, rum, vodka and tequila infused with house-made peach jam and rosemary). If we could have sat there and drank the entire day away, we would have been perfectly content. And those cocktails were so damn delicious and smooth, it would have been way too easy to do just that. 
But now the food... My friends and I aren't "foodies" (I hate that term anyway), but we definitely appreciate good food, and the food here is Southern classics done with a twist. We'd already done all the typical NOLA stops (Cafe Du Monde, Lüke, Mother's, Napoleon House, Carousel Bar, Jean Laffite's blah blah blah), so we'd had our fair share of what we were "supposed" to eat and drink. But this place...this place by far was the best food we'd had our entire trip, hands down. We started with the crab and corn fritters; the chive garlic butter is beyond delicious. And we shared the Driving Miss Dee -- the shrimp remoulade were plump and delicious, and the fried green tomato underneath was the outstanding. I had the Duck Waffles, 1000 times better than your typical chicken and waffles. One friend had the chicken fried quail with a mac n cheese waffle, the other had the chipotle chile glazed pork; both were equally amazing. 
Although we were more than satisfied, Dre convinced us to have another round of drinks (twist my arm!) and some dessert. Before we knew what to order (again, so hard to decide on just one!), he brought us the cherry almond bread pudding. O. M. G. This is the kind of dessert that gives you a food orgasm, no joke. I'm a pretty good baker, and this was seriously the best restaurant dessert I've had in a long, long time. The perfect balance of almond and cherry, of chewy and crispy pieces of croissant, just the right amount of custard, and a delicious cherry sauce. If I could have asked the chef for the recipe, I totally would have. 
Seriously, this place is totally worth breaking out of the French Quarter and making the trek to the Irish Channel. Can't wait to tell all my friends, so they can add it to their must-do NOLA lists!!Amazing food! This is a great lunch stop if you are in the area. Very fresh ingredients and perfectly seasoned - the curried cauliflower and the brussels sprouts side dishes were fantastic. I was super impressed and will definitely be back!In town for the Sugar Bowl and made it over for breakfast.  Definitely a great local place!It was recommended to me to try this New Orleans creation called Eggs Sardou at Tableau, but they don't have it on the menu anymore, so I yelped about it and ended up here. Now, I live in San Francisco, but I'm very southern and the worst thing you can do is give a southern girl bad iced tea. RDD did not disappoint- the tea was so good I drank about four glasses. The egg dish was beyond amazing- perfectly poached eggs with hollandaise, spinach, artichoke and bread crumb dusted crab. I am hungry again just thinking about it! I also had a biscuit with jelly which honestly was only a 3/5 but still tasty.I tried this place for breakfast based on the good reviews, but I was very disappointed.  The place was mostly empty, yet I waited 35 minutes to get my food after I ordered.  I think the waiter simply forgot about me.  Once I asked him why my food was taking so long, it miraculously appeared on a very hot plate. My hunch is that they rewarmed it in the broiler because it had gotten cold.  Waiter never apologized for the delay and never refilled my coffee cup, even when he brought my food. I had the ham and chesse omelet, and the ham was almost nonexistent.  I am accustomed to omelettes coming with potatoes and toast, but not here!  I had one 2 inch square of bread with my omelette along with a few pieces of wilted lettuce that I guess were supposed to be salad? I don't mind paying $14 for breakfast if it is a full plate.  This was overpriced and not very good.Great spot for breakfast or brunch!! One of the best bloody Mary's I have ever had.  I had the brisket omelet with a side of bacon.  My girlfriend had the crab meat Benedict and loved it.  The place is small, but they have great service.Excellent service, super clean and nice ambience.
Food was outsta2, till dessert came. Big disappointment. 
Was on our way to rum house, noticed the place and gave it a try..
Definetley worth the try, just stay away from the chocolate cake thing...or dont go with your hypercritical pastry chef girlfriend...What a wonderful breakfast at the Red Dog.  Corned beef hash was probably the best I've eaten.  Other family members were equally elated by their selections as well.  I would share the details with you but my breakfast plate had my full attention and I simply don't remember what they were so thoroughly enjoying.  
The service was excellent, the restaurant was clean as can be and the ambience perfect.  Planning on going back tomorrow before I have to head back to Chicago.  
Check this place out!  I think it is wonderful.We came here by accident as where we were going was closed ... food was delish and we will definitely be back! Charming and great service too!A great find. Lovely atmosphere and delicious food. My shrimp and prosciutto pasta was delicious with lots of big well cooked shrimp. It had just enough prosciutto to add taste without making it a salt lick (as often can be the case).We can't judge this place based on food, because we just made a quick stop here to get drinks. The drinks were decent and the service was pretty good.If this place could get 4.5 stars it would. 
I've never been here and sat outside, but was in a weird spot so it took them a second to see me. 
They proceeded to totally rock.
My waitress was not only a total sweetheart but super fast and helped me get several beverages to cure my hangover. 
Their mimosas, while a tough drink to mess up- are so delicious. I don't know if it's the champagne they use or what. 
They have stevia at the table, which I always forget to bring with me- a natural sugar substitute and scored points for me.
I read in previous reviews that the salads were small, but I ordered the farmhouse (with extra beets) and it was awesome-sized. I do wish the beets were larger and not slivers, but I am a beat addict so there's that. 
It's a little hipstery/gimmicky, but the food is obviously awesome and fresh and delicious.
You can sit outside with your dog. 
No brainer.Ashley was terrific!!! We were just walking down the street from our Air BnB and saw this place and walked in. The Brisket Hash omelet is A-amazing!  That B*tch Katrina is a bombass drink, not too sweet. We are staying  a couple of more days and might have to come back...Went for dinner our first night in NOLA at the recommendation of our traveling buddies (although they ate lunch there earlier in the day, they tagged along because the experience was so great). Food and service are excellent. The menu is really creative and includes a number of items specific to New Orleans.Absolutely love Red Dog!!! The best spot on Magazine St for brunch, lunch or dinner :)We were here for the first time for breakfast and it was great.  They know how to cook over medium eggs.  The pineapple jam is great.  We will definitely come back here again and might try lunch or dinner.This was one of our last outing in NOLA before we depart back to our homes. We were exploring Magazine Street all day and ran into this place. The servers were very friendly and super attentive.
We ordered a small pizza with sausage and peppers and an arugula salad with seared tuna add-on. Also, it was happy hour so we both got "That B*tch Katrina" drinks (given it was also our last dinner together). The food was delicious, drinks as well - not much more we can ask for! There's also a bar area that is separated from the restaurant area which is a plus! 
Water rating: five stars, our server refilled our glasses without asking!!
Food: five stars, they have a wide range of other food which is diverse enough to eat off your partner's plate if you please.
Service: five stars - no complains 
Will recommend.First time in- came in with no expect ions and WOW! Seafood chorizo bowl was amazing! And the cocktail, "my drinking is only a problem for you" was the best grown up milkshake I've had in I don't know how long! Service was great, good came fast! Can't wait to come back for breakfast!We had a lovely time stopped in for a quick drink and ended up enjoying your happy hour special. Definitely recommended stopping if you happen to be in the Garden District and doing some shopping!Happy hour!
Uber after a visit to WW 2 museum to the diner for happy hour was so worth it! We devoured 1/2 price "appetizers" and I had a the Lemon Immigrant drink which I loved! We shared the oyster bake with toasted bread, deviled eggs and our favorite Ahi Tuna Crisps.
Alexandra, our waitress was very sweet!
If you get a chance we highly recommend this place!I ordered the Eggs Sardou and it was phenomenal. The flavors are on point and the presentation is some of the best I've seen. The plates are colorful and fresh. My fiancé had the Gravlax - a deconstructed salmon toast. He really enjoyed it and I snuck a bite or two! We also got a couple bites of the biscuits (so good and crumbly!!). We were Mardi Gras'd out so didn't get the Bloody Marys-- but they looked soo good. Good job Red Dog Diner, I'll be back!My friends and I visited Red Dog Diner during a Mardi Gras evening. Despite it being a Saturday night, we were seated right away. Between everyone in the group, we ordered the parmesan crusted chicken, the tomato and oregano glazed salmon, the roasted turkey club, and the smoky mac & cheese. We also ordered a wine that was recommended by the server, and everything was delicious. Honestly the chicken and salmon dishes were one of the best meals we've ever had. Our server was great (even while accommodating a rather drunk patron). They were busy but noise level was what you would expect on a weekend. One of the best meals in New Orleans, regardless of price range!This place was a pleasant surprise!! Great seating on magazine street, wonderful for people watching. The food was delicious, though a bit pricey, it's hard to complain when your meal puts such a smile on your face. The service was also fantastic, helpful and attentive, thumbs up all around!First time ever at the Red Dog and I will never have one single complaint about this place. I love the rustic look and feel. The food speaks for itself, my party and I ordered several different dishes and anything you order will be great! I recommend this place to anyone who hasn't tried it and if you have, why aren't you here now?Loved the food here! We were seated quickly and were well taken care of. I had the sweet potato pancakes and they were amazing. I loved how they creatively included the bacon on top of the pancakes. Delish! We will definitely come back when we are visiting NOLA again.Wow!!! Amazing place...Amazing food...Amazing service!  We stumbled upon this place and had an incredible breakfast/lunch! Sat outside even though it was a bit chilly.  I had the Spinach Bacon Egg Salad and loved every bite!! My husband had the crusted crab Benedict which also was amazing!! 
Highly recommend this place!!Good food, great atmosphere, and wine that comes in kegs? Heck yes.Excellent lunch menu! The smells alone will get you in the door to your seat but the food will keep you there. Two favs of this couple are the Rat-A-tat-tat and Croque Monsieur.I stopped by here after doing a Garden District tour, and I am glad I did!  I had found this online after searching for restaurants in the area and it took me awhile to find but it was so worth the trek.  
I had the Parmesan chicken entree and man was it good!  The chicken was very flavorful and HUGE!  The portion was about the size of my full hand, and literally so much bigger than I ever thought!  (I ended up taking half of it home!)  It was served with creamy Mac and cheese underneath and these tasty cooked carrots.  
The chicken was seasoned and cooked perfectly - not too cooked but not weighed down by the flavor either.  This was one of the best chicken dinners I have ever had, and definitely one of the best meals I've had so far in New Orleans.  From their small plates to entrees they have so many great options to choose from.  
I had a hard time choosing what to eat for dinner, as everything sounded so good!  I had a cocktail, too - "That B*tch Katrina" which was also yummy.  The drink was a very generous size, and pretty strong but not overwhelming.  
I would say the atmosphere here is nicer but still casual.  It's not at all like the dingy dive bar scene in the French quarter (which I was relieved to get a break from).  I received my food and drink relatively fast and service was good.  I'm so glad I came here, and will definitely come back when I am in New Orleans again.  I highly recommend it to anyone visiting the area!First time here and wow!!! Up north needs more places like this .... unique.. great portions .. flavorful food and drinks...and the most important, amazing Service!!I came here over spring break and the food was AMAZING! They were very accommodating and even created a dish for me that was not on the menu. I loved it!Loved this place! We went on Mothers Day for brunch & found a seat right away at the back bar (40 minute wait for a table- not bad for Mother's Day brunch). 
The Bloody Mary was 24 ounces of awesome- spicy, lots of pickled garnishes. My husband had a surprisingly girly gin drink with rock candy stirrer. 
The food was some of the best we had on the whole trip. Duck waffles? Perfect! Sweet potato biscuit - something about green eggs & ham- one of the lower priced items, but tasted so great. It came with unremarkable fruit as a side. We also tried the ahi tuna crisps. They were fresh and delicious. 
Go here. It's a great addition to a day in the garden district.This was one of the best Bloody Mary's I've ever had!  Try the pimento cheese spread, fabulous and the gravlax was fantastic.  A gem of a hole in the wall, we can't wait to go back next year.We were at this restaurant last night and it was great.  Server was very friendly and accommodating.   I had a local ipa that was not bitter and reminded me of languinitas.  I had the croquet monseir and it was very tasty.  The ham mixed well with the other ingredients.   The price was not bad for NOLA.Love, love, love. 
Away from all the crazy near the Quarter. A cute and cozy sit-down place to enjoy a meal. 
We had the crab bruschetta as an appetizer. I don't eat seafood, but this stuff was TASTY. Honestly, I could have filled up on that alone. My husband got the lamb with mac & cheese and Brussels sprouts. All of the above was delicious. I'd read about their mac and wanted to try it so I stole some bites of his-- highly recommend. 
I had some type of pizza, I think it was sausage and peppers. So good!! And that crust was so soft and yummy!!
We will definitely be coming back when we return to NOLA.This is a cute little spot that opened on magazine since I moved from Nola 2 years ago. I love the wooden decor throughout. There are a few outdoor booths to sit and people watch. The service is not overly friendly but good enough. Cozy inside.
The menu looks good. My sister and I both had the vegetarian chili. It was very rich; almost like eating pasta sauce for soup. But not too bad. Just different. It comes with 2 corn muffins that didn't have much taste. Caesar salad was decent. Average and comes with a bread stick that neither of us tried.
They have wine on tap here which I love. The white was pretty good.
I will be back to try more on the menu.The bartender, Keith, was the best. He made us feel like locals even though we were visiting. He walked us through the menu and made sure we understood it all. They have an amazing happy hour of half off almost the entire drinking menu. A good place to come when you are in New Orleans. The decor is top notch. 10 out of 10, would recommend.Stumbled across this place in the Garden District.  The decor is sort of chic-barn, with old dangling electric bulbs. The music is good old fashioned blues. The menu is really broad, with breakfast, small plates, salads and killer sandwiches.  What really sets it apart is the focus on tastebuds. The salmon sliders come with an onion jelly that works perfectly.  The hummus is exceptional. I mean- how many times have you had bland hummus. This has a hint of tamarind that really makes you go "wow".  Anyway. I could go on.  But it's exceptional.To start off this is the only place we've visited twice for our five day trip in New Orleans! With all the wonderful choices we have in town, this is our farewell to New Orleans dinner. 
With that said, come in for the happy hour and stay for the wonderful service. 
You have to try the Ahi Tina Crisps and the Deviled Eggs! The drinks to try are the That Bitch Katrina and the My Drink is Only a Problem For You!! All on Happy hour from 3-6pm.  Don't forget to add avocado to you crisps!! 
Lizzy and Britt are totally awesome!! Thanks for your patience!! Lol 
Lots of love from California!!Paul at the back bar was great!  The drinks were great and we enjoyed the fries too.  Worth coming to for the atmosphere.Amazing! Wow, loved it! The hipster is a delicious plate! My gf got the prime rib and it was more delicious than we could have imagined! Highly recommend the place!All I can say is wow. Get out of the craziness of the French Quarter and while exploring the Garden District, take a walk down Magazine St and stop in here for brunch. Bloody Mary is excellent and Happy hour prices don't hurt. Eggs Sardou and Shrimp and Grits are excellent! VERY rich, but well worth it!My friend is stuck in that loop where he wants to try something new, but he loves the Seared Salmon Sliders so much that he is unable to order anything else. I sampled from his plate, I totally get it. 
Not generally a cold sandwich fan, I took a risk by ordering the Roasted Turkey Sandwich. It tasted like Thanksgiving between sliced bread and the crispy fries that accompanied this holiday-in-my-mouth were so yummy. If the restaurant fare is described as "fine comfort food" and one bite transports me to, arguably, the best time of the year (because food) then I say "Keep doing what you're doing, Red Dog!" 
I later learned that Red Dog Diner is owned by the same people who brought us The Rum House. Like Rum House there are delicious drinks and large portions. Try the orange dreamsicle frozen drink. Not sure if that's what it's called, but that's what it tastes like. 
The bartender in the back is excellent. He had great stories, great recommendations and was very attentive.No complaints. Everything was good but nothing stands out either. The part of the restaurant where we were eating was mostly empty for most of dinner, then they seated a large party right next to us. Nice to have the company of these nice guys, but it seemed strange given all the other empty tables.This food was amazing! The best meal we had in NOLA by far. I had the chicken pasta and spinach artichoke dip. It was the best dip I've had!This place has been bookmarked for months and because of the awesome reviews I've read, I decided to wait until my brother and his gf from dallas come to town to take them here. Be prepare to wait for 30 mins to an hour on the weekends and they do not take RSVP. We were sat in the back area where there was a cool bar and a enclosed patio area. We enjoyed the vibe there Our server was nice and was helpful on assisting what was good on the menu. We order the duck waffles which was so delicious. Never had anything like it before. The slaw gave it the perfect little crunch to it. The amount of syrup they put on it wasn't overbearing. We also ordered devil eggs as our appetizer and to me it was ok. My brother and his gf seemed to like it. As our entree, my bf and i shared the croque monsieur and string fries. Glad we shared it. the sandwich was pretty huge and we both couldn't finish it. My brother and is gf shared the  lump crab and egg sardou. They thought it was good and nothing was left back on the plate. Oh and i can't forget about the mac and cheese! omg it was a hit. love the smokey flavor of it. Prices on everything was reasonable except the itty cup of mimosa for $10. 
We did received our appetizer in a quick amount of time but unfortunately our entrees were not put in when it was suppose to and to be honest I didn't realized how long it was taking because we were just enjoying our time there. Our server came up to use and apologize to us for the wait on our main entrees and said their manager will take care of it. Therefore we did not have to pay for the entrees. That was very considerate of them even tho we didn't even mention anything about it taking so long. We will be back to try out other items on the menu! see ya soon red dog!