Outstanding! Easily the best food I've had on this trip and I've done quite a bit of eating my way through New Orleans. The premise and story of how the owner ended up in this location is cute. The place is quaint and has some definite New Orleans charm. The staff is courteous and did a great job.
The food was UNREAL. I had the meatball sandwich and ordered biscuits to go for my co-workers as we were in town for a work trip. The meatballs are easily in the Top 3 of the best meatballs I have ever had. WARNING: They are HUGE. And the Red Gravy??? Oh My! I wish I would have bought a side for later. I know Im going to be craving it and they are closed tomorrow as it is Tuesday.
My entire crew was literally fighting over the biscuits. I apparently was 2 short, so watching them all divide them in half and try to take seconds was kind of hysterical. Grown men fighting over biscuits. 
I am eager to come back and try the breakfast items which everyone seems to rave about in their reviews. Thank you Roseanne and staff for your true southern hospitality. We had a fabulous morning!Loved it.  I had the CBD, eggs biscuit grits and bacon.  The biscuit and grits tasted just like white gravy and everything was absolutely delicious.  My wife had the meatballs with sunny side eggs which were also pretty good.  I highly recommend the biscuits and grits and I am so glad that the ruby slipper was full.  This is a small place but was not crowded, it was half full.
Oh, and the coffee and service are excellent.This was an awesome breakfast spot!  Right across from the Sheraton.  Our server was great and pointed us in a delicious direction.  Beats the heck out of the Breakfast Buffet at the Hotel!!Nonetheless disappointed-no gluten free bread but only deserts from the local gfree bakery they proudly disclaim in one of the 3 bulky menus seriously 3? Gee I wonder if it took the same effort to order g free bread from the same gfree local bakery...? Decorations-overboard! Less is more...don't take it for granted. The place is quaint and sells "the home experience" the coffee machine that looks like an iMac - sore in the eyes-prices? Are you for real? Overpriced for a place that advertises an experience in the ad and delivers subpar. On a good note the taste of the food - phenom - fix the rest will ya?We were in town for Esssence Fest.  We came across this restaurant after leaving a nearby restaurant that had a 1.5 hour wait for breakfast.  I had scrambled eggs, pancakes, Italian sausage and orange juice.  My sister ordered scrambled eggs, applewood bacon, grits an OJ.  The eggs were extremely salty.  They tasted like they had already been seasoned in the kitchen, and then we put a little salt on top also which made for bad tasting eggs.  My pancakes were really good.  A pet peeve of mine is that they charged an automatic 18% gratuity (I'm assuming because it was Esssence Fest) to everybody. I do not like it when establishments charge an automatic gratuity no matter the size of the party.  Also something to note, they do not have any turkey products on the menu.  You are not able to substitute any of the bacon or sausage for turkey bacon or turkey sausage.  It is also a bit pricier than other establishments in the area for breakfast.  It has a cute decor and our server was great.  I would not be against returning the next time I'm in N.O.In from Kansas City, MO, looking for some comfort food. So glad we stumbled on Red Gravy. Clean restaurant, excellent service, fabulous food.I was looking for a quiet place for breakfast on a Sunday morning and found this restaurant on Yelp.  It was a quaint place with a variety of options on the menu.  I had the red gravy omelet and it was pretty good.  I wasn't quite sure what red gravy would taste like, but it was good.  There was live music being played which was pretty interesting for breakfast.The food was mediocre and the food comes out very slow, but the ambiance of the restaurant is nice.My husband and I stumbled upon this great place during our trip here in NOLA. The original place we were heading for breakfast was not open so glad we ended up here. You can tell the food is fresh. I love that they use products from local farmers and provide  farm to table organic food. It's small and quaint atmosphere. My husband and I had the red white and blue Belgian waffle. The bacon was awesome. The Italian sausage was awesome. Our server was perfect. No complaints. Would like to try something on the dinner menu.We arrived 8pm Thursday night, were quickly seated. They have a Market Salad/Market Price on menu which the waitress was totally clueless about... Big difference between Grilled Goat Cheese and Blue. My husband had to send his back. We didn't ask the price at the time...how much can a salad be? $15.00 crazy! Our entrees were good, pastas. My husbands and sons pasta were very dry so we asked for more sauce on the side. They charged us $5.00 for extra sauce. No Bueno! The owner chef was present but very tacky. Started coaching her staff in front of  us and other customers while we were still eating. She never greeted our table even though she had to walk right by us to go into the storage closet. We were not offered dessert or coffee as they had turned the closed sign over. Too bad, the food was good but VERY rough around the edges and that's a major turn off to these foodies!Food and service was great! I had uptown because I wanted to try the "red gravy" and I really enjoyed it!Great place!! Original recommended place was 1.5 hour wait... We walked and got here and an so happy we did!! Great space, decor, bar, and banjo player!! Polpettta omelette and canoli pancake for dessert (I like every meal to have dessert!!) Boyfriend and I shared both and it was delicious!!! Also a fabulous bloody (virgin) Mary!! Thank you red gravy for a first brunch in the city!!I've been wanting to come to this restaurant ever since it opened, and then finally made a trip to New Orleans this weekend. First, a review of the food, cause that's why you're reading the review. Everything I had exceeded my expectations, which are high to begin with. I started with a cup of minestrone soup. It was very flavorful, and packed with vegetables, beans, and greens. Everything was cooked to perfection and not too mushy. And the pasta spirals must have been added to the soup right before it was served because they were perfectly cooked, slightly more than al dente. Definitely a refreshing change from most minestrones which have mushy pasta. 
For my main lunch I had the Blair Parm sandwich (eggplant Parm). The eggplant was lightly breaded, fried but not greasy, and had the infamous Red Gravy gravy on top. I thought the French bread would be too much for it, but the bread just melted away in my mouth. 
The young man who greeted, seated, and served me was charming and attentive. The owner/chef came out twice during lunch to chat with the patrons. And the decor was fun, flirty New Orleans style, but not over the top. Best of all the music as well as ambient noise from the patrons was not too loud. With a packed house, I could easily carry on conversations. 
Definitely try this place out, and go back often.Wonderful place for an interesting breakfast! We had Baci di Madre (Mother's kisses), which are pancakes with pistachios, lemon zest and ricotta cheese, and the Sicilian Egg Pie, which is baked eggs on a pastry base with herbs and grated cheese. A fabulous looking drinks list, but it was a bit too early for alcohol (8:45 a.m.), even on a Saturday in New Orleans. We'll go back for lunch, which looks to be outstanding. Friendly, attentive service in a small but lovely room.I had the Lafayette special and my husband had the sloppy joe. They were both different from usual brunch items (especially the sloppy joe) but in a very good way. Freshly squeezed orange juice and pumpkin spice latte added to a great brunch.LOVE this spot. Excellent breakfast and service, could not be better. Returned twice during this trip to try more. Delicious drinks as well, had one with bourbon and chata=delicious!!Incredible restaurant! We started our brunch with a delicious egg nog coffee garnished with a candy cane. We tried two of the special- very flavorful hash and eggs and the fried green tomatoes with shrimp and sausage with a creamy tomato basil sauce. We also ordered the fried chicken and waffles. The chicken was perfectly juicy with a crispy crust and the best Belgian waffle I've had in years. Everyone at our table was so pleased with each of their orders. The atmosphere is great, as was the service. HIGHLY recommended!!Yes! Yes! Yes!
We had breakfast here, and it was fresh and delicious! After breakfast, we broke protocol to have a nice dessert of almond cake. It's never too early for cake!
We wanted to come back for the GF pasta and ravioli a but errands tied us up until they closed. We'll definitely be back. 
The owner was friendly and approached us about our needs. The server was a friendly one that made our meal pleasant.This is truly a neighborhood gem. We had a party of eight for brunch on a Sunday morning. The service was attentive but not overbearing and the food was excellent. There was a wide variety of menu options and all eight meals were highly regarded by a pretty fussy crowd.Amazing breakfast menu, delicious sandwiches and egg pies. The meatballs are a must. Great price and friendly staff. A real treat! 
Note: The sandwiches are very big so feel free to split them (i couldn't finish mine and was sad to leave it unfinished).Really enjoyed our meals here. Everyone's plates were cleaned! I had and recommend the spaghetti and meatballs. Very good with great home made noodles. The grits were very good also. Well worth a try!My daughter and I both have Celiacs so we had to find a place with GF food.  Also, hey, we're in NOLA so our expectation was that it would be delicious too.  We were ecstatic! The omelet with Italian sausage and red gravy was mouth watering!  The service was awesome too.  We are frequent visitors to New Orleans and definitely will be back.Food is excellent but everything else is HORRIBLE!  Went with a party of 12, and before we could get in the door, this RUDE guy comes outside demanding we can't come inside with our cups.  We are from NOLA, we know this, OKAY??? Can't you let us get inside and THEN ask us to toss them?  We ask for several checks before we order and that was a fiasco.  "Our credit card machine doesn't let us do that."  Really? End of the night they did spilt the check, but not without more drama! We went to celebrate a birthday and they didn't even acknowledge that. Food didn't come out all at the same time.  Our whole group loved the food but will not be returning.  There are far too many better restaurants that know a thing or two about customer service.  We are done.This is an interesting spot with some unique breakfast choices. We ordered the eggs Sicilian and eggs Florentine. Both were excellent. The eggs are baked in small dishes with cheese. A basket of biscuits had to be ordered separately, as all bread does in this place, but they were still very good. All in all a very good choice for breakfast with some unique choices. I'd recommend it over some of the more popular spots in the area without a second thought.Wonderful breakfast ,bring an appetite we ran out of time I would have loved to go back for dinnerThis place really has 3 things wrong with it.
1) the items on the menu are deliberately weird.  Chicken and waffles with roasted chicken?  Why?  Weird names for dishes?  Why?
2) there's an automatic 20% gratuity during ANY reason to go to NOLA like Mardi Gras and Jazz Fest and no doubt any other occasion they can thing of, and it applies ALL the time regardless of how busy they are.  I went there for breakfast and was LITERALLY the only table in the place.  Did they charge me +20%?  Yup. I don't get it.  The service wasn't even terrible though it definitely was +20% worth it.  It's like they don't want any tourists.
3) The place is garish, like an old cabaret that was converted by a blind decorator into a restaurant.  There's even a stage inside.  Just doesn't work.
Overall, I wouldn't go back.  Not even if the service charge went away.I kind of felt like a tourist coming to this place and standing in line bc that's all the people were standing around me. Don't get me wrong, I am definitely about the tourists, please - spend money in NOLA, we need it and we appreciate you!
I just hate waiting in line. There's so many good places to eat so I don't like to wait too long. However, that being said, this place had about 10 ppl in front of me and the line was only 15 min long.
I really wanted to come here bc I was craving chicken and waffles and it didn't disappoint. it wasn't amazing, but it was pretty frigging good and only $11. it takes 20 minutes from when you order it but would still get it. this dish at fat hen is $17. there's a chicken and waffles place but it's in the east. 
ordered the pecan praline pancakes. it was more like butterscotch and coconut pancakes, pretty friggin good. great batter. but don't expect praline. good sized, we ordered this and 3 people shared it as a side.
i'll come back in line, even if i have to wait.I thought based on the wait time this was going to be an amazing breakfast. It started off well but slowly turned into a negative experience. My eggs came and I asked for them soft scrambled with cheese and onions. They didn't give me the onions the eggs weren't quite scrambled properly and they over charged me for the cheese. 
Then the waffles and wings were just ok. The wings weren't quite cooked well for me a little red in the inside. The waffles were just ok. 
Finally they don't do any substitutions or split checks at all which makes no since in 2017. They also included a 20% tip and there were only 3 of us. Needless to say I will not be visiting this restaurant again. No happy with the server telling me sorry I don't make the rules.They have good food I won't take that away from them but the service is where they drastically need help.... And unfortunately they won't get better because the owner is the issue and she is setting the example. We waited for 45 minutes for a table and then were told that we couldn't be seated until our entire party was there ( we were missing one person, who was literally 5 minutes away).  We asked if we could be seated and have a coffee and that he was coming, she made it such a big issue and told us that everywhere in New Orleans had this rule ( we haven't been to a single restaurant yet where this has been the case ). We told her we would eat somewhere else since she wouldn't seat us, she proceed to get upset and slam the door yelling " fine then!"  She made it seem like there were no other amazing restaurants other than her own, she is drastically mistaken! Good food is not the only criteria for a good restaurant.Y'all - Roe's Breakfast has been changed. It's totally different now. There's no explanation why  Because of that, even though the food is good, and the owner's attitude doesn't warrant me going out of my way to visit. Roe's breakfast had the power to change your foodie life, even with the attitude of its creator. Its so heartbreakingly depressing it's gone! So will I. Goodbye Red Gravy!Hearing about all the food in New Orleans, I couldn't be more excited to eat everywhere. I'm so glad Red Gravy was one of them. I had a mushroom omelet with grits as a side and it was absolutely amazing. My boyfriend had the omelette with meatball, ricotta and their red gravy sauce. Best omelette I've ever tasted. As good as mine was, I was wishing I ordered his.
The service there was great. Extremely helpful with their menu and on top of it told us of other great places to eat and visit. If I ever come back to this city, I'm definitely coming back to eat here.This place was a late night find and it was yummy! It's all fresh made pasta, the even offer GF pasta which is also fresh made. Pretty much everything is from scratch and you can tell... We had four people, I had the Bolognese and it was very good. Not sure why but my serving was quite small, it was the only meal that was this way. The other three had Lasagna (HUGE and delicious), A fish dish over mashed potatoes (don't remember the name but he loved it) and the pasta dish similar to Alfredo. All was very good... The men I was with complained about the lack of protein choices and that our server didn't adequately explain the menu... I think he must have been new. But the food was good.Found this place when the wait time for Ruby Slipper was unbearable.  Cute and cozy little brunch spot.  A bit overpriced. Chicken and waffles were excellent.We were glad to find a brunch reservation here during JazzFest, and a live musician playing inside.  We enjoyed typical brunch items, though I had a particularly good shrimp and grits (said by a non-connoisseur). However, we were really surprised when the bill came that the brunch items my friends had ordered from their special menu - again, typical items - were around $20 each, $5+ more than the regular items on the menu. When the price is consistently higher, it seems like that should be more transparent.Delicious red gravy which is more like a marinara than a gravy! The omelette with meatballs and ricotta was awesome. Sicilian potatoes had delicious veggies mixed in with roasted potatoes. Intimate very Italian ambiance. Would eat here again next trip!Benedict Cordon Bleu hit the spot with a biscuit on the side..worth the wait.Neat little place for breakfast/brunch. Stumbled across it. The food was good, but not anything I couldn't make at home...but, I'm not home, I'm in NOLA, so it was good! The atmosphere was great and the staff was very friendly...which makes all the difference! Enjoyed it!We had a great breakfast at Red Gravy. I usually don't think of meatballs for breakfast but we had them and they were terrific. The sauce of course was wonderful. I also had a great omelet that was perfectly cooked. Roseann, the owner and our server were very friendly and welcoming. All in all an excellent experience.Was a great little spot that we stumbled on for breakfast. The food was amazing and the atmosphere was cozy!Being from New Jersey, I know good Italian food and stumbling upon this gem was the best experience in NOLA yet. The chef is Italian and from New Jersey so I had I expectations. The breakfast was out of this world especially the praline pancakes, a great southern styled dish and the smash balls, Italian meatballs seared on a flat iron, were out of this world. I highly recommend this place to everyone visiting the city!Terribly rude owner, lackadaisical service. Wish I got to eat there but after waiting 20 min and not getting a table for two even though multiple tables were open for lunch I walked away.  Heard food was good but won't be treated poorly multiple times when there are tons of great restaurants in the city.Small place, but the food was tasty. We were able to slip in for breakfast. Tried to go to the Ruby Slipper on Magazine St., but there was a line wrapped around the building.
Red Gravy ended up being a delightful surprise. My dad had the Sicilian egg in a puff pastry, my husband chicken and waffles, our son a kid's pancake, and I enjoyed a Garden District breakfast. Nice preserves too - blueberry/basil and strawberry/vanilla. One thing though - no substitutions. You can add on items though.Came for brunch on a Saturday around 11:45. I was seated right away in the interesting & slightly funky dining room. Great atmosphere and a totally different breakfast experience! The menu combines Italian staples like meatballs & marinara (red gravy) with baked goods, eggs, pancakes, etc. I wasn't sure if it would work but my meal was great! Service was prompt & friendly (including the owner/hostess). If you're looking for a standard breakfast under $10 this is not the place. But if you want something different, prepared & presented well and a nice atmosphere, give Red Gravy a try. I'll be coming back!Great little find. Our waiter was very attentive and helpful. We ordered a plain breakfast which was good but their gritz made it great! Buttery and flavorful! The meatball sandwich was tasty with two huge meatballs which were perfection and just the right amount of sauce to top it off. Extremely convenient to the JW Marriott.I would like to start out by saying how wonderful the food and ambience was! This restaurant was very close to our hotel and we had been wanting to try it, and I will say that we weren't not disappointed where our meal and server was concerned. 
The hostess that sat us was neither cheery nor pleasant. We were a party of seven and the restaurant is a smaller location. You could tell that she was put out at having to accommodate our large party. But our server was very friendly, helpful, and provided his honest opinion of the menu and the restaurant's background. He really was great!
However, at the end of our meal, we got the check and there was a 20% required gratuity added on to our bill! We then noticed that this is required for parties of five or more. We were not notified of this prior to seating. Our server was wonderful, so this was a nonissue, but it still left me with a bad taste in my mouth. I understand that large parties require more attention, but if the server doesn't do their job, the customer should have the right to give the amount of tip that reflects their experience. No business should force customers to pay for horrible service or reward bad employees. Again, our server was perfect, so fortunately this wasn't an issue at all. He was well worth the 20% gratuity. 
This is where the restaurant loses stars. Upon leaving the restaurant, we were all exiting but one of our party went back to the table to grab something that was left behind. He is ten years old, and we wanted to keep an eye on him. I was holding the door open so I wouldn't lose sight of him, and the hostess from earlier approached me and instructed me to close the door. I politely told her that one of our party was on their way out (he was right behind her), and she ignored me and rudely told me that the door needed to be closed. She was unpleasant when speaking to us and gave me attitude when I explained he was only a child. As soon as he was out the door, she immediately closed it in our faces. I turned around and felt as though I had been pushed out the door and was unwelcome after spending quite a bit of money. That is why this rating is so low, if she hadn't been so rude, then my experience wouldn't have been so awful. 
Despite this, the food was excellent and so was our server!I hate writing these kinds of reviews.  I am all about the food, so I will overlook a lot of bad as long as the food is worthwhile.  Well, the See You Next Tuesday that runs this place ruined a perfectly good breakfast place for us.  We had a group of 7 of us from the office in town for a conference.  We were staying at the JW Marriot, right next door.  One of the group raved about how good this place was and we were all pretty excited to grab breakfast our first morning in town.
The owner/manager went above and beyond to make the dining experience as miserable as she could.  She would not seat us together, she would not allow us to use an empty table next to us, she dripped with sarcasm and rudeness, she deliberately avoided taking our orders (people all around us were being waited on and served), and she must have sat on our order ticket because it took forever to get our food, and so forth.  
Yeah, yeah, we should have just left and not dealt with her.  Like I said, I tend to forgive a lot if the food is good.  I was assured it was good, and to her credit, everything we had was delicious.  Nevertheless, the hassles and headaches we endured forced us to explore New Orleans further for our breakfast spots, and I am so glad we did.  Shout out to Stanley!Divine!!! Let there be no mistake, red gravy and meatballs for breakfast can be a little odd - but people eat pizza and steak and eggs elsewhere! This place is so good! The Roe's breakfast is eggs your way, topped on bread with sliced meatballs and finished with red gravy. Their sides are usually grits or rosemary potatoes (never been when it's something different), and I would strongly urge the grits. Don't come visit and get the plane Jane breakfast (no offense to the CBD or garden district choices)! Try the Roe's or egg pie, the pancakes, or daily specials! The only reason for the minus star is sometimes the owner comes off as rude - they way things are handled are off setting and the great food doesn't necessarily cover that up. For example, a group of people were waiting and had starbucks with them. At least give them the courtesy of telling them that they can't bring outside beverages in (which I also acknowledge is inconsiderate) when they reserve instead of when they are being seated. They had to go back outside and finish hurriedly. Every time they wait until you are being seated to mention some quirky requirement.Twilight zone. We tried three different times to eat dinner here. They are only open thurs - sat nights. Not that this is on the window, or easily found on the website. We were flexible (on vacation, you know). So when I called at 6p and asked if they could take our party of five, they said with a reservation, not until 8p. I asked if they could take us as a walk in within 15 minutes - that would be better was the reply I got. When we arrived at 6.10p, the doors were still locked, sign said closed, and workers inside literally came to the front and turned off the lights - without even making eye contact with us through the glass. Bizarro. We decided we were trying way too hard to have dinner here. Walked back to our hotel for a sweater. On way past restaurant to another restaurant in the French Quarter, lights were back on. Twilight zone. Too many other good restaurants to deal with this. And other reviews are hilarious. I bet this owner self-combusts.This is our first time in New Orleans and the Red Gravy  was our second choice of places to eat. Not anymore it will always be our first choice.  I had the BEST gluten free lasagna I have ever had not only that I had a choice of 7 different gluten free desserts. I chose pear rum nut bundt cake which was divine.  The staff was excellent and knowledgeable about gluten I highly recommend the Red Gravy.My expectations of this place started off high with the adorable New Orleans Italian name. For those who aren't aware, New Orleanians (including Italian New Orleanians) call marinara sauce "Red Gravy."
These expectations were lowered when I called ahead to see if the restaurant could do anything special for my boyfriends birthday and I was barked at for "waiting too long to request this type of service" and "should've told them earlier." 
The wait staff is polite, yet overwhelmed. There's no hostess despite having a dire need. When our antipasti appetizer plate arrived. The server didn't describe or note the name of the meat or cheese, even though we opted to have the chef select them, making us clueless. When we inquired about them, he was unsure. 
They served the birthday guest an incorrect dish. My plate was basically a baked piece of cheese (pictured). All in all, don't waste your time.had lunch here today and split a pasta carbonna with my boyfriend. $20 is a bit high for a pasta dish plus they charged us a service fee for the split. the pasta was delicious but not enough to want to go back.  I had a mimosa and they charge $9.00 for cheap champagne and a splash of OJ. Total rip-off!  if I want to spend $60 bucks on lunch (includes tip), the Italian Barrel is better choice.Horrible experience here, first we wait 45mins on a slow Sunday, then our party of 4, (2 adults & 2 children) get passed up by two different parties of 5 due to them being able to accommodate 5 at the moment, mind you that we had our names on the wait list 20 mins before these parties even asked to be listed. This is a pathetic display of customer service.We happened on the Red Gravy because an Italian themed restaurant by a well known chef had a two hour wait.  The red gravy was wonderful.  Both of us had pasta with the red gravy and were very happy.  It is a small quiet space and just far enough away from the French Quarter to make you wonder if you are really in New Orleans.  Thanks Roseann for sharing the gravy!This is my favorite Italian restaurant. Best bread ever and their lasagna is second to none. 5 stars. Wine list expectable!!!! Don't just take my word. Take a bite of that hot home made Italian bread and you will melt. YummyWe were looking for a place to brunch. There was no waiting line at red gravy and the waitress got us started with coffee and water. 
They had mothersday specials including french toast and eggs, which was excellent.  Also, their grits are the best i ever tasted. Also thumbs up for the laid back atmosphere.I had heard some chatter on TripAdvisor about Red Gravy, but never was in the area to test it out. Recently my mom and her friend were in town for a conference and staying at the Sheraton. They suggested we try out Red Gravy for brunch on Saturday because it was across the street. I was a bit skeptical of the place before walking in, but what a good suggestion it turned out to be! The restaurant is small and only serves breakfast and lunch. It has a cute and homey décor and the staff is very friendly. You order at the counter and they call out your number when it is ready. We shared two breakfast items between the three of us and it was more than enough food. We split a variation of an Eggs Benedict served on a large toasted slice of French bread and a super large breakfast sandwich that had egg and a delicious sausage, onions, and pepper mixture. I would definitely like to stop back in and try the meatballs and red gravy. 
Overall: Friendly, cozy establishment before you get to the Quarter to pick up a good breakfast or lunch.This was hands down one of the rudest encounters of my life, and the food was just mediocre. I never write rude reviews on here, usually because even good places have bad days, but today at Red Gravy was terrible! I searched for a "kid friendly," "good for groups" place for lunch, and Red Gravy popped up. The chef was immediately rude because I had my 2, very well behaved children with me, then the waitress got an attitude because we only ordered 2 entrees for 3 people. My kids are 1 and 5, they could share. If my kids were wild, or I wasn't looking for somewhere good to eat, I would NOT have gone in. I can honestly say I will NEVER go back again!!It's a cozy little restaurant. But they give you little food to match. I ordered home fries and recieved six cubes of potatoes. The turkey consisted of two thinnly sliced pieces of turkey breast. Food is decent. But New Orleans has too much of a selection to chose this spot.I had the Sicilian Egg Pie which was very good.  My only complaint was its a little pricey for what you get.  My wife had chicken wings and waffles.  The two entrees and three cocktails came to around $75.If you are ever in town; this is a place to stop and have brunch. The service was not all that great but the food made up for that. They are too in a hurry to turn over their tables. I would suggest the omelette with meatballs. It is out of this work.Delicious and different. Large portions. Very busy so be patient. It's definitely worth the wait. Our waitress' personality definitely set the tempo. "Goovey"- Director of Fun of Tours Today, recommended this place after booking our Ghost Tour. I'm glad we listened! Definitely coming back!I went to brunch here today with some friends.  Food was good and I cannot wait to try some of the pasta dishes from their regular menu.  They only serve brunch on Saturday.  My friends complained about the service - but in my opinion the service was fine.  This place is very casual and inviting and I felt the prices were very reasonable for the quality of food received.  I had the Eggs Benedict Cordon Blu, my husband had the signature pasta and meatballs and my guests changed their minds a few times so I do not remember what they had now.  I highly recommend this place and will refer my hotel guests here too.I had what may have been the most DELICIOUS breakfast of my entire life here. Unfortunately, we heard about this place very late into our trip to NOLA, so we were only able to visit once. I will definitely make a point to swing by here again the next time I'm in town.Seriously great food.   Server was very attentive.   Food came out quickly.   They handled split checks with a smile (an unfortunate requirement of being on a business traveler).  I'll be back... and back... and back!Wow!! I got the grits with Sausage and red gravy... so good - this might be my favorite meal in NOLA. I wasn't able to switch out my garlic toast (which was great but I wasn't really gunning for it for breakfast) so I added a biscuit with some homemade preserves - I wish I could remember which one (yes, there are OPTONS!) but I think it was vanilla, honey and orange... dear lord was it yum. Our waitress had made it! She was wonderful, too. GO HERE!!!!Stopped in for brunch on a lark. Everything we had was good, but Santa's Breakfast was bomb! Great service, atmosphere and food.If you follow any special diet, be prepared, as they don't allow substitutions. (While I'm generally okay with this in fine dining places or at places that are slammed, it is a little frustrating when the place is half full and I want to remove something from an omelet. but, that's their prerogative.)
Anyway, ordered off of the a la carte menu: 2 eggs over medium, Italian sausage, and hash browns. Bill came to about $12, so it was a little pricey for what it was, but that's also to be expected when you're cobbling something together a la carte.
The eggs were fine, as was the sausage, if a bit salty. The hash browns were not your typical crisp fare, and were instead quartered red potatoes sauteed with some bell peppers and onions. Unfortunately, they were also inedibly salty. After a few bites, I had to stop eating them and start sucking down water.
Service was prompt and efficient, and their set menu looks pretty tasty (I was regretting that I hadn't just tried their polpetta omelet). Unfortunately, I can only judge them off of my experience with their food, and, for the price and delivery of some breakfast basics, I was underwhelmed.Very small, quaint environment. Food was good but for the amount of the bill, I doubt we will return. Customer service was ok, they probably need more help but for as small as the space is, having more servers would get very crowded. We had to sit so close to the other patrons I could smell their shampoo! No private conversations here! The experience wasn't bad,  just not what I am used to.Good food with a unique twist. The service staff was great and the restaurant was cute. However the meal was on the expensive side for breakfast. ($80 for three people to have breakfast!) We were surprised to be greeted by the chef/owner and found her manner a bit sharp. Overall a nice experience but the price tag will probably keep me from returning.Went to Red Gravy last night for dinner. We were greeted immediately by a very friendly staff. Our service throughout the night was very friendly and attentive. My wife and I had the 3 course dinner. The food arrived promptly, at a nice pace and each course was excellent. Chef Ro came out and spoke to us and was very nice. All the food is hand made, organic, locally sourced pasture raised type food. You can taste the difference in the food. The desserts were amazing. The selection of Italian wines was very nice and the overall bill was very reasonable. I thoroughly recommend this restaurant. Right off Canal Street so easy to find.Visited this restaurant twice during the Essence Music Festival weekend July 2014. The first visit went well. Tasty food, awesome server who was very busy (understaffed?), but attentive. During our 2nd visit the following Monday, with a much lighter crowd, we expected about the same. Unfortunately close but no cigar. This time around the owner was decidedly busy and 
snippy. When a group of friends made their way in to gather with a group already seated, the owner refused to let them push tables and sit together in a empty section. The latecomers left. 5 tabs lost.  we also had a couple issues including being charged extra for jam to go on our biscuits. The owner might want to relax a bit and let down home hospitality be her guide or she's going to lose customers in the long term.Great stop for lunch.  The red gravy was excellent.   We ordered the meatball sandwich and added a side of the famous gravy as well as some ricotta to top it all off.  The service was friendly and accommodating.  Parking is somewhat difficult, but the food makes it worth the trouble.They were out of almost everything. Also my friends are gluten free and although they did have gluten free biscuits, the neglected to tell us they were not included in the price of the meal we ordered--they were $10 each! When we asked why we weren't notified of this, the waiter said it was on the menu; however, when he went to look, he couldn't find it written anywhere. Then the owner came over and we tried to reason with her and instead of having a conversation with us, she rudely said, "excuse me" and stormed off never to return. I understand we are college students, but just because we're young customers doesn't mean we aren't worth speaking to. It was just a mediocre plate of eggs with a biscuit. Save yourself the stress, go elsewhere.Sooooo, got back a week ago from New Orleans and while we (9 gal pals) were there, we made the most of our dining options by trying to eat somewhere new for breakfast , lunch and dinner everyday. 
Red Gravy was on our Radar for a Brunch meal. 
Very cozy, very friendly and very tasty. The words Red Gravy is often said by old school Italians.  They don't called it sauce, just so you know. So that being said, it has an Italian flair menu along with some Southern favorites like chicken and waffles. 3 of us ordered the Chicken and Waffles. Another  friend made it very clear that she was not sharing her Pasta and one meatball w/gravy, which I heard was delish! Wouldn't know because she probably would have taken a finger off had my fork attempted to dig into her bowl. No worries though. Not sure what anyone else ordered because I was concentrated on pulling away the crispy chicken skin while exposing the juices oozing from the white meat off my own dish.  Waiter was awesome and friendly. Drinks were tasty, mimosas and all!  
The place is small but it accommodated all of us at a big table. Family friendly as we saw kids eating there too. 
Will be back for sure!!!!The food was very good (rich!) and the service outstanding.  Even though the food was of high quality, it was maybe a little on the pricey side.  Still, you're looking beyond fast food (which seems blasphemous to eat in such a foodie city), it's not unreasonable compared to other restaurants in the area.Very disappointed place. Slow service and overpriced. A pasta without meat is $20 and it took 45 minutes to come. Seriously? I don't understand where the good reviews come from. They charge 20% gratuity ahead of time, so be careful not double tipping.This place is wonderful! The food is a pure treat to experience. The staff is attentive and I love the classic New York attention that the owner gives. I know I know she's from New Jersey but still! She us on the floor talking to the guests making sure everyone is happy. She is genuine and caring about your experience in the restaurant.Excellent brunch. Very friendly/attentive staff, cute ambience, and delicious food. My boyfriend got the praline pancakes, which were amazing. I had the sicilian egg pie which was also good, but I would order the pancakes next time because they were so good!Best cheese & meat board ever 
Garlic bread was to die for 
Bolognese has very homemade flavors 
Saltimboco was the best stuffed with veal, mushrooms & more. 
Very cute,  perfect for a fun casual date 
Only negative for me personally I'd love a domestic beer other than Abita ;) will be back for sureToday's Tip of the Hat goes to the happy little band of locals who run the charming Red Gravy.  Roseann, the proprietress, has a great story, and she tells it in a heartfelt letter that's published in the menu.  Summary: she followed her dream, and started this place that's a testament to her love of good food and family.  Michael, our waiter, was full of genuinely good cheer.  He gave us time.  He was welcoming, and boy oh boy did he have the goods on the food.  His culinary intel was dynamite.  And then there was Spider, a bona fide local (Central Casting could not envision a better New Orleanian) who plays his tenor guitar skillfully and just loud enough that it's a presence with you as you dine, but not overwhelming.  We heard the lilting melodies of When the Saints Go Marching In... due to the fact that the earthly Saints were playing that day.  The music was the perfect accompaniment to life and bustle.  As we left I just simply had to ask the question which I'm sure everyone was thinking but nobody had the guts to ask: why was everyone here so dang nice?  The answer was muffled by some good-natured laughs and aw shucks's.... but then the consensus was that folks were happy to be there.  And it shows.All the food was delicious, orange juice was fresh. The staff was nice and courteous. Friendly and cozy atmosphere.Funny story... My wife and I were eating breakfast and a gentleman walked in and sat down about 6 feet from us. He and the hostess engaged in conversation as he looked at the menu. My wife recognized the man and asked if i was paying attention to who it was. I grunted an affirmative as i devoured the chicken and waffles barely giving her any mind.  After we left, my wife asked me what i thought about eating breakfast next to (movie star) I had no idea what she was talking about. I was so distracted by how great the food was that i had completely ignored the famous actor sitting a few feet away. Oh well. Best waffle I've ever had!!wonderful salad that I could eat everyday of my life.  creole tomato's with shaved mozzarella, balsamic, and a pesto drenched crouton, tossed with a side of brushetta.  I'm in heaven.  fresh, delicious, and then followed by a rockin good key lime pie.  fresh too.  I'll be back.  this is a great place, the owner is over the top friendly, nice, sweet, hilarious, and giving.  wonderful, I highly recommend this for anyone in the CBD who is tired of the same old, same old.   this place is great!Arrived for breakfast and were greeted by a friendly hostess who took my cell # and said the wait was about 30 minutes and she'd call when the table was ready. There were 3 in our party. We got called in 15 minutes and when we approached the hostess stand the owner was also there and started scolding the hostess because she had only entered 2 for our party so they asked us to wait for a few more minutes as they prepared the table with another place setting. The owner was a bit over-bearing and I felt bad for the hostess.
I ordered the chicken and waffles and must say it was delicious! The strawberry/habanero preserve was my favorite! I couldn't get enough. My husband one of the specials that had soft shell crab and he enjoyed his meal. My son cleaned his plate and loved the spiced waffles. The waitress was friendly and attentive. 
The decor of the restaurant was nice. There were quirky ceramics that made it seem very homey. The banjo playing entertainment was a bit loud, but not bad. I'd definitely go again next time I'm in NO.Are you kitten me right meow? 
This little gem was amazing, what a find! Quiet, amazing food, outstanding service, and the best Bloody Mary I had all morning (in a to-go cup!). 
Get the meatballs. Better yet, get the omlette thing with the meatballs in it (forgot the name, but they'll know).I rarely leave reviews, but this place was incredible for brunch.  We both had the Chicken Little on special (fried hen, waffles and eggs) - it blew our minds - if they make this a regular menu item, I'll be back on the regular.  Decor is a bit quirky, but charming.  Also, the Bloody Mary is a must!We had an amazing brunch at red gravy! The restaurant is so cute, the owner makes all of the pottery herself. The food was delicious and exactly what we wanted. My husband got the Elvis, I got the money Christo sandwich, my mom got the skillet cake, and my brother got some sort of egg dish. Everyone was very happy with their food.Absolutely spectacular breakfast.   All farm to table with an Italian flair.   Had the meatball and red gravy omelette with ricotta and some amazing biscuits.    Also had a banjo/guitar player growling out some great blues to complete the deal.  Highly recommended.Overpriced breakfast!!! Decent breakfast but not mind blowing. It was Sunday morning, and we were headed to The Ruby Slipper but reverted to this place because the wait at The Ruby was 1+hour.  My fiancé ordered the Lou's Plate and I ordered the "special" King Cake French Toast. The food was decent, but definitely not worth the premium price tag. Come to find out, what was so "special" about the King Cake French Toast was the price!! After receiving our bill we found out it was $20 just for the French toast plate!! (Price not advertised) $20!!!!!!!!! For two pieces of bread and a sliver of King Cake. Seriously folks!!  The plate was on the small side compared to the rest of the dishes on the menu and was half the size. I had to order a side of eggs ($7.00) just to be full. Breakfast is one of the most inexpensive meals (ingredients wise) to make but here you'll pay a pretty penny. My guess is that you pay a premium for the ambience here. So my meal including coffee was $30. FOR BREAKFAST!! 
This place is getting "3 stars" from me for very specific reasons:
 1- Ambiance. It's a quaint little cafe on a New Orleans side street and the feature homemade pottery as their serving pieces. Cute. 
2- Entertainment. There was a banjo player in the corner by the bar. It was a nice dose of New Orleans flavor to have a banjo player. Maybe if you're hungover you wouldn't appreciate this as much as we did. But we liked it. 
3- Service. The waiter was attentive. He never let my cup of coffee go all the way empty.Best breakfast & service we had while we were in NOLA.  Loved it so much, we went two days in a row.   Fresh ingredients, homemade flavors... all good.Was on the way to  A place down the road but they had a long line as usual so decider to try Red Gravy. have passed by it a number of times but always closed  at times I would go by, limited hours.  fortunately I did not read the reviews on yelp.
Was treated promptly and  was politely asked if I mind waiting a minute while they clean a table.  Then she asked for my first and last name. I did think that was a little weird but she also asked for an e mail so I assumed that they have a mailing list. 
The waitress was  extremely pleasant and helpful. I had the shrimp and grits and my son had the chicken and waffles.  Food was outstanding.  Food was a little slow coming out but not enough to be bothersome. Both had bloody Mary's. skip them not bas but not worth the price in a city with so many good bloody marys.
After getting back to my house I read the reviews on the place. Sounds like a regular Jecyll and Hyde. What a difference a day makes. Our server was Erin F. would eat there again . Sounds like they don't like large parties.Pricey, but pretty good. So I had their signature dish the Red Gravy spaghetti, and was asked if I wanted a meatball. I said sure, not knowing it was a $6 meatball. The restaurant itself is small, but has a nice ambience. Service was really good, and friendly. I'll have to come back for breakfast, and update my review accordingly. The pasta was hot and was solidly good, not my favorite gravy, but still pretty good. The pasta was cooked perfectly, and the meatball was tasty. Still, I inky had this pasta and water, and with tax and tip, I was out the door at $30! I thought that was a bit much for a lunch pasta, but it being Right on Canal street, maybe that's the norm, I don't know.Fancy place, soft lighting. Avg food, high prices. More workers than necessary - a lot of milling about. 2 pancakes & a decent coffee came to $20. No wifi.This place running a dead heat for my favorite breakfast after a week exploring restaurants in New Orleans.  Italian brunch was crafted with care.  Come here if you have time to enjoy yourself..Good brunch, but in terms of ambiance and quality of the food, it is a bit overpriced.   ($11 for french toast with a few strawberries and whipped cream, but without any meat or a side.) They did have lots of interesting menu choices for brunch such as a meatballs and eggs or egg pie and everyone enjoyed their food.  We were really distracted by the music from a little speaker in the corner next to our table. It was just one of the server's ipods with a mix of indie and music with feedback, but after turning it off a few times while we were waiting for a server, they did change (I'd recommend more universally enjoyed musical genre, such a possibly some Sinatra to fit an Italian restaurant).  Overall, pretty good and they take reservations and open earlier than most breakfast/brunch places in NOLA.Well here is the dilito.  The food was amazing. I had chicken and waffles and the meatballs with gravy appetizer.  The meatballs were good but not much different the chicken and waffles was very yummy. Service was great once seated.  However, I had to stand outside 30 minutes in the cold ( when they could have let you sit inside and not freeze) and to make matters worse a table of four got in without any wait!  Because I was single and so was another gentleman we got discriminated by table size.  Unbelievable then, food is cooked to order and was a bit slow...but then friends of the owner came in and I noticed how fast their food came.  So, Yes it was good- a bit pricy I spent $25 all together but I would not stand in cold again, so they lost points for size of party discrimination and then friend discrimination :-( but food was amazing! So pick your battles :-)
** To respond to the response from the restaurant and clarify those tables were all not filled when arrived. There were two different parties of one waiting and the party of four walked right up for the table of four after both of us were waiting over 10 minutes.  There was a third party  (of two) but they got upset and left .  So regardless of term, discrimination or not, that is what occurred.Meatball was amazing. Stopped in for brunch the day after Christmas and was greeted with some complimentary cookies as well. Super generous host, and both dishes we got were very tasty. Try the meatball, it rocks!Normally when a place closes at 2, they stop seating people at 2. This place closes earlier. They should change the time they say they close before having people walk across town to eat there, assuming they are open when they say they are. We got there at 1:42 and were turned away. They were quite rude about it as well, will not be returning. It seemed like a cute place too, although service is more important than decor.Cool place! The 9th Street Philly was delicious. The Nancy was great too. Highly recommend having a Bloody Mary.Amazing food, amazing service, great atmosphere, loved this place! Went here for breakfast, our server was very attentive and helpful explaining the menu, the food was the kind that made us stop with every bite and go-wow! And they serve REAL bloody Mary's unlike the ones you can buy on the street.I just wandered into this place, as it was across the road from my hotel. I had breakfast, and the menu was full of creative dishes. Everything looked good.
I had the meatball and ricotta omelet. It was out of this world. I would never have thought fresh ricotta would work, but, boy was I wrong.
When I am in NOLA, this is now my go to place for breakfast.Had an amazing breakfast here last weekend.. def order the polpetta! The "red gravy" is actually their house marinara sauce. The polpetta is an omelet with ricotta, meatball, and red gravy. We got it with a side of their grits and it was like a creamy polenta with and italian breakfast.. it would have been an amazing meal at any time of day. We also ordered the praline pancakes, which were really good. Layered nuts and coconut. I just wish they had real maple syrup-- would have made it even better. The coffee was good and refreshed often, we had a great server. Bloody Marys looked good too.The food was good but the prices were way too high. We spent $90 on breakfast for two with one Bloody Mary each. The service however was amazing.Very delicious food and drinks!! Woke up and rolled over to get the hazelnut spiked coffee which is to die for!!  had the Picnic basket for two, yummy fruity salad and veggie frittata!!!Charming little place with a super friendly staff! I can not wait to go back. We went for Sunday morning brunch. This place must be a "best kept secret" because several other places had long waiting lines but we walked right in! We the host sat us at a table but we opted for bar seating. My husband did not care for the Bloody Mary but my Nola Niccoila iced coffee was perfect for the hot day. I was torn between the Savory Moon Pie and the Seaside Cristo stack. The super friendly, energetic bartender talked through it with me and helped me to decide on the stack. Perfect combination of savory and sweet. I do think the dish would be better without the second piece of brioche on top. The excessive bread overtakes the other elements of the dish. I removed the top piece and without it you could really enjoy the flavors of egg, ham, cheese and preserves. My husband's meatball sandwich looked phenomenal!!! And he said it was delicious!Just started working in the CBD and was looking for a lunch place. I tried Red Gravy's meatball sandwich and a side harvest salad. Everything was delicious and filling, and when I came in to pick up the food the staff was friendly and welcoming. My only complaint is that the prices were a bit much for a lunch-- $16 in total.Food delicious if they have it.
We arrived to a wait for the weekend brunch as expected. Bloody Mary's could use more spice, but otherwise good.
Chicken and waffles are the best thing that we shared. but the waitress neglected to tell us they were out of the habanero cranberry compote. It was still phenomenal.
Pumpkin pancakes! Fantastic and tste like fall season in your mouth.
The wife got the "godfather". Cured meats over bruschetta and she thorogly enjoyed it.
I got the meatballs with red gravy and a fried egg over crustini. It was really good and the meatball was seasoned well and worked well with the red gravy.
The food was great and can't wait to go back.Had lunch here..decor is descent..service is good...they have yummy Meatballs and pretty good sandwiches.. didn't get a chance to try the breakfast menu.. but will come back to experience that.I stay at the hotel right across the street from RG and walked in on a Sunday morning without a reservation and got seated right away at the bar. Wait staff was very friendly and the atmosphere had a great NOLA charm. Food came out super fast and was delicious. Highly recommend for a lovely Sunday brunch!Brunch was fantastic . I usually go to ruby slippers but a friend told me about this little place.  It's small and seems to fill up fast . Food tasted delicious and the servers were extremely friendly. I will be here again. Maybe for lunch or fin er be t time as I hear the pasta is to die for.We were staying at a hotel around the corner and saw another restaurant that was always jam packed for breakfast. We tried that place but the wait was longer than would fit our schedule. One of the people hustling time shares from the Wyndham across the street steered us to Red Gravy for breakfast. 
The dinning room had a cozy feel. It was pretty empty compared to the bustling other place. I think there may have only been two or three other occupied tables other than ours. I didn't see anything on the breakfast menu that fit my taste so the wife and I asked if we could just get pancakes and sausage. The waiter said sure and put out order in. I ordered a orange juice to drink and the wife got a witches coffee (which had a shot of patron so we expected a high price). I also ordered some biscuits. 
When the food arrived everything was ok. Two normal sized pancakes were tasty. The sausage though wasn't breakfast links or patties. It was one small Italian sausage that was butterflied. The biscuits came in a basket of three small sized biscuits. The portions were enough to satisfy but I'd have been just as satisfied by hotcakes and sausage from McDonald's. Its sad that I make that comparison because I'm sure the quality of ingredients at red gravy is far superior to McDonalds. But how much better can you make pancakes really?
Well I guess we'd have to ask Red Gravy because 2 pancakes was $11.00. Not two plates of pancakes. I mean each plate was $11.00. So we paid $22.00 for four pancakes. We each were charged $6.00 for the Italian sausage so $12. That basket of biscuits =$8.25. The witches coffee = $11.00 and the OJ =$2.75. Like I noted above, I expected the high dollar for the liquor. But I was kind of price shocked when we got our bill. $62.02 for breakfast for two. We left a good tip for the waiter bringing our tab to a whopping $74.42 for the two meals. :( it was the wife's birthday so McDonalds wasn't in the cards but we both agreed that we'd have been further ahead with Hotcakes and sausage. In fact the night before we had dinner for four at a popular Cajun restaurant over near Bourbon Street and out bill was under $100. 
I'm sad about it too because they had some dinner entrees that I wanted to go back and try. Those entrees were no more expensive than our breakfast was. I wouldn't mind spending that type of money on a good hot Italian dinner. But not on pancakes and an Italian sausage. I feel the breakfast we had was grossly over priced so we won't be heading back to try any dinner entrees there. We are only here for a short time and don't want to risk another let down. 
Overall the place is nice. I wish we would have skipped the breakfast here and came back for dinner. My suggestion would be the same to anyone reading this review. Try the place at dinner time. I think the quality of food and service will shine a lot better on their dinner menu than it does on their breakfast menu.My mistake this place closes at 2pm... Was not paying attention. Got here 1:45. Greeted with a smile sat quickly ordered quicker. I got the "Jim" good but a little pricey. Go with what others recommended. My order was not made correctly. Sent it back looks like they remade my order.. But served it on same plate. This is a big no no. Regardless service was great.. Menu looks good. I'll be back. Though next time will be 10 am or earlier. My guess this place gets crazy busy for breakfast especially weekends.Stumbled in at 11am on a Friday from my hotel around the corner. Dining room half empty, seated immediately. Ordered coffee, Ligurian shrimp and grits. 
Y'all. It was bangin. The grits were perfectly cooked, with plump shrimp, spicy sausage, a generous helping of spinach, soft potatoes and peas, which lift the dish in a lovely way. 
The chef/owner is a Jersey girl, so you'll get no-nonsense delicious food and no-nonsense service in huge portions.Amazing atmosphere and outstanding service to compliment the delicious food! Grits are amazing and meatballs with eggs for breakfast may be my new favorite. A must try when in NolaIf ruby slipper is full and you have a party of up to 4, definitely come here. Small, cozy, super cute and yummy. We had breakfast on Sunday morning. It was more like brunch. I had the CBD - two eggs, bacon, biscuit (came at room temperature, only down), and choice side (I chose potatoes). My husband had a special: poutine with fried shrimp, freaking amazing, so tasty. There was a guy with a Spanish guitar kind of thing and I can't stress enough how cute and lovely the atmosphere was. Great for intimate dates!First time at restaurant. Went for lunch on Lundy Gras.Excellent freshly made pasta was a highlight and use of available local produce was appreciated. Creole tomatoes just arrived and the menu item of fried green tomatoes with fresh creole tomatoes was very nice. Carbonara was exceptional. Also Italian wine selection was appreciated. The receptionist can be a bit brusk both over the telephone and upon arrival, which was a put off.I had the carbonara, it was delightful. The noodles are homemade. The restaurant sources ingredients from local farmers. The service was top notch. We were greeted right away and the waiters were very attentive.I was staying across the street at the Sheraton New Orleans Hotel on Canal St.
We were going to go on a Swamp Tour so wanted to find someplace close by for a quick breakfast.
We walked outside the side entrance and VOILA!, Red Gravy was right in front of us.
It was a packed house and we managed to snag the last table available right by the front door.  We just barely beat the morning rush as people starting having to wait outside for the next available table.
ordered The Alba:Sauteed mushrooms, house cured guanciale, chevre with Home fries and a Down the shore: Sweet Italian sausage, bell peppers, onions, mozzarella with a side of grits.
The service was speedy and the food was just right.  If you're staying at the hotel, pop in for a quick bite before hitting Bourbon St.Amazing! Amazing! Amazing! Live music. Great food. Friendly staff. Warm atmosphere. I recently visited and learned quickly looking a the menu that there was no kids menu. The waiter had no problem catering to my 4 year old request of one pancake with strawberries whipped cream and a glass of chocolate milk. My food was fantastic and my daughter are every single bite of her food. For anyone who has a 4 year old you know cleaning the plate doesn't happen often especially eating out. I will be returning to this little gem!I ate here 3ish years ago, so 5 stars may be a little much, but I remember being very pleased with my experience here. My teacher, friend and I waltzed in here during a lunch break on a convention we were at over at the Sheraton. The waiter was cool, the food was delicious and the atmosphere is comfortable. Sweet back story too.Wow, I didn't realize what a great combination meatballs and eggs make at breakfast! I had the Uptowner plate, which is a meatball and gravy with two eggs (I had sunny side up) and a delicious piece of garlic bread. This was a nice, protein filled meal that kept me full all day long. Portion size was just right. 
I've eaten here for lunch before and enjoyed it. Parking is a bit of a pain but if you are in the area it's worth it. Prices are reasonable and the staff and the owner are always so sweet.The food here is mediocre. The omelet I ate was okay and didn't make me jump out of my seat. I wouldn't go back again for brunch. I would try to their dinner, since most reviews dinner based reviews. Overall I wasn't that impressed with their food.Went to Red Gravy this morning with hopes to start the day on the right foot.   I wish it would have turned out that way.  
1.   The food is great.  If you get what you ordered.   
2.  The owner is pleasant.  She needs to be more involved with running the service.  If she would have asked how our meal was going, I would have been more than happy to explain the shortfalls.
3.   The service was appalling.  (Worst service my wife and I have had in years).  Waiting a half hour only to have the waiter come back again to take our order was unacceptable.  30 minutes after that we got our food, but my order was still wrong.  Finally, I had to ask for the check twice which added another 10 minutes of misery. 
Conclusion:   I would not recommend this place unless you ask for Michael to be your waiter.   He was not our server but his tables looked happy and well taken care of.  If we were comped my dish I would have considered going back, but since it was not offered I paid for my last breakfast at Red Gravy.  Sad really, it had potential.GLUTEN FREE CELIACS or PEOPLE WITH FOOD ALLERGIES DO NOT GO HERE!!!! I could see how this place has good reviews- the food was cheap and ok and the service was not bad.  HOWEVER- they will not accommodate any variations from the menu. More importantly, the owner/cook is VOLATILE.  I am very sensitive to gluten and am also soy and dairy free.  We wanted to go to Rambla for breakfast since they cook gluten free but it was closed. Red Gravy was down the street. We sat down and I asked the waitress if they could accommodate my allergies. I told her that I didn't expect to be able to eat here. She said they could cook for me but you could tell she didn't know what gluten was.  She kept focusing on the dairy allergy when my friend said "its not the dairy as much as it is the gluten she is worried about." I kept asking about the potatoes which she said were fine because they were just grilled in grease. I asked if she could make sure no flour was added to them. She said there wasn't as she has seen the cook make them. I now realize that the waitress was probably scared of the cook and didn't want to ask her. I ordered the omelet and potatoes. The meal came out with a big piece of garlic bread on top. I told the waitress that I can't even touch it or eat a crumb. She told me that the cook wouldn't make another one since she was closing the kitchen. SERIOUSLY???? How long does it take to make an omelet. I ate 1/3 of it (the part that the bread hadn't touched) because I was so hungry and didn't have an emergency granola bar on me. Usually I wouldn't even eat a bite of it. They charged me for the whole omelet. I was very surprised by this and agreed to pay for the 1/2 that I was able to eat.  The waitress went to ask the cook who came out screaming at me and disrupting the whole restaurant. She blamed me and told me that I could see on the menu that it came with garlic bread and I should have asked for it off. She also said that she had no idea that I was allergic to gluten or wheat and I should have told me waitress. THEY HAVE NO IDEA WHEN IT COMES TO FOOD ALLERGIES!!!!! They comped my omelet but still charged me for the coffee :/ I am sure it is no surprised but I was glutened.Beautiful place, tastefully decorated and intimate. This is the second time we're having brunch here. After last year's great experience we made it a point to make reservations for my birthday weekend in lovely New Orleans. The staff is great and the service is without flaw. The food... Is not from this world! Had sweet and savory menu items but I couldn't make up my mind on what I liked the most. You have to try their Grits though, I think they're the best I've ever had. Simple but amazing! The place is small and the sitting is close with the next table, so be sure to be friendly with your neighbors if they're open for a light conversation. We got great tips from other diners and found it interesting to interact this way.Great place for breakfast and don't worry about the construction near the restaurant as there is no noise! Coffee strong and plentiful! Staff is very courteous and kind! Had the Garden District with eggs any style, fantastic biscuits, fruit, and a great selection of jellies. All in all, a nice place for breakfast away from crowds!I had the carbonara with gluten free pasta. It was excellent. My husband had the meatball sandwich and said it was the best he's ever had.Portions are huge (seriously, my breakfast sandwich was a foot long) and the service is excellent. Will definitely be back.-Cozy cafe /ecletic decor ex.( witch dolls above Bar station, Creamers and half & half placed in small moh figurines. 
- Staff :very Friendly and informative about menu plus very busy at times
- Prepare to wait 30 to 45 mins outside during rush hour
- Dishes are super filling and leaves you with fat 
food belly
- did not use bathroom
- Warm romantic lighting
- Signature Pasta dishes are to die for...
Conclusion " Would gladly return for pasta"Our server Gregory was amazing !  Prompt, courteous, and funny!  We tried Lou's Breakfast, Chicken Biscuit, and the Not Breakfast Spaghetti since the regular one wasn't available. We also tried the bread with red gravy and jam beignets. Highly recommend everything, but the pancakes. They were a bit sour for our taste. Will come
Back again and again.Pleasantly surprised! It's a cute little restaurant with an awesome breakfast/brunch menu. I had the pecan waffles and added a side of the Rosemary potatoes. Absolutely awesome. My husband had the waffles and wings with habanero syrup. He said these were the best wings he's ever had!  Glad we found this placeApparently my review went into "tips" - whoops!This restaurant  owner doesn't understand that customers don't want to pay for bad food twice. Ordered special Shrimp and Grits, came out slobbered in gravy with a few shrimp . I never do this but could not consume this so i requested an omelette. No problem except owner charged me for BOTH!  Waitress apologized but owner would not reverse and refused to come to our table to discuss. I would not recommend going to a restaurant like this . NO is filled with much better places. Do not support this establishment.This was a nice little surprise for us this morning. We are from the Memphis area and had come down to New Orleans for fun with friends. We were trying to figure out a place to eat for 4 of us and a fellow yelper search yelp and found this restaurant for us to try. We walked right in and were immediately seated. The staff were very friendly and efficient. The food, OMG THE FOOD, was fantastic!it was perfectly seasoned they don't even keep salt and pepper on the table. The meatballs are so good. The grits are probably some of the best I've ever eaten. The make all their pasta. The biscuits and jam were delicious. They have unique menu items and the place was very clean. Oh, and I almost forgot, they had a guy playing a banjo while we were there. The banjo player sang too and he was great! Not too loud it just vibed well with the atmosphere there. Try it out. You won't be disappointed.By far my favorite food experience on my latest New Orleans trip. I guess after a few disappointing choices in restaurants, I was excited to find a cute little place where everything is made from scratch. I ordered the pasta melanzana, which was pasta with red sauce, ricotta, and pieces of fried eggplant (a nice textural touch to the dish).
I also ordered the bruschetta which came with a meatball. The only downfall is that it closes at 2:30 and not open for dinner.
I would definitely go back next time!!!Hands down the WORST service I have ever had at a restaurant.  I am just getting over the flu so I went there to get some soup.  They gave me a bit of attitude on getting a to-go order and said they could not do it if they were busy but would make an exception (there were only 2 other customers besides me in the place).  I said that was fine.  
When the waiter gave me my bill, I made a comment about there being an additional charge on my to-go order.  He said (with attitude) "We have always charged for to-go orders."  I said it was my first time getting a to-go order.  He threw his head back, rolled his eyes, and laughed.  Another employee grabbed him and said "don't say anything..."  I told him "I don't appreciate your attitude...."  Things went awry from there... the owner came out and said "Is everything ok?"  I asked if I could speak to her near the front of the restaurant (so I didn't have to talk about this guy in front of his face)... she said' "No, here is fine."  So I proceeded... as I'm telling her... the waiter is imitating me to the other workers literally 5 feet away from me.  I told her look at your employee that is so inappropriate.  She backed him up... they bitched more to me about how they have always charged for to-go orders... (as if that is what i was annoyed about- not the attitude of the waiter).  I could go ON AND ON.  I told them I had waited tables before and this was beyond inappropriate for them to argue with me about this and that I worked down the street and would not be returning.  The owner even asked, "Do you work with the guy that called and said he got attitude and called him (rude waiter) a F***in IDIOT??"  I said I had no clue...
TOTALLY BIZARRE.  
On top of that, the food is WAY overpriced and mediocre... my soup was disgusting to top it all off... it had a half inch of grease on the top... they said it was Italian Wedding Soup... umm no it was probably some old chicken soup they threw spinach in (check out the picture I will be posting)... last time I checked this was not Italian Wedding Soup lol.
I wish I would have had the energy to ask for a refund and leave my soup there bc It was so awful and full of grease I couldn't get a decent spoonful of anything below the layer of grease and threw it away : (
TO THE OWNER'S COMMENT:   As I said, it had zero to do with your to-go policy.  I could care less.... it was the way I was treated.  I was not rude in the least to your staff.  I never raised my voice or said anything other than I did not appreciate him making fun of me to the others in front of my face.
The fact that you are commenting on all these reviews trying to justify the bad reviews just proves you do not get the concept "The customer is always right."My first bad meal in New Orleans.  Place was recommended by a friend. I ordered the chicken and waffle special. They served me dried chicken in NOLA yaw!  Not to mention the older lady hosting was rude to a few patrons but our waiter was really nice.  Hmmm pass on this place.Great music, cool a/c, great food and atmosphere. Waitstaff was awesome and the bathrooms were the most amazing smelling (thanks to candles.) 
The food was great! The lady had he carbonara and I had the Mark, a meatball sandwich with chips. Mine was the largest meatball I've seen (3in diameter) and smothered with yummy mozzarella and red sauce. The chips seemed kettle cooked and were great too. Her carbonara was good and creamy. We also had the red sangria which was great as well. 
Excellent overall experience and can't wait to come back to New Orleans to visit again.We ate here at someone's recommendation for Brunch. My husband enjoyed the French Toast with berries and I had an Italian omelette. Everything was good, service was good.The "Red Gravy" my husband got was so good he asked for extra bread to mop up the sauce that was left! Probably the best Shrimp & Grits I've ever had and we are from New Orleans. The owner was very personable and helpful, I appreciated the personal attention from her! We will be back!!I had Lou's breakfast. The pancakes were delicious. The syrup was thick and buttery and the Italian sausage was perfect. My friend had the florentine and I wish I'd had that extra. This is a small little Italian spot full of flavor and deliciousness! Highly recommended.My mother, two young children and I just got back from eating at Red Gravy for breakfast. We were hesitant to try the breakfast dishes that were covered in red sauce but we decided to go for it. I got the omelet with Italian sausage, peppers and onions and my mom got the meatballs and eggs on crostini. They were very accommodating for my two children who can be a bit picky. 
The food was amazing. I recommend both dishes and will certainly be back. They were so yummy and the waitstaff was great. The children especially enjoyed the entertainment - a man was singing and playing the guitar!Came here for breakfast. Terrible service. Got the order wrong twice! And there were only 3 tables. Food was below average. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.Really enjoyed our breakfast at Red Gravy! Not knowing that "red gravy" (as Italian tomato sauce is known as in New Orleans), we weren't sure what to expect, but having read the Yelp reviews, I really wanted to try it. I'm a huge fan of locally owned restaurants.
My wife was tempted to break out of her standard bacon and eggs mold by the Sicilian Egg Pie (soft shirred eggs, baked in puff pastry with cheese and herbs) and I had the Lost Bread (French toast made with real French bread, cut into long wedges, making for a great presentation.) The vanilla syrup was a bonus. I also had a couple of over medium eggs and grits. The grits were AMAZING. Lots of butter and salt, and seasoned to resemble Italian Polenta including Romano cheese (a guess). They were rich and I savored every bite. These took grits to a whole 'nother level!
My very basic over medium eggs were also very tasty. Probably just slowly simmered in a ton of butter, but they were also seasoned to perfection. While my eggs must have somehow gotten lost in the kitchen, arriving after we had finished our other dishes, they were well worth the wait. Redemption is a good thing. I mean, they were "just eggs" but they were delicious.
My wife's Sicilian Egg Pie was incredible. There aren't enough adjectives to describe how amazing this dish was. 
The only thing that kept RG from getting 5 stars is that their coffee service was lacking. A Bunn coffee maker within plain sight? Come on... at least let me think you are pressing my coffee in some exotic spot behind the scenes. If they offered individual coffee presses, that would put RG over the top.
The owner stopped by for a chat (at our prompting) to answer a few questions about RG's name and her story (from the back of the menu) which earned RG an extra 1/2 star. Roseann is of Sicilian descent via New Jersey, making for a great restaurant personality amidst all the standard Cajun-oriented cafe's in NOLA.
This breakfast was worth every penny! A solid 4 1/2 stars!This was a good hole in the wall and better than most of it peers in the area.
We had the pleasure of eating here for New Years brunch.  They offered free Mimosas and cookies to celebrate with their guests.
I had Polpetta - basically an omelet with meatballs and red sauce - it was excellent. Tom had the Shrimp & Grits - even better than the Polpetta.
As noted in the some of the reviews - it is not the fastest place, but being a lazy morning, we did not mind.Food is amazing! But the hostess is extremely rude, which is so rare in this city. Definitely makes me not want to give them my money.Horrible experience!  Very long wait to look get menu and coffee.  Another v-e-r-y  l-o-n-g wait to get the food.  Received unbelievable excuses.  Behavior from owner/chef NOT appropriate for restaurant business.   As a restaurant owner, I would have fired the chef for rudeness and disrespectful behavior to the customers.  Restaurants are more than putting out good food.  It is also their attitude that provides a good dining experience.  We couldn't enjoy the food due to the treatment received.  Breakfast was not that great to justify the cost and it was cold. Staff and especially chef or owner needs to go to management school.  Waitresses spend a lot of time gabbing and not tending to the needs of the customers.  Very clear this is not a professionally run place who have the customers in mind....just your money.  For those that had good experiences....good for you!  This place is like the casinos.....you may get lucky....and then you may not.The food here is ridiculously good. Authentic Italian bursting with goodness. Am way overdue for a return visit!Some of the best shrimp and grits I've had, to be compared to all other shrimp and grits I will ever have. I think this was a brunch special, but I'm sure they have it often. The grits were creamy & were probably more cream and better than actual grits :/ but... it was amazing. The sauce was savory and had a punch of seafood flavor. The well cooked shrimp took second stage to the sauce and grits though. And that's saying a lot. The restaurant was fairly busy, but quaint and very homey. The service was great, the people nice. There was live music the afternoon we were there, which I can always appreciate. Really, there is not a bad thing I could say about my experience here.Convenient location near my hotel, but the food is wonderful! The CBD was on point! And the service was fast, friendly, and attentive. I would recommend this place to anyone!Best omelette ever!!!!! Came here twice during my four day stay to get breakfast here. Can't go wrong with the polpetta omelette... Meatball, ricotta and red gravy!! Staff was also very friendly and extremely helpful. Def worth trying.All time the best breakfast I have ever had! The praline pancakes are to die for. Was able to come right in and sit. Didn't have to wait. Will definitely be coming back here next time I visit."Red Gravy". 
When you first see this, you think "What kind of crazy strange gravy is this?"
It's not gravy. It's basically marinara sauce, but really good sauce. Stangely sweet. 
Anyways, we showed up, looking for hangover cures, and they had them. Think of your standard greasy spoon food with a southern twist. She got sausage/shrimp grits, and I got a sausage, eggs, pepper sandwich. Both were fantastic, and huge portions.  The sausage was bursting with flavor, The bread was crusty and soft, and the eggs were cooked to my liking. 
The grits were perfect, soft and slightly salty. The shrimp flavor cut through them, and made them the best part of the meal. 
The only negative I have is that their menus are out all the time. I bring this up because we went in on Saturday, which is apparently brunch time, with a special menu. If that's the case, don't put out the regular menus.This restaurant is the best kept secret in NOLA!   The brunch is crazy good.  They do serve dinner, but only after Labor Day.  Don't let the owner scare you off!  She is awesome once you get to know her.  She truly cares for her, her clients, and her atmosphere.  P.S.  Michael is the BEST waiter ever!WOW!
I hadn't expected to have these great meatballs for breakfast with my eggs.  A super marina sauce added the perfect finish to this plate.  I could eat this meal anytime of the day!  It would be a great late night meal after a evening visit in the quarter.  Maybe their hours should open at 2 am.... just a wish.  The uninspired diner décor and cramped space really keeps this place from becoming more than a hole in the wall luncheonette.Bar none, my favorite breakfast / brunch place around. Anytime a friend visits New Orleans I try to make them go here.Delicious food, while they warned us the kitchen was backed up from the lunch rush (kudos for letting us know) the food came quickly and was perfect. Would definitely come here again. Good menu, so many choices, not all seafood and pork products. Actually found many vegetarian options, made it difficult to choose.Be sure to hit this local spot for a great meal. I stop in for breakfast and was blow away by the friendly staff, owner & great food. Yumm-OMy partner and I enjoyed a wonderful breakfast at Red Gravy before boarding our cruise.  This was my first time there.   I ordered the Sicilian Egg Pie  and it was the best food I have tasted in a long long time.  We live in Austin, TX and we talk about making a weekend trip out there just to stock up on some pies !!!  My partner had been there before and always buys several jars of the red gravy to take home with us.  The staff was incredibly friendly and the service we received made us feel very at home.  
I can't imagine the staff every being rude to any customers because that is just not their nature.  As I stated this was my first time there and I am not one to just hand out "five stars" on Yelp.   
If you are looking for great food and friendly staff this is the restaurant for you.  
We will be back soon for some more pies and gravy.I absolutely LOVE this place!  Best red gravy that I've had in New Orleans yet.  
I have been there for lunch a few times but last Saturday, my boyfriend and I decided to try the brunch.  We were so glad that we did!  
It was quite busy but the food, the wait staff and owner made it worth the wait.
I ordered one of the brunch dishes, The Uptown:  eggs with a meatball, red gravy, home fries and garlic bread.  I was full until dinner time.  My boyfriend ordered the French Quarter sandwich, with sausage, peppers, and an egg on it.  He loved it!
When I go for lunch, they always offer really great specials.  I had a calzone with the best crust ever one time.  I also recommend the red gravy and meatballs with the daily pasta.  You won't be disappointed! 
If you EVER travel to New Orleans or if you live in the city, you have to try this place.  The prices are more than reasonable, the wait staff is exceptional and the food is out of this world.Absolutely incredible!!  We've been here probably 6 times. Charming hostess/owner sat down with us and talked about their journey to get here. They've put their soul into this place. Traveling to Italy routinely to update their menu. NOLO is known for incredible food. Places like this is why.The beginning of our visit to Red Gravy was a little awkward.  We didn't have a reservation and there were three of us.  Upon talking to the hostess we were going to have to wait 10 minutes, which was fine.  They, however, do not let you wait at the bar.  When we asked if we could eat at the bar she said usually yes but tonight no.  (Later we saw a gentleman eating at the bar, huh?!?)  We were asked to wait outside until our table was ready.
After we were sat things got better.  The menu is full of options and the special that night was pancetta and ricotta ravioli.  Bread is brought out with garlic olive oil.  We also ordered the meatball appetizer and the cheese and meat board.  Both were great.  Our server, a nice lady from New Zealand, gave recommendations for our selection.  For dinner we ordered the chef's special, the shrimp and sausage pasta, and the egg plant rotini....all were very tasty.  We ventured in to dessert after dinner with tiramisu, Belgian Chocolate gelato with cookies, and cannoli.  The cannoli was inundated with cinnamon, it was overpowering, yet the filling was good.  The other two desserts were great!  I would highly recommend this place. We will be stopping back for breakfast prior to leaving.Red Gravy is a fantastic spot for brunch! It was near our hotel so we frequented it while in town on business for a week. The owners are from NJ, so travelling from PA we felt at home and understood the concept of red gravy (as in the food). The service is friendly and attentive. Try the praline pancakes! On the day I left NOLA, they fit me in for a quick brunch before my flight. I was ever appreciative, as I was short on time (and they were packed). I was so sad to say farewell to Red Gravy.Great breakfast! The ambiance is fantastic - small, low lit, great acoustic guitar player, homey colors. We ate the CBD (eggs, bacon, etc...), praline pancakes, and their specialty pulled pork omelette. We waited 20 mins; totally worth it ‼‼‼Sautéed bananas with chocolate chips on browned buttered pancakes with a chocolate bourbon sauce with cream and heath topping was exceptional!! Very cute ambiance and friendly staff!!I don't understand what is going on at this place. Clearly, after looking at all the reviews the owner isn't reading these because half of them are about her!
We got there admittedly late and had no problem waiting for a spot, after being told there was a very long list and our table had been given away. Walked in, and said "I know I have to wait, but I am here." Had I not put down $25 to hold my reservation, I would have walked out and gone to one of the many restaurants down the street.  The hostess (who I think is the owner) was SO rude. Condescending, belittling, etc... We were so polite, I just didn't get it. Anyway, after a frustrating time getting there in the nightmare that is New Orleans traffic, I started crying and she saw me. 
We ordered, had a good meal but nothing special here in this city. She then came over and made small talk and I knew she felt bad for snapping. I just couldn't get over it and it was so awkward. Food was fine, inside was cute enough. I hope she reads these and changes her demeanor at the front. Had she been nice, we prob would've stayed their and spent another hundred on drinks alone.MIXED QUALITY FOOD - SERVICE - DECOR. Some of the dishes were really tasty, but overall we left feeling frustrated about almost everything. With so many options in NO, we wont be back.Was good but if had to choose between other place I have eaten in NOLA - it is not my favorite. Good food overall just a bit overrated in my opinion.First visit to NOLA - We collectively believe nothing on the menu will disappoint! Enjoyed Sunday brunch, fresh ingredients and tasty. Returned later in the week for dinner, Polpetta meatball and home made gravy takes us back to Sunday suppers with NJ neighbors, including house made pasta, and don't pass on the desserts!  Friendly staff and enjoyed the smaller space, quirky decor and ceramics!The "on the shore" omelette was great, but the small stack of blueberry pancakes were way overpriced at $17.95. The portions are average size, but they do charge a $1.25 plate sharing fee if you're splitting your entree with someone else. The coffee was pretty bitter, and the high price of the pancakes (for what we got) left even more of a sour taste in our mouths.Each night in New Orleans I walked by this restaurant on Camp Street and finally decided it looked to enticing from the outside to ignore.  The place is only open for lunch, maybe breakfast? But not dinner.   The meals are reasonably priced and the service is first rate.  I ordered the brisket and fries for lunch which was scrumptious.  The brisket was cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth.  The fries were hearty and filling.  The ice tea was sweat and worthwhile.  My only reluctance in providing a five star rating is the restaurant ran out of ice tea.  I would not have minded all that much if they would have offered another drink.  Instead I felt like I had to ration the remaining portion.
I decided to finish off the lunch with a cannoli for desert.  It was authentic and outstanding.
A good choice for lunch in the big easy.............Good local spot for breakfast. The staff there are very friendly. The waffles with fruit are delicious! You don't even need syrup because the waffles are so light, fluffy, and flavorful.This place enjoys harassing its customers and they are unapologetic about it. My wife wanted to join us 2.5 minutes after we ordered our food and the hostess proudly said that she will not let my wife join us, because its their rule, even though we were 5 people and had an empty chair for a 6th person at our table.Wonderful, simple food in a homey atmosphere. I had the Lombardo-- grits topped with sausage red gravy and two runny eggs, served with garlic bread. Very flavorful, perfectly seasoned, and exactly what I needed on a cold day after touristing around in the rain for a few hours. My husband had the eggs Benedict, and "borrowed" some of my garlic bread to sop up the extra sauce. Service was friendly and efficient, if not super speedy. But why hurry out of such a comfortable spot? My mouth is already watering thinking about my brunch and I just finished it an hour ago. We had a lot of good food in New Orleans and this might be the plate I remember most.Can't say enough good things about my experience at Red Gravy!! Really nice place on the inside. The food was top notch and my server, Natalie was awesome. Very helpful and friendly and made some great suggestions since it was my first visit there.
I definitely recommend stopping at the Red Gravy if you are in the mood for real old school Italian family cooking!Used to love this place, stress on the "used to".  
They used to have an amazing fried chicken and waffle.  Used to.  
They used to have really great service.  Used to.
They used to have ham, I mean it is a breakfast place.  Used to.
They used to have real maple syrup, not Equate imitation maple topping from WalMart.  Used to.
They used to allow us to tip based upon service...on our table of 3 they added 18% even though the menu said for parties of 5 or more.  Not that I wouldn't have tipped that much anyways cause let's face it gays are good tippers.  It wasn't the server's fault this place has nose-dived.
I used to make it a point to come here.  Used to.If you are ever in New Orleans DO NOT eat at the red gravy restaurant. The manager is not only rude and impatient but assumes that people of color can not pay for their food. Despite the combination of chemistry advanced degrees she saw at the table she saw us for our color.This is the place for fantastic Italian brunch. A very talented musician entertains you while you have one of the best meals you'll ever have. Kate was our kind and helpful waitress. They sell jars of red gravy. Make sure you take one home with you. That sauce is the stuff of dreams!Red Gravy is a locally owned breakfast, brunch and lunch gem! You won't be disappointed!
Start off with a mimosa and my favorite, Down by the Shore!! Eggs, bell pepper, onion and a sweet cheesy marinara! The breakfast potatoes are cooked perfectly too!The drinks were swift, service was prompt friendly and polite. The decor was subtle and very cozy and music was comforting. 
It's a great place for an after work drink and dinner. 
Salad - so good!
Lasagna - huge and tasty
She had the chicken and it did have good flavor. 
And the blueberry cobbler... Delicious! And fresh!
Had a long wait for it to come and We had to ask for larger than a ping pong ball scoop of ice cream though. 
Will be back for sure!!This is advertised as gluten-free. I ordered a gluten free spinach salad, it came with breaded goat cheese and a slice of garlic bread.  It was sent back,  I began eating it and halfway through bit into a hidden crouton! When I complained the manager told me the chef was making four salads at once,  and she was sorry for the error. Not sympathetic at all! Not sure they understand that gluten free means a little more than buying special pasta!Great Food, but make sure they are open! 
This little place is great. Great fresh food and good prices, although the menu is not too extensive. I went for lunch and had the meatball sandwich and my sister had the pasta carbonara. Both were excellent. The service staff is great, under the always watchful eye of the owner, who you can tell knows everything that is going on. I would definitely come again the next time I am in NOLA.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Be sure to walk by and check the hours on the door or CALL or check Open Table before you go. They seem to change their hours seasonally. In September they were open for brunch and lunch until 2pm and were closed for dinner. In October they will be open for dinner but only a few days a week.We noticed there was a short wait compared to Ruby Slipper (which is where we ate the precious day) so we waited 10 minutes to put our name down. I was standing at the counter & the waiters walked up to the hostess stand at least 3 times and didn't acknowledge me or say hello. I noticed someone was possibly in training but a hi would have been nice. Finally a waitress said hello then kept walking. Came back about 3 minutes later. Apparently the food got good reviews but the service wasn't even good. We went back to ruby slipper and waited 2 minutes- GO THERE!This is a difficult review to leave.  My first handful of experiences with this restaurant were so awesome.  The food was delicious, the portions generous, the delivery quick, and the employees quite friendly and helpful.  Red Gravy is a relatively new place (I believe they're coming up on their 1st Anniversary,) and I was really pulling for them: I raved about my meals on Facebook, I sent many a visiting tourist needing a break from all the jambalaya and catfish their way...
And then, stuff started to happen.  One or two items would be left off my order, when it was delivered.  The delivery guy would show up with no change, so I had to fork over a much bigger tip than I had intended.  Sauces on pasta and/or salad dressings would be barely there, or not there at all.  Most of these things were rectified as soon as I pointed them out, along with a scrumptious complimentary cookie or lemon bar for my trouble.  This was okay, I'm not a diva, but I began to notice that it was happening more often than not..  Still, this is the only place in the French Quarter/CBD area that has a decent cheesesteak (I'm originally from the East Coast, so I know better,) and the tingly, happy memories of my first Red Gravy meal lingered, so I continued to order.
Today, after a small break from dining out, I returned to my favorite lunch delivery place, in hopes that some of the wrinkles had been ironed out in my absence.  Unfortunately, that wasn't the case.  I ordered a spinach salad (one of my favorite menu items,) a Lou sandwich (breaded chicken cutlet on french bread, dressed with lettuce, tomato, mayo, and pickle,) and a slice of pumpkin pie.  The salad, which is usually full of candied nuts, a big round of warm goat cheese, lots of fresh seasonal fruit, onion, and dressed with a flavorful balsamic vinaigrette was quite anemic:  The vinaigrette had no flavor (it almost tasted like veg oil and distilled vinegar) the goat cheese round was about half the normal size, and there were only enough nuts to sweeten a couple of bites of salad.   This alone wouldn't have been enough to send me flying to the internets to squawk on Yelp, but now, a few hours later (when the restaurant is closed for the day,) I've unwrapped the sandwich I had been saving for later:  the chicken is burnt.   I mean, black-burnt and bone-dry.  All of it, not just one piece.  It would have been impossible for the chef to have missed that fact while putting together my sandwich, unless she had her eyes closed all afternoon.  I cannot even begin to guess what happened today, because she's usually so conscientious of her customers.   I'm so disappointed.
If I had been leaving a review 3 months ago, I would have given Red Gravy 5 stars and several paragraphs of sparkling, gushy praise.  If today had been my first dining experience with Red Gravy, I'd be giving 1 star, and maybe a one-liner saying "don't bother."   So, I've compromised with 3 stars, but really I just hope that the proprietor sees this and gets it together, because she's got a great thing going, if she can manage to get back to consistent quality assurance.  I'm still pulling for you, Red Gravy!best sauce and meatballs i've had in a while! Very easy to tell that food is fresh and made from scratch.Patrick was awesome !! From the moment we walked in until we left he made sure we had what we needed and added a bit of humor to our groggy morning. Food was great and atmosphere was relaxing and we will definitely be returning before we leave New Orleans.A gem in a city of gems.
Step outside the normal for an omelette stuffed with meatball and ricotta, lightly topped with their signature red gravy. Lightly topped, not smothered.
Side of very good grits completes breakfast.
Add a juice for a very good $20 breakfast.Good grits accompanied my meatball omelet with marinara-esque sauce.  The meatball was good and I could see coming back for traditional spaghetti and meatball dinner ... But I won't.  My low rating is for the idiot managment that wouldn't allow our server to substitute a $2 biscuit for $4 worth of potatoes or grits. This type of stupidity is hard to overlook.  I offer them a better bottom line and a happy customer, and they respond with wasted food (I didn't eat the grits, but for a bite) , a frustrated customer, and waitstaff who got marginally less tip. The lost opportunity offends my sensibilities, and I'll not return. 2 stars for meatballs... Fair is fair.
UPDATE * Upon leaving, the hostess / manager wanted to know if there was a problem- so I told her 'yes' and expressed myself much as I have above.  She pointed out that 'no substitutions' was printed on the menu- and said rather defensively, "We didn't lie."; and took pains as to why it was sensible economics that one biscuit is magically more costly than a side of potatoes or grits.  True, they didn't lie.  True, on the side opposite the breakfast items the menu said "no substitutions".  True, she argued with me.  True, she would rather be right than have her restaurant liked.
True, they have a line out the door.  True, WTF do I know?  I'm just a customer.We decided to come because our hotel was across the street and was rated great on Yelp. But our first impression was not so good. The hostess said it would be a 15 min wait, more like 15 min after 30 min had already passed. I would suggest to not ask "how much longer" or "where are we in line". The guy is a D***. Various people would come back from asking and we could over here them saying how rude he was. That's unfortunate because the food is good, the place is very cosy and nice and the gentleman playing music was good. Most people left after their encounter with the hostess, if you have tough skin and don't mind waiting than at least you'll eat something good.This is an absolute must! We heard about this place from friends and we are sure glad we did. The food is absolutely amazing! We went for brunch with a group of friends and tried a few things. No one of us was unhappy with our meal. The real star of the show is Kate. Her recommendations were on point! Not only does she have the most amazing personality and humor but she was literally running the restaurant by herself. The whole place was completely full and Kate carried herself with total composure, even in the face of crashing computers and difficulties. 
If you are in Nola, don't miss this special opportunity to enjoy amazing food and the fabulous Kate who is running the show flawlessly!!!This place was close to our hotel and offered a variety of fresh delicious breakfast options. It has the farm to table concept. We came in as a party of 7 and they don't separate checks. I ordered the Jim. It was ok. It was a sandwich that was dry. I only ate the insides. The rest of my group enjoyed their meals....omelettes and the like. Unique combinations. The grits were extra yummy they said. I would recommend this place, just not "Jim".I like this place and the food is good, especially the homemade meatballs!  Couple of annoying things, however:  First is the super annoying check-in process where they ask for your full name just to be seated.  Second is the meatball dish comes with potato chips.  One day I was eating when the owner came over, she was really nice so I told her I never eat the chips, she said "just tell the waiter next time to substitute them for something else, like tomato slices, I'd rather do that then throw the chips in the garbage".  So sure enough I came in yesterday, ordered my meatballs and told the waiter exactly what she told me to tell him.  He says he will ask her.  He comes back 5 minutes later and said the owner told him he couldn't do it.  WTF?Lovely little spot just steps from French Quarter. Our group of 5 had a very tasty breakfast with lots of Italian-cuisine touches and was able to cater to a Celiac / Gluten-Free diner with ease. The red sauce is very good and don't hesitate use it on your egg-based breakfast!Delicious!! The restaurant my friend and I wanted to go to had a 45 minute wait so that hostess recommended we go to Red Gravy.  It is such a cute and cozy restaurant and the food is to die for!! The flavors were just delicious and who would think to put a meatball in an omelet?? The grits were so sinfully good.  Bonus is that the owner is from NJ and so am I!First off, I have had my fair share of good breakfast food...I mean, I make a pretty good pancake mix from scratch and that is my old trusty breakfast dish...but I have never and I mean never, had a more savory and delectable dish in my life.  I had the Down the Shore with grits...simply amazing!  Hands down the best grits I have had and the most savory omelet I have ever tasted...great coffee, outstanding atmosphere, wait staff was OK, beautiful wife to share it all with...fantastic place to eat...we will be back!Food and staff was fabulous! Ate breakfast there around 8:30am and still not hungry at 2:00pm. Would love to try lunch or dinner here too.Dinner!  From the reviews, you can get the impression it's just breakfast and lunch at Red Gravy.  Walking by, the sandwich board offered Soft Shell Crab.  Hooked.  A huge crab served lightly fried on a bed of polenta with a spice tomato sauce. Divine.  So divine that in a city of restaurants, i returned the next night and had the same dish. Very friendly, attentive service.  Unpretentious decor.  Sound level such that you don't have to shout.  A new NOLA fave.I had lunch at Red Gravy on a Saturday, the menu is broken down between weekday lunch and weekend brunch. The should have two separate menus, because everything I wanted was on the M-F selections. The Red Gravy on the pasta I had was very good, I wish the pasta wasn't cooked as mush as it was. I was with three other people and their food was also very good. The only problem was the server removing plates before every one was finished and also my food came out at least 5 minutes before my guestsExtra points for originality! It is on the more expensive side of breakfasts and not your typical breakfast menu but great service and the food was delicious! As we visited during Mardi Gras we had to taste the special - King Cake French Toast. I am still thinking about it! Yum!This review is 2 months late, but either way here goes.. one of the absolute best food related experiences I've ever had! From the moment we walked in the hostess was fantastic! Charming, warm, friendly oh and funny  .. I mean everything you'd expect when your visiting the South and enter a comfort type restaurant.. the drinks were ridiculously good! I mean we were feeling no pain when we left lol.  And the food.. OMG the food!!  I had an omelette w meatballs, sauce and ricotta cheese on it! I'm from NYC and I've never had anything like that! It was freaking ridiculous! Great experience all around, would most definitely go back & recommended to my friends!