Love this place....the only downside is how busy it can get...but thats a minor inconvenience all things considered.  I had the bbq oysters which was amazing, followed up with the shrimp and grits.  Both were amazing..definitely the best thing i ate while on bourbon street.  The second best thing about this restaurant..you can  find the recipe for your favorite dish on their website.Four stars for freshness, service, and price.  Oysters are shucked at the bar and by sitting at the bar you might just get a few extra on your oyster plate!  I recommend getting the Raw Oysters on the Half Shell more so than the cooked ones. The price is also reasonable: 7.50 (6) 14.00 (12)OK so I went with my mother and stepdad and my mother ordered the barbecue oyster po-boy, my stepdad got a regular shrimp po-boy, and I first ordered the shrimp and grits. While my parents food was simply amazing I couldn't get over the popcorn over the grits and the grits tasted like something I can make it home so I asked my super sweet waiter Trey if I could get something else. I ended up getting the sampler with boudin, fried green tomatoes , and shrimp. OMG...will definitely be coming back!!! A lady, Yulia, came and asked about our service and if the owners read this I just wanted ant y'all to know she is AMAZING!!!! She is the epitome of quality service and we just loved her so kudos to her!!Great food! Had the whole deep fried fish . The waiters were very attentive: Sam the first night and Franklin on the second night...the food was great the first day so we decided to go again for dinner. What was amazing is that apparently the staff recognized us and we had a complimentary appetizer avocado dip on a chip.We stayed at the Hyatt for a weekend in New Orleans and before flying out, stopped here to get some take out food for the plane. Needless to say, the selection for take out food wasnt good, but we were there in time for Happy Hour!!
Oysters are $1 and they shuck it there in front of you. Dont need to say more than that. Oh right, beer is 2 for 1 as well! We sat at the bar, but the nautical themed restaurant was tastefully decorated and great for groups and small parties. The bartenders were really nice and since we had to go, we were able to take our beers with us out the door! (Thanks NOLA!) So good!Make the trip for great seafood that NOLA is known for. Started the meal with the BBQ oysters which were simply to die for. The fish entrees were delicious with complimenting sides, and most importantly, fresh. 
They also serve a properly made gumbo (a thicker consistency than a simple broth with plenty of flavor and hearty ingredients) which sadly has been lacking in this city as of late.If I could give less stars I would. Service was hands down the worst I have ever had. We sat down, 7 of us. Our waiter took about 15 minutes to come over and take our order. So we went ahead and ordered food and drinks. Our drinks took about 20 minutes. Our food never came. After about 30 more minutes of waiting after our drinks I asked our server where our food was. He said it would be 10 more minutes. We still never got our food. We had another group we came with that sat on the opposite side of the place, they got apps, meal, desert and paid before we ever got our food. Restaurant did nothing to make up for it. We are still waiting on our food. Worst service I have ever seen at a place. I had to complain. My gf works in the service industry. I have never complained in my life at a restaurant. They ruined our first night in NOLA. We didn't even get to eat afterwards because it was 9:20 when we left. We arrive and seated at 7:15. Still waiting on our foodOverall I would recommend this place.
3 of us went to dinner. Bbq oysters are amazing as always. We had 2 dz as an app. A friend had the bisque that she couldn't eat as it was way to spicy for her. But she didn't like spicy so just be aware that it is spicy. I had crab cake on black beans. It was good but not blown away. I live in Nola so I have had better. But I would say better than most in any other city.
Friends had jambalaya risotto they enjoyed and another had the red fish it was very good.
For desert double chocolate bread pudding with ice cream. Was decent but lacking somethingGreat Happy Hour! Cheap and fresh raw oysters, only $0.50 each. Great service at the bar too. Check it out.When I found out that my best friend had selected a place called "The Red Fish Grill" to host the welcome dinner in honor of the guests for his destination wedding in New Orleans, I was concerned.  Being vegan, I expected to just be consuming a lot of dressing-less salad.  Luckily, RFG made this merely expectation and not reality!
Ike, Noah and Duane were the servers for our large party.  Every time I was handed something, I was told it was vegan, along with what the dish was.  Noah was very careful about telling me what I was eating.  Duane, as a vegan himself, knew exactly what was up.
My alternative to the BBQ Oyster appetizer was tomatoes with an onion garnish, halved and served very attractively.  I had a beautiful garden salad instead of the Ceasar that everyone else had.  My main course was a potato hash with squash in place of the chicken, fish or beef plate the other guests selected.  Dessert was a wonderful mango sorbet.
When I visit the city again, I will most definitely be visiting this place again.  Excellent and accommodating service, amazing food, and above all, a sincere concern with regard to taking care of me and my needs.
Thank you, Red Fish Grill!  You have set a high standard.The highlight of our meal was our waiter, Dana. He was HILARIOUS, oh my gosh. So many stories and all around great banter, and he was a great waiter, too. Ask to be put in his section, you will not regret it!
The other highlight at the Red Fish was their delicious Hurricanes. Be careful, because they will knock you on your ass, but man, they were good. Our table of five adults ordered ELEVEN of them, that should tell you everything.
The food was really just a bonus. Everything we ordered was really, really good. There were no leftovers. I especially loved the bread dunked in their crab and corn chowder. Holy yum.Gonna go straight to the point, this place was super legit. It's my first time in Nola & this place did not disappoint. Came here with 3 of my friends & had:
1. alligator sausage & seafood gumbo: I ordered a bowl & it was so good! I had gumbo at a few other places, but this was my favorite! 
2. Creole shrimp jambalaya risotto: I don't think I ever had risotto, but this was pretty good. 
3. Fried chicken & dirty rice: the chicken was light. 
4. Shrimp & pumpkin grits: OMFGGG!! Hella on point! 
I also got the Moscow mule, it was ok. Lol
Our waiter Tim was awesome! Super nice & suggested a few places for us to explore. :)Great food and excellent service! Risotto was perfect! Had lots of seafood, sausage, and chicken. Etouffee catfish was crispy. The crime brûlée is a little different. It's thicker since it's a pie but the taste is good!This is probably my 3rd time here, but first time leaving a review.
I tried several things tonight...some were excellent, some not so much.
I starts with the house salad...was pretty boring. Lettuce, red onion, cheese, barely any tomatoes, and some crushed pecans or walnuts...nothing fancy, not exceptional.
Then I ordered a shrimp cocktail. I surely expected some massive shrimp being in the gulf, but they were really scrawny. Cocktail sauce was really spicy...which was good for me, but I could see a lot of people being too hot for them.
My entree was really good. Got the pan roasted chicken. It was quite taste, as well as the rice that came with it. I could see pools of melted butter sitting in the bottom of the bowl with the rice, which I should not have been surprised with in Louisiana, but come on...that's just overkill.
And of course I had a NOLA Blonde, which is always solid.
Since it w as two smaller dishes I wasn't all that impressed with, and was impressed with the entree, I gave them 3 stars...really could have been 2 1/2. I was happier with the food in previous visits.We reserved a table for 6 through Open Table as part of our wedding anniversary family celebration. 
The hostess and the waiter noted the reason for our visit from the reservation and took steps to make us feel special. Our waiter Ike was fun and energetic with a big wonderful smile and the kids loved him for getting them plenty of sodas and kids special ice cream.
Ike recommended the house chopped salad, bbq oysters and alligator sausage/seafood gumbo. The oysters and gumbo starters were delicious. 
For our main entree, we selected the Wood grilled Red Fish and Louisiana lump crab. They split the entree and served it separately to both of us. The red fish was simply amazing.
To top it all, Ike served us their house special chocolate bread pudding dessert on the House as our anniversary gift.This was by far the best meal I have had in a long time. The service was amazing and our waiter recommended the smoked redfish and it was cooked perfectly!!! Everything was seasoned perfectly and the presentation was fantastic. Our waiter wasn't pushy at all and he was very knowledgeable on everything that we asked about. He also even tried to relate to us but not in a annoying way.
I would go back here in a heartbeat. The bread pudding was great and I had forgotten to order it and the waiter had put one in before i had even asked so we got it right on time it was perfect. They made our experience great!!!!We really enjoyed our experience here. Great glimpse of New Orleans cuisine and offers a nice refuge off Bourbon Street. Service was good, my only qualm is that we were seated in a side room and we were the last people seated in there, and they started cleaning up in there before we were done despite the restaurant not being closed. 
As far as the food goes, everything wowed.
APPS:
BBQ Oysters: These are a must get. Crispy fried, tossed in a delicious sauce with blue cheese on top. The oysters were buttery and tasty and pleased even my anti-oyster friend.
MAINS:
Shrimp and Grits: Grits were cooked perfectly, shrimp were juicy.
Jambalaya Risotto: Great flavor with a nice and creamy rice. Great dish.
Grilled Redfish with Sautéed Crawfish: Came with a lemon butter sauce over potatoes and Tasso ham. The ham was the perfect compliment. Fish and crawfish were cooked perfectly, this was a standout.
DESSERT:
Double Chocolate Bread Pudding: I am not a bread pudding fan but this was incredible. Crunchy edges with moist interior and warm melty chocolate- I'm salivating just thinking about it again. You must get this dish!
Overall, we had a great experience and would absolutely return.We went here for a bachelorette party weekend on Bourbon a few weeks ago. I was looking for a reasonably priced option that was walking distance to where we were staying, and this fit the bill. The reviews were all over the place but seemed predominately good, so I went with it.
Bad idea!  I even mentioned we had a bachelorette group when we made the reservations, and we'd appreciate a good table and good service, and yet we really had neither of those things. 
First, the good: We were seated right away, and some of our food was pretty good. Yes, that's about it. 
The bad: Oh, where to start! 
1. Our table was angled to "fit in" to an already crowded room, and we backed up right into the servers' computer station. We made these reservations 3 months in advance, they had plenty of time to fit in a table of 10, there was no reason to smush us into an awkward corner. The girl sitting with her back to the station nearly got clipped in the head several times. 
2. The wait staff was obviously overwhelmed. Yes, it was 8:30 on Bourbon Street on a Saturday night, but if you have a restaurant there, you should be prepared for a large amount of people. While our waitress was very nice when she was around, we barely saw her, and this is with us seated next to the servers' station! It is entirely unacceptable for a bachelorette party -- and we OBVIOUSLY were in terms of dress, though we were not overly loud or obnoxious or drunk in any way -- to run out of drinks! This is where restaurants make a large majority of their money, and let me tell you, they missed about 3 more rounds on a table of 10 that we would have ordered if we could have found our waitress. Based on the service at the rest of the tables around us, I think they were under-staffed, and it baffles me how this could happen. Be prepared to have a lot of people on a Saturday night!
3. We waited AN HOUR AND A HALF for our food. We got there at 8:30 and were seated promptly. We ordered pretty quickly after that. It was 9:55 when we finally got our entrees! In the meantime, it took FOREVER for even the table bread to come out! I actually had to ask the waitress if we got bread, since I saw the butter on the table. We went through a ton of loaves by the time our appetizers came out, and then quite a few more waiting on "real" food. It was so bad that the manager came out to apologize. At that point, I was obviously expecting some comped service, but no - the waitress asked if we wanted any more drinks (please note here that we'd spent the preceding hour and a half trying to FIND her to order more drinks, but at this point we all had nearly full glasses), and finally the bride suggested a round of shots. Which, yay and all, but really, an offer to comp some of our meal would have been much more well received. Also, the tables around us got their food - and bread - in a timely manner, and one of them was a table of 7, so having 3 more people should not have made that much of a difference. I have no idea what happened in the kitchen, but it was not okay, and it was not taken care of properly.
4. The worst part? When the entrees finally did come out, they were mostly "meh." I will say that the BBQ shrimp and grits that I had were okay (and is the main reason this place gets another star), but there was definitely not enough of it. The scallops were also voted as good by several ladies, albeit very small portions for $27, but the House Cut Tagliatelle Pasta was mostly English peas. We had to ask for another dish of Parmesan cheese, it was so bland and pea-y. One girl actually started splitting them out, and ended up with a bowl that was HALF PEAS. Not even pasta! Ack. I will say, the raw oysters on the half shell were very good, but since all you have to do with those is get fresh ones and shuck them, I am not giving Red Fish any credit there. 
I was really sad, and a little embarrassed, about picking this place for the party. We could have had better - and cheaper -- food at a walk-in dive, quite honestly, but since we had 10 ladies, I was trying to be reasonable about getting seated with a large group by going somewhere that takes reservations. Apparently that was a fail. So for those of you giving this place multiple stars, you must have gotten lucky and gone on a full-staffed night, and eaten one of the few dishes on the menu that was actually tasty. 
Red Fish, I am really disappointed.For a place right on bourbon I would expect more. The food was great but pricey for what you get. The wait staff was ok but not very friendly. I personally would not come back but that is mainly due to the value.Went on a Thursday evening and was seated right away. Unfortunately we were put in a back room corner so can't say too much about the ambiance and we were at a table that wobbled and had to add coasters under the leg to stabilize. The waiter was friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. The food was ok with good portion size.I was a little unsure of this place since it's located right on Bourbon Street but all of the great reviews led me to make a reservation! Thankfully we had a reservation for Red Fish because it was packed at 6:30 on a Thursday night - we were seated right away and were greeted by our server, Ike! Five Stars - Kudos to him for his recommendations and welcoming us to the Big Easy! 
My husband and another couple made an agreement to split all meals on this trip so we could try everything! Glad we did because we were able to completely indulge, enjoy drinks and not feel too stuffed to romp around the city! 
We started with the BBQ Oysters - these were Heavenly! Who knew oysters could taste so amazing! 5/5
Red Fish Grill Seafood Sampler with BBQ blue crab claws, shrimp & jalapeno hush puppies and creole marinated gulf shrimp - Loved them all but the shrimp & jalapeno hush puppies were a little strange.  4/5
Alligator Sausage & Seafood Gumbo - 5/5
Creole Jambalaya Risotto - I've literally been craving this since we left New Orleans. I've looked up so many recipes to try and recreate this dish. Still no luck. Excellent dish, highly recommend! - 5/5We were very disappointed with our dinner at this place.  Granted, it was very busy and we were a party of 8 people but we had made reservations in advance.  We had to wait about 20 - 30 minutes to be seated after arriving at our reservation time.  This was the last night of the FQ Jazz Festival and our last night together as a group so we wanted to have a nice meal.  Unfortunately, nothing was good.  None of the dishes arrived hot and most seemed like they may have waited a long time after preparation to make it to our table.  We talked to our waiters and then to the manager and they discounted our bill a little bit but the whole evening at the restaurant was a disappointment after eating at so many really good places on our long weekend.Came here for lunch yesterday because it is across the street from my hotel. I ordered the oyster po boy and it had a little bit of shell in it. I was afraid to keep eating, but I carefully chewed what reminded me of a boneless buffalo chicken wing sandwich. 
The server seemed annoyed and not pleasant at all, so I didn't bother to address this matter with her. An example would be, she laid down a baggy of bread & butter without saying one word & walked away quickly. I don't want to say she was rude, but she was not nice at all. She definitely needs some customer service training because it wasn't that busy. 
I wanted to love this place, but the food & service were subpar. I would highly recommend you ignore the hype outside & awards and go deeper in the French quarter for better sea food.Our Tour Guide/Air Boat Captain suggested that we dine at The Red Fish Grill. We took his advice and are so glad that we did. 
The food was GREAT. I had The Jumbo Lump Crabcake and am still thinking about it two days later. For dessert I had the Banana Foster Ice Cream Sandwich which was GREAT and a show (flames) to boot. While the food was GREAT, the thing that made this an incredible dining experience was our server, a young lady named Jasmine who was sincere and sweet. THANK YOU, Jasmine! You made this dining experience FANTASTIC.Great location right off Canal at Bourbon Street. Kevin was our waiter and he was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. My husband had the Red Fish and Crab meat signature dish and I had grilled shrimp. It was cooked to perfection and enough to fill you but left room for their chocolate bread pudding. Be sure to order it 20 minutes ahead. The price is not too high for eating on Bourbon Street and we had our food quickly. The best part was the quiet atmosphere.My first meal on my second trip and we were lucky to arrive before the dinner rush and didn't wait for a table. The server was attentive and helpful with questions. We had alligator boudin balls and the gumbo which were tasty and I had the red fish entree which was also really tasty. Overall great reintroduction back into New Orleans cuisine.The single worst meal I've had in the 30+ years I'm visiting New Orleans.  The hostess placed my family next to a table of 12 loud drunken patrons, we had to move. My gumbo came out cold and needed to be sent back. The waiter spilled wine on my wife when opening the bottle, and those were the highlights.
Not a single item was freshly prepared, case in point fried oysters were served cold. My blackened drum fish was bland and tough to the point both me and the fish would've been happier if it were still swimming. Vegetable dish was undercooked and ice cold.
The fact that this place receives positive reviews makes me seriously question Yelps reliability. If I could give less than 1 star I would.We had 36 hours in NOLA and ate at three places. Red Fish comes in third. Let's do a good/mediocre/bad. 
Good - if I was coming with over 8 people, this might have been the place for me. They seemed very capable of handling large groups. We called at 6:30 and were able to make reservations (for three) an hour later. 
Mediocre - the food. Gumbo was acceptable. My wife's grilled shrimp was okay, but the powdered seasoning was obvious when eating it. The shrimp came with a veggie medley. The okra was way over cooked but she says the other veggies (squash, small eggplant) were undercooked. I had the étouffée, which was served with risotto. Seriously?  Our girl had the kids fried shrimp. She pulled the batter off one shrimp and while they pulled the tail, they hadn't pulled the intestine so there was a hearty black line.  Overall, it wasn't all that awesome. 
Bad - good gravy this place is loud.  I mean, really loud. It made me want to get back out on Bourbon Street for some peace. 
For the price, I wished we had gone somewhere else.  There are better places that cost just as much with significantly better food.Great service!! Ike was our waiter. He was wonderful! So attentive kept our glasses full all night!! While we got the signaure dish and liked it. We also got the Creole Jambalaya Risotto. It was the best!! So creamy and spicy. 
We also splurged and went for the chocolate bread pudding. It was so worth it!! Not to sweet, not to rich, just right!! We split it because we didn't want to go crazy but WOW!!
It takes 20 minutes to cook so you have to order when you order your food. I would highly recommed making this a stop on your next visit!!The food and atmosphere were good, certainly not great and not up to par for the price or the reviews, at least not in our experience.
For the price we were expecting linen table clothes and an upscale experience commensurate with the price or a "Bourbon Street" dive type atmosphere. The Red Fish offers neither.
We ate in the main dinning room which is rather large, noisy and crowded. Nothing intimate or classy about it. Our waiter was a combination of entertaining, slow, forgetful and apologetic.
Our waiter showed his disappointment when we only ordered one glass of wine and no appetizers. We immediately ordered the Red Fish and the Grouper special entrees. Sensing that vegetables were in short supply we ordered two side dishes of asparagus.
As I bite into the Grouper my wife asked, "Is your meal cold?" It was but I wondered how she knew to ask. As it turned out, her Red Fish was cold as well. When we finally got our waiters attention, we sent the two plates back and dinned on our four (yes, four each) asparagus. I guess a buck each for asparagus isn't bad when you consider that they were hot and tasty.
When our waiter brought our entrée plates back, it was obvious that they had simply microwaved our entrees. The food was warmer but not consistent throughout. The fish was now drier and not as flaky as it was the first time around. My wife is a lemon on fish lover and it took forever to get the waiter's attention in order to ask for lemon. The lemon only came after a second discussion with the waiter, just in time for the last bite.
The fish was good. Not great but good. I might have been great had it been served hot the first time but we'll never know.
We shared a "Bananas Foster" and another disappointing look from the waiter who assured us, we will wish we had ordered two. This was a good sign and we had our hopes up. As it turns out we were very glad to have only ordered one. The "Bananas Foster" is to be avoided if you are a connoisseur of such things. Their version is served flamboyantly but it is a strictly prefabed corporate creation and it tastes like it.
We had a very nice chat with the friendly manager. In response to her inquiry about our experience we said it was "fine". We didn't bother to share our experience with her, since we weren't look for compensation, an apology or an explanation. She didn't notice or care to notice that a "fine" is not "good" or "great".
So many great restaurants in NOLA, the Red Fish will not be missed or given a second shot by us. For a one glass of wine, no appetizer, two entree dinner for over $100+, we can do a lot better.Great seafood in the heart of the French Quarters! The bread is soft, and fresh. The seafood is great, and you have to try the double chocolate bread pudding. It's to die for!!! Try to get reservations in advance!Great Happy Hour!!!!!! fresh oysters and service was GREAT!!!!! Thank you for making my stay awesome.......I've been here twice, and both times been quite satisfied.  Wonderful seafood - red fish included.  I ate in the bar one time, great atmosphere.  Always a wait for a table. 
oh, and I had the sweetest waiter.  wish I remembered his name so I could write about him... oh well.I was very excited to eat here however I was slightly disappointed. My friends and I arrived for lunch. I ordered their signature dish: 7oz Wood Grilled Redfish and Lump Crab Meat. I was presented with the smallest filet of fish known to man. We asked our waiter about the portion size and it turns out the lunch portion is the same size as the dinner portion and the cost is $33 for both!!! We were told the fish was 7oz, but when presented on my plate it was 4-5oz. The flavor of the fish was amazing and well prepared, but I was NOT happy about the portion size. Be warned.Love love love the shrimp and grits from here. It was our first stop once we got to New Orleans. We also ordered the bananas foster which was really good. My husband ordered the pecan pie which was also good. A must visit when in Nawlins.Oh yea! This is what I was expecting when visiting New Orleans. Great atmosphere, friendly staff, eclectic food. We had the alligator balls appetizer and the fish entree was amazing. Had a tasty pumpkin flavored bourbon drink which was surprisingly well done. Our server was very personable and even entertained the couple small children. Would definitely come back here. Good value for the food and better than most in this area.With a place this busy, the food is not even good. Don't waste your time and money to go here. Service is not good either.First time visiting NOLA.. 
Red Fish Grill was packed.. I made reservations which I highly recommend.. The bar-b-que oysters are good.. Also had the signature dish which was a snapper topped with crab; not bad..It's a bit overpriced but that's NOLA for you..Now, I live in Destin, FL which is a touristy resort area but the markup is not as high as NOLA.. Time to choose a different restaurantThe serves was very good.  The host was friendly and greeted us very nice.  The manger would come by to make sure everything was going well.  It was three of us including myself.  We came around 6 ish so it was not to busy yet.  You get two servers which is wonderful.  Please note this place is over priced; however, come on look at the area.  It is a tourist spot.  I am a tourist here and therefore did not go in thinking oh its going to be cheap.  If you want it to become cheaper and better then just order the starters and share.
THE BBQ OYSTERS ARE AMAZING! If you like buffalo wings it is a twist of the same flavor.  It is deep fried like everything here!  I did not find it to heavy, it was crispy with a wonderful flavor.  I did not get to try to gumbo but my dad did eat it all fast, he said it was wonderful.  My mom got the crap claws in the butter garlic pot which we loved.  It sounds strange but it reminded us of escargot, because of the butter and garlic.  It was more a messy starter because you use you hands.    The waiter even brought us a sample of these oysters they are trying out; it was almost like a asian version of deep fried oysters with a soy sauce dressing on top.
Entree:
I was very disappointed in the rock fish :(.  I love food!  I live to eat and yet I did not even want to eat it.  My father got the soba which you can add seared ahi.  If you like ginger then you will enjoy the soba.  I was not very impressed, though he enjoyed it.  My mom had a salad which some fried potato salad in shrimp; which she enjoyed.  I do not like potato salad normally and did not like this one.  It had to much relish for my taste and then deep fried.  
dessert:
DO NOT ORDER THE SURGAR FREE mouse!  I thought it was very gross.  You can buy jello sugar free and get it for cheaper and tastier.  ORDER THE CHOCOLATE BREAD PUDDING .  I was very impressed!   I have to say a review did say he did not even like bread pudding but enjoyed this one; which was one of the best suggestion.  My mother and ordered it which the ice cream which was a great choice.Their BBQ Oyster PoBoy really sets them apart as one of the best oyster houses in the city.On vacation for the first time and we had gotten a coupon for $24 off a bottle of wine. So why not go for dinner, right? I don't eat seafood so I went for their only chicken dinner they had. It was a BBQ chicken plate with potato salad. Presentation looked really good! As I was cutting into my chicken and ate a couple bites I noticed the consistency was a little off. I touched the skin from the chicken with my knife and it felt raw. I moved the skin up and my chicken was RAW on the top middle part!!! I was so disappointed and mad! How can someone be a "cook" and leave chicken that raw?! I don't know what standards they use to hire people. I couldn't believe it. I'm more shocked that I've worked in restaurants for 8 yrs and eaten in so many places and I've never seen anything like this! The manager was very apologetic and wanted me to leave happy, but how can you leave happy or content after that? He offered me a free desert and the meal was taken off my check. I will say the double chocolate bread pudding was really good. Overall and aside from my rare chicken, the desert and wine was good, dinner bread was ok, and our server was ok.The food was amazing, just amazing I love it. One of the best in all New Orleans in my opinion, great food, great presentation, great restaurant ambient and the price was ok for this kind of food and service.I went here as part of a work dinner.  I wouldn't have chosen it, but it was right across from my hotel.  All in all, I actually thought it was decent, although extremely overpriced.  I had the snapper, which was pretty good, and the chocolate bread pudding.  If you love chocolate, I recommend this whole heartedly- it was huge and delicious.  We had a very funny waiter who flirted hilariously with one of my tablemates.I'm absolutely in love with Red Fish Grill. It was so good, that I ate here twice over a three day period and it was AMAZING! I had their catfish & shrimp étouffée the first night and the grilled chicken breast the second night--pure bliss. Their drinks are pretty impressive, impeccable service, Sonia and Aria were phenomenal staff members...just an amazing place all around. I will definitely add this to the "must eat" listen whenever I'm in New Orleans.Good food, decent value. Fish flown in fresh each day. 
Random bonus: wasn't charged for me ice tea. Husband asked for a side of dirty rice - -  they made it special for him, a generous portion, for $2.
Alligator boudoin great appetizer ($9), be careful of the dressing on the arugula - - straight horseradish to the nose! BBQ oyster poor boy was good--a light bbq sauce with some blue cheese sauce ($13). Redfish topped with crab... ($27) good but for the price just get a sandwich or eat at dinner... 
Waitress was super lovely. Wasn't crowded at lunch time (but not empty either) 
Bathrooms: clean. Have a TV which show nature scenes. I liked that the ladies room had pictures of ladies catching big fish. Woman power :)We have been in New Orleans for a week, and this is by far the best meal we have had. Our server, Frank was charming, helpful, and just the best.My wife and I traveled to New Orleans celebrating our anniversary and a friend suggested we try Red Fish Grill. We made a reservation and let them know what we were celebrating. Our server was Ike and he made the entire experience truly special. He provided excellent food recommendations and kept us laughing and entertained the whole time. He even hooked us up with a surprise for our anniversary. Thank you, Ike for making our experience so great and for providing such wonderful service! We will definitely recommend this place to friends and family! Wonderful atmosphere and cuisine!My bf and I had just drove in and this was the first restaurant we tried late on a Friday night. 
The food was very very delicious! Some of the best I've had in the several times I've come to New Orleans. We had the crab claws as an appetizer and I had the catfish. Both superb! 
The service was very blasé. Our waiter seemed like he wanted to go home 2 hours ago. He never made eye contact and very seldomly checked on our table. 
Regardless of the service I would definitely be back because the food was just that good!The grilled mahi mahi with side vegetable was delicious.  Ala carte sauteed spinach was decent.  The ala carte chicken was dry.  The mini loaf of bread was dry and hollow.Another Brennan's Restaurant...but with a trendier twist.
The BBQ Oysters, which are more like "Buffalo" style oyster, are lightly fried, tossed in hot sauce, and served with blue cheese dipping sauce...they are extremely delicious!!
The Shrimp Rémoulade Napoleon is divine!!
Entrees are somewhat expensive....this is a nice place to stop for just drinks and an appetizer/salad meal.Sooooo Good! Amazing oysters on the half shell, melt in your mouth gumbo, crab cake to die forVisited in between lunch and dinner hours so menu was limited. Seems like a tourist spot, right on bourbon street. Fried green tomato w crab was good. Cheap local beer. Probably wouldn't go back, but not bad.So let's just the most amazing bread pudding ever! Also, I did a couple of apps and gumbo for my meal and it was all excellent.The food was good, but the seats were uncomfortable. Listen, I get it...the more uncomfortable the seats are, the quicker you turn over the tables. Unfortunately, all their seating is solid wood. If your rear-end is bony like mine, it becomes unbearably uncomfortable after about 30 minutes.  I would have liked to sit for a while and enjoy some dessert and coffee, but the seats simply would not allow it. For a restaurant charging $20-$40 for an entree, I would expect more than the McDonalds model for seating and comfort.
I had the Jambalaya Risotto...pretty good, but I think risotto is a bit on the gooey side by its very nature. I think it would have been better with a drier rice variety.It was a hot, sultry June night on Bourbon Street and we were tired and hungry and looking to escape the heat for dinner. They were very busy but we got in within 5 minutes and that was nice.  Broiled shrimp was delicious!Was only there for their oyster Happy Hour -my family definitely enjoyed it. We were visiting New Orleans for a few days and boys went there 3 days in a row! Service was friendly and we were able to watch the guys shuck our oysters at the bar. 
Also, the Alligator Sausage and Seafood Gumbo was delicious! I can't speak for any of the other menu items, but I'd be willing to try them the next I'm in town.Great service is pretty much the only thing outstanding. My husband and I have been here a few times over the years. This is our favorite city. Better food elsewhere. The BBQ oysters have been the only item I would come back for.I came here for lunch and split the BBQ oysters with friends.  They tasted just like Buffalo wings, and the oysters themselves melted in our mouths.  
I also had the grilled shrimp and blackened avocado po'boy, which was quite tasty.  However, I was a little put off by the fact that the shrimp were not deveined.  This is supposed to be a relatively nice seafood place, so I found that to be a bit surprising.
The service was pretty quick and friendly.I really wish I lived closer to New Orleans so I could make a trip to Red Fish Grill more often... I love seafood and this restaurant did not disappoint. I ordered the wood grilled red fish, and my husband ordered the seared yellowfin tuna salad. Both dishes were so fresh and had layers on layers of flavor. I was more than impressed. And speaking of fresh, the caprese salad was one of the best I've ever had. 
The service was amazing and our waitress went out of her way to make sure we felt welcome. She asked if we were on vacation and we informed her that we were on our honeymoon. At the end of the meal we're brought out bread pudding on the house. It was so delicious and a perfect way to end the meal. This was bar none one of the best meals we had on our honeymoon!The place to go. Just be hungry. Not because the portion sizes  are huge. They are average. It's because the appetizers are so good. Redfish stew is to die for. But the bar be que oysters steal the show. All of their entries are tasty as well. Stand in line at the oyster house or 1 block more you can be at redfish.My first stop entering the French Quarter. I got lucky. I did not have lunch or dinner here but can attest to the ice cold Abita beer and fat, plump, velvety, rich Oysters. Please see pics. The oyster maestro was a cool cat that shucked like a mother shucker. I thought west coast oysters were the end all be all. Wrong again. 
The best oysters in town.This was our 2nd time dining here- and what a let down from the
 1st time.
Not just food but the service.  We were there celebrating our 10th anniversary. Service was slow and food was mediocre.  With so many options it was so disappointing.Love the Redfish with or without crabmeat. The crab cakes are 98% crabmeat with little filler. Must mention their Category 5 Hurricane drink. But only have one.. Very potent. This is always our 1st stop when we get into NOLA.Our first day in NOLA we wandered into the FQ & wanted to go straight to Acme Oyster House...but we rounded the corner & saw a HUGE line. There was no way we were going to wait for who knows how long in that heat, so we decided to go to Red Fish Grill which we'd passed & looked nice & spacious & air conditioned! Glad we did. Colorful cheery ambiance, and we were seated right away. My friend & I shared a dozen oysters (which were good though there was grit on the shells, they should clean better) and then decided to split their "award-winning" BBQ oyster po-boy. When it came my friend thought to ask whether there was any other seafood in it since she has allergic reactions to mixed seafood. The waiter said not in the sandwich but that the oysters were fried in the same grease as other seafood. Thank goodness he knew that otherwise my friend might've eaten it & had a reaction! So I ate the whole po'boy & it was pretty good, and had quite a spicy kick to it as well. Overall a good, if not amazing, meal.Yum! Yum! YUM! We had oysters, jambalaya risotto, and catfish.  Everything was delicious! The Cat 5  hurricane was the best!!!!I had their specialty - grilled fish - snapper topped with crab - delicious!! The service was superb and the wonderful baguette that they serve: we needed 2 because I didn't want to share with my husband. It has a crisp outer crust and so soft in the middle - Yum!
It was Thursday night so we were seated right away. The AC was blasting but it was an 80 degree day. Overall good eats - you will not be disappointed!We're from Oklahoma passing through for our honeymoon and loved this place. We had the gumbo.. so good! And next split the B.L.A salad, best bleu cheese dressing ever (and I usually hate that stuff) and don't forget that bacon on top! So flavorful. I had the crab cake as my entree and my husband had the swordfish! We definitely thought this was one of the best meals we've ever had. We spent a pretty penny but felt the atmosphere and food was worrhMost amazing meal. It was loud and busy but both the service and food were great, Kevin was our waiter and he gave us some great recommendations. We had a sampler to start with shrimp hush puppies, marinaded shrimp, and the best part of the meal were the crab claws that came in the most delicious sauce. Honestly the best thing we ate on our trip to NOLA. Definitely try the alligator sausage gumbo it was delicious as well as the redfish. This is a must go!Loved this place. I ate the best jambalaya ever here. Actually I would go far as to say it ss almost the best food I ever tasted. For essentially a rice dish that is saying a lot. It was simply awesome. Seasoning was perfect. Service was excellent. Oysters were huge, and very tasty.Red Fish Grill was a pleasant surprise - given the Bourbon Street location and the size of the restaurant, i was concerned that it was going to be a zoo or bland or touristy, but our table of 10 for brunch was seated promptly and our waiter was very professional and helpful. Food was good, well prepared and not too self consciously fancy. Price was reasonable. It's tough to make everyone in a party of 10 with an age range of 70 or so years, happy, but everybody walked out of there content.
I would definitely go there again.Superb service from Waiter Ike, made the entire meal fun and engaging. The food was just as good as the service. Definitely go and eat there and ask to be served by Ike!!!I came here on the recommendation of my father, who had recently been to New Orleans and declared their lemon fish entrée "One of the best meals I've had in the past year. Period." Given this high praise (and it is, he's quite the picky restaurant eater), I had to give it a try.
At first entry, I was a little worried: the gaudy interior gave me flashbacks of my not-so-halcyon days of waitressing at Red Lobster during college. Between this and the giant billboards at the airport (and its prime Bourbon St. location), I was worried that my father's tastes had diverged substantially from mine, and that I had just led my boss into a giant tourist trap that wouldn't quite deliver on its French Quarter prices.
Thankfully, our knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive waiter, Andrew, quickly put my fears to rest. We started with some raw oysters, which were fresh, large, and quite mild. They're served with lemon and cocktail sauce, as well as saltines. As a mignonette lover, I was bummed that they didn't have any, but Andrew was quick to offer a variety of vinegars and other sauces he could bring me in substitution, if I was so inclined.
Our meal came out quite quickly (service is perhaps too efficient), and was well-executed. The grilled Portobello was superb and paired well with the grilled asparagus and red pepper sauce, and the fish was firm but flaky and moist. It was a great, light dinner and the fish itself was at a reasonable price point ($21) given its tourist-central location.
Had I only eaten here, I probably would give 3 stars for good service, good food, at reasonable prices in a touristy atmosphere. However, after eating at a few other places in the area, I had to bump it up to 4 stars because they went easy on the salt shaker and allowed the flavors of the meal to shine.Ladies and Gentlemen, this place cannot be beat.  Fresh bread and the best oysters ever, whether on the half shell or BBQ!! They are the Bomb! Plus, my friends and I inhaled the pecan pie profiterole--for $8 bucks folks, dang, it tasted like a million bucks!!! I also inhaled my filet entree and mashed potatoes...literally I wanted to lick my plate!! Loved it--plus the service was fantastic!!!! GO!i had the Fish Burger.
it was actually wayyyyyy better than expected.
i would definitely re order this next time.Came to this restaurant because it was recommended to us by our Uber driver and we were able to make some last minute reservations.  When we arrived, the place was packed and they provide you a number and direct you into the bar area to wait.  Eventhough we had reservations, we ended up having to wait almost 25minutes for table.  We tried their
Fried oysters
Oysters on the half-shell
Fried okra (special request)
Gumbo
Jambalaya risotto
Crab Cakes
Sautéed Gulf Shrimp
The raw oysters were extremely fresh and good. I would recommend the fried oysters if you like blue cheese. Highlight for me was the crab cakes and raw oysters.  
We must have come during the busiest time of the evening because the food took close to 45 minutes to come out. Once the food came out, it was good. We definitely come back for the food and the pricing is reasonable, dozen oysters for $17.50.We heard great reviews about Red Fish Grill so we decided to take our friend here for her birthday. This was our first visit in New Orleans and we wanted to try new local restaurants. We made a reservation the same day in the evening. As soon as we arrived we were immediately seated. The food was great and the service was excellent. They were a bit busy on Friday night but our server still made sure we were taken care of. We would definitely return!Every time we come here, it is great. This past experience, we came for lunch. Our server was extremely friendly and the food came out quick with our party of 6. We always come here for the BBQ oysters - they are my absolutely favorite of anywhere - you can eat the half dozen or dozen for lunch depending upon how hungry you are. Everyone really enjoyed their meals. Make a reservation!Great spot for happy hour oysters on Bourbon St.   Only 1/2 block north of Canal St.  and do a wonderful 50 cent shucked gulf oyster. 6 bucks a dozen and 2 for 1 wells from 3-6.  Sit up at the bar for great service and a grand time. Best deal in town.They are noted for their oyster appetizer .. fried oysters in bbq and topped with blue cheese ... the oysters were small but this was very good .. sorta rich.  This was on several foodie lists to try .. so if you like oysters .. give it a try.  We finished the meal with the double chocolate bread pudding which was soooo sweet might be too much for some .. but I'm a fat foodie so up to the challenge.The food was so delicious! I don't eat seafood or fish but the Alligator Boudin Balls were amazing with the medley of flavors and the sweet potato cheddar grits were a girl's best friend, reminiscent of my grandma's cooking. Yummy! Finishing the meal was a chocolaty dessert- Double Chocolate Bread Pudding a la mode! All I can say is, "Wow!"I sat at the bar and the bartender was very helpful and attentive when providing recommendations. I treated myself to three courses:
1) Appetizer-Shrimp and Alligator sausage Gumbo. Coming to visit New Orleans, I had to try it. I would say it tasted great, but I was expecting it to be heartier with more pieces of shrimp and alligator sausage.
2) Main course- Herbsaint Flamed Catfish. The bartender informed me that the Herbsaint liquor gives the fish a licorice flavor. I don't like licorice but I decided to try it anyway. I'm glad I did because the licorice didn't overpower the fish at all, in fact it complemented the fish well.
3) Dessert- Double chocolate bread pudding- It was their signature dessert! Luckily I had enough time because it takes 20 minutes for them to prepare it. But it was well worth the wait! I'm not a dessert person but I enjoyed it.
Lastly, I've been trying to get into different types of bourbons. The bartender gave me a sampling of a couple different types and educated me on them.
Overall, the food was good but the service ultimately pushed it up to 5 stars!I eat here about once every other month, mostly taking friends visiting the area. Most knock it because it's a big tourist mainstay, but the food is really decent.
At least here you know for sure your food was cooked on clean cookwear, unlike a lot places elsewhere in the city...Went for lunch, i was surprised at how not full it was at noon on a sunday (maybe everyone is hung over after a late saturday). Service was speedy and helpful. I went for the bbq shrimp poboy. Lots of shrimp on the sandwich. BBQ sauce wasn't what i expected, but made a pretty tasty lunch. Husband went for the roast beef poboy. Loved the horseradish sauce! Roast beef ware more a pot roast consistency, but this made the sandwich easy to eat. House salad was good (a bit pricey, but maybe this is due to the locale). I would go back (but there are so many other places i want to try in the poboy exploration).Simply delicious! We started with the signature BBQ oysters and the sampler. Then continued with red fish with crab and ended with banana foster. I would order the exact same thing again. But my favorite was the BBQ oysters, they are a must have!I was fucking wasted from but what I can remember the food was hot shit. The alligator balls were the bomb. I didn't give it 5 stars for the fact that I wasn't 100% coherent and can't really remember how it really tasted.We only were at the bar.  We were there for happy hour.  The raw oysters were really good and only fifty cents a piece during happy hour.  We also went back and had the bbq oysters.  They were good. The service was excellent. The place is very crowded and mostly tourists. We were only staying a block from Bourbon street where the restaurant is located, so it was very easy to get to from the hotel.My mom and I were in town for her birthday, and popped in here for dinner before going to see a show. I'm glad I made a reservation on a Friday night via Open Table beforehand, since it was quite busy. Our server, George, was incredible. We ordered fresh oysters, really delightful tuna tartare, and an incredible salad with pecans and bacon. Our server understood that we had to make our show in time, and got us what we needed quickly. I would most certainly come back for another more leisurely dining experience another time.Great food, atmosphere and the service is unbelievable! We had the red fish and the Shrimp gumbo jambalaya, totally recomed both, also they make a mean category 5 Hurricane!Awesome but my meal alone was $52 w/o tip.....fantastic but left hungry. Cant say I've left a restaurant hungry in a while.  But get ready it's super pricey.  I had fish and gumbo that's it.Excellent food and the service from Ike was impeccable. Great decor. Great raw oysters (get the fresh horseradish, it will blow your head off!). Great Buffalo style fried oysters, gumbo, Bloody Mary's. We went three times and each time was fantastic.I have had dinner here several times as a couple and as part of a larger business group. They can do it all. The fish is wonderful and the Cajun specialties are really really good. Try the gator, Boudan and Crawfish. Always wonderful. Bar scene is lively and it can be fun to just dine there. table service is good and they handle groups well. Do go here, you will not regret it!*THIS REVIEW IS FROM OUR LAST VISIT TO NEW ORLEANS IN 2011*
My better half is a noted dessert-ophile, while I always opt for the more savory option. So when I heard that we were headed there for a Double Chocolate Bread Pudding that she described as her "FAVORITE DESSERT EVARRR!!!1!!," I was excited. For her. I mean this was probably the first plan we made after we booked our flight. And for some dessert... 
I will review in reverse order, so as to give this shining star precedent. That Bread Pudding actually exceeded it's Lebron James-level hype (excuse the basketball references, we were in N.O. over NBA All-Star Weekend). And given that it was the last thing we ate, I guess it actually knows how to finish strong (Ziiiiiiiiing Lebron)! But all kidding aside, this was a serious dessert. So delicious with it's 2 little saucers of white and dark chocolate ganache that the waiter pours on. It is decadent...moist...warm...give me a moment...yea that good.
And I don't even have a real sweet tooth.
Continuing in reverse, my highlight of the meal, the BBQ Oysters. We got a platter that had calimari, shrimp, and these fantastic gems of BBQed deliciousness. Not to knock the other 2 items, which were just fine, but it's like standing 2 attractive high school girls next to Minka Kelly. "It's not your fault, I'm sure you're very nice. Maybe when you mature and...who are we kidding. Thanks for playing." I can't stress enough how insanely tasty these things were. We ate here after Drago's and thought they were even better than their famous chargrilled variety.
Firstly (and lastly for this review) we had a cup of Gator and sausage gumbo that shouldn't be overlooked. It was fantastic, but unfortunately was the "Chris Bosh" of the "Big 3" (you decide Lebron/Wade on the savory/sweet debate), and really get's overlooked by it's flashier brethren.
Nice atmosphere, an outlet right into the wilderness of Bourbon street, fantastically friendly wait staff, fairly reasonable price. All of that teamed with the All-Star food, and  this place was a...(wait for it)...SLAM DUNK! (truly sorry about that last one)The grilled redfish with crawfish tails was possibly the best seafood entrée I have ever eaten.Excellent fish entrees, but portions are not that big for the price. The wait staff were very friendly!I had the fish tacos which were okay. The bourbon milk punch was okay too. This place over all was just okay for me. The staff was nice and attentive here.Great for a large group.  Seated exactly when our reservation time was set.  Large bar for waiting.  Nicely prepared dishes and excellent wait staff. Corn maque choux and the redfish signature dish were amazing.  the fried oysters with blue cheese were incredible.  I'm a local and I know the good from the bad when it comes to NOLA food.   this place is really, really good!While in town for work, a group of 8 of us came in for a meal. We were lucky to have gotten a reservation the same day. 
Right on Bourbon Street, Redfish get super busy!
Despite the huge crowds, we were seated at exactly our reservation time.
The staff is very prompt and attentive. 
I ordered the oysters in a half shell and their shrimp and grits. 
My meal was amazing! Oysters were so yummy! And the shrimp and grits! Wow! A nice little spice on the grits, and the dish was topped with crispy pancetta! 
They have a very nice bar with affordable drink prices. 
Everyone at the table enjoyed their meals!Wow! First of all the food - the Red Fish with crab blew my mind. We also ordered the alligator boudin, very first time eating alligator but our waiter Michael convinced us - definitely worth it! He was very insightful on every dish and drink we asked. We had two different manager visits asking how we were doing and how the food tasted. When we were originally seated we were placed under a vent - the manager immediately noticed and asked if we wanted to be moved and promptly prepared a new table for us. This is my first time to NOLA and I am very impressed with the food and service.This was an amazing experience with amazing service.  Me and my fiancé had the pleasure of having Andre as our waiter.  He gave us great advice on the menu, the alligator boudin balls were phenomenal, and so was the fried green tomatoes with the lump crab meat were also great.  The drinks are great and the atmosphere was the cherry on the top! Definitely a must visit when your in NAWLINS!!Underwhelmed. I've been to NO a number of times over the years and rarely had a misfire. My son and me came to Red Fish for lunch yesterday. The main restaurant was closing so we went to the bar. Service was good attentive and fast. The food,  however,  was disappointing.  I had gumbo that was OK. Nothing great. That was driven home by the 3 gumbos I had as appetizers at subsequent restaurants which were far superior. I also had the Red Fish Stew which was not good at all.  The taste was fine but it was really a broth and not a stew. It was a dark red but thin broth. There may have been 4- 5 tiny meat like items if I scraped the spoon along the bottom of the bowl.As good as the reviews told us it would be. My only disappointment is that the crabmeat was not available this time of year. I ordered the red fish with the sautéed shrimp excellent choice.We weren't sure where to fine in the French Quarter since there are so many options. We chose Red Fish Grill because it looked nice enough, but also we were fine wearing our casual clothes and my husband was able to wear his hat inside. 
I misread the menu outside and was disappointed to find out that the poboys are only available at lunch. We started with the Gulf Coast Sampler that included: bbq crab claws, cheese and jalepeno hush puppies and creole boiled shrimp. We LOVED the crab claws because of the delicious sauce they were dipped in. The shrimp and hush puppies were good too, but we just kept dipping them in the left over sauce:) Our main entrees did not disappoint either, we ordered the jambalaya risotto and the shrimp and grits. Everything was awesome!! But the grits were absolutely to dieeeee for. They also had some of the same yummy sauce from the crab claws drizzled on top. 
We were overall VERY pleased with our meal!Dining area is cramped. Atmosphere was dank, outdated and not up to par for a restaurant with this price of food. Hostess clearly set us in the worst table in the dining area even though it wasn't crowded. Restaurant wasn't crowded at Mardi Gras time. Perhaps that was clue and there was a better choice to experience New Orleans food. BBQ shrimp was good. Fish entrees were decent. Server seemed to be knowledgeable about menu and pleasant. Hostess needs some people skills and could have been more accommodating. Manager chalked up poor table to everyone likes different things and that's why there's 31 flavors. He also made us feel like it was our fault for not requesting table change immediately. Unfortunately we didn't know table was going to be bumped into by every waiter and guest that walked through. Food was good but not outstanding and again atmosphere, management and hostess staff left something to be desired. This was probably not a good example of a New Orleans cuisine experience.Wonderful wonderful! This place has been so great every time I have come here. We make sure to have a meal here each time we are in New Orleans.Waiters were nice. Just the food was mediocre and the drinks we're meh. Happy about the happy hour prices but that's about it.This place was fine. Food was fine. Decor was fine. Perhaps you're sensing a theme? Maybe if I hadn't eaten at multiple other places in NOLA that were excellent, I would be raving about this place. But I have, so I can't.
Our waiter was over-enthusiastic, and, surprise, surprise, pushed the most expensive items on the menu. My favorite part of the entire meal was actually my cocktail, the Orleans Cup which was infused gin, lime juice and ginger beer.  After craving gumbo the entire week, theirs was a disappointment, with too much rice, not enough seafood, and surprisingly thin broth.
For my meal I had the blackened tuna bowl: fried rice, satsuma ponzu, shaved vegetables, Tabasco, and sunny side up quail egg. The quail egg actually made no sense - it wasn't like the dime-sized yolk would break and run down into the rice, which is the normal reason to serve an egg over rice. The tuna, while perfectly cooked, was borderline flavorless.  It's my fault - I get it - I should not have ordered tuna in a place called red fish - but I was in the mood for something not saturated in butter.
They have a chocolate bread pudding for dessert which my friends raved about, but honestly, it more like a cruise ship's molten lava cake than true bread pudding to me. If my friend makes me, I'll eat here again, but otherwise, life's too short.Stopped by here for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon and sat at the bar... The bartender was attentive enough to make it comfortable. The gumbo and jambalaya risotto were both delicious! It was also cool to see the oysters being shucked right there at the oyster bar. Overall, I was very pleasantly surprised.We were meeting up with friends for dinner and they chose the Red Fish Grill. I looked at the menu and I was appalled! I was unprepared for the prices here. I guess that's what you get for eating in the French Quarter. Looking past the prices, I was excited to share the crab cake appetizer and the shrimp and grits entree with my wife. 
The server was amazing!! Ike was truly a master of service. I was very happy. He told us all about the menu and the specials. He went through it all. It was an experience.
Once we got the crab cake, my taste buds were in heaven! It was yummy and had some great flavors. I was sad when there wasn't anything left on the plate.
The shrimp and grits came out and Ike had the kitchen split the entree for us. My bowl had a full shrimp and some fried green tomatoes on top of the grits. The grits were more like mashed potatoes and the sauce that was swimming around my bowl was oily. I could not finish my plate because it was too greasy. 
The location of the restaurant was right at the beginning of Bourbon Street so I believe that plays a role in the price and the "eh" tasting good.  I was soarly disappointed.I am a fan of this place and have been here a few times. Note - they recently changed their menu and no longer have salmon/ some other items that they used to serve anymore. 
I ordered the catfish with shrimp etouffee and it was incredible - had a bit of a kick to it but was really good. My friends ordered the gulf shrimp with lemon butter sauce, roasted local vegetables, and gumbo - and there was not a piece of food left on the table.
The service was good and I would definitely recommend to make a reservation when you go since it can get really crowded almost every night.The signature redfish special was well done.  The grilled fish was soft, flakey, and nicely moist.  Flavor of the sauce and spiced breading/rub was exceptional.
Service was okay, nothing exceptional but not bad either.   For a popular place that was busy in French Quarter that is head and shoulders above other places.
I would definitely keep this place on my list of place to eat at when in New Orleans.Excellent meal and experience!  Alligator balls were delicious and the holy trinity jambalaya was spectacular!  Bread is perfect New Orleans style - crisp on the outside, soft on the inside and the bread pudding is a must. Will definitely eat here again on my next trip to the city.Red Fish Grill is located next door to the Crowne Plaza in the French Quarter. It was recommended by a colleague so I decided to stop by on my last night in New Orleans. I sat at the bar and was recommended to get the blackened tuna bowl by both the bartenders. It was delicious, but I was too distracted by the gentleman on my right who had the filet and the woman on my left who had the whole crispy redfish. All dishes coming out looked amazing so I'm sure you couldn't go wrong with any of them. For dessert, I had their classic double chocolate bread pudding - absolutely the BEST bread pudding in New Orleans! I'll definitely go back just for this-Decent but hardly worthy of the $27 entree 
The entree was cold and they brought it while someone at the table had barely touched their gumbo.
It was lunchtime and so seemed odd that they didn't have a sense of how to time things.
The waiter was marginal at best.  The service, the atmosphere and the experience were not in line with the pricing.
He told us that the bread pudding would take 20 minutes so we had to order in advance - and then we said we were interested after our entrees it hit the table within 3 minutes.
Seemed a bit contrived... very average.Had a great experience. Servers Andrew and Adam were a great team. The bbq oysters were tender and seasoned perfectly. I actually shared them with a table next to me because my dining partner doesn't do oysters. In turn, they shared their wine! The redfish with crab was wonderful.Stopped In for lunch and it was a nice experience.   I had the oyster Po boy and it was fairly good. I also had the gumbo which was very good. I would have rather had more gumbo and skipped the sandwhich. Service was good and we had a window seat which made for great people watching on Bourbon.I ate here last year and it was awesome - I had really high hopes for it again this time.  We got to the restaurant and they had our reservation ready right on time.  
We order the BBQ oysters - which are actually what I would call Buffalo Oysters but they are delicious by any name.  The were fried perfectly with just enough hot sauce and delicious blue cheese dressing.
However, this is where the experience went off the rails.  We each got the Hickory Grilled Red Fish - which is called the house specialty on the menu.  I honestly believe that this dish might be so popular that they are just always cooking them because the entrée seemed to come out pretty quickly and the temperature was not really hot.  The fish was kind of torn apart and not well seasoned.  The potato mixtures was also bland.  The crabmeat was good, but there was little of it.  
We got bread pudding for dessert, which is also supposed to be a house specialty.  We found that to be a little dry.
At least we will always have BBQ oysters together, Red Fish Grill!The red fish was awesome!  Hence the name of the place, it's a must-try!  The crab claw appetizer was good as well, but it's a little rich, so for those of you who like that, you'll love it!  We sat at the bar and received excellent service, and we were given a free chocolate bread pudding to share for dessert!  Excellent experience if you find yourself in the Quarter and want a decent meal without spending an arm and a leg or having to worry about dressing up.Our server was extremely knowledgeable about the menu and took the time to give us a bunch of suggestions before we ordered. I actually do not eat seafood so I ordered chicken and didn't expect much from a seafood place but it was actually perfectly fine. All of my friends loved their seafood dishes. Note: potato sticks does not mean French fries. They brought out free bread bread while you wait--I love when that happens. Now for the bathroom, actually the nicest public bathroom that I have been in this weekend (although that's not saying too much). Normally I would deduct a star for urine on the seat but my friend admitted that it was her so I won't fault the restaurant for that.I don't understand why people rave about this place.  The food leaves much to be desired.  My wife and I went there for lunch based on the recommendations of a friend as well as the reviews on Yelp.  We ended up getting the gumbo, Po'boy oyster sandwich, and the Po'boy shrimp sandwich.  First off, the gumbo was okay, but I've had much better gumbo back home in Tampa, FL...TAMPA, FL which is not known for Cajun food!  The flavor was decent, but I expected more kick out of it.  As far as the Po'boy oyster sandwich goes, all I tasted was the blue cheese dressing within the sandwich.  And I think there was way more breading than oyster in the sandwich.  If you buy a Po'boy oyster sandwich, shouldn't you be able to taste the oysters within the sandwich?  If you had blindfolded me, I would never have been able to guess there were oysters in the sandwich.  If you were to submit, this sandwich to a game show on the Food Network, I'm sure all of the judges would agree with this!  Finally, the Po'boy shrimp sandwich was okay, but nothing to get excited about.  This sandwich would have benefited tremendously from some Cajun seasoning.  However, on the positive side, I could actually taste the shrimp in this sandwich unlike the Po'boy oyster sandwich.  Maybe we just ordered the wrong things at Red Fish Grill.  However, this is New Orleans!  You should at a minimum perfect these traditional menu items that New Orleans is known for before serving it or anything anything else on the menu.  If they wanted to, I think McDonalds could have made these menu items better than Red Fish Grill!  Save your money and avoid the hype!  Avoid Red Fish Grill.This is a very solid restaurant for fresh seafood.  While the menu does have a New Orleans flair, it is not a Cajun or Creole restaurant.  Most at our table had the wood grilled fish which was excellent.  Moist, flaky, fresh, with a very nice and subtle wood grilled flavor.  The option of adding lump crabmeat is NOT a good value.  For an extra $10 we got about one tablespoon of crab meat.  The raw oysters were very fresh, jumbo-sized, and very good.  We got several desserts that were equally good.  One of the best restaurants we visited in New Orleans.
Update:  Visited the restaurant again 3/2016.  Service and food quality just as good.  Very good value for the price (in comparison to what other top restaurants charge).a good spot-- great food.  but its a bit noisy and there is so much good food in new orleans its hard to measure up.  but its definitely a great spot and i would recommend.The French bread was very tasty.  The redfish special was just ok but everything else that we had was delicious.Solid restaurant, mid range with a private dining room. Got oysters and gumbo for lunch, and service was impeccable. Definitely recommend any time.This was easily the best meal during my stay in NOLA. We originally planned to go to happy to take advantage of the 50 cent oysters and 2 for 1 drinks but with a party of 6, there wasn't room. We instead sat in the dining room for dinner, but the manager and our waitress were kind enough to give us a dozen free BBQ oysters for free! They also gave excellent recommendations, had the best raw oysters I ever had, and the jambalaya and shrimp & grits were amazing. Drinks were also Highly recommend for any party looking for quality seafood.In NOLA for a girls trip and it was recommended we try Red Fish. The reviews are right, this place is phenomenal!  Great ambiance, wonderful service and terrific food. Highly recommend the oyster po boyI wanted this place to be better. It came recommended but the food was pretty average and expensive. I don't think I would go back.Food was great , I had got the red fish , My Family got cat fish it was great service was great I would definitely be coming back .The food there was alright, but I definately think there are much better places to eat in the area. 
I got the BBQ fried oysters and gumbo and the person I was with got the whole red-fish. I didn't think the oysters or the redfish were anything special, but the gumbo was tasty.
Overall, considering the price, I would much rather eat elsewhere if I'm in the area.Went here for a group dinner, and it was fantastic. It was quite busy, but not so crowded that I couldn't hear what the people next to me were saying. The service was fantastic, and the waitress was more than willing to give me a recommendation on wine and food pairings. 
We had a sampler to start with. It had a Garlic Crab Pot, Crispy Boudin Cakes, and Louisiana Shrimp Remoulade Salad. The Crab Pot was okay, but not a whole lot of meat. The shrimp was good, a little spicy though. But I loved the Boudin Cakes. They were delicious, as was the mustard they were served with. 
Next came a salad that was so-so. Good dressing, but I really dislike having to cut up my own lettuce. For an entree the waitress had suggested the grilled snapper. It was really delicious, and was served with potatoes and sauce that I just loved. And to top it all off, the chocolate bread pudding. I definitely recommend trying that, it wasn't quite like any other bread pudding I've had before. But it was definitely good.Our server was Tim M. and he was terrific.  Really enjoyed the service here.  The BBQ oysters are a must.  My wife even liked them and she isn't a fan of oysters.  The BBQ yellowfin tuna with creole mustard sauce was to die for.  Very good.  Also loved the alligator boudin balls.  You need to try them.  Terrific alligator sausage and seafood gumbo.  That wasn't enough since we finished it off with the Double chocolate bread pudding with ice cream.  Red Fish Grill was fantastic!  Food was great and Tim made our evening even better.My food here was waaaay too salty (and I like salty food), but the main reason why I am going with the singular star here is because of the WINE.  My friend and I asked if they had any half liters, because we didn't really want to drink a whole bottle of wine with dinner. Our server said they had one, and we ordered it. After our not-so-good dinner, the bill came and turns out the had server sold us a $40 half liter of wine without bothering to bring it to our attention that full bottles started at about $25! It was highway robbery of tourists at its finest and I WILL never go back to the Red Fish. I do not recommend it in the least.Don't ever WAIT if they tell you 45-60 minutes, 
it takes an hour and half.
Also, the place is TOO LOUD!!!!!!
and the tables are TOO Close together, 
unless you like people and waiters bumping you as they pass by.
Went to the much BETTER Restaurant, the Oceana, the next night, seated in 2 minutes, Quiet, and plenty of room between tables, very enjoyable.
and NO I don't work for the Oceana, just a frequent eater, who can vote with my dollars and feet on where I want to dine.
Next restaurant that tells me more than 30 minutes, they are guessing.
If I have to eat there, and they say 45 minutes to an hour, I am going to ask what time will I be seated with a waiter in front of me.We were in New Orleans for my sisters bachelorette weekend and after numerous recommendations we decided to try this place. I made a reservation for us prior to arriving in New Orleans since we would be dining with a group of 11. Although this restaurant is a good size it seems to stay pretty busy and when we first arrived we had a short wait for our table but were able to grab a drink and then we were taken to our table in the back room. There was another bachelorette party in the same room which made it a little loud but overall it was a good spot for a group our size. Our service was really good from start to finish and everyone enjoyed what they ordered. One of our favorite items of the entire night were the bbq shrimp which came with a house made blue cheese dressing. These were delicious and definitely the star of the show to my sisters and I. I also tried the shrimp lettuce wraps as I couldn't seem to get enough shrimp while on this trip since everything tasted so fresh compared to what I'm used to! The lettuce wraps were good as well and we left the restaurant a happy group!Ike was awesome!! Great hospitality & extremely friendly! The BBQ oysters were delicious!The place is amazing make sure you make reservations.  The food is great. We had the fried oysters and let me tell you, it was different but so delicious.  I have the crawfish cake , it was so good. The chocolate pudding with ice cream is amazing. The staff is friendly  and the ambiance is fun!!OK...Saturday night...everywhere is packed. We otp'ed to head to Bourbon St and see what we can find. Taxi drops us off on the corner of Bourbon and Canal and we see Red Fish. 
We jumped on a table at the bar and I thought to myself. "How good is this place going to be, given the location and open table." The answer is..."Very Good!"
Started with some great fresh bread and a terrific Gumbo. Then HICKORY GRILLED REDFISH. Light, flaky, super good.
AND OH! Preorder the Bread Pudding!We love this restaurant! Ate here three days in a row. We made reservations using the Open Table app and was seated right away.  After standing on line for one hour at the Parkway Tavern for po' boy sandwiches, we were done with waiting forever for food! Why are people waiting outside of Acme when you can get a great meal along with great service here! All of the staff are extremely nice. Whenever we come to NOLA we will be sure to return!We loved Red Fish Grill. We had dinner here and it was so good that we came back for lunch a few days later. Our server, Hannibal, was fantastic: very attentive, patiently answered all of our questions, gave great recommendations, friendly and professional. 
Dinner:
BBQ Oysters & Crispy Des Allemands Catfish: I think this was my husband's favorite meal during our visit to NOLA; very flavorful, generous portion
Yellowfin Tuna with Lemon Butter: This was my favorite meal on our trip. I normally like my fish cooked well, but this was seared with a slightly raw center and I still found it delicious. OMG, so good, wish I could have another piece right now. 
Bananas Foster Ice Cream Cake: Not bad, but I wouldn't order it again. 
Lunch:
Gulf Oysters & BBQ Oyster Po-boy: very tasty
Blackened Redfish Melt: kind of like a tuna melt with a cup of their redfish bisquePortions are really, really small for a little person's standard.   Too hoity-toity.  Not worth the buck.  Go to other restaurants on the strip that offer better value.  Craving for raw oysters?  Try Acme.The food here was absolutely incredible! I am from Long Island and have exposure to a wide variety of fish, the dishes here were fresh, flavorful and unique! Cocktails were perfectly made and there was a very large selection. All the wait staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Our waitress, Thuy, was polite, funny, friendly, and extremely professional. She made the dining experience the best we have had in New Orleans!This place was in our hotel so it's customary to at least give it a shot. Besides the BBQ Oyster Po' Boy, I don't see a reason to come here. The service is gruelingly lackluster and the rest of the dishes aim high but fall short, and there's so many great places to eat nearby.Beyond the slightly disappointing Bloody Mary, I could find nothing to complain about  at Red Fish.  I hit up one of their specials, a shrimp rockefeller po'boy, for lunch and also enjoyed a cup of soup as well.  The staff was friendly and in no rush to push us out after we ate.  
We originally planned to enjoy Red Fish for dinner, but the rainy day had us altering our plans, as it is just across the street from the Crowne.  My next trip to Nola will most certainly include a dinner visit.First night in New Orleans and my group got in after 9pm and was hungry. We tried going to another restaurant first and they closed early, and happened upon the red fish and really enjoyed our meal.  We had a group of 5 were seated immediately and our waiter was right there to get us started with drinks and our cold Abita ambers were up in no time. We all ordered gumbo to start and I had the shrimp and grits and they were both terrific.  The gumbo had lots of flavor with andouille and shrimp all through it.  And the shrimp and grits was terrific with nice big BBQ prawns in a great sauce.  Others at the table had the red fish and loved it as well.  All in all the service was great, very helpful and personable and the food was a great too. I'd come back here when I'm back in NO.The best restaurant I went to in NOLA! You get a french bread at the beginning of your meal. The deep fried oysters here are a must as the sauces are great! Additionally, the etouffe was so flavorful and had large chunks of crawfish and seafood. The fried catfish on top had some Honey mustard to add a sweetness. Our waiter was super friendly and accommodating to all of our questions! Great recommendations.The culinary tour of the "Big Easy" continues. I had to eat here, besides getting lots of stars on Yelp! The Restaurant owner & I share the same great Irish surname. I wonder if we're distant relatives. 
The staff were very nice , I showed up for my reservation almost 20 mins early, but they seated me immediately. Atmosphere was more casual than I anticipated given the pricing on the menu, think food court at a mall, couple dozen "4 seat" tables very close to each other & a handful of booths. 
I think noisy is a fair description. 
Starters - weird, I'm in New Orleans, and I ordered 1/2 dozen raw oysters. I'm beginning to think I like these things. Also, here in NOLA where they are a restaurant "staple" they tend to be good. These met that expectation, I think I could eat my weight in oysters. Yum! 
Drinks, I had the "Vieux Carré Hurricane" ("Old Square" Hurricane), well actually I had two of them. I'm becoming a fan of this cocktail, a slightly "fruitier" Mai Tai, if you will. I also had the in house sparkling water "Natura" a decent replacement for a San Pellegrino or Perrier. 
For my main course, I went with the "signature" dish of the restaurant "Red Fish with lump crab & the fish was excellent, not over-cooked at all, very moist & flavorful. For $33 the size of the fish was suitable, but I think they were a bit stingy on the crab, seriously barely more than a mouthful. The lemon butter sauce was delicious, but the "parboil" potatoes (little tiny cubes) were something you imagined came from a frozen bag & not from a highly regarded seafood restaurant. 
All in all, it was decent, but I will probably try elsewhere next time.Service: attentive, helpful, and friendly!
Quality: the bread was microwaved right before it came to the table, so after a few minutes it was rock hard. The barbecue oysters were delicious! The gumbo was ok. I got the signature red fish dish and was a bit disappointed that it was only ok. My husband's shrimp & crawfish fettuccine was sooo good! Of course, we finished off with the chocolate bread pudding. It was a good experience!
Price: total for one trip with tip: $104. Be prepared to pay!Great restaurant. The wait staff was prompt and polite. They were really helpful in feeling pick items from a menu that had so many amazing choices. I had the BBQ shrimp and grits. It's one if those dishes I could probably eat everyday for the rest it my life. The raw oysters were the best I'd had ever in New Orleans. My only complaint was that my cocktail was in the very weak side. For $12, that was a bummer.Absolutely the worst experience I have had in a restaurant in years. While the waitress was very nice, we waited 30 minutes for glasses of wine to be delivered to the table, over 30 minutes for bread and over an hour for the food - that was mostly wrong and cold by the time it arrived. We spoke to the manager several times but it never got better. 
Stay away! There are so many great places to dine in New Orleans, don't waste any time or money here.We grabbed a table through open table on a rowdy Friday night in the Quarter. Food was all good, service excellent. But the show stopper was the chocolate bread pudding.Had a fabulous dinner at Red Fish Grill! This restaurant/bar is conveniently located right at the outset of Bourbon Street so it's not hard to find. There was a wait for dinner for about 20 min but we just hung out at the bar and got some drinks. Their cocktails looked great. I made a mental note to come back one day and try the Hurricane! 
For dinner, I got a shrimp fettuccini while my boyfriend got the sirloin steak and both were incredible. We also tried the crab claws appetizer which is ridiculously delicious - crispy and fried tiny pieces of crab.. amazing. I couldn't get enough of it. Wish we had this in NY. Service was great- we were checked on a few times and dinner was served promptly. The bill was a bit pricey but I think it was worth every penny :)Another awesome Restaraunt in the heart of New Orleans. Had to wait for a table but the Restaraunt is so big and table turn over is fast so it worth the wait. Very good service. Nice portions and a fun place. Check out the drink menu as they offer some unique drinks. The food? Awesome. Lots to share. Do without the bread as you will want to save room for their killer deserts. The bread and butter comes in a bag. It's funny. For the appetizers we shared gulf oysters on the half shell. Some one needs to train them in oyster shucking as they could have done a better job. The oysters are not yooj. The alligator Boudin balls were tasty. Charbroiled oyster gratin was pretty good with the French bread Cristini's. The alligator sausage and seafood gumbo is very tasty with a little kick to it. The creole jambalaya risotto is delicious. Definitely will come back.2nd time visit in 3 years. Took some friends and we all enjoyed the spicy but tasty seafood dishes. From alligator gumbo, seafood bisque,  fried oyster poboys,  blackened shrimp with avocado and fish tacos. A funky casual atmosphere, with cloth napkins.  If you want well seasoned food, enjoy. I will be back. Thanks Chris for your patience and
 informative service.We were in New Orleans last week and stayed at the Hyatt which is connected to this restaurant.  After reading a few reviews and it being on OpenTable we decided to give it a try. 
Overall we were pleased.  The service was good and attentive.  I had the special.  Redfish coated in a corn meal and panfried. It was on a bed of rice that had a pesto mixed in.  On top was a spicy tomato compote. It was good, tasty, well prepared and had a little zip.  My wife had grilled swordfish she liked it a lot it came with veggies there was lots of cauliflower. (Which is just not our favorite).  They even had a good kids menu our daughter got a bowl of angel hair pasta.  They have a decent wine list, we had a Northern Italian Pinot Grigio much better than your run-of-the-mill Pinot Grigio's.  
So we give redfish a thumbs up and we are glad we went there!My meal was amazing. I went for late lunch.  I had 2 signature dishes bbq oysters-  very good & red Rosh with crab.  I was delightful to get a green veggie on Bourbon St.  The bread was hot soft wonderful.  The house wine was very good my server Ann was free at & the manager was cordial also.  Would return.Holy crap. Spicy alligator boudin = best boudin I've ever had!!! 
The Cobb salad was beautiful & a very large portion - I shared the salad & the gumbo with my husband for lunch & we were both very full. 
Gumbo is great & not too salty, with plenty of seafood unlike some I've had. 
Cocktails were excellent also. Had the sparkling elixir to start, which was similar to a peach Bellini. An excellent Sazerac cocktail & to top it off a TRUE Moscow mule that blew my mind because NO ONE makes them properly anymore. A frozen copper glass, filled with crushed ice & expertly mixed. 
Perfect stop, absolutely loved it. Go during lunch to avoid the dinner rush, as this place is definitely popularDecided to come here for oyster happy hour, and as they are generally so great in New Orleans, price wise...
Turned out that the only drinks on special were beer and house wines, and was not touching any of the treacherous house wine, so we ordered a regularly priced $9 sauv blanc and a beer. 
Upon arrival, there was no server, so we went to place our orders at the bar. Minutes later, a server comes to our table and says that we have to order from him. Fine, we order our drinks for him. 
He then proceeds to take 10 minutes to bring the wine and beer over, by which point we actually were wondering what possibly could have happened, and I made a joke that he must be crushing the wine grapes with his feet in the back.
He more or less just threw the drinks down, and as we proceeded to order oysters, he would just throw those down as well. 
He was pretty absent the entire time, and certainly not customer service oriented.
Nevertheless, I thanked him whenever he throw the oysters at me, and when he closed out the bill, he had charged full price for the beers. 
We went to the bar to ensure the beers were on special as they had told us they were, during which point he came by the table and grabbed the bill with the credit card inside. We then had to chase him down as obviously the bill had not been corrected.
We had decided already we were not going to tip our normal 20%, as he was so blatantly rude and unhelpful, would have preferred to order at the bar ourselves (which would have been more expedient), and I was going to tip the bare minimum of 15% on the bill... However, pursuant to their own tipping calculations which they calculated prior to tax (I tip on the amount including tax), ironically the restaurant bill guidelines suggested less at 16% pre tax than I had planned to leave with the poor service.
He then comes over and takes the bill, opens it in front of us, glares at us, and walks away.
Had I not worked in the service industry when in Uni and graduate school, I would have gladly been one of those who leaves no tip at all given the circumstances. Needless to say, we will not be back. 
Also to note, they keep the restaurant frigid at all times, much like most places in New Orleans, so bring a sweater or scarf.We ended up at the Red Fish Grill when our other dinner plans fell through and everywhere else had a super long wait. We were very underwhelmed. Weight staff seemed over worked as they hardly came by the table, and did not refill drinks. My son ordered from the adult menu (he's 12 - kids menu says 10 and under) and they brought his drink in a tiny kid cup and never refilled it. Food was not that great. It was simply ok - and way overpriced. We went to a much better restaurant our first night in New Orleans and paid the same amount for much better quality food and much better service. 
If I had to break it down, the two star rating is a combination of three star food and one star service. Like, the waiter took my six year old's dinner AS HE WAS EATING IT. He had half a grilled cheese and all of his fries left. The rest of us were done but my younger one eats a lot slower and we were all patiently waiting when the waiter decided to scoop the food away and didn't even ask if he was done, or if he needed a box. Who does that?!Loved this place! We had great service and really enjoyed our food. The barbecue oysters are a must, hot sauce and blue cheese dressing - get a dozen! I also enjoyed the tuna bowl which has Asian flavors with Tasso ham in the fried rice. It was salty dish but I loved it! My husband loved his old fashion.  Ended our meal with a praline ice cream Sunday with bacon - an excellent combination! They also do reservations and are busy on the weekend so not a bad idea.  We got lucky and sat in the bar area, first come first serve area which was cool. We will be back!I made a reservation here for my girlfriends birthday, which happened to be the Monday before Mardi Gras. Many restaurants were not taking reservations and many were closed since it was Monday. I was a little hesitant to eat here since the restaurant only had average reviews and there are tons of restaurants in NOLA with great reviews. 
Order the BBQ oysters! They are the oyster version of buffalo wings. The hush puppies were average and could be skipped, however the rest of our meals were delicious. I ordered the grilled redfish which was a simple seasoned fish with your choice of a glaze. I was looking for something light after all the drinking and food we've been eating.  Try the Jambalaya or the catfish with creole. They were the best out of the 8 dishes we ordered. 
Although this place does have a chainy feel, the food was above average and the service was good.Nothing the least bit exciting or special about it. I could see the atmosphere feeling fun for a tourist, but  the entree was very boring. Maybe if we had done apps and soups we would have gotten gotten something fun, but the 'fish from the wood fire grill' bored both of us. Service was pleasant enough.One of my favorite restaurants in NO.  Had a bit of time before my plane left so I sat at the bar and ordered an Abita Amber and fish taco's.  both were excellent and I've had a lot of fish taco's.  They rivaled my own!  What really impressed me was the staff.  I think it was a bar back that got my beer as soon as I sat down and another took my order while the bartender was out.  They really supported each other and worked as one.  My complements to either the management that helped this happen, or the individuals that did this themselves.The red fish here is amazing!!!!!  We had the dessert that you have to order at the beginning of your meal and it was perfect.  Our server was very friendly.  The prices are a little high but the food is so fresh and good it's worth it.  Highly recommend eating here!Every time we go to NOLA we got to Redfish Grill but we were disappointed this time. The whole reason we go is their redfish and the dish has changed in the last year: smaller portion, not enough sauce. Boring, especially at the price. My son hated his crab cake. We did love the buffalo wing style oysters and the pecan dessert was fabulous. Even the gumbo was just so-so. Not worth the price.Always a great meal!  We're back in NOLA for the NFL game and decided to stop in again.  The portions are a little small but the flavors are extraordinary!  
We had the BBQ oysters for an appetizer and they were delicious.  For entrees we had the wedge salad and the red fish with lump crab topping.
Great meal & we can't wait for the next trip to NOLA!!It was pretty decent food nothing spectacular or unique. The prices were a little steep for the portion sizes imo, but still good none the less. The entire staff was pleaseant and and inviting. Definetly try the chocolate bread pudding if you have room!Redfish Grill, supposedly one of the highest rated seafood restaurants in New Orleans, really turned out to be a disappointment.
From the moment we walked in - right on time for our reservation, I knew something was slightly off.  We ended up waiting about 15 minutes to be seated, even though our table was 'open'.  Apparently our server had just been sat a few other tables, and they didn't want to overwhelm him.  Ok fine, just tell us that and let us sit and start looking at the menu, OK?
Drinks were small.  
Food was 'bla' - I had redfish or drum, can't remember which.  I do remember it being a complete disappointment.  My wife's fish was very strange tasting, she thought it was 'ok'.  
In addition to the food, here are a few other reasons I would not go back:
The place is LOUD - you can barely here what someone is saying across the table.  The floor is SLIPERY, it's cement with a poly-something coating, so the chairs slip around when you are trying to sit - very annoying.  I'm sure it's easy to clean that way, but a really stupid idea.  The service was lacking.  
An overall poor effort from RedFish.This was our first time here at Ralph Brennan's Red Fish Grill
 It was totally amazing! The corn & shrimp was the best I have ever had. Our waiter was Mike H. and he was excellant.
My next visit to N.O. I will make this my first stop. I have been in the restaurant business myself for 31 years
 Trust me when I tell you this place is great.This is my favorite NOLA restaurant.  The BBQ Oyster are incredible.  The atmoshere is very cool....right on Bourbon Street.  I've sampled much of the menu and haven't been dissappointed yet.  I usually go aroung 6 or 7 at night and I've never had to wait to be seated.  The dress code is casual, so feel to dress as you like.The food is excellent! I had the wood grilled red fish!! Very good! Our server was the best and very attentive to our every needs. The three girls sitting next to us was too loud and that really got on my nerves. I was going to request to move to away from them but I liked my server too much.I'm an oyster fanatic and these oysters were off the charts fantastic! BBQ oysters and raw oysters were both great. The service was even better. Al, Melody, and Kulvi were so accommodating and made us feel so welcomed! We will be back every time we visit New Orleans!Very good food, but the server was new and struggled with our drinks and order. I ordered a tanqueray gin and tonic and sent it back, I have never had such a flat, no bubbles gin and tonic. The replacement just had more gin added. Our appetizers came and then seconds later our entree. Whoops, our entree's sat under a warmer while we shared two different apps, Crab-claws and Alligator Boudin Balls, they were very good. I think our entree's dried out a bit while they were waiting for us to finish. Considering it was a weeknight, I thought the service should have been better.We ate here by default as too many other places had long lines on a Friday night.  Thank goodness there was not much of a wait here.  The staff was very friendly.  The food was pricey and not well cooked.  The BBQ oysters were great.  Some veggies in my entree were not cooked well...hard...didn't taste right.  The wait staff was young and inexperienced.  The chocolate bread pudding was very good.  We may return, but we'll search for better elsewhere.Plain and simple Monday through Thursday between 3 p.m. and 6 p.m. the oysters are $0.50 a piece and tap beers are on special. What is there not to love about these shelled monsters from the sea?Excellent creole catfish, wood grilled redfish! Chris was an exceptional server!!!! Great prices, great ambiance. We will definitely be back!The food was fantastic! I had the famous redfish and lump crab dish. The service was pretty good! The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because 1) they didn't have a lunch menu so I ended up paying 35 dollars for my lunch which is horrendously expensive. But the fish was so fresh and delicious. I would recommend it if you don't mind paying a pretty penny.One word...OUTSTANDING!!!  Food is fantastic, and the service even better!  Ask for Ike!Make sure to grab a reservation if you want to go to this restaurant. We managed to grab a spot in the bar but the place was packed. Started off with the alligator balls which was an amazing app,  I just wish there were more than 3. For dinner we grabbed the jambalaya risotto and catfish etoufee which were both amazing. 
For drinks I grabbed the staple of New Orleans, the sazerac,  and want more of it in my life. 
Definitely add this place on your tour of NOLA.Popped in for happy hour in the bar area.  $0.50 raw oysters and 2-for-1 well drinks?  Don't mind if I do!!!
We got about 10 raw oysters.  Since it was bf's first time eating them raw, we got cooked ones as well, the flash fried BBQ Oysters appetizer.  The bbq was more of a buffalo sauce made with Crystal hot sauce.
We sat in front of the oyster shucking station.  Props to the shucker.  He was keeping up with the orders of dozens as they were coming in.
Would definitely recommend for happy hour and would like to try them for lunch/dinner.This was one of my favorite places. First of all the staff is friendly and they know their menu well. All of their ticket times were less than 20 minutes. The staffed seemed to work as a team and were very efficient. I had the shrimp and grits and that is one of the best meals I have ever had.Fantastic restaurant with real authentic Cajun style food!! Highly recommend their girl fish with crab meat and alligator sausage soup!! First restaurant eaten in NOLA and didn't let me down!!We stopped in, almost by accident, at 2:00 on a Sat. afternoon. The place was pretty empty at that time of the day.  It was nice, actually. This restaurant provides a lovely respite from the crazy Bourbon Street scene.  
The service and food at the Red Fish Grill are very good.  I had the Shrimp Po Boy for lunch, and recommend it.  
A very nice dining experience!Make a reservation. It was Wednesday and we waited 1 hr. 20. minutes for a table without one.
Food was decent, but not overly exciting. I had a house salad with the blackened avocado and thought it was a bit too much. It was really charred and less blackened. It was also a lot of avocado-- should've assumed that when I ordered it... my fault.
My husband had the Jerk chicken salad and loved it. Then he had the yellowfin tuna wrapped in a tenderloin strip. It was a bit weird, but fine. I wouldn't say the meals were very large and in total our bill came to about $70 with one soda. 
We would not go back because we didn't love anything enough... but apparently everyone else did since the place was jam-packed!Fantastic experience for our family of four.   Great loaf or French bread with whipped butter.  Amazing crab claw appetizer was more addicting than crack. My daughter loved the kids cheeseburger.   Wife and I split a  seafood salad.  Waitress was as nice as they come.  Reasonable prices, given the location.The Buffalo oysters and Dualing Red meats were amazing.  Our main courses were very good as well.  The chocolate bread pudding was excellent and the Holly's coffee was a nice finish.  We went on New Year's eve - it was busy and loud but the service was very good, were seated at our reservation time and would absolutely go back next time I visit New OrleansGumbo was great. Ordered jambalaya Didn't care for it. Made with risotto and I didn't like the consistency. Others in the party liked it. Matter of opinion. The surface was outstanding. We had Ashley who made great suggestionsThis place was great!! We came for my daughters 18th birthday and from the moment we walked in everyone was wonderful. They had great senses of humor , seated us right away and made the entire evening perfect. 
    The food was delicious, the server NIC was soo nice. We had the oysters to start and then the Red fish entree as well as the barbecue grits entree , finished with the chocolate bread pudding !  #foodporn
      I'm So glad we chose to have dinner here and can't wait to return :)Great service and excellent food.  It's a nice quiet spot away from the noise of Burboun Street. Fish Tacos, oysters on half she'll, and Bloody Mary were awesome.We had our first NOLA meal in Red Fish Grill and it was the best introduction for us. My wife got the Redfish & Sauteed Crawfish and I got the Catfish & Crawfish Etouffee. Catfish was fried perfectly, it was still juicy inside and crispy outside. It was also our first time tasting crawfish and we both loved it.
I also liked that they didn't have a dress code, as we went there straight from the airport. Seeing (and smelling) Bourbon St was shocking at first, but Red Fish Grill was such a nice and clean place as soon as we entered through those doors.Visiting NOLA for a couple of days. (First timer) met up with family for a nice dinner. The kids menu is simple and comes with a scoop of ice cream for dessert. The food is on the pricey side. I normally wouldn't dine at a pricey restaurant but since I'm visiting and with family from different states. The atmosphere is a more in the quiet side but laughter and chatter can be heard. It gets very busy so arrive early. There is a bar so dining is not necessary.Was highly recommended by some friends. Our group of 4 tried and loved it. Started out w/ Raw Oysters which is a must (my wife found a pearl). Wifey & I always switch our meals - had The house special glazed Red Fish and Catfish, scallion rice and shrimp. 
     Desert was Pecan/Sweet Potato pie - didn't love it but then again U'm not big on deserts. Friends had the Chocolate Bread Pudding which they said was wonderful. 
     If your in NOLA this is a must do. There's coupons around for discounted bottle of wine so keep an eye out.We visited New Orleans in May and when telling others about our trip, at least two people recommended this spot, so it was one of the first stops we made which ended up being for a late lunch. We were able to be seated right away though I could see that not being so easy during peak times, so probably a good idea to make reservations! 
We each loved everything that we had! Alligator Boudin Balls were so tasty, & I really liked my BBQ Oyster Po-Boy. And the dessert, the chocolate bread pudding, was fabulous!  Our server, Anjel, was super- friendly, informative, and fun. 
I definitely recommend coming here!Staff not helpful with choosing gluten/dairy free entrees. Ended up just getting steak and subbing out potatoes for veggies just to stay safe. Barely got any food for the price. Hubby got the wood grilled red fish in which he rated 4/5 for taste. With all the competitors in NOLA we would not return. Waitress seemed annoyed with us the whole timeStopped by here one day before work with my wife and we split a light lunch. Ordered the BBQ oyster po boy (which was pretty good... When they mean BBQ they mean buffalo sauce) it apparently won the best po boy at a festival in recent years and came with a side a pretty good creole potato salad.
We also ordered the alligator boudin balls (which were gross! It tasted like tuna melt in a fried ball except worse. We didn't even finish one of them and asked to take it off our bill). 
Overall the service was good (even though the servers don't seem too empowered to correct problems because our server had to ask the manager if he could take the alligator boudin balls that we hardly touched off the bill).
I would go back but maybe just try some other menu items... Perhaps the red fish since that's where it's name comes from! I'm not giving up on this place because of the good things I've heard!We came for appetizers and it was simply amazing. The food was mouth watering good. Probably the best three things I had in NOLA. I would definitely give it a try.We found this place on another website, and booked it because the menu looked interesting. From the moment we walked in and closed the door behind us, everything outside on Bourbon Street suddenly seemed like a world away. 
The service here is top notch! And the food is amazing! Our server, Elizabeth, candid and professional. This place is one of the best-kept secrets in New Orleans! Highly recommended without any reservations.Super choice while on Bourbon.  Large portions great service in the heart of NOLA. Barbecue oyster po boys, blackened fish burgers,  and shrimp and grits.  Finished with a chocolate bread pudding, but  ordered at the beginning of the meal.  All excellent!Ordered the chef's special (red fish) and it was delightful! As was everything else. Ended up eating one alligator meatball and piece of shrimp from the starter sampler and half of a small loaf of their house bread, and even after a day of barely eating ended up full before my actual dinner got to the table. Everything tasted heavenly. 
All in all amazing food but super filling. Probably split your meal!We had dinner at redfish with a number of people.   The place is pretty good but the wait staff is really focused on the Upsell.  We asked for some recommendations and they only keyed on the highest priced offerings.   
I get that you want to push certain items but when it's obvious that the interest isn't there move on.   Also use your best items to your advantage.  For example they were so busy focusing on the highest priced items that they didn't mention the award winning gumbo.  When we ordered it, they told us how they won the best gumbo in NOLA.  DOESNT MAKE SENSE.   
Overall the food was good.  But I wouldn't return because of the hard sell.  Maybe management should look into that.  It's a shame because the product is good.Just so so. Crabcakes were ok. My friend's red fish just ok. Service was fine drinks were fine. Probably would not return.I've been here many times and the food is always good, but when I had some family in town this weekend we went and the service left something to be desired. Tim, knew very little about the menu, "he doesn't eat fried food." He also had no recommendations and seemed like any questions were annoying and a waste if his time. That was sort of a let down, since our family was only in town for the weekend. Otherwise, great food!