Great hole-in-the-wall Cantonese food.  LARGE portions, excellent eggrolls.  Very personable owner who is happy you are there.  I'll be back!Best Chinese food I have ever had.  Anywhere.  Literally everything we had was fantastic.  So much flavor.  Drinks are great too.  Don't miss this place.  You'll regret it.this place is the bomb- the owner was as nice as can be, greeted me upon arrival and the staff is lovely.
The food is so interesting, and delicious i could eat there over and over. 
and i do.I tried Tiger Salad, Egg Drop Soup, and the Ginger Scallion Noodles.
By far my favorite thing that I ordered was the soup.  I highly recommend it!  I would have loved a little side serving of fried wontons to go with it, but it wasn't a deal breaker.
The menu prices did seem a little high at first, but considering the quality of ingredients and generous portions, it was well worth it!Think upscale Chinese takeout. For me, this place is a hit, because it replicates the flavors of a conventional Chinese takeout place but uses quality ingredients and prepares beautiful, creative dishes. 
A fun aspect of Red's is that the menu changes, so if you like trying new things like I do, you'll look forward to coming back. Something that is always on the menu that I highly recommend are the Mussels. It's a huge serving in a bowl of rich, addictive broth with shredded veggies.
If you aren't about seafood, the General's Chicken, which uses juicy, bone-in meat, is a good option. The Beef & Broccoli, which uses brisket,  is also pretty fire. If you're vegetarian, try the Eggplant, it has an incredible texture and doesn't sacrifice flavor. 
For drinks, the Mirror of Truth is quite possibly the best sake I have ever tasted, and the Tai Tea Daiquiri  is a less sweet, deeply flavorful blended drink. They also know how to make a good Party Bowl, and just about anything else.
I only ever experience incredible service here. Short wait times and very accommodating, friendly staff. The drinkside bar, kitchenside bar, two inside dining areas, and back porch dining, are all beautifully decorated and clean. The restrooms are notably clean. Music is always mellow, so I would describe the overall atmosphere as warm and inviting.This place is great. Not really Chinese, more Chinese inspired. Hard to find because the sign is just a red square. I fell in love with the Hawaiin Fried Rice and the Kung Pao Pastrami and ate here almost once a week for months. The menu changes up, so if you fall in love with certain dishes you might want to call in advance. Last time I went they had neither of my favorites and it ripped my world apart.I had been dying for Chinese in the area since we moved here a couple years back. I won't go into too much detail but the generals chicken is banging.I first ate at this restaurant when it first opened. My boyfriend and I were disappointed. I had the bywater eggplant and he ordered tripe which isnt on the menu anymore (thank god). Maybe we ordered the wrong things for a first visit....who knows. But people have been raving about so we decided to give it another shot. I am so happy that we did!! The general lee chicken-amazing. The tiger salad-wonderful. Steamed Bok Choy-yummy. My experience the second time was a 180 and I will now be a regular. Cons:it was very hot inside of the restaurant due to poor circulation and an open kitchen. Service was so-so both times. But I am down with the vibe and love the food. Try is out!Stopped by to see what the talk was about and I must say I was pleased with the food and service. It was a truly unique place that definitely stands out. Will be back. Fried Dumplings were to die for.Best food I have had in years. So thoughtful and creative with amazing flavors. Would make a trip back to New Orleans just to eat there.Great food, smaller portions than your traditional chinese restaurant.  Wonderful creativity and flavor combinations. We love the general's chicken and the craw rangoons. I could eat those every day.If I could give the food a separate score it would be 6 stars. It's TOTALLY amazing. Some of the most interesting and delicious Chinese food I've ever eaten (and I lived in San Francisco for 20 years). 
General Lee's chicken is fantastic.... Chinese fried chicken with a spicy glaze..... the little pork belly sandwiches with hoisin? Heaven. The potstickers filled with crawfish (or or whatever happens to be delicious and fresh?) Amazing.
The problem here is that the service is so problematic, verging on WTF? A to go order takes 45 minutes (and we watched every person at the bar place their order and get served. How does that happen?) 
Every time we've eaten here the wait staff or management has come up to apologize for something taking far too long or being forgotten or being served in a very strange order...three dishes for 4 people will come out and then nothing for a half hour and no indication from the waitress as to what's going on. Again, how does that happen?
It's a restaurant. People do this every day. I can't fathom why Red's can't figure this out after being open for close to a year. Sort it out, people.  There's no excuse.
Until then, beware. Order delivery and be prepared for it take an hour to get to you.1000 stars!! This is one of my favorite spots on earth, so flavorful, awesome staff and despite the incredibly reasonable prices (the portions are huge) the dining room is beautiful. Everything is great, come hungry and better yet, come with a group!A great experience! People are so friendly(especially the chef is cooking poetically), the dirty rice is legendary! Will definitely visit this place again when we're back to New Orleans next time! Recommend this place to everyoneI was all excited to try this place because of all the great reviews and vegan options but it was a huge disappointment. The service was downright awful and the food just like two deserts for a meal so sugary! The kitchen was beautifully laid out and bathrooms fun. Some interesting plants in front! 
Smell: All I smelled was fried grease throughout the place and I am probably certain I smelled like it when I left. They desperately need to air it out. Breathing it was difficult for the first 20 min till I got used to it. 
Service: My dish did not come out till after every single person who had arrived after me got theirs! No apologies, no explanations, just a mention that my food was coming.  I got my salad, then my partner ate by himself and then when he was done my meal finally arrived and I ate by myself. That is unacceptable. How does everyone who was seated after me have their food, my partner is done with his and I still don't have mine!? The waitress had little personality and never made me feel welcome. It wasn't unwelcome but more apathy than anything. It gets worse...
Food: Well I love the creativeness of the food! Aloe, goji berries in my salad but it was spicy and no mention of that on the menu. Had to have it remade.  My waitress said without the fish sauce it would not be spicy. Remade it was still not really palatable. It was super sweet like candy even the aloe was marinated in sugar sauce and the carrots were just large curls and took forever to chew! Raw carrots need to be grated or chopped smaller to break down instead of 6 X 1 inch curls. It was big and I was too tired to chew through it all. Cucumbers were just ok.  I couldn't wait to eat something soft and savory.
Then I got the Buddha stir fry. It's not on the menu. Again, all I taste is sugar. I know that's a popular way to make food and others love it, but it should say these things on the menu spicy, sweet, savory etc. I'm sorry I didn't think to ask but I thought if a food doesn't taste like the food description they ought to let us know so we don't have a surprise on our hands and have to send it back. That much sugar is not an enhancement it's the main focus.  Another issue I did not like was the veggies were hardly cooked at all in the stir fry. They were essentially raw.  The food needs a bigger plate or a rim so it's not falling off and then you don't get to mix your rice and veggies to your own proportions it's just a huge premixed lump on your plate and takes forever to chew through the sugary raw veggies. Is it supposed to be that way? Gross...
I just have a feeling that my order was forgotten and made too quickly. 
My partner had the General Lee's chicken just said it was ok. He didn't clean the bones off or anything, in fact they gave him a to go container for what was left and he didnt even use it. 'I can't comment on it, but I'm surprised to hear such great reviews about it. 
Then waitress asked if we want desert. Smh, no thanks I just had two. Between the smell, the taste and the awful service I doubt I'll ever go back. Oh and they don't have non-alcoholic drinks on the menu. I love my beer but during the day I want something healthier. You have to ask for non-alcoholic items and all they have are iced tea and coke or they can "make" you a lemonade. The way she said it feels like you're asking them a favor. I'm not one for sweets as you can tell. Would have liked hot tea with my Chinese food or a Perrier, filtered water, coffee...we settled on tap water with our meal.
We spent just over $40 and would have rather gone to one of the authentic neighborhood  to go places where they have great customer service, make your food to order, it's cheaper and faster and tastes like what you expect.  I'll definitely spend more for healthier foods but not when it's sugar laden.Best fucking place! I drank so much squirt! And slurped down delicious ginger scallion noodles! Plus there was a super foxy bartender!Awful awful awful. I haven't written a review on yelp since my 20's, but when you have 48 hours in your favorite city and you waste 2 of them waiting on TWO mediocre dishes, some shit needs to be said. The noodles were way too gingery and the chicken, which we just ended up giving up on and taking to go, was bland and kinda gross. We were literally one of two tables and it still took so long. The dude working there did not give two fucks and was not apologetic at all. Way to harshen my buzz, terrible Chinese place.The general lee chicken is a hot mess.  Literally.  Fried chicken then drenched in a yummy sauce ... Tastes great!  However ... Try eating a piping hot slippery piece of chicken that's covered in sauce chopped nuts and cilantro.  It was a hot mess.  It was delicious but won't order it again.  OH... And this particular chicken was VERY HAIRY..  Too hairy for my dining partner to overlook.I have to start this review with this: OH MY GOD! 
It's just indescribably delicious. The place isn't much from outside. Just a red door on the bywater. When I walked in the air was filled with a magical aroma and I became even more hungry than I was. The open kitchen is really a wise move. My companions had been there before and the host/waiter who served us made sure to give me the newbie run down. They have a different daily frozen drink and several made in house tea and drink options. I was honestly hung over and stuck with water, although that frozen beverage was on my mind. 
The place serves family style. You should prepare to pick different items and share with your friends when you come. The food comes out as made and almost happens in shareable courses. 
Our first was the fried rice noodles. I was instantly in heaven. The ground lamb and mushrooms, the incredible spices and tender large fried noodles were just what I needed. I was sad to see the plate go empty. But, then the second plate arrived.
The kung pao pastrami. There are no words to describe the happiness my mouth experienced. The chunks of meat were so perfectly tender and juicy and seasoned to perfectly. The mix of veggies with it was so complimentary. I will order that again for sure. 
And the last was the generals chicken. I'm told it started it all. Impeccably fried half a chicken, quartered and mixed with a large amount a ginger and spices in the delicious glaze. I was in heaven till the last bite. I can't wait to return.Delicious delicious !!! I am not a huge fan of Chinese food and my boyfriend dragged me here. I had the best experience here. First of all everyone working there and our waitress was so nice and pleasant. I enjoyed their conversation and suggestions. I had an amazing daiquiri with a million different ingredients I died it was so good. Then the food! Oh the food we had the ragoons 5/5, Brussel sprouts (Ahmazing), the king poa pastrami, and drunken noodles. Everything was great I highly recommend it!My fourth visit to Red's and it was very good. The girl who waited on me was awesome! I had my two favorite dishes. I found the sauce for the crawfish Rangoon to be a bit whangy(new word) but still a good dish. The Generals Chicken is a beautiful dish, covered in sauce, peanuts and cilantro. The batter is the best ever. It had just enough spice but some may find the sauce too sweet. And the problem I had on an earlier visit was made completely right by an conscientious owner and staff.Ate here recently with friends. As I've seen in a few reviews it's nothing fancy and appears to be a hole in the wall from the exterior. However once inside it's got the hipster vibe. The food is pretty good! We had the egg rolls and craw ragoons for app. The ragoons were my fav and the egg rolls were my friends. For entree we all split the Hawaiian friend rice (so so good), beef and broccoli (decent nothing special) and the general chicken (sauce flavor was great but needed more once you get inside the crust). I will get it another try tho!The portions are huge. You can definitely share items on the meal.  So, in that regard, it's good for the price.  I had the craw rangoon's, which were yummy.  The squash soup was way too garlic-y.  Prices on drinks are too expensive.Went to reds two nights ago, got a to go box because I couldn't finish everything, came home to microwave it later and found a pretty big bug (!!!!) in my food. Called reds to let them know, and they didn't offer a refund, complimentary meal (not that I would want it) or anything. He just said "alright thanks man, I'll double check to make sure it's bug free."  Disgusting.Very, very good - safe to say best Chinese in NOLA. 
Sit at the bar on the edge of the kitchen to see the action and talk to the chefs.I am a Chinese. When I first walked into the restaurant, I saw couple non-Asians doing the cooking, my first thought was this is one of those Americanized Chinese food. But they really surprise me. This is one of most unique Chinese i ever had. Their food is full of herb flavors. I really liked it. I have to say that red Chinese have done most of Chinese restaurants couldn't do. Service was awesome too, thank you for the experience.great chinese that is way off the grid when compared to typical chinese fare.  Their fried rice dishes are all legit and the ginger scallion noodles are awesome and bursting with flavor. Also had the chicken and the ribs and they were great as well. Do yourself a favor and go check them out in the Bywater.This is my third time at Red's, if we ever meet ask me about the second time. It's a wonderful story about a boy and his childhood crush but I digress, am here to talk about food. 
Red's is a mix of full Cajun and Asian flavors that pack a punch. 
When you walk up to the building don't be afraid, it's not going to fall on you and like Doctor Who's T.A.R.D.I.S is much bigger and prettier inside. 
I recommend you start with the Buns (any of the buns) and the Craw Ragoons both will give you a great insight into the fusion happening in the kitchen.
Next is some of the best fried chicken in NOLA, The Generals Chicken. This take on the classic General Tso done with half a chicken and bold flavors like smoked peanuts, chili and cilantro is there signature dish and won't disappoint.
On this visit I was sad to learn that my overall favorite dish the Buddah rice is no longer been served which is a shame because the bright flavors, veggies and crunchiness was a great side dish to the chicken. However, if you ask nicely they will make it for you but only if no one else is looking ;-)
If you go alone or with just one other sit at the kitchen bar and watch the magic happen.This is a completely different take on Asian Fusion. very Americanized or more Southern I'd say. We got the general chicken and beef with broccoli. General Chicken was big pieces of fried chicken with an Asian sauce. The beef was more BBQ brisket with hoisin sauce. I like the good, but wasn't very Asian for me.This place doesn't serve Chinese food. It's all over seasoned, heavy, and full of sugar.....also the hood system is inadequate and smoke filled my pores and clothes....I showered before this meal and the smokiness ruined my evening....The prices seem high until you see the insane portions. We had left overs for days! The food is absolutely amazing with really great flavors and unique twists in Chinese. The General Lee's Chicken is life changing.This place is great!!!!  I had chicken curry with pineapple and it was out of this world.  
My server Erin was super sweet and went out of her way to make sure were were taken care of on a super busy night!BRING CASH! This place is awesome and so yummy but a couple of times they've mis charged or double charged my card. Doesn't take away from how great it is though- would just recommend bringing cashI started with their house made Spiced Orange Daiquiri, which was sweet, tangy & delicious! Who knew that a Chinese restaurant would make daiquiris?! So glad they broke the mold. Plus, it was a perfect complement to the spicy General's Chicken that I ordered. To round out my meal, I added the small order of Egg Rolls (2). 
They serve food "family style" meaning that they bring food out when it is ready (vice waiting for all items to be ready before serving). 
This place is on the bottom story of a 2-story house and it is a long, narrow set-up. It's dimly lit  a bit of a "grungy" feel. Yet, it smells like fresh, delicious food and the wait staff and kitchen crew all greeted me upon arrival. The music is a mix of R&B and 80's hits. The menu is much smaller than most other Chinese restaurants and carry-outs too. However, that means that they do a few things VERY well.Was in the mood for a noodle dish (e.g., lo mien). The server said they didn't have anything quite like that but suggested the FRIED RICE NOODLES (ground lamb, shiitake, greens, egg, basil, nuoc cham). Got a small portion to go. YUMMY! And if this was a "small" portion, I can't imagine what a large is like. Was the perfect side for some fish and salad that I had waiting at home :-)Amazing and not what you're thinking when you see Chinese. It's kind of a fusion Chinese-Nola place and everything is amazing. Huge portions so don't over order. One entree and one app plenty enough for 2 people with leftoversBest food and service ever! The whole staff treated us with such class and respect. And Pearl we love you!!! The food was incredible!Really delicious food. Not a long wait once you sit down. The portions are a nice size so to those who complain about prices- just share your goddamn plates. The chicken plate can be split between  two or three people, the catfish rice is at least for two. The eggplant is heavenly. Not sure about the sliders but I frankly never understood the point of sliders. 
They should add pork belly.
The waitstaff is super efficient and sweet.
The cooks are babes. 
They should hire a lady cook though- wtf is with the sausage fest? (Soo..hire me. I cook.)
One of my favorite "fancy" places to eat in Nola. By fancy I mean I usually get a burger at Fradys so you know, take it as you will. 
Definitely check it out!!!The most amazing Chinese/Louisiana fusion food you will ever have!! I definitely suggest the Craw Rangoon, creole fried rice, Generals Chicken and the Eggplant was all phenomenal... Special mention goes out to the Prawn crackers with Old Bay!! This place is a must but don't expect speedy service there is one person running the bar and table service and kicking ass while being super helpful with the menu!!!Food is great. The confetti rice is superb. The ribs are some of the best I've ever had.
Won't take credit cards for delivery orders, which I don't like.
Have raised their prices since first opening, but still not too expensive.the special (five-spiced prime rib with a wasabi potato cake) was so good that i tipped the chef directly for maybe the second time in my life.
hope to come here as often as possible.I have frequented Red's on many occasions since moving to New Orleans, but have failed to write a review until now. 
The food here is awesome. Simple as that. Remember: this isn't your traditional MSG laden Chinese joint with a generic name. Nearly everything here is made in house, and has a unique flair. 
From experience, I can say their General's Chicken, Kung Pao Pastrami, and Hawaiian Fried Rice entrees are home runs. They are YUGE serving sizes, so be sure to bring a friend. For apps, be sure to try the Bok Choy or Pickle Plate. Good stuff.
The opening time at noon and (sometimes) ridiculously loud music can be a bit of a turn off, however.It was PERFECT from the very beginning! But why oh why each time I'm here the menu is worse and worse???its nothing to eat already! Where are all your soups for example?? A lil bit of history: I stayed in Bywater by mistake and occasionally  checked up this wonderful that time restaurant. Now when I'm in NOLA I stay only in the Garden district and i specially took uber two times already to come to Bywater for this particular restaurant, but my God, why less and less food to order all the time?!?!The service here is incredible. They were super nice, it wasn't busy at all (though it was pouring and cold). There was a mistake with the order that was corrected very quickly. 
I don't eat shellfish, but my friends said that the crawfish wontons were some of the best wontons they have ever had (and they eat them every time they get the chance). The pork belly buns were also absolutely delicious. 
There was a ginger soup that was also really tasty, but it was off menu.  
I want to be in love with this place, but the Kung Pao Pastrami and the General's chicken were both not to my palate. The eggplant was good, but it was very oily and none of the above were very spicy, despite the warning (though this may be a New Orleans thing since most seem to have this issue).  I've been to a few other places that are similar, like Mission Chinese in SF, but this wasn't it. 
That being said, the service, the people, the atmosphere were all really great. Some of the other food looks good, too, like the hawaiian fried rice. I'll probably come back when my friends get the wonton craving to try these other entrees. 
Pricewise, it is a bit expensive, but you get a lot of food, too. It's not a bad deal, esp in new orleans. 
It's also pretty hard to find if you read signs. Less so if you just look for a giant red square.The food was AMAZING. The portions were very generous and everything about the food was spot on. Too bad the service was awful. Two different servers came to our table to take our orders, the latter told us she "blacked out" and couldn't remember if she had come by. Our group of four ordered two cocktails, three apps, including two orders of the rangoons, and three entrees. Our order of service was very out of order: we received one drink and an app, followed by two entrees, then a single order of rangoons, we had to ask for the other drink and the server ran off before we could mention the other app, then we got another server who brought us the missing rangoons, finally followed by the last entree. 
I understand that it was Friday night and they may have been busy, but that's no excuse for how awful the service was. A friend mentioned afterwards to just order it to-go, but I'm probably not going to go out of my way for it again.I laugh when people give reviews about the smoke filled room, open kitchens are just that, go sit in the patio...
Food is always great, not traditional just like most of the food in NOLA, it's a fusion of flavors, it your not adventurous go to Metaire.....Probably the best Chinese food I've ever eaten. We travel everywhere, including eating in China Town in both San Francisco and in DC.  I've lived here for 3 months and never knew this place existed Bc there is no signage on the outside of the building. We heard about this place by " word of mouth". The Generals Chicken, amazing. The Brussels sprouts, to die for!  The eggplant, out of this world!  They serve family style small or large. We ordered the small which was enough to feed our family of four, (3 adults and 1 child) with leftovers to take home. The pricing is remarkable too!  We will def be regulars. 
The only negative....it was hot inside the building. We left wi damp hair and clothes and the music was so loud you couldn't hear one another speak.  It also took the server a little bit to warm up to us, so she wasn't overly friendly at first but otherwise amazing food!It's official: there are no kinks left to iron out. everything we ate in this place was amazing. dishes that did not sound like they would work completely did work. 
the kung pao, bok choy, smashed cucumbers, and general lee were completely off the hook. plenty of lagniappe too, so go easy on your order.  huge portions, so there will still be plenty to take home and enjoy the next day. good service and tunes up in the joint. best chinese food in NOLA at the moment.What a wonderful interpretation on Chinese food. We started off with the Craw Rangoons, they were great. Also had Hawaiin fried rice which was delicious , Kung Pao pastrami , was so good with vegetables and chunks of pastrami. The Generals chicken was so moist and flavorful, we wish we would have more. We also had Brussels sprouts which were very good. 
Sammy , provided top notch service and was awesome and had a great personality and had great recommendations. We can't wait to go backI've tried almost everything including the secret off-menu buffalo chicken (ask your server to check with the kitchen) and I've enjoyed every experience.  If you are looking for a new New Orleans experience, definitely check it out and expect a bit of spice.Great Chinese food! Hole in the wall but not your average Chinese joint by any means. The service is great. The food is fresh and not greasy. It is a bit of a fusion with other influences. We tried the buffet special they throw on Mondays and it was well worth the $13. I'd definitely eat here again.Inspired by Mission Chinese in NYC, Red's is a creative take on Chinese food.  Came in around 9pm on a Sunday night as we were looking for somewhere close to our airbnb in the Bywater.  So glad we chose to eat here, even though you wouldn't typically think to eat Chinese while on vacation in New Orleans.  We were looking for a more chill night sandwiched in between a couple longer nights out.  My friend and I shared chicken dumplings, papaya salad and Hawaiian fried rice.  All were excellently prepared.  The chicken dumplings and papaya salad were very spicy!  The server did a great job of refilling my water as I was drinking it fast. My favorite was the Hawaiian fried rice, which was curried with bacon and pineapple chunks.Just came home from being out of the country for a week and a half and first thing's first! Gotta get my Red's Chinese fix! 
Having It delivered right to the door after traveling all day + Beef and Bok Choy = Pure Bliss!I've never had a worse experience at a restaurant. I would suggest eating elsewhere. The atmosphere seemed inviting but that proved to be short lived. It's New Orleans and there are so many more (welcoming and delicious) options. Do yourself a favor and steer clear.Great food, wonderful option for the area. Delivery is amazing in the bywater area! The flavor are amazing haven't had anything that hasn't been 100% yet!I must say this place is kpet out of the Nola world. Guys the food is so so so good . just the right amount of spicy and the owener is right there making your food. Very hands on. I must  say if you don't go it's your bad... It's a must. Get out there and go eat.... Guys keep up the good work..... And the hostess is so sweet and very pretty....Our first visit was for Father's Day lunch. Started with their craft cocktail made with mint ginger coriander syrup. I had it with bourbon and it was delicious. 
We shared the pickled pineapple fried rice with bacon and chicken, house made kimchi, smashed cucumbers with garlic and tahini, and the Kung Pao pastrami. 
The portions were generous and all of it was delicious and quickly served by friendly staff who did a great job of taking care of us. 
Will definitely go back!Very good, inventive Chinese food.  Portions are huge and I've liked everything I've tried.  My only wish is that there were a few more vegetarian dishes on the menu, but the Bywater eggplant (which is really mirliton squash) is always delish as are the ginger scallion noodles and delta broccoli.  The place is a bit dark but very cozy and usually packed.  Wonderful addition to the neighborhood.It's not often that I am at a loss to name the ingredients that make up my food, but this place stumped me repeatedly. Delicious and enjoyable experimentation, expertly cooked vegetables, full of tantalizing flavor, (plus many fermented ingredients!!), though I don't think this would be my first stop if I was "craving Chinese food." The restaurant was in fact red, which I liked. 
Side note, to all the people saying that this restaurant was good "despite the sketchy neighborhood", fuck off. It's not "sketchy", it's St. Claude. Judas Priest.Red's is a true hole in the wall. Inconspicuously situated in the lower left section of a 4-plex building on St. Claude St; it's the last place you'd expect to find a great Chinese (fusion? innovative Chinese?) restaurant. There's no sign with 'Red's Chinese' on it, just a lit up red square letting you know where to go in, which is the opposite of what you expect upon seeing the exterior. Now to the food:
The good:
Hot and Sour soup is one of the best I've had. It packs a flavor punch and contains lots of mushrooms and chunks of Monk fish. 
Fried Prawns w/ Sausage and Chili Sauce: DAYUM. Very good, perfectly crispy fried, enough so that you can eat the entire prawn w/ shell, no peeling necessary. 
General Lee's Chicken: A large half of chicken fried in one big piece with the bones and smothered in nuts and their special 'Lee's' sauce. Much sweeter than spicy. Overall still delicious if you're looking for something on the sweeter side. 
Shaved ice dessert: Ugh, I can't remember what it was called exactly. This is awesome! Just see the pictures. 
The meh:
Pastrami rice cake dish: This was ok, but the pastrami was SO (emphasis added) fatty that there was a quarter inch of liquefied fat on the bottom of our dish. It had potential but it was just a little too much.
Hawaiian Fried Rice: I've seen other reviews praising this dish. We thought it was just OK. Not bad, but nothing to write home about. Wouldn't get it again but wouldn't turn it down if it was offered, ya know? 
Portions are big, wait staff and chefs are friendly. AND they have a nice courtyard in the back to sit out on! 4/5I just moved here from San Francisco and was craving Chinese food my second week in.  Red's Chinese popped up on my search and I noticed that it was a fusion of different Asian styles and ingredients but predominantly Chinese.  I'd been down this road before but I was hungry and I was drunk so placed an order.  Everything was great.  Fast forward another week and I ordered again  This time not drunk at all.  This time, everything wasn't great.  It was excellent. I will go so far as to say that for the type of food that Red's is making, it's the best food that I've had in nola since moving here.
-Great take on a traditional menu item with the General's Chicken.  Those pieces were loaded with flavor and actually reminded me of a smothered, Korean style fried chicken.   
-Kim chee is on point.  Great with the shrimp fried rice.  
-Chinese doughnuts were impressively good as well
Even bad food in this town is still above average over the overpriced Russian roulette of eating in San Francisco or Los Angeles. In the case of Red's, I'm looking forward to going through the whole menu bit by bit.  I say this not just as a customer but also as a chef of 16 years. I'm already hooked.Food was absolutely amazing. Everything tasted wonderful, and the wine by the glass was a fair price. We met one of the owners, Max, and he was absolutely delightful. We ordered the swallow soup, the General Lee's chicken, the king tofu, the ribs, pork sliders, and some noodles I cant remember the name. The taste of everything was do spot on. I didnt mind the high prices, since youre getting high quality food. I am definitely bringing everyone I know here!This stuff was gooood. The fried chicken! sweet, spicy, and lemony. I also love the smashed cucumbers ap. the soups are yummy and they deliver to my neighborhood quickly and accurately. to be honest I've never been in the place (lol) so the only ambience I have to worry about is my house, which is just fine.Omg. If you haven't been here yet go immediately. The food, drinks, and staff are amazing. The fried chicken and the pastrami were out of this world. Will be coming back very soon.One of my favorite spots in New Orleans which is saying a lot. I go here every time I get the chance. So sad to be moving away from New Orleans mainly because I won't have Red's. Eggplant is fantastic. Ginger scallion noodles, Bok Choy, Craw Rangoon & Fried rice is al all so so delicious. Atmosphere is perfect. The patio is my favorite. Staff is super friendly and laid back as well.Have tried to let this place grow on me after a bad first experience but the consistency and pricing just seems to keep getting worse. I live nearby so I've been there a number of times and seen the menu charge,  portions change,  etc.  I enjoy the pastrami and chicken but if you want to go and drink you end up spending as much as a fancy place to eat in what feels like a dive bar and is often uncomfortably warm(maybe I just remember the former businesses too well). My last attempt was to order for take out and it took them 20 minutes longer than it was supposed to. No one checked in the whole time I sat there waiting. I don't think I'd recommend it at this point.We happened to visit and get take out during the Krewe of Chubacchus-so glad we did.  Food is excellent, high quality, and fresh.  Visit the menu as they use some tasteful ingredient combinations to give you a flavorful experience for your taste buds to experience. This is not your neighborhood "Metairie" sweet and sour Chinese place.  If you are looking for dull stay in that area.
The place has a rocking atmosphere but if you don't like music on the loud side then may want to do the takeout.  Also, seating looks limited and there was a wait that night.  If nothing else highly suggest do some take out. You will not be disappointed.  We will be back when in the area.We had a nice dinner here last nice but I think we may have ordered the wrong things!  We ordered the smashed cucumbers (fine, forgettable), the sliders (decent) and the chicken feet (gross) to start.  Except that's not the way the food came out.  We got the cucumbers and Kung Pao Pastrami first (delicious).  We also never got the ribs we ordered and since the servings were so large, we were probably better off not getting them. I really enjoyed my cocktail (Dragon's Breath) and I'd go back to order other things.  Service was fast and friendly, minus the snafu with food arrival.  A note about chicken feet: having never tried them, I was curious.  I thought they'd be crunchy.  The flaccid skin (though soaked in a tasty buffalo wing style sauce), revealed nothing underneath but gristly bone.  Now I know.Wow. What a hidden gem. I thought we were in the wrong neighborhood and we almost missed the place! There is a big red square sign out front of the place and that is the only signage Reds has. When you walk in you are quickly greeted by a worker. He made a joke with us "welcome to dominos, how many in your party?" We were quickly seated outdoors. Within a few minutes we got water and our menus. Workers were very attentive. It was about 9 pm or so on a weekend. It was packed! There were so many palmetto bugs flying around in the backyard - guest were complaining. Maybe they could spray back there? Not their fault. We decided to move inside - workers had no problem with that. We sat at the bar which led for even a better experience. 
We ordered the Cray Rangoons (would 10/10 recommend if you like rangoons), pineapple fried rice, and the Generals Chicken. 
Was not disappointed in our order. They all had amazing flavor. And the generals chicken was unique because it was bone in chicken. We had wished the pineapple chicken had more pineapple - I had never gotten a bite of pineapple in my large serving size. 
Servers were all extremely friendly. Talkative and attentive. We appreciated that so much.
More people need to know about this place. It's great.In a massive food culture city like New Orleans, it's difficult to stand out and to survive the initial wave of "the new place", but Red's delivered the best meal of our entire trip. 
Kung Pao Pastrami and pork belly buns were just so good. Texture was fantastic between crispy and smooth. Also had the Mussels. I'm not a big fan of Mussels but they were the best I've ever had. The coconut broth was difficult to not drink right out of the bowl. 
Washed it down with a cold Tsingtao while listening to Buzzcocks, minutemen, and the stooges. Killer playlist to a bustling Chinese joint. Gotta go, ya hear me? Just look for the big red square over the sidewalk.We had the Bywater Eggplant and the the Crab (which may been a special)
The sauce on the eggplant is legit. I've had some real-deal spicy black bean sauces, and this sauce transported my face to the deleted scenes from "Big Trouble in Little China" where peace had been found over the spiciest most tasty sauce in the land.
The crab was a brain melting rubix cube of diametrically opposed flavor forces. CRAB! TOFU! GREEN BEANS! SO MANY FLAVORS. All Fresh, Snappy Refreshing. The Doublemint twins held their head in shame as to how amazingly refreshing this dish was. A sad and disheveled person will find their spirits lifted and their clothes neatly pressed.
Do you consider yourself a food adventurer?
Do bland foods tremble in your sight?
Do you like restaurants with a engaging staff who are passionate about the food?
Then go to Red's
Drink one of the Green Tea Whiskey things and had a good time.
If I were to pick one place to end a marriage of seven years (not that I have ever done that) it would be Red's.
Why?
Because we would leave as friends. Happy friends. Who love the spicy sauce.It's that 'yeah!'
Just because i'm into this Yelp life, does not mean i know of everything there is to know about whats happening in my city, and in that quest to acquire more knowledge, even my friends, at times, end up putting me on game.
Celebrating a good friend's birthday, we were invited to join in on a 'family-style' feast at Red's Chinese, which we did make reservations for. Never hearing of it before, i was a bit skeptical when Chinese was brought up for dinner, but coming from this gal, i should've known better. I am ashamed to have even had a spec of doubt about it. That little concern quickly vanished. As soon as you hit the door, it hits you. The aromas had me tasting the air because i was convinced something would come of it.
They've got the fully open kitchen space, which i really like to see in restaurants. I marvel at the mechanics of how some kitchens are ran at times. Plus an open kitchen typically means a very clean one, especially in newer joints. The lighting is really dim in here, like a click or two too dim. It took a minute for my eyes to adjust, but once my eyes and i were in agreement, the brain had to jump in and demonstrate some restraint because everything on the menu looked like a winner.
We were in a group of seven and top to bottom we ordered: 
The South Lake Porridge which tasted better than it smelled, i added a little Sriracha and it was cool. But my least favorite of everything.
(2) Craw Ragoon, which were very tasty, especially used in the mustard sauce.
The ginger scallion noodles which were also really good, i'd go for those again. 
General lee's chicken, which was my favorite but a strong second is the Kung Pao Pastrami, trust me, get both of those dishes when you come here you will be in amazement at how good they are.
The Bywater eggplant which we were worried would be too spicy because of the reviews, but they were perfect.
A couple rounds of drinks and the Chinese donut for dessert, and between seven people we were all full and the tab was only $170!
But let me get back to that chicken tho. My god, you can see the flavor in it once the dish hits your table, it has this glow, almost like that perfect plate of food on commercials, except in real life. Peanuts are a part of this dish, so if you have allergies, you may want to ask them to hold off on those, but for real goodness's sake, i hope you don't and can experience this dish as it is intended.
I am going back, second night in a row for that chicken. The menu changes daily so be sure to check the website or call before ordering if you're unsure as to what they're offering. Pick up and Delivery available, but do note they add .25 per dish for pickup and delivery.
Nicely done, i'm with it.This is a solid 4.5. Love the no bullshit vibe of this place. It's no frills, divey, but yet great service, ambience, and the food was fantastic. We ordered the pickle plate ... the highlight was definitely the smashed cucumbers (which were amazing), but the kimchi & house pickles were great zingy accoutrements for the richer items we ordered later in the meal: the craw Rangoon's & king pao pastrami. Both fun unique riffs on expected dishes on a Chinese menu. Would love to explore more of the menu next time I'm NOLA. Price was great too! 
My one complaint was the beer menu. Everything is bottled ... but Morso the only Asian brand they carried was TsingTsao. That's probably a personal gripe though!Just ordered take-out from Red's for the first time. Easily the best Chinese food in the city. Not only are the portions huge (more than enough for lunch tomorrow), but the food is very well-prepared. Hawaiian fried rice had the perfect balance of salty, sweet, and spicy. The dumplings in the soup were great (as other reviews noted, the soup was a bit bland, but nothing that a little siracha and soy sauce couldn't fix). The noodles were also nice and light. Looking forward to next time where I can be a little more adventurous with the menu selections.Some of the best Chinese food I've had. Great staff. Amazing cocktails! General's chicken and craw Rangoon absolutely delicious.Food was lit, place was not. Pearl was a jewel (haha) and explained the menu. We weren't sure since the food seemed to have a hippy flare but everything was delicious! Even my picky 12 yr old ordered the Hawaiian fried rice and declared it was the best she ever had. The General's chicken was super yummy! We all loved everything the only item we went super crazy about was the kung pao pastrami brisket dish. Very hidden under a taqueria but worth the search. Very little lighting I guess perfect for a romantic dateKung Pao Pastrami was out of this world!  The meat was shredded, slightly caramelized with cylindrical chewy noodles and plenty of crunchy stir fried veggies in a 5 spice sauce. Chicken dumplings were fantastic. Duck with noodles and romaine lettuce (I don't remember the name of the entree) was divine! The noodles were flat, square and a light addition to the dish. Cucumber in tahini sauce was tasty and unique. Cabbage was charred on the outside with a hint of smoky flavored cheese inside. Four of us dined on a Friday night during peak hours. No wait!!! Great Service!!! Prices were very reasonable. We didn't try the interesting drinks or the shaved ice dessert, but hope to in the future. Funky ambience with no pretentiousness.Hěn hào chī (delicious) and Zhēn bàng (awesome)! 
Do NOT call your waitress Xiojiě. While it typically means "Miss," in the service industry it is slang for "prostitute."
Run by Chef Great White, as he's known by ancient Chinese cultures. The only caucasian Chef to successfully bring delcious delights to both Chinese and Americans in New Orleans and beyond.The food at Reds is nothing short of amazing. I frequently find myself crazing the fried general chicken and spicy pastrami. The daiquiris are the best in New Orleans. My only grievance is the service. I know it's in the Bywater but golly the service needs work. Coming up to a table and just saying "Soooo?" to get a good order is un excusable. I will be back for the food, but definitely not for the service.Wow! Not even a sign in front- friend brought me there. Super unusual & exciting delicious! Had beef Bok Choy & can't even begin to describe how phenomenal it was. Very generous portions. Friendly knowledgeable service. Chef Tobias took time to talk to us. Hidden gem- seek it out! I wanted to try everything on the menu so I will just have to come back to work my way through the menu. Wish them the best- definitely an asset to the local culinary scene. Will be back & recommend highly to everyone!!Loved it! The atmosphere was very cool, low ceilings, open kitchen, laid back and friendly staff. Service was super quick. We went with our 5 year old...not super kid friendly but they accommodated and he loved the dumplings. 
We had the dumplings, confetti rice, swallow soup and sliders. Everything came out quickly and tasted great. The soup was like a mix between ramen and wonton with a rich broth. The dumplings had a kick and were very flavorful. The sliders had a great pickled cucumber which really complemented the pork.
We also had cocktails. The red Rita was delicious! 
Would recommend this place to anyone.I was lucky enough to make the opening night. Some openings are really bad. Other than some duplicate items comming out by mistake things went very smoothly. Ordering at the front counter seemed a little odd but seemed to work well and speeds the food up. The portions are large and very reasonable for fresh uper end chinese food. The place smells awesome. I loved the spicy heat that comes with the meal but if spicy doesent do it for you i would request mild. I had the pastrami dish and have never expierenced pastrami at that level. I knew they made their own pastrami and figured it would be great but it was over the top. The place was full but it was not too loud at all. Ill add to this later. EnjoyVery tasty!  Combinations of flavor made for a delightful party in my mouth.  A bit of food heaven.  We tried the DELTA BOK & BROCCOLI.  Eating broccoli is now fun! Great flavor to pair with rice. The SMASHED CUCUMBERS were a treat too. The creamy tahini and garlic gave it a welcome spin.  BUDDAH'S FRIED RICE is among the most flavorful of fried rice out there.  We got the chili oil on the side.  (I can't handle spicy).  Lightly drizzled it on the rice and it made the rice that much tastier with a couple of kicks in there to spice it up.  Glad to only have a little of it as any more would have set my taste buds on fire.  Thoroughly enjoyed every morsel.  These guys can cook!  Their creative pairings of flavors and textures are worth trying. We sat at the counter and enjoyed watching the dishes being prepared.  Have to say that for us that was the best seat in the house. We will be back again and again.Ok
This is my first time here and the food smells AMAZING....but I'm getting my order to go and the bartender that's here now...(Tall white guy tattooed long hair and beard..kind of look like one of the guys from Animal Kingdom TV series) doesn't appear to be a racist person but HE IS making me feel like he doesn't like black people...I'm asking him about certain dishes and I'm getting a nonchalant answer and BTW it's not busy but he's making himself busy not to interact with me...I know get up and leave but the black cook said it's good so I'm waiting to tip him instead of my servant.....I'll be back with another review on the actual food it self but the owner should address this fucker......Lucky enough to get in on this one early! No looking back. I could eat Red's food all day long. I have to admit the menu has changed a bit recently, but everything I've ever eaten from Red's kitchen is delicious.  My favorite is how he will sometimes add a little improvisation you your meal. I suggest you let this man go wild.Where do I begin with this place. We ordered almost the whole menu for a table of 6 people and it was just $20 a head with tip. 
Cucumber appetizer: excellent
Rice Dishes: excellent
Ribs: unbelievable 
General's Chicken: unbelievable 
Everything had a different spice and it was so nice, with great service to boot. This is Chinese food in name only, it should have its own category. Excellent choice and the more people you bring the better because the dishes are family style.Update:  Much better experience second time around.  Went on a Saturday night about an hour before close and was seated immediately.  Big bonus being open late.  The food was just as superb as last time and no service hickups.  In fact, everyone was very pleasant and I could tell it had been a busy night earlier.  However, I think the prices may have gone up as we noticed on the bill, but I still consider it to be a great value - portions are large and the quality is consistently great.  I will definitely be a regular patron.Sooooo good! Everything was so fresh and flavorful, large portions too! Five stars! Great value for the price. General Lee Chicken is a must have.Forget the fact that this isn't authentic Chinese food. They didn't claim to be. They claim to be "mission style, san fran chinese". This food is bland. BLAND. Do not let the photos fool you. I think they rely on the fact that their portions are ginormous to up the "like" factor. News flash: I don't want loads of bland food on my plate.I used to refer to St. Claude Avenue as the Ho Chi Minh Trail. Pre-Katrina, unless you had a late-night rendezvous at the Saturn Bar, it was to be avoided at all cost. Today, it's a far different - some would say gentrified - place. Looking more like Magazine Street than the 17th parallel, it's got art galleries and coffee shops, a yoga studio and a wine bar.  And now, ironically, it's even got a Chinese place called Red's. Who would have thought? 
Red's, like other new restaurants in the neighborhood, is super trendy. It's got a sign with no name; you order at the counter from a hand written menu; and the music is "eclectic." It's the kinda place Anthony Bourdain will inevitably visit. My wife and I were intrigued, optimistic - and then, terribly disappointed.  
We ordered a crawfish bowl recommended by our waiter. Crawfish in December? We should have known better! Obviously not fresh from Cajun Country, the Asian mudbugs were undersized, overcooked, overseasoned and overpriced. They were hardly edible. We were then served a mountain of rice with, after a lengthy search, what appeared to be bits of catfish - catfish that was most likely pulled from the Yangtze, frozen, and sent over in a junk. I can honestly say I've had fried rice at an "all you can eat" Chinese mega buffet off the interstate in Mississippi that was better AND less expensive. The best part of our meal ended up being the wine* that we brought from that wine bar on Saint Claude Avenue, formerly known as the Ho Chi Minh Trail.  
* Unfortunately, I hear Red's is getting a liquor license.Sitting here after a busy work day and they are slammed here, too. (Hey busy season!)The food is still solid. Get sake if you feel like you want it. They are rocking it at Red's. Food and service.******Please bring back the ginger noodles. ****
Guess what folks. It's back. #resist 
I'd been fighting a head cold and something said just call and see.  I lit a candle. I called before making the drive from Kenner (yes, beyond the airport, and yes it's that good) and my journey was rewarded with the warmest welcome back. The staff take pride in their work, they make you feel welcome and are quite attentive to all needs. The soup is back, and damnit now I am too.Wow! Honestly was slightly skeptical from the outside, but in no way did it disappoint. Very cute, quaint feel inside and food was some of the best Chinese food I've ever had. Limited menu compared to other Chinese places, but everything we had was amazing. We had the general tsao chicken, Hawaiian rice, and a spicy pork dish. Service was fantastic, she offered her favorite dishes and tried to help us not over order, but we did any way. Oh well, LEFTOVERS!My boyfriend and I found this place while walking around 11 pm looking for supper after a long flight. The place was unassuming enough, but the food was to die for. We sat at the bar and were given two sample dishes, gratis: the smashed cucumbers and the ginger scallion noodles. The cucumbers were nothing to write home about, but the noodles were surprisingly, but not overwhelmingly, gingery and the egg was cooked well. We ultimately ordered the pork belly sliders and General Lee's chicken. The sliders may have been one of the best things I've ever tasted; the pork belly was cooked perfectly and the bread it was served on payed good homage to its Chinese roots. The chicken was also well fried and tossed in a delicious spicy ginger chili sauce. Come here.  You will not be disappointed with the service nor the dishes.Seriously amazing Chinese food in NOLA... tried Grandma's Pickle, Al Pastor Bao Bun, Ginger Scallion Noodles, Bywater Eggplant Bhudda's Delight... The Bao Bun's and the Eggplant were To. Die. For. So much flavour. Have the lime squeeze with the Bao Buns - you won't regret it.Yesterday I came across a post for chicken dumplings, they looked great.
Today I checked them out, started with Ginger soda. Which was very good... Next egg roll, divine. Next the dumpling, awesome. General Chicken was too good. I brought home extras for dinner.
Very good food, great service. I am glad I checked it out. I will be coming back to try other dishes..Phenomenal food! My boyfriend and I tried the Fried Rice Noodles which was out of this world, the Generals Chicken as well as the beef and broccoli and they were all to die for. We had a great, helpful server named Mark--definitely try to sit in his section!This place is killer. Will be in my top 3 ethnic restaurant rotation if they can keep up the quality and not raise the prices. Everything I have had here is delicious. The chicken and scallion noodles are insane. Just like any good ethnic restaurant, the atmosphere is a little dingy (what you would expect for this neighborhood) and the mixed drinks are awful. The drinks and lack of draft beer are only reasons it's not a five star for me.Eagerly anticipating visiting this restaurant I was overall a little disappointed. What I mean to say is that I understand the whole bearded hipster tip that's going on but it doesn't really make up for average food and service. First, the restaurant is no frills, much like Kebab or others on St. Claude but the difference here is that the food doesn't exactly make up for it. 
We visited on a Saturday night and true to form we had to wait a bit, no problem but there isn't exactly a waiting area or much of a bar. No problem we got a couple of cocktails and settled it. The cocktails were great good flavor and interesting ingredients. I had the Moscow mule and the wife had the gin and cukes, I enjoyed the gin drink a lot. 
Now on to the food, we had heard quite a bit about a few of the dishes at Red's so we ordered two entrees, two apps, and a side. The good: the sliders (bao) were great! Good pork belly, good pickles, good steamed bun! The General Lee's chicken was very good! Nice and tangy but a little soggy, like it had come out of the fryer been sauced and let sit. The Hawaiian fried rice, well, was ok, the fried chicken was overcooked and dried out. A travesty! 
The eh: the dumplings were pretty good, not really better or worse than what you would get in a good Chinese restaurant, I wish we hadn't gotten two orders, the sauce was on the plate not on the dumplings. We also got an order of the green beans, if you like spicy this one was it. Fresh horseradish root grated over the top, plus some other kind of peppers in the sauce. Lit us all up, not necessarily a bad thing but they were just ok. 
We also got an order of the kung pao pastrami that everyone is gushing about it was spicy but the veg were overcooked to mush. And there were only about four pieces of pastrami in the dish. The sauce was overwhelming and you could barely taste the pastrami. 
Would I go back? Probably, but mainly to give them a second try, they've only been open a couple of weeks and maybe have not worked out all of the kinks. If this place had opened prior to others doing similar twists on oriental food my review might be better but with mopho, ba chi canteen, pho bistreaux and until recently lucky rooster carrying the standard. You have to bring your A game in Nola these days.Creative style of American Chinese food, pretty color and good taste! It's hard to find but there's a red board at the front door... I'd like to go back again!LOVE it.  Always have great service start to finish- solid staff all around.  I always order more food than I can handle, and love that they now have a half sized menu option. The drinks are on point, too.  Recently they had a mulled wine daiquiri.  I love mulled wine, and a good daiquiri, and I wasn't sure if the two would translate well together, but it was THE SHIT.  My only suggestion would be not to list the General's chicken as a spicy item.  I order it often and even when I've asked for it to be extra spicy, it always comes out just sweet.  I love it, it's a fantastic dish, it's just not spicy.  You should order it though it is delicious and will feed 2-3 people if you get the full size.On point. Looks humble from the front but once inside is really nice.
Large portions. Craw Rangoons are crazy good. I had a spicy house pastrami dish that was insane. Also the mocha tequila cocktail was great. 
Would go back for sure. Worth a drive out to the bywaterSo, google maps lied.  There is no streetcar to this place.  When the streetcar driver inquired what it was I was looking for he had no clue about this place.  In fact, the uber driver didn't either.  And I liked that!  There is no signage out front just a big red square.  The only person who knew what I was talking about was the girl at Continental Provisions and she was the type of person I would expect to be in the know.  I was torn between the Kung Pao Pastrami and the General's chicken.  I went with the General's Chicken and I'm not looking back.  It was so good I had to photo every piece (sorry for the sticky finger, dark lighting photos).  It was fusion food that was perfectly and purposely inauthentic Chinese.  A half a chicken deep fried, coated in delicious sauce (I could taste fish sauce for sure), topped with peanuts and cilantro garnished with oranges.  I ate two pieces and got the rest to go.  As soon as I got back to the hotel I was back for round two.  
If you are looking for something different and delicious.... you found it.  They do deliver but not the the warehouse district sadly for me.  BUT they did write me back on FB in a heartbeat.Trendy with a Y.  Delicious, chaotic, random, flavorful.  The fried rice was too complicated but everything else was wonderful.  Favorite dish: Brussels sprouts done right!!!My husband and I had dinner here Saturday night and loved it.  We had the General Lee's Chicken, which was sticky, sweet, and crunchy, Kung Pao Pastrami which was savory and spicy and the Mu Shu Pork which was tender, juicy and perfect rolled up in light, yummy pancakes.  
It was all absolutely delicious! 
There was an off the menu app - Tuna Poke which was also crazy good.  There were fried lotus flowers in the dish - those things are addictive!
The portions are large so we had plenty of food to take home.   We definitely over ordered but everything sounded so delicious that we couldn't decide.  Not to worry though, we snacked on leftovers yesterday and I finished off the chicken for lunch today.
I also had some sort of tea daiquiri that was sweet but also refreshing.  I'm not normally much of a daiquiri fan, but this was very different.  
And the service was great. Our waiter was super attentive and was able to describe every dish in great detail. 
We'll definitely be going back as I am looking forward to trying the rest of the menu.Nestled away on St. Claude, in a small, unassuming building that looks a little bit like a strip mall is Reds. I stopped in to drop off a brochure, and was hypnotized by the fragrant scent of garlic and magic. Despite saving Chinese food, in general for the absolute worst of my hangovers, I immediately dialed up my husband to join me for lunch. 
Don't be discouraged by the lack of flash on the outside. The inside decor is clean, modern and tastefully decorated. 
All three of the crew on staff was helpful, engaging, and overall awesome. 
I sat at the bar, contemplating my cocktail of choice, when the bartender suggested I sample the daiquiri of the day, made fresh daily. Yesterday was some sort of green tea/honey concoction... It was amazing for a balmy afternoon in July. 
The bartender made some suggestions for us, and after some heated debating we decided to try the kung pao pastrami and the pork belly bun. We also sampled a some sides: the creamy cucumber salad was hands down our favorite, but the kimchi and pickles n cauliflower side were excellent as well. The pork bun was delicious, with a hefty piece of crispy pork belly tucked away with a siracha sauce. The pastrami dish was wildly different than I could have imagined.... Big chunks of tender pastrami, fresh veggies, tossed in a chili sauce with some crazy flat rice noodles. It was amazing. Despite splitting the entree, we are still picking at it today. Just when the food situation could not get in more intense, the owner, Red, sent out a couple egg rolls. Yum.
Will we be back? You bet your sweet ass we will. Should you check it out? Definitely. 
Before writing this review I read some of the bad ones. Extra giggles to the lady who said the decor scared her kid, and the guy who "flipped out at his SO" because he didn't like the food, she suggested it, and as a result of his temper tantrum, he didn't get laid. Y'all crack me up.Adorable place! The best Chinese food I've ever had (and I used to live in Chiba for some time). Very french and colonial and NOLA influenced - as for decor, as for food! Especially I liked both soups that have and Hawaiian fried rice, SO AWESOME! Portions are HUGE, so it's finally even cheap!!! Thanks a lot guys!Seriously some of the best Chinese food we've eaten. Very fresh and they will adapt the food to your taste. Get the deviled eggs!Ate here for lunch today. Had never heard of the place. Would have never found it on my own. Definitely worth the trip. Had the craw rangoons and they were delicious. Also had the pickle appetizer. It needed a little something. We all orders the general chicken, which was delicious! It's family style so it was half a chicken with a bowl of white rice. All dishes are family style. Not a big menu and they do rotate menu items. Definitely want to go back...... DAMMIT! I have driven past Red's Chinese probably a few hundred times since I moved here and had no idea what I had been missing!
Top notch. Great service. Cool ambience. SPECTACULAR FOOD! 
In fact, the Crawfish Rangoons were so good, I ordered a second round. Pork buns delicious. And, the Kung Pao Pastrami and General's Chicken unbelievably delectable.This place does it right. Sichuan flavors with a creole twist. We came here on Christmas Day, there was a line out of the door. But, the service was fast, portions are out of control, and freaking delicious. Cheap too! We ordered the cauliflower, the noodle bowl (which was my least fav since it's not your typical ramen), the Hawaiian fried rice (yummm) and chicken dumplings (some of the best). We ordered something else too but we were stuffed by this point. Give Red's a try!BEST CHINESE FOOD EVER!! Came here on vacation and ordered the drunken noodles, General Tso chicken, and the Pork buns and it was delicious. The pork buns weren't our favorite but everything else I would highly recommend. Also the ginger soda was amazing, we had stomach aches upon arriving but after drinking it we felt much better. My pictures of my food are shit but I hope it makes you want to eat here. Still dreaming about the food :,(I've been here a few times and love the creative menu. The bao are amazing and love the crawfish Rangoon. Great service in a unique space. The downside is I went here on one of the hottest days this summer and I don't think their AC units can keep up. Sweaty but delicious meal.The Craw Rangoon to start. General Lee's Chicken entree and Kung Pao Pastrami entree.  All the dishes were excellent. Even the jasmine green tea was good. Highly recommend.Red's was fantastic!!!
Service...people...and the FOOOOD!!!
Don't let the tats and piercings scare you...you're in the Bywater, and Red's is the place!!!Too excited to eat here as often as possible. Gret service. The owner bent over backwards to meet some of my unusual food needs. The food itself is wildly inventive and delicious. Im so lucky to live in this neighborhood!  Thanks Tobias!!!!The shrimp fried rice and General's chicken!!!!  Great food and service, definitely coming back!!!!Really great service, food was out quick, drinks never empty and food so yummy!!!!!!! Def go here immediately. Everyone seemed really into being at work which reflected on the great service.The outside appearance is little sketchy and although the inside looks isn't that much more reassuring the aroma of Chinese deliciousness when change those thoughts. It's a cool place for like groups of maybe four or five they have a lot of high top seating; however, I would say if you want to go on a little dinner date this will work as well. The music playlist was a good touch to the feel of the place. The easiest way to explain the feel is hipster Chinese restaurant. 
The staff were super friendly and helpful for someone like myself that's never sure what to order and walks into a new place looking very lost. 
I came in for just some Chinese fried rice having no clue of the flavorful complexity of their rice options. So I ended up with the shrimp fried rice, that surprisingly doesn't just have shrimp; there is Chinese pork and cod. So it's technically more of a seafood fried rice. Fair warning the smells will make it very hard for you to wait patiently on you food. It's like bringing a kid to the ice cream store and making him wait in a LONG line before he gets his to taste that creamy goodness. But the cooks are working fast, don't take my word for it you actually get to watch them cook. Which cuts the fear of what am I REALLY eating. 
Now, down to the info you've REALLY been waiting for the taste of the food! So, again I ONLY got the shrimp fried rice. That being said I'm not sure if I'm so used to the taste of the old school Chinese rice, or that just wasn't the rice for me. The rice was had a interesting taste not a bad taste. The shrimp were HUGE (major plus) and it was meaty but it had a little bit of a sweet taste to it. I would definitely go back if anything to try out the pork belly dumplings or the general tso chicken.Psychedelic Chinese food. Blends both familiar and foreign. Flavors directionless yet boundless. You're on a trip further and further and your tounge will get you there! With the help of Reds Chinese. I really dug this spot.Wow!. This is one of those rare places where the aromas of the cooking dishes is attention grabbing. The spicy flavors of the fried dumplings are addictive--totally new and challenging. The Hendricks gin and cucumber cocktail was also smooth, complex and slightly spicy. The menu here needs to be explored in detail, and based on what I've tried, is likely to be one of the most unique and noteworthy in the city.Went there for the first time last night. Real hole in the wall atmosphere, which is ok with me. I like those kind of places. Confetti fried rice was good. Was looking forward to the Kung Pao Pastrami for weeks. Unfortunatly I was not impressed. The potential was there, lots of good flavors in it. But the garlic was overabundant and basically uncooked. I love garlic. I will eat roasted or boiled garlic till I stink. But there was alot of garlic in this dish and it seemed as if it was tossed in right at the end as a garnish. Uncooked garlic has an almost medicinal taste and the dish we were served was overwhelmed by the immense amount of it. Maybe thats the way they intended it to be. I was disappoined. I'll go again cause I wanna try the other dishes, but I couldn't at this point say I'd recommend it.Reds seems to continue to deliver an awesome fresh product. I have been there several times and it just gets better. Ordered the pastrami to go tonight and really enjoying my dinner!Stopped by right as they opened for an early lunch before work in the city.  Had the mushu pork and Hawaiian fried rice. Our server was pleasant and attentive. Restaurant is small and cozy and well decorated. Great patio too.Have you ever had a meal so good u wanted to cry? This happened today during lunch time. We had chef Allen cooked our food. We order Hawaiian fried rice beef and broccoli and complimentary chicken wings. EVERYTHING he cooked for us today was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. He knows how to cook awesome food. Today I had a foodgasm. I've been here before and usually every time I go it's good unless I'm going with other people ( some reason when I go with just me and my bf the food is really awesome but when I bring friends the food is okay) But today was by far the best time of my life at Red Chinese's. I couldn't believe how all the flavors just melted together and dance in my mouth. I'm telling y'all need to go when CHEF ALLEN works. HE KNOWS HOW TO COOK GOOD ASS FOOD. Food was so superb I when again later on that day cause Allen said he would be there but he wasn't.  the food was okay. Kinda disappointed by the portions cook by the night chefs. They seem to all cook differently meaning taste wise and ingredients wise. Normally beef and broccoli comes with fried shallots but the night chef put peanuts...the chicken wings wasn't was flavorful nor the beef and broccoli and pineapple fried rice. Tried the twice cooked pork belly thinking it would be tender but it was tough. But I won't knock this restaurant to a four stars. This restaurant gets 5 cause Allen cooks amazing.Finally made it here and it was amazing. Incredible flavors and some of the best house-made kimchi I've ever had in my life. I had the fried noodle special (with shrimp, crab meat and crawfish) which was topped with the best green papaya salad I've ever had. Started with the pork belly buns appetizer, that was also excellent. I will be back!Food good just too loud and very expensive. The music madebmy brain shake and couldnt have a conversation with someone 2 ft from me. Id order to go but never sit in there again. 
Way over priced. 9 buck for a drink? Friendly service just seems more like a hangout for hipsters the a restaurant.My fella and I came for the night after the opening -- so, SO good! We were pumped to have Chinese food in the neighborhood, and Red's did not disappoint. I had the pastrami and the broccoli -- both delightful in completely different ways. A couple of notes:
The portions are big. Family-style big. You will have leftovers. This is a good thing. You will want some more the next day. Their Orangina bottles are really big, too. 
The spicy dishes are actually spicy. Red's does not play. I love spicy food, but I often find that restaurants cater to the mildest palates. Not here -- if you order something spicy, be ready for it. Maybe have a side of rice just in case. The pastrami was *almost* too spicy for me, and I was impressed. 
In summation -- if you are up for something completely different, and want a new take on delicious downtown Chinese food, look for the big red square on St Claude. Dinner awaits!This spot was amazing! Just up the street from where we were staying. We stopped in for an early dinner on a nice day and sat on the back patio. The happy hour special Spiked Thai Tea Daiquiri was so freaking good. We also tried the crawfish rangoons which were creamy, spicy and delicious. The bao buns were pillowy and had a great blend of refreshing and savory. The Hawaiian Fried Rice was a wonderful main, with curried rice, egg, ham/bacon, and fried chicken. It was all so good--the ambience, the flavors, everything!At first I thought this was a sketchy idea. My boyfriend wanted to eat Chinese but the only problem is that we couldn't find the restaurant. It doesn't have a sign and the area is pretty scary. The restaurant is located underneath a Mexican store. Be on a lookout for the yellow building. Walking in my first thought was this is a hipster fusion Asian restaurant. Staff are very friendly and laid back. Upon ordering I read other reviews about the general Tso chicken so I got that. Also the ginger noodles, craw rangoons and Hawaiian fried rice. The craw rangoons are delicious but the only problem is there's not enough filling. They cut their rangoons in half making the cream cheese filling melt out but the spicy green salsa condiment on the plates makes the dish taste amazing. Next the ginger noodles. The serve it with a gigantic spoon... This dish was my least favorite. It's was bland. I didn't not like it. Do not get it if you want to waste $12. General Tso chicken was pretty good. It's not your regular chopped up chicken. They serve you a breast, thigh, wing and drums. Best Tso chicken I ever had. It was a bit overcooked but tasted good still. I would recommend subbing the breast for thighs. Now my favorite dish is the Hawaiian fried curry rice. This dish is f***ing amazing. The pineapples were sweet, the bacon made the rice smokey, the curry was just awesome and I love how they had just a little bit of vegetables in the dish. Overall I would recommend this restaurantJust ordered take out from Red's and its even better than I remember! We did pork belly sliders, swallow cloud soup, and the pastrami. Everything was delicious! Husband didn't care for the soup. Its more bland but I liked how it paired with all of the other spicier dishes and the wontons were huge and divine. Pastrami is a must. So much flavor! The only thing I disliked was the $2 side order of rice. Its a puny portion. Might as well make your own.Our takeout order was missing an item, which we didn't discover til we got home. That's especially annoying because when I showed up at the time they said it would be ready, one woman was rushing to both wait tables and assemble to go orders while a bearded guy stood around with a drink in hand and generally seemed content to let her do all the work. 
On top of that, the duck dish, while delicious, didn't really seem to have much duck. It was more peppers and onions in a sauce. Tasty but  not exactly to expectations. 
We'll probably patronize in the future but it won't be our first choice for Asian food if this is the trajectory Reds is taking.I was here last year and it was so much better... Underwhelming at best... Very expensive for the quality of food you get. Perhaps it was just an off night... Our server was also missing in action for majority of the evening.Craw rangoons, General's chicken, and beef and broccoli were all amazing! Hawaiian rice had an interesting spice blend in it, but wasn't really my favorite. We were able to split all that between a group of 6, along with a bottle of Riesling. Very filling, so far my only Chinese experience in NOLA but it stands out from any I've had ever!You know what? It's just kinda pretty really great in here. It's hard to explain. It's got this really cool but way too weird vibe, but it works. The food is killer. I don't even like eggplant, but I'm obsessed with the eggplant dish here. Fried rice with pineapple and bacon? Check! I think last time I was in here I saw a guy giving his friend a lap dance for her birthday. The time before, our waiter ate a piece of pineapple off my plate when he dropped it at the table because "the pineapple to bacon ratio was off". I personally like eating out back when it's nice, or at the bar with the weirdo bartenders. I think you get the point. It's either your kinda place or it's not. But if it is, get over here!Fantastic food! Was in town for the half marathon and this was a perfect recovery meal. Next time I will come hungrier so I can try more dishes. The craw rangoon was delicious, the chopped peppers were a perfect addition. Loved the brussel sprouts and the chicken dumplings. Great flavors all around and to top it off the drinks were delicious. Also liked the hipster vibe and the chance to get off the beaten track in NOLA.C. R. E. A. M.
(Chinese Rules Everything Around Me)
(Chinese food, that is)
Red's is that FIRE.
Straight up.
Unapologetically aggressive.
Unwaveringly unique. 
Unabashedly bold. 
Constantly impressed by the culinary technique and style.
Continuously blurring the lines between East, West and NOLA. 
So when you see that red square lit up on St Claude.
Know it's all over.
Tobias will have you seeing pink hearts, yellow moons, orange stars and green clovers.I love this place. This is amazing food. Even if you don't like Chinese you will enjoy Red's. The menu has a huge range of options and we had no issue finding something that the whole family wanted. If you are within 10 miles, make the trip here.Super yummy chinese food. The bao was actually a little taco-like thing using the bao as the shell. Unexpected, but delicious. The egg rolls were fried to within an inch of their life. Also delicious. The Hawaiian fried rice was wonderful. Split an entree and an appetizer with a friend, and you'll have enough food for sure.
(The music was mostly 80s hair bands and metal when we were there.)Stupid delicious! Eggplant check. Broccoli beef check. Everything else (fried rice, "general" chicken, kung pao pastrami) check. 
Changing Chinese food perspective.Cool twist on Semi-classic Chinese food! 
Service was good. Slightly spotty at the end of the meal. We had to find/flag down a server. 
Ordered the fried wonton creamcheese/crab appetizer (can't remember what they called it) it was DELICIOUS. It was topped off with a fresh jalapeño relish/jam thing, It was the perfect combination of creamy/ crab/ sweet/ spicy/ crispy/ sour. I day dream about this dish. 
Also got the generals chicken, the ribs and the fried rice of the day, which was confetti. Egg, shrimp, and Chinese sausage. 
You know a good Chinese fusion restaurant when they add a pound of cilantro on top for garnish. 5 stars just for that.
The generals chicken is a HALF CHICKEN, sectioned and fried and then tossed in a sweet and citrusy sauce. Delicious! 
The ribs were amazing. The meat was literally falling off the bone just as we picked it up from the plate! Served with plain white bread and pickled cucumbers. A definite must.
The fried rice was delicious. I LOVE Chinese sausage. And it's rare to see it in Chinese restaurant. The egg was scrambled and kinda tossed into the rice which was nice and the shrimp were very fresh. 
Honestly, with people complaining about it not being authentic. It's a fusion restaurant, accept it for what it is, don't try to compare it because you won't find anything quiet like it and that's what is special about it.My wife loves this place; in my opinion it's hit-and-miss. We both really like the General's chicken; it has a distinct orange taste and is very tasty. Some of the other items, such as the deviled tea eggs, I didn't care for. But, since my wife likes the place so much, we'll likely be return visitors.We had a large group, 15 plus, and ordered family style. We ordered pretty much the whole menu and everything was fantastic!!!! The Craw Rangoon's were to die for, as well as the Hamburger Fried Rice, and just about everything we had! The portions are large and worth every penny! Drink menu is great as well! Will definitely be returning!I was in town and ended up here. To be honest, I was on my way to another place when I saw a lady walk out of there with a Chinese takeout container. I go "Hey, what's that?" She starts to laugh because she can see I am a bit confused. She tells me it is Chinese food and really good. I looked at the sign. Ahh, it clicked! It was Red's, which I'd read about as a Chef to watch (Tobias). The waitress was as sweet as pie. I had the craw rangoons and the General Tso's chicken. Both were outstanding. The chicken dish is sweet, but I love sweet so that was okay with me. One thing struck me a little bit odd was the fact that the chef seemed to be very concerned about ensuring that a chef who was dining (I think he was the chef from Arnaud's) had the utmost service. I surly didn't get that kind of treatment, lol, maybe because I wasn't a top notch chef. But anyway, the food was very good.I LOVED this place. Went with a friend around January and I cannot get their fried chicken and Hawaiian Fried Rice out of my mind. Loved the decor, the prices and the food was amazing. Will definitely go there again my next time in New Orleans.This is a neat restaurant! I would advise looking at pictures of the building on Yelp before coming because there really is no sign outside. It is below a Taqueria. My cousin and I came on a Sunday night. There was no wait and we got seated immediately. My cousin had the iced thai tea daiquiri which is apparently really popular though I didn't see it on the menu. It was awesome! Thai Tea flavor but icy and very refreshing. I got a spin on a French 75 which was really nice and fruity (though I wish I had gotten my cousin's drink). We started with the egg rolls which were huge and full of meat, surprisingly. They were pretty heavy. Then we tried the ginger scallion noodles. I was kind of meh about them but my cousin really loved them. They were huge! We definitely could have just split them as a meal. But we also tried the General's chicken. I really liked this dish! The chicken was perfectly fried and the sauce was sweet and sticky. We could have also just split that dish as a meal! The dishes are huge here which is really awesome. Service was good, not sure what other people are complaining about in that regard. We left with lots of leftovers!Blown away at how good this was. 
Don't turn away or drive past because the neighborhood or the exterior does not look like a place you would want to go!  
Had the Hawaiian rice, chicken dumplings and General chicken and oh my god. 
Large portions, AMAZING flavor and left overs!  
Do yourself a favor and come on in.Tried it on Friday and loved it.  Really enjoyed the open kitchen layout - the smells coming out of it are a sure sign that you are in for some serious flavor.  Tried a number of dishes from the menu - the standouts were the General Lee's chicken - which was superb, and the eggplant served sezchuan style.  Both dishes were flavorful and the eggplant in particular was deliciously spicy.  We also tried the kung pao pastrami and the cumin long beans which were both very good - although if you are going with the beans expect a serious cumin wallop (not a bad thing for me).  I think the creative twists on American/Chinese classics coupled with bold and spicy flavors will have me coming back often.  If only they would deliver to the Irish channel. Service was friendly, relatively quick, and any opening weekend missteps were quickly remedied.Easily the best Chinese in New Orleans. While it is most definitely "fusion" doesn't have a gargantuan menu like most Chinese restaurants do, it does pretty much everything it's going for so well! 
First thing you notice is that this is definitely situated in the more "up and coming" part of the bywater. Signage on the outside consists of light-up red square with no words - between that and the delicious smell coming out of here - it identifies itself. The building is kept clean but this is no John Besh restaurant built with John Besh money. It's fairly humble, functional, and based on the decor you can tell they made the most of resources they have. 
We were in a large group so we ended up having to wait about 30 minutes or so to be seated. Not bad for a Friday night.
The menu is small but curated - a little of some something for everyone: meat, vegetarian, noodles, rice, soup, spicy, mild... Our waiter was nice but definitely a bit overwhelmed- it was busy in there and fairly tight. Following our order food started appearing without too much delay. Pretty much everything we ordered was good but these were great: bywater eggplant, pork belly sliders, pastrami dish, porridge, the ribs, ginger noodles, and the Hawaiian fried rice. Portions are massive (the prices pretty damn low too) and we ordered entirely too much food. If you're here please plan on sharing or you'll be taking home a ton of take-out boxes like we did. Not necessarily a problem though.
I hear their menu rotates often but even if it didn't, I will be returning soon.We love this place. The Kung Pao pastrami is my absolute favorite. The craw rangoons and Hawaiian fried rice are also delicious. I'm not sure if they still do it, but they have half-off wine on Wednesdays. They are very accommodating with large groups and splitting checks. The staff is fun and friendly.I just relocated to New Orleans this week. I was looking for your typical Chinese joint for a quick delivery after a long day; however, what I found was way more than typical. The food was amazing and they provided huge servings! I ordered the Hawaiian fried rice, beef and broccoli, and crawfish Rangoon's. Excellent. Red's is officially my go to Chinese place.I went to Red's for the first time last week to celebrate a friend's birthday, and everything--from the ambience to the house red wine to the craw rangoon and veggie fried rice--was amazing. They were out of the vegan dish made with seitan, but I hope to try it next time. Yay for Red's!One of my top 5 favorite restaurants in NOLA and one of the best Chinese restaurants in the US, including San Francisco and NYC. Sit at the kitchen bar for the best experience. Lots of free samples will come your way if you make conversation with the chefs. Be careful at night. Not the safest area of town.Going to Red's Chinese is like having the Chinese meal of your dreams. The General's Chicken is like what you wish your General Tsao's (or orange chicken) was -- sweet, spicy, crispy, and identifiably chicken, not some mystery meat. Plus cilantro to boot. Everything we had was delicious -- the Al Pastor Bao Buns are a great fusion dish, and the trumpets & veggies had a delectable sauce. Plus, the cocktails!!Huge portions. So good. Everything had exceptional flavor. Their fried rice is necessary for your life!! Got delivery and wondered why it was so pricey but understood when it arrived and the potion of fried rice can easily feed two people. Probably 3Reiterating what other reviewers have said, Red's is a hidden gem located in an unassuming building. My boyfriend and I actually drove past it even with the help of Google Maps--there is no sign in front of the building. 
With that being said, the food here is pretty damn good, and the portions are HUGE for the price. We started off with the Smashed Cucumbers in Tahini Sauce & the Hot & Sour Soup. The cucumbers were light & refreshing, but a little one-note. As for the Hot & Sour Soup, it's easily the best that I've had at any Asian restaurant; the soup was chock full with veggies & Monkfish, and contained the right amount of sourness. It's definitely a must-order whenever I return to Red's. 
For the entrees we had the Ribs and the General's Chicken. If we would've known how big the portions are, we would've only ordered one entree to split. Both were incredibly filling and will be good leftovers for lunch tomorrow.This place exceeded my expectations. Huge portions. Our table shared three meals but has a ton to take home. The menu was small and everything we had was delicious!! Neat, ecclectic part of town. We'll be back for sure. Especially liked the 80's and 90's playlist. ;)Be prepared. For a different experience. For a different hood. For a gut buster. Uber driver from airport recommended this spot and I waved off the possibility of Chinese in NOLA. After a walk through City Park for the Xmas lights (spectacular!), we slid through. The General's Chicken is the 3rd best dish we've had over 5 days (Commanders' Eggs Benedict and Acme's charbroiled oysters taking 1&2). Beef and broccoli is wicked with the twisted delish brisket. Drunken noodles make you cry. Cheeseburger fried rice lived up to its name but a tad heavy for me. Perfect for a table of 4-6 instead of 2. Staff was ultra cool and provided great insight into each dish. Would be back in a second and recommend for a different NOLA experience.Food was so good! We had no idea what we were walking into, especially with the neighborhood looking as it did, but it was so worth it. The AC wasn't working so that was a little painful, but we just had a drink and ignored it. The cheeseburger fried rice was awesome.Ok so had the generals chicken and it had a great fry with lots of flavor! Kind of bummed it only comes with white rice, was hoping for fried rice but oh well. Had the ginger drink it was good but not balanced. The service was excellent, my waitress was very attentive. I finished the meal with the donuts in Matcha. Surprisingly tasty and reminded me a little of Mochi.. I will be back but with other friends to split other options. Parking kind of sucks but don't think that can be fixed!This is my new fav Chinese in Nola. Got Kung Pao pastrami, crawfish Rangoon, tiger salad, egg drop soup, and Hawaiian fried rice and a beer. The soup was mediocre but everything else was very very good. 
Favorite was the kp pastrami. Loads of flavor and the rice cakes were another great non traditional addition that worked really well. 
The crawfish Rangoon was also excellent and exceeded expectations. Figured it would be like most crab rangoons I've had. It was much better and also garnished with chopped jalapeño which boosted the already great flavor.
Decor is nondescript. It's an open kitchen. They have an outdoor back patio.
With tip it was close to 80 bucks. Had plenty of leftovers for myself and my gf. I'll definitely come back.The portions are HUGE so be prepared to share. My favorite options: General Tso's, Kung Pow Pastrami, Fried Rice, and the papaya salad.I love this place.
I never review, either, but this is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.  I am motivated to speak out!
Try the daiquiris, the kung pao pastrami, and the pork belly sliders.This is a curious little restaurant that is a combination of Korean and Chinese but an American staff.  While the General Tso's chicken is popular and my husband liked it a lot, I found that I could taste the oil through the sauce and it didn't work for me.  The chicken comes in quarters rather than small pieces.  The mussels, however, were just lovely in a copious broth.  The house ginger soda tasted very strange and not at all like house made ginger sodas I've had at other restaurants.  
An interesting place and an interesting menu.If this isn't one of your favorite places in the city,  you are hipster trash and should feel awful about it. Outstanding place!So sad, the last two trips to what was once one of my favorites was not good. Service was amazing but it's expensive and quality should be better. Soggy generals chicken and craw Rangoon that were soggg as well. Fried rice burned and not very spiced. Just a huge disappointment.The servers here are super sweet. Jonah, Noel, Valentina, and Pearl hooked us up. Even though the night was coming to a close, they were so nice in still seating and serving us. They accommodated my wife's vegetarian needs and filled my friend and I up like kings. This place is not to be missed. The flavor is absolutely fantastic and a unique presentation. The atmosphere is also rad. I would definitely come back and recommend this place to anyone.I went here a few months ago and the food was great! Im only giving 3 stars because of the waitress we had. We had a good waitress throughout the meal but it wasn't until the check came. We had a fairly large group so of course we tipped the waitress well. However, I don't know if she knew how to count money or not but after we gave her the money, she returned with our bill AND the money basically telling us that we didn't tip her. We recounted the money again and everything was there including her tip! The attitude she gave us was unacceptable and she sounded very degrading when she was practically demanding tip from us. 
Brush up on your money counting skills, homegirl.Saw a flyer for this delivery only new restaurant.  Heard some buzz about the quality of the food from neighbors.  Simply amazing.  I don't know where or who these people are but let me tell you that this is the best Chinese delivery I have ever ordered.  The General Lee chicken is a must try.Just got take out for the first time from Red's. Based on all the reviews I was hoping for a lot more, and I've been desperately searching for a decent General Tso in this city for years now.
If you haven't been, don't waste your time. Their take on 'General Tso' was a chicken leg and a half breast fried and then smothered with a nondescript, very non General Tso-like sauce. Not what I was expecting, at all. There was also more bone than meat in my tray.  If I wanted fried chicken I would have just gone to Popeye's.
We also got the eggplant dish, which was eggplant sliced and drenched in a hoisin-like sauce.  Even the egg rolls, paired with a very vinegary sauce, were not very good. The only halfway decent thing we got were their pickled cucumbers.
I was so disappointed.
Bottom line: if you're looking for 'traditional' type of take out or dine in Chinese this isn't your place.I really liked red's when it was delivery only, but since opening they seem to be having some issues with quality control. I've ordered from them twice since they opened the restaurant . Both times the pastrami has been really fatty, and one time I ordered I hardly got any pieces. When they were delivery only, I was given plenty of pieces that were not primarily fat. The last time I ordered, both the pastrami and Hawaiian fried rice were extremely over salted. I know they recently opened, so perhaps these issues can be attributed to this, but I really hope the red's can return to their delivery quality soon.A bit hard to find and not the prettiest environs, but I did enjoy the food.  There is indoor and outdoor seating in the back that is much nicer than the front.  The dumplings were awesome.  Fried rice had a bit to much Chinese sausage for my preference but was good.  The beef dish also great.
What I liked most was that the food was very tasty and different than all the other Chinese restaurants in New Orleans.  Worth the trip.Red's you are killing it! Seriously I've never been happier to award all five stars before.
Loving the menu updates! The Green Papaya Salad is crunchy, tart and bright as morning light. The Pork Belly Buns, to die for. The Fried Rice Noddles will put a smile on anyone's face. The General's Chicken is seriously one of the best fried chicken dishes in the city! It's crunchy yet juicy and the Orange sauce is magical.
New cocktails are also on point. 
Big shoutout to Alan and Matt who seriously made our experience a thousand times better!
When you go make sure to sit at what I call The Chef's Table. That's the bar area right in front of the  cooking area. You get to see all the secrets and if you're nice maybe a few surprises.Cannot rave enough about this place.  Only been once while on vacation here.  Please go.  Please go and please eat the sliders.  And then order a second round of them.  And then call me and invite me to have them with you after.  Then have the General Lee's chicken. This place is outstanding.  That is allWe had the tofu and Buddha fried rice.  They were both very delicious.  The food is much better than the building looks from the outside.  We had trouble finding the place because there was no sign that we saw.  But yum yum yummy!! :)I heard about this place from a friend and my partner and I decided to give it a try - we loved it and so I decided to invite a group of my friends there for my birthday.
First, they were super accommodating and set up a table for a group of 9 that actually turned out to be 8 with a really late guest and they weren't dicks about it. The waitress was super friendly and didn't make us feel rushed and was helpful when it came to the guest who had a food allergy; they provided her a gluten free menu and even prepared GF versions of dishes for her. They're A+ and really made it a great experience for us - even though we made a huge order on a Thursday night. They're a pretty casual place, so I appreciate them being so welcoming of a large party. The shared plates experience worked great for us though and we ordered enough for everyone to get a healthy portion.
We ordered Hawaiian Fried Rice, I love the pairing of curry and fried chicken and the pineapple is a nice tangy touch (this was my favorite from last time); I was hoping they had the Prawn Congee from the last time we went because it was so delicious, but it wasn't on the menu this time. We ordered the Kung Pao Pastrami and everyone was in love with the little rice cakes it comes paired with. The Yaka Mein was great, it was my first time having it. The General Tsos and the Crispy Lamb were great, the spice was nice on both and the chicken was juicy. Overall there wasn't a thing that I didn't enjoy! 
The reason I wanted to have my friends here is because between the atmosphere and the food it's a great place to have a meal with someone you want to be around. The music has been great both times and the people who work there are friendly and the kitchen puts out work. Easily going to become one of my favorite spots!Ok, here's the thing about Red's: 
When they're good, they're great.
When they're bad, they're inedible.
Unfortunately, you never know what you're gonna get.
Their biggest problem is consistency.
That being said, we eat there about once a week.  We ALWAYS get takeout.  We made the mistake of eating in once.  Never again.  Ridiculously loud and uncomfortable.  
Our favorite is the Hawaiian fried rice.  The fried chicken and bacon and pickled pineapple in there is delectable, when they're having a good night.  
BUT it almost never tastes the exact same twice in a row.
I'll say most of the time, it's pretty damn excellent though.  For around 12-13 bucks we have enough to feed our family of 3 + lunch for me for the next day or 2.  Can't beat that.
Have tried other things that were complete fails.  So much so that I KNOW they had to be epic fuckups in the kitchen that were served anyway, which I just cannot comprehend.  To be fair, those were shortly after they opened.  I would like to think those things would not be happening after the restaurant has gained its footing.big fun in here.   fusion fusion fusion.  we tried pastrami fried rice, pineapple rice, general tso, congee,  OMG what else?  four of us just sampling as much as possible including the big pineapple rum drink.
most excellent.  flavorful food with a twist.   not really chinese but fused with chinese.     if you haven't been here its really great.    I look forward to this being a new staple for us.  
it is pretty loud inside, and lots of hustle and bustle...   cause this place is busy.   waitress was in the weeds, and handled it really well.If it weren't for the chefs I would give this place probably a 3 or 4 out of 5 stars. The food is AMAZING...but you must sit at the bar top towards the front of the restaurant and chi chat with the chefs. Tobias is the head chef and totally cool. Very good sense of humor. Max is also super sweet and loves to have people sitting up there to chat with.
Honestly my first experience here would have been ruined if it weren't for those two guys. My boyfriend and I walked in and had no idea what was going on and honestly I was kind of in the mood for "real Chinese" food. But we just seated ourselves without being greeted or anything and getting passed by other guests. 
Max must of noticed I seemed agitated and basically saved the entire evening. And I'm happy he did. Made us feel really welcome and let us try a couple little tasters of other dishes while we waited for our orders. The servings are very large and delicious. I'm excited to see what other dishes they may come up with as their business grows. 
So congrats to you guys for making amazing food! If everyone there were more attentive in their service I'm sure the business will do well.After reading the reviews, I was excited to try Red's Chinese. I ordered take-out on a busy Friday night. Delicious aromas wafted onto St. Claude as I approached the restaurant. However, I was extremely disappointed to discover that my olfactory system had betrayed my taste buds. The Generals chicken that I ordered was replaced with Kung Pao pork. While the pork was good, it wasn't what I ordered. I was even more disappointed with the craw rangoon and bao, which deviated so far from traditional flavors that they were almost unrecognizable to me.Another place I can't say enough about. The staff, the food. I went a few weeks ago and I still can't get it out of my mindNondescript on the outside for sure but good flavor inside! The crawfish rangoons had chunks of crawfish and the generals chicken was sweet and yummy.  A John Besh favorite - it's worth a shot to come by!We just had lunch and it was the best Chinese We've ever had. Crab Rangoons were AMAZING,  go ahead and get the large order. The Cajun fried rice is large enough for 2 to share and so tasty. I highly recommend this spot and plan on returning for sure!!Red's is seriously fucking great. When I heard there was a Chinese spot opening up on St. Claude, I was pretty fucking pumped. While it exists, there is not a lot of Chinese takeout in NOLA or in the Bywater. I was pretty stoked to have a spot so close to home. 
However, a preemptive menu inquiry deflated my excitement. My first thought was, Christ, they really hipsterred the fuck out of this Chinese food, what is this bullshit? Additionally, their vegetarian dishes appeared to be solely based around a single vegetable, always a dangerous proposition. I resisted my girlfriend's requests to try Red's out for several months, not wanting to drop $30 for a mediocre meal. Eventually I gave in, and shit was I surprised.
The food is fucking excellent. I'm not sure if the creator is some sort of buddhist zen master who spent his lifetime in China learning the local cuisine and mastering the art of the sauce or just some dude got stoned jumped on all recipes and made all of their Chinese recipes, then figured out how to market them to hipsters, but either way it's some of the best food I've ever had. NOLA's food game is extremely high, and it is with no small amount of reverence that I claim that Red's is one of the very best restaurants in New Orleans.  To get a better meal anywhere else in NOLA you'll need to spend at least three times as much money and it is doubtful that it will be three times as good.OMG! Yum!
First time here and the pork belly buns are out of this world. Ginger noodle bowl is kicking!
We will be back. Be funky and be cool...Visiting from New Orleans and I decided to order some Chinese food delivery. Despite the miscommunication of my address, the food was absolutely amazing. They delivered my food very quickly and it was nice and hot still. I ordered the cheeseburger fried rice and the half order of general chicken. So good and full of flavor. My delivery person was very sweet and nice! I would recommend this to everyone!Absolutely the best kept secret in New Orleans, 
Amazing infusion of food it's fresh & spicy. 
With hands on owners thats shown in every detail in the plate that they care..... 
  Simply must try, impossible to regret it.. 
FYI:: I think the best part is that its incognito you would never imagine what you're going to receive from outside..Loved, loved, loved this place. You'll know it by the red square hanging outside...that's the sign. The ambience is somewhere between a speakeasy and a sushi bar. The music was a tad loud, but it was okay. We ordered the craw Rangoon, egg rolls, chicken dumplings, Hawaiian fried rice, and General's chicken (they were out of the Kung Pao pastrami - next time). It's all served family style so you can share. Even with the four of us taking our fair share, there was still plenty to take back home with us. The service was excellent. My only disappointment was the cantaloupe daiquiri-not my favorite, though my sweetheart enjoyed his. We'll definitely return to this spot the next time we're in town.Went with 6 friends and ordered the ORIENTAL SLIDERS, SMASHED CUCUMBERS, FRIED DUMPLINGS, GENERAL LEE'S CHICKEN, KUNG PAO PASTRAMI, HAWAIIAN FRIED RICE, DELTA BOK & BROCCOLI, BYWATER EGGPLANT, and a special of Crawfish Rangoon which my pals devoured before I had a chance to have any. The ORIENTAL SLIDERS, FRIED DUMPLINGS, and DELTA BOK & BROCCOLI were awesome. The SMASHED CUCUMBERS, GENERAL LEE'S CHICKEN, KUNG PAO PASTRAMI, and HAWAIIAN FRIED RICE were all very good. Our server was lovely and very accommodating. Prices were VERY reasonable--for all that plus drinks, tax and tip it came to $34/person.
I just wish the food had come out in a more orderly fashion. Everything seemed to arrive at once. Whatever happened to appetizers followed by main courses? As it was, we never got the BYWATER EGGPLANT, which was fine--we had ordered more than enough and our server didn't charge us for it--but I think if things were served in a more logical fashion such mistakes could be avoided.
Still, would I go back? In a heartbeat :-)Food was delicious!!!! We had CRAW RANGOONS ,AL PASTOR BUNS and HAWAIIAN FRIED RICE.  The only bit of advise would be to get a bigger sign so other people can find you and enjoy the amazing food!!  Thank you for your fast, courteous service! I will tell my friends when they are out this way.There General Lee's chicken is the best dish I have ever tried.  It produces a total foodgasm!It was a really good twist on Chinese. Even the drinks are good variations of old favorites.This place left me so underwhelmed and unsatisfied. 
I really love how they set it up and the ambiance it gives off. The music is modern and I could feel myself bopping my head to it. 
On to the food. I had the Bywater eggplant, ginger scallion noodles, royal ribs, and Hawaiian fried rice. I was expecting the eggplant dish to be more flavorful after reading all of the good reviews, but I didn't taste the spice that everyone was talking about. It was good, but not great. The ginger scallion noodles had such good flavor. I could really taste the ginger in the sauce. So tasty. The royal ribs was too sweet for my liking. But it was so tender! I loved that I could just use my fork to pull the meat off instead of dirtying my fingers picking it up. Hawaiian fried rice... I was so sad. No one at my table enjoyed this. We ended up leaving over half uneaten. The rice did not taste fully cooked and would break up in my mouth. I hate hard rice. The flavor was good, but who wants to eat uncooked rice? No one. 
I probably would never come back unless a friend really wanted to try. I wish I had a good experience like everyone else!We got seated in the back where it had an interesting ambience. The whole back was lit up with red lights. Definitely unique. We got ragoons, pork buns, and the Cajun fried rice. Our favorite was the pork buns - it was crispy, the fat semi melted in your mouth, covered in a soft and delicate bun. The best part was our waiter who was very generous in his recommendations for our food there and other nearby Asian restaurants. He even wrote us a list and then take took a picture with us. So very good service at reds. We recommend getting small sizes so that you can share and try different things. Ask for the secret menu ;)Yum!! Chinese food with a NOLA twist. General Tso's chicken was amazing. Fried rice (can't remember the name but the one with the andouille sausage) had so much flavor and the craw Rangoon was different but delicious. We absolutely loved sitting at the bar and watching the chefs make their magic. Would highly recommend!I have trouble rating Red's Chinese because my experience was mixed with both pros and cons.  I guess it would be more like a 3.5 overall.
After having mentioned to my friend time and time again that New Orleans needs better Chinese food, I was especially excited to hear about the opening of this restaurant.  So we decided to go check it out last night. Everything sounded very promising, and for the most part it lived up to my expectations.
We walked in and were seated promptly.  I liked the atmosphere inside the restaurant.    My friend and I ordered quickly:  Smashed cucumbers and Craw Ragoons to start;  Then the King Tofu and Ginger Scallion Noodles for entrees.
Here's where the trouble started though: the first thing to come out was my entree of the King Tofu.  Then several minutes later the smashed cucumbers.  (Let me parlay by saying that both of these were VERY tasty.  My entree was spicy, as indicated on the menu, and I did not need to add any additional sriracha or other spice to it.  I really don't like when restaurants say something will be spicy and it's not.  Red's was very on point with their seasoning and I admire that.)  The problem, however, was that the Craw Ragoons never came out and I finished my entire entree before my friend even got his.  So we had to cancel the order of ragoons, which I was really looking forward to.  This obviously makes for awkward waiting times and really messes with the flow of the meal.  Would have liked the appetizers first and the entrees together, obviously. I'll chalk it up to being a new restaurant with common growing pains. 
tl;dr =  I will be back because the food was outstanding.  I just hope everything will be properly expedited and that the service will improve in general.  I will update this review when I try Red's again.Delicious-like seriously many nomz were consumed today at Red's Chinese. We went all out (sorry not sorry) and ordered small plates of craw rangoon, bao buns, and kung pao pastrami & cheeseburger fried rice as our entrees. The pastrami is a little spicy so if you don't like heat the cheeseburger fried rice would be a solid route to go. Everything was delicious & I'm v excited for my leftovers tonight. If you find yourself in NOLA I'd definitely recommend checking it out. It's in a neighborhood that seems to be pretty gentrified-she's a little rough around the edges. Don't let the appearance scare you-you'll be more than fine. There is no parking so you'll have to drive around the neighborhood a bit to find a spot.I have been back to Red's a handful of times since my poor-ish experience and every time has been fantastic.  The food is stellar.  Go in a tad early if you want full menu availability - often times things run out later in the evening, but you can't blame em when it's that delicious.Well it seems that the Yelp elites and me have an inversely proportional relationshi on this one.....  This was my first time at red's and I wanted it to be as unbiased as possible.  I ordered water so as not to affect the taste of the food.  I ordered a generals chicken and Hawaiian rice, but after learning the General chicken was on the bone--switched to kung pao pastrami.  
The food was very exotic, and the service was a whole 4 people sitting at the bar.  Needless to say our server was a few feet away and the service was like Buckingham Palace.  The rice threw me off at first.  The chunks of pineapple were so sweet at first I thought they were pickles!  But had to close my eyes and do a double take.  The taste of pineapple, flavored rice, bacon, and curry permeated it thoroughly.
The "king pao" pastrami had lots of peppers, onions, vegetables, and rice cakes.  Rice cakes are like tiny hard-boiled egg slices that could pass for the texture of abalones.  They are smooth and chewy.  For the first half of the pastrami I thought it was a vegan dish.  Then the strong bacon tasting cubes of meat really shined.   I really enjoyed the unusual cooking of cubes in the bacon grease (or whatever they did to make the meat taste strongly of bacon)
But the only thing I didn't really care for was the sting of the check.  An entree and rice (small/small are $11/$12)  so in the end it's 11+12(23+10%) is 25.30+tip{another 3.75} brings the final bill to $29 for 1 person.  No drink, egg roll, or craw rangoon.  The dishes are basically Cajun/Asian with a naturally spicy kick via peppers and vegetables.  
I like red's but don't think it commands a $30/person cost.  There just wasn't value.  When you want Chinese I'd be hard pressed if someone asked me for more than $15 to pick up something.  So when you spend $26/person unexpectedly it's easy to find Chinese food that "may be easier to swallow......."I live around the corner from Red's, so the temptation to blow my paycheck all at once here is real. 
The last time I ate at Red's, I got the rangoons and General's Chicken. It wasn't exactly what I was expecting. I guess I'm just used to eating the cheap to-go stuff, so it was surprising to get a massive plate of chicken that wasn't 75% breading or compressed into little, questionable nuggets. The food here looks REAL, tastes homemade, and is more like a fusion of Chinese and southern comfort foods. It was delicious and went above and beyond my expectations. 
One morning, they let me in 5 minutes early, and I ordered something that wasn't prepared yet. The waiter then insisted on making it himself and said it was no trouble, despite my trying to order my second choice as not to inconvenience anyone. That experience really stuck with me. The staff is not only friendly, but excited to be there, and they go above and beyond for customers. I will absolutely be a lifetime customer. 
Side note, the satsuma daiquiri is excellent, and they have a good beer selection! Great ambiance and there's an outdoor area.