Is it okay to say this is my favorite brunch spot even though all I've ever had here is their grits? I would definitely try one of their other courses and I'm pretty sure they're amazing, but it is so hard to not get my favorite thing off their menu! Their portion is so huge, i usually share it with another person (if I'm not being greedy)! You can literally top anything onto your dish and they vary from .50 cents to 1.00 dollar.  I love to add on avocados, red bell peppers, bacon, cheddar, and mushrooms! Their grits are incredible, it is not grainy nor watery. It's just perfect. I can go on and on. but I'm pretty sure you get the point! 
Eventually, i will try their other dishes, but for now, it's all about their grits.What can I say?  I'm a sucker for new american.  The owner is a very nice gentleman who really enjoys food.  
The service was impeccable and the food was Ridiculously good.  We ordered a mixed berry waffle, huevo rancho, traditional breakfast bagel with grits, and best sandwich with fresh fruits.  
I highly recommend the huevo rancho and best sandwich.  The grits was very good as well. 
If you decide to visit this restaurant, say hi to the owner.  He's a great guy.Great food, great atmosphere, great service. I've been here twice, and neither was a disappointment. The food is always fantastic (if a bit on the pricey side) - maybe it's because I'm a sucker for Nutella, but the Belgian Waffle topped with Nutella is Heaven for your mouth.Employees need to be coached in hygiene and proper food handling techniques. Was a frequent visitor but that one gross employee made me notice other things and question whether I would come back and as of yet I have not. I messaged them previously and didn't receive any replies.
Food is usually decent and over priced but didn't mind until that one nasty guy.
Message:
We eat here quite regularly but I witnessed something extremely disturbing and unsanitary today that I would really like to consult management about. 
An employee who was both taking cash and serving food proceeded to grab fruits with his bare hands (unwashed) then wipe his hands on the back of his pants. He then went back to taking orders where he used his arm and same hand to wipe his nose, sniffed, and touched his hair. I cannot tell you how disgusted I was as it made me look to other areas of sanitation lapses as well.  
Thank you.My roommate and I began our best brunch search months ago and stumbled into Refuel when we first started. After going back a couple of times since, I can say the food is good and the ambiance is great but whole package isn't my top brunch spot in the city, or even in my top 5 (granted, there are a lot of brunch places in New Orleans). 
I heard great things about their french toast so I went in with high hopes and was told they no longer serve it!! So, if you're in a sweet mood, get the Belgian waffle with all the goods on the side at no extra cost and share it with a trusted diner. 
I'd be happy to return to check out their new menu, so hopefully that will up my brunch scale rating!Really, more like 3.5 stars. Very clean, light-filled atmosphere. Waffles were light and fluffy and fruit was fresh and in season. Loved the pecan coffee.
Downsides:
Unfriendly cashier. I was really taken aback by the general demeanor of the young lady who took our order. No hello, thank you or anything else for that matter. 
Two couples who came in after us grabbed tables while their partner waited in line, so we stood holding coffee and waters for about 10 minutes right by the coffee bar. I'd like to see Refuel be more proactive in preventing this, but I do appreciate the young man who was very friendly and broke up a 4 top table from one of the couples who snaked seats and squeezed the three of us in just as our food arrived.
I will definitely head back to Refuel and I will continue to order BEFORE grabbing a table, and I hope you will too!The best grits in Nola + consistently good breakfast/brunch + pleasant staff and service. This is a go-to when I want a good brunch without a crazy long wait or reservation needed. It's a small location so there is an occasional wait, but the staff is great at turning tables and only accepting food orders as space becomes available for seating. I usually take visitors here when they want something casual but delicious. Definitely a good spot that locals frequent!What can be said that isn't said already?
Atmosphere: clean, efficient, but classy. Good quality seating. Comfortable. 
Food: Those cooks know what they are doing. The food for breakfast and lunch is astounding. The prices seem high-ish, but actually, you get a lot of food that fills you just to the brink of super-fullness.
Coffee: they serve French Truck coffee here. Great iced coffee! Meh iced latte, at least for a large. Too much milk. Gimme more of that espresso!
Speed: great on weekdays! Weekends are another matter for me; there is always a line out of the door! This is their fault, as the great food and customer service keeps people coming back. Man, so many people though. Ugh and they're gonna be loud and talking about things. Hell, I'll just come back on a weekday.BLUF:  Great food, great owner and staff.  Setup can be annoying.
Small place but with lots of seating but not enough sometimes for how popular it can be.  You walk in and go to the register where you look at the menu, order and pay.  Then you look for a seat.  This can be annoying and not group friendly.  Sometimes you will wait and wait and wait and almost get your food with no where to sit.  It hasnt happened to me but I am a spaz and always think it will.
The food is great.  Last time I got the jalepeno pork over grits.  It was fantastic and not too spicy.  Very very good.  My lady got the smoked salmon omelet with fried capers and it was really good too.  Very great food and interesting menu with the standard breakfast options as well.
The owner is moving around the floor the whole time and he is really really nice.  All of the staff is nice.  
My only real comlaint is that for me the ordering/waiting thing is a little stressful and can sometimes stop you from even enjoying your food lesiurely cuz a million people are standing there looking for the next available table.
Great food though.Update: Lowered my review by one star.  I still frequent this place for breakfast fairly regularly and it doesn't disappoint.  Always decent, never WOW amazing.  The A/C used to be blasting all the time, a great perk for that hangover hot feeling.  Now its much warmer... maybe they finally realized their entergy bill was more than their rent.What, no line for Sunday brunch!?  Awesome.  Just make sure you get there before the 11am rush.  Excellent coffee choices, ie medium or dark.Great breakfast.  Would definitely come again.  Highly recommend.    Next to Carrollton Market.  
Had the Southern breakfast.  Basic but excellent.  Nothing pretentious, just good.The service was Ahmazing! The Meat burrito was delicious and served with great sauce!! The ambiance is real chill! I recommended this place to anyone visiting New Orleans or who lives in the city!I was a little nervous walking in because it seemed like one of those "fast food but not really" type restaurants, if that makes sense. You order at the counter, then sit down and wait for your food, so it's not the typical waiter/waitress setup. However, the food was absolutely delicious! My boyfriend and I got a few dishes to share between the two of us and we were very happy with everything. I will definitely be returning here. Also - the artwork on the walls is so cute! Definitely pay attention to it.Excellent, mostly organic food. Only thing I didn't like was the fact that the hot chocolate was made with water and not milk. I had the big breakfast which was awesome the grade of the food is superb. I'm very picky about bacon, I usually don't eat it but the applewood was wonderful.Had the worst experience I've had at a restaurant in a while here. Ordered take out and waited over an hour and fifteen minutes for our food which was just a breakfast sandwich and grit plate. In that time, only one employee came to talk to us, not to tell us sorry for the wait, but to tell us that they didn't have enough grits to complete our order.  The food is good, but not good enough to wait over an hour for.This is one of my favorite little neighborhood places for breakfast. Cute art work, good energy and the food is soooo good and the owner so nice and attentive when he is there on Sunday brunches.   
I adore the blueberry and mint iced tea that they make there, it is the best. The grits are so good they turned this Yankee into a grits lover. 
It is such a fun, consistent and lovely place to spend a morning.We love everything about Refuel. The staff, the food, the owner Guthrie, all amazing! And the grits oh wow!My favorite breakfast spot in the city & the owner is so nice! Btw try the grits & French toast!Super cute and chic restaurant. Great service and he food is delicious! I had the California burrito and it was great. They have a special house sauce with a hint of spice that makes everything even better. The ambiance is very nice with light music in the background! Definitely a mom and pop place!I either had Migas or Huevos Rancheros, I honestly can't remember anything other than perfectly cooked eggs and creamy black beans. Refuel is delicious! Great breakfast place but has some limited seating.Came back a second time, and I gotta say the place is definitely still a five star establishment. Despite Hampson Street getting crazy flooded, and there being a line nearly out the door, the line moved quick, the owner was super nice and accommodating, and despite having ordered the same thing, it seriously delivered. 
Tried my friend's Huevos, and while her dish was lacking on the salsa fresca/pico, the beans were spot on; really well seasoned. If nothing else, I love how clean this place is compared to other New Orleans establishments. Feels nice.I really liked this cute little spot. I ordered a berry waffle with berries on the side, an order of bacon and an order of potatoes. My waffle was delicious and the potatoes were perfectly seasoned, the bacon was good also. My husband ordered the beast sandwich and potatoes and he said it was very good and all the veggies on it tasted fresh. My friend ordered the meat burrito and he said it was flavorful and filling. It was slightly pricey for breakfast, but the ingredients are good quality so I suppose it's worth it. I was a little grossed out by the padding on the chairs that were full of gross stains. The owners should really look into replacing it with leather or something that can be wiped off. Also, when it was time to order they were out of a lot things already...we came on a Monday around 11am.while in town for jazz fest, we stumbled upon this place thanks to yelp. it was really delicious. everything was so fresh and light and the portions were spot on. I had the migas and we split a cinnamon roll with orange zest. Both were excellent. I especially loved the home made sauce (which we will try to recreate). I highly recommend this place when in the areaI dream of Refuel's grits. I salivate thinking of Refuel's grits. I would walk 500 miles just to eat Refuel's grits. I would sell one of my kidneys just to eat Refuel's grits. If I had a last meal, it'd be Refuel's grits. 
But kidding aside, if you're a local and have yet to try Refuel, go. Now. And order the grits. ( I don't care if you're from the Bywater, Lakeview, Gentilly, or the East. Go make the drive. The Riverbend isn't that far away. It's worth the trip.)
If you're just visiting, you'd be doing a disservice to yourself and everyone else you're traveling with if you didn't take your head that's buried in those tourist guidebooks and take the St. Charles Streetcar all the way to Hampson and S. Carrollton and experience these remarkable grits.
If I had to choose the best place to grab brunch in NOLA, Refuel Cafe would win by far. With their life changing (yes life changing) grits I don't know how any other establishment could compete.
Go. Now! And try a bite of heaven. I'm certain you won't be disappointed.Refuel Cafe has a menu item called the Big Breakfast. It included 3 eggs, sunny side up. 4 pieces of toast. 3 andouille sausages. A hearty handful of russet burbank breakfast potatoes. It was served alongside a large cup of dark roast coffee.
It was yummy. I was satisfied. This is the best breakfast I've had in New Orleans. Go here.Glad to see you guys are still around! I TRIED to go, but ended up in Surreys? Damn. Was too hungry to contiune the search, but am glad to have found Refuel! Will be in soon!Excellent service and creative brunch-style entrees. In a neat part of town. A little pricy but you get your money's worth, portion-wise, so you'll prob have some leftovers for a snack.Our FAVORITE breakfast/brunch spot around our house. The food is always perfect. It's the freshest and very consistent. The atmosphere is awesome too. Very bright, simple, clean, modernish. The prices are great. We have never had a bad meal or a bad experience here and we have been at least a dozen times. And we look forward to going to refuel at least a dozen more times. Best best best! Refuel will always have a special place in my heart.This place is amazing but a little pricey. The decor is very chic and modern. You go up to the counter and order and they bring it out to you. I ordered a spicy chicken salad sandwich that rang up to be $9 if I remember right.
The food and drink that I had was amazing and I was actually quite disappointed that I had finished it all and had to leave! They also have really good smoothies. Just ask!Love Guthrie.  Love what he has done with this place.  Service is friendly and his love for life flows down to his employees' behavior.  I love the look and the 'close to your neighbor' vibe of Refuel.  The food is generally good but a few things have started to slip so I have to ding these in hopes that a later update to this review will be glowing.  Just need to revisit some menu items and I'll revise with a 4 or 5.  I want to keep coming back.
The good:
The eggs were perfect over easy.  The breads are high quality.  Fruit and granola cuos excellent.  Huevos rancheros always consistent.  Oh, yes...the grits are to die for.  Better not to ask about how much cream/butter is in there.
The not so good:
I think that the first sign of quality at a  breakfast place is the potatoes. They're not horrible, but I don't feel like eating them.  They are over seasoned with something like crawfish boil or Chachere's so they're over salty and the potato flavor is overwhelmed.  They're also soggy, maybe from being made in over-large batches , sitting too long, and being served in a cup.  Not greasy, but not crisp.  Little evidence of being on a griddle. ..I think they ARE done on a flat top but not for long... there should be a little crispiness.  Probably over boiled prior to the griddle.  So they seem soggy but feel dry to eat...don't know how they manage that.  I ate a few forkfulls and gave up.  They really need to tighten this up or rethink the recipe.  Should check out the spuds at Toast on Laurel for inspiration.
The andouille is not to my taste.  I love a good sausage, but there are many of us who just can't eat much without our gorge rising if the fat content is too high and this andouille is too fatty.  I ate 2 bites and quit.  Not poor quality, just 2 much fat.
A little review of the menu, some QC efforts, and Refuel will be right back at the top of my list.I like to think I'm a breakfast connoisseur.  This place has blown my mind. Best grits ever, hands down. Best breakfast burrito ever, hands down... Etc etc. It's really a special place to indulge in culinary mastery.This place is a little hard to peg. As a dyed in the wool Surrey's guy, I like that they make a few nervous nudges towards the "crunchier" side of breakfast (the morning glory muffin was exquisite). However, there is also an undercurrant of "hey, we could franchise this operation" and I suspect a few items were squezzed out of a tube from SYSCO. The counter service was friendly but erratic and distracted and the breakfast burrito was a solid "good", no better. The Tulane student & Riverbend neighborhood denizens seemed right pleased.Went back in two weekends ago with my husband. It was around 1:45pm when we arrived and while the Yelp listing had 3pm as closing, the door said 2pm. We walked up to the counter to see the same young lady from my previous review. She didn't greet us and I asked if we were too late because I didn't want to put the kitchen out if they were almost broken down. The response I got was, "No, we close in 15 minutes."
Now, on it's face, it might seem harmless, it's true, they did close in 15 minutes....but it essentially made us feel like we would be rude to order. I understand that this is a touchy subject as far as how long before closing should you stop ordering food. Honestly, I would have been more comfortable with being told the kitchen was shutting down and no longer preparing food. 
The whole situation left a bad taste in my mouth. We love supporting small, local cafes, and I really enjoyed Refuel's food the time before, but even though we live up the street, we won't be back in.I have been to this cafe more times than I can count.
The first year that I lived here I was frequenting this place on the way to school nearly every day.  My trips were for one reason, the AWESOME iced coffee.  Obviously it's a cold drip coffee, it's so delicious I loved it.
Another thing that's awesome here.  The waffles.  They will basically do whatever you want and one of the best things is apples, walnuts, and peanut butter.  SO GOOD! yummy!
It kinda sucks that they close by 2 or 3, but if you like early breakfast than go go, but if you like brunch time they will be super busy and you will have to wait.  Later in the day they tend to start running out of things so make sure and get there early!
They do take credit.  :)I've only been here once but I loved the omelet I got - Baja Omelet. The friend I went with LOVES Refuel so I imagine we will be going back soon. She loves the Huevos Rancheros and that's what I want to try next time. It's a small place, but luckily we didn't have to wait long after placing our order for a table. Definitely going to be one of my go-to spots for brunch.Great omelets and Cuban sandwich. Fresh fruit and delicious coffee. They made my omelet with egg whites with no questions asked.  The atmosphere is crowded and hectic so if u are looking for a relaxing weekend breakfast/brunch this is not the place to go but if can handle the craziness,  the food is definitely worth it. Even though there is no waitstaff, the staff behind the counter and the bus boys were very nice, quick and attentive.Oh my! I can here as it was the highest rated for brunch. Yelp did not do me wrong. I had the Baja omelet with the grits and I was oh so happy with my choice. The grits we're probably some of the best I ever had and the omelet was perfect. The pecan coffee was a perfect partner and the orange juice was amazingly fresh. 
The only reason I didn't give it give stars is bc the girl at the counter was not too welcoming and seemed a little irritated when I didn't know the routine of ordering at the counter and then picking a seat, but the guys who delivered my food to the table and came and took my plate we're really nice. This place is a definite must.Stopped here since Cowbell is closed on Mondays. The food was good but the wait for eggs and bacons seemed out of proportion. Especially considering they were not that busy. And it was expensive. Two breakfasts with coffee for $30?? And it wasn't anything fancy. I had three eggs over easy and bacon. 
The wait staff was super nice!! Definitely recommend for a bite as long as you're not in a rush.Very cute place!! The owner is sweet as pie...Guthrie you are SOOO kind!! My breakfast was the huevos rancheros...delicious...didn't need anything added to it! My boyfriend ate the citrus pork and grits...YYYAASSS!!!!  Great mix of savory and sweet! I love the grits...can't go wrong!! And for my drink unlimited blueberry mint ice tea...quite refreshing!! We'll be back!!Popular brunch spot for a Sunday, but don't worry the line moves and you will get seating. I ordered the brioche French toast which was very good but almost too sweet. It had a wonderful amount of nutmeg that added to the experience. My over easy eggs were perfectly cooked. 
My biggest complaint was about the coffee. I ordered an Americano and it just tasted like regular coffee. No crema and it was handed to me scalding hot. With Americanos, it is best to top it off with a little room temperature or cold water so it isn't so hot.  If I wanted to burn my mouth on burnt coffee I would just go to Starbucks instead.Long wait, but it was packed in there (Thursday morning around 9:30 AM). All the staff members are SUPER nice. They def have the best bowl of grits in the whole damn city. I got the Garden omelette, which has spinach, onion, and tomatoes, and I substituted egg whites for an extra $1. So for $7.95 I got an egg white omelette, toast, and a huge bowl of grits. Add a $2.50 cup of single americano and you have a reasonably priced, delicious, healthy breakfast :-) My friend got some sort of pesto goat cheese avocado croissant concoction which looked divine...Refuel winsEnjoyed breakfast here this morning with my Mom & Daughter! We all got a grit bowl! Grits was great as I expected , crispy bacon and scrumptious biscuit ( not included with bowl). The serving was pretty big so I ended up bringing some home! Yeah... those grits taste good even heating it up in the microwave! Staff was very friendly and courteous.
Will definitely go back for more!!!!The food here is amazing. The breakfast burrito is consistently delicious every time I order it, and the grits are the best grits I've ever had in my life (I'm a New Orleans native, born and raised, if that helps). The waffles are great, especially the Nutella waffle. I miss when they used to do a different chef special each weekend; I was always excited to see what new dishes they came up with. But I understand if continuing it might not have been practical. Depending on what time you go, there might be a long line, but the wait is worth it and tables usually free up pretty fast. The owner is one of the kindest people I've ever met, and the employees are all friendly and welcoming every time I go in. Highly recommended.So the waitress told me EVERYTHING here is organic...so why not advertise that???? All eggs all bacon ...everything. you guys will get more business if you did mention that on the menu and what not. anyways..we decided to eat here as we were passing by , since we were pretty happy with our food last time we were here which was last weekend. we had Baja omelette which was very good, my french toast was great as well.. we skipped beverages since 1. we had our own ...and 2.we didnt like the coffee or the juice last time we tried here...really kind of terrible. but overall I am a fan!!:) so happy to have found a place that serves organic and delicious food!!Great food made fresh. I had the big breakfast and it's so good. Nothing fancy but fresh, hot, and creamy grits, crispy bacon, toast, and 3 eggs just how I like them.  Added a side of fresh OJ and I feel like a kid and my mom just made me Sunday morning breakfast. 
This place is quickly becoming a weekly trip.The grits are thick, coarse, and super creamy.  A bit too thick for my liking but still tasty. The breakfast burrito was just as delicious as the BEST sandwich but $30 for 2 (small) burritos with grits and 2 coffees, is bit outrageous.  
I'm in love with refuel and my wallet hates me.Came here for Sunday brunch and was not disappointed! I had a tasty breakfast burrito and spied another table having the belgium waffle piled high with fresh berries that I'm remembering for next time. It was very crowded on a Sunday at 11:15 am, so I think it'll be worth showing up a little earlier next time.Came here on a Sunday at 1:30 pm, and was greeted by a closed sign and an employee shaking their head. If you advertise that you serve brunch until 2pm, don't close a half hour early. We went and had brunch at Ignatius.One of the best breakfasts I have had in NOLA. They have a great selection of iced teas and I tried the blueberry mint iced tea which was fantastic!
I also ordered the huevos rancheros after I saw all the great reviews on them and couldn't agree any more with everyone else. It was a great dish and the black beans were terrific. I got the grits on the side and I loved them. I haven't had grits at many other places to compare but this was damn good..
The ambiance was great though it was crowded and seating space is limited, but the owner came around and conversed with everyone, which was a nice touch.
this place is a must try for breakfast!The service was Ahmazing! The Meat burrito was delicious and served with great sauce!! The ambiance is real chill! I recommended this place to anyone visiting New Orleans or who lives in the city!I had the best breakfast experience at Refuel Cafe recently. 
Awesome people - The girl at the counter that took our order was cheerful, friendly and patient...everything you could want from someone taking down your breakfast order. She spoke with excitement about the food and was right on point with her recommendations. 
I ordered the veggie breakfast burrito which was pressed to make the wrap nice and toasty. The ranchero sauce is delicious and and feel free to be liberal with those dunks because its made from greek yogurt so its totally healthy. Win! 
Please allow me to write a separate paragraph about the grits. As I wipe away a tear from my eye just thinking about the creamy consistency that one only gets from a grit after whisking for an hour an a half. The owner explained it's a true, "labor of love" and you can tell he loves his customers because he only serves food that is delicious and fresh. 
I can see myself becoming a regular at Refuel for the fun and friendly people, the bright interior with natural sunlight pouring in from every direction, the oversize mug with fresh brewed coffee, and lets not forget the food, ehem, grits.Simply, this place is great. I am a huge grits snob. So, after time and time again reading how great the grits were, I decided to make my trip. It is a quaint joint with sleek, cool, modern paintings on the walls. I ordered the breakfast platter, which was fantastic. And the grits? Yes, other worldly. Like, how can't my grits come out like that?? I was almost done eating and noticed a small piece of hair. They brought me an entire new plate. Now that, my friend, is fantastic service...and fantastic grits!Went for my 21st birthday celebration for breakfast. The vibe in this place is beyond pleasant! The workers are kind and helpful with your choice. The owner is the absolute sweetest and down to earth. If I could eat here every day I would. Everything is fresh and delicious!I went for Sunday brunch, and i thought it was a nice casual breakfast spot. Their grits are amazing, I am not a grits fan, but I had read so many rave reviews that I had to try, and they did not let me down. I got the Huevos Rancheros, which were fine, but my friend got the B.E.S.T. sandwich (Bacon Egg Spinach(?) Tomato) and it looked amazing, so that is what I am going to try on my next visit. Coffee was good as well.
Cool atmosphere, not too many tables, but we did not have to wait for one.Delicious! We were ending our New Orleans trip and I decided to go to the first place Yelp offered for brunch in the city. I had the special for the day, free range chicken and grits. The chicken had a lemon sauce on it that was wry good & the grits were creamy and had a delicious subtle flavor. Jack got the Cobb salad with the blue cheese dressing (he said it was good, it disappeared so quickly I didn't take the chance to try it). We both enjoyed mine. 
The service was excellent! The girls at the counter were very helpful in helping me decide between two dishes. And the busboy made sure we had menus quickly and kept the entire restaurant amazingly clean. The tables were pretty much cleared before the patron was out the door.  
I'll recommend this place to anyone visiting NoLa.Good place for Sunday morning breakfast. The staff (some owners?) were extremely friendly and the whole place has a laid-back feel about it.
Coffee is good here, as is just about everything for breakfast. Closes at 2 and closed on Mondays. Worth a visit if you're in the area, or visiting the Universities.I mean... The breakfast burrito... Add guac and Swiss... I called my grandfather and told him about it but he didn't care because he lives in Shreveport.Nice cafe located in Riverbend. Great ambience. Clean. Friendly service. The owner was there when we came in and took order. Food was excellent and came out in a timely manner. Will definitely be back.Their grits keep me coming back every time, no matter the wait (which could be thirty min or so).Refuel is a great place for breakfast or brunch. Refuel also serves nice sandwiches and salads but I typically visit for brunch. I love the atmosphere at Refuel- modern yet extremely comfortable. Even though it is small, it seems cozy, not cramped.
I found myself at Refuel today after Panola Street Café had a line out the door. I was fortunate and had perfect timing at Refuel. There was a short line and several available tables. The kitchen is amazingly fast, so the tables turn quickly. 
Today I chose the huevos rancheros- corn tortillas and cheese topped with black beans, fried eggs, avocado, crema, and the perfect amount of pico de gallo. It is served with your choice of side AND toast. I was craving grits, and Refuel's are very good- creamy and flavorful. Everything was perfectly prepared, using the freshest ingredients. I appreciate that Refuel uses house-made vegan black beans. The portions are generous yet not overwhelming.
The prices for breakfast/brunch are moderate- $15 for huevos rancheros, grits, and iced coffee- but considering the quality and amount of food, Refuel is a good value.I love refuel.  Seriously, I think everything on the menu is fresh delicious.  I've never had a bad experience here.  I do wish it were full service though.  Finding a table can be a pain, I've even seen some altercations over a table. 
the BEST is THE BEST.  I want one right meow.Can't say too much. I got a plain waffle and it was good. My friend got the cheese omelet and said it was good.The Southern Pecan coffee is incredible. I don't usually drink a lot of coffee but could easily put away 3 mugs of this elixir without a second thought. 
The special of the day was Pork 'n Grits: pulled pork with a bit of jalapeño, each over easy and grits. Fantastic!This quaint place is owned by a close friend of a close friend, so I reserved judgement when they EACH told me (at different times) that they serve "the world's best grits"; and, admittedly, not being from the Sourh, this statement doesn't mean as much to me as it does to them. Well, after having tried the gris, if they aren't 'the world's best', they've gotta be pretty darned close!! OMG! If my stomach hadn't been upset prior to arriving there, I would've ordered seconds!!
The fresh fruit bowl was exactly that...FRESH! Half an orange, several blueberries and strawberries, and the largest blackberries! Literally, without a doubt, the best and freshest fruit bowl I have EVER had from a restaurant!
There is so much more I can add...such as, how bright and friendly Guthrie (the owner) is - I liked him from the first second we spoke - But you are your own best judge, so go try the place out for yourself. Those folks who left poor reviews, clearly, were either at the wrong place or they went on a RARE 'bad day'! I'm a Foodie to my core and would recommend Refuel to ANYONE!Excellent! My husband and I love finding good breakfast places and this one is on the top of our list now. Great food, wonderful service. I had the traditional breakfast sandwich on a biscuit with a side of freshly cut fruit, and my husband had the kitchen sink grits bowl. We can be pretty picky, but both were perfect. We also ordered some espresso drinks which we were very pleased with. 
The only thing that took away from our experience was out of the restaurant's control. A family with young children who came in after us and allowed their kids to bang the silverware together and cause beyond average noise and continuously spill things and yell. But the restaurant staff remained calm and courteous throughout. 
We will definitely be returning and recommending our friends try this place out.Really good breakfast food and the portions are appropriate (not too big). My only issue is the price, but you get what you pay for. Quality ingredients cost money. So save up and enjoy. 
Okay, the applewood smoked bacon in my Baja Omelette was not crispy, but they made up for it with tons of avocado!
I'm not a fan of grits, at all, but having read the reviews I gave them a shot. These grits are damn good. Barely had to add butter and salt to make them way more than palatable.Trip back home from NYC, stopped by with the kids for breakfast.  Had the waffles, Cuban sandwich, the best sandwich and the iced coffee.  Everything was delicious.  Reminded me of breakfast place in nyc.  The owner stopped by, very friendly guy.  Ended up coming back and grabbing breakfast the next day.  Our six year olds wants to come back again tomorrow and I think we will.  Definitely recommended.These breakfast joints in NOLA!  They just are not doing it for me.  Refuel is a nice place to study or work, but the food is just ok.
My omelet had no great flavor and was dry and my potatoes have been undercooked and/or not flavorful.  Bummer.
Service is nice and coffee taste good.  I am giving it 3 because most breakfast joints in this town serve the same non-committal boring tasting breakfast food.Yelp never disappoints! This place was absolutely incredible, all the way from the food, design, to the service. Hands down the best grits I've ever eaten! The staff is so friendly and the place was full of locals- pretty sure we were the only tourists in the joint. We will absolutely be coming back!It had been almost a year since my first visit, but I often find myself telling others about it.  The restaurant is quaint and personable. The grits plate is my favorite dish here.  I have never had the opportunity to be so creative with a bowl of ground corn, but Refuel takes it to another level.
I will definitely not wait as long to go back again.Breakfast is my favorite. Ever. And Refuel did not disappoint. The plan was to go to that diner place around the corner--whasit called?--but the line was long and hardly seemed worth it.
Refuel was around the corner and we got in right away. I had the strawberry croissant french toast and it was delicious. Coffee was perfectly dark and perfectly wonderful. (And the choice of half-and-half or other milks is just one of those perks that make my perc perk!) I stole a few bites of the grits and although that's not something I'd ordinarily order, they were delicious.
I ate everything on my plate and didn't feel guilty about it. It's not those huge servings that we've grown accustomed to.
If I were Uptown again, I'd definitely put in a bid to go back here.Great breakfast spot. Got the Baja Omelet, had a tasty homemade rachero sauce and avocado always a plusss+++~~ the people were friendly and seemed happy to be there. NIIICE.Delicious, fresh ingredients. Healthy choices. Great atmosphere. Had the goat cheese BLT and my friend had the Clubhouse on sourdough!I'm from LA and this restaurant just wasn't up to par with other breakfast places I've been to. The service was terrible. They tend to serve quickly so when my family had already waited over half an hour I decided to complain and ask where our food was. They shrugged me off and said it would be out in a minute. After another 15 mins still no food. I complained once more, but was more demanding. One of the servers came up to us and told us that the receipt for our food did not go through so we then had to wait another 15 minutes to finally get our food. When we finally received our food and tried it, it honestly was not that grate. Too much hype over this place. Would've preferred a local IHOP.I'm giving Refuel 5 stars because of their grits. Pretty much the best in the city. The brunch options could range a little more, however, I'm always pleased with my meal.The food is incredible and so is the service! Paige is the best! I had the Southwest burrito which was incredible and fresh fruit as my side. My friend had the French toast with eggs which was also phenomenal. Definitely will be back!Great Sunday morning brunch. Had the BEST sandwich (it's called that) and some fruit, which was high quality and delicious. The sandwich wasn't too think, which was perfect. Another member of my party had a bagel, which isn't your traditional bagel, just so you're aware. The only problem is the wait-- there's not much table room, so you have to think on your feet when a table is open.Love this place! Tried it for the first time yesterday and I will definitely  be back!!!!! The staff and owner are all friendly! Try the waffle with Nutella and strawberries!!I think I ought to give this place another shot for breakfast. I went with my coworkers for lunch one day. I got a BLT and was hungry again in a couple of hours. This is probably my fault for eating like a football player when I am a petite Asian girl, but if you ask me, this is not the place if you're looking for a filling lunch. One of my coworkers also said that he was still hungry when we left.
The setup was really cute though. And I wish I had tried one of their pastries. I'll probably go back.I was leaving Costco and getting hangry, so I pulled open my Yelp app and saw that I had bookmarked this place and it was nearby. The place looks quiet and unassuming from the outside but it was packed when we walked in. This place is cute inside and decorated cozy and modern. It's counter service where you order up front and then grab whatever seat is available. There are complimentary refills on coffee and you can bring you cup back up to the counter and have as much coffee as you'd like. They don't do lattes, just hot or iced coffee but they have different milk options.
I got the huevos rancheros entree which was two over easy eggs atop a flour tortilla with avocados, tomatoes and black beans. It usually comes with cheese and crema sauce on top but I removed it since I'm trying to slim down. I thought it was good and found it filling. My fiance ordered the meat & cheese breakfast wrap with a side of grits. He thought it was really good. I'll admit it was overpriced for counter service since our two entrees ran us $30+ before tip but that's uptown brunch prices for ya. The line was growing long but it moved quickly. The staff were very friendly and nice. I'd return to grab a quick bite because I know I can be in and out without having too long of a wait.Really good grits! We went here  on Sundayafter church a couple of weeks ago and we were very happy that we did. 
The grits are amazingly creamy and tasty.
The place is sort of small so you may have to wait for a table, but it's most worth it. 
You order at the counter and there's not really any table service, so if you need something you'll likely have to get up and get it, so get situated before you get your food.My favorite part of this menu is the grits with all of the amazing toppings! I had the grits with gruyere, avocado, and andouille. You can customize it a million ways, it is a substantial serving, and you can tell the ingredients are fresh. Also shared the spinach and bacon quiche with a friend. It was super savory and rich (not sure I could eat an entire slice on my own). The cappuccino I had was adequate (run of the mill but good) but my friend's southern pecan coffee was delicious. Lastly, the service was really friendly! I would definitely return. One thing to note, it is seat yourself and not huge, so is a little tricky with a bigger group (we had 5).Creamy grits in this cozy little space are just the right way to start the day.  Burritos are wonderful and can be customized to find the right balance.  Fresh fruit is a work of art.  If you are a fan it teas,  now you have another reason to come.  Oh, you have your choice of several hot sauces, just as it should be.  The crowds are chilling here for a reason.Came here after the crescent city classic 2015.
Awarded them three stars, I I could I'd go for 3.5 but not the solid 4 stars.
The place is clean and food was expedited relatively fast. Also, the location is great for people watching-hip part of town.
The healthy options are also appreciated.
We ordered French toast, a small breakfast and two orange juices.They served the plates but forgot the two OJs. I had to get up and get it. The orange juice was "sunny dee-ish". Not actual squeezed oranges.
For the most part the service was good referring to the server but they shaggy bearded guy who took the order at the counter was having a bad day or just didn't want to be there. Very short and not friendly one bit.
I don't want to say that the food wasn't good because it was; but not outstanding.
Most people sitting there were students or just out-of-towners altogether. I grew up here and my judgment is impaired by so many better places in the city. You got Camelia Grill, City Diner, Chateau Café, Trolley Stop and my most recent favorite Russels Marina where you won't find any out of towners and who's "healthy menu" is the best I've seen around here.(and that's without mentioning places downtown or mid-city)
If you're gonna comeout as a breakfast joint with limited hours in New Orleans; you need to step up your game big time.
Would I come back? Sure. Why not?
Does it make my top 10 in New Orleans for breakfast? Not even close. But not that they can't. They can. We'll see what happens down the line.Soooo good, just finished my huevos rancheros. Personally I'm weird about how my eggs are cooked, but on the menu there is an option for "hard scramble." My cousin loved her BIG cup of coffee. Great price for the quality of food you get.I don't get the long lines for this place at breakfast.  It's very cute inside.  But I thought overpriced for very average food.  I think the basic 2 egg breakfast was like $13 (I don't remember exactly, just that is was expensive).  I had huevos rancheros and thought they were just okay.  The cafe au lait was very good though.  Maybe try again, or maybe not.Their food makes you praise Jesus hallelujah!Seriously though it's so good it makes you stop and realize how great your life is if you're able to eat that well.Life is so good at Refuel!Anything you get is great grits, Baja omelette,waffle,French toast.I don't care if I had two squares of that waffle left.I had to bring it home and it was even better the next day.Best plain (not cheese or shrimp) grits I've found yet. Great coffee. Also had a very good panini sandwich. Another perk is unlike many New Orleans restaurants, they accept all credit cards and don't complain if its only a few dollars. Quick service.
Cons are that it can get very crowded and loud though in the restaurant and I found it to be overpriced for my liking. That being said, nearly all places like this in Uptown and actually New Orleans in generally feel overpriced compared to where I've lived in the past.I love love love this food. I hate ordering at the counter then waiting/looking for a table. It's weird for everyone....the people that I am standing to closely to, trying to will to eat faster, my competition who is looking at the same spot....and when you do get s spot, the hungry masses are staring at you. 
Doesn't stop me from frequenting there. Breakfast is still delicious enough to make me come back time and againDefinitely one of my favorite breakfast spots in the city. The staff is super friendly and the owner is always there greeting his customers.  Everything is fresh and organic from farm to table I love this place!Our last stop before heading back to Florida. My husband and I visit Nola regularly and this time brought his parents. We were looking for a quick breakfast after taking them down st. Charles to see all the lovely homes. Yelp led us here. We ordered at the Counter, and although there was a bit of confusion as they were training new people the staff and owner made sure to apologize for the delay and more than made up for the confusion in our order. Once the food arrived everything was fresh, hot, and delicious! Their dark roast coffee is very good too with a very nice distinct flavor. Their oj is fresh squeezed. We will definitely stop back in next time we visit.Who says good grits have to be loaded with butter, heavy cream, cheese and salt? Refuel's grits are GREAT, and healthy too - you'd never guess they're good for you. The Cuban sandwich is full of flavor, hearty and not greasy at all. Cold-brewed iced coffee is delicious and sweet without sweetener. The owner is friendly and welcoming, and though the place was full, by the time we ordered at the counter there was a table ready for us - just as the owner promised when we walked in. I typcially don't even like breakfast, but I'll be back for brunch!My second time visiting for breakfast and I cannot gush enough over the delicious food! They have a Laid back, welcoming, and amazingly helpful atmosphere and staff! I also adore the new owl coffee mugs!! Portions are perfect and taste sooo good!! And again... Super friendly staff!!One of my favorite places to grab a quick breakfast. Service is always extremely friendly and the food is top notch! They serve French Truck coffee, which is excellent (I like to get it iced on a hot summer morning)! The cheese grits are to die for and their breakfast burritos are consistently delicious and definitely not skimpy on the fillin's! Sometimes seating can be a little stressful because you have to order at the counter first then find a seat, but I've never had a problem getting a seat. Like I mentioned before, service is wonderful so they are quick to clean up tables and I think most people that frequent the place understand how the seating works and don't linger too long. Sometimes the owner even comes in and helps out, and like everyone else there he is super friendly too! Love you guys, keep it coming!We got the big breakfast and breakfast sandwich. Both were excellent. Eggs were fluffy, bacon perfect and potatoes were well seasoned. The coffee here is fantastic! Great service too! Went here every day of our trip and it was amazing! The grits are fantastic!!Always good. Best sunny side up eggs in town. Perfect. And also perfect waffles. Better than average coffee. Black beans are really good.Old faithful breakfast spot! Friendly and hardworking staff. The wait can be a little long - Small space and popular! Rule of thumb: wait until you order to snag a table or else it messes up the flow and prevents people with food from having a spot. Staff is usually good at watching out regarding tables and quick to bus them. Moderately priced for breakfast. Great waffles, and their grits are perfect. Enjoyable huevos and Mediterranean scramble. I miss their breakfast bagel sandwich! Anything you order will be good.FAB, I mean fab, coffee.  Maybe the best anywhere.  They also do a great job with breakfast when I normally go.  It is just about always crowded in that "brunch" weekend  time.  You might freak seeing the line and be tempted to bolt.  But, somehow, it works itself out that by the time you place your order at the register, there will be a spot for you and your companion.  The owner does a good job with keeping things cheerful in the line by taking coffee orders ahead of time.  Def worth a visit for the weekend breakfast fix.I came in here today after a work out and it was great! Nice location with a parking spot in the back. You know how bad uptown parking can be. 
The atmosphere was nice and friendly. I got the Mediterranean scramble with grits (AMAZING) and toast on the side. I really enjoyed it! My brother got the spicy chicken sandwich and said it was amazing and we should come here everytime we work out in the neighborhood. SO it was definitely a great enjoyable meal!Ok so really good French toast probably the best I have ever had!, potatoes were very good..my husband said the best grits he has had in NO. His mushroom spinach omelette was a bland ..but he didn't mind it. I had hueves ranchero...alll really delicious...but I still don't know how we left spending over $80 at a place like this. I have to say my hueves rancheros which I really enjoyed was basically a cup full of beans topped with two eggs , a teaspoon of pico de Gallo and a tablsp of avocado (so little..c'mon ..atleast make it look visible on the plate) ...iasked organic eggs so they chrged extra for that...came to about $15 for this one dish. it's pretty pricey for what's on the plate.. I didn't like the coffee...and the Orange juice tasted like..well Tropicana or something like that.. We will definitely be back but probably be ordering smarter next time. Servers were very nice. Saw the busser pick up butter and jelly packs from floor under the table to put it on the table.. unacceptable.My first time at Refuel was at noon on a Saturday. Actually, a few hours ago. 
Parking
Parking was super hard to find, but if you're parking on the street, don't worry about paying the meter. As far as I know, parking on streets are free on weekends and holidays... BUT I did see a meter maid. So, use your best judgment. Try using the plaza lot right down the block. 
Atmosphere
Upon entering after a small flight of stairs, I thought, "What a cozy little place!" The counter is toward the back; you order BEFORE you sit. Even though the signs were there, I totally missed it so that made me look like a noobie. The decor makes you feel like Refuel is not that "upscale," but it's not that casual either (pajamas aren't forbidden here; notice the casual/nice mix right there). The tables with dark wood finish and silverware wrapped in cloth napkins, but an Igloo for water, definitely sets this place apart from other places I've been. Refuel looks similar to a coffee shop but has the food similar to no place I've eaten in New Orleans. 
Food
I ordered the BIG BREAKFAST ($10) with toasted sourdough bread, sausage, scrambled eggs and a side of fruit. When ordering, please know what you like beforehand because the cashier will ask you a million questions, (how do you like your eggs? what type of meat? what side? what drink?) but that's not a bad thing :) The portion was enough to fill you up with a bit of room for dessert (try Pure Yogurt about 2 doors down). My toasted sourdough wasn't over-toasted, my eggs were eggs, and the sausage was hearty. I thoroughly cleaned my plate because my big breakfast was just cooked to perfection! A great breakfast joint if you want something traditional like my big breakfast. The fruit was definitely fresh! Even the honeydew was tasty :) Definitely one of the best places to have breakfast in New Orleans. 
Service
When I entered the first time, I asked an employee if I just find a seat, and he politely told me I had to order first. The cashier wasn't overly peppy, but sometimes a little pep might help liven up the mood. As my friend and I finished eating, an employee would occasionally take away our plates until BAM nothing was left on our table except for a cup of water. 
P.S. We tipped at the cashier, but does anyone know if you tip on the table too?Everytime I come I have to tell myself not to order grits but I can't help it they're the best grits I have ever had in my life. This restaurant has an energetic ambiance that is the perfect way to start your day. You can't go wrong with something as simple as eggs, bacon, toast and grits, but their wraps and grit plates are also worth trying. Healthy options available and everything is fresh.I can't believe I have lived so close to this place and have never been!  I had the chicken pesto wrap, and it was amazing.  I can't wait to come back and try the other things on the menu!  Great spot for brunch or lunch.Brunch here is always an exciting experience. I really enjoy everything here - the omelets, grits, toast. The only complaint I have are the occasional long lines and the limited seating inside the restaurant.A small but cute place you'll find, just like in the movies. This place is a tiny little thing, but if found, has big taste. Due to the restaurant's size, the menu selection isn't too drastic. They have a nice variety of sandwiches and salads. For a tasty sandwich, order the Turkey Club. For a tasty salad, order the Cobb. Everything is presented so beautifully. 
You get a very home-like feel when dining here. The staff is great. This is definitely more of a breakfast & lunch setting. Great for a quick but quality-filled bite :)Yes, I went back again. I really feel like I had to give Refuel another chance. 
Here's what I have now figured out:
- It's just too small of a set-up for an enjoyable breakfast. No matter how quickly staff tries to turn tables, there's a large chance you'll eat your food with someone's ass in your face and an almost certainty people standing in line will stare at you and your meal while you're eating.
*Upsides from this trip*:
-The woman working the register was extremely friendly, which was a nice change of pace from the last two experiences.
-The guy working the beverages brought me a gratis cup of coffee, which was very nice. He also refilled it when I got to the register to pay. Refuel definitely has some quality staff members.
-The restaurant is really aesthetically pleasing and clean. It's just too bad it's base has outgrown it's size.
*Downsides*:
-Our food came out tepid. The quality was there, but nothing can save cold waffles and grits.
-Once again, the table savers screw it up for others. It's just rude. STOP IT. Wait until your party order, then find a seat. PUFF, PUFF,PASS or you're just screwing up the rotation.
-Lots of people with very small children. I'm sorry, but this is not a good setup for people with littles. I'm a mom, I get it, parents like to go out to eat too...but this is not a good choice.
Bottom line, it's a nice café. It's just not for me....or it's just not for me unless I can go on a weekday or get my order to go.Loved this for brunch. The staff was friendly location easy to find with some parking. Very cozy environment not a lot of tables so be ready for a short wait to get a seat.Really awesome breakfast place! I had the Baja Omelette, which was absolutely delicious (I love how it has avocados in it!) and came with a great sauce on top. The cut fruit in the fruit cup had a slightly weird taste--must have been the preservative coating--but nothing so strong that it stopped me from eating it. I was a little disappointed that when I ordered mango juice it wasn't house-made but Naked juice (which isn't bad, still). The service was great too, and a guy that works there--or owns the place?--was very friendly and talkative. It was also a little pricey for breakfast fare, but all in all a good experience, I'd recommend, and I'd go back!My friends and I were greeted kindly, service was great & food was delicious. Friendly & comfy atmosphere too.A surprisingly homey cafe with great salads and coffee.  It was crazy busy when we went on a Saturday morning and probably waited in line for 15 minutes before we ordered. At first we were afraid we wouldn't get a seat after we ordered, but this place has a super fast turn over.  Also the fabulous owner makes waiting in line not seem so bad.I've been going to refuel for about 2 years now. It's the best atmosphere, you see the owner on a regular basis and he's all smiles as well as his employees. 
I often call in a Togo order for breakfast, since I'm always running late. I've had the refuel breakfast-I just put everything in the grits...& it's amazing. I don't even put anything but pepper in the grits 'cause they're so damn good. 
The other day I got lunch-the uptown club-it was super good. Their bacon is the best bacon I've ever had. I've also tried the Belgium waffle, also good. Oh and that breakfast burrito is HUGE. Seriously two people could eat it or it could be two meals. & if you order something that comes with a side and you're feeling like potatoes...GET IT. The potatoes they make are with rosemary but just the perfect amount. 
& I'm always trying new teas. Their tropical green tea is yummy. & they also have this mint sweet syrup they'll add upon request. 
Besides the food being so damn good, the people are awesome and that's what I look for as much as quality or price. The other day I walked in, & the owner asked how my day was starting out-I had just gotten a flat. When I told him he offered to send his employees out to change my tire! I was so amazed at that. Of course I declined, so he gave me a tea on him. If you're in the area and you like fresh food, this is the place!Refuel is easily one of my favorite places to go eat brunch.  The B.E.S.T. Sandwich (bacon, egg, spinach, tomato, on ciabatta) is so delicious and you get a side with it.  The grits are amaaazing and the fruit is always fresh and so good.  
The reason that I gave Refuel 3 stars instead of more is that they run out of things very often.  At least 4 times they have been out of grits, and one day they were even out of bacon and ciabatta, which was really disappointing.  There are grocery stores within a ten min drive, and it was saturday 3 hours before closing. They should have sent someone out for a restock.
Hopefully they are planning better now, because it is the only thing that gives me pause.A great lunch spot with reasonable prices.  Expect between $9-11 for salads and sandwiches.  Their sandwiches are served as more a panini, hot and with the cheese melted.  I had the Uptown Club and it exceeded my expectations.  It's a nice quiet place and the service is really friendly and warm.  Definitely would recommend this place for breakfast or lunch.Visited Refuel for the first time on Thursday for lunch and loved it. It's very close to Tulane and just a small drive from Palmer Park. My coworker had the Huevos Rancheros which were amazing and fresh. I had the Mushroom Omelet with classic grits and it was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. Very generous portions as well! I also shared a banana/oj/berry smoothie which was also fresh. I was very impressed with how clean this location was in addition to the quality of their meals. Will definitely go back when in NOLA.Serving a simply sublime breakfast experience in a sleek, modern, and tiny dining room, Refuel Cafe delivers on all accords.
Though their menu is very, very limited (salads, sandwiches, and breakfast), each menu item is well-thought out and amazingly prepared.  I'll surely be coming back on a regular basis.
Beware of the hours:  only open til 3 PM most days.Had the berry waffle; pork, eggs, and grits; and southern pecan iced coffee, all of which were great.Grits were creamy and flavorful. Added egg bacon and avocado and cheese. The egg was little over cooked but he recognized before giving it to me and even offered to do another one but I didn't care that much. Bacon was great and real. Got it as side and not the whole plate which was great as I wasn't really hungry. Just tried tartine before and was hugely disappointed and saw this was close and grits sounded good. Super nice staff, great clean place. Will try again. Now I didn't ask but if the other review was correct with locally sourced and organic ingredients then that makes it that much better which is why I did 5 stars. Otherwise it would have been 4.I really love this place. The food is always fresh, and they always have the most delicious specials, i.e. smoked salmon omelette- yum!
I'm definitely big on the breakfast- and if you're in the mood for grits, look no further. They claim the secret is just cream, but there must be something else. I wake up craving these grits. On top of great good, the staff here is really fantastic. They are so friendly and the service is super fast. 
The one thing that gets me is the "order first, get a seat second rule" that nobody- I'm looking at you, family of five with 3 kids under the age of 6- seems to follow this rule when they get busy. So sometimes you get stuck ordering and then waiting for a table while others who are still waiting in line to order have a table secured. BUT, this is seems to be purely a customer-oriented problem and Refuel does its best to keep things on pace!I loved Refuel!! I will definitely be back. There was quite a line, but the huevos rancheros were really, really delicious. They obviously forgot my boyfriend's Nutella waffle, however, and he was practically shaking with hunger/excitement when it arrived half an hour after my meal--on top of that, it could have had more toppings for the wait and price.Stopped in for a quick breakfast to go. Got the bacon, egg and cheese on a croissant-and, no lie-it was the best breakfast sandwich I have ever had! The bacon (and tons of it)was crisped to perfection, eggs scrambled just right and the cheddar was sharp and all melted and delicious. It's my new "go to" place! Highly recommend.This review is for SUNDAY MORNING PEOPLE ***There was a year of my life I came here every Sunday for breakfast. I usually ordered the Baja omelette or the vegetarian Burrito with a side of grits. They both come with Ranchero sauce which is awesome there. Everything is fresh and pretty consistent. But because I like the place so much I recommended this place to many people and here's what I've learned to tell them before they go. The seating arrangement seem to stress people out. I promise it always works out. Don't stress about getting a table after you order. No body as ever cut in front while I was waiting for a table and I have never had to stand and eat.  (I alway saw the worry in new comers faces) The people who bus the tables are fast and work hard!  The long line moves fast but if you have a dead line and need to be somewhere obviously maybe you should pick up fast food. I've never been in a rush so every thing seemed to always happen in a reasonable amount of time. But I digress ..if I ever have a problem I just go to the counter since there's no wait staff and they assist promptly. They have NEVER been rude and usually very friendly.  Hope you go and enjoy this place as much as I do!Love this place! Great breakfast, good coffee. Had the cheesy garden omelette with multigrain toast and grits. Delicious. The line is long but we didn't have to wait for a table, as the turnover is super quick. Highly recommend:)One of the best brunch places I have been here in the city. My other half and I go here from time-to-time after our long runs on the levee. Their runners sandwich is amazing and he loves their Belgian waffle. Do not forget to get their pecan coffee! To die for :).Got the sunrise special today with a side of grits (the best ever) and bottomless coffee. So good. 2 egg whites and one whole egg with sautéed cherry mushrooms and spinach and goat cheese. Yummmm! The coffee was pecan flavored, which was great, and the multigrain toast was toasted to perfection. Good job guys!The food was good but not the best. I had the Huevos Ranchero with egg whites instead of the whole eggs. My husband had the egg omelet and grits. Like I said it was "good" not the best. The service was fare and the wait time was ok.........not sure if I'll return because there are too many other good restaurants on my Bookmarks......lolThis was a cute little local business that I found on Yelp and decided to check out. When we got there we were a little nervous about finding a seat because the place is super-tiny, but we were also greeted by an extremely friendly and hospitable manager (owner?) so we decided to give it a shot. The food came out pretty quickly and was standard breakfast cuisine. I had an omelet, black beans and a piece of toast (they offer rye bread!), but the toast was cold at best and I was practically done my meal by the time I was able to get new toast. In addition, I ordered a glass of water with my meal and had to ask about 3 people before I actually got it-- not too happy with that. The star of the show was definitely the guy who was busing tables--- not only did he make sure I got my bread, but he also got me my water! I will probably go back because overall the food was tasty!I've only been here once, but it won't be my last. I would come back here simply to eat the grits. Wow. 
Everything we ate was delicious.  The grits were hands down the best grits I've ever eaten. We got them with sausage, roasted red peppers, avacado, and cheese. We ordered 2 other dishes but couldn't stop eating the grits long enough to dig into the rest.  The waffle was amazing and the breakfast burrito was awesome too. 
But those grits though....Small space with a few tables in which you order from the counter.  Cute ambiance with adorable quirky wall decor.  It's a bit pricey for a basic breakfast, but the quality is very good.  
I wanted the huevos rancheros but couldn't stomach paying $13 for them, so I skimped and got the quiche of the day instead for $4.25.  I should have just gotten what I wanted.  I learned the particular quiche I wanted was sold out after I ordered and sat down, so I opted for the other quiche.  It just wasn't very good.  Little to no flavor.
My sister had the refuel, and for $6, it was a great value.  Very filling and healthy start to the day.  My mom had the french toast plate ($13.50) which she also said was good but overpriced.  
I'm willing to pay good money for good food, but for whatever reason, when I'm on vacation, breakfast is what I'm least likely to splurge on.  I should have just gotten what I really wanted.  Refuel is a solid option with a great vibe if you're looking to treat yourself to a nice breakfast in a trendy casual atmosphere.  As vacationers just looking to grab a quick bite, it was okay.One word: grits! In all seriousness though, everything is so fresh and so tasty. It's actually odd how good this food makes you feel. Odd yet really amazing. You can't go wrong with the Uptown club. And of course, get that with a side of the grits. Also, the service is amazing -- the owner is always so friendly.Honestly one of my top picks for breakfast, the people who work here and the owner/manager are just outstanding fantastic folks! The food is great, pretty much no matter what you order. Their ice coffees will get you where you need to go without being overpowering. Best bacon in the city.Was this the best breakfast I ever had? maybe
Ordered the Mediterranean scramble, and potatoes. Food tasted very fresh potatoes had fresh herbs
my son had French toast and said it was best he ever had and believe me this 11 year olds knows French toast
He orders it everywhere we go.
Movie theater, he orders French toast
Gas station, orders French toast
If a place tells him they don't serve French toast he walks away disoriented.
Five stars for great food and friendly serviceOne of my favorite places for breakfast. Close to where I live and the food is so fresh. I had been wanting to go here and a friend took me after a 10K race which was the perfect way to celebrate. Their omelette's are great and I've heard good things about their pancakes and waffles. I also love that they give fresh bowls or cups of fruit. The inside has a very nice, modern feel.Very busy on a Saturday morning so the wait was around 15 minutes. The BEST sandwich was very good. The side of potatoes were very bland and dry but good overall. This review is a little late but I found it in my drafts and decided to post it.Refuel cafe is a bit like a yuppie spot, but in a good way. The food is fresh and wonderful. Care is taken in the preparation of the dishes and the service provided. There is something for everybody here, making a perfect place to have breakfast or brunch in a bit of a more laid back, almost intimate setting.
The grits are revered on Yelp and while I'm not a person that traditionally even likes grits, I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised at how smooth and creamy they were, not "gritty" (see what I did there?) which is typically what makes me not like them.
My omelet was perfectly cooked and the southwest sauce on top was a nice addition.
The owner is a great guy to strike up a conversation with. You can very much feel his pride in his restaurant, and rightfully so, as the food is outstanding.I had an excellent breakfast with a friend visiting from out of town. The Customer Service was above & beyond necessary. The quality of the meal was top notch. The best grits & biscuit I've had so far. Thank you very much for the 1/2 waffle on the house because I was indecisive & had a toothache!I really enjoyed my brunch here, it was pretty hectic as it was noon on a Sunday and the staff seemed frantic but they were getting people moving along... They were out of avocados when I ordered my huevos rancheros but they were still delicious, and my friend that came along wanted a Belgian waffle but they had just ran out of those. The menu that was available this day seemed a little bit more limited than the ones posted online so I'd love to come back and give some other items a try. All in all a delicious place with a cute atmosphere when it's not jampacked.This is honestly the worst breakfast I have had in New Orleans.  I think McDonald's might be better.  They did not have tomatoes, multi-grain bread or grits, and they failed to tell us that it was cash only (even though they claim they take credit cards).  The eggs were so awful (how do you make bad eggs?) that I had to make myself breakfast again when I got home.  My fruit cup came with two grapes, two pieces of honeydew, and seven pieces of pineapple.  The orange juice was very clearly Tropicana or some other awful orange juice brand.  Why do they not make their own orange juice, even though they claim they do? Who knows.  
Sometimes I read reviews on Yelp and think reviewers climbed out of their hole and into these restaurants.  How this restaurant has gotten any five start reviews is mind boggling.  Maybe they have their employees rate it higher.  Regardless, I'm never going back and would recommend for people to save their money and support other worthy businesses.  Countless other restaurants are more affordable, better quality, and provide better service. Refuel is not one of those restaurants, but maybe they're not even trying.Delicious food, the refried beans in particular!  Very small place so I recommend going early to avoid disappointmentA dash of cream & a pound of love are the secrets for the grits.I have been here twice for breakfast. I have always enjoyed my food.  I had the Baja omelet and big breakfast. The grits are fabulous and so is the bacon!
I just hate the seating/ordering set-up, but the food is worth it.Love the atmosphere. It's so clean and the staff is very friendly. The food was very good. Portions could be bigger but so very goodOn a weekend morning in search of breakfast, I headed to reliably-delicious Camellia Grill, right in the Riverbend neighborhood. Unfortunately, they also always have a reliably long line. After a moment of hunger insanity, I found Refuel (by Yelp!) right around the corner and took the chance.
Here's everything I loved about it:
- Loose leaf high quality tea for my mandatory morning cup (so much harder to find than you'd think!)
- Healthy fresh food
- Really really nice staff - everyone was smiling
Didn't love: Small portions. Upon delivery, I was disappointed by the small size of my breakfast burrito, but combined with a side of black beans, I struggled to finish it. However, I am known for thinking I'm way hungrier though than I actually am, so if you are someone who really does have a big appetite, these portions might be surprisingly small for you. (P.S. the black beans were delicious)
I would absolutely go back again. It feels like a secret happy enjoyable non-tourist gem around the corner from more tourist-y (yet equally delicious) places.9/30/2007 Update
Went back for brunch and had the corned beef with hash browns with two eggs over easy on top. I liked it very much. In fact, my plate was sparkling clean by the end of the meal. It was filling without being too greasy. Corned beef and hash browns - yum yum! Michelle B. had the baja omelet which had bits of bacon mixed in the omelet which I also liked (and will try that next time!). The grits were buttery and creamy, just how I like 'em. Why anyone would stand in line for an hour at Camellia Grill when this place is around the corner is beyond me!
-----
I read about this place in the Lagniappe section last week and since I'm looking for alternatives to my usual sunday brunch spots, I decided to take the ride Uptown to check this place out. The write-up mentioned the delicious sandwiches, awesome breakfast sections and great salads, which all sounded really tempting as I checked out the website before heading over.
The interior is really nice - very contemporary chic with expresso wood tables and chairs and matching expresso hardwood floor.  There are also two upholstered chairs to sit in and read the Gambit while waiting for you order as I did while waiting for my Cuban sandwich and fish salad. The Cuban sandwich was very good even though it did not appear to be 'pressed with butter'. Nonetheless, it was very good with the accompanying side of cole slaw. The seared salmon fish salad was REALLY good (excellent food textures in this dish) and I can't wait to try the tuna version! 
Refuel was pretty packed when I strolled in around 1pm but you can get your orders to go. It's a good spot for groups if and only if you are the first group there as most tables are for 2. If I lived Uptown, this place would instantly be a weekend hangout so I could try all the menu items which are all very well priced.  Maybe I'll try not to drink too much next weekend so I can get there bright and early and try the breakfast!Restaurant layout is inefficient resulting in long lines and poor table turns.  Takeout line should be separate, menu should be posted on a wall and easy to read versus having to read individual menus while on line.  The coffee also needs some help.Love the delicious grits, waffles with whipped cream, mocha, and salmon egg white omelette!!! Love Refuel Cafe!!Popped in cause we were in the area.  I looked on Yelp and this place called to me.  We got there about ten thirty and there were only three tables open.  The place has some really fun art work sets the mode for a fun time.  You order and pay at the counter than the meal is brought to the table.   We ordered the ranchchero eggs.  A meal to carry anyone for the day.  Eggs cooked perfectly creamy black beans tomatoes and Avacado.  The next meal was perfectly cooked sunny side up eggs with andouille sausage and the best grits I have ever eaten.  I choose the mushroom and spinach omelette with grits and sour dough toast.  I had to buy a loaf of bread before we left it was that good.Love this place! I got the burrito and grits. The grits were absolutely the best grits I've ever had. The potatoes in the burrito were the best version of breakfast potatoes ever.   The chef came out and asked about our meal and I complimented the grits and he told me how he makes them and then I fell in love with him. 
This place is kind of cafeteria style. It was super busy and fast-paced and a little noisy but sooo good. Will be back.Eaten here quite a few times, only grits I'll even think about eating. Get here early if you want a table though.The most amazingly kind and understanding people work here. A+ service!
Also, there is free WiFi and the food is delicious!A healthy cafe in town. Its got a clean & simple feel. Like the magazine "simple". 
Great variety and flavor without all the unhealthy sauces you normally find around NOLA. Waffles, Omelets, Salads, Sandwiches, Fresh fruit, coffee, espresso, teas, and more.
Oh and probably the best grits in town.So, I breastfeed and prefer to eat organic when I can ..for my baby. I am dissapointed coz I realised that they lied about their food being organic and were infact mocking me.  Why? I wpuld have eaten here anyways..just may have tweeked  my order. No respect for another person way of life?  Lying to your customers and passive aggressively attacking them on yelp for not ordering beverages...is this your way of doing business? Spending $40 on recent visit and then $80 on our first visit,on breakfast for two people isn't enough?  You lost a customer who could have been regular for every saturday breakfast and really spread the word about you. Will recommend against if anything and I am reporting you to BBB. The pink haired lady...have some respect and please grow up!So disrespectful.There's not too many breakfast places in New Orleans that remind me of Sabrina's in Philly, but I think this is as close as it gets. The decor/atmosphere is really cute, you get huge cups for tea/coffee, the fruit was really fresh, and the omelettes were unique, tasty, and worth the cost. It is a little pricey, but it's comparable with the rest of the city's not-so-cheap food prices.Great spot.   Had the spinach and tomato omelette.  Plus the grits were good as well as the coffee.  Clean nice setting.The food was so delicious, the potatoes and waffles are a must. the coffee is decent. i got the california burrito and it was really tasty. Portions are great i did not feel too guilty alfter my meal.The croissant breakfast sandwich was very good.  We went at 9AM on a Friday, this appears to be a good time to go as their were many open tables and the food arrived quickly and efficiently. The people working here were very nice.  The grits were very tasty. I would go back next time im in town.Wonderful breakfasts - one of the best in town. Limited seating; on Sunday morning there is frequently a wait to get a table. Omlettes are good; grits are phenomenal (and I'm a grit-eating kinda guy). Nice choices of toast - love the rye. Pancakes are good, but serving size is small. Prices are kinda high, but food is good quality. Service staff is quality, but be prepared to wait when it gets busy. Very good coffee, and they're not afraid to give refills.Best Grits of 2014! Part of my Best Of list from the past year of gorging myself, Refuel stands out with its excellent breakfast and other worldly grits. Believe the hype, they put every other place that serves grits to shame. 
I have no idea how I found this place, it is tucked away where St Charles and Carrolton meet. It is a bright, cheerful little space slinging out some seriously delicious breakfast. I have tried the breakfast bagel sandwich (filling, tasty, and pressed like a panini), the breakfast burrito (easily splittable), a few of their omelets (always delicious), the Belgium waffle (crunchy, buttery, damn good), and of course I always get the grits. Never in my life, have I had grits that could stand on their own: no butter, no salt, no eggs, no sausage, no bacon or shrimp need to be added in. These things are that good. I also appreciate the big ol heavy mugs they serve your coffee in, as a non-morning person in need of a huge caffeine fix when the sun rises I say "thanks!"
Something that makes me smile- One of the owners, Guthrie, is easily the most charming man I have ever met. Chatty, friendly and welcoming; I could have sat and talked to him all day.You cannot go wrong with the grits, breakfast burrito or event the huevos rancheros! Guthrie and the team are also the most friendly staff I have ever encountered in New Orleans! You will feel right at home and this will become your most favorite breakfast/lunch joint!My friends and I were a huge fan of Refuel for a year or two - it was our default lunch meet up when we couldn't think of anything else since it was relatively near to campus and it wasn't like anything "weird."  Ahhh nostalgia!
It's a pretty small establishment, limited seating - can get crowded around lunch so be forewarned.  I see the menu has changed in the last couple of years, but I used to get some sort of grilled veggie sandwich - veganized and it was always pretty substantial and filling.  I like how they've indicated the black beans are vegan - so I think they Refuel would still be willing to accommodate vegan requests.  If you're vegetarian - far more options here for you.  
The staff is pretty darn friendly from what I recall and service is usually pretty spot on.  The couple of times we had issues or errors with our orders - they were very kind and quick to remedy - no fuss about it.  
All in all a very adorable place for breakfast, brunch, or lunch.  Pretty standard fare, but if you're looking for something safe and fairly healthy - this is the place!This was the way we ended our trip. We ate here before returning our car at the rental agency and boarding the plane with stomachs full of eggs and grits. It was excellent. Worth the twenty minute drive from our hotel. I would definitely go back.This is the best uptown/Tulane spot to get brunch or a delicious sandwich. A mix between a coffee house and a deli, this cool cafe featuring "coffee and nosh" has amazing sandwiches and breakfast. 
A great place to take friends in town, family, or go any day of the week.
They just added breakfast all day (but they close at 3...shame)--try any of the omelets. They have a great selection of loose teas and feature "topless teas and bottomless coffees". 
Never had the waffles but they look delish if you're a waffle person
For lunch definitely go for the spicy chicken salad sandwich (not that spicy--just right). its the perfect balance between spicy and sweet (cut up apples) on warm ciabatta bread. or the quesadillas. you really can't go wrong
order at the counter, server delivers to the table. great atmosphere and the owner is a really cool southern guy who is always friendly to patrons.I would not recommend dining at refuel cafe. I have been to this place  twice and have been disappointed both times. The first time they were out of almost every menu option and when I received my food it was cold and bland. The second time they messed up my order all together and yet again served sub par food for too high of a price.Refuel is a cozy little brunch cafe nestled in a shotgun house (like so many things) uptown.  It's well known and lauded for it's breakfast and brunch...and rightly so.  Lunch offerings are available as well, though for a relatively short time only.  Refuel's serving hours can be somewhat tight if you don't have a scheduled lunch break.
The menu offerings are basically breakfast and sandwiches.  Breakfast offerings trump the sandwiches easily, though all have a nice clean and fresh flavor.  Can be a bit pricey for the meal, as well (~$9 for a sandwich), though they aren't too stingy with the quantities.  Beware the pasta salad -- some may have a taste for it, but this reviewer found it to be heavy and relatively bland.
Overall -- A good and filling meal worth the experience and price, but not really worth an everyday adventure.Disclaimer: I am a regular here, and for good reason. I have been coming here for a few years every saturday or sunday morning I am off. This quaint breakfast stop is RIGHT around the corner from Camelia Grill, and the breakfast food here puts CG to shame. I have spoken with the owner many times and you can usually see him greeting guests in some sort of hat. He uses organic, locally grown and high-quality ingredients which definitely comes through in the food. He also has some of the best hand-roasted coffee in New Orleans (better than CC's, Rue, etc.) I highly recommend the grits, waffles with berries (always fresh), huevos, or breakfast burrito. 
Get here early (before 10am) or late (after 12pm) to avoid the crowds. The only downside to this place is that it can get very busy and sometimes (as you can see from 3 star reviews) the food can suffer because they only have ~15 tables to turn over for the weekend crowds. However, even on their worst day, they beat CG, slim's, etc hands down, and their simple high quality food is up there with Surrey's, Elizabeth's and Coulis.
If you are uptown, dont go anywhere else. I'll be the guy  wearing scrubs in the corner reading a surgery textbook.Go here! They have good food! Simple dishes, great serving sizes, FRESH ingredients, and great fast service. We tried breakfast foods. The croissant was buttery and delicious and the grits are amazing! Make sure to head out early though, they close at 2pm!
The owner was there and he is super nice, and actually quite inspirational. Hopefully when you go, he will be there and you can chat with him for awhile. 
It was easy to find. Take the St. Charles streetcar to stop 299. Go to the side of the street with the Shell gas station and walk down two blocks. You will see a shopping center with a Sally's store. Turn left on the side street before the shopping center. It's about the 3rd restaurant in the right.I've wanted to visit Refuel for the longest but couldn't find time.  I work in the area and it finally dawned on me...get takeout silly.
I called in an order for the California omelet with a side of grits.  First of all, the staff has great phone etiquette which is hard to come by these days.  The staff was equally nice once I arrived to pick up my food.  
My California omelet was light and fluffy, cooked to perfection.  Much respect to whoever cooks the grits too.  All grits are not created equal so I was hesitant to order them.  Thank goodness I did! Pure, smooth and creamy deliciousness!  They were almost as good as my grandma's but don't tell her.
The owner was outside cleaning the stoop and I'm pretty sure he couldn't have been any more excited or nice.  I will go back soon so I can try the rest of their menu, including all of the tea & coffee selections.
I had to come back and let you know that they have ah-mazing palmiers!  Delicous...go go.Refreshingly simple decor inside. I saw the menu outside while walking around trying to find a place to eat and instantly saw "goat cheese" and had to eat all the things goat cheese. I was pleasantly surprised at how delicious the Goat Cheese BLT was and have been wanting to come back since. I'm sorry Refuel! I will be back!Adorable and great food. Atmosphere was intimate. Service was great...staff polite and personable. Coffee very tasty and fresh...all you can drink for $2.50. Food was fresh, flavorful and presented well. I had breakfast burrito and grits. Best of all I was full but not gross full. Everything was just right.This is a great place for a quick breakfast before walking around the city. I had the egg sandwich (which was simple and delicious) and my husband got the pork and grits, which he loved. His was a big portion, which was perfect for him. I also had the Southern Pecan coffee which was interesting, but a little sweet for me. Overall, great place for a bite!I had business in the area and was hungry so I stopped in here for their refuel breakfast.  It's another one of those damned places where you have to go up to the counter to order...even though there are only maybe 6-7 tables...I have said it before, I HATE ordering up at a counter.
SO I ordered the breakfast with 2 eggs over medium, ciabatta toast, breakfast potatoes and bacon..
I came during a medium time. Not many people here yet or still...not sure.
The pros:
The counter staff was friendly.
The toast was good (dry but good)
The bacon was bacon.
Good jellies (which were needed)
The "breakfast potatoes". For once, a business that doesn't claim to have hash browns when it doesn't. These were more like home fries and were actually quite good. They were NOT hash browns and didn't pretend to be. 
The cons
Eggs over medium ordered. Snotty eggs received.
No butter on the toast. Which wouldn't be bad if they had usable butter on the table
 I don't think they refrigerate their butters or they use them too many days in a row next to hot windows. I opened two butter containers and both were rancid and separated.
The plating. Ok..I know you want to be cutesy and all, but the plate was a rectangle and not large enough for what was on it..and what was on it wasn't very much. Good plates rock...but only if they are also useful. I do not want to sit my toast on the table.
The breakfast potatoes is what saved this from being a 2 star meal...that and the toast (though please change out your table butter more).
I took my plate up to the counter with the eggs uneaten and said goodby. 
No one asked me anything about them not being touched.
I starved until lunch though. :(Delicious! The menu at Refuel Café offers the perfect selection of brunch items to fit anyone's appetite. I had the French toast, which comes with a side of eggs and bacon and my husband had a ham and cheese omelet with a side of potatoes. Everything was cooked to perfection and tasted great. This place gets really busy and there are not that many tables to sit at so it's a constant revolving table situation. I would not recommend this place to anyone with more than 4 in their party or anyone who wants to sit and linger at their table.So I will fully admit that we were going to go to Camellia Grill around the corner, but that place had a huge line. So we looked on our friendly Yelp and found Refuel, and I am so glad we did! This place was awesome. We had breakfast and to be honest I don't remember what I ate (it was a few months ago) but I do remember it being excellent. I remember the fruit being super fresh and yummy. I liked the cozy and friendly feeling of this place. I would totally eat here again the next time I'm in town, and you should too!Come for the tasty food, leave because of the long wait time and poor service.  When I got to the front of the line the cashier refused to take my order for more than five minutes (I asked if I could order and they said no), and when they did finally take my order the woman behind the counter was aggressive and rude.  My friends and I then sat down at a cramped table and waited 40 minutes for our very standard orders (eggs and bacon) to arrive.  The food was very good, but be wary of the service.Second time I've been here where they have forgotten my food. This is an issue considering you pay before you eat so this is unacceptable. Although the food is relatively tasty, this kind of service for a well-renowned restaurant is ridiculous. Won't be back...a refund should have been given.This place used to be great and a lot less expensive. Over the span of a few years the cost of the same exact order has gone up over $5 ! The past few times I've gone they've been out of basic things like fruit or most kinds of milk (today they only had 2%). The wait was ridiculous and when I asked about the status of my order (the rest of the table was served and we were waiting for about an hour) the waitress snapped at me and said it's coming. Five minutes later she came back to our table to let me know that the kitchen lost my order and asked if I still wanted it... for the number of brunch places in the area I would recommend going somewhere else because I certainly won't be going back !Great food! Found this place on here and we're staying close by so decided to stop in and it was a great idea  Next time in town I would come back. The atmosphere was good and service was too!Refuel is very aptly named. If you're looking refuel after a long, hard night, this is the place to come. 
They have a lot of a delicious egg dishes and sandwiches. Definitely think power food. I love that it's breakfast food, but it's a little more healthy than some other options. 
Everything always comes out cooked perfectly. You order at the counter and then get your seat. The seating isn't huge, but it turns over pretty quickly.I never cared for grits until now!  Now I dream about them from here! You MUST try it! It was perfectly buttery and creamy and full of flavor. I had the salmon cakes with them, such a delicious combo. Best breakfast I've ever had. I will be back soon!With Tulane's cafeteria closed for the summer, I decided to try a few places Uptown, and boy I'm glad I did. This gem has a pleasant, swinging atmosphere with top notch breakfast. The southern pecan coffee was delicious and the baja omelet did not disappoint. I will be back.Omg, the food here is so delicious. Refuel cafe was definitely a highlight on my visit to New Orleans.OMG!!!  Found this place on Yelp and the food is outstanding.  We were there on a Monday morning.  My food was great.   Staff was friendly and warm.  I ordered the Huevos Rancheros, which was outside my normal comfort zone. Glad I did!  Wife ordered the grits with ham.  Her comment was "I don't remember ever having better grits."  I generally don't like grits but she offered a bite and I will be ordering the grits next time.Great food & GREAT service. Only gave it a 4 star instead of 5 because it was very cold & didn't seem to have heater going. We visited in January.Really delicious fooods, u should try the waffle putting Nutella on top  You will greatly love the foods ...Such a disappointment. 
This place used to be my favorite breakfast spot, but the past four or five times I have been, I have left frustrated with the experience. Repetitively sloppy. 
Bacon is served that is overcooked, I found a hair in my food, they were out of coffee creamer, and the bathroom floor was dirty and soaking wet. 
This place has too much potential and is too expensive to provide such a poor experience. Some of the staff appears lazy and seem irritated if you ask for something. At times I have had to get up and get my own silverware. 
I don't plan on going back simply because I would rather support restaurants that no matter how much business they get, they work hard at making sure every customer is well taken care of. This is not one of them.What a nice find, breakfast was good. I had the french toast, scrambled eggs, and bacon. Brian had the black beans and eggs!Yum.   So glad they are open.  The food is always full of flavor and the cashier is always bubbly.  The coffee is good.  They have a limited selection for small children, but that is similar among lots of places in NOLA.   It does get crowded but the bus-boy clears tables quickly after they are vacated.This place runs like clockwork. You order at the counter, pay, they give u a number stand to set on the table you select and BAM out comes your food delivered right to you. Well staffed and friendly in a very nice atmosphere. The food is all well prepared and had a large selection of creatively prepared dishes. I ordered the Migas and it was really good. I am not usually a waffle fan but I saw some go by that changed my opinion and will defiantly have to try them next visit. If you haven't checked it out yet you should. Mmm Mmm good!What a FABULOUS Sunday brunch experience, this place is absolutely exceptional in how they prepare their food. The owner, Guthrie, is a master of his craft and so very kind and friendly. He was very patient with my specialized order and made me grits and an egg white omelettes that literally stunned me they were SO GOOD. The egg white omelette was a light, fluffy, cloud of heaven and paired with the sensational grits and fresh toast just had me speechless. Best breakfast I've had in New Orleans. Come here and don't be afraid to ask for what you want, you'll get it and then some!Awesome Breakfast place. It's ridiculous that breakfast in and around uptown New Orleans isn't exactly cheap. This place will set you back about  $10-$12 a person assuming you get coffee and a plate of food. Everything is super super good, and the place is really clean compared to a lot of other New Orleans establishments. You gotta love that. 
The chorizo burrito was AWESOME. 
My friend's Waffle was very good. 
As long as you know that there will be a little bit of "sticker shock", and that it is completely justified, then you will love this place.Great breakfast and quick! (Came on a Friday morning). Had the breakfast burrito and grits plate w/ cheese, andouille, and an egg. Although good, I'm a rookie and the grits were a bit too heavy for me (esp with the cheese). The burrito was excellent. Next time I'll just get a side of the grits.This place is awesome!!!! From the hospitality to the food.  Everything I had was delicious....the grits, omelet, and sweet tea I'll most definitely be back.
Guthrie you're amazingHuevos rancheros were delicious. Mediterranean scramble was ok, could have used more flavor with onions,more feta and maybe some garlic. Overall good atmosphere, decent healthy food, great coffee. Servers were sweet, the tall barista was super nice to my grandmother. We went with a few demanding older family members but received great service. Wouldn't say it's great for the elderly because it's a smaller place with narrow walk ways but great for couples and friends on those lazy weekend mornings. will be returning  for breakfast.Great, happy servers, good fresh food, my significant other had two orders of grits, and she is a southern grits maven. We loved it!If you find yourself in this part of uptown around lunchtime, you could do a lot worse then Refuel.  The service really sets this place apart.  The owner/manager accommodated my indecision and let me taste the curry chicken salad before I ordered.  He also was very welcoming and made sure our meal went smoothly.  Our warm sandwiches were good but not amazing (thus the 4 stars) and the prices were reasonable.  Good option for the local Tulane crowd or the wayward tourist.How could this happen?? I pay for two breakfasts $32 and a generous tip of $5 for cafeteria style service. Great food, no problem so far. Then loss my appetite after a couple of bites due to the pink haired waitress supporting her pink shirt "I stand with planned parenthood". It's breakfast time... no reason to have staff with politically charged pro-Trump, ProHillary, Pro Abortion, Pro Gender bathroom separation, etc. Just serve a good meal to all... Be inclusive, not exclusive. It was their decision to keep me away from this restaurant in the future. Good food but there are many other breakfast cafes that are better and more tolerable. I also regret the $5 tip initially now.Waffles on Oak - Bad
Refuel Cafe (waffles) - ExcellentThe perfect breakfast! I've never liked grits before and the owner gave us a sample to try and now I'm hooked!
Great staff and friendly patrons.
This place is a MUST when visiting New Orleans.Food, service and atmosphere were all top    notch. It's very efficient and great counter service in a nice setting.Southern pecan coffee with bottomless refills, breakfast burrito and side of grits! Most delicious breakfast uptown and no crazy wait line. The owner is super friendly and service is excellent.