Awesome Pizza and pleasant staff. We were in town for Essence Fest and stumbled across this gem.After spending the entire week in New Orleans, on my last night there, pizza delivery was just what the doctor ordered. I'm kind of a pizza snob, but this pizza was really good. The fresh ingredients made the flavor, but the crust was a perfect hybrid of a European and New York style crusts. I'm still not sure how they were able to deliver it to my hotel in 20 minutes, but I can't remember the last time I was so pleased with a pizza delivery experience.Stopped here on a long trip across the country from Florida to Oregon based on a local friend's recommendation. They had pretty good food, but not the best food I've ever had. I ordered a sandwich, but I don't really remember which one. It had a bunch of tasty meat on it!I just freaking like this place.   They have a huge glass storefront so you get natural light even when you're eating inside.  They aren't really busy outside of weekdays at noon.  And they serve the same good food as all of the other Reginelli's locations.
My personal favorite items on the menu are: the Ancona Caesar salad (I don't like caesar salad anywhere else and the flatbread it's served on doesn't hurt), the Pesto Tortellini (really good, but the portion always seems kind of small and it's always heavy on the oil), the Dream State sandwich (I mean, goat cheese and balsamic, hello) and the Smokin' Chicken pizza (carmelized onions and pancetta, too).  Really, no matter what location I go to, Reginelli's food always seems to be consistent, which means it is consistently delicious, and who doesn't like that?Their official website lists clearly lists our address within the boundaries of their deliver service on their website. When I called, I was told they don't go to our street after dark. The crime rate of our neighborhood is a fraction of that of the French Quarter according to crime mapping websites and so this decision clearly smacks of racism. But aside from that, they're also advertising falsely on their website and I will be calling the company headquarters about it.So this place is awesome! We came to New Orleans for my bachelorette party and our hotel was down the street from this restaurant. On our second night we went pretty late like literally 5 minutes before they closed (we never typically do that) but we were so hungry. They were so nice and the food was pretty amazing!! If you are in New Orleans and want to try so amazing pizza come to this restaurant!We have eaten here around 6 times or more. The servers are always friendly and laid back. The food is fresh and very tasty. The prices are reasonable and families seem to really enjoy dining here. If you are in need of a break from the French Quarter, this is perfect! I recommend any of the pizza, and the uptowner sandwich!I'm obsessed with the Dream Sandwich from Reginelli's. I was born and raised in the Northeast so I will never like southern pizza - but I would go for the other items on the menu. It's a chain and they also do delivery so it's great for college students especially. The baked brie is an especially good treat.Their garlic knots are so addictive. Covered in butter unapologetically. Their pizza  cute but filling and I'm in love with the pesto tortellini. Healthy it isn't but that is okay to splurge every once and a while.Amazing food!!! Great for groups, reasonably priced. Showed up on a Friday night with a group of 20 people and I only called ahead about an hour prior. They were able to split the checks 20 times! I had the Brie calzone appetizer and the pesto tortellini. I cleaned my plate , but wished I saved room for dessert. Highly recommend.Good pizza and cheap drinks, but slow service for being so close to Superdome. If service was quicker would be 5 stars! Took over an hour to get our food on a Friday night at 6pm and overheard waitress offer free drinks to table next to us since they forgot to place their order...if you aren't in a rush then this place is just fineWith the new menu, I'm so-so on Reginelli's. My favorite sandwich disappeared, but I also understand the need to reinvent yourself from time to time. 
The cups are huge so the drinks are always plenty. (Look, this matters to me because I only ever come here when I need SO MUCH CAFFEINE, okay?) The portions are decent. Most of the appetizers can stand in for an entree for one, which is pretty solid. The service is a rotating string of somewhat bored, somewhat desperate young folks. (I'm willing to bet that the servers just don't make the kind of money that incentivizes staying at a job like this for very long. This isn't career-making stuff, you know? It's more "summer job" level. Please tip them well.) The sandwiches are made on house-baked bread, which is enough for me. 
There is nothing that makes this location of Reginelli's stand out, but there is nothing that makes it suck, either. You could do much worse, and you will probably walk out happy. 
Accessibility notes: door opens out. No Braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours. Stairs up to half the restaurant/all booth seating.Reginelli's is one of my favorite lunch spots in the downtown area and I'm sure it would be just as great for dinner too.  The pizza is good, but my personal favorite and recommendation is the Shrimp Forrest--tortellini, shrimp, and chopped pancetta in a spicy red pepper cream sauce. So delicious! The menu offers pizza, pasta, salad, and sandwich choices.
Helpful hints: Specials include $2 pitchers of beer (Abita Amber and Bud Light) on Mondays & Tuesdays and $10 bottles of wine (Papio Chardonnay and Cabernet) on Wednesdays. If you go to the Reginelli's website, you can print coupons. The coupon for $2 off a purchase of $10 of more personally helps me justify having Reginelli's for lunch instead of a subpar fast food option.
Weekday lunch beware--the wait for dine-in, pick-up, and delivery can be long.  Just be aware of that possibility so that you can plan accordingly; especially if you're slipping away from work.Good local pizza options with shrimp, gator, other.First and foremost, the food. Gourmet pizza that will rock your world whichever world that may be. Something different for every thing you're in the mood for. It's pizza though, so don't bother asking if anything is gluten free. Maybe some salad dressings are. Ancona salad is awesome. Great appetizers and some healthy ones also. Best pizzas are the Smokin Chicken and the Quattro. 
Excellent staff with insanely good management from Sean, Stephanie, and Shane. Take care of their employees and their customers. 
Probably the best thing though...$2 PITCHERS OF AMBER EVERY MONDAY AND TUESDAY ALL DAY!!!
Seriously, you will leave fat and happy and ready for some more downtown adventure. Check them out!!!Nice little street pizza place. I had the baked Brie pastry. It was good. They mixed up our order but the staff was very nice and the food came out quicklyThe pizza is whoop whoop!!! Highly recommend. Don't waste any more time looking for a pizza place. The service and and atmosphere are cool and cool. Dig it!!This has to be one of the worst experiences I've had in a really long time. The waitress never brought us utensils or napkins to eat with, my friend ended up getting up and getting them hisself. Even though there were about 10 customers in the ENTIRE establishment,  It took them a 45 minutes to bring me the wine, soup and salad I ordered for lunch. When we finally recieved our food, the orders were not 100% correct. The soup they gave us was luke warm and got an attitude when we asked them to heat it up. The waitress hardly came onto the floor to check to see if we needed anything. I'll think twice before coming here again. THEN after we paid, the waitress told us we were her last table and she was ready to go! I guess that explains the lack of service.Saw on yahoo this was voted top 20 pizza place in the country. So I decided to give it a try. The pizza was good and I would go back but I don't know why it was voted top 20 because it wasn't anything special. 
It kind of reminded me of Pizza Hut.The pizza was so delish! The crust was amazing and all of the ingredients were fresh. The calzone was also excellent. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because it was a little over priced for pizza.I came here completely starving after a concert at Civic Theater, and had a chicken pesto panini that completely hit the spot for me. All of Reginelli's pizzas and salads have been really good from my experience, and it's one of the better places (of few) that I've eaten in the warehouse district.This was the worst pizza that I have ever had! Tasteless. It was dry and no sauce and very little cheese. The crust was dry and hard in some places. Never, never order from this place. I am 66 years old and have ordered many pizzas in my lifetime for dinners, birthday parties, events,etc. I threw the pizza out.Delicious! Ordered this after having a bad dinner experience and not eating. I got the small sausage and pepperoni and they delivered to my hotel with no delivery fee! It was amazing handmade dough. Must have for a late night slice!Ordered a delivery pie.  It came in less than 30 minutes.  
I got italian sausage, peperoni, red onions, mushrooms, black olives.
Crust was soft. Pizza was cheesy. Toppings were fresh.  Notably high quality pepperoni.
Not the best pizza I ever had, but perty dang good.  I'd order from them again.My review is solely for the pizza.  Maybe I'm just spoiled by the awesome pizza I enjoy back home but the pizza I ordered was not that great.  Not enough sauce and the ingredients tasted raw (I didn't order any meat ingredients, thankfully).This Reginelli's is conveniently located in the "social hub" (as I've begun calling it) of Poydras, where there is a nice selection of bars and different restaurants to choose from and the proximity to the Superdome can't be beat.
Some friends and I just wanted a quick snack, so we ordered a small pepperoni pizza (6) slices and it cost $9.33.  What I didn't understand was that a large pizza, which is 8 slices cost about $14.  A little over $4 for two more slices?  Seems odd, even if the slices are bigger than normal, but I digress.  The pizza was really good and the crust had a lot of flavor.  I will definitely be going back and trying some of their many specialty pizzas.Delicious! If you're tired of the greasy ,rich, delicious, and fatty typical nola food try this place out! Pizza's are great, salad is LARGE and delicious, soups are so so so good! Definitely will be eating here againGreat pie! Love their pizza and their cheesy bread! Awesome hole-ish in the wall. Come check it out!Great food. Amazing service!!! Ask for Hanna she was our waitress and she did an awesome job!!!!Pizza was fresh order was correct a little pricy but was VERY good!! I recommend this place for a wholesome pizza after having a few street drinksThis place is great. The 2 times I've been here have both been a little empty. The pizza is great. I hope lots of people come here. I want this place to be around for my future trips to NOLA. There were several people who stopped to pick up call in orders. Come here and eat. The vibe is cool too. The food is great.Yummmm! Great pizza and  salads. So tasty  Had delivery so cannot comment on atmosphere or dining.Love this place! Couldn't drag my son away. First tried it in Houston and wanted to try the original while we were in NOLA. Cheese bread is a delicious appetizer... basically a small pizza with the sauce on the side... red pepper sauce rocks! Went for lunch twice in a three day visit. Pizza has a crispy, light crust smothered in toppings... we split a Mediterranean and our son designed his own.. extra cheese and sundried tomatoes. Service was outstanding... waitress was very attentive and other team members came by throughout our visit to check on us. This place is definitely a gem... look forward to future visits!Staff were friendly. Food was fast. Pizza is great. They were also open on new years eve which is a plus. Great access to french quarter.Ok I have lived in the New Orleans area for 4 years and tonight is the first time I have tried Reginelli's Pizza.  We ordered the Tony's Pick but changed it up a bit. We took off the onions and added tomatoes and Gouda cheese with extra sauce.  
The pizza was delivered on a bicycle and was a tad jumbled but who cares it was delivered on a bike!
We were told it would take 45 minutes but the pizza arrived in 35!!!
I really liked the pizza they did not skimp on the toppings. There were over flowing toppings. 
The crust was crispy and soft at the same time and very good.Not too shabby, the price is good, especially on their beer, and the food is decent.  My biggest complaint is that the focaccia bread on the sandwiches always seems to be a bit soggy from the dressings they put on it, but they're still good.Hotel was across the street from this place so we tried this place out for takeout our first night. Online ordering is a little glitchy on a smartphone but I called to confirm the order and they were really nice about it. The regular pizzas were nothing special, but the gumbo and smokin chicken were FANTASTIC! My only complaint was the portion for the caprese salad was small for the price (not really sharable), but it did have fresh mozzarella.Typical sit down pizza place.
Pizza's weren't special.  They were twice as expensive than the $7 large 3 toppings I usually get when there is a deal from delivery places, but not twice as delicious.  They were, in fact, kind of unmemorable.
I was disappointed by the garlic sauce for the Hot Trio.  It wasn't very garlicy, at all.  I want to scare away the vampires, darned it!
It is a walk away from several hotels, and they have cheap beer, though.  They also have a good number of seating, so on a weekday evening, there is plenty of room for a large party, with no wait.Terrible service they took over an hour to bring our food and our waitress didn't even apologize about it being terrible!!!! Won't be backExcellent pizza - we each got a personal pizza and were stuffed. Recommend the pineapple and prosciutto.Got a pizza delivered to me. Was late, cold and very tight with toppings! Other than that, it was fine!!!We had lunch here on our last day of Mardi Gras weekend and it was excellent. I had the spinach and artichoke dip as an appetizer and the spicy chicken pizza. Both were very good.So it turns out Ska Saturday isn't a regular thing.   Reginelli's still gets a solid four stars for food and atmosphere.Great pizza, friendly service.  The table was sticky, but our waiter quickly cleaned it for us.  It took longer than I expected to cook two 10" pizzas, but the food was good.We went here for dinner on a Saturday night and the place was packed. It was the  before the Rock n Roll Marathon so all the runners were trying to load up with pasta. I ordered the baked tortellini and added a side of chicken. However, when my meal arrived, they had forgotten to add the chicken. The waiter quickly took care of the issue and brought me a side of chicken from the kitchen. I found the sauce to be a little thick and gloppy. My wife got the chicken and cheese calzone. It was a little undercooked,  but all in all tasty. While there's nothing outstanding about this restaurant, it served its purpose and provided us food for the race the next day. Considering the crowd and the amount of waitstaff that was available, they did a good job trying to move people in and out as fast as possible.This was in walking distance from our hotel....very very yummy! 2 dollar  Anita pitchers for dine in during the week I forgot what day.I don't even remember how I discovered this restaurant, but I'm so glad I did. This place was a relatively short walk from our hotel while staying in New Orleans. My dad and I ordered a Classic Combo in the smaller of the two sizes the first time we went and it was really good pizza. Perfectly cooked, lots of toppings, and crispy crust to munch on.
The next night, we ordered the same pizza and a slice of tiramisu for delivery to our hotel. It was supposed to be a 45 minute wait, which seemed really long, but we decided to wait anyways, because we were so tired from walking the entire day and didn't want to do any more. Well, almost an hour later, the delivery guy showed up, without the tiramisu, so he had to bike back to the restaurant and come back. This was a little annoying, but the delivery guy was genuinely apologetic and the food was still as good as the first time.
Apparently, this is some kind of a chain in the South. I'm so sad there are no Reginelli's Pizza in Las Vegas, Nevada! I would definitely return if i ever went back to New Orleans.This used to be our go to pizza in New Orleans . The quality of the food changed about a year ago and started to be more like Dominos. 
We still want it to be  the fresh moist flavor able pizza we came to love and have tried two more times. The pizza tonight was again dry and bland. This is our final order from Reginellis and it is a painful departure.You won't leave disappointed but you won't be dying to come back either. I had their classic combo pizza, crawfish and corn chowder and caesar salad- all were good but nothing to write home about. Prices are moderate. With all the amazing food in New Orleans, I'd go somewhere else.  If you just GOTTA have pizza, this is a good pick.Great menu. Every appetizer and pizza we tried was delicious. Good ingredients and well prepared. The atmosphere is unimpressive, but still a nice spot for lunch.We live right next to this pizza place. Whenever we go, it takes them at least 45 minutes to make a pizza. This has happened every single time we have gone( about 5 times so far). I do not understand the extremely slow service. Would not recommend going,The service was friendly but not irritating out creepy and the food was outstanding. The Muffler's had lots of meat, olive salad, the best ciabatta bread. The bread seemed homemade. The only negative was that the pizza only came in sizes for multiple people. No slices or individual sizes. They looked good but I was eating alone and they didn't have an option.The place is nice and hipster and service is good.  But for pizza I wouldn't come here.  We had a 10 in 6 slice pizza and for it already being small it was half crust half toppings.  Taste was good but if I'm paying 13 bucks for 6 slices (like a personal pizza) they better be full of toppings and cheese.  It was dissapointing to see all that bread and crust.  For an 8 slice piece it is $18.  Do the math, for 2 extra slices you pay 5 more.  Not good.  Save your money and go elsewhere.8/3/11 - Light dinner tonight, chicken salad w/lettuce, tomatos, apples, pecans, and blue cheese.  Also had a dressed humus w/pita bread, dried tomatos, olives, and feta cheese.  It was delicious!The restaurant had great staff, quick service, good prices, and the overall appearance was excellent. The only reason I gave it a four out of five is because I was not fond o the pizza sauce. It's chunky with tomatoes and onions, so if that is your thing, this is the place for you!First time here. It was close by the hotel I was staying in so I thought I would give it a try. 
I ordered a pizza with pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, green peppers, and onions with a spicy tomato sauce. And a NOLA blonde ale beer. 
Like you know when you're​ craving that meatiness and saltiness of pepperoni on a pizza ? 
Well, my pizza came out and OMG there was no pepperoni on it...ahhh fail....
The very nice guy working there offered to take it back but it seemed to take a long time to get out of the kitchen the first time. 
The pizza was good. The sausage was very tasty, very textured and uneven which I love. I loved the texture of the crust. Crispy and  burnt just a bit. 
The NOLA blonde ale was good, I had two 
Overall it was nice.  And I will definitely return. However,...the pepperoni was missing.....noooooooo!!!!
PS.  They did knock like 5% off the pizza for their mistake. But I still missed that flavor profile I would have had with the pepperoni.First off, I love the food here and up until now it has been a regular place for me.  Today was the last straw.
I called in an order so that I could pick it up and eat at my desk before starting a series of 3 hours of afternoon meetings.  I called in the order at 11:25.  I was told it would be ready in 15 minutes.  Perfect.  I arrive at 11:35 and pay.  I watch the delivery guy arrive and leave, 8 tables get seated and served before my food came out at 12:10.  I asked at 10 minute intervals and was promised "it would be right up/we are boxing it up now."  I assume they were referring to the soup, since that was cold by the time I ate it.
I was offered a complimentary drink while I waited, but no other effort to take care of the situation.  I was told as I was leaving that they were sorry, but dine in orders take precedence over take-out.  What!!???  I wish someone would have told me that at the beginning so I could have canceled the order and gong somewhere else.  Instead I am sitting in a meeting typing this with my calzone getting cold and my soup getting colder.
Last time I go there or recommend it.I order delivery from this place about once per month. If each item was about $1 cheaper, I'd order it more often. That said, I think if you're dining in, their prices are on par. My favorite menu items are the Dream State, Uptowner, and Calzones. My coworkers love the Hot and Cold Trios, the Ancona salad, and they swear by their hummus. All of that's a bit too pricy for me for what you actually get, but it looks great! I'm a die-hard Mona's fan for hummus, but from what I'm told, Reginelli's has a texture that can't be beat. 
I LOVE their avocado and asparagus salad, and even more so I love their ham, pear, & Brie sandwich... alas Brie never holds up well for delivery.
Customer service is always excellent, and delivery is always timely. Honestly every time I order from here I ask myself why I don't do it more often, and then I remember I try my best to stay below $10 for lunch (including tax and tip if I can although it rarely happens), and that's why.  
Great, fresh food- always. Get you some!We're giving this one a 4 for the meatball sandwich! My son said its the best he's ever had. We also had pizza and salads. The grilled asparagus and avocado salad was our fave though we also had the roasted cauliflower and veg salad (also good). The mushroom pizza was packed with several kinds of mushrooms, earthy and good. We also had a chicken pizza, not our fave but also good. The staff was super friendly and helped us to narrow down our choices.WTH was delivered to me today??? Why does my tiramisu cake looks like it was dropped on the floor and put the box ... Its suppose cake but I got mush!!! See picsA little surprised when we got here that there were only 4 tables occupied. However, hummus (dressed) app was great, baked Brie was mostly good and then the Genoa pizza was great. Even the cheese pizza for the kids was outstanding. Would recommend this place again.We had an amazing lunch here and lucked into the first day of a new menu with lots of freebies! Our server, Megan, was charming and so helpful and gracious. Our pizzas had an interesting twist with delicious, fresh ingredients. And the $2 pitcher of Abita cannot be beat!This location delivered a sandwich to me today that was burned so badly it was inedible. When I called to ask that a new sandwich be sent, the replacement wasn't toasted at all. This will be my last time ordering from the Reginelli's on Poydras.I'm from NYC! N this is very much a close runner up! Great pizza! The pizza was very flavorful and the restaurant staff was friendly! My pizza was plain made with the thin crust. I could taste all the ingredients!Wife and I stopped by to eat before we went to the ball game.  They sat us quick, but the service wasn't the fastest,  We were in no worry of missing the game, but were hungry from a long day at work.  We got our app. and pie.  Pie was just a cheese and pep.  Very good!Well, I would write a review on how good or bad the food was but I didn't even get any. I'm staying in NOLA three blocks away from the restaurant and called for delivery...and refused to take my order because  they don't deliver this far. Let me repeat myself...three blocks away. And you don't deliver this far? Roger.Overall: A surprisingly good option for takeout near the busy French Quarter.
The good: Not your typical low quality, run of the mill pizza compared to most other options in the area. They have a lot of unique and interesting combinations available, and the 3 that we chose were all great. The service was friendly upon our arrival for takeout, and gave us plenty of extra parmesan and peppers. And, everything was hot and fast and ready for pick up.
The not-so-good: Due to the special toppings, the prices are a little bit higher than I would've liked. The breadsticks were also disappointing compared to the pizza and garlic knots. 
Food/Drink: 8/10
Service: 8/10
Atmosphere: N/A (takeout)A modern and sleek Italian restaurant that is well priced and delicious. Reginellis was a great spot to pick up food or even dine in. All of the pizzas are to die for, except the largest size serves only 8 pieces. Also, the pasta and calzones are really tasty and have a great flavor. A great pizza joint!Super salty for my liking. Had the hot trio which was bland and their classic which came with way more sodium than needed. 9-22-16Service was good.  Seated right away.  Waitress was wonderful with conversation and suggestions.  Food came out fast.  Food was served hot and fresh.Another pizza place in the CBD? Yes, but it's a higher quality than most of the others. Plus they offer excellent salads and sandwiches if you're not up for pizza.
They are a little pricier, but checkout their website and print the available coupons they have to get a couple dollars off.
This location can get very crowded at lunch and the service is kind of hit or miss. Hoping they will continue to improve on that. I tend to go there for lunch after 1:00 and the wait time isn't as bad.
Everything I've ordered so far has been good.Delicious pesto pizza! We also had spinach dip and cheesy bread which were pretty tasty as well!Ordered a pizza to go. The wait time was short and the pizza was very good. A bit pricey for the size but it was quick and good.Best pizza ever says my 67 year old opinionated hubby who loves great food!  Lots of flavour even in the crust.  The staff helped us pick a menu to meet all our interests.Can you open up a Reginelli's in Nashville? Please!
My husband and I enjoyed a weekend in New Orleans (9/16-9/18) that happened to include restaurant week. After the Saints/Patriots game we were walking along Poydras looking for a place to have my birthday dinner.
We had looked at the restaurant week menu: for $20 pp we could get a salad, personal pizza, and tiramisu. Since I avoid alcohol and most tiramisu is made with alcohol, my deciding factor would be the dessert. The waitress went to check for me and when she assured me it was ok and we could eat at the "bar" at the window without a wait, we were all in. 
The salad was cold with a great balsamic dressing and lots of fresh vegetables. I ordered the Margherita pizza while my husband had the smokin' chicken. There was just enough topping over the thin crust perfectly baked pizza. 
The tiramisu dessert was better than any birthday cake I might have found. 
Reginelli's is a perfect reprieve in a city of gumbo, étouffée, and fried fish. 
Please come to Nashville.I was doing some research at the Notarial Archives office on Poydras Street, near Da Dome, and then went over the the main branch of the library on Loyola, so I stopped at Reginelli's Pizza on Poydras for lunch in between. I passed on my usual chicken-with-gorgonzola salad for "The Downtowner" sandwich, which has "...turkey, prosciutto, hard salami, roma tomatoes and melted mozzarella with a sun dried tomato and calamata olive pesto." It was good--they have great foccacia bread. Sandwich gets good marks, service somewhat less. I was at one of the high-top seats in the front window. The place was busy, but a table closer to my server would have speeded things up a bit, I guess.I ordered a classic combo pizza for delivery.
The hand tossed crust was perfect: crispy but still soft.
The very generous toppings: sausage, pepperoni, black olives, green peppers, mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, and mozzarella were all delicious and fresh tasting.  The man taking my phone order was very courteous.  My pizza was delivered still hot by bicycle within 30 minutes.  The pizza was absolutely perfect!In town on vacation, I  had a pepperoni pizza and a Tony's pizza delivered and the cost was $29 and they were kind of small. Also my card was overcharged by $10. The pizza was good but expensive I don't think I would order from here again.Great food but terrible service. 
Upon arrival we chose a table as requested and it had some leftovers from the prior party. The host came to our table and sprayed and cleaned in front of us - our party that included two adults and three children under 12. I was completely turned off watching the waiter spraying our table literally in front of us. He could've provided us with a different table or asked us to step away while he sprayed cleaning spray. We ordered two simple pizzas, two kids meals and a salad and our orders took way longer than it should have.I used to have this Reginelli's deliver lunch at work 2-3x a week, but noticed the quality dropped off drastically.  I stopped ordering from them regularly, but thought I could give them another chance.  That was a mistake.  My order today was a mess the delivery person must have carries it on its side as all the toppings fell off, and the box was covered in the sauce I had asked to be put on the side! I will never have them deliver again!I'm not huge pizza fan so when my coworkers suggested going here I wasn't super excited. When we got there I was pleasantly surprised by the variety of food. They have a lot of sandwiches, salads and different types of pizza. There was lots of options to choose from. They also have the eat fit Nola menu which is nice if you are trying to be healthier.We got a few pizzas from here while staying in New Orleans, it was not too bad but was not remarkably good either.Made it a quick simple lunch. Small margarita pizza. Enough for 2 to share if you want something light. Mozzarella was fresh, crust was good, and sauce was very tasty. Wouldn't mind eating it for dinner. Great service.Went on a Wednesday night; no crowd. Ordered the 14" combo, which was tasty. The Tuscan hummus appetizer was nice and garlicky. Finished by sharing the tiramisu dessert, reportedly from a local bakery. It was delicious. Good, friendly service. Overall a decent pizza place.Yes, this place gets full five stars - Not just for food, but for service, price, ambiance et al!
We went there for dinner and were seated almost immediately.  Mainly because of the fact that the game for the Saints had gotten over and people were already on their way home for a busy week ahead.
Our server arrived almost instantly, took our drink orders, and the drinks arrived within minutes.  By then, we decided to order their "pig in a pirogue" and "bbq shrimp with ciabetta bread.
The barbecue sauce with shrimps was just plain awesome - tangy and flavorful.  For main course, we had the Saltimbocca pizza and it was pretty awesome, too.  The chicken breast was well cooked, spinach and cheese just melted along and the base was well done.
Overall, we had a nice time and were able to finish it all.  Not too expensive on the pocket, just under $15 per person for gourmet pizza dinner, now that's something!Terrrrrrible. I'm not sure if the kitchen, management, or servers are to blame but they fell apart today. We waited for over an hour for a pizza!! Several people In the restaurant left without food, they didn't even receive their appetizers in a timely manner. No manager(s) in sight to help servers or speak to customers. Bathrooms dirty, no host/ess for seating, very unorganized, & messy. We've been to other Reginellis locations but we will not return to this one.  I hate to write a negative review but our experience was that bad!Really, really good pizza.  We had the classic combo pizza.  
Service was good.  
Mushroom app and garlic knots were great as well.I came before a New Orleans Pelicans basketball game for pizza and everything was great! I would definitely recommend.  The place is also family friendly. The pizza was delicious.Called in an order for pick up. They said it would take 20 min. I got there about 25 min after the phone call, and the first thing they do is make you pay before checking on the food. After I pay, they come back and tell me it's going to be ready in 20 min......... I responded with "another 20 min?!" and the employees just looked at me with an annoyed look, no apologies, no double checking on the order. It was obvious they forgot about my order, but they clearly did not give a shit.
So I waited another 35 minutes and I finally got my sandwich, which they didn't fully make it the way I ordered (wrong cheese, asked for no sprouts). 
Basically, never call in for a pick up, because they lack enough organization to handle pick ups and dine ins.Stayed at the Drury hotel down this street and found myself and my friends coming back to Reginelli's whenever we'd get hungry. This place is great. Some of the best pizza I've ever had. I kept it simple and got pepperoni and sausage pizza and just thinking of it is making me drool. 
Service was good when we came and sat down it was pretty empty at the time and the server was nice and kept checking on us. We ordered a couple other times and it took a while to get our pizzas but that's understandable considering how busy it was. We tried to stay away because it was our first time in New Orleans and we wanted to try a lot of different foods but if your looking to get some good pizza I highly recommend Reginelli's!Gotta say the Smokin Chicken pizza is amazing. Nice atmosphere and the employees are very friendly. Would recommend top choice for pizza night!Very BEST pizza in NOLA!!! Oh my gosh, it's sooooo crazy good!!! I dream about it... The crust is perfect, their topping suggestions are incredible! The staff is incredibly polite and accommodating. We also tried the spinach artichoke dip, it was GOOOD but the pizza is MONEY!!The dining room seems very clean. Wooden chairs were a little wobbly for as new as they looked. I had a very tasty dish here. It was super yummy, but rich, so I wasn't able to finish it. Fresh brewed sweet iced tea available here. I would come here again if I'm ever back in town."We are out of plates" was just about the last straw after waiting twenty minutes to get a drink order in. They delivered half of the food that was ordered and the people who ordered pizza did not get plates. The food itself was good but besides that it was a terrible experience.I went here for Sunday lunch and it was fairly empty. We were seated and service was excellent. We had a Mediterranean pizza and a green salad. The pizza was delicious and the salad was yummy. Everything tastes super fresh! I would go back anytime!Great salads and food to go! Love the soup of the day.  Tomato Basil is probably my favorite. 
Pizza's are pretty damn good and I usually don't consider it good pizza if its outside of Chicago.  I wouldn't say it's the best pizza, but it will satisfy your pizza cravings.  I usually went for the white Margarita pizza. 
This place is pretty close to all of the business/government buildings on Poydras.  If you can sitting inside is probably more comfortable than outside because the sun will get you and the nasty heat will make you sweat in places that you never knew could sweat. 
It got really crowded during lunch, but pretty much anything on Poydras will get crowded between the hours of 1100-1300.This was just what I was looking for -- tasty, simple pizza in a casual quiet atmosphere  (although I could wish for a slightly smaller option than 10", which is just too much for me.)  The servers were friendly and casual.
It's not amazing-you-must-go-here, but I think it's going to make a great default choice when I don't want to think hard about where to go.  That's almost something I value more.Deeeeeeeelicious. I'm hungry just thinking about it.
I went with a rather large group (20 people or so) after work on a Friday evening, because we all wanted to go out for a drink and it was walking distance from our place of employment. When we got there at around 7pm, the place was dead, which was actually pretty good since it's not that big and there were so many of us. We pulled all of the tables outside together into one long table, and at first our waitress looked a little scared (I imagine they're usually not too busy on Friday nights, since it's in the CBD and all) but she was great. She joked with us, kept the food and drinks coming- really just great service, especially for something so unexpected to them. 
I didn't actually have any pizza- just pretty much one of every appetizer on the menu, but I hear it's really good. One of my coworkers ordered a meatball sandwich and he said it's the best he's ever had. Plus, on Monday's and Tuesday's they have $2 pitchers. Can't beat that.If you are in New Orleans and need pizza GO HERE!  I am a Chicago pizza snob and I have to say this is one of the best pizzas I have ever tried. Pizza is great and calzone is huge. The place is really clean with an awesome staff. You will love itWe stumbled in as we were hungry and on a time budget.  They made a to go order for us. We could not make up our mind on the Nor Eastner or the meat pie so they made us a half and half.  We got sodas and sat down.  They refilled our drinks once and then again after the 12-15 minutes the pizza took to cook.  We went back to the hotel and really enjoyed the pie.  Just great fresh flavors and the crust was perfect. No oil or grease to blot up and the meats were very flavorful along with the crunchy but cooked green peppers.  A local friend says the calzones are a once a week meal for his family.  The pizza and service was perfect. Will go back next time in Nola.Y'all spinach seriously does not come with a good ratio of dip to bread... we saw how little bread that came with it and was piling on the spinach on each piece trying not to run out... well we are now out of bread and still have half our dip left and no bread... and are being told they will charge us to bring out more bread... not cool cool at all!This is a modern, trendy industrial looking pizza place. There is sit down tables inside and outside. 
I wanted to try southern food so I tried their barbecue shrimp on toast and and eggplant muffalto.
They were both good. Would have liked to have tried their pizza.Great pizza! We shared a large classic combo and it was so flavorful. The crust was slightly thin and crispy. All the toppings were fresh and the cheese was nice and stretchy. Jasen did a great job as our waiter, even though he was busy.Touristy at best. Semi-interesting pizza options but nothing compelling enough to justify the cost or a return trip which is unfortunate as there is a shortage of clean, modern eateries in the area. Also had to flag down waitstaff after our glasses sat empty for ten minutes to get refills.Run past this "pizzeria". It was close to the hotel and not busy for a reason. Should have been more suspicious of their "New Seafood Menu" created, I guess, to compete in their New Orleans share market. Their BBQ shrimp appetizer was claimed to be Gulf shrimp (not a chance) and the best in the city (hardly). It came with burnt (!) bruschetta with tiny frozen shrimp toughened in their Worcestershire, Crystal hot sauce and butter substitute bath. 
The pizza was lacking in delicious crust and tantalizing sauce. We left a third of it at the table. I have taken both of my prescription nausea medicines since- one AT the table.3/5 standard but friendly service
it's a reginelli's - the stuff is good but not necessarily awesome. the prices are alright for a CBD lunch and i think on some days they feature wine specials. i'm always happy with their hummus, and the pizzas make a hearty meal with plenty to take home. the saltimbocca with an extra lemon squeeze is really really yummy. even during lunch rushes i feel like you'll be able to squeeze a lunch into an hour, and there typically isn't a wait to be seated.Food is solid.  I had the grilled chicken salad and enjoyed it. 
The location is great but the service lacks a bit.  Overall, I'd give a B minus or a C.We were late getting out to dinner for my son's 15th birthday, but we were pleasantly surprised by the great service and excellent pizza! Great place to satisfy my son's hunger for pizza on his birthday!Reginelli's continues to slide in quality and taste. As much as I want to support a local business over a national chain, I can't bring myself to spend money at Reginelli's ever again. I only had them today because it was catered. The crust is abysmal: it's tough, dry, little flavor, and ultimately to be avoided at all cost. Their sauce -  which USED to be a highlight - is skimped on to the point where you hardly realize it's still there. 
New Orleans is creaking with pizza places now. I put Reginelli's on the bottom rung. I'd prefer a Papa John's pie over these guys, I'm sorry to say. C'mon guys, you can do better. You used to be really good.. But it's been years since I've enjoyed your pizza.Came to New Orleans for Mardi Gras and stopped by for a quick dinner. Didn't really expect it to be a gourmet NOLA experience.... I was wrong! Did someone say fresh made cheese bread? What? You did? SOOOO GOOOD! Margaret was our server and was super nice and even gave us coozies for Mardi Gras after the meal! Pizza right out of the oven and delicious. Great service, great food! Thanks reginellis and thanks Margaret!Yummy tortellini! Ray was a great server! Loved the relaxing atmosphere and great pricesSo many things went wrong with this place. When we called to place the order we were told it would be delivered within 20mins. My boyfriend and I thought that was extremely quick because of it being after 6pm but figured we just got it before the evening rush. After an hour, we called them back to find out what the problem was with the pizza. We were told that the driver was there but not able to contact us! They said that they would make a FRESH pizza and have it out to us ASAP. Well, here comes 8pm and no pizza. Called again and told it's on the way. Shortly after we hung up, delivery guy called. My boyfriend went and got the pizza and that's when we discovered disappointment. What was suppose to be a fresh pizza was a 2 hour old pizza. It was cold to the touch. Also, the peppers that we had asked on the pizza had actually came off the pizza because it was so cold!!! I can understand a mix up with an order but to no verify the name, address, and phone number to the order before you leave the restaurant, that's just poor work ethics. In fact, I'll put it this way, when we called to find out where the pizza was the second time, we were pretty much blamed for the driver not being able to contact us!!! What the heck!?? I was hoping that we could find a new pizza place to love but sadly, this place is not it. I am adding a picture of the large pizza that was cold. And no, we didn't bother calling again because we didn't want to wait again for anything from this place.Tried to order a pizza for delivery to my hotel and they said they do not deliver to my hotel.  I called my hotel lobby and they verified that Reginelli's always delivers to Bourbon Orleans Hotel.  Needless to say I was not happy, I called another place.Pizza was good. Had their four cheese. Sauce was OK. Crust was a bit tough, but had great flavor.
The highlight was really their $2 pitchers of beer. I've discovered Abita amber and enjoyed it very much with dinner. 
Service was quite mediocre. Our pitchers and glasses ran dry more than once, which is a peeve of mine. It's hard to complain when it's $2 pitchers of decent beer, but it was also a slow night and the wait staff was just standing around in the back.Delish! I had some friends with me and we ordered delivery. The club, the calzone, shrimp Forrest & pesto tortellini were all amazing!!! They did forget the chicken for the tortellini we asked for but they offered to replace it free of charge but we just wanted cheesy sticks haha and they have us those instead again free of charge for Forgetting the chicken. Great food. So Good no one was talking as we ate!Any place that has a ska Saturday gets an A+ in my book.  The food is pretty good too.The pizza was ok, kind of reminded me of dominoes pizza. Girlfriend had the pasta tortellini which was creamy and cheesy. Just ok.The pizza was great. The ingredients were fresh, staff was friendly and the ambiance was pleasant. However, my toddler's pizza was forgotten. I was slightly agitated because she was hungry and wouldn't eat what I had. I wasn't particularly pleased that I would've cold pizza while waiting for my toddler to be served. The good thing was she loved her pizza! I'd easily have given 5 's had they not forgotten my toddler!The Quatro pizza is a favorite, bu they're all great. I also love the salads; a large is more than enough to split between two people for a starter. I've only ever gotten delivery from this location, but it has always arrived much faster than the quoted 45 minutes (from CBD to French Quarter). Make sure you have your credit card and ID handy for the delivery person, b/c they will ask for it.I love that this place is open late, unlike the majority of restaurants in the area.  $2 pitchers don't hurt either.
I've been twice and each time the service was prompt and friendly, and the food was good and a good value.  
Be sure to go on a Monday or Tuesday so you can take advantage of the $2 pitchers of Abita Amber.  Less than $25 for a sandwich, 12 inch pizza, soda, and a pitcher of beer is alright in my book.My friend and I had food from this place 3 times while we were in New Orleans over about 4 days.  We ordered the cheesy bread each time as we were surprised at how delicious it was (like a mini cheese pizza but somehow better).  I enjoyed the caprese salad- it was the perfect combo of cheese, tomatoes and basil.  I know it is pretty easy to  make but for some reason it tasted better here.  We ordered delivery to a nearby hotel on the day there were severe thunderstorms and a tornado watch and the delivery guy came with no issues and a good attitude (which I admire).  This was just a great pizza place and I wish we had one closer to home so I could enjoy it more!Came here after an evening of drinking for some delicious pizza and well... more drinks!
We ordered the cheesy bread, but the waitress brought out bread sticks (we didn't notice) so we ended up with cheesy bread and breadsticks. It was nice of her to call out on the mistake, because none of us noticed since we were so hungry in the first place.
We split three pizzas for the table eight, which was plenty because of the breadsticks, and even had left overs.
The weirdest thing about this location is that they share a bathroom with Johnny Sanchez next door. You have to go into this little hallway and use the bathroom and when you turn around you are like 'oh wow...where didI come from?"I came here in a group of four for a late dinner.  It was not very busy at the time.
I can't speak to anything other than the pizza, but it was very good.  You can tell that the crust is fresh made and it is delicious - crispy and chewy all at the same time.  They have some unusual options for toppings, but they even it out with some classics.  I would return for the pizza.
The service was blah.  We waited a decent amount of time for the waitress to arrive to the table (particularly since there were not many people in our section, or the restaurant as a whole) and it took some effort to track her down for additional drink orders. Once we got her attention, she was quick about bringing food and drinks.  It was not the worst service I've ever had, but it wasn't great.    
Prices are very fair, particularly for beer.  The decor of the restaurant is a bit odd - it has a mod industrial theme which felt a bit weird for a pizza place (not really a huge deal though).5 stars for the Tuesday night $2 beer pitcher special but other than that I'm really not a big fan of the food here.  There are much better pizza, pasta and sandwich options in the city.  I wish I liked the food here better as I really like the $2 beer pitcher special and I would love to support a local chain but I just really like so many other pizza joints so much better I just really never choose this place.  I only ended up at this location as it was one of the few places open during the recent ice storm around where one of my friends lives.  This location is probably about the most modern, hip and trendy of any that they have and I'm not a big fan of modern, hip and trendy most of the time so the ambiance here pretty much goes against my whole grain.  If not for the $2 pitchers of beer I would never have even allowed myself to be dragged inside this joint but hooray and 5 stars for the beer!In a category like pizza, it's very easy to be nothing more than average, and that's exactly what we have here.  It was a quick bite to eat before a concert and it was satisfying, but I doubt I'll ever go back.You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, the kitchen keeps the food consistent and delicious. 
The only problem you will run into is slow service,  it seems every time I go for lunch I wait at least 45 minutes for my food and that is when I order salad and the lunch rush hasn't started ,  make sure you have at least two hours. 
Great food,  slow service,  but I still love it.WORST service in history! Waited 40 minutes and they completely forgot our order! Never go here!Great customer service, great good! Most definitely will come back when again in New Orleans. Loved it!I had a groupon to this place and went there with my son on Monday at 2pm or so and the place was empty. It is high ceiling place with outside eating area. We ordered half shrimp and half sun pie which is sun dried tomatoes, onions, mushrooms and goat cheese pizza. The pizza came in super fast and it was delicious. It hit the spot for sure.Pizza was so delicious, Jason took very good care of us. Had a personalized pizza with pepperoni & ham & beer. Great location, great atmosphere and prices. Was bummed they didn't have wings.Fantastic sandwiches (I never tried the pizza). At different times I tried both the Uptown and the Downtown sandwiches, and they were amazing. The bread was warm and soft, the ingredients tasted very fresh, and overall the flavour was simply amazing. The service was also very quick, whether it was fairly empty or packed.First time here in New Orleans so we tried a pizzeria near our hotel. Service was just okay. They were friendly when we entered but slow at getting our drinks and order which was weird considering there was only a handful of people in the place. I did notice a lot of standing around talking between the workers. We ordered cheese bread which was very good, large pepperoni pizza, and a meatball sandwich. The pizza was good the only thing is that it had a lot of grease on top. The meatball sandwich was a little burnt and the meatballs had no flavor, which was a disappointment.Ordered a pan of Caesar salad with dressing and three large pizzas. The pieces of lettuce in the salad were humongous like an elephant ear. The croutons should've been served on the side as they were soggy sponges by the time we fixed our plates. They did provide ample dressing which we appreciated. The pizza was very good. The entire order was exactly what we ordered and delivered on time.Had the Quattro pizza- Delicious. 
The 'Downtowner' sandwich was excellent. 
The staff was very friendly.
But, I didn't like the meat ball sandwich. 
I definitely will go back and recommend everyone else try it.Came here initially because it was so close to the hotel. Kids and I loved pizza. Got extra marinara sauce on it.Ordered the cauliflower salad with the dressing on the side. It came with the dressing on...too much on. They brought me a fresh one and aren't charging me. Now that's service! Thx y'allGood quality ingredients but the service is very slow waited over an hour for a small pizzaGood food, accommodating with my soy allergy, friendly staff. I visited fitting Mardi Gras and they were still super happy to help. Would definitely go again!Great pizza, got Toms play, smokin chicken and the combo. All great. Crust was perfect.Great addition to the Central Business District! I'm addicted to the Pepperoni Pizza. A simple comfort food classic :)Good pizza, perfecto amount of sauce and cheese. Good Caesar salad. Great location near where we are staying at The Drury.Good pizza and good prices. The caprese was a little odd with the additional cucumberWe got delivery from this place last night, since it was too rainy to venture out to eat. We got our food pretty quickly, probably about 30 minutes after we ordered. I liked the pizza, it was tasty and not too greasy. My wife thought the sauce was too spicy - she has super-sensitive taste buds for spiciness. The bread-sticks were good too, I really liked the dipping sauce that came with them. I would definitely get this again, I just don't know if I can talk my wife into it.I was trying to find something reasonably quick within walking distance of the Arena, as we were going to attend a Hornets game afterwards (9 tickets for $36? Heck yes.) Reginelli's Pizza seemed like a good idea. 
The service was a little slow, so we missed the first couple minutes of the game (oops) but the food was good and our server was friendly. I would normally expect more toppings on a $15 pizza, though. If Bobby B had called them stingy in his review, I would probably agree.
Not a bad place to grab a bite to eat and maybe a drink or two before a Hornets/Pelicans game. It is probably more crowded before a Saints game, so I'm not sure if I would recommend that.Came to this place 2 nights ago with a party of 4. We were greeted and sat down quickly, given our menus to order and they took our drinks fairly quickly. Given that it was our first time there, we went through the menu extensively and waited for the waiter to return to take down our order. After waiting a few more minutes and not seeing our waiter return we flagged down a staff member. Shortly afterwards, had our order taken. The food was great, there's absolutely nothing negative to say about that. However, their service was slow, not very attentive on checking up if we needed anything else. Next time we want great pizza and we're in town, we will just do take out.The pizza is great, but their marinara sauce for the cheese sticks is arguably the worst I've had- period. It's clearly not what they are using on the pizza, so I wish they would just get their act together and throw that in a sauce cup for me instead. Honestly- it's makes me immensely sad how the vast the gulf in quality between one item and the rest of the menu is. The sauce is shit- fix the sauce. I still love you- 143.We ordered delivery and they told us it would take 45 minutes to an hour for the pizza to get here. Already a pretty long time considering the place is just done the street from where we were. Not only did it take almost 2 hours for the pizza to get her but when it finally arrived it was cold. And the pizza wasn't even that good it was average.Deliciously fresh pizza. Delivered right to our hotel room after a long day/night celebrating Mardi Gras.Love their cheese bread at some locations. I get disappointed every time I order from the downtown location. It seems to always be undercooked, once forgetting it altogether in my delivery order, and last time, giving me pizza sauce instead of the delicious red pepper sauce it comes with. That sauce is part of the reason I love it so. Their pizzas are great, especially at the State St. location, and their Avocado and Asparagus salad is my favorite salad in the city. The waitstaff tells me they make the dressing in-house, and I would love the recipe. The food is great when it's on point, when it's made with care. But undercooking cheese bread, and sloppy pizzas make me stick to particular locations only.THE greatest sandwich I have ever had is the Uptowner.  It's soooo great, I haven't ordered anything else there.  Perfection!This was my first time eating Reginelli's pizza and oouuu-weee! was it delicious! I was having a lazy night with the beau and decided to order pizza for delivery. I'm generally a health nut so greasy pizza really isn't my thing, but Reginelli's pizza definitely wasn't your run of the mill pizza hut-type pizza. It wasn't greasy, they didn't skimp on the toppings and it was super aesthetically appealing. 
We ordered a large half classic combo and half smokin' chicken. Both were fantastic.  Also ordered the roasted garlic spread, perfect for those garlic lovers like myself.  
The person who answered the phone was articulate and patient and did not try to rush me off the phone. I was not worried that my order was going to be messed up. I was able to pay and tip with a credit card over the phone. Delivery was prompt (~40 minutes).
I will definitely order from here again the next time my body says eff you gym, I'm gonna have me a fat kid night. :DBest Italian Restaurant near New Orleans Amtrak union station, ever!I just can't get enough of the pizza they produce.  The ingredients are always fresh and the crust is amazing!  You betta werk  reginelli!After a busy, hot week my husband and I decided to order in for dinner. We placed our order on-line, which was quick and easy. They pop up all possible customizations, so you can easily choose what you want included with your food. The food arrived in time with plastic silverware and napkins, which I had been concerned about having forgotten to say we needed them. 
We split an order of garlic knots which were fantastic and a Caesar salad, which was average.  We got two ten inch pizzas-a pepperoni and a caramelized onion pizza as well. The pepperoni was good, average. The caramelized onion pizza was very good. Different than anything I've ever had and really enjoyable. 
We also ordered tiramisu for dessert. It was tasty, but it was strangely presented; almost in balls instead is slices. Very good, but not what I expected.I've never dined IN at this location. I order delivery from this place about once per month, though. If each item was about $1 cheaper, I'd order it more often. That said, I think if you're dining in, their prices are on par. My favorite menu items are the Dream State, Uptowner, and Calzones. My coworkers love the Hot and Cold Trios, the Ancona salad, and they swear by their hummus. All of that's a bit too pricy for me for what you actually get, but it looks great! I'm a die-hard Mona's fan for hummus, but from what I'm told, Reginelli's has a texture that can't be beat. 
I LOVE their avocado and asparagus salad, and even more so I love their ham, pear, & Brie sandwich... alas Brie never holds up well for delivery.
Customer service is always excellent, and delivery is always timely. Honestly every time I order from here I ask myself why I don't do it more often, and then I remember I try my best to stay below $10 for lunch (including tax and tip if I can although it rarely happens), and that's why.  
Great, fresh food- always. Get you some!To give this place a fair review I will say we came here the day of the Saint / Falcons Monday Night Football game. It was jam packed, and from what it sounds like a little understaffed. With that being said. Even the day after Christmas, even with Monday Night Football, they honored the 2$ Abita pitchers. That is worth a positive review in itself.
The pizza was ok. The small is small, the sauce isn't anything worth remembering, but the crust is pretty good. The cheesy bread was good too.
If you're getting over-spiced by cajun food, or just looking for something to ground your stomach or tastebuds, this is a great place to do it.My hubby and I found this little gem by accident while on business. We started out with the Garden Salad which was fresh and tasty. The bleu cheese crumbles in the salad was on point delicious!!! Pizza was delicious! Baked to perfection! My husband and I shared two bottles of Cabernet which was pretty good considering it was not to pricey of a bottle!!! Carrot Cake was scrumptious!!! Our server Brett was friendly and attentive. We thank you Brett!!!! You rocked!!! Very pleasant dining experience!!! We will most definitely return to please our pallets!!!!Not too bad. The girly and her visiting family went a'walking around yesterday and just before coming back, they stopped and got a few pizzas.
They will never be accused of over-flowing their pies with ingredients (I'm not calling them stingy...but I could) but the taste was ok.We love Reginelli's so when we saw one in Nola near the Superdome we knew that was going to be our pre-game grub! Of course it didn't disappoint. They also have a great setup outside to enjoy drinks and music, while you wait for your table! GOOD TIMES!Awesome AND dog friendly! We sat outside with our dog and the service was excellent and the food was fantastic and affordable. It's tough traveling with a dog and we're always looking for dog-friendly places. This place was amazing. Would definitely come back.We were staying in the apartment building upstairs from this restaurant, so we decided to eat there during our vacation. Their decor is very cool and the service was friendly. The food was good--- pasta tasted fresh and well-seasoned, pizza was delicious and you can customize it with all the toppings you like. The meatballs are very tasty! The price is reasonable and the crust was great on the pizza. The salad was nothing special though and we felt the dessert menu was lacking.I was in town for the weekend and had a fantastic meal here.  I had the asparagus and avocado salad with chicken, and my friend had the meatball sandwich.  Both were very tasty!  Plus the meatballs were handmade.  Ted was an awesome server - so was Veronica.  Great service all around.I must say ... I was really impressed with the pizza here considering how spoiled I've been over the last few years living in New Jersey and being surrounded by good pizza.
I went here on a Sunday night before heading to the Saints game and this was one of the few places to stop and eat in the area to begin with. The two bars across the street were packed and were charging covers to get in whereas this place was selling beer and pizza by the slice out front for a very reasonable price. If I remember correctly, Coors Light was going for $3 a bottle and pizza $2-3 per slice.
We didn't realize this until after we went inside and already ordered a pizza, which only took about 20 minutes. This was surprising considering how busy the place was and since they told us the wait for a table would be 45 minutes.
To the tourists staying in/near the French Quarter, try this place if you're going to a Saints game or if you wander into the Business District. Great pizza, fast service, and very reasonable prices.OMG. Best Pizza Ever. At least the Parthenon was. Seriously good.  Artichokes, Roma tomatoes, portabella mushrooms, goat cheese with a garlic herb sauce. Effing awesome. 
Also had the hummus dressed with olives,  red bell peppers, feta and sundried tomatoes.  Side caesar salads completed the meal and it was all great but the pizza was THE best!!!Great staff and fantastic pizza! Great place to watch a game or just hang out! Awesome Happy Hour on Monday and Tuesday- $2 Abita Amber pitchers with the purchase of an entree.
The pizza is fantastic. Fresh ingredients!I first visited this location during my lunch break, but after seeing their phenomenal beer and wine specials, returned after work.  Great outdoor seating to bring pets. I would suggest splitting orders so you can try more of their menu and the servings are large.  Mon & Tues are $2 pitchers of Abita Amber or Bud Light and Wednesdays are $10 bottles of certain wines.  Also, check out their coupons to print on their website before going!!!  Other things that were great: friendly and fast service and the restaurant is SUPER CLEAN which is always a huge plus!Superb pizza- it was quiet at 9pm on Saturday night but service and food were both excellent.Was pleasantly surprised at the quality of food. Excellent Caesar salad and even better pizza. But the service (my wife asked me not to mention her name) was a huge letdown. Inattentive, didn't refill drinks in time and we had to get our own silverwareCame here after the hornets game on route home. Whim. 
The pizza was really quite good. The crust, as Eddie C. points out, is pillowy, and chewy. Almost perfect. Kind of like Home-made Pizza Co.
We had the Chicken/Spinach (Somalita?) and the Shrimp pesto...I think the shrimp pesto, with its mix of pesto sauce, olives, mozzarella, and grated parmesan, was definitely bomb. The other one was also quite enjoyable.
Oh, did I mention that there are $2 pitchers of Abita? Yeah we got pretty buzzed...Finished 1.5 pitchers between the 2 of us over the course of dinner. 
Service was fast, not the friendliest of servers, but nevertheless good. Clean venue.Omgosh this was so good. I was not expecting this to be so delicious. We started with cheese bread and marinara, and I really expected the same old cheese bread you tend to get, but this had so much flavor, and the crust was the best.   Our pizzas were also good- not too much sauce or cheese.  We all wished we had eaten there earlier in our trip so that we could eat there again. Because we had so much fun, I'll bet we make this trip again.just got back from touring NOLA and it began to pour buckets of rain; we did not feel like walking during thunder and rain; so we order delivery pizza and salad from Reginelli's pizzeria, I had viewed the menu on my phone and order anti pasta salad & pizza with Andouille sausage with artichoke hearts. It was 14 inch pizza which was too much food with the  pasta salad, but it was yummy and fresh. highly recommend for delivery at your hotel if the weather is  bad.Near our hotel we got delivery from here twice and both times were quick and fantastic. The Muffeleta was astounding. The salad had a bit too much cheese for my wife, but I liked it. The pizza (just a cheese for the kids) was tasty. All around good stuff. We got that muffeleta twice.I don't know where to begin to describe how awful this restaurant is. We had a reservation made weeks in advance for 30+ people. From the very beginning they were not at all prepared for us. Let me list the issues:
About 5-6 people at our table were not given plates. 
Another 5 people didn't get cutlery or napkins. 
When we asked for plates and cutlery for our guests, they brought out paper plates and plastic cutlery!
We ordered several bottles of wine, but they didn't have enough wine glasses. 
The pizza was the only food served hot. 
The artichoke dip was cold and tasteless. 
The  salad was served in one large, aluminum foil lasagna tray ... c'mon man!
The two kinds of tortellini pasta were served Luke warm which made them inedible. 
The bread pudding was very good but was served in very small servings in disposable aluminum dishes  
And ... here's the best part ... the restrooms are "under construction" so they closed the women's restroom and made the men's restroom coed!  I went into the men's room and it was a filthy pig sty! 
I don't know how this place could possibly pass a health inspection.
Absolutely awfulI did not try the pizza, I did however have The "Uptowner" sandwich and it was delicious!!!! It had turkey, avocado, sprouts, and other amazing things inside of it. They also use a spicy relish type sauce inside of it that is very good!!
The order was for delivery and they brought it relatively quickly.I was in town for Mardi Gras, and on a very cold Fat Tuesday, I decided to get something to eat, you ask me why this place, close to my Hotel, and I had going to there Houston, Texas location which is now closed 
When I step in the place it was small I expected more. I order a Caesar salad and pepperoni, red onion and green olives.
The salad was lifeless, void of enough dressing and taste. The pizza was even worse, Come on folks skimp on the pepperoni, The meal was very underwhelming 
They get 2 stars because the service was adequate.  I cannot go back and I am surprised by the reviews.Came here for dinner because it was close to our hotel. The pizza was just okay and the service was lacking. Pizza had good plentiful toppings, but the crust was bland. The place was not busy and our waitress ignored us for long periods and she put the pizza on our table and just walked off. We had to wave at her to get her attention to ask for marinara to deal with the bland crust.The pizza was delicious and the service was superb! We got the classic combo and it was so fresh.  The peepers,  olives, and mushrooms all were bright and flavorful. The Italian sausage and pepperoni was plentiful and so tasty I'll Def be back!A little overpriced, you're  definitely paying for the atmosphere more then the food. The pizza was not bad, the dough was a little too chewy and the sauce to cheese ratio was a little off (needed more sauce). There is nothing extraordinary about these  pizzas... the descriptions on the menu makes them sound fantastic, but were extremely disappointing once you got your food. I wish someone would have spent as much time perfecting the recipes as they did working on the descriptions on the menu.  
The servers are extremely friendly, but kinda forgot about us once we got our food. If they had been a little more attentive and paid as much attention to us as they were to their personal conversations, I would have said the service was excellent. All in all, not a bad dining experience, but the food could use some work.So I can't give this place 5 stars because they have no ranch. I could understand if they offered pizza only but they have salads. It's just a staple with pizza for many people and three of our four guests were bummed about it. I had the margarita pizza. Dining guests had calzone, pesto pasta and another sausage and pepperoni pizza. Food was good but I had about two pieces of pizza that had no cheese and barely any sauce/basil. The sausage/pepperoni pizza was very good with adequate toppings. Prices and service were decent.The Veggie Reggie is easily one of the best pizzas I've ever had. I've had it twice since coming to town for a short visit, and I'm pretty sure I'm going to have it a third time. The Quattro is fantastic, too. The staff was super friendly and accommodating of our toddler. Great family friendly place with delicious pizza.Reginelli's disappoints me sometimes. Their menu is not varied enough. It seems like it's just the same ten ingredients combined in different ways.  If you're a vegetarian, you'll be pleased, but most meat-eaters will not be satisfied with only chicken, shrimp, or meatball options. The sandwich descriptions sound more like salads that happen to be served on bread, so I've been hesitant to try.
What really turned me off on my last visit was the Porta New Orleans appetizer. Normally, it's pretty much the only thing I like on the menu...a savory, tender mushroom cap (I think sauteed in garlic and olive oil?) topped with bacon and shredded cheese, and baked in a puff pastry. Well, on my last visit, the mushroom was RAW, and flavorless to boot. If it weren't for the pancetta, it would have had zero flavor.
I didn't want to send it back because there were several large tables of customers and they were slammed. That's probably why it was undercooked in the first place. So I ate it just to have fuel in my body, but I did not enjoy it at all. The tomato basil soup was a disappointment too. Way too thick, and it came out lukewarm. They need to get a recipe from St. Lawrence Restaurant or Vine and Dine.
I don't like the limited pasta options (only one type of pasta - tortellini - is available. No lasagna, penne or angel hair to be found.
The pizza is okay. Not really a fan.I had pizza on the brain while in New Orleans. Fortunately I found that this resturant had good reviews. I am pleased to say that I agree with rating that has been given so far. I really enjoyed the two we ordered, compliments to the cook. I am sure that this won't be the last time I visit and again thanks for a great dining experience.Overall good experience. Waiter was nice but not the fastest. Took a while to get pizza - some who arrived after us received food before we did. That said, the pizza was really good. Again, overall it was good.This was by far the best pizza I have ever had!!  And I am picky!!  Do yourself a favor and try this place.  The gumbo pizza is a MUST!!!!Great pizza. Had the hummus appetizer and it was very tasty. The roasted red peppers were sweet and right on the money.Let's hear it for this delicious and prompt delivery spot--they made a believer out of this skeptical New Yorker.
Service was quick and friendly. 
The food was very craveable. Loved the cheese sticks with fresh herbs. The roasted garlic dip is a must-try and the spinach artichoke dip is the best I've had.We got pizza delivered because every restaurant was fully booked for the rest of the night. It was very yummy! We got the spinach and artichoke dip and that was delicious!! We also got the classic combo and fresconon without tomatoes. Both were really good! I was surprised they didn't have ranch though... overall, food was great and reasonably priced!This is a great lunch spot, the menu offers more than just pizza. The salads are great and there are some great offerings for vegitarians. Highly reccomend. Try the hummus taco....yum yumVisiting from out of town. Ordered online for pickup. Great service, friendly staff, reasonable prices and great food. Place was very clean. Definitely recommend.So incredibly slow. We waited for almost 90 minutes for food. Still waiting......... probably not worth the wait either, I'll update!
UPDATE:
The marketing manager came out and apologized and comped the meal which is great, however, she was the only one who apologized or acted like there was an issue. Thank you so much for the very sweet marketing manager!! The rest of the waitstaff needs a lesson in being courteous. Hope they figure out the kitchen because the food was pretty good!Cold trio - garlicky hummus for the win!  Hot trio - Get this only if you *adore* garlic. That savory spread is pure roasted garlic love. Porta New Orleans looks like a piece of sicilian pizza, but the flaky crust is so delicate. Om nom nom. I'm getting full and haven't even eaten half of what I got! Saved the Baked Brie Calzone for dessert. Interesting. It's like a snooty cheesy hot pocket. Not bad, they left the wax on. Are chutneys supposed to be salty? 'Cause this dried fruit one is. I could live without it. It would probably taste better on a turkey sandwich than with the brie. Saving the quattro pizza for later. Tasted a tiny bit of the bubbled over cheese, and yum. I can only say one bad thing...their pizza cutting skills need work - symmetrically speaking. Maybe they were just really busy? (got delivery, so who knows!)  Good thing I don't have to worry about sharing the pizza :)For a good dining value just outside the Quarter, and a really good pizza, take a short walk Uptown to this restaurant.  
The service here is beyond reproach.  They are attentive, accommodating, and fast.  The prices are very fair, and lower than prices on the other side of Canal Street.  And, if that weren't enough, the pizza is great!  We loved that they had the crushed red pepper right on the table, and the Parmesan cheese is "real," not "cellulose."  
People pay good money to come to New Orleans to eat.  This is a great place to get a good meal at a good price.  Even when it is busy, it is still "quieter" than anything in the French Quarter, and a much better overall value.went with a big group, food was good, but took them a long time to get our orders straighten up.. would recommend going with a small group or just a fun dateDecided to try Reginell's since it was close to my hotel, The Hyatt House.  And...you can't eat seafood every meal when you visit New Orleans, can you?
Got there at 5:45 pm and they had pints for $3 until 6:00 pm and small pizzas for only $7.  I got a pizza with sausage, pepperoni, bell pepper and mushrooms and two pints of beer for only $14.50/$18.00!  It was all very good.   Was not sure a small would be enough pizza, but it was.  Will definitely come back on my next visit.
The only downside was already mentioned on the other reviews.  Although they were not very busy, it took 30 minutes to get my pizza where most places can make one in 10-12 minutes.My last night in New Orleans for work, I decided to order delivery. Combed Yelp for ideas and landed here because of the reviews. I must say I wasn't disappointed. I ordered the smallest pizza, light sauce with extra cheese and ham. The estimated delivery time was 45 minutes but arrived in less than 30. The delivery guy called when he was in the lobby and I came down to meet him. The pizza box was HOT to the touch and my Dr.Pepper was still cold. The pizza was delicious !! Perfect crust, perfect toppings and light sauce just as I requested!!!  I will absolutely order from them again next time I'm in town! Oh and, I ordered online. It was a super simple process!Went there with my mom while visiting NOLA to watch the pelicans vs Rockets game ( go rockets) amazing place and the staff are nice and friendly. I got the Chicken pizza and it was absolutely DELICIOUS 10/10 recommendationsThe review for this place says it all. As soon as you walk in the door, they advertise "The Perfect Pizza". Well, if you are in the mood for good Italian Garlic Knots which are garlic bread balls for those who don't know and authentic sauce, eat here. Plus, the Cheese Pizza is incredible to pair with the Garlic Knots. Think of the top layer of cheese from an authentic Lasagna and put it with authentic tomato sauce on a thin pizza crust . That's what this place offers.After our second trip, I have to say this place is pretty good. We are a pizza family. We love our pizza. After trying a couple different places in New Orleans, we have decided this is our favorite based upon the taste, quality and service. This place is never really busy when we come in, which is a bonus. Would highly recommend.Went to the zoo and wanted pizza after and this place caught our eye. The pizza is delicious you guys. I had the smoking chicken with barbecue red onions and green onions and pasta. So mouth watering. Definitely would eat here again.Good pie and a fun place for the kids. They get to make their own pizza at the table. The garlic knots are great and are accompanied by their marinara sauce. The marinara is so good I asked for another cup to use with my pizza crusts.