Remoulades is great for getting good and well priced food on Bourbon. My husband and I usually go when friends are in town who want to stay on bourbon street. The food is good, and I have enjoyed many dishes from this kitchen. 
The jambalaya is tasty and you can definitely split most of these plates because they are very large. 
They have many Cajun food options that will leave you satisfied. 
The staff has always been friendly and the wait time is nothing. You receive your food in a timely manner. 
The food is not high quality but like I said it's good, not great. I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you're looking for a nice meal in the hustle and bustle of bourbon street.Simply gross. My stuffed crab came cold. My mixed green salad came out with of a plate of ranch. I love extra ranch but this was overwhelming. My friends cheeseburger did not taste fresh and the bun was stale. The waiter seemed frazzled and it wasn't very busy at all. Had to ask him for our salads and condiments. I couldn't wait to get out of here. (I had to hop out of bed three times too.)We had a dozen oysters, ataste of Louisiana, and an order of redbeans and rice...the only thing I enjoyed was the Crawfish cake and the Oysters.
Service was great, but for the price the food should have been a lot better. If you are NOT interested in authentic knock your sox off flavour of cajun food then eat here.This was the first place my wife and I ate on our recent trip to New Orleans. That day they were fantastic. The staff was very friendly, my wife had a friend oyster po-boy with onion rings, I had a friend shrimp po-boy with crab boiled new potatoes and it was all fantastic and perfectly seasoned and the onion rings were some of the best my wife and I had ever had.
We loved it so much that we wanted our last meal in New Orleans to be there. Oops.
I again got the fried shrimp po-boy. The shrimp were undercooked and unseasoned. My wife ordered a mufellata and was happy with it. We both ordered onion rings and we got an order of onion rings and an order of fries and the staff member we told about the mistake did nothing about it and we didn't have time mess with it.
So if you are going to eat here do it in the evening/night. Do not go right after they open because that staff isn't very friendly and the kitchen apparently only knows the basics of cookings.OMG I loved the blackened Catfish and red potatoes and the crab cakes. My waiter was amazing and hilarious..Well.....we were greeted by a sleeping host. Yes, he was sleeping. If we had not had a groupon ($20 for $40) for this place we would have turned around immediately. They sat us at a table that was under a vent and it was dripping on us the entire time. The couple next to us asked their server to split checks and they said they were unable to do this (what year is it?) We laughed with the couple next to us the entire time watching the hostess/cashier sleep while eating our meals. The bartender/manager was right across the restaurant so there is no way that he did not know he was sleeping. This does not say anything about Arnaud's and they should actually be embarrassed to have their name on this restaurant.  We ordered nachos, which were OK. For entrees we ordered the soft-shelled crab po-boy and stuffed crab. The po-boy was disgusting and I ended up taking the meat off and just eating the bread with the Remolaude sauce. The stuffed crab was just OK. We will never return to this restaurant again and advise people to stay away. Just proves that you should not eat on Bourbon Street. TOURIST TRAP. 
One other side note...ordered a hurricane and it was the worst drink I have ever had. Tasted like they used generic juice and didn't put any alcohol.Incredibly friendly service. We really enjoyed our server, Zakiya. We chose the nachos for a quick bite to eat and were pleasantly surprised by the amount of sausage and red beans . Extremely tasty and the drinks were incredible.  This is definitely on our list to come back. The atmosphere was very festive and a beautiful dining room.Awful food. Jumbalaya tasted like minute rice and ketchup. Portion was also tiny for $12.95. Cold bread and butter. My husband enjoyed their pecan pie, otherwise I would have scored them one star. Very misleading  to tourists who are counting  on the Arnaud's affiliation to ensure quality!One of mine and my husband's favorite quick stops in the French Quarter.
If you want the same wonderful food that you would get at Arnaud's but at half the price, this is an excellent place to stop!  (They actually share the same kitchen)
Delicious ice cold oysters and BBQ shrimp to die for!!
All the wonderfulness of an expensive restaurant in a very relaxed and laid back atmosphere.we chose to eat at remoulade's on our last night in nola.  we selected it over arnaud's because we wanted a more casual atmosphere.  i suspect that they share a kitchen, so it's definitely worth it if you want to save some $$$.  for example, the gumbo at remoulade's was $5.50 versus $7.95 at arnauds.  
anyway, the place is cute enough but the food was just not that good.  we ordered the gumbo, shrimp bisque and boiled fresh shrimp.  the soups were served lukewarm and the shrimp were smaller than expected.  for my entree, i ordered the jumbalaya and my fiance ordered the shrimp creole.  my jumbalaya tasted more like tomato sauce... actually, so did the creole.  maybe that's more authentic than the jumbalaya i've had outside of nola?
next time, i would try one of the other restaurants in that area or arnaud's.Fun place to grab lunch and the Shrimp Po Boy is pretty phenomenal.The Crawfish meat pie was tasty.
Service was close to non existent. Had to ask her for everything and she was either confused as to why we were asking for one refill on an ice tea or why we might need flatware.  Hopefully she was new to the profession and just not properly trained. 
Also, they have limited bar drink options.Before leaving NOLA I still has not eaten étouffée yet.  Caddy corner to Hotel Mazarin, we were warmly greeted.  Nice jazz music plays overhead and not too loudly. Cute place and not fancy.  Bourdin was delicious.  The crawfish étouffée was delicious.  Pecan pie was good because not too sweet along one to taste the pecans. Why haven't I had étouffée before?!  Creamy, slightly spicy and not too salty, it was a perfect farewell to NOLARemoulade was the perfect location for my dad's 80th birthday lunch. Our group of 16 celebrated with great food and extraordinary service. We couldn't have asked for a better experienceThe service was great! It all came out in a timely manner, Our waitress was wonderful and they were all very pleasant. I had the sampler of crawfish pie, jambalaya, and shrimp étouffée. The crawfish pie was amazing, jambalaya good, and by the time I got to the étouffée I was full! We also tried the shrimp bisque which was good.This place was eh ok. For the first time in New Orleans trying Cajun food I was not that impressed.Not bad. I kind of expected worse. The Bayou Self was refreshing, if not a bit too sweet. The sazerac was delicious- the absinthe was just right. She had the blue cheese burger and I had the Toscana pizza. Her burger was good. The fries were super skinny and crisp (think McDonalds). My pizza was served on and 8" crispy crust. I enjoyed it, but felt it could've used the acidity of additional marinara or tomato sauce. Overall, good meal. The server was attentive, a little brusque but passed with a push. Best part: food served late.What an experience.  The stuffed crab was delicious, the Red Beans and rice were tasty, the shrimp was yummy and the specialty drinks perfectly represented New Orleans.  Ben. This man was perfect. Everyone at our table adored his sense of humor and appreciated his recommendations.  Go!  You will love it!I had the po-boy and my bf had the jambalaya, both to go. The fish was decent but nothing crazy. The jambalaya was subpar at best. Many of the tourist attractions food places are not good simply bc they think tourist don't know any better and they can serve whatever. 2 stars bc the staff was really nice.Unfortunately, the Green Goddess was closed so we happened upon this place.  I'm surprised Arnaud's places their name on this travesty of a bar/restaurant located in downtown New Orleans.  While Remoulade delivered on their BBQ shrimp (a nice, spicy blend with tender, plump shrimp), the remainder of their offerings were paltry at best.  
The crawfish etouffee was a watery mess of bland spices and small, hardened coils of crawfish.  While the turtle soup had a nice swirl of sherry, the salt content was overboard.  I would like to never revisit the crunchy topping on the stuffed crabs.  Service was a bit spotty.  The complimentary bread added nothing to the meal.  
New Orleans is a culinary town.  In this city, I expect a whole lot more out of a meal.  While it probably would bode well for the happenstance tourist looking for a casual meal and a beer, it misses as far as everyone else is concerned.  There are tons of places to eat in New Orleans; this should not be on your list.Keep on walking, don't eat here. Oysters are ok, but as long as oysters are fresh, it can't be too bad. I ordered crawfish étouffée, it was not seasoned well. portion size was barely an app size. rice was hard, raw in the middle, dried on the outside. My husband got jambalaya. It was a disaster. I felt like I need yell at the cook's face: JAMBALAYA is NOT TOMATO RICE STEW!!!!!!!  Keep on walking, I'm serious.Wandered in to this establishment. What a nice surprise. Lloyd was shucking oysters. This man will take care of your need to have oysters. Nice, quiet and friendly. If you are jonesing for oysters come here. Fresh, delicious and fast.Not the best meal we had on vacation... but it was not terrible either.  It is a good location to soak up some of the alcohol you consume on bourbon though.
Moderately priced food, staff was nice, nice layout, and my po boy was pretty darn tasty.  I thought the Jambalaya could've been a bigger portion for what you pay for.Good food for a great price.  My friends and I stopped in there several times.  We've had crawfish pies, nachos, and cheeseburgers.  All of our servers were nice and very informative.If I could give 2.5 stars I would, but I generously rounded up...
Food was OK. Had a shrimp po' boy that was generous in size and did not skimp on fillings but tasted pretty average.
Service was lacking. As soon as he took the drink order and realized we would not be running up a bar tab (we got sodas), our waiter had a distinct shift in attitude and hustle. Checked on us once during the meal when we were almost finished eating and seemed like he was rushed although the restaurant was nearly empty at 3 in the afternoon.
One note - they do charge for soda refills and the glasses are small. I guess that's one way to get the ticket amounts up when people are not drinking alcohol...Booooring. We went here while we were cruising the quarter because it was our second to last day and other people kept telling us to try Arnauds. Well Arnauds is closed for lunch, and this is an Arnauds restaurant so we thought it'd be good. Nope.
I will admit, I liked the boudin ok, but my husband complained that his jambalaya was so hot that he couldn't enjoy it (and he LOVES spicy), and I've had better shrimp poboys in San Francisco... Anywhere else in the world, actually.
Skip this place, it's no bueno!This place is still great - still the best turtle soup I've had in the NOLA area.  
I had the taste of the Bayou again, and everything was perfect.  The service was a little strange this time tho - so minus a star for it not being as stellar as it was last time.
PS - the oysters were tasty!  Fresh!  Great cocktail sauce!  super YUM.Even though it's restaurant week in New Orleans, we decided to swing past since it's sister restaurant, Armand's, had a dress code and we refused to look fancy in the French Quarter. 
So here's why it got 3 stars:
The wait staff was really nice and attentive which was surprising since it was so packed! But the food wasn't mind blowing. 
The waiter brought us our drinks and a basket of bread while we decided on our food. Typical Coke products but the bread was so the opposite of what a baguette should smell and taste like, we didn't even touch it. And since we aren't here for the bread (or at least a basket of bread) I'll forgive them for that as the restaurant was quite packed. 
And so we first ordered seafood gumbo, which tasted great, but the serving size was equivalent to a kid's soup and for 7$ that's just not cool. 
Now the Po'Boy. I ordered crab and my boyfriend ordered catfish about $15 each. Both were fried to perfection, but there was so, so, so much bread that it took away from the sandwich. I mean why order a Po'Boy when all you get is a piece of fish, lettuce, and tomato suffocated (literally) by a gigantic piece of French bread? 
Like I mentioned before the food prices were  good, just not impressive, so I'll probably not return but who knows, maybe we caught them on a rough day?Our experience at Roumalde was well below satisfactory. We are usually easy to please but everything about Roumalde was a let down. From mediocre service to flavorless food I would not recommend Roumalde to anyone in a city with so many superior choices.This place looks generic and like the food would be just so-so but it was great! We went here twice. The wait staff was so friendly each time! On our first visit I got the shrimp bisque and my husband got the seafood gumbo. Both were really good! We got a jambalaya to share but I didn't care for it. Not their fault, I didn't realize it would have so many peppers and onions, which I don't like. 
On our second visit which was on our last day we wanted to try a po boy which we hadn't down yet. OMG it was so good! And bread was so fresh! Ashley waited on us this visit and she was great! I wasn't sure what I wanted to drink and she said they could make anything. I had a martini and it was the best one I had all week! When my husband commented on another diners meal (he said it looked good and asked what it was) she brought him out a sample of the sauce. Then he asked if she had ever tried turtle soup (nope!) and said he was apprehensive she went and brought him a sample of that too! So that way he got to try it without spending $10 on something he may not like. He said it tasted like chili but would never have been able to eat a whole bowl. I thought that was a very nice thing she did and she was a lot of fun to talk to. We'd go back just to see Ashley!Don't waste your money, if you are visiting NOLA!  We had the jambalaya & etouffe and both were TERRIBLE.  I think I've had better rice-a-roni.  Go across the street to Felix'sIf there was an option for zero stars I would give this restaurant just that. It was our first time in New Orleans and we stopped at this place for dinner. The interior of the restaurant and bar looked sophisticated and nice compared to the other restaurants we passed by. We ordered nachos, grilled chicken breast, burgers and garlic bread. The nachos looked like the cheapest and most unattractive nachos I've ever had. The chicken breast was still pink when it was brought to the table, and when we told them, they placed the same chicken breast on the grill and it was burnt and ridiculously salty. The burgers were burnt and dry, as if you can taste the grill. And if you're going to have garlic bread on the menu, please make sure it tastes like garlic and not just cheese on bread. I also asked the server for a "strong" drink and the one she recommended tastes like fruit juice. Most of the error here was from the kitchen but we will not be coming back.Terrible service because the waitress was more interested in her phone than her customers. Had to get our own refills.  Waited over 30 minutes for a poboy ---got up and left.  It's on bourbon street but every other restaurant there was so much better for food and service.Friendly staff.  Great oysters.  The BBQ shrimp was so-so.  Fair prices for Bourbon St.  If you don't want to wait in line for 2 hours for Acme, this is a decent choice.The food was pretty decent. It was kind of pricey for what we ordered, but I guess if you're  on bourbon street all of the restaurants pricing is a little higher. The raw oysters were delicious!! If you go during happy hour, it's $1 oysters!Great food, fantastic service, & awesome prices! Very clean & neat too!Omg amazing!!! It's the first little spot we walked in and everything we ordered is just hands-down so good. Charbroiled oysters shrimp Po boy cheese fried sausage Po boy coleslaw muFalletta I recommend all of itOf all the restaurants we went to in New Orleans, I'd saw that Remoulade was by far our least favorite.  The restaurant was casual and relaxed as promised on their website, but the chef may have been too relaxed to care about the taste of the food that came out of the kitchen.  There were six of us and no one even tried to finish their meal or get their leftovers wrapped up.  I only tried two of the six items we collectively ordered but the crawfish étouffée lacked flavor and was too watery to fit the "hearty" description on the menu and the pizza was far from gourmet.  With all the choices New Orleans has to offer, I'm bummed that we wasted a meal here.Went here for dinner. Loved it. I had the "taste of New Orleans" and I enjoyed every bit of it. My boyfriend who isn't big on trying new things also had it and loved it! It wasn't super busy for a Monday around 5:45pm as we were seated very quickly. All of the staff was very attentive and the food was well seasoned and flavorful.
The portion sizes were also good. I would definitely recommend this place to others and will put this is on my list of places to visit again.Got late night oysters and a soft shell crab Poboy. Both were delicious. I sat at the oyster bar and has great service and conversation from the shucker. Their Bloody Mary was amazing, too.We stopped in for a late snack , I had a P.O.'boy n my wife had the staple burger. It was one of the best po'boys I've ever had, even in New Orleans, and the burger rivals the best in Texas. The brownie was like the icing on the cake. Get more than one, more than two if you have company. We will definitely be back.Lunch with the stuffed crab, rice and beans and gumbo. Not a lot of seasoning but good food. If you want spicy and hot this dish is not for you.  The staff was wonderful and very polite and efficient. Good meal just not great.Food cold and bland.  Service was inattentive and the bartender could not even make a maker's mark and ginger ale (left out the bourbon on 2 drinks).  My dining experience was a heck of a lot better after going to Coops.  I ordered basic beans and rice with sausage and it was cold as the waiters personality.Service was very good,but the food was disappointing.I had the rice and beans,the beans were like canned with a little seasoning and the sausage was the kind in the plastic wrapper at the grocery store.The jambalaya that my wife had was plain and tasteless .we Had Cajun egg rolls that were good.Hey this is Nawlins king of food, they need to kick it up a notch.Please send the Remoulade folks to Guantanamo Bay! 
You know what they did? Well read the confession below. 
____________________________         
   |  |             |  |                 |  |           |  |   
   |  |             |  |                 |  |           |  |     
   |  |             |  |  _(((___  |  |           |  |  
   |  |             |  |   _     _     |  |           |  |       " I AM GUILTY OF SERVING A
   |  |            /|  |   o      o    |  |\          |  |         MEDIOCRE SPANISH RICE 
   |  |            \|  |       u        |  |/          |  |          FOR JAMBALAYA "     
   |  |             |  |      -=-      |  |           |  |
   |  |             |  |  \____ /   |  |           |  |   
   |  |        __|  |_ )       ( _ |  |__       |  |
   |  |      /      |  |                  |  |     \     |  |   
   |  |    /        |  |                  |  |      \    |  | 
   |  |  ( ___(|  |)                (|  |)__ )  |  |    
   |  |             |  |                  |  |           |  |    
_  |  |_____ |  |_______  |  |____ |  |    
===========================
Just because they are on Bourban doesn't mean that I am gonna let them get away with that crime.This was the 1st place we went to on our trip, thank God we found better places to dine after this.  I had a shrimp po-boy the shrimp had no flavor and the bread was on the stale side.  My hubby had the sampler and that was ok but you can get better quality in a lot of other places.My travel companion has never tried oysters, so their oyster appetizer sampler was a great choice. We also had the stuffed crab, which was yummy too. 
All served with some fresh French bread.We ordered the homemade onion rings as an appetizer it lacked flavor . Entrees fried catfish once again no flavor. Shrimp creole was just shrimp in tomato sauce. Tomato sauce tasted straight from can no herbs and spicesI don't know what these negative reviews are about. Our server Darrius was extremely friendly and constantly made sure we were having a great experience. I decided to order the hurricane in New Orleans fashion and it went down way too easily. We order the New Orleans Nachos which were AMAZING. Highly recommend! You can see the cooks making your food like 10 feet away from you which is very neat. We then moved on to the half dozen oysters. They're not east coast oysters but they were still pretty good. Next, jambalaya, crawfish pie, gumbo, and a mad dog. Let's just say, we can't breathe because our stomachs are so full and happy. Everything had great flavor and the portion sizes fit perfectly with the costs. Highly recommend if you don't want the fine dining of Arnauds but still want the great food and service.Came here with the family on vacation. The food was good but the value is not reflected in the price. Ordered burgers for the kids and for $9.50 you would think fries would be included, nope an additional $3.25 for that.
I had the blackened catfish and for $14.25 I got 2 red potatoes cut in half and an over seasoned pice of catfish. No rice, etc.... To go along with it. 
The service was good and friendly but I would not come here again. $56 before tip for 4 people drinking waterThe stuffed crabs are great. Nice spice few fillers. You get a good dish for $14. We are touring around checking them out. Good stuff. CasualIt isn't the best food in NOLA but it is good for Bourbon Street.
Being right on bourbon you have to expect that the crowd is going to be drunk. Once you accept that, it's a much more pleasant experience.
The food is tasty and the portions are huge, even the oysters are some of the largest I have ever seen.
Service is fine but just very slow so be prepared to flag down your waitress for everything you need.
Otherwise, not a bad experience, but not the WOW factor either.Ok - obviously this is a tourist trap.  However I was STARVING by the time I got to my hotel that I just really needed some food.  So my GF and I ducked in here.
1st of all, if you are into craft beers I hope you like Abita because they have the French Quarter on LOCK! For me, it was exactly what I needed after spending 7+ hours trying to get here from Richmond.
I started with the raw oysters.  SO GOOD.  If you just want some raw oysters I would stop by here instead of waiting in that long line for Acme.  They all come from the same place and we never saw a line here in the 3 days we spent in NOLA.
Now the not so good.  The Crawfish Étouffée while good, seemed to be an amazingly small portion from $12.95.  I am not expecting a mountain of food (even though that is what Deja Vu delivered time after time) but the order comes in a deceptively flat bottom bowl with your rice mounded in the middle.  I would not order this again.
In the end - come for the beer and oysters.  Eat your food somewhere else.The place was very nicely appointed, but the food was disappointing here. Boudin, not very good or fresh tasting. Mufaletta sandwich was very bland and served like a club. The Cajun eggrolls were watery. The service was good. We would not return.Slow. Oysters cooked have little to no flavor. Took 30 mins to get my appetizer. I'll go to ACME next timeFirst meal in New Orleans after flying in on vacation.  We wanted a place that didn't require reservations and was near our hotel.  Remoulade was perfect.  We were seated immediately.  I had the blackened catfish, my wife had the Natchitoches meat pies.  Both of us had small salads - Caesar and mixed greens.  Everything was delicious - catfish was very spicy but fresh and properly cooked.  Service was great.  All for $72 including 3 glasses of wine and the tip.Très bon service, repas cajun délicieux.  Dans une même assiette j'avais de petites  portions de différents mets cajuns.Had the Taste of Louisiana entree which included turtle soup, natchieldes pie, & crawfish etouffee. All very yummy! Hubble had crawfish pies with fries..also yummy! We could not finish it even tho we wanted to. All for $40 included tip. Server Michael was so helpful & friendly. If you aren't looking for fancied up tourist places, go here for great food!Remoulade was the first bit of New Orleans dining I experienced, and for that reason I have a very sentimental attachment.  Remoulade was right next to the cafe beignet,and seemed an easy place to stop in for a quick bite.  I came in with a large group of people, and we were accommodated very well.  Our waitress was lovely too, and have us great recommendations on what to do in the city.  
I would recommend Remoulade for their bar type food.  Their wings were awesome, and I also loved the New Orleans egg rolls.  I ordered a cat fish po boy, and after dousing it with Tabasco sauce it was delicious.  I expected a New Orleans sandwich to have a little more kick to it on its own, but I guess they are just trying to appeal tot the tourist masses.
My only gripe was the beer selection...I was forced to drink crappy Bud because they didn't carry Miller.  Oh well.  However for a quick bite to eat on Bourbon Street I would recommendHad grilled/broiled oysters, while they were good, they were very small.  I know oysters shrink when cooked but these were the smallest we had anywhere in the French Quarter.  Anyways Mariah made a great drink and was a great conversationist.  We really enjoyed talking with her and she was very knowledgable about where to go and what to see. She even gave us a small taste of the turtle soup( we were to full to have any) and it was FANTASTIC! We returned another night and had soup and a basket of bread.  While we were hoping to see Mariah again we instead were lucky to have Mathew bartending and again he was very engaging and knowledgable.  We enjoyed both bartenders and the food very much.  Would definitely returnHubby and I hit Remoulade for drinks and snacks every time we're in New Orleans. It is very casual - almost reminiscent of an old diner but very comfortable, especially when you are trying to get out of the heat. 
A couple of our favorites include the shrimp remoulade and the homemade boudin. I don't know what Louisiana does to their shrimp but they are amazingly tender and super flavorful. The remoulade sauce is bottled under the Arnaud's name which just so happens to be their sister company. You can even buy bottles of it to bring back home and enjoy! The boudin is awesome. Hot and full of flavor. I love the crackers and mustard they serve it with. 
Their hurricanes and assorted punches are deliciously potent and the service is pretty good overall. I don't know if I'd necessarily go here for dinner but I suppose you could. They have a full menu but whenever we hit up Remoulade we're mostly interested in the small bites and libations. The food comes out pretty fast which makes this a great snack stop while on Bourbon.Decent food at decent prices. Not a full bar though. Owner refuses to stock anything people mat "shoot". Lose stars for no Jameson....Fresh oysters! Service was good, my husband had the Louisiana special and ate all of it! (He's a picky eater) I ordered the wings thinking it was gonna be something special... It wasn't; just fried chicken wings. Wish I had gotten the bbq shrimp. that looked good. I would go again just to try the shrimp. Alex was very attentive and kind as a server.Ate here for lunch on a Thursday.  I got the turtle soup and the remoulade burger.  The soup was way too salty and this is coming from a guy that loves some salt.  The burger was good and cooked the way I ordered it and the remoulade was a nice touch.  A couple of coworkers got the jambalaya and were not impressed.  All the food was reasonably priced.  I wouldn't put this place on my best of New Orleans list, but I think I'd go again.Remoulade was okay for a quick lunch their apps were GREAT. I got fried pickles and they were great; two of my friends got chicken and sausage gumbo and it was AWESOME!!! I got the ham and Swiss pi-boy and it was okay. The bread was super thick and the sandwich was a little dry it was a basic sandwich so it was fine. The service was great!I was in NOLA for a business trip and wanted good cajun food. The group I was with recommended Armand's & we went there but were told it a collared shirt was required so we went to Remoulade which has the same food but cheaper. The atmosphere was very casual and chill. Great restaurant for bigger groups or a casual dinner. Our waitress was wonderful. She was very honest and recommended various options. Her top recommendation was the new orleans stuffed crab. I ordered this and it was delicious. the flavors were great! i would highly recommend. others in the group ordered oysters, the egg rolls (delicious), crawfish pie, and the new orleans platter. everyone was very happy with their food choices.  a couple people in the group ordered the brownie for dessert and i took a bite and it was good. it's very rich, but was still good. overall, this restaurant is in a great location on bourbon, the service is wonderful and the food is definitely good!We sat at the oyster bar and had a dozen oysters and a couple beers. The oysters were shucked and served quickly, and were delicious. 
Service was great, everyone was very friendly. 
I had a cappuccino before we left and it was perfection.Great food! Great staff! The entire restaurant, kitchen and restrooms were very clean. The jambalaya was amazing!! Would definitely go back. Great place for families!Seafood gumbo is delicious.  Stuffed crab was delicious.  The place is very clean and bright. And our waiter, AJ, was very friendly !Hadn't been here in 15 years and was delighted it still rocked.
The food is really good. This is a casual raw bar/fried food in a basket/light entrée type of place. The friend shrimp were juicy and very obviously fresh-not frozen, and perfectly cooked. The etouffee was the best we'd had all week and we sampled in every restaurant we visited. Nice, THICK, fresh and flavorful!
One of the things I love is it is CLEAN! Clean dining room, clean bathrooms, clean food. Very friendly staff!!
You will not be disappointed. Good prices too.Cute little restaurant with bar, oyster bar and seating. Service was friendly and prices weren't bad. I had a catfish poboy and hubby had a burger. Unfortunately, my sandwich tasted much better going down than it did coming up.Maybe it was because it was a Sunday night. I'm not sure - but the service was terrible. Over an hour waiting on our dinners. Lackluster wait staff. The food, after if was finally delivered, was just "okay" - Certainly not great, with no concern from the wait staff. We'll be skipping this restaurant the next time we're in town.Average place considering how many options there are in New Orleans. Ordered the fried catfish basket with fries. Fish was cooked perfectly and came with two really good sauces. Fries were good but looked like ordinary frozen fries. Friends ordered a salad, bacon burger and the jambalaya. Salad and burger were pretty good, jambalaya looked like uncle bens rice with some sausage in it. 
Pros- 
-Location close to bourbon 
-Fried fish basket was flavorful and had good dipping sauces 
-Nice decor 
Cons- 
-Waiter took 15 mins to ask us for our order despite only 3 other tables having patrons. 
-Waiter got order wrong and only brought half the table silverware. 
-Price range seemed on par with most places in New Orleans. 
-Burgers/Po Bos didn't come with fries. $3.99 extra 
-soda was $2.75. Did have free refills though 
Overall it was a average experience. Would go back again if we were hungry and that was one of closest places.Craw fish pie meets creole mustard. Enough said. 
Everything else was mediocre. The facilities are clean and the service was exceptional. Overall, nothing to go out your way for, but definitely a satisfying meal if you're in the quarter and everywhere else has a long wait.This is my first time to NOLA and my husband insisted we go to Bourbon street first and after 2 frozen drinks I needed food and fast! We stumbled upon Remoulade's( literally) and were immediately seated. The staff was very friendly and the restaurant was really clean. The food order arrived quickly. My husband and I both ordered the shrimp po'boy. At first glance the sandwich was huge. Then as we got down and dirty, we noticed there wasn't quite as many shrimp in there as we thought which is why I am only giving 3 1/2 stars. For the price, $11 each, I thought that there should be more shrimp but perhaps that's the norm. I will say the bread was the best I've had thus far and the staff were friendly and attentive. If you could put Acme's fried shrimp or oysters into Remoulaude's French bread, it would be hands down the perfect po'boy!My knee-jerk opinion is to give Remoulade three instead of four stars based on my own experience, but I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt based on the meals everyone else in my party had. 
First off, it should be said that my meal was definitely delicious. I'm not an expert on crawfish etouffee, but I was certainly pleased with the overall flavor and the quantity of crawfish. Problem was, the dish cost nearly $13 and consisted of perhaps 3/4 cup of veggies, crawfish, and stew base and a half cup of rice in the middle. I felt positively cheated. They could have kept the same amount of crawfish and just increased the considerably cheaper broth, veggie, and rice content of the dish and I would have been far happier, but as it was I finished my "meal" before my friends were even half way through their po'boys or seafood baskets that cost as much or even less than my ridiculously small portion.
The meals my friends had were the saving grace of the experience (and the only reason for that fourth star), in large part because their orders had so much food that they were willing and able to share. (This is perhaps something worthy of note for first time diners - po'boys, nachos, and seafood baskets come with plenty of food while the etouffee is apparently the kiddie platter.)  Thus I can vouch for the fried oysters, shrimp, fries, and the delicious remoulade, which is worthy of its reputation.
Service, which is also usually one of my pet peeves, was a little on the slow side, but without another experience to compare it to, I'm going to chalk this up to the fact that our waitress was in the process of being trained that day. I've been there myself, so I'm inclined to be generous.
I'm really going to need another visit to get a proper read on this place, but I certainly won't object to another trip to NOLA. I'll be sure to update when I do.Maître d' wouldn't seat us because we were carrying 1/3 of a cup full of Diet Coke from Wendy's and was very rude about it.The wait was ridiculous and not worth the wait! The food was not good. I ended up returning the seafood bisque, nasty! One of the people in my party's food was cold, after waiting all that time. I spoke with the manager and she was rude also . Never again!Food wasn't bad, just nothing special.  Service was the best.  Meals included shrimp creole and fried shrimp basket.  It is more casual than it's namesake.I wouldn't suggest dining anywhere on Bourbon Street. It wasn't completely horrible for an over priced, grocery store shrimp serving, tourist trap, but it wasn't good either. Tourist tip: steer clear of restaurants that self-proclaim "best ________ in town!" Anyhow, I had just gotten off of the airplane, was hungry, and it was down the street from my hotel. It served its purpose at the time, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it for authentic New Orleans cuisine.For a cowrorker's birthday, six of us set out for a Friday lunch.  Turns out that Remoulade opens at 11:30am on Fridays.  You may pass right by this place without noticing it is here.  The Royal Sonesta and Desire bar across the street dominate the surroundings.  Once you get inside, they have a nice atmosphere that is a cross between a diner and  old school theatre.  Almost everyone had a poboy of some sort, but I got a a mixed green entree salad($5.95) and a half dozen raw oysters($8.95)  God willing, we will once again enjoy cheap seafood prices. They make their own dressings and I had their vinaigrette.  It was a little tangy and they could have cut their tomatos, but overall it was satisfying.  The oysters were delicious on a cracker with a little cocktail sauce on top.  I was happy that I ate so well, and still have energy to continue working the rest of the day. (well, now that I have finished this review lol)Not a fan. Had the mad dog with onion rings. The hot dog might have been undercooked idk it tasted funny. The onion rings were bland. I don't think the batter was seasoned it tasted like an onion wrapped in flour. My friend had the cajun shrimp. She said it tasted like shrimp doused in ragu with a sprinkle of rice. Do better man  you get a D. Won't be back.Great place! My boyfriend and I stumbled in off bourbon st... it was very busy so we sat at the bar and it was awesome, the bartender/ server was great, made small talk with us when we asked questions then would go back to crackin open oysters.
The food was great as well, granted we only ate there once so I can only speak for the blue cheese burger, hot wings and potatoes... they were delicious!!! 
Really enjoyed it!Good place to eat for those new to the area as it is very reasonably priced. These New Orleans style stuffed crab and Nawlins nachos were delicious...and we enjoyed the nice atmosphere. Service was quick and friendly.Not very good, although I did not have any oysters.   The sandwiches were totally unacceptable...astonishingly bad.  Mufaletta was served on what might have been a hamburger bun....quartered ???
Orchid on the other hand was a delight....trying to make up for the lousy food with humor and an incredibly friendly and helpful attitude.  We did return for drinks simply because of her professionalism and terrific attitude.Just had the biggest oysters I have ever seen. I consider myself a connoisseur.  I eat them right out of the shell so I experience the taste and texture. We have been to 4 other locations and this restaurant blows the others away. Eric hooked us up. He is the MAN!!!Meh, is the best I can say. The food was Bland and certainly not what I would expect of traditional New Orleans Food.I decided to stop by there for lunch yesterday to give them a try since I had never been there before. I'm a local and usually stay away from tourist trap places like this on Bourbon Street because the food tends to be overpriced and mediocre. But I like to try these places every once in a while so that I can know what the tourists are experiencing.
I ordered the Shrimp Arnaud and the Oysters Arnaud.
The Shrimp Arnaud is boiled shrimp with their signature Remoulade sauce served over some shredded iceberg lettuce and a tomato slice. The Remoulade sauce was neither tangy nor spicy like I heard it was. It was subtle in flavor and actually tasted mayonnaise-like to me, even there is not supposed to be any mayonnaise in it. It was a good dish, but was not what I expected. I commented to the waitress that it was not as spicy as I heard it was, and she told me that the consistency of the spiciness varies. If that's true then they need better kitchen staff to ensure consistency.
The Oysters Arnaud is 5 baked oysters on the half-shell, each with a different topping (Rockefeller, Bienville, Suzette, Ohan & Kathryn), served in a pie pan of rock salt. This dish was very disappointing. It was not served very hot, the oysters were overcooked, there were bits of oyster shell in 3 out of the 5 oysters, the toppings were dry and bready, and the toppings overflowed into the rock salt which made them difficult to eat without getting pieces of rock salt in your mouth. It seemed like what I was served was already cooked leftovers sitting uncovered in the refrigerator from the night before and then hastily warmed up to serve to me. I've worked in restaurants and have experience cooking, and I would not have served this to anyone if I was working there.
I thought that the staff was friendly and attentive. My waitress was apparently new and couldn't tell me the names of the 5 different baked oysters in the Oysters Arnaud dish, but I'll cut her some slack for this. Their credit card machine was not working, and I had to use cash.Left very unhappy.
1. Ordered a dozen raw oysters, we never got them.
2. Our egg roll appetizer, came out to the table still frozen in the middle.
3. My boyfriend and I ordered refills on our SODA and were going to be charged for another drink....(nobody does that anymore.)
4. Our waitress was telling us about how shitty wasted she had gotten the night before and that she was "soooo hungover" at 3 p.m. the next day!
5. The waitress was slow, inattentive, and would disappear on us. And we'd see her through the kitchen window, talking to the cooks and bullshitting with them..
I spoke with a manager after getting our check And he didn't seem to care that we came all the way from FL to spend money that weekend and were treated so poorly.
I've waited tables for 7 years now, and I would have been easily written up or possibly even FIRED from any of my jobs for getting a complaint of that magnitude. THE RESTAURANT WASN'T EVEN BUSY!!!We stopped in for an appetizer of stuffed crab. It was very good as were the roasted potatoes that came on the side.  Bread was average New Orleans french bread. Our server was Akua. She was very sweet.  
The atmosphere is fun but a little corporate. I'd recommend Desire across the street instead for a more authentic New Orleans experience.
Decent prices.If I could give this restaurant 0 stars I would. I honestly have no idea what the food tastes like because I didn't get to eat! I ordered a steak and the chef REFUSED to butterfly it! What happened to the customer being right? It's not like I was asking for something special or ordering off of the menu...just a simple cut on the meat. The staff was apologetic but it wasn't their fault. I got up and walked out. Due to the chefs arrogance I would NOT recommend anyone go there. There are plenty of places on Bourbon street to eat and enjoy your dining experience. Go somewhere else.If you're tired of walking and want a place with decent prices for great food, this is the place you want to be at!
The drinks here are strong and the food is great. I love coming here with my friend. We keep missing our friend Nicole who works there. But this was the place where I first had a taste of Craw fish etouffee and turtle soup.
This time, I didn't do the Taste of Lousiana but my friend got the Taste of New Orleans (only $15!) which includes a seafood gumbo, red beans and rice, and a new orleans stuffed crab. I got the new orleans stuffed crabs on our server's recommendation. And she was totally right! It was amazing and delicious. I love crab and I love how there's a ton of crab with every bite. 
This diner-like restaurant is a staple of my trip. Every time I come to New Orleans, I have to stop by Cafe du Monde and Remoulade.Not a gourmet experience, but decent cajun/creole options for a decent price.  We were looking for lunch on Bourbon, but didn't want to break the bank.  The fair reviews on Yelp drove us here.  Our server, Ashley, was fantastic.  She was attentive, friendly, and honest. Her recommendations led us to some of the better menu options and steered us clear of some that she felt were not as good or the portions were too small (etoufee).
I had the stuffed crabs and really enjoyed them.  I would say this is a three star joint, but I really appreciate the service. Way to go Ashley!I did my homework before I got to New Orleans and I knew where to eat. This place was NOT on my list. And for good reason. If it had not been for the impatience of my family, I might have convinced them to bite the bullet and eat at Arnaud's (even if it is 2x pricier!). 
But, our stomachs were calling so we found ourselves in a low-key tourist trap. The food portions were tiny (maybe not a bad thing but then not really worth the price you pay) and I felt like all the seafood we received was cooked to black.. and had the moisture sucked out of it.
I got the natchitoches meat pies. It's pretty much what you expect it to be - meat encased in flaky crust. It was pretty tasty but at the same time, not very big nor very filling. 
My family wasn't too excited about their entrees. All in all, we had ordered the crawfish étouffée (stew), raw oysters and the po'boy. The crawfish étouffée was sort of a soupy mix of spices and fish (to be expected, I suppose) while the po'boy was very dry and flavorless. The oysters were absolutely lathered in thick, creamy sauce. Kinda overwhelming.
I wish we had held out for the real deal but I guess this means I'll have to go back one day to try it myself!My wife and I stopped in after checking into our hotel for a quick lunch.  Our server was Ross who was quite friendly and gave us a good dose of Southern Hospitality.  
We started with the Shrimp Arnaud appetizer which was ok.  Nothing special but not bad.  We aren't fans of Horseradish so the spice wasn't our thing.  I think we were also hoping that it would have been a hot dish and not cold but we live and learn by trying.
We split the New Orleans Taster which consisted of a bowl of Seafood Gumbo, 1/2 order of Red Beans and Rice and 1 Stuffed Crab.  The Gumbo was good and the Red Beans and Rice were fine.  Again, nothing special when you consider New Orleans food.  The Stuffed Crab was very good however.  We also had a side of Red Boiled Potatoes which were, well Red Potatoes.  
I probably won't eat here again because it really wasn't anything special in my opinion but the people were nice and I can't say it's bad.  It's just 3-star basic, average NOLA food in a casual atmosphere.Great food, good drinks, clean and great staff,  really good shrimp, jambalaya is very goodSurprisingly good service for a place on Bourbon! I stopped in with a couple tourist friends in the middle of the day and our food came quickly and our waitress so friendly! From my experience, restaurants on Bourbon tend to be a little dicey on the service, but Ashley (I think that was her name...) was a pleasant surprise. The food was pretty good, too. I only had an appetizer, but it was large enough to hold me over til my dinner plans later that night. My tourist friends all wanted typical New Orleans food, and they left very satisfied.Man, harsh reviews that didn't reflect our experience. Wanted to go to Eat but it was closed. We were looking for a reasonably quiet not stuffy place in the French Quarter. This place seemed to fit the bill. First of all the service was great. Very attentive, refills without asking, food came out quickly and was piping hot.
 The appetizer of chicken wings was great, the Cajun egg rolls so-so. 
All soups were excellent: turtle soup, shrimp bisque (which does not necessarily have to have shrimp pieces in it - check Bon Appetit magazine) and seafood gumbo all delicious. The entrees were very good as well. The blackened catfish was a generous serve, the stuffed crab and the crawfish pie done well. The boiled red potatoes were boring. All in all four stars is a fair reflection.Service OK nachos were too salty steak was overcooked and dry complimentary bread was stale.Managed to make it to New Orleans for an overnight trip, so walked down Bourbon St.  Didn't feel like a fine dining experience was justified in cost, but wanted some quintessentially New Orleans tastes.  Stopped by Remoulades.  The bar wasn't available for some reason, but a table was easy enough to get.  Ordered a file gumbo (chicken and sausage) and the oyster sampler, with a Sazerac. It was all good enough, I wish I had the time and appetite to sample some of the other items like the jambalaya or meat pies.  Definitely a place to repeat the next time I'm in New Orleans.The bartender up front was very nice and showed us to our table.  The waiter was not attentive at all.  I had to ask about the bread.  He admitted he forgot.  No refills offered. When we got the bread basket, it was cold.  The food was horrible...no fries served with poboys or burgers;  the chicken tenders were bland.  My 8 year old son called them bland.  I expected more flavor being in New Orleans.  My daughter was not pleased with her chicken and waffles...the waffle tasted like an Eggo that was left in the toaster too long.  My catfish tasted like it had been frozen and thawed out.  I expected freshness being so close to the water.  My husband's burger was decent, just no fries...for $10.25, I expected fries.My husband and I had a Groupon to Remoulade and so stopped in one evening to use it.  The staff was friendly and attentive, the atmosphere casual.  While not a gourmet experience, it delivered what I expected--satisfying New Orleans flavors at a reasonable price.  I had a sampler platter--gumbo, red beans & rice, and a stuffed crab.  All were fine but nothing to rave about.  My husband described his po'boy in the same way, and it came with an abundance of fries.  For a quick, reasonably-priced taste of New Orleans, Remoulade is just fine.Came in for "the best Po Boy" in New Orleans. It did not live up to the reputation. I have had better in Los Angeles! The meals are also overpriced, not a good value.It's on Bourbon Street but don't let that stop you. The food is good-- I'd go for another sausage po'boy right now. The service was so-so-- our waitress disappeared a couple of times and seemed pretty out of it but the rest of the staff picked up the slack.There aren't any better options on Bourbon Street.   The gumbo and the turtle soup was great  Service a good.  I ate there two nights in a row.Perhaps this establishment was good at one time now not so much. Po Boy was dry and not very much flavor. Dont order Shrimp platter not worth the a $15. Staff was friendly, too bad the food missed the mark!HOLY S***!! I dont know why this place has 3-3 1/2 stars! But we got what we asked for and MORE!!
I highly recommend this place! OH MY LOOORD! And the service Is great! Got what we wanted right away. You haave to check this place out! 
Everybody is so accommodating! EVERYBODY! An amazing lady even created a special sauce for us.. LOOOVE :]
Separate oyster bar and alchy bar but great service!
It's 8:30 PM on a saturday. The night has just begun! 
GO REMOULADE! WHOOO
YOU have no idea :DNo option for No Stars so I have to give 1! 
Got seated right away and decided pretty quickly on what we wanted to eat. However no service! They cleaned the table next to us...still no service! Sat for more than 10 minutes...still no service. The place wasn't that busy! So we left! 
With all the options for food in the french quarter no need to waste time at this place!
Not sure how they forgot we were sitting there but alas they did!Nice location, nice ambiance. Unfortunately it was the worst oyster po boy I had in NOLA. The oysters were small and overly breaded. This is, of course, relative. You can't get a po boy even this good in DC, but coming off of 2 days of Jazz Fest and the po boys I had there, it was (sadly) the least exciting meal I had in NOLA.I like Remoulade.  The menu offers "New Orleans" food, the kind of stuff people want to eat when they visit the city.  It's similar to Acme, so if you're a fan of theirs, try Remoulade.  The portions aren't large, so it's not a bad place for snacking between meals or a full dinner.
It is appropriately located on Bourbon Street and has a full service bar to greet you in the event there is a wait.  The service is really good and as a bonus, some of the food is borrowed from Arnaud's neighboring kitchen...for example, bread pudding isn't listed on the menu, but if you request it (and the kitchen is still open), they will serve a delicious piece of Arnaud's bread pudding...delish!  
Another nice touch is the artwork matches the menu.  Picture animated foods in a band, it's really cute and shirts are available for purchase, which make an especially unique souvenir for a child or child at heart.
I have enjoyed both dining experiences and find it's a great place to take out-of-towners, as both my dinners there were with out-of-town colleagues.  It's a great place to be a tourist and eat local fare; I wouldn't drive downtown to just to eat at this place, but if you're already there it's a great place to duck into....enjoy!Excellent drink prices, good food, and good service.  No complaints, would return on another visit.Disappointed in shrimp po boy made from Salad shrimp with breading that kept falling off. Sign said best shrimp in town, waist of $60.A classy joint, vintage feel. Came here later in the evening as mostly everyrhing else in the quarter was closing up. It was a pleasant surprise with warm fresh New Orleans classics. The shrimp po boy was everything I expected. The service was very fast.Came recommended to us by the Concierge at a nearby hotel. Not a good recommendation.  The bread was stale and tasted like paper, not even the butter helped. My wife ordered her jambalaya spicy, but it could not have been milder. I ordered the crawfish etouffe and it came without rice. Unbelievable!  And way over-priced. Service was fast, but the most personable people in the restaurant were the couple at the next table.I enjoyed my experience here, though I didn't have a full meal.  We wandered in on our first day, and I promptly ordered an Abita Amber to fight off the heat.  The extremely friendly bartender then convinced us not only to order a half dozen raw oysters, but also the sampler plate of all the baked ones they have.  Both were excellent, the raw oysters being briny and extremely fresh.  In fact, the oysters here were so good that my friend wouldn't get them anywhere else on the trip, as she was afraid it would ruin the experience for her.I could write more, but best gumbo we have had.  Taste of New Orleans was amazing.  Stuffed Crab was perfect.  The red beans and rice made me feel like I was back living there.  The only reason this place doesn't get a five star was the service was average.  They weren't that busy and getting an order taken took a little longer than I liked, maybe I have high standards having been a waiter/bartender for a few years.  Cheaper than the actual Arnauds and just as good.While the service was a bit slow, and some of my friends were bummed that they couldn't drink their outdoor drinks, the food was good. I recommend getting the boiled shrimp. I had the stuffed crabs as my meal. They had a decent amount of meat in them, but I have had them at other places where they were more crabby.
Very affordable for the location.We were searching the blocks around the hotel for something quiet but nicely apportioned and not too expensive plus that allowed casual attire. We liked this one and went back twice.  It had a clean interior with 1930s black and white tiled floors. It is nice once inside though the entryway is nothing too special. Staff were friendly and service very good - lots of drink refills without asking. Good touches in the table setting like very heavy flatware and marble/stone-topped tables.
It is owned by the famous Arnauds. We had a light grilled chicken with lemon and new red potatoes, tomato and basil pizza, then natchezdoches meat pies and a cajun burger. Everything was quite tasty, served hot and timely. The best part was a flourless chocolate cake dessert of good texture with excellent whipped cream that had a nice hint of vanilla and topped with strawberries and a lovely chocolate "A" on the top to signify Arnauds.  The dessert menu is of a limited number of items however. 
Price was very reasonable with dishes starting at $8 and going up.I went to New Orleans for a business conference and I failed to make reservations at the 5-star restaurants in the French Quarter.  My co-workers and I roamed Bourbon until we found Remoulade.  Remoulade is basically Arnaud's without the prissyness.   We waited in the bar for a table (only 20 minutes).  The drinks were pretty strong and the bartender was very friendly.   Our server was very attentive (she was always at our table asking if we needed anything else to drink or more french bread, and in New Orleans you can never have too much french bread)  and the food was fantastic. I had the Gumbo and I cleaned the bowl (I told you about the french bread right?).  The portions were pretty large, and the prices were low.  If you want to take in quality New Orleans food without the pretentiousness, Remoulade is the place to be (which includes french bread).Some of the most nicest awesomest staff! I want to say our waitress's name was Lorena, sorry I was a bit tipsy that night. Best eggrolls, gumbo,crawfish pie ever! Oh, yeah cocktails were good too.They do not clean the shrimp here!!! Who wants to eat shrimp with the vein (shrimp colon/poo) still in it!! 
Every piece of shrimp on my plate I had to cut open with my butter knife and take the poo out.
The waiter was good, but he could of inquired as to what I was doing and maybe offered something. A sharper knife would have been nice. The girl at the register just watched too. 
Oh well... Not bad food once I cleaned it.We used to like this place. One of the first placed we visited on New Orleans. Never again. Tasteless. It's gone down hill.Place is on a really busy part of Bourbon Street, so it's probably a bit tourist-y to begin with. That being said, thought the meal was quite average (especially when compared to other great places in the city). Food was alright but not great, and the whole bill (for brunch) came out to $72 which seemed high.We are here after looking for a place to eat after 9 pm. The food was all in all pretty good. The Nachos are banging, highly recommend!Friendly service. They had good jambalaya, almost comparable to the paella I had in downtown Madrid. Waiter's were fast and punctual.We stumbled into this restaurant after checking into our hotel the first night in NOLA. It looked clean, and the menu looked fairly diverse. I ordered the shrimp po' boy and my husband ordered the sausage po'boy. 
I wish I could give this place 2.5 stars because the food was decent. The service was just super rude! It was our first night in NOLA and we were excited... the waitress rolled her eyes several times and hurried along our order when we has questions about the menu. This is definitely a place that they focus on trying to turn over the tables as quick as possible. Its not relaxing and the fluorescent lighting doesn't do much in terms of ambiance.Out of all the 5 draft beers...only 2 were available.  Service was outstanding... Maybe because My table the only table here. Waiter gave us extra oysters just because???? Extra star for that.  This place differently needs improvement.This place is horrible!!! The service is beyond unacceptable!!! We waited 30 mins at our table before even being acknowledged by our waiter Chad. The people at the table next to us asked their server if she could at least brings us waters but even she said she couldn't because it wasn't her table. Such AWFUL customer service!!!!! The food was just as poor, no flavor at all. I ordered the red beans and rice. My husband ordered the turtle soup. Both were bad. We also ordered the fried oyster...bad also.Slow service and average food.  We waited over thirty minutes for food and never saw our waiter from the time we ordered to when our food came.  LOTS of shell in the stuffed crab.  Go elsewhere!Bleh!  We came here for dinner since it was the only place in the area without a wait.  I guess that should have tipped us off but what can I day?  We were in a rush and we were hungry.  The raw oysters that we ordered were a little sour which was very off putting but since no one got sick I'm guessing that they weren't spoiled.  The cocktail sauce was weak and didn't get the job done.  I ordered a Caesar salad since I was seriously in need of some veggies.  The salad was fine ( there's really nothing that you could do to improve or mess up a Caesar salad).  My friend got the shrimp bisque and it was devoid of any actual shrimp.  The flavor was pretty good but again, there was no shrimp.  It was basically just a creamy soup.  The service was also pretty lousy but nothing overtly offensive.  Basically, there are hundreds of better options than this place so don't waste your time here.Nice spot, tasty, not over the top exceptional, but not worse than any of the other higher rated places in the area either. Oysters were great, the stuffed crabs were the best thing we ordered here. We were attracted by the smaller line here compared to other places like Acme Oysters in the area and were not disappointed.Great place we spontaneously picked. Quick service and excellent service. Waitress Ashley was fantastic explain the dish well and was very friendly. Good stop for good lunchRemoulade was decent, but not my favorite experience.  The beer was flat and my meal did not have that much food.  Granted, I had the stuffed crabs and they were very good. The server was not very friendly, but I didnt care.  The location was good and the potatoes were cajun style and good.  But Just not enough food for me.We stopped in here on our way to a ghost tour (which was a blast!) because it was reasonably priced and we had just gotten into town.  The food was bland and not worth the price.  I got the shrimp creole which was basically shrimp drenched in a bland tomato sauce.  My boyfriend got the crawfish pies, which were mediocre.  This review might be a bit harsh, but when I go to New Orleans, I expect my food to be full of flavor.  The ambiance was nice; the service was not great.  For a while, we thought our server's shift ended because we couldn't find her.
On another note, stop at Lafitte's for a hurricane and a sazerac before your ghost tour!Ate here twice in a day, not cause the food was that great but because it's convenient, quick and price is decent compared to other restaurants in the area. Had a good burger earlier in the day and later had the blackened catfish. Both were ok, catfish was a little salty. Wait staff is great, wish I could give an extra 1/2 star for them, day & night shift.I ordered their etoufee. I was expecting great things as they are owned by Arnaud's. Sadly, that was not the case. It was mediocre at best, and only about 1/2 to 3/4 of a cup and a scoop of rice. I have high standards for etoufee as it is my favorite Cajun food. They didn't come close---maybe 1/2 way.Remoulade is probably the best casual spot to eat on Bourbon Street.  It shares a kitchen with famous French/New Orleans restaurant, Arnaud's, so the food is high quality in a low key atmosphere that somehow blocks the Bourbon Street noise. 
Highly recommended for lunch.  
And if you're new to baked oysters, try the Oysters Arnaud: 5 oysters, each baked to perfection, with a different breading/stuffing in each one.  DE-licious.My friend and I came in here on recommendation from my Dad. He said this was the best place for oysters so that's what I got (friend is staunchly anti-oyster). Good lordy, these were the best! I ate half a dozen by myself and enjoyed every second of it. We got drinks too but I don't remember anything else about this place other than the oysters.Terrific restaurant on Bourbon St... the wings weren't "Buffalo" wings but they were still damn good as were the ribs and mixed drinks.We stopped in for some appetizers and a couple of drinks.  My wife had her first brandy milk punch, which was expertly made, and we sampled some oysters prepared in various ways. All in all it was quite good.  As a plus, they have the coolest highchairs ever.The food has always been pretty good. I highly recommend the turtle soup! I can't eat a lot of the food here because there is a lot of rice and I can't have rice. However, it's a great place for a late night snack!The food was not what I expected. I asked for a la carte fish and was not informed I would be charged the price of the Po Boy. 13.50 for a catfish would have been something to discuss.Remoulade is known as the "casual side" of the fancy restaurant Arnaud's. While Arnaud's is located on Bienville, Remoulade is around the corner on Bourbon Street in the French Quarter of New Orleans, but still attached to Arnaud's.
After settling into our hotel we walked around the corner and stumbled upon Remoulade. The place looked more casual and not dumpy and divey like most places on Bourbon. There is a beautiful marble oyster bar across from the main bar. The dining space isn't huge, but big enough to take a breather from the little space you get walking down Bourbon.
Our bartender was Matt and he was FANTASTIC. He answered our thousands of questions about New Orleans cuisine, where to go, what to do, etc. He was extremely knowledgable and friendly. Unfortunately for Remoulade, he is moving to Oregon in the near future. Best wishes to you on your new endeavors, Matt!
The food is delicious. The filé gumbo (chicken and andouille sausage) was my favorite. I went back the next day and had some more. The portion is a decent size and well worth $6. I learned here that filé is a thickening agent used in some gumbo to give it more flavor. I definitely enjoyed the filé gumbos more than gumbo prepared with just flour.
Two words: muffaletta pizza. You won't regret it. It's basically the famous muffaletta sandwich without all the bread and on a thin pizza crust. The sauce is an olive salad base. I HATE olives, but the olive salad (which is packed with olives) mixes well with the cheese, meats and herbs. Think Italian Sub on a pizza. YUM. I wanted it again the next night, but opted for the blackened chicken pizza which was equally as good in its own way.
Got to try a wing after being offered from two drunk men at the bar. Obviously took that opportunity. Wings resembled deep friend chicken. Nice, heavy breading and batter that was spiced within the breading. So the coating was great. Unfortunately, I like the meat inside well done and these were very slimy, veiny and red.
The French 75 is so tasty and refreshing. Remoulade makes theirs with cognac rather than gin, the proper New Orleans way. Small selection of beer, but decent beers nonetheless. Maker's Old Fashion was also great. Matt enjoys his craft and taking care of his guests and we were grateful to have lots of passion go into our drinks and service.
They have a great selection of food from unique appetizers to individual pizzas, sandwiches/po' boys, hotdogs to classic cajun/creole dishes to wonderful stuffed blue crab and a raw oyster bar. Definitely a place worth checking out. Ask for recommendations because they are honest and everything recommended to us was well worth it. If we make our way to New Orleans again we will definitely be back!Definitely not worth your time or money. Like cmon the seafood gumbo was room temperature fail. Second the po boy bread was cold and hard. The shrimp used was small, like the frozen kind you buy at the grocery store. The overall experience was not worth my money. Word to the wise don't even bother coming here. Save yourself the time and keep walking for a better restaurant.This place serves the best turtle soup in town and real Damn good oysters.  Gotta have the BBQ shrimp in this place.  I would recommend this to everyone. This place is simply the Best.Great food and service. Clean and cozy. Hostesses rounded frequently and were entertaining.It was Ok. Not bad, not great. How can you screw up a po boy?  We did like the Cajun Nachos. Good service.The jambalaya they attempted to serve me was just a bowl of rice.  When I asked the waitress if there was supposed to be shrimp, sausage and fish in the rice, she was more annoyed than apologetic.  It was awful. Never again.We have eaten at almost every restaurant on Bourbon and this is hands down THE BEST!!! We have been here at least three times and the service has always been spot on.  The entire place is impeccably clean, from the restroom to the kitchen(which is in plain view). I've seen poor reviews due to price but there is a menu with prices clearly listed on the outside of the restaurant.   Plus its Bourbon St, everything is higher. If it's too pricey don't eat it. They definitely do not deserve a poor review because of price.  You get what you pay for and this is worth every penny and then some.Stopped in here for a to-go beer while hanging out in the French Quarter. They have a decent enough selection of beers on tap-- I got an Abita Amber. My friend got one of their cocktails and really liked it as well.I ate here around 2p on a Saturday. Not busy at all, we were seated quickly. 2 star rating mostly for the food. I ordered the shrimp po boy and my friend ordered the Buffalo wings. Food took a while to come out despite kitchen was not busy. My bread on my po boy was cold, and it was a mediocre po boy. Didn't actually taste anything but salt and fried flour. No real flavor. Nothing bad happened with the waitress' service but won't be coming back here again, better food cheaper in other placesWe stopped here on a Thursday afternoon at around 4:00 pm for oysters on the half shell and were told they didn't have any raw oysters because they had sent their oyster shucker home.  I found that a bit odd for a place that advertises as an oyster bar.  We ordered the Oysters Arnaud which is a sampling of their baked oysters, and my husband and I were both very underwhelmed.  The baked oysters were dry and didn't have much flavor.  The service was great, but we probably wouldn't go back.I have been here twice while visiting New Orleans and loved it! The food is excellent, especially the oysters. You can get basically the same food as Arnaud's for half the price, and in a more casual setting. It has been pretty crowded and crazy the times I have visited, but the service and food was worth it!Ate here several times while on vacation.
Good food, reasonable prices (it is in the French quarter) and friendly staff.I had much better roumalade elsewhere. I will not return. I had the Cajun egg rolls and they seemed to have served it with a soy sauce. It was better with roumalade.Got kicked for asking to sit us in 10 man table. They were almost arrogant about their business.  Food looked decent but we were pretty disappointed with their servicePretty run of the mill for Bourbon St.'s dime a dozen cajun/creole restaurants that lack quality.   I felt bad for our waiter, who was actually pretty attentive.  The bread was so light, the only thing I could compare it to is cotton candy, everything except the crust melted away as soon as saliva touched it.  The gumbo was basically roux and rice.  And the jambalaya was pretty spot on for a frozen TV dinner.  Actually, I think I've probably had better jambalaya from frozen TV dinners.  The crown jewel of the restaurant was the door stop of a brownie.  In hindsight, ordering without "a la mode" is almost laughable.  The ice cream was just enough to soften the brownie up to where it could be punctured with a spoon, but once it's outer defenses were breached, the inside of the brownie was so dry that is basically just crumbled apart.  There are plenty of other good places to eat in the French Quarter.... I'll leave it at that.Chatty Matty is the bomb.  Bar service was fantastic!  Seems he holds the place together...Went in late one night. 
Casual.
Full bar.
Our server was consistent but not really the personable kind. It felt a little greasy/dingy there. The food was okay.. a little lackluster compared to everything else we had had in New Orleans. 
It would be more fitting in an old airport.Don't bother. Seriously, don't bother. 
Overpriced seafood. Meh to Blah sides. Drinks were good (and nicely sized and decently strong), but not worth it for all of the other downsides. 
Worse than the food was the service. The staff was more interested in socializing with each other than tending to guests. Admittedly, the place was empty and it was early in a shift on a Sunday night, but still -- there were ten staff and six customers; I shouldn't have to flag down the waitress in that kind of situation when we need something.Deciding to forgo the $300 dinner in the theme of the saving money route for my birthday weekend in NOLA, we decided to grab a bit on Saturday night at Remoulade.  I had eaten here before, so I knew what to expect, but decided on ordering some different things.  The only reason I give the pace 3 stars was the service.  Our waitress was either stoned, or a bit slow, because she was out of it.  We asked to see the wine list to decide if we wanted to get a bottle and she brought me back a glass of chardonnay.  We asked for a beer, she had no idea what was on tap.  Space Cadet.  The food was very tasty! I had the gumbo, which was great, served with just the right amount of rice, and just the right amount of spice.  The soft shell crap po boy was excellent, and the shrimp dishes were excellent.  The atmosphere was very laid back, and simple.  A good place for a quick bite to eat, or quick beer.I wanted to like this place but it was a rough start and went downhill from there. When we walked in we were the only ones besides the employees. Our waiter was friendly but also a little pushy. I can overlook that. The menu looked old and there was nothing really special on there. The shrimp creole was ok, nothing that I couldn't recreate at home. My husband's burger was very bland, it clearly hadn't been seasoned. The fries were ones that had been previously frozen. Overall just a big disappointment.Not a fan of this place with all of the options in New Orleans.  Asked server for recommendations and rather than steering us towards the traditional NOLA dishes like the poboys, she suggested the pizza.  I went with the mufaletta pizza and was disappointed.  Both my husband and I woke up in the night feeling awful from our meal.  Not a place we will return to.We went here based on a recommendation from a friend-of-a-friend who has family here and knows the city well.  We have never visited NOLA, so recommendations were welcome!  When we arrive at about 7 pm only about six tables were occupied.  We stood by the hostess stand and the friendly bartender greeted us and said someone would seat us as soon as they finished breaking apart table used for a large party.  The staff member who seated us was tired and annoyed by our presence.  Our waitress , Julie, showed up after just a few minutes, told us the specials and took our drink orders.  I had the "Bayou Self," which was blue and tasted like a pina colada without the cream.  My husband had the next one down on the list, can't remember the name, but it was more boozy-tasting, so I had one of those to go. Food:  complimentary bread that came to the table was stale and underwhelming.  I encourage the restaurant to skip giving it out; it doesn't set a good stage for the food.  My daughter had jambalaya.  I don't know what jambalaya is supposed to taste like, but this was okay.  The spice was mild, as requested by my daughter.  The dish was mostly rice, with very little meat.  It came out lukewarm.  I ordered the shrimp Po Boy.  Not bad.  I gave my daughter a few shrimp; at least two were not deveined.  Gotta get rid of the poop shoot, people! My husband husband ordered the roast beef Po Boy, which he said was good, not great.  We had a side of onion rings, which I was initially excited about when they were brought to the table, but calling them lukewarm would have been a favor; they were room temperature.  Julie, our waitstaff, was friendly and efficient. 
The whole meal was just meh.  I have recommended to others traveling in for the same event we are attending to skip it.Just like the Gumbo Shop - you can get a variety of tastes on one plate. I wonder if all NoLa restaurants offer combinations of creole cooking. Now that i think of it, they do.
here we had:
Crawfish Pie - i didn't think I'd like this, because it looks like a pott pie, but it's more like a calzone. not too heavy at first bite, but it's still a pretty rich entree item
Jambalaya - a little watery, and not a lot of veggies or sausage, so it feels like you're just eating tomato-rice.
Seafood Gumbo - not bad. almost as good as the seafood gumbo at Mothers, but without the ridiculous wait or poor service.
I can't remember if we got red beans and rice, but we likely did. Suffice to say, it was not something I remembered.
We also got raw oysters and "baked" oysters.
Five baked oysters, all prepared a little differently. Not as good as "chargrilled" oysters though.
Who goes to Remoulade?
Not really sure. it's on Bourbon street - and it wasn't all that full when we were there. the simplicity of its menu (i.e. creole cooking) on Bourbon street likely draws the not-so-touristy crowd, and people looking for a nice place to eat.
Who doesn't visit Remoulade?
Those looking for something more upscale, or unique about a restaurant. remoulade could be "creole" for boring.Yelp, will you promise not to hate me if I admit that my girlfriend found out about Remoulade through an old-fashioned tour book?  And not only that, but that it ended up making for a great dinner and the best authentic New Orleans meal we had the whole vacation?
It's true.  Originally drawn to Remoulade because its kitchen is open late, we stumbled in around 9:00 or 10:00 one night looking for a filling dinner.  The restaurant is cool and dark, with lots of mirrors, deeply-colored walls, and wooden furniture.  Even though the hustle and bustle of Bourbon Street was a mere fifty feet away, we could barely hear the crowds as we were promptly seated by our friendly (albeit a little spacey!) waitress.
We ordered our drinks and made our choices off the menu right away.  I nabbed the crawfish pies ($12.95), described as "Louisiana crawfish tails, jasmine rice, vegetables, herbs and seasoning in pastry."  They came out piping hot and were really quite good, somehow mild-tasting and sharp, all at the same time.  Even the fries that came along with the dish hit the spot.
My girlfriend picked the New Orleans-style stuffed crabs ($13.95), which were "bursting with fresh Louisiana lump crabmeat and local seasonings and topped with buttered breadcrumbs then baked to a crispy golden brown in the shell."  
I would say that the two of us have a pretty moderate taste-sharing relationship, but all bets were off once we got our food: it was each one for him or herself!
Remoulade definitely gets my recommendation if you're wandering around the Quarter a little later at night and need somewhere you won't be bustled out of or bothered.  It's a great way to sample New Orleans cuisine without dipping into the hand grenade budget and has definitely earned its reputation for a reason.This is our favorite restaurant when we head towards bourbon street. The raw oysters are good, the hand made onion rings are delicious, and I love the remoulade sauce. We have tried several different items from the menu and have not been disappointed. They are also family friendly which is a HUGE plus!I was guided here by a friend's past experience. I ordered the blackened catfish and oysters on a half shell. They oysters were huge and the best I've had. The catfish was also really good. There wasn't much competition for seating so staff was very attentive and friendly. Overall, pretty good experience!Jambalaya was OK.  Meat pies were PHENOMENAL--better even than Natchitoches (which is know for theirs).  Service OK.  Prices in line with Bourbon St.
If I hadn't tasted Mother's jambalaya, Remoulade would probably be a four star review, but in comparison their jambalaya wasn't all that.Nice atmosphere. George at the oyster bar was great! Oysters were large and fresh. BBQ shrimp was overcooked but the flavor was still awesome. Another great new Orleans experience.My fam and I stopped here for a quick lunch when I was in town last week.  I won't be going back.  I'm from Louisiana and I KNOW great cajun food, and this AIN'T it.  I was so disappointed with this place, I couldn't believe it.  I had the fried shrimp and catfish basket which was fine because most things are good fried...kinda hard to mess it up.  But my mom had the bbq shrimp which had good flavor but were overcooked and rubbery.  My aunt had the Taste of the Bayou...awful!  I was making better gumbo and jambalaya than this when I was a child.  It had no flavor, no heat, nothing that makes cajun food what it is.  I won't be going back here.  There are far better places for authentically great cajun food in the area.I had to try the French 75, which I would recommend. We ordered appetizers and drinks. Will go for the oysters next time and skip the boudin. They were short on staff, but service was friendly.oysters etoufee turtle soup and jumbalaya
It was better than I thought it would be.
One guy DID order a hamburger in our group and he said it was good.
YOU ARE CRAZY TO ORDER A BURGER HERE.
GET the Local food
get the oysters
They go thru 100's a dayBar service was quick and really friendly. Great, delicious raw oysters. 
Sadly, a young lady appeared to pass out and whacked her poor head on the concrete floor and it was ~ 4 PM. Seriously, I hope she is OK. Paramedics were en route quickly. welcome to New Orleans  :-/There are much better places to eat in New Orleans for the price. The food was mediocre to say the least. My waitress argued with me because I wanted to customize my order a little (didn't want a certain meat on my sandwich... Nothing outrageous). Very slow service. Prices were about average for New Orleans... Approx $15-20 per person. Overall, I wouldn't go back.Perfect little place to grab a bite to eat on Bourbon St.  It seems like it could be a tourist trap however the food is actually very good and the waitstaff is friendly.  The wings are delicious I highly recommend them.  The pizzas are also very good, like I mentioned its just a quaint little place to grab a bite to eat before hitting the crazy streets!I love this place!  I almost always get a Pimm's Cup, Turtle Soup, and BBQ Shrimp!  Mmmmmmm!  There are a ton of delicious things on the menu!Great food! Nice local place with good service. We had the BBQ shrimp, shrimp bisque, and nachos. All delicious!If you come to NOLA during a busy tourist time, like I did, avoid this place or come EARLY. The wait to get seated is not only atrociously long, but the service is too. I had oysters for the first time here, which were good (you can order and eat them while you're waiting). I also had the jambalaya which was good but nothing out of this world. I remember prices being on the cheaper side (compared to surrounding restaurant menus we stopped in to look at), but obviously oysters can get expensive. This is probably a good touristy place to go, as it offers exactly all the food you would want to eat while in NOLA. I have not eaten a lot of cajun/creole food in my lifetime and I think if I was more seasoned in this type of cuisine, this place would be a solid 2 stars.We are here after looking for a place to eat after 9 pm. The food was all in all pretty good. The Nachos are banging, highly recommend!Late evening stop after having drinks. There weren't many other tables there when we arrived around 10pm. The server was friendly. Food was good on the whole; somethings more than others. The po boys aren't packed with seafood like some other restaurants. Prices were fair. Nawlins nachos were meh.Drunk tourist food. Not awful. Overpriced. Ordered bbq shrimp and stuffed crab. The crab was flavorful, but found quite a few shards of shell in it.  The new potatoes were undercooked. Shrimp was overcooked, making it hard to shell. Kinda tough, but spices/broth was tasty.
Bread was cold and dried out. If the dishes had come with a side of some sort, they wouldn't have been quite as disappointing. Overpriced for what you get. With as much culinary competition as they have, this meal was not worth my dollars. 
Service was spotty, even though the place was half full. Waitress sweet but had to flag her down twice.Tried two of the sampler plates (a taste of the Bayou, a taste of Louisiana, both $16), and both were great. Get the Bourbon or Brandy milk punch. The staff is friendly, and the service good.Came here after a ghost tour in the quarter after reading reviews about the turtle soup. The place was pretty empty so we were seated quickly and drink orders taken. 
I ordered the gumbo and New potatoes and M had the turtle soup Anna red beans and rice. The dishes were very small portions which was actually okay by us since we weren't starving. 
The turtle soup was really tasty - probably the best part of the meal. My gumbo was lukewarm so I just sort of picked at it. I didn't feel comfortable sending it back. The garlic bread was good, the potatoes were ok, a bit bland. M said the sausage in the red beans and rice was really tasty so no complaints. 
I think if you are looking for nawlins fare in a non-tourist trap, this is the place for you!Disappointing at best. I sat at the bar on a Sunday night and expected some good NOLA cooking here.  The prices are high and the dishes are small.  
I tried the crawfish étouffée and it came out cold.  The portion was less than a cup of soup and it was pretty bland in flavor.  
The only reason I gifted 2 stars is the bartender was attentive, the beer was cold, and their Cajun cole slaw was delicious. 
My take- stop in to get a drink to go and eat elsewhere.Prices were decent, food was good (especially the turtle soup). Being a fish lover, I ordered the blackened catfish to go along with the soup which was also very tasty. Decent atmosphere along with reasonably priced drinks.  I try to go here at least once every time I'm in NOLA...Our party of 4 looked at several restaurants' menus posted outside. We chose Remoulade for the Cajun variety of the menu. 1 ordered the crawfish pie & 1 ordered the meat pie. Neither liked their dishes. Both stated that they were very bland and the fries were not fresh. Another member of our party ordered the Red Beans & Rice. While the presentation of the dish looked good, the beans were very pasty and barely warm. Being vegetarian, I ordered the steamed broccoli and the Caesar side salad. The broccoli was steamed perfectly, but the salad was tasteless and wet. 
Our waiter was very attentive on keeping our water glasses and bar drinks filled, however.
The restaurant was clean and the lighting was nice, but  with all of the options to eat Cajun food in NOLA, we will never try this one again.Remoulade's has a lot going against it, and only really one good thing going for it: you can get food from Arnaud's kitchen.
Arnaud's has one of the best kitchens in the city: the turtle soup if unbeatable and the oysters Arnaud are the stuff of legend. Someone knew what they were doing when they set up Remoulade's because both these are on the menu.
Basically, Remoulade's is the dressed-down (i.e., football fans and Bourbon street traffic) face of Arnaud's (you can wear jeans and T-shirt and you'll pay far less for the menu items from Arnaud's). Unfortunately, at lot of the other food on the menu is real crap, and if the Arnaud's kitchen is busy then you shitty service. When we ordered oyster's Arnaud we were told the kitchen didn't have time to make one of the sauces for us, so two of the oysters came out bare. Likewise, when we asked if our slice of pecan pie could be warmed up we were told the kitchen was too busy.
Worst of all, all on entrees came out at once except for one, which came out a whopping 15 minutes after the first ones. So by the time the last person in our group of 5 was served, the rest of us were finished with our meals. Shitty shitty shitty service. Our waitress seemed to be hurried any time we asked her for something and didn't seem to care that one entree came out way after the others.
Of the dishes we ordered, the oysters Arnaud were great (the ones for which the kitchen HAD TIME to make for us) as was the turtle soup. Just like Arnauds. The meat pies were disgustingly greasy. The jambalaya was absolutely flavorless and the etouffee was just crayfish in a super salty, gelatinous sauce. Overall, Remoulade's is disappointing.We've been back for the turtle soup on two visits in 2016, and again this past week. During our week-long stay, we stopped in for the turtle soup on three occasions. Yes, it's that good. The batch made this past Friday (February 16) that was served during the lunch hour was particularly on point. It seemed a bit thicker than usual, and our whole table agreed that it was the best we've had yet.  Keep up the great work!Don't let the outside face of this restaurant on Bourbon St. fool you.  Inside is a quaint, but small, restaurant with a full service bar.  Seventeen or eighteen tables and about 20 seats at the bar.  It is small but the food is very good and the staff are very friendly.
  Prices are decent and the servings are large.  Seafood is the main ingredient on the menu so if you're a steak lover, Remoulade is not for you.
  The Fried Seafood Combo basket was great.  Six shrimp, four fingerling Catfish and four or five decent sized oysters, all sitting on a bed of french fries.  Can't get this anywhere else in the French Quarter for the same price!.
  Should you decide to visit, ask for Bryce.  Bryce was very attentive, friendly, and met our every need with a smile.  When waiters treat their customers like Bryce did, we don't mind providing a high tip.
God Job, Remoulade !!Cannot believe this only 3 stars!  Food was great! Service was great!  Overall, great for the first meal in NOLA!  You really need to try this place!The 'buffalo' wings have a great flavor as well as the Seafood Gumbo. The Gumbo was served lukewarm with bread. Our server Ashley was very nice and efficient. The wing are hot without being too salty or with lingering heat in your mouth. The wing could have been fried harder.This place is ok, quaint & cute. I had the stuffed crab and some crazy big frozen blue drink. BF had the jambalaya and it tasted like plain 'ol Spanish rice? Definitely the MOST boring jambalaya of our entire weekend, get it somewhere else.  However, it is casual and not as expensive as many of the other fancy restaurants in the French Quarter so I think it would be worth stopping in for dinner if you are planning on spending the bulk of your cash on booze that night. Service was mediocre, bartender kept bringing us our drinks because they were sitting on the bar too long....so yay for her!Thoroughly enjoyed Remoulade. We arrived early (~6PM) and did not have to wait. The staff was super friendly and talkative. The food was delicious. We had the oyster sampler, Taste of the Bayou, and Taste of Louisiana. These included meat pies, crawfish pies, gumbo, jambalaya, and turtle soup. Our favorite were the meat pie and the gumbo. Excellent meal for the price. Clean environment perfect for the family on Bourbon Street.Sat at the oyster bar and had some on the half shell, chargrilled and finished off with some peel and eat shrimp.  All were very good and the service quick and friendly.  Prices are a little higher than some of the other seafood joints in the Quarter but not so much we would not return.  An aside, the peel and eat shrimp have their heads still on which kind of grossed out my wife so I had to decapitate to enhance her dining enjoyment.  Leaving the heads on would also mean a smaller serving of meat since they are sold by the pound...Sad! 
The service was both slow and sloppy, as we had to remind our server to bring our drinks multiple times, and never received some items we ordered. The cheese fries leave a lot to be desired, and have a plastic taste to them. I will admit the crab cakes were the one good thing about the food. Would not recommend!3/13/2018
Had about a 10 minute wait until I got sat. Our waitress greeted us about 8 minutes after we got sat, brought some cold, hard French bread, also brought our drinks separately and sort of threw our silverware on the table with no napkin under which is dirty. Whenever the pizzas came out she never even bothered to check on us or refills. Slowest service ever. The andouille sausage pizza and this busser who was attentive is why I'm giving this place 2 stars out of 5.Ate at the bar, but have to admit that the bartender was AWESOME! Completely is aware and knows his job well.  He made some good hurricanes!  He made the experience wonderful.  We ordered some delicious oysters that were amazing.  I wish I could have purchased a bunch to bring home.  The oysters with the horse radish and a little cocktail sauce was simply the highlight of most of the food I had tried in NOLA. This place is a little divey restaurant, and has a feel of seafood, but the bartender was really the person that made the night! Would be back to the bar in a heart beat!Overpriced bad food. They put their creole mustard on everything. We weren't the only ones who felt this way as the table next to us said all their dishes tasted like bad mustard. We came in for the " happy hour" which isn't one. $10 wasted on the 6 shrimp.Fresh French bread and the Taste of Louisiana. That was my introduction to New Orleans food, and I wasn't disappointed.