So on our last night in New Orleans we really wanted an awesome meal. 
We had eaten at some of the typical NOLA classics like Galatoire's and Antoine's. But we wanted something a little less "classic" and a little more...new? trendy? high-end? I think we wanted something a little more "New York". We were at the Hotel Monteleone having afternoon cocktails and asked our waitress her recommendations. She said Restaurant August, without a doubt. I had heard of it and a colleague back home who is from New Orleans had recommended it, but because it wasn't one of the tried and true NOLA classics, I didn't pay much attention.
Obviously I opened my Yelp app and checked it out. Solid reviews, people raving about the food, service, atmosphere. A few photos of the food and interior confirmed that it was, indeed, what we were looking for. 
I made a reservation and all they had left was 9PM. No problemo, we are New Yorkers, after all, we are used to eating mad late. 
We walked over from our hotel on Bourbon Street to the restaurant. It was in what I suppose you would call the business part of town. Much quieter than Bourbon Street, people dressed nicer, ect. 
We walked in and were seated immediately. The space is beautiful. The enormous vintage style crystal chandeliers, wood paneled walls, everything was high end and a lot of thought went into it. It was exactly the sort of more modern and trendy version of what those old New Orleans restaurants looked like inside. 
Our server came over immediately to take our drink order. Because I am a complete and total sucker for martinis, I went with that. They were not even close to disappointing. I was swooning over them in minutes. 
The menu was awesome, we had such a hard time choosing what to have. The waiter was very helpful with this. He asked us what jumped out at us and then went through the composition, cooking method and ingredients in each dish and why he thought they were special. It was incredible to hear about the preparation, each dish had a special twist to it, making it far and away different than that same dish at another restaurant. 
We decided to share appetizers. First, we ordered the Foie Gras prepared three ways. Three small portions of foie gras (which is one of my favorite things) all cold or slightly warmed, each composing their own little dish, completely different from each other, yet tying together nicely. We also had the handmade potato gnocchi, tossed with blue crab and black truffle. It was some of the most perfect gnocchi I have ever had. Substantial, but still light and fluffy. The sauce mixed with the crab and truffles...divine. 
Another round of martinis later, and I was all jazzed up for our entrees. 
But first! An amuse bouche. A half quail egg shell stuffed with a Parmesan mousse and topped with an avocado custard...sounds weird, it was amazing and decadent. 
For my main, I ordered the Chappapeela Farms Duckling, with silver queen corn, buttered radish and blackened foie gras. It was SO GOOD. I have recently discovered that I enjoy duck and August did it right. slightly crispy skin, tender meat, the sauces perfectly complimenting the duck, and enough foie gras to have some with each bite of duck. Really, an incredible dish. 
When they offered us dessert, I was a little hesitant because I was so, so full already. But once again, our waiter went through how each dessert is composed and what ingredients are used, so once again we were pumped and all ordered a dish. 
I had the Banana Pudding and OHMYGODDDDDD. You best book your tickets to NOLA for this dish alone. It came with peanut butter, marshmallow and nila wafer ice cream. I was legit licking my plate clean at the end. Everyone at the table said it was amazing. 
I want more! Help!
All throughout the meal the waiter was attentive and friendly, informative and we never wanted for anything. I was sad to go at the end, but so pleased we took the chance on something in the business district. 
When you are in New Orleans, do yourself a favor and try our John Besh's Restaurant August for an amazing fine dining experience that's full of flavor and skill.If there is one meal in New Orleans worth splurging on, it's Restaurant August.  Chef Besh and team know how to put together thoughtful and creative French cuisine with Southern and occasional Asian influences.
Located across the street from the Doubletree Hotel and the slightly shady Canal St, you will find an understated space that strikes a perfect balance between formal and casual.  The front dining room that's visible from the street is lit by the warm glow of crystal chandeliers.  The wood paneled wine cellar room is also a great space.  We sat in the back room on the first floor, which was relatively plain.
We opted to try both the vegetarian (VG - $72) and standard degustation (DG -$97) five course tasting menus and share all the plates.  We were so glad that we did this because there were some clear winners on both sides of the tasting menu.  Here's a breakdown from both menus:
1st Course
(VG) - Soup of turnip & leek:  The soup was delightfully creamy and amazing.  Our favorite item on the VG menu.  5 stars.
(DG) - Lemonfish cru:  A nice crudo served with an Asian hoisin type sauce and satsuma oranges.  A nice start.  3 stars.
------
2nd Course
(VG) - Grilled broccoli & cauliflower Caesar:  Very creative.  I've never thought about using broccoli and cauliflower with Caesar dressing before, but it was excellent.  5 stars.
(DG) - Tripe Tagliatelle:  Amazing.  The tomato sauce is tangy, but doesn't overpower the dish.  The tripe adds nice texture.  Served with bone marrow butter.  We were scraping the bowl with our bread before we relinquished the plate.  Our #2 overall favorite dish.  5 stars.
-----
3rd Course
(VG) - Sunchoke Capellacci:  We did not have a good experience with sunchokes in the past, but August knows how to make delectable pasta like renditions.  4 stars.
(DG) - Bearded Gulf Tuna:  Fantastically prepared tuna that is just seared on the outside and raw on the inside.  Overall #3 favorite dish.  5 stars.
-----
4th Course
(VG) - Sweet Potato & Crispy Kale:  While not a totally new to world dish, the kale was perfectly crisp and the sweet potato was deliciously hearty.  4 stars.
(DG) - Shoulder & Loin of Venison:  If you have any hesitation for venison, fear not.  August knows how to create incredibly flavorful and tender venison that is reminiscent of beef.  Our overall #1 favorite dish.  5 stars.
------
5th Course
(VG) - Green Apple:  Amazing dessert and our favorite dessert from the menus.  The green apple is served almost like a granita and is a great palate cleanser.  It pairs well with the white chocolate and olive oil ice cream.  If you prefer lighter desserts, get this. 5 stars.
(DG) - Vietnamese Ice Coffee:  The more creative of the two desserts, I wasn't sure how much I personally liked this dessert.  The coffee is a jelly, but the coffee flavor could have punched through stronger in my opinion.  It tasted a bit bland.  The black cocoa sherbert and dark chocolate was awesome, however.  4 stars. 
------
Waitstaff was excellent.  Friendly, professional, efficient.  All the hallmarks of a 5 star level dining experience was observed.  Little details like swapping out our white napkins for black napkins because we were wearing dark clothes.  Asking how we were enjoying each of our dishes after a minute or two.  We could not have been more pleased.
Though I would describe August as 5 star dining, the overall dining experience felt very approachable.  August was by far our favorite dining experience in NOLA and would not hesitate to come back here again for a future dinner.true old school new orleans fine dining, world class service, celebrity chef, james beard awards, what more could you want...very expensive but well priced in class, worth it for that special event or business dinner, this is the type of place where you close the deal.What a beautiful dining experience to be had at August!  Check it:
Love: Frisee Salad with Pumpkin Brittle, Crab Gnocchi
Enamored: Amuse Bouche of White Truffle Custard with Caviar served in an Egg Shell
Love: Filet Mignon with a Potato Funnell imaged to a Bone Marrow 
Fancied: The Roasted Duck
Love: The Vast Selection of Napa Valley Wines
Love to Obession:  The Banana Rum Cake with White Chocolate Shavings
Love: the main dining room with the beautiful exposed bricks and the oppulent chandaliers.  This is a very special restaurant.Overall 4.5 stars, bumped it up instead of down. 
Service: was great at the tables, the bar in the front was OK but bar tenders were not attentive. Considering there was only about 10 people in the bar/waiting area and 2 bar tenders, service should of been awesome but it wasn't. The dining area had a main server and another person that helped and they were awesome, from recommendations, making sure wine and spirits were always flowing. 
Food: We ordered almost every appetizer and everything was good but there were a few stars.
Appetizers:
Foie Gras: made three ways and each had its own distinct take on the traditional, they were all delicious but the PB&J was not my liking only because I am not a fan of sweets. 
Potato Gnocchi: That was smooth silky and delicious, one of my favs. 
Crawfish "touffe": A great take on the traditional, they were wrapped in wonton skins and sat in the eetoufee broth, one of the best eetoufee or toufees I had in NOLA. 
Agnolotti: Rabbit was moist and flavorful without any gaminess at all. 
Entrees: 
Breaded Flounder: delicious and very balanced, it was light and delicate inside and crispy on the outside. 
Roasted Duckling: Duck was flavorful and moist, the foie gras and tomatillo went well together, the tartness of the tomatillo cut through the richness. 
Lamb: This was the only disappointing dish, the lamb was a little overdone which made it a little chewy to eat, it was not horrible but it was not on the same level as the rest of the meal. 
Overall: Strong 4.5 Stars, if it weren't for the overdone Lamb and mediocre service in the bar, the solid 5 stars!What a spectacular dining experience.  The ambiance, service, and especially the food were all impeccable.  Chef John Besh got this one right.  
August came highly recommended by a chef I really admire (Chef Kris Morningstar), so my wife and I went there for a special dinner while in town for her birthday celebration.  It was absolutely exquisite.
I knew we were in for a treat when the amuse bouche blew my mind (I'll come back to this later).  We subsequently indulged in black truffle gnocchi that were incredibly fluffy and delicious--like heavenly little pillows.  The truffle flavor was at the forefront of this dish, yet somehow not overpowering as I feel truffles can sometimes be. I suspect this was because the dish was loaded with fresh truffle shavings as opposed to being doused with truffle oil.  It was magic.  OMG.
We also shared an heirloom tomato salad with lump crab meat.  I'm not a salad guy, but I could live on this dish alone.  So much flavor.  So fresh.  And the crab was delectable.  
For the entree, I had the lamb which was perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious.  The accompanying greens were terrific, but if I had criticize anything out of the whole meal, it would be the starch that was served with the lamb. It was good--it just didn't jive with the rest of the dish for me.  Regardless, I'd still give the entree 9 out of 10.
Service throughout the meal was just right.  Attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable without being intrusive.  I asked our server to pair a wine with the lamb, and after consulting with their sommelier, he served me a glass that was just the right flavor for the dish.  Besides being an excellent pairing that accented both the dish and the wine itself, there were two things that stood out to me:  1) when given authority to select my wine, he did not stick me with a very expensive choice and 2) he brought out the (still unopened) bottle for me to see and taste before serving my 'by the glass' wine.  I've been to a lot of nice restaurants, and I had never experienced this before.  I was so caught off guard that I committed a faux pas and tried to clarify that I only ordered a glass.  He tactfully said, "Yes sir, I just wanted you to have an opportunity to taste the wine before enjoying it with your meal."  First class.
At the end of our meal, we sent our compliments to the chef and to the staff for what was a very memorable evening of fine dining.  Our server informed us that they had a lunch special the following day that we might enjoy, and though we were only in town for a short time, we were compelled to return and have one more meal at August.  Good call.  Once again, everything was ridiculously good (especially my soft shell crab).  Though we had a different server for our lunch, she recognized that we were in the evening before and asked the kitchen to serve a different amuse bouche (so that we wouldn't have the same one we had the evening prior).  Who does that?!  Professionalism at its best.
If you're in New Orleans, go here and splurge.  Don't look at the bill.  Just tip big, sign it, and go to bed happy.Wonderful. I was looking forward to this meal and it did not disappoint. We walked in on a Friday night and grabbed a seat at the bar fairly easily. They have a good amount of seating in the bar area. They have an extensive wine menu, but unfortunately my husband and I were already drunk from all day drinking and did not want to partake in drinking. We were first given delicious bread and homemade butter. I have to admit I am a sucker from bread and butter, but this was freshly baked and the butter was freshly whipped and had this great sour taste. Then we were given a complimentary egg starter. I am honestly not sure exactly what this was, but it was delicious. I think it was whipped egg with caviar on top that gave it this great saltyness. For entrees my husband had the stuffed shrimp with crab that was very good and i had the a fish dish. I am actually forgetting the fish type, but it had a crisp top, I think some type of seared bread with a mushroom and blue crab mixture on top. The topping of the fish was amazing. I did care to much for the fish itself. It was good service and food.Went with my wife in March of 2011. Thoroughly enjoyed the "degustation" (tasting menu). The roast pork "crackling" with ramen noodles and poached duck egg is absolutely a 5-star dish. Also a sucker for blood oranges, of which Chef Besh made excellent use. Is it the best restaurant I've ever been to? No. But would I recommend August to anyone? And would I return? Absolutely yes.Excellent meal with spectacular service.  My wife had the vegetarian tasting menu with the wine pairing and I had the degustation tasting menu with the wine pairing.   Overall everything was spectacular.  The amuse bouche for each of us set things off on the right track.  I loved the soup.  The yellowfin was a little uninspired.  But rest of menu just blew us away.   It was light and flavorful.  The wines paired up perfectly with the dishes.  Strongly recommend.What an amazing meal! Started with trio of foie gras and moved onto duck more foie gras. The service is impeccable also. A must visit.This place is beautiful inside! Very upscale and dressy. 
Dinner: The royal red shrimp & crab ravigote was delicious as well as the potato gnocchi (probably my favorite).  The spicy crab cornmeal tartelette was good, but it's very skimpy, I don't think it's worth getting. I had the roasted grouper for dinner and that was delicous.  The grouper serving was a good amount and the topped blue crab was amazing. 
Dessert: the "Dirt Cake" was delicious with the exception of the passion fruit, I didn't care for it with the chocolate, but the dessert was a good portion, enough to share.  The banana fior di latte was interesting, I only had one bite, not my kind of dessert. Be prepared to spend a lot of money here!Wonderful evening at August! Fabulous food in a beautiful atmosphere. First time there and will definitely return. Service was good as well.Wonderful experience!
Steep pricing ( but appropriate ) for a fine meal.
Try the economy lunch on Friday.Life is short and you have to make Restaurant August a New Orleans Destination!!!  Amazing Mouthful of Hey Now and Happiness!!Our favorite dinner from a recent trip. Everything was perfection - and actually less expensive than expected.  Husband loved the grouper and my soft shell crab was fantastic.  The drinks were creative and the scene was lively.  Highly recommend.One of the overall best meals I've had in a long time. I love duck, and thought mine was cooked perfectly. I forget what kind of orange peppers were on the side, but they were especially delicious. The gnocchi appetizer my husband and I shared was melt in your mouth amazingness. I would definitely recommend visiting this restaurant when you're in New Orleans!Great place and great experience. Service is 5 star. a bit expensive but good food and service.This was my 2nd time eating at August and once again it did not disappoint. The gnocchi is to die for!!We tried the tasting menu with paired wine. Everything was mind blowing delicious and the flavors and textures were playful and fun. The only reason I did not give August five stars is one dish just didn't work for me. Lamb three ways. Saddle (yummy) but sweet breads not so much. It could be personal taste issues with me, but the mouth feel was alarming. There was a third presentation that I don't even know what it was but it tasted like an over-breaded over-fried piece of wood. The saddle of lamb was delicious as was the rest of the meal, I just wish the other lamb never made it to my plate.We had dinner here the other night after hearing some pretty fantastic feedback from local friends and it definitely has reason for the reputation.
The ambiance of the restaurant is intimate and classy in a restored building with grand chandeliers and beautiful large windows. The first room is a small waiting room and bar. Low lighting and definitely tiny enough that I imagine people get pretty snuggly during the dinner rush. The dining room is separated by a glass door 
Our server greeted us as soon as we were seated and brought us out an impressive wine list. My husband discovered his new favorite Riesling and I had a phenomenal Malbec. Our server was knowledgeable about gf and was very accommodating even asking the kitchen to alter a couple dishes slightly making them gf for me.
The first thing we tasted was an amuse-bouche in an eggshell. It was a very interesting flavor and an even more interesting texture. My husband described it like eating clouds that disappear on your tongue! It was an epicurious beginning for sure! Next, I had the spicy crab with cheese grits that they made gf for me and the sauce and texture of the dish were incredible. My husband really enjoyed the potato gnocchi as well. My entree was a venison loin which was served with delicately prepared accompaniments and had a very nice sauce with it. The sausage was not my favorite but that was personal preference. My husband had the pork and loved everything about it. We were too full for dessert but appreciated the complimentary chocolates and pralines they brought us. All dishes were beautiful and artistically plated.
This place certainly delivers on complex flavors, unique and high quality ingredients, and overall provides a delicious meal with professional and attentive service. It is going to be a higher priced outing but they deliver on all accounts so it is certainly worth it.My boyfriend took me here for my birthday. The ambiance of the restaurant is nice, but service was brisk and unimpressive. We did reserve the last seating of the day, but that should be not be an excuse. 
The bread to start was just okay. However, the egg and pumpkin mousse amuse bouche was really light and delicious, with just a hint of pumpkin flavor with the texture of whipped cream. It was a fun way to start our meal.
We also started with the black truffle homemade gnocchi with blue crab. The black truffle shavings on top gave the dish that nice additional crunchy texture and the homemade gnocchi was seriously so amazing. The truffle wasn't overpowering and the blue crab was plentiful, FRESH, and delicious. 
Our second appetizer was equally if not more mind blowing.. the FOIE GRAS 3 WAYS. I'm not going to talk about each one cause you just have to try it for yourself. All 3 were soooo amazing. It's served with a fat and buttery slice of toasted brioche bread. perfection.
Our entrees, especially following the appetizer, were disappointing. I ordered the trout with a hollandaise foam, blue crab, shrimp, and wild mushrooms. The mushrooms were way too salty and the fish a little dry. The hollandaise foam sauce was tangy and yummy, but was just way too salty with the mushrooms. 
My boyfriend ordered the soft shell crab with brown butter. Needless to say, this was a super heavy dish. It was tasty but not amazing. 
We finished our meal with a complimentary dessert sampler, all of which were really goodThe gnocchi was PHENOMENAL. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars in my book is because I can't justify the tiny portion. I wanted a bottomless bowl of the stuff. The grouper was equally delicious and so moist. Sorry, gross word. Overall great experience, though. Very attentive staff. Plusssss there is only a small corkage fee so you can BYO favorite bottle.If dessert is any prediction of what a meal here could be like, you'll need to find room for another star!
The tinkling music in the background melds well with the twinkling chandeliers alight throughout the establishment. I sat in the seating area of the bar but there are tall windows connecting you to the adjoining room where you can see everyone enjoying their meals under soft lighting - which as you know makes everyone look better!
The staff are very efficient and professional. The ambiance is definitely upscale so save this for a night when you have time to get gussied up proper-like. 
I enjoyed the banana pudding with a glass of champagne and wished I was brave enough to have ordered two servings - it was that good. The presentation makes it "almost" too good to eat, but after a small taste you are full-speed ready to devour this. Bites of marshmallow, peanut butter banana pudding, nilla wafer crumble AND ice cream?! *sigh*
Just a few minutes off Canal Street, this is a great night cap location to finish off the night - or get it started!A sublime dining experience. We brought our three children, and they were extremely accommodating. Wine pairings with the tasting menu were superb.My husband and I had dinner here a couple of weeks ago, and it was everything we thought it would be! Some places never live up to the hype, but that's not the case with August.  Everything we had was delicious!
Appetizer- we had the gnocchi, and long story short- it was amazing
Entree- I had the trout amandine and it was the best I've ever had.  My husband had the steak and it was also really good.
Dessert- I had the banana pudding, which just won an award recently for best dessert, and it was hands down the best dessert I've ever had.  There were so many different flavors- peanut butter ice cream, banana pudding, vanilla wafers....pure awesomeness.My wife and I had a lovely lunch at Restaurant August today.  The $20.11 price fixed lunch is an amazing value, the food was exquisite,  and the service impeccable.   My wife was particularly enamored of her heirloom tomato appetizer, as the balsamic pearl provided what she referred to as a taste explosion.  I really enjoyed the lamb belly entrée,  but it was all good.  Highly recommended.We went for the prixe fixe lunch- what a great deal! We had an amazingly attentive waiter who didn't rush us and took the time for small talk, which we enjoyed. The food was superb- flavorful, fresh, local, organic/natural, perfectly executed. As former farmers, we are extremely picky about the quality of our food. I was happy to hear that Chef Besh is raising his own heritage breeds of pigs on pasture and that much of the food was local and organic. 
Warm, full fat (but not greasy), inventive, fresh Southern cuisine!Such a nice experience for farm to table dining in Nola. I'm vegan but chef was able to realign the vegetarian tasting menu. Awesome service. Attentive without hovering. Coquette is a bit better for the food but August makes up for it with spectacular service and ambience and location.We are staying at the Windsor Court Hotel and decided to try August for lunch upon the recommendation of good friends. We were dressed appropriately based on other nice NOLA restaurants we've been to. When we walked into the completely empty restaurant at 11:30am, the  hostess said there was nothing available in the dining room for the entire lunch period. It was puzzling, so we returned to our hotel, where the concierge promptly told us there was an available reservation at 11:45am available at August. After being treated this respectfully by the restaurant, we will never bother to try it.  Very disappointing, as we dine out all over the country and always promote a good dining and service experience.  Thumbs down to this one!We had a prix fixe lunch here and it was very good. We didn't get the chance for dinner but would like to return another time for that. We thought the prix fixe lunch was a good deal for what you get and would happily return again. The restaurant is fairly large and decorated well. Everything was very clean and the staff were attentive. White tablecloth service even during lunch. 
Visited October 2012We were traveling to NOLA to celebrate our wedding anniversary, and Restaurant August was recommended to us by a few friends, so we decided to give them a try--so glad we did!
The restaurant is in an older building, with wonderfully high ceilings and unusual historical features (ie: rounded corners).  The front dining room, where we sat, had beautiful chandeliers and a warm buzz.  The service was excellent; just what you would expect-attentive, yet subtle, and not rushed.
We decided to try their current Degustation menu, complete with wine pairings.  This was $140/person and worth every single cent.
If you can swing it, do yourself a huge favor and try the Degustation-it's such a great way to really see the talent of a chef.
The menu included 5-courses:  
Salad of local watermelon and roasted plums
with house smoked lamb bacon and herbed yogurt
Paired with
Prosecco & Raboso, Ca'Vittoria Brut Rosé,
Conegliano-Valdobbiadene DOCG, Italy, NV
Two Run Farm sweetbread tortellini
chanterelles, Aleppo pepper and goat milk Asiago
Paired with
Pinot Grigio, La Bellanotte, Ramato, "Conte Lucio,"
Collio, Friuli, Italy, 2009
Grilled jumbo Louisiana shrimp over popcorn rice risotto
with baby squash, Progress Dairy Creole cream cheese
and house made chorizo
Paired with
Marsanne, Ferraton Père & Fils, Crozes-Hermitage Blanc,
Rhone Valley, France, 2010
Chappapeela Farms pork "graton"
crushed field peas, bing cherries and cherry pork jus
Paired with
Pinot Noir, Thierry & Pascale Matrot, Monthélie,
Cote de Beaune, Burgundy, France, 2009
Chocolate "chess pie"
Paired with
Valrhona feuilletine and peppermint ice cream
Moscato di Asti, Elio Perrone, "Sourgal,"
Piedmont, Italy, 2010
We THOROUGHLY enjoyed each course, with the shrimp and risottto as our favorite, and all made us realize the true excellence of Chef John Besh.
I hope someday we'll venture back to NOLA and experience August again-it was simply divine and an absolutely wonderful experience from start to finish.A Yelp friend received this restaurant as a recommendation.  We ordered several plates to sample as much of the menu as possible.  The foie gras prepared three ways was delicious.  But the gnocchi was our favorite.  Add on top of the the great service and this was by far one of my best dining experiences in New Orleans.Restaurant August benefits from the famed chef, John Besh, and its beautiful location within an antique townhouse.  The multi-level dining space offers customers several quaint rooms in which to enjoy their elaborate meals.  The steep prices are offset by the extremely professional and courteous service.  However, the food does not live up to expectations.
My friend and I began our meal with full-bodied glasses of Savignon Blanc and Cabernet.  We also enjoyed crisp, doughy rolls similar to mini-baguettes.  Our delightful amuse bouche consisted of a large quail egg stuffed with a creamy foie gras and truffle mousse, all topped with fresh black caviar.  For an appetizer, I ordered the Salad of Heirloom Beets, Crab Meat, cherry wood Bacon, Mizuna (mustard greens), and Quail Eggs with Black-Eyed Pea Croutons.  The salad was tart and overdressed.  The bacon was pure fat and almost impossible to digest.  The "crab meat" was more of a salad and was drenched in mayonnaise.  The beets provided a necessary crunch and sweetness to the otherwise bitter salad.  My friend started with the Hand-Made Potato Gnocchi, which were blended with a creamy blue crab and Perigold truffle sauce.  The gnocchi were rich and comforting, though had little shellfish or truffle essence.  
Our entrees were inspired but poorly executed.  My Speckled Trout was breaded and greasily fried.  The crisp fish was served among Louisiana crab, white shrimp, toasted almonds, all coated in a sauce mousseline.  The dish was very heavy and not my taste.  My friend's Kobe Beef Short Ribs were tender and slow-braised.  They were plated with rapini, baby root vegetables, and a rösti potato.  While the short ribs were an improvement when compared to my seafood meal, they were still unsatisfying.  We decided to pass on dessert after such lackluster pre-courses, but were granted some delicious macaroons that were the highlight of the meal.  
Restaurant August provides a marginal culinary experience, but is over-hyped and over-priced.I was sitting at the bar so I'm not sure how was the service in the main dining room, but service at the bar was ok.. Food was good as expected for a 4 star restaurant but nothing outstanding.  In fact I don't remember what I had from just a couple nights ago. Hmm..Every meal here has been nothing short of amazing...from the food, to the waitstaff, to the ambiance.  Our last meal was on New Years Eve and fantastic.  Even though the bone marrow wrapped in potato was not on the menu for the night, once my girlfriend asked about it the waiter mentioned it to the chef and he added it to our meal without hesitation.  The lamb and filet were wonderful along with the blue crab gnocchi appetizer and bannana rum white chocolate shaving cake.  I will never visit New Orleans without eating at August!!! Thank you John Besh!!!chef John Besh creates some awesome dishes. full of flavor but with delicate precision.  had a wonderful 5 course lunch, awesome service :)Highly recommend! The food is exquisite but the restaurant isn't stuffy at all. We went in thinking we'd do the tasting menu and the super friendly and knowledgable wait staff helped us craft our own. From the amuse to dessert everything was pretty perfect. Highlights are the black truffle gnocchi and the trout with roasted wild mushrooms. The blonde chocolate cake was one of the top 10 desserts of our lives. Special place perfect for a special occasion. Lovely decor. Go go go!Had dinner there this past Sunday for our 10th anniversary.  One of the best dining and eating experiences.  To say the least the service was top notch and we felt well cared for and the wine recommendations were spot on.
My wife chose the squash blossom dishes from the vege fixed side and that was fantastic.  I had the foie app and it was great, though I was not a fan of the peanut butter and jelly creation.  The peanuts over powered the foie and it just tasted like P&J which I wasn't expecting. 
I had the lamb and my wife the Wagyu dish.  Both were amazing but the Wagyu was the best dish Ive ever tasted.Eh.  I don't know about this place.  The decor is nice, warm and inviting but I came here for the food so lets get down to business.  We sat at the bar and waited for an extremely long time for drinks.  The bartender was busy and noticeably stressed but seemed to be trying to keep up so we were forgiving.  The amuse bouche was, simply put, terrible.  It was some kind of fish custard with caviar in an egg shell.  The egg shell idea was cute but really, room temperature fish custard?  Think about that for a second. Yup, no good.  We ordered the gnocchi to start which was fantastic..light and fluffy with a perfect cream and truffle sauce. Delicious. 
     My friend had some questions about the lamb dish...there was a word we didn't know and unfortunately can't remember now.  We asked the bartender and she said she didn't know but thought it was the name of the farm it came from.  We knew that was incorrect and had an inkling it was the cut of meat so asked her to ask someone else.  Turns out we were correct. We then asked if it was similar to a rack of lamb and the bartender again said she didn't know and that she doesn't know what a rack of lamb is. What?  I'm sure Josh Besh would flip if he knew that.  Then she told us she always orders chicken fingers when she goes out to dinner.  Um. Perhaps she should keep that to herself.
      Ok, back to the food.  The whole lamb thing threw us off and I decided to order the white asparagus soup.  It was hardly edible and tasted like tangy warm cream and butter.  White asparagus isn't exactly the most flavorful veg but I was floored that the chef let that dish come out of the kitchen.  I sent it back to the kitchen which is something I rarely do.  The manager came over and said sorry, "want me to run across the street and get you some gumbo instead?". What?  I told him I didn't like gumbo.  Whether he was joking or not it was still extremely unprofessional.  I've worked in the business for years and know that you don't handle customers like that. rude.
At that point we were turned off by the food and moved on to dessert.  The dessert we had was delicious.....toffee/nougat Napoleon with a salted toffee ice cream....it was SUPERB.
All in all, I think this place is overrated.  The bartenders need a ton more training on food and customer relations.  The food is so so but to their credit, I only tried three things and 2 out of three were good. Not great. Good.
I don't think I'll be making a return visit any time soon.I was seriously disappointed with this restaurant. The front door staff was nice and seated us right away (we had a reservation). The waiter's assistants (food runners, etc) were super nice and responsive, but the service from waiter was terrible. His entire focus was on a big table of 6 next to us, likely assuming their bill would be much bigger than our table of only 2 people. 
We sat for about 10 -15 mintues before anyone came over to offer us drinks, and it was a food runner not the waiter. We ordered a bottle of wine, which finally came after another 10-15 minutes. It was not cold enough for a bottle of white. Meanwhile the waiter, who still has not come to our table, is bringing out bottles of wine to the table of 6 right next to us. It's not like he didn't see us, so it was clear we were simply not his priority. During the meal, we literally had to ask a food runner for a refill of our glasses which would go empty for 5-10 minutes. Again, the food runner came to the rescue-- zero attention from the waiter. It was really ridiculous. We were actually laughing about how bad it was. 
We both found the food to be way oversalted, from the egg amuse bouche to the redfish served in the shape of a cylinder with crab meat stuffed inside. The black truffle gnocchi appetizer had no more than 8 tiny pieces of the blandest gnocchi I've ever tasted and hardly any truffle flavor. The beet and bacon salad which I was pretty excited about (expecting a super-gourmet version of a salad with pretty simple ingredients) was just an o.k. salad with simple ingredients. Nothing to write home about. Needless to say we passed on dessert and I don't plan on returning.World class dining on par with any 3 star Michelin restaurants you will ever fall into. Impeccable in every way.  But for $20.12?  Are you bloody kidding me? What was so amazing is that even on the lunch special we were treated like royalty.  There were 2 amuse in the three courses and the service was a perfect blend of NOLA hospitality and old world class.  Without a doubt one of the greatest places we have ever been and we have been to a lot of places.  Enjoyed a nice dry Provence rose for about $45 that was the perfect compliment to the food and the setting.  You could have closed your eyes and thought you were in St Remy but when you hear the booming voice of Mark the head waiter, you knew you were smack dab in the South.  And as a Southerner myself, that's were I like to be.  
The complete pate kit was one of the greatest presentations of the French standard I have ever seen.  You can only experience it and really can't explain it.  Anyone who knows food must include this spot on their rotation.  It is now forever on mine.My fiance and I got a reservation a month in advance for our Holiday trip to NOLA.  I had heard such incredible things about this restaurant - and unfortunately it failed to live up to my expectations.
Food:
We started with an amuse bouche - delicious.  Our appetizers: market salad and red curry.  Both were incredible, well-balanced and beautifully served.  The salad may have been the "perfect" dish (and wish I knew what exactly was in it so I could recreate).  The curry, while flavorful and overall excellent, did not need the pork belly.
Great start - with a poor finish.  We both ordered the "select cuts of beef" - my fiance had the filet, I had the bone-in-rib eye.  The meat was sub-par.  The most disappointing aspect was the kitchen's failure to trim the rib eye!!!  I had to cut off two inches of pure fat (not the edible kind) before finding an edible morsel.  This is absolutely amateur - and unbelievable for a $50 cut of beef.  The bone marrow crust was not a great addition to the beef (which itself had a poor texture and so-so marbling).
Overall - very disappointing.  Will not return.Had high hopes for this place, as heard nothing but good things about the food & service. Our service was excellent waiter was very friendly, knowledgeable and knew the menu & ingredients like nobody's business. The problem was cold fish, 3 of the 7 members of our party ordered the same fish dish, all three came cold. Yuk cold fish. No biggie, sometimes mistakes happen.  The issue is what they did from here. The cook/staff obviously just took the fish still on the plate(s) and just stuck them in the oven as when they came back the plates were piping hot but the fish was not at all.  The waiter came back to our table and said that he had taken our plates of fish back to the kitchen and that he had put his fingers in our fish and it was indeed cold for the SECOND time Kudos for telling the truth & trying to accommodate us.  Why would the restaurant choose to try & just reheat our fish, this is NOT Red Lobster, this was in my opinion a short cut.  We did not have them try for a third time, free desserts , blah blah. But dinner for those of us that were lucky enough to have our entrees arrive eatable  while the others did not.  Think that mistakes happen it's how you handle them.  Had no need for free desserts as was planning to go to Cafe Dumont, still got a bill for &350+ will not go back too many other fabulous places to go.  Wish it had not worked out this way as we regularly stay at the hotel across the street and this would have been our regular stopBy far the best meal we had in New Orleans - probably in our entire NOLA history of visits
Seeing Restaurant August had a Veggie Tasting Menu, we knew this was somewhere we needed to try - made our rezzies way ahead of time to ensure our slot & you'll want to do the same, veggie or not.  They were quoting a 2 hr wait time & this was at 9:30pm!!
When people make a fuss about you *must* dress up, pay no attention!  We personally decided to dress Business Casual & were the middle of the road.  I loved the fact this place was eclectic - people were in jeans / polos, all the way to very dressy.
And I have a surprise for you.....money spends the same no matter what you're wearing.  In San Francisco, we don't stand on pretense & I'm happy to see New Orleans isn't as strict w/ their dress codes like they used to be, either.  If you want to be fancy, do it.  If you want to be more casual, do it...the choice is YOURS.  It makes for a more pleasurable dining experience when one is comfortable.... okay, off the soap box
Arrived a bit early & decided to enjoy their bar - the Mr had a Pisco Sour & it was foamy & smooth.  I ordered a lavender-gin something-or-other whose name I can't remember but it was the winner.  Tart from the lemon, sweet from the lavender & the gin was strong but not overpowering
A table opened even before our drinkys were ready but we were a bit disappointed to find they seated us almost next to the entrance.  It was chilly w/ the door opening all the time so we asked to be moved & got a wonderful table inside a small, intimate, room = much better!
Amuse Bouche - whipped egg w/ teeny chewy bites of crispy leek ( or onion) but it was savory & had a bit of chew that made it outstanding
Veggie Tasting Menu + Wine Paring - you *have* to do the wine paring!
1st Course:  Sweet Pea Soup w/ Artichoke Crisps.  This was a cold soup w/ incredible pungent taste.  Peas tend to be a bit bland but not here - loved the strong pea taste & the crisps added a nice texture layer that complimented the soup very well
2nd Course:  Stuffed Artichoke w/ Blood Orange Aioli & Green Olives. Another winner - the artichoke was perfectly soft but stood up to the slicing & dicing.  Paired w/ the olives added a nice flavor layer of saltiness & chew that I'd never thought to put together
3rd Course:  Cauliflower "steak" w/ Caramelized Chanterelles Mushrooms in Balsamic Reduction.  The cauliflower was charred (in a good way) and was caramelized & when paired w/ those mushrooms & mopped up in the sauce, it was a treat
4th Course:  Gnocchi w/ Truffle & Butter Sage Sauce  ( This was an addition of our own & is not found on their regular tasting menu but after reading the description & hearing the waiter describing it to fellow diners, we *had* to try!  And biggest props to the waiter to ensure this was veggie for us - as it usually has crab - and a fishy sauce, which was subbed out )
Soft pillows that were fluffy w/ just a bit of chew - on the verge of being overcooked (1 little pillow was) but the truffle taste was abundant & pungent & the butter sauce added a nice richness that was a delight
5th Course:  Banana Pudding - caramelized banana, banana meringue, Niller Wafer ice cream, PB powder, & a marshmallow drizzle.  Knowing marshmallow is on the  veggies' naughty list due to its being made w/ gelatin, we were happily informed theirs had NO gelatin.....score!  This was eye-roll inducingly good & might even rank as 1 of my most delish desserts ever tasted!...... paired this w/ a few cognacs & the combo was heightened even more
The check is presented w/ little Pralines which were likewise phenomenal - soft, fresh, & buttery w/ that lovely pecan chew!
Total damage?
2 people
3 hrs
6 courses
Cocktails, wine pairing & multiple cognacs
$385 (including tip)
This was a bargain & we'll definitely make this a place for every visit!We chose this restaurant since we had such a great dining experience at one of John Besh's other restaurants, Luke. The restaurant is enormous and the dining rooms are spectacular. This is fine dining to its best! Each table is assigned 2 servers to attend to our every desire. If you have a sip of water, they are there to refil it in the next 5 minutes. I wish we were hungrier so we could have opted for the 4-course tasting menu, but we just were not hungry enough. 
He started with shrimp shu-mai, basically shrimp potstickers. The consumme was amazing and brimming with seafood flavor. I started with the local chop salad, filled with all sorts of local vegetables and fruits. I thoroughly enjoyed the salad and savored every bite. Some of the included items were pomegranate seeds, cauliflower, pear, and carrots. 
He ordered the redfish and I ordered sugar and spice duckling. The redfish was perfectly cooked and the broth was savory as well. The duck was flavored just like how duck is often cooked in Chinese restaurants. The foie gras was a delectable treat on the dish. The grits were not too flavorful on their own, but it was good to soak up the sauce.
We normally share one dessert, but we each had to order our own dessert since everything looked good. He ordered the ambrosia, filled with fruit perfectly in season, such as figs and berries. They even included tiny mini marshmallows scattered between fruit. I ordered the goat milk cheesecake. It was a light cheesecake on top of a crunchy almond crust and topped with a piece of white chocolate. There was a streak of balsamic caramel across the plate, which added some acidity to cut through the cheesecake. Dessert was one of the best parts of the meal
The bill came with pieces of chocolate truffles and peanut brittle. They were both unspeakably decadent.Had an early dinner tonight, alone.  Restaurant August lived up to my expectations.  This is my eighth or ninth time here over the years.  I can now say I have never had anything less than an excellent dinner.  I started with a glass of Duval Leroy champagne in the bar as they opened.  Followed with the foie gras three ways, Pecan smoked beef and a glass of J Christopher Pinot Noir (Willamette Valley).  The foie was delectable!  The Pinot was quite good.  The beef was fantastic on the unsmoked cut, but over smoked on the other.  cutting off the edge diminished the smoke to a great flavor and the beef was fantastic.  I ordered another glass of Napa Cabernet which was not good, but when I didn't drink it found it was not on my bill, without saying anything.  That is classy!  Finished with the banana pudding which was good and a glass of Germain-Robin brandy from California (one of my favorites) and a perfect cup of french press coffee.  Only way to finish was a 1.5 mile walk back to the time-share while talking to my wife.  What a great night!  
Don't miss a chance for a real Five Star dinner here.Service is impeccable.  Was not a fan of the food - with the exception of the amazing banana pudding which is unlike any you've ever had before.  This deconstructed creation was heavenly.  In fairness to August, everyone else was quite pleased with there food.  I'd say, unless you have a sophisticated pallet and enjoy different flavors and foods, you might want to stay away from August and go another Besh restaurant like Luke.I had very high expectation before coming to dine here. It was definitely a very memorable and romantic night with my bf. We had the 6 course dinner with wine pairings. We were led to a private corner table, which was exactly what we were looking for. You can see the entire wine selections which were just amazing. The staff was very knowledgable when we asked questions on the dishes and wines. The services was exceptional. The food was so good and well presented. Nothing I can complain about - it's perfect!Friday lunch is a must here; be sure to make reservations far in advance unless you can get there before 12 and sit in the bar (first come basis). The prie fixe is a wonderful sample of the style of cuisine Besh does so well, and is priced by the year ($20.15, better come before the price goes up next year ;-)Restaurant August, from James Beard award-winning chef, John Besh is a swanky eatery that's all the rage in NOLA. Although pricey, we opted for the degustation menu for the most rounded gourmet experience. First course was crabmeat, jellyfish and shrimp salad with fresh herbs and fish sauce. Although my least favorite, it was fine dining in the highest order. Next came calabaza squash cappelletti (pasta) with oxtail and bone marrow. I've never been a fan of bone barrow until this dish when it melted like butter and united with the sauce to become, quite possibly, the best dish of the trip. 
For the full review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/I have eaten at Michelin star restaurants all over the world and I can sincerely say this is one of the best meals I've ever had. Flavors so unique my tastebuds could barely process them. Preparations so beautiful they should be displayed in a museum. If you're looking to splurge while in town, this is your place. The portion sizes are pretty small so go for the tasting menu!Good taste and service. 
The cookies in the end is a bit too sweet but everything else is great. 
Lovely dinnefThis was the best meal in New Orleans for us. We had early reservations and were seated quickly. They have a tasting menu that you can also order ala carte in addition to the regular menu items. We got the yellowtail cru from the tasting menu, gnocchi, crispy pompano, and pork tenderloin. You must ask questions on the menu items! They only list a few ingredients but it is so much more. The yellowtail cru reminded me of lox. The gnocchi was the best that I've ever had. They are usually too gummy but these were really like pillows. I was between the pompano and the grouper but decided to get pompano since it was a lighter dish. However it was still full of flavor and I love the white fish with the crispy skin. My husbands pork came with crispy dirty rice which cooked very different than typical creole style. Last but not least we got dessert. Our server was really enthusiastic and described everything on the menu. We decided to go with his recommendations of almond halwa and ants on a log. They also gave us the banana pudding which was rated best in the city. We didn't want to order it since we just had banana pudding the night before but we were so glad to try it. It was very different than typical puddings but it had a moist banana bread, brûlée bananas. The almond halwa was good but the black currant sauce was too powerful. The ants on a log was very interesting with different textures and I loved the creativity in the dish. Lastly the bill came with some small treats that were just as tasty. So if you're too stuffed for dessert, you'll get some small sweets to end the night. The service was fabulous, my water was never more than 2/3 empty and everyone was very friendly. This has got to be one of the top restaurants I've ever been.Wellllll I'm going to start by saying that this review is going to be very biased, but still completely accurate and reliable.  Think 7 o'clock news.  
This is where my fiance proposed to me so "woo hoo as good as it gets" is putting it mildly.  
The food here is exquisitely prepared, balanced and presented.  Your palate will do back-flips, pirouettes, and jazz hands.  Taste the fresh juiciness of seasonal tomatoes kicked up with the punch of pickled melons.  Let a perfectly seared duck breast or foie gras melt in your mouth.  Seriously.  Don't chew, just let it melt.  Cut into a tender, perfectly cooked rib eye with the most flavorful marrow-breadcrumb crust and compliment that savory, smoky meatiness with (again) fresh, juicy, sweet tomatoes.  Finish it with a devil's food cake that would melt even his heart.  Deeply chocolate without being heavy and set off with fresh, juicy cherries.  Just divine!
The service here is impeccable.  August in one of those places that has mastered the art of making you feel informed, taken care of, spoiled, and still left in peace.  We had 3 servers and 1 sommelier who were all perfect gentlemen.  They kindly answered all our questions, helped us making the perfect choices for the night, and helped my fiance execute a flawless proposal that involved quite a few different roles and responsibilities.
The restaurant itself has a simple, classy and understated atmosphere.  The lounge/bar area is really nice and would be perfect for a more casual get together with a small group of friends or the start/end of a date.  The actually dining rooms a great for larger groups and intimate dinners (obvi!).   
Thank you Warren, Jeff, Erald and of course John Besh for creating a space where excellent memories are made--even if you're not getting proposed to.This was the ultimate dining experience, and probably THE BEST I have ever had. Do the degustation menu with wine pairings and prepare to be in food-awe.Divine food and superb service. It was definitely a splurge, but the meal was well worth it!
We weren't dressed up and were worried we'd be turned away or told to wear something else, but we were treated wonderfully.Verdict - beautiful restaurant, exciting food and great service.
We went to Restaurant August on 4/19, party of three. The restaurant is beautiful, and as far as I could tell, well laid out - there are few "bad" tables. The service is impeccable - gracious and friendly, with a touch of Southern charm. Our server's recommendations hit the mark - the huitlacoche agnolotti (rabbit and agnolotti pasta)  is a delightfully spiced, robust melange of flavors. The duckling was perfectly done - I prefer my meat a little on the rare side, and this was perfect for me. Others might prefer it spend a few extra minutes in the pan. The blackened foie gras was sublime. The radish, essential for their texture in this dish could have used more careful prep - they were rather unevenly cut, which made a couple of pieces unpleasantly hard. Still, that's nothing more than a nitpick and did not detract from an excellent entree.
The only (tiny) issue I can think of, was with their vegetarian options. One of our party is vegetarian, and her grilled eggplant, while competently executed, wasn't nearly in the same class as the other entrees. Given the growing popularity of vegetarian and vegan diets in the US, it might make sense for to spend more time and thought on high-quality vegetarian choices. 
Still, that minor issue isn't enough to cut any stars here - Restaurant August is a wonderful dining experience. I will happily return next time I'm in the Big Easy.My friend and I dropped in at Restaurant August right before an hour long rain pour. For $20.11 we engaged in a  Prix Fixe 3-course lunch.  I had heard about Chef John Besh from his efforts after Hurricane Katrina hit and thereafter, when he oozed his Southern charm while competing on Top Chef Masters.
The restaurant occupies multiple floors, where the kitchen and restrooms were on a second floor, up a staircase and the dining room is on the main floor. The building has exposed brick throughout and was built in the 1800s. 
The servers were very  kind and presented guests with a complimentary amuse bouche of an egg mouse in an egg shell.  It was not something I would order independently, however I liked the presentation. The warm sourdough bread and soft butter was phenomenal. I couldn't stop filling up on the bread.
We had bacon, slivers of radish and walnut salad, then the salty and buttery pork belly, soft potato gnocci and wild mushrooms was my favorite dish. Finally, we had for dessert a tart with ice cream and plums.
I appreciated the complimentary chocolate and buttery peanut brittle endingThis is by far the best restaurant in America. I love the space and I love the way JB has broken up the meal around almost autonomous production units: appetizers, free treats, main course, baking and desserts. Saying it again: I promise you this is the very best restaurant in America. Come and judge!Best food and service in town.  Waiter Mark was very informative about all the dishes and how they were prepared.    I will be back when I go to New Orleans again, hopefully soon.What an experience.  The service makes you feel like you're their only client. Drop a piece of cutlery and before you can pick it up a server has a new one for you.   The food is very rich and very tasty.  A must place to eat for a special occasion or just to spoil yourself.Everything about our dinner was perfect from start to finish. Food was delicious and well planned out. The server was so gracious and knowledgeable. We will be back next time we are in town.I knew that most of my trip to NOLA would be consumed with consuming traditional NOLA foodstuffs, but for our big splurge dinner i wanted something different. I wanted a fabulous place, where local and traditional Louisiana ingredients were done in an ultra modern style. Cutting edge cuisine with overtones of new Orleans. August fit that bill perfectly. 
The space itself is lovely and inviting. lots of wood, bar i could see myself being a semi regular at if i were to visit here more often.  I loved the wine "cellar" being overhead as a balcony in one of the rooms.
the service was perfectly tuned. Available, without being pushy or hovering, patient when patience was called for, helpful when asked.
There were 4 of us - I had the tasting menu, every one else had an app and an entree.  starting with what i didn't have - for apps there was:
hand made potato gnocchi tossed with blue crab and black truffle
P&J Oysters: crispy fried with Louisiana caviar "ranch dressing,"
pepper seared with truffle spoon bread, horseradish crusted
creamy white asparagus soup
crispy gulf shrimp, red pepper and garlic
---
i didn't taste the soup (and I'm not sure why - i love soup) but was told it was very rich and tasty. the oysters were good, but not to my taste - nothing wrong with them in any way, I'm just not crazy about fried oysters, i find it kills the delicacy of the flesh. The gnocchi was excellent, light and puffy and lifted to a near transcendent state by the truffles and crab meat.
entrees:
2 of my friends had the "stuffed" speckled trout with wild onion, crawfish and morel mushrooms - good, although perhaps overly rich. i would have shot for cleaner flavors in the sauce given the ingredients. Not bad enough to dock a star or anything, just not the direction i would have taken the dish, nor what i expected it to be given the description. but delicious so no foul.
other friend had prime filet of beefwith oxtail marmalade, porcini mushrooms and smoked marrow. This was truly an excellent dish - i liked how the smoked marrow was served in a faux bone made from potato - the meat was perfectly prepared and flavorful, and oxtail marmalade is exactly as unctuous and delicious as it sounds. seriously.
on to my tasting menu:
first i did not get it with the wine pairings, as i wanted to share the same wine as the rest of the table. I like that - seems more social. I do not recall what wine we had off hand , if i recall i will edit this review to include it, but it was a lovely red, with complexity and flavor - big enough to stand up to the meat dishes, not so big it killed the seafood.
ok tasting menu:
1)warm salad of pieds du veau,
veal sweetbreads, hearts of palm and black truffle
- i was nervous about this, as i have a thing against sweetbreads, but i know it was conceptual, and a holdover from youth and not based on anything real, and i hate that; so knowing it would be done right here was a place to check an old bias. the end result - bias gone! these were delicious little nuggets of goodness, lightly fried, and full of great flavor. 
hand made spaghetti alla carbonara
house cured guanciale, slow cooked yard egg and sweet peas
-this was both amazing, as one of the best pasta dishes i've ever had, and surprisingly one of the places where i might have docked these guys a half a star. Why the contradiction? The pasta - fantastic, with the perfect bit, cooked exactly al dente. a little spring and a little chew to it. the porky goodness and the sweet peas lifted each others flavors through the contrast. The poached egg was the most properly cooked poached egg ever. in the history of poached eggs. a testament to the skill of the kitchen; they ain't easy to get right like that. And it was brilliant to use a poached egg on top to make the sauce, instead of building a sauce in the kitchen to toss the pasta with. texturally a dream, with great rich flavor (can i use the word unctuous again?) swimming with umami. A great dish. but- where was the pepper? carbonara needs little black flecks of pepper to look like the carbon, or it ain't carbonara. I do not know if this was a mistake in the kitchen or if this was a deliberate omission, but it really hurt what was otherwise one of the best dishes i ever had. If you read this, chef besh, your carbonara needs pepper. the flavor would have tied it all together. (and there was no pepper on the table to make up for it)
lacquered Berkshire pork belly with Louisiana crawfish, olives and blood orange 
-do i really need to say how good this was? just read the ingredient list again!
slow braised kobe  beef short rib ramps, baby root vegetables and leek purée
-perfect. seriously. perfect
napoleon of nougatine with Valhrona chocolate bavarois and salted 
toffee ice-cream
-this was my least fave thing of the night. too high a nougatine to chocolate ratio, and the salted ice cream was too salted, and didn't really meld w/ the rest of the dish.
Ok long story short - don't miss this place.This was one of the best restaurant experiences I have had.   It's a very modern take on traditional NO food. What did it for me was the service- we ordered one appetizer and because they wanted us to try everything, they brought us out each and every appetizer that we didn't order too.  Food was phenomenal, if not a bit rich but that's NO for ya.We had to wait a bit even with a reservation but the drink list was great. I enjoyed a Hemingway and my husband a great Manhattan while we waited. The service was very attentive though they did mess up my husband's order. I had the degustation tasting menu and wine flight which was fun. The highlight was the main dish - a pork dish with sweet caramelized onion and salty pork belly. My husband's dessert was also that wonderful sweet and salty combo - the toffee ice cream napoleon. It was a solid dining experience but with so much good food in Nola, I'm  not sure that it's worth a repeat visit.i was here on a 4 day business trip.  as a rule, i never go to the same place twice on short trips.  well, i had to break the rule this time for 2 reasons:
1) my experience at commander's palace was SO bad, i had to come back and finish the trip off right.
2) the food is really that great where i craved certain dishes again.
...and to the review:
service was great, my friend was cold and as cheesy as it sounds they made her a pashmina out of a table clothe.  it looked horrible, but was hilarious.  when they said they were going to get something for her, we envisioned a server from per se (thomas keller restaurant in NY) coming out with a box of pashminas to choose from.  the service and price is not as up-scale as a thomas keller restaurant, but this john besh guy is the real deal.  better take advantage of the low prices now while they are still low.  french laundry used to be $50 a person til they got really big.
i started with the heirloom beets salad, then moved onto the gnocchi, tried the gumbo, the chef's gift to the table (which was a steamed quail egg with truffle, VERY similar to the one at per se), the lobster and pork belly.
- heirloom beet salad, delicious and fresh.  the blue crab added  the perfect salty flavor and a soft texture to the crunchy beets.
- gnocchi was made with blue crab and truffle... wow, the best gnocchi i have ever had.  at the end of it i even had to roll one up like a po-boy and soak up all the sauce.  the gnocchi had soft exterior and an al dente interior that took full advantage of the white creamy truffle sauce.  then you add in the blue crab for the salty flavor and top it off with some shaved parmesan and you have this divine dish that you can eat all day.
- truffled and steamed quail egg with a caviar topping, do i need to explain?  truffle quail egg and caviar, so many ways to go right with those ingredients.  it went right in all categories, soft quail eggs with a pungent truffle aroma topped with the crunchy and salty caviar.  wow.
- gumbo, it was tough to get even better than the last 2 dishes, so the gumbo was much less impressive to me, though i am sure that if the previous 2 dishes were not so spectacular, the gumbo would have been delicious.
- deep fried lobster over a bed of greens with a vinegary dipping sauce.  the lobster was prepared as it should be, it was soft to bite into but had the texture of fresh seafood.  though the outside was soft, the immediate exterior was slightly crunchy and did not need the sauce.  i did try the sauce though and though it did not "need" the sauce, the sauce added a perfect hint of sourness to the sweet and succulent lobster bite.
- pork belly dish... i wish i could give a better explanation, but i was so full... all i can really say is soft, tender and nice flavor.
no dessertI thought the food here was good but not great for the price it commanded. I didn't care for the amuse bouche at all.
The chopped salad  was excellent, it was the perfect amount of vegetables and citrus, I really enjoyed it and would highly recommend it. 
We also really enjoyed the gnocchi, it was rich and delicious, I highly recommend ordering this dish.
We also enjoyed the trout, it was perfectly cooked and was really delicious.
Our server was a bit lack luster, he seemed a bit high brow and not very friendly. Perhaps he was trained this was because of the environment or because my girlfriend and I are in our 20's, but regardless I think he could have been more inviting.
The restaurant itself is beautiful and the wine cellar is spectacular. This is certainly a delicious and romantic place to share a meal while in the big easy!So terribly disappointed.  We felt rushed, I barely finished my appetizer when my entree came.  Barely hot.  Food was ok, not what I anticipated or expected from a world class chef.  3 courses and we were done in an hour.  It is a beautiful place though.My name is Angela C. and I have a culinary crush on John Besh. 
There, I said it. It started when I first sat down in August, luckily being chosen to sit at a table without a reservation thanks to a cancellation. This was the beginning of one of my favorite meals here in Nola, maybe top 20 ever. 
Expect a fancy shmancy meal with a fancy shmancy check to complement. For me, because I do enjoy a fancy shmancy meal, it is well worth it. Especially if you're on an expense account, which some people who dine here probably are thanks to many New Orleans conventions. 
The food here is absolutely delightful. It's not just that the food is prepared so deliciously, but while I was eating each course I could see just how complicated and thought-out eat dish was from the amuse bouche to every appetizer and every entree. Besh made me feel special, like each little ingredient was chosen because he knew I would be pleasantly intrigued with it. The food looked great, tasted great, and made you appreciate the genius that it takes to be a great chef. Yes, I guess I am smitten. 
Now on to more useful things like my recommendations:
- P&J OYSTERS cooked three ways. I loved all three ways: fried, oysters with foam, and breaded with a spicy creamy sauce. It's good to share, although you might just want it all to yourself.
- GNOCCHI with shaved traffles in a creamy sauce. My friends like this more than I did, but I'm not a huge fan of gnocchi. The sauce and shaved truffles is worth it trying though.
- DUCKLING with grits, foie gras and candied quince on the side. The meat was perfectly juicy and deliciously flavored. this was my absolute favorite.
- SCALLOPS infused with a chunk of bacon with bone marrow on the side. i recommend this dish to scallop lovers.
Restaurant August is easily one of my favorite Nola Restaurants, and definitely top on the list of formal restaurants.Absolutely excellent. Every dish done perfectly: both delicious and beautifully presented. And in decent portions. The restaurant is visually appealing, the food is great, and the service very good. Highly recommend.I know this is a favorited spot for lots of people and has a reputation for impeccable quality and service. I will preface this with - I don't mind the high price and 2. My experience was with a party of seven for a work dinner.
Here are my thoughts..
Interesting and tasty selection of food
Small portions, which to me is a benefit.
Appropriately served 
Good selection of high end drinks and scotch 
However ..
I expect certain things at find dining establishments, like black napkins if you are wearing black. That sort of thing did not happen here.
I also expect that the waitstaff will not be incredibly stuffy and unfriendly. Our server seemed appalled that our group was getting to know one another with jokes. It made for a very awkward experience in which my dinner guest mentioned it to her to try to fix it.
The worst part... I ordered the vegetarian options. About five hours later I was super sick and had food poisoning. I was fine 12 hours later, and had no food in between that could have been the cause. And I know what y'all are thinking, I was not excessively drinking ..even in New Orleans :-) 
I would not return here, particularly for the service and stuffiness, and obviously I have no desire to vomit again.First off, I want everyone to know that the two stars are for the service, otherwise I wouldn't give a half a star. The waiter was awesome! But the food was quite lacking and very, no, extremely disappointing. 
Lets start with the amuse bouche, seafood custard with a foam, caviar and a piece of brioche toast. It was very pretty to look at, the foam was tasty, but the custard was quite salty. 
Second, we had the foie gras three ways, which we added on to the five course tasting menu paired with wine that my brother and I ordered. It was the first disappointment of the evening. The wine our waiter paired with it was delicious though. The foie gras itself though was just missing something, oh I know what it is, it was lacking the real taste of foie gras. And one would think that with three ways, one way would be a nicely seared piece of foie. But,alas, there was none to be had. 
The next course was the first course on our five course tasting. A salad with shaved Christmas goose and foie gras. It was OK. Goose tasted like roast beef, couldn't quite get the flavor of foie, but the dried cherries and apricot were a nice touch. Wine paired with it went well and tasted yummy. 
After that course, things looked up. 
We had a delicious ravioli with egg yolk inside and browned butter, black truffle shavings, and parmesan on top. Absolutely fabulous. My brother found it a bit rich, but I found it the highlight of the evening. My shining star on a very dark night. And the wine paired with it was of course magnificent. 
Then the evening hit a wall. A very confused turtle "soup" was placed before us. After the light courses before it, it just seemed very out of place, and with the extremely Hormel chili taste it would have been more comfortable on a greasy spoon menu paired with a refreshing mug of beer instead of the oaky red wine it was paired with. The wine, although not my favorite, was not bad. The "soup," although my brother and I tried to like it, could not be forced down. Lucky for us, our waiter was awesome, and he brought out a very delightful bowl of pumpkin soup instead. It was a hot appetizer offered on the regular menu and was not a normal course on the tasting menu. It made up for the previous soup. A nice rich and creamy pumpkin base with earthy mushrooms and smoky bacon. Paired very nicely with another wonderful wine. 
The last savory course was the Kobe short ribs, which, after reading all the great reviews on here, had me greatly anticipating this dish. I just could not wait to take a bite, and after all the disappointments so far in the meal I just really was hoping for no more. Unfortunately, I was very sad, and very let down. The oyster dressing was overly salty, so much so, that I could not finish the small portion on my plate. The short ribs were alright, nothing special, could have been any kind or any cut of beef really, and the baked apple on the plate was whimsical and very holidayish, but not that great to eat. 
To say that the dessert was also a disappointment would be an understatement. At LEAST the nutmeg ice cream was tasty, although a bit on the icy side. The quince pastry was terrible, before I even took a bite I knew the crust was going to be bad, was just hoping I was wrong. Looked like a whole wheat tortilla, tasted like a whole wheat tortilla. *sigh* 
Well, at least the cup of coffee at the end was tasty, and it was free. Hah. 
If you get one thing out of this review, I hope it is this: SPEND YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY ELSEWHERE. It is just not worth the cost. Just hype is all it is. Save up and go to California for a weekend. Eat at Chez Panisse and make reservations for French Laundry. You wont be disappointed.We came here to celebrate our 15th anniversary and we enjoyed every moment of it.
The food was amazing and filled with so much flavors. We had the potato gnocchi with blue crab, black truffle and Parmesan and the local crab and tomato tart from the starter menu which should be on everyone's 'definitely try' list.
For our entree, we had the cane syrup lacquered duckling and Flounder Pontchartrain. Both the entrees were a mix of different flavors that just made us want to try more of their menu items.
We had the Pretzel Affogato dessert and Cappuccino to end our beautiful meal.
Overall, this place is wonderful and upscale for special events. And they do take care of your special requests promptly.Oh, August. You've ruined me. The meal I had here makes all other fine dining establishments I've patronized pale in comparison.  I hope I can explain to you how perfect this restaurant is. Actually I wouldn't even call this a resturant. August is an experience. A blissfully perfect experience.
I was taken here for my birthday this year, which happened to fall on a Friday, which happens to be the day August has their $20.15 prix fixe lunch. Three courses at this resturant is the best deal in the city, so of course I had to try it.
Reservations were made a couple of weeks in advance and we arrived about 15 minutes prior. We were seated right away in the lovely front dining room. The ambiance was perfect...large picture windows to people watch the goings on in the Quarter, huge, fragrant vases filled with beautiful blooms and sparking  chandeliers.
Our first course was an amuse bouche of a frothy custard made with cauliflower and served elegantly in an eggshell. I really enjoyed this dish.
For my appitizer I chose the pâté de champagne with toasted brioche. This wasn't my favorite and next time I'd get the crawfish bisque (which my friend ordered and was delicious).
My main entree was flounder grenoblois served with white beans, celery and lemon. This was the most perfect piece of fish I've ever had the pleasure of having in my mouth and I'm still thinking about it months later. It was amazing.
For dessert I chose the seasonal ice cream which had myer lemons ice crystals and macaroons. It was delightful. As if that weren't enough, August outdid themselves by bringing some complimentary chocolates and pralines with the check.
Of course, service was impeccable and we were treated like royalty. Perfection from start to ending. I'll be back very often. 
**500** (dedicated to my girl Libby V :))The food the atmosphere the staff five star! Wow... And yummy is a starting place when it comes to taste of the food. Come and dine and be ready to fall in love!I was treated to Restuarant August for lunch this week and it was devine! From the food, to the ambiance, to the service, truly a five star experience. It is pricey, so as a dinner spot, it's more of a very special occassion place.
Food - everyone at the table enjoyed their food. To start we had the gnocchi and some type of raviloi with mushrooms. Both were excellent. The bread to start was pretty good too. For entrees, two of us had the trout almondine and it was so very good. The other diners got the duck and short ribs. The person with the short ribs was not overly impressed. Desserts were amazing. We tried the napoleon chocolate dessert, the banana pudding, cheesecake, apples confit. All were really good. The banana pudding stood out as different and delicious. All in all the food quality, taste, and presentation were excellent.
Ambiance - elegant, but welcoming. Not stiff or cold. The restaurant is housed in an older building in the CBD, that has a lot of New Orleans charm.
Service - excellent! Our server, Randi, was awesome! She was extremely knowledgable about the food and wine. She was also very nice and not pretentious. I find sometimes at restuarants like this the servers are snooty, but not here!
Overall I really enjoyed my meal at August. It is a five star experience that you will enjoy!
My tips - just be aware that the serving size is "European," meaning small portions. Some might also view this as a "frou frou" eating experience, but I found that since the service and ambiance were so welcoming, I did not mind the dandelion on the plate.Nothin short of amazing.  The meal was great and the service was even better.  We will definitely be back!Absolutely amazing experience! Wow. Where do I start? 
The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous. So much Southern charm with the brick walls and the beautiful chandeliers. We were seated in the middle of the restaurant with the wine cellar. Every seat in the restaurant is absolutely stunning. 
Mark was our waiter. He was probably one of the nicest individuals I've met. Side note, everyone in this city is so nice. I love New Orleans. Mark was able to provide us with details of the appetizers, entrees, etc. all from the top of his head. Everything we had was absolutely amazing. We ordered a lot. We ordered the gnocchi, duck, lamb, and banana pudding. The gnocchi was made with fresh crab. The flavors were absolutely amazing. I loved everything. If I had to pick my favorite, the lamb was done so great. It was cooked medium rare. The flavors were so AWESOME! Then to top it off with banana pudding. We were in heaven. The LA mule was my drink of choice. However, I did have a cappuccino with dessert. Plus, the complimentary appetizers and dessert on top of everything we ordered. This place was amazing. We made reservations over one month in advance. If you are visiting this city or a local this is a MUST!!This place is actually 3 1/2 for me.
I need to stop having high expectations... maybe I'll enjoy my food more if I'm not in a certain mindset before I even eat anything :T
I took my bf here for his birthday, and we found the food to be a little underwhelming, sadly to say; not that it was bad, oh no, far from that, but just not the best thing we ever ate.
I had the gnocchi appetizer, which was very good, but rich. He had a seasonal salad [which one you ask? he doesn't remember :x haha fail), and it was OK in his book.
For the entree, I had the breaded trout, which was really good, but again, very rich. He had the duck, which was amazing actually [so this would be what I recommend to other people]; I asked my bf what was in it again, and he simply said "duck stacked on top of magic" haha...
For dessert, we shared the chocolate tart, which again, was good, but not great.
Really random, but I liked our waiter's glasses haha.As soon as I was aware my work was sending me to New Orleans for several days, I knew I had to book a reservation at one of John Besh's restaurants, stat. After a little research, it seemed that Restaurant August was supposed to be the best of the batch.
My husband and I booked for a 7 p.m. dinner on a recent Saturday night. The ambiance was right, tables were wonderfully spaced, and the vibe was intimate and quiet, but not stuffy. But we couldn't wait for the amazing food, or so we thought. 
We split the potato gnocchi with blue crab and truffle appetizer and were off to an excellent start. Our waiter informed us after eating that it was featured on the Food Network show, "The Best Thing I Ever Ate." I'm reasonably certain it wasn't the best thing I've ever eaten, but I'm positive it was the best thing I ate at Restaurant August that night.
We also each ordered an organic greens salad, which came with blue cheese, pumpkin seed brittle and a pumpkin seed oil viniagrette. I enjoyed the combination of flavors in the dish, but felt that the pumpkin seed brittle served more as a distraction than delightful component of the dish. The brittle seemed to interrupt me whenever I got into the groove of eating the salad, not to mention that it didn't stay on the fork or come off the plate with ease.
For the entree, I ordered the pork three ways. I loved the textures of my dishes, especially the ravioli parts, but the flavors didn't sing. You could tell a lot of technique went into it, but it wasn't amazing. 
For dessert, we split the goat's milk cheesecake. It was good, but not great, and had unique flavors. It, coupled with the small complimentary assortment of mini-pralines and truffles, tied the meal on a higher note.
The service at Restaurant August was quite good, as were the small touches, like the amuse bouche and mini-dessert sampler. We also were thrilled with the beer we selected, the Southern Pecan from Lazy Magnolia Brewery.   
All in all, we found the food to be gorgeously executed, but underwhelming on taste. For as much money as we shelled out for the meal, we had hoped we'd enjoy one of the best meals of our trip. Unfortunately, it didn't deliver.Go for the lunch deal.  Excellent food, reasonable portions and great atmosphere. They're definitely not sloppy here.  New Orleans is my favorite city for food.I went to august on a quick lunch referred by my friend. The waiter offered me to have prix fixe menu and she sold me on that one. I tried the pork patte which comes with a bunch of sauces. Superb taste. Then came the Jumbo Shrimp as an entree. The shrimp was juicy and sprinkled with what I think was a bacon chips. Woohoo.. Lastly the dessert was the ricotta custard. 
In between those meals, they served with you with Artisan breads (just regular) but I really like the Briole bread - hope I spelled it correctly.
I ate at fine dining in LA before. But this is definitely better than LA fine dining if you consider the 3 rules that I live with in dining (Cost, Quality, and Quantity) . I think this restaurant deserves full point on 3 of my rules. Good Job Chef John Besh. Keep it up and dont torture your Israeli chef anymore please.If u look up yummy in the dictionary, u will find a picture of this restaurant. Service was excellent, food was remarkable, & the restaurant is beautiful!We came in for lunch on Friday. Someone told us about their Prix Fixe friday lunch menu where the price is the current year (for example, $20.16). We looked up the menu online, and liked the prix fixe options, so decided to go. In the restaurant, they didn't seem to have the prix fixe option we saw online, but they did have a different prix fixe for $26. Different items than the $20.16 menu showed online, but these looked good too, so no problems there. Waiting for our table we got a couple of drinks, including their Pisco Kid, which is a slight variation on a Pisco Sour that was really good. Bartender was great too. The atmosphere is nice, traditional upscale, older building. I can't remember exactly all the food choices we went with. It was all pretty good, but nothing quite as good as I'd expect for a top restaurant by a top chef in the city. Soup was tasty but a little under seasoned. Main courses were pretty good, but I can't recall anything special about them. Dessert, in the long tradition of upscale restaurants was tiny and mediocre. All around, its a nice fine dining spot, and I'd happily try them for dinner sometime.So we thought service was great, ambiance was great, but the food was over the top. We came here for brunch and it looked like a dinner menu: veal, trout, etc. - but even if it had been dinner, everything was drowning in butter and really heavy sauces and spices. The dishes didn't get a chance to let their own flavors shine through. And we had to nap all afternoon from such a heavy brunch! Everything here was good - just too much. There are many amazing restaurants in New Orleans. We just didn't think this was one of them.What a great food and atmosphere. I got gnocchi for my appetizer and a baked oyster main course. Cannot say enough, love John Besh, love his restaurants. Hands down best food in New Orleans, worth every penny.What can I say that has not already been said by myself or another 10000 people. That was another fantastic F'ing meal. From start to finish.We had an amazing dinner here - August lived up to the hype!
We started with the cocktails, which were excellent.  I loved their take on the Dark and Stormy - the ginger beer was house made and the the drink was beautifully presented.
My friend and I shared several dishes - all were great!  The gnocchi was incredible, the cauliflower three ways was quite good, and the signature trout dish was amazing!  The duckling was very good, though a bit too rich. Pro tip: you can order a la carte off the prix fixe menu.
We loved the minted chocolate dessert - it was tasty yet reasonably light.
The service was excellent and the ambiance was elegant.
Excellent meal!August it's definitly worth it! They were atentive, welcoming and the food was just delicious!!!! The gnocci, ducklling and beef strip were the best meal we ever had in our travels. The foie gras was delicious too. I drank one Lavander Ford and it was great. Their wine selection its comprenhensive and went well with the food according to my partner.Wow!  My family was in New Orleans on vacation.  Walking back from the World War II museum, we searched Yelp for lunch.  We found Restaurant August but thought it would be a longsot to get in.  We were right, the dining room was completely full...but they were able to seat us in the lounge/bar area.  That's where we sat for a prix fixe lunch.  That was the best $20.12 that I ever spent on food.  Really a bargain for the quality of the food.  I had the pate, really yummy and the duck.  Wow.  And the strawberry dessert was out of this world!  If I ever make it back to this town, I am definitely coming back,This was our 2nd visit to August, our last being the precious summer. The good, ambience, and service was top notch. Robert, the maître-d, is possibly the most knowledgable I've ever encountered. His explanation of the dishes were like Shakespearean sonnets. 
I had the pork dish and we also ordered the trout which never leaves the menu. 
Desserts were ridiculous good as well. 
I would choose this place over commanders palace for food and service. Ambience might be better at commanders but not by much.This place was amazing. Not only was the service impeccable, but the food was more than my foodie little heart had ever thought possible. We started with the Foie Gras three ways, and continued on with the Degustation menu with the Sommelier pairing. Every course was more incredible than the previous, and our plates were empty after each dish. 
The waitstaff was the perfect balance of non-intrusive and there-when-you-need-them. 
The atmosphere, service and food made for the most memorable dining experience I've had to date. Highly recommended.For our last night in town, we decided to stick to a restaurant closer to where we were staying, so we came to Restaurant August (which was jam-packed with traffic outside trying to get to the All-Star Game). An ancillary note - I do wish that the dining room had a bit more protection from the outside air, as we got a whiff of cool winter air every time the door was opened (we were pretty much right at the front of the dining room). Our waitress was solid overall, if somewhat clinical in presenting the food and talking about the menu. In all, I'd say August carries itself a bit more formally than some of the other restaurants I visited while I was here.
That said, the food here is also NOLA-inspired, but with some interesting inspirations for some of the dishes. The amuse-bouche was some kind of squash custard served in an egg - very cool and delicious, although I must admit that it was the first time I'd had a dish served in an egg that didn't have the egg as the main focus. For the appetizers, we both hit gold in our choices. The homemade gnocchi was phenomenally good, particularly because the combo of the always-fragrant black truffle and the delicious seafood broth, which was infused with the flavor of flaky crab bits. If you're looking for decadent, foie gras three ways is excellent. You effectively get two terrines (one is lined by German sponge cake, which was interesting but didn't move the needle much for me) and one dollop of mousse, which was quite a bit lighter but still maintained the rich flavor of the foie. I was not as big a fan of the main courses, but more because I felt that the chef was getting a bit too ambitious instead of the food tasting bad. I got the dirty rice with duck, which was taking a local dish and putting a bit of an Asian spin on it - the dirty rice was served with kimchi, and a good portion of the rice was crispy - generally a sign it was cooked in a clay or stone bowl of some kind. While the rice on its own was good, it was served with several slices of duck breast - also very good, as it was cooked just the right amount and showcased the smokiness of the meat. However, it was a bit strange to eat the two together, as they're disparate dishes. The same went for my fiancee, who got the breaded trout - it was also very good, with the perfect amount of crispness on the breadcrumbs, but serving it alongside shrimp and crab made it feel like a (very good) generic seafood plate. Dessert was also delicious; I went with the panna cotta, which tastes very good with the tiny bits of pecan and chocolate. My fiancee had the key lime 'pie', which maintains the bright flavor of the inspiration but without as much heaviness.
I'd definitely come to August again, as I found just about everything to be delicious. My only real disappointment was the main dishes, which I thought tried to accomplish too much instead of focusing on executing portions of each as a dish unto itself. That aside, though, everything tasted great, and it's a great homage to local cuisine that leans more on NOLA's French heritage.Not really sure if John Besh has anything to do with his signature restaurant, but if he isn't l recommend he continues to stay away. This place is as legit as any 5 star restaurant there is in this country. This place got it all working. From the cocktails to the wine to the cuisine to the service it does not miss a beat!Ate here with my boyfriend as kind of an early birthday dinner/gift.  It. Was. Spectacular (and surprisingly cheaper than Commander's Palace!)  We went with the prix fix and added an additional course.  
First course: an egg custard pumpkin taste.  I'm not usually a fan of custard or pumpkin (like, really, i hate pumpkin), but this was out of this world amazing. 
Second course: fois gras.  Also stellar, but if I'm being honest, I'd prefer it without the jellied bits in the middle of the fois gras.  
Third course: turtle soup (best I had in New Orleans, but that's probably a given).  
Fourth course: gnocchi with truffles. GET. IN. MY. BELLY. (this was the added course).  
Fifth course: oyster pasta dish, which I could not finish.  Delicious, but I was getting so full. 
Sixth course: short ribs.  Also, unfortunately, could not finish.  But I so wish I could have.  
Dessert: I honestly don't remember, but it said Happy Birthday on it, which was a very nice touch. 
We also did the wine pairings and they were SPOT. ON.  
As a comparison or two: we also ate at commander's palace and I felt like their wine pairings were just off.  They also served steak with banana...which was weird.  I ate them separately, which was fine, but together, no bueno.  Here, however, everything made sense and flowed delightfully well.  
Lastly, my boyfriend and I have had the pleasure and joy to dine at the French Laundry and the service here was just as good as the service there.  Food wise, I'd say it is 100% comparable, but probably just a notch lower.  But hey, when you're just a notch below the French Laundry, you're doing something right.Traveling to NOLA from Boston as a vegetarian was at first a bit daunting, as the city's legendary good eats typically feature at least one kind of meat. I was traveling with another vegetarian and we wanted to try one of NOLA's fine dining establishments. I selected Restaurant August because it is one of the rare restaurants with a world recognized chef that features a vegetable tasting menu. A four course meal that can be easily catered to vegetarians.
Each course, from the amuse bouche to the dessert, was inventive and delicious. The service was seamless, with several friendly servers attending to our table.
Dishes were presented and explained to us, which definitely enhanced our experience. The cauliflower steak in particular was notable for the texture and flavor achieved.
Here's my tip: Make reservations far in advance. I tried to get reservations the day before we left and succeeded in securing a table at 9:30 pm on a Sunday evening.Top notch, very professional and curtious wait staff!! I had the lamb and it was outstanding!! If you're in the mood to spend some money on a fine dinner, this is the place for you!Our first dinner was an early one at Restaurant August which was around the corner from our hotel (we stayed near the French Quarter and didn't bother w/ a rental car).
It started with an amuse bouche of an empty egg shell filled with custard, then topped w/ black jello bubbles of truffle oil and a cracker. We split the gnocchi tossed with blue crab and black truffle shavings (this was excellent).
My DC had the redfish topped w/ blue crab and shrimp..she liked it but liked my dish better. I had the pork multiple ways...pork tenderloin in a crispy egg roll over chanterelles, and a pork shoulder in a raviolo over sweet potato chunks(?). The raviolo stuffing unfortunately was mostly the fat part of the pork shoulder instead of the meat...it tasted like the fat chunks in shumai.
For dessert, we split the chocolate mousse cake with a piece of flourless chocolate cake, bittersweet swizzle, and mocha(?) ice cream. This was followed up with an amuse bouche plate of pralines, chocolate cake, blueberry cake, and raspberry "jello".
Portions we thought were smallish, but given the richness of the dishes, they were probably ok (we ended up a bit hungry afterwards); it probably would be fine if you each order an appetizer and dessert, but we typically split only one or the other when we dine out.
The service was a bit odd...the person you thought was the waiter is dressed in a suit and tells you the menu. Then the person you thought was the busboy (not in a suit and dressed more like a waiter) takes care of your dishes (including helping you order dessert) for the rest of the night.
Overall a good experience, but we liked Emeril's the best.One of the best meals of our lives! 
We got an awesome deal in the lunch special (it was back in 2010), and we still dream of their amuse bouche and breads... oh! We sat at the counter, and it was a great experience because we could interacted with the staff, which by the way was incredible friendly and professional. 
I recommend it to anyone going to NOLA and I can't wait to go back!From soup to nuts, an unforgettable meal. The $20.12 lunch prix fixe is a steal at twice the price. Bartender poured a perfect dark and stormy. Felt pampered and yet not stuffy. Get reservations well in advance.Had a reservation at 9:45 so we couldn't resist and had oysters again at Felix around 6pm. We got to restaurant august a little early but they were able to sit us immediately and everyone was super nice. We decided to have a light dinner and shared the crab and burrata tart which was creamy, sweet and salty because of the fish roe on top. I had the octopus appetizer as my main dish and it was one of the best cooked octopus I have had. My wife had the gnocchi with shaved black truffle and crab also an appetizer as a main dish, she said they were very good and the waitress mentioned they were one of the best dishes on the menu. The restaurant is elegant and classic without being stuffy or pretentious. The food was great and totally worth the visit.Our whole table did the 9 course - not on the menu - tasting dinner with wine pairings and I have to say it was fantastic. From the atmosphere, to the service, to the food to the wine, everything was exceptional and we had a wonderful time. I will never look the same at tomatoes! It is a must try. If you do the tasting menu - go with on an empty stomach- they don't size down the portion sizes which was great and overwhelming all at once.Delish. Started with two-amuse bouches. Proceeded to eat much more. I can't seem to remember everything we ate, but I remember it was all fresh, complex and made me excited for the next dish. We had the foie gras three ways, some other app, and a fish and a meat dish. We ended with the salted toffee ice cream. Service was great -- on top of things, but not too intrusive or pushy.Stopped in here on my first visit to New Orleans on the recommendation of some colleagues at conference and Yelp reviews. Reservations appear to be required but since I was solo and it was early enough, I was able to snag a spot in the bar area. 
I was disappointed by the watered down old fashioned I ordered but the colorful, flavorful roasted veg salad was delicious. On the server's recommendation, I ordered the blue crab, truffle gnocchi and it did not disappoint. Don't be deceived by the plating technique - the appetizer portion is plentiful, rich, and well balanced. She also suggested a Chablis which paired nicely, though at $16 a glass, it wasn't overly impressive! However, since the meal was going so well, I decided to try dessert. I got the panna cotta - sesame ice cream, hints of cocoa, sponge cake, apricot caramel. The presentation was slightly deconstructed, but once I got my spoon on all the elements, the flavors blended nicely. The effect was light and sweet but not too heavy.
Food wise, I was pleased. Cocktail-wise, not so much. In addition to the aforementioned speciality old fashioned, I also tried the Sazerac, which was mediocre. The cost of these blase drinks was my real issue -- upwards of $12 each. In a restaurant with such exceptional cuisine, I expect the drinks to match up, especially at that price.
So, if you're in NOLA and want a place with a elegant but not overly formal setting (still, ditch the jeans and polo and dress up for a night) that serves tasty, thoughtfully prepared food with fresh, seasonal ingredients, give August a try. Steer clear of the cocktails and go with a bottle of wine instead. Or, in order to make your visit a bit more amiable to your wallet, try the lunchtime prix fixe, which many of the other reviewers seem to like.One of the best meals I have ever eaten. Atmosphere. Price. Presentation. Taste. 
We had prix fixe lunch today, a bargain at $20.12. The amuse Bouche, beautiful subtle flavors. Every course perfection to behold and to eat. As good as any meal I've had in NY, SF or inn at Little Washington. 
Only complaint: my friend's 3 cups of hot tea cost as much as her meal!Wonderful dinner with fantastic service. Would recommend Restaurant August to anyone visiting New Orleans.Very good restaurant. Servers were knowledgeable but a little stiff. Gnocchi with blue crab and truffles was excellent, duck breast was good, a little over done for my taste. Whiskey list was impressive, highlighted by some excellent bourbons. Trio of Foie Gras was definitely the highlight of the menuA bit over rated and pretentious.  The food was good, rich and tasted somewhat processed (in an okay way).  Glad we went but not sure I would like to return often.Dined there with friends 3Nov08.
 Has a large but rather dark bar at the entrance, from where attentive staff serve an excellent range of wines by the glass should you need to sip & wait on chums or just fancy a pre-food drink.
 The main dining room next door is spacious with the high ceiling characteristic of the older building the restaurant is in.
 Decor is bare brick. Maitre D' was much to quickly spoken for even the locals to understand, not helped by a (typically these days) high ambient noise level.
 Being experienced diners we had no problems however, and the menu provided a good ALC choice and a tempting Tasting menu with optional matching wines. Local tax was included in the prices, so they were not that high.
 I had an 'Acorn' and pasta starters, I thought the description not easy to follow, but the actual dish was a tasty bean mush with ravioli and tiny slices of fresh orange and was delicious.
 This was followed by Rabbit Cassoulet again very good indeed and a final of satsuma crepe Suzette where the crepe were rather tough but the dish was most enjoyable.
 All the dishes were very nicely presented. This place takes food seriously.
 Realistic sized portions thoroughout, though a little larger than you might expect in Europe.
 Well worth the visit, and the best food I had on this trip.Yea this was the best restaurant that we visited in NOLA! 
We didn't do the tasting menu because my wife is vegetarian. I would eat the testicles of a goat if it was part of a cultural experience, but my wife will not eat anything that came from something that had a face. It's a problem in our marriage, but we have been married for 16 years, so I guess it will be a battle for the rest of our lives! Sometimes I carve faces on carrots to make her feel guilty. I don't know where I'm going with this... 
Anyway, the chef prepared a special vegetarian meal for her and it was awesome. Three tastings on one plate. An Herby gnocchi, a chick pea polenta with figs, and a corn custard with fennel. I tasted all of them and was very impressed. 
I had a crusted snapper with crab, it was very nice. 
They started the meal with an amuse bouche of spicy watermelon soup which was surprisingly delicious. 
Desert was a chocolate layered thing that was also very good. 
I would really love to go back and try the 12 course tasting menu, but that's not going to happen anytime soon :(Absolutely a 5-star experience from beginning to end. I was visiting New Orleans with a friend and we decided to try out Restaurant August for dinner on our final night. We made reservations about a week in advance, and were seated as soon as we walked in. Our host was very friendly, as was everyone who waited on us that night. My friend had let the staff know that it was my birthday when making the reservation, and the staff seemed pretty excited, haha. They brought out an amuse bouche, which if I recall, was like a parmesan foam in an eggshell. I had the Juniper spiced breast of duckling with bok choy, kumquat kimchee, foie gras, and sesame. It was perfect. No other words. I can't recall what my friend had, but I remember that it was delicious as well. We ordered a grapefruit pavlova and key lime soufflé for dessert. They also brought us some complimentary pralines, which were the best we tasted during our time in New Orleans (and we tried quite a few). They wrote "Happy Birthday" on the dessert plates in chocolate.
When we first sat down to dinner, they brought us out two glasses of champagne, which my boyfriend ordered for us by calling the restaurant the previous day. He said that when he called in to make the request, they put him on the phone with the restaurant's sommelier, who spent about 20 minutes with him, helping him pick the perfect champagne. Wonderful service.Located across the street from the Windsor Court Hotel. Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted by the hostess with the bar in the background. I really like the large dark mahogany  bar that extend all the way to the ceiling and closed off from the main dining area. The grand dining room is opulent with high ceilings, chandeliers, brick walls and flowers. The service was professional and polite. We ordered right away, and waited, and waited... Since we started drinking, we were also desperate for food. And since the appetizers were not coming out, I've ordered some French fries right away for the table. We were seated promptly at 7pm, and unfortunately our appetizers did not come out till after 8:15 pm. What was in the lag? The Shrimp étouffée were tasty, but the highlight of the evening was the Foie Gras Three ways. Beautiful presentation and delicious!! Our entrée Seared Scallop and Home Place Pastured Lamb were also good, but unimpressive flavors and forgettable. My wife and I were expecting to be wowed in culinary creation and inspiration, and somehow didn't quite happened tonight...Finally a place that meets expectations. There is so much buzz about the culinary experience in New Orleans that you go from disappointment to disappointment. From the super average NOLA, Lüke - chefs please don't go mainstream to the wannabe boucherie Cochon & more. 
August is about right. Not above, not below. Meet expectations price / quality wise.
Some plates too salty / too sugary for our taste but surely a crowd pleaser. Service is perfect. 
Amazing shrimp etouffé et lemon tart.Beautiful building, amazing food, and a generous staff made our evening extra special. We had the chef's menu and every course was special. Our waiter even brought us a complementary drink so we could taste it; it was so good, I ordered another! Yes, it's expensive but for this level of service and quality of food, I'd say it was on par. Can't wait to go back.Obligatory one star.
I ate here once with my mister a couple of years ago when we were young, dumb and wanting to feel fancy.
The food was bird portions, though tasty, I suppose.
The bill was $100+.
We ate at Wendy's on Canal Street after we left Restaurant August because we were so hungry following our three-course meal.This is my favorite place in New Orleans!! Great French dinner with foie gras which prepares in three ways, one is kind of jelly style.  That is creative.  I think we had beef and pork, which are fabulous:)We went for my birthday and were treated like royalty!  Plus everything we ate was fantastic!  Highly recommended!!!In town for one night, I decided to check out Restaurant August after reading many people's favorable reviews online. It was delicious! I started with the crab gnocchi with a little bit of truffle - it truly was heaven. I have never had gnocchi as light and fluffy as this, it made me feel like I had never truly had gnocchi until now. I decided to order the snapper for my main course and it was definitely good, very crispy delicious skin, perfectly cooked, but I wasn't amazed. I really wanted the tuna that was on the degustation menu, and it is my fault for not asking if you could order dishes from the menu a la carte, but after I ordered the snapper my server told the party next to me they could order a la carte off of it. I was kind of bummed, but again it was mostly my fault for not asking.
I was really impressed with the drinks here and loved the bartender.  She made me a fantastic daiquiri and an even better martini (it is called August refresher on the menu).  I would definitely go back here, especially now that I know you can order items off of the degustation menu without getting the whole thing!Went for the prix fix lunch. Portions small, but very tasty. Was hoping to be blown over, but wasn't. Still it was good.Restaurant August was very good, but missed "great".  I must say that the staff did an outstanding job with service.   Our needs were met and we were often asked if how we were enjoying ourselves.  (Perhaps a bit too often)
Our meal began with an egg custard with caviare.  This was an unexpected treat from the kitchen,  It was a pleasant surprise, unique and tasty. 
I then moved on to the mangalitsa pork belly with wild mushrooms, blueberries and spiced creme fresche.  This was delicious and the various toppings were truly outstanding.  However, the pork belly needed a little bit more texture to it.   
For the mail course, I had the Redfish "Court Bouillion".  This was a round of redfish, topped with crab.  Overall, it was ok.  The texture in the center of the fish round was a little off-putting and there was shell in the crab.  
The dessert was outstanding.  A napoleon with salted toffee ice cream.  YUM!   
For the money spent, I honestly feel the experience should have been better.  I will remember other meals I've had here much longer than I will remember Restaurant August.Lunch Special!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
$20.12 for a 3 course meal! 
Restaurant August's lunch special is probably my best lunch special to date. 
Food here is amazing! A culinary experience itself with top notch service! And everything for $20.12?!!!!!!! BTW, we did upgrade some of the dishes and offers a few dishes a la carte.
Since the menu changes according to seasons and ingredients availability so it warrants a repeat visit whenever I am in town.
We shared:
Appetizer:
- Salad of caramelized pear and mizuna, walnut butter, and Bayside Bleu cheese
- Pate of local pork (house made pickles and marmalades with toasted brioche)
- Veloute of acorn squash and apple with Gulf shrimp
- Quail Egg Amouse Bouche - a seafood + truffle custard topped with caviar
Main:
- Alligator confit in "sauce piquante" with ricotta cavatelli, "holy trinity," and pickled peppers
- Manchac softshell crab "BLT" with garlicky bread pudding, tomato and bacon vinaigrette
- Sauteed Gulf sheepshead with sweet corn custard, succotash and tomato vinaigrette
- 48-hour braised beef shortrib with smoked apple, celeriac, roasted turnips, and chanterelles
Dessert:
- Roasted pumpkin tartlet with caramelized apple, bourbon, and ginger
- Devil's food cake with cherry, cocoa, and coconut sorbet
- Crispy herb gougeres with apple compote and warm gouda
- Goat's milk cheesecake
- Complementary peanut brittle and chocolate mousse with pine nut
I will be back!!
Lunch Specials!Not sure what the big fuss is about August.  It was the worst dining experience in New Orleans.  Service was absolutely ridiculous.  We made out reservation for 9:15 and showed up around 8:45.  They refused to seat us at that time, so we went to the casino across the street.  When we returned they made us wait at the bar until almost 10pm.  The wait staff was pretentious.  Having dined in many upscale NYC and Boston restaurants, I know the difference between great service and waiters with attitude.  August had the latter.  The food was ok, nothing to write home about.  We won't be dining at this establishment again.Coming back to New Orleans this year, we knew we wanted to make August a return visit & we were completely impressed ( again! )
Vegetarian Tasting Menu WITH Wine Pairing!
Perusing the menu, we found we did not completely care for their offerings & they were happy to let us create our own lineup - huge props!!
Amuse Bouche - whipped egg w/ mousse-like pea fluff - outstanding!
1st Course - Artichoke & Black Garlic Soup - super tasty & could taste each but nothing overpowering
2nd Course - Strawberry & Rhubarb Salad w Bruleed Goat Cheese. - strawberries macerated in balsamic & the rhubarb in brown sugar. Soooooo delish!
3rd Course - Pea & Carrot Raviolio w/ Manchego Cheese.  Baby carrots all around & an egg yolk had been flash poached in marscapone to give it a creamy richness. Could've had like 12 of these!
4th Course - Gnocchi w/ Morels & Truffled Goat Butter w/ Fava Bean Pesto.  You put gnocchi & truffles with anything & I'm going to love it!  Then add fave beans?  Look out!
At first I thought I tasted mint in the mix & that was a show stopper for me b/c who would have mixed mint w truffles & mushrooms?  But after that 1st taste, couldn't taste it again & the dish mellowed out.....this dish was especially created at our request & we totally appreciated their flexibility & willingness to create something off-menu!
Desserts included the banana pudding ( just like last yr ) & a 3 chocolate cake.  
The cake was little cubes of a coffee-infused variety, choc mousse cinnamon mousse thing & little balls of white milk & dark choc. Yummy!
Wine pairings were all kinds of spectacular & our evening divine!  Can't wait to do it again!!From the attentive and friendly service, the knowledgeable and engaging sommelier, to the beautifully prepared and presented food, this is a great restaurant. We checked out the menu earlier in the day on the recommendation of a local friend and our hotel concierge and it excited us enough to call and make a reservation for that evening. 
Highlights: Crispy squash blossom tempura appetizer is a light, savory treat. La Provence Mangalista pork is pork three ways, crispy tenderloin with Chanterelles, a pork cheek ravioli, and a slow-cooked pork shoulder...a lovely combination of textures and flavors. Sugar and spice duckling was moist, full of flavor and not at all fatty. We finished with the goats milk cheesecake which was light and not too sweet and served with a subtle honey ice cream. 
They did not have the vintage of the wine we selected but brought the next year's for us to taste with an offer to replace it if we weren't satisfied. Service throughout was attentive and polite. Overall, a great and highly recommended dining experience.August is a delight. In many ways, it is near perfect. The gnocchi is about the best you will find. The trout and snapper dishes are perhaps the best fish options. The banana pudding has to be an award winner for the unique twist on a classic dish. If you like salad, August is as fresh and inventive with its salads as anything else.
If you go to August, here are a few other thoughts......
1. At lunch the Prix fixe menu is a bargain. Period.
2. Every time I have been, there has been a teaser course to start the meal in an egg shell. This is creative, but not exactly delicious. It is time for a new idea here.
3. Make reservations. With so many conventions and tourism-based events in New Orleans, it is unlikely that you will luck in to an open table.
4. The service is a bit off. There are bursts of almost over-the-top warmth, kindness, and detailed description of menu items followed by delays for refills, more wine, etc. The warmth of the place almost covers the gaps, but not quite.
5. August procures most all of its ingredients locally, which is cool.
August is definitely worth the visit.  It is in the top echelon of New Orleans eateries.Rather than spend another $20 at a chain restaurant, mall food court or overpriced poboy shop (I'm looking at you, Mahoney's), I decided to splurge on lunch at August. It was the bargain of a lifetime! 
The lunch special (not sure if it was just for summer or if it is ongoing) was only $20 for three courses. Lunch started with an amuse bouche of egg custard in a hollowed out egg shell. Neat!
For starters, I had a bowl of watermelon gazpacho, which was extremely refreshing on a hot day. Main course was pork belly with cream cheese dumplings over greens. This was so flavorful and fragrant, it had layers upon layers of flavors. The portion size was decent, it left me room to enjoy dessert.
Dessert was a small scoop of ice cream with candy bars and caramel popcorn, it was just the thing to finish off the meal.
The service was very attentive. My coworker answered a call from her boss and was searching in her purse for a pen to write down his instructions, and suddenly a waiter appeared with a pen for her, without a word.
Looking forward to the next visit!August is the BEST French restaurant I've been to, outside of France. They start you with a savory mousse. Then the waitstaff (Robert is FANTASTIC, by the way--request him if you can) explains dishes and answers every question you might have. The wine is superb. The food is delectable. I had the crab salad appetizer, truffle gnocchi, roasted acorn squash, and Earl Grey tea ice cream w/walnut torte for dessert. Best place we've experienced for dinner in NOLA.We were able to stop here for a lunch one Friday, and after that experience I'd recommend anyone who can go for lunch! They have incredible food, as expected, and a lunch prix fixe menu that is the perfect sampler of everything they can do for an unbelievable price. If you're trying to do quality NOLA restaurants on a budget, this is a must. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu here.One of the very finest restaurants in NOLA.  Both my wife and I ordered the tasting menus with wine pairings. The beauty was that we could order both the vegetarian and meat tastings and share. They were magnificent and well paired. The pork belly course with fresh peaches and herbs was probably our collective fav, with the peanut butter chocolate dessert a close second.   Other than a bit longish wait to order, service was impeccable but not cloying. I give this establishment my highest endorsement and definitely will return.This review is for LUNCH.
Stopped in for the prix fixe lunch at August, and boy was I impressed! Three fabulous courses for $20, wow! Service was on point. When we walked into the restaurant, literally every person who worked there stopped and greeted us as we made our way to the table. The meal went uphill from there. 
For my meal, I got the pate plate (I'd had fois gras here in the past and been uber impressed), the shrimp stew and some sort of dessert sandwich with berries, goat cheese and toast.
The pate was great. Flavorful, not too gamey and served with an array of interesting accompaniments. The shrimp stew was like a fancy schmancy gumbo served over parmesan risotto. It was packed with shrimp, fresh okra and a wonderfully flavorful broth. My dessert course was rich, buttery, salty, cheesey and good. I loved the drizzle of peppered honey that accompanied it. 
My dining partner chose three different dishes (a duck salad, veal grillades and caramel pot de crème) and loved them all as well. We both couldn't believe the portion sizes for the price. My pate was more than I've gotten at much worse restaurants, I couldn't finish my stew, and the dessert was double the size I would have expected. Plus you get to enjoy it all in August's chic atmosphere. All I can say is wow.
I think this just may be the best lunch deal in town!One of the best lunches I have EVER had and what a smoking deal - $20.11 - really?
Service was great, food was spectacular - I wish I could eat like this every day!  
You must try it if you are in NO during the week!Zeke and Jackie took excellent care of us for dinner. The duckling was light & phenomenal. The addition of figs and basil took it to another level of delicious. The signature fish dish was also a delight and the sauce was creamy and definitely complimented the fish. The Blueberry Pavlova was a wonderful way to end the meal.Managed to squeeze in here for a late-ish dinner while it was carnival season.  Nothing like worming your way through the streets to get to the restaurant.  Good news was the restaurant was fairly insulated from the chaos outside as Krewe Pygmalion was wrapping up.  
We opted for the Degustation menu and had the following:
Amuse bouche - in an egg shell
Lemonfish cru - very tasty.  cru=crudo?
Shrimp tagliolini - split shrimp perfectly cooked with a bed of pasta
Red Beans and Octopus - loved this dish!
Venison - loins with some sausage and butternut squash (delicious but oh no I'm getting full).
Roasted white chocolate (grenache, grapefruit and hazelnut ice cream).  sweeeeeet but a good way to finish.
The topped it off with some pralines and another candy bite (chocolate I think?).  
Portions were perfect.  I was satiated without getting overly full.  The staff and service was impeccable as well.  They were quick, helpful and courteous without being intrusive, which allowed us to have great conversation while enjoying a wonderful meal.This place gets five stars for menu, creativeness, atmosphere, outstanding service, and some of the best desserts in New Orleans.  It is outside of the French Quarter nonsense and riff raff, located just inside the CBD across from the famous Windsor Court Hotel (tip: valet your car at Windsor Court and give the valet $5 to hold your car while you dine).  
The soups are well seasoned, some creamy, some not so creamy.  The entrees are of varying types of meats, vegetable, and fish, none of which will fail to satisfy.  Huge thumbs up to August for offering the $20+ 3 course meal for Friday lunch (make reservations early).
This is one of the top restaurants in the city for good reason.  Nice little bar for pre-dining libations as well, with a wonderful wine selection (bottles and by the glass).August was a destination restaurant for me while I was in NOLA. I was determined to go to one of John Besh's restaurants while visiting. Hands down, this was one of the best meals I have every had. Everything about this place is great.The ambiance, service and food make this place amazing!! Absolutely worth every penny :)for the price .. no thanks.
i have a feeling John Besh has never set foot in the place.
1. first course - beet salad with wasabi crab, arugula, bacon, quail eggs, and dill. everything individually was fine. together is was confusing to say the least.
2. oysters - pretty good, i prefer a raw preparation though. but good for cooked oysters.
3. sweetbreads - good. came with bacon ravioli, and some other things that were good. just nothing that blew me away.
4 salted camel ice cream and chocolate napoleon - terrible. napoleon was stale and chewy. the ice cream came out melted completely... sent it back and it came back with ice crystals in it. horrible. sent it back. 
im pretty sure John Besh knows how to cook for a dude with a pretty face. but it wasn't apparent by my experience.
the sazerac was amazing though.Every visit is an experience in fine dining. Dress up, feel like a million bucks. Taste exquisite wines you'll find nowhere else. Be waited on hand and foot. The blue crab truffled gnocchi is epic gastronomy.I've always been a fan of Besh's work, so I had to go to his flagship.  The place has great ambiance.  I didn't adorn a jacket, but dressed fashionably and didn't feel too out of place.  (Although the majority of my dining peers were older and mostly dressed in suits or jackets.) The service was outstanding (attentive but not ever-present either.)
Now about the food.  Everything I ordered was delicious and well prepared.  My dining partner's was not.  I ordered the gnocchi with crab and black truffle.  Decadent is the word.  My DP had crab bisque and thought it was too "fishy."  I'd consider her a bisque expert as it is a favorite of hers.  She also lived in Manhattan for about a decade, so I highly regard her opinion.  We were served an amuse bouche of a quail egg shell stuffed with a custard topped with caviar.  It was a rich mouthful of flavor that I felt more interesting than satisfying.  
I chose my entree of the prix fixe menue.  This is always an option, btw.  I ordered a flat iron entree that was perfectly cooked rare to medium rare.  The accompanying tête tortelli, pea pesto and sweet corn were delightful companions to the flat iron.  I enjoyed every bite.  My DP again didn't fair well.  She had fish, I believe the trout, but it was so disappointing that she only ate about 1/4.  The server came over and she stated it was just fine.  He asked her if she would like another entree in substitution, but she declined. He ended up not charging us for the dish.  I must note that she did thoroughly enjoy the crab meat that was part of the dish.  The end of the dining experience included a dish of four works of art from the pastry chef for each of us.  The chocolate truffle was ridiculously amazing.  It reminded me of the great chocolates I had in Turin.  
Overall, a refined dining experience for me and a number of disappointments for my dining partner.  I am more adventurous with my food choices and preferred my experience at Borgne, Besh's new restaurant, more than August overall.I had high hopes for this place because of the reviews. When we had called the restaurant, we found out they had no corkage fee, which was great. That's Southern Hospitality to me! 
We had a reservation and they placed us in the back wine cellar room. At the back of my mind, I wondered why they didn't seat us in the first room, where it was beautifully lit with crystal chandeliers and windows. There were under 10 people sitting in that room too. Part of me wanted to push aside the fact that we were Asian and everyone in that room was white, but I'd like to give people the benefit of the doubt.
My husband ordered the the brown sugar spiced duck confit and I had the halibut. the stars are for the duck confit, as it was very flavorful and melts-in-your-mouth. It had strawberry remoulade on the side, which had a slow-cooked strawberry jam consistency. The halibut had a nice presentation, but it was just okay. The creamy sauce was tasty, but the fish was nothing special. 
We ordered the salted toffee ice cream as it had excellent reviews, but I wasn't very impressed. Maybe because the toffee crisps were a lot sweeter than I had expected? 
All in all, the place had a fancy ambience (personally it felt a little too quiet and awkward at times) and the servers were polite and helpful. For the price, the food wasn't totally amazing. The duck was the main dish I remembered and the rest will soon be forgotten. I have to say I like John Besh's other cafe restaurant, Luke's better.We arrived fashionably late, despite the kitchen closing at 10. We were treated like royalty and wine and dined to the nines. Paired with one of the most entertaining and educated waiters on staff; this one is for the record books! Congrats, well deserved.
5 Star experience thank youExceptional. The food and service were outstanding. The hanger steak was literally melt in your mouth and the flounder was to die for. We will be back.Loved it. Portions were perfect so I wasn't stuffed by the end of the night. Ambience was great and service was impressive. Sommolier's recommendations were excellent. Highlights: Handmade potato gnocchi, breaded trout Pontchartrain & goat's milk cheesecake. Sounded better than it was: hot buttered crab & warm burrata corn bread tart and the banana pudding. Go and enjoy.Perfection!!! From the moment we arrived to the moment we left! Food, service & ambiance was all top notch. Highly recommend.During my most recent visit to New Orleans I've heard about the famous chef John Besh and knew I had to visit his best restaurant to experience his best.  Restaurant August should be that experience and I was lucky enough to squeeze in a weekday lunch.
Fortunately for me I was able to hit up the prix-fixe three-course lunch for $20.10 on my visit (for higher-end places like these I feel it's best to get a multi-course tasting to get a bang for your buck experience).  My meal included the following:
Amuse bouche: seafood sabayon with fish custard served in a hollowed-out eggshell with a garlic toast fry and a dab of caviar.  Tasty and very creamy despite the disturbing though of seafood cream.  The caviar was a nice touch to it nevertheless.
Appetizer: duck confit and roasted pear salad with frise and aged balsamic.  Tasty with the perfect balance with the duck and pear and the perfect amount of drizzled balsamic.
Main course: veal grillard (sp?) with local grits.  By far the best cooked grits I've had in the one dish of my meal I was most disappointed with.  A shame it was overpowered with the tons of jus it was swimming in.  If they just drizzled the meat, peppers and roasted tomato jus it would have been just the right amount of richness, but the pool it came in was overpowering.  The veal was perfectly lightly breaded and fried and the veal was tender, but my piece had quite a bit of fat that was off-putting.  This could be a quality dish but the proportions were off.  I expected better than this for a high end restaurant like this.  Still tasted good if you picked at the parts in the right amounts.
Dessert: I forgot what the dish was called but it was essentially a grilled goat cheese and roasted pears sandwich (with fig and something else in it) drizzled with some infused honey.  By far the best grilled cheese type dish I've had and the perfect ending to my meal.
Finale: pecan brittle and chocolate truffle.  I don't care for brittles in general so my opinion on that doesn't count, but the chocolate truffle was perfect in it's essentially a tiny chocolate mousse in a tiny chocolate cup.  Very delicious.
Service was impeccable as the staff was very attentive and very friendly.  I had some good conversation with my waitress (who was part of the bar staff?) and any hostess or other waiters who were available to talk before the lunch crowd rushed in.  It made for an enjoyable experience during my solo lunch visit.
Overall a top-knotch restaurant in the service and ambiance, though I expected better with the food.  Nevertheless a great lunch deal and you can find something to satisfy your palate here.Awesome restaurant: great decor, great ambiance and a wonderful menu. Some of the best flavors I've eaten in a long time.My husband and I spent some time in New Orleans recently and our meal at Restaurant August was hands down the most delicious and creative meal we had all week!  First we were given an amuse bouche of garlic custard, butternut puree and brown butter crisps all in a little egg shell. Delicious.  Next we had the Market Vegetable Chop Salad- which was so beautiful and tasty- the variety of veggies and fruit made for great bites of salty and sweet. I had the Breaded Trout Ponchartrain- which is a lightly breaded trout topped with crab, shrimp, and mushrooms and I think the sauce was a very light version of a Hollandaise.  It. Was. Amazing.  My husband had a pork dish which I tasted and was also very good but I couldn't be bothered to focus on his meal! :)  The meal ended with a couple small sweet bites- chocolate, candied ginger- which was perfect.    The service was impeccable and everyone we talked to was so friendly!  I wanted to give a shout out to the service manager because he was so friendly but of course I now forget his name... Thanks for a great meal!This was my first time visiting August. I have dined at similiar places and have been let down but that was not the case here, the service and the food was fantastic!I should have known better when I saw the chef had sold out with Besh Steakhouse in the dumpy smoke filled casino. Our server was talking about the French Laundry and Per Se, and John Besh is not remotely on the same planet as Thomas Keller. To be fair, I can see how our experience could have been great. It wasn't. The oysters three ways: one bland in truffle oil foam, one too salty fried, and the third was an overcooked tough landmine that I spent five minutes in bathroom getting out of my molars. The $19 truffle gnochi appetizer was great, but the truffle amuse egg custard tasted exactly the same. My wife's filet was delicious. My first bite of sugar and spice duck was savory. The rest was a beet red, barely seared, inedible, raw bird.  Uber expensive wine list. We left debating the distance to CVS on Canal Street so I could get dental floss to dislodge the oyster.With all the attention August has been receiving in the press, perhaps my expectations were set too high. I wanted to try the tasting menu, but on the day we were there, it was all vegetarian. I wanted to try a greater range of chef Besh's cooking, so we ordered a la carte. Gnocchi were good, but not memorable. Trout almandine was excellent, but served virtually without sides, save for a smattering of chanterelles and a great heap of aioli sauce. It is one of my biggest restaurant pet peeves when a dish is served with no sides and no warning about that. I was left wondering if I might have done better with a $35 restaurant week menu... My husband fared much better with an heirloom beet salad and kobe beef-wrapped lobster - both amazing.The second best restaurant I've ever eaten at. Steak was incredible. The atmosphere is perfect. The service impeccable.I coulda swore I wrote a review for this place already but I can't find it. I went in Nov 2013 but the memory is still strong.
First of all, there is no corkage fee. This automatically makes John Besh a freakin' rock star. I think it's the case with all of his restaurants. I didn't exactly bring the nicest bottle of wine in the world (far from it actually) but hey the corkage fee didn't exist so it was okay!
I sat at the bar as I usually do when traveling. Takes a little of the service variable out of play. The bartender was nice. I was served a complimentary quail egg appetizer in shell which was a lovely start. Creamy, tasty.
I got the P & J oysters. Whatda. Get this. Delicious, nicely fried with a great taste. Man it was good.
Also got the potato gnocchi with blue crab. Not every day I'll be able to come here so had to get a few dishes. Wow. Such a great flavor with a decent amount of blue crab lumps and such well textured gnocchi.
Entree was the duckling dirty rice. It was not my favorite dish of the night but still good. As a Korean, kimchi dirty rice is right up my alley but seemed a bit out of place here. Otherwise it was still good but not nearly as much as the other dishes.
I don't even remember what I got for dessert but do I need to tell you? This place rocks. Go here if you can.TALENTED CHEF, BEAUTIFUL ROOMS
The problem I have with many restaurants is that everything on the menu sounds so good I spend valuable time narrowing it down. This is solved at August by the chef's degustation menus, one vegetarian and one with meat and fish. Pairings are available. 
Among the 10 dishes that hit our table over the almost two hours we were seated two or three were knock-em-out-of-the-park great, another four or five were excellent, and the remainder were very good. 
The standouts included a crab, jellyfish, and shrimp salad dressed with herbs and nuoc mam, crowder pea tortelli with chanterelles and baby turnips, and a "BBQ" quail with brussels sprouts choucroute, apples, and a tangy bbq sauce. 
Other courses included calabaza capelletti with  oxtail meat and nuggets of bone marrow, a Covey RIse vegetable pot-au-feu with smoked matsutakes, an eggplant gazpacho, goat cheese-stuffed squash blossoms with Mexican flavor accents, and a lamb shoulder & loin combo with cavatelli and chanterelles.
Outstanding pairings included a 2010 Girard Savigny-les-Beaune with the quail, and an inky, lush 2011 Mordoree Grenache-Syrah-Mourvedre blend from Tavel with the lamb  course. A Vorberg Pinot Bianco accompanied showed up on both menus.
A really attractive bar area greets you when you enter, and you follow the maitre d' into a nicely-proportioned set of rooms with high windows and ceilings and lots of dark-finished wood.  Reverse New York bathrooms (i.e. upstairs), and there are function rooms upstairs as well.
Attentive and knowledgeable service. Relatively quiet rooms. 
We'd definitely go back.Had a great brunch here - got my sister, the chef- the cookbook from here.  Modern, fun three course lunch during Jazzfest- it was quiet enough for us to have to watch our voices :) but nice and cool.  I would definitely like to go back for a long dinner.Excellent food, great service. Save room for dessert.I have absolutely NO hesitation giving this restaurant a solid 5 stars!
Before going to New Orleans, I did my research of places to eat.  Seeing that this restaurant is 4.5 stars, it is a must try on my list. What a pleasant surprise when we found out they have a lunch special: $20.11 for 3 course meal!! :O
The service was FLAWLESS, we felt like royalty. The food was A-MAZ-ING.  Besides the 3 courses that we picked, we also got complimentary egg custard with caviar before our meal and chocolate truffle after our meal. 
Hands down, best bang for my buck! If I ever go back to NOLA, this is the first restaurant I'll revisit. This will also be the first restaurant I recommend to anyone going to NOLA. And pleaseeeeeeeeeee, take advantage of their lunch special, you will not regret it :)Def on my list of favorite places I've been down here in NOLA.
Came here solo at around 5:00pm. There was almost no one in the place, which is just fine by me, that's what I wanted. Decor is nice; this is fine dining so you've got good silver, cloth napkins, comfortable chairs, well dressed staff, and some beautiful chandeliers.
I sit down and am served by Mark. Mark is incredibly nice; he takes time to tell me about all the options on the menu, he takes time to tell me about the history of the restaurant, and even gives me a little bit about himself. He was exceptional and made sure to let the other folks in the restaurant know.
I order a 1738 Sazarac. It's a Sazarac, but it costs $30 cause it's fancy. My opinion--spare yourself the $30. I couldn't taste the difference between this and the $10 Sazarac over at Sylvain. I later ordered a $13 Stoic and Bitter. That was a good drink. Note, if you don't like Campari, it won't be for you.
I ordered the duck for my entree, but before it came, I was treated to small gift by the kitchen in the form of a fancy appetizer. Something something bouche, it was called. It's an open egg shell with a custard thing in the bottom, topped with a garlic foam thing, with some home made crisps on top of that. It was wonderful. Great flavor. I also got some bread that was excellent.
The duck comes and it has wonderful flavor. Everything about it is great and when it's done, I use some of that delicious bread to sop up what's left of the sauce.
I finish off with the banana dessert. I have to say that this was the only miss for me in my meal. It wasn't bad, just wasn't up to the standard of what had come before.
After that was taken away, I was treated to another surprise in the form of a caramel praline snack. If I had know that was coming, I would have forgone the banana thing and just had two of those.
August is great, the ambiance is great, Mark was great (I'm assuming everyone is as good as him in the place), the food was great and I can't wait to go back.
Note: this isn't the cheapest place around, but you should go if you feel like treating yourself.Second time at August separated by 5 years (we don't live in NO). Second time was not the charm. The absence of Chef Besh was apparent. The ambience and service was still excellent but the food was not up quite to snuff.  For a tab of nearly $300 for two, I expect perfection. My wife's soft shell crab was mediocre and tasted of a straight flour coating. My redfish was overdone and with such a small portion, I was still hungry after an appetizer and entree. I hope this was an anomaly because our previous visit was amazing.This was our 2nd time trying out lunch at Restaurant August.  We love the prix fixe 3 course lunch menu for $20.00.  I have to say this is John Besh's best restaurants.  
Love the amuse bouche to start.  I always enjoy the egg custard.  We both did the lunch prix fixe but also ordered some dishes from the regular menu.  Dishes that stuck out to me is the Potato Gnocchi from the hot plate appetizer menu.  ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!
The heiloom tomato salad was excellent.  I really enjoyed my sheephead entree: cooked to perfection.
We always ordered coffee at the end of our meal.  I think one of the best cup of freshly brewed coffee I've had at a restaurant.  LOVE IT!
Overall a great meal.  We love the lunch but need to eventually come back for the dinner.Top 10 restaurant at which I have eaten.  Creative, flavorful. Gnocchi with truffles and "poncetrain" trout were spectacular.  My wife had beet salad and duck. We both were members of the clean plate club.  The staff and service were exceptional. We finished with a deconstructed banana pudding.  Desert wines on the house. Sommelier was very helpful.  August is worth the expense.My husband and I hadn't planned on eating here while in NOLA, but his boss had reservations he couldn't use and offered them to us, so we decided to splurge.
O. M. G. We both had the chef's tasting menu with the wine pairings, and they were fantastic. The crispy lamb belly ... wow. I would walk back there all the way from Michigan to eat that again! And the wine pairings were PERFECT. All of the courses were amazing, and they were pretty generous with the wine, too -- by the time we left, we didn't even CARE how much the meal cost ;)
The server -- I wish I could remember his name, because he was wonderful -- was exceptional. He was friendly and approachable and still very professional. 
We ate in a fairly small side room, which I didn't mind; it made it a little cozier. I felt like the atmosphere was really nice -- not snooty at all, even though I was probably somewhat underdressed. (OK, I -was- underdressed.)
If we go back to New Orleans, we will definitely, definitely come back to August again. I can't recommend it enough.A true foodies restaurant. 
From the service to the menu - everything is thought out and very well developed. The best thing - it's just so darn "cool."
You really feel like you're dining in a fine restaurant. The bar is a great place to grab a non-reservation table (as they serve the full menu). Equally, the staff (including the great manager - he came to my table and talked with me about Oregon Pinots) really know food and wine.
I had the crab cakes. Awesome. I also had the Chop Salad; which was good, but very unconventional. 
If you're in New Orleans - go to Restaurant August. You will not be disappointed.I have died and gone to August heaven! Oh my gosh... Saying the food is amazing is an understatement. I had their signature trout dish with shrimp and wild mushrooms. I savored every single bite! My waitress Karen was so incredibly friendly and helpful. Her recommendations were the best. I loved the glass of wine she recommended and the trout dish was her suggestion. The restaurant is very nice but since I was alone, I ate in the bar area, which was very comfortable and welcoming. I wish I could afford to eat here every day that I'm in New Orleans. I'll save up and come back though! Definitely worth every penny!!! My favorite seafood dish, hands down is at August! Walk-ins are allowed in the bar. You get some treats along with your check from the pastry kitchen. I just adore August!!Food was amazing- service was impeccable- worth the price. Tried the foie gras three ways to start and signature flounder.  Wonderful flavors and amazing presentation. The staff was amazing and able to accommodate our add on dinner guest. Thank you! Would love to return and try the chefs menu and wine pairing!Going to the Friday prix fixe lunch ($20.13...WHAT?) is liable to be the best decision you'll ever make. Well, if you're in the habit of making lots of bad life decisions. Anyway...just go.
It starts with an amuse bouche of some crazy custardy concoction in an egg shell. That day was garlic on the bottom, something else in the middle, and some pink stuff on top. No idea what it was, except for uniquely delectable. Very strong flavors (boyfriend was too wussy for it), but good.
I had shrimp bisque for my appetizer. I died. Just amazing. Boyfriend thought it was too salty, but it was just right for me. They bring out the bowl with just the shrimp and roasted zucchini, then pour in the bisque from a silver coffee pot. Wonderful presentation.
My entree was the gulf sheephead - which is fish, not a literal sheep head, because that would be gross. It was lightly sauteed, then placed in a bowl with Israeli couscous and vegetables, then at the table they poured a tangy broth over it. Boyfriend didn't like that, either. Surprise.
Before dessert, they brought out a little taster of something they called "cereal," which was like crunchy chocolate puffed rice with a little scoop of ice cream and raspberries. Delicious again.
Dessert was chocolate chiboust with mint ice cream. The chiboust had an amazing texture - just the teeniest crisp on the outside and smooth and mousse-like on the inside. The mint ice cream was like none I've ever had. It tasted like the most wonderful, cold, creamy, pepperminty toothpaste ever. That makes it sound weird, but I promise it wasn't.
Of course you haven't stuffed your face quite enough, yet, so they give you chocolate-chili truffles and pralines to close out the meal. I shall dream of the pralines for years to come.
Finally, our server Robert was just adorable. He was really charming and treated us like royalty. He always had a cute little joke or something sweet to say. My grandma had a complaint about her veal (one of two pieces was 100% fat), so he apologized very graciously and replaced it right away. He was a doll!
TL;DR: This gourmet lunch is a steal. Do yourself a big favor and go!Beautiful and elegant restaurant in NOLA serving up delicious food.  The waiter was friendly and knowledgeable.  Food was so good and the ambiance was lovely.  Flounder, oysters and pork were top notch.  Definitely look this place up if you want a romantic dinner.Excellent food.  If you're not a seafood eater, try the pork.  It was delicious!   As an appetizer, we had the squash flowers which were really tasty--deep fried with tomatillo sauce--how could you go wrong?!!
A little pricey according to the locals, but being from NYC, we thought everything was very reasonable.The chef is wonderful, BUT AVOID WAITER CHRIS.  Elegantly dressed, we arrived on time for our reservation, our first time at August.  My favorite wine is a California Chardonay, so I asked out waiter Chris to explain the reason behind August having only two Chardonays by the glass, one for $8 and one for $18. He basically said the restaurant needed one cheap wine, so I ordered the $18.  Somehow that must have set him off, for when my wife and I asked him to explain the various nice sounding appetizers/entrees he was snotty, uninformative, condescending, and deliberately unhelpful. We should have stood up then and asked for a different table, but we hate to do so when you're trying to enjoy a nice evening.  Nicely Chris drifted off, and Stacy stepped in efficiently, and our two entrees were marvelous. The pork in my wife's opinion was perhaps her best meat dish ever. My pompano, although not my best ever, was scrumptious.  The chocolate mint desert was yummy.  
  We will definitely return, and make sure we don't ever again have Chris for a waiter, and you should avoid him also.On our last night at NOLA, we decided to try something nice and after reviewing many places, my husband suggested trying a John Besh restaurant (especially after we saw John Besh at Angelo Brocato couple nights before). So we made reservation right away and dined at Restaurant August that night. First the restaurant is nice and clean, second everyone there was sincere and courteous. Our server was very very helpful in telling us about the food to help us decide on what we really want to try for our first visit. My husband got a steak with a something mamalade, and I got redfish (with blue crab and shrimp). Before the entrees came, we got a complimentary starter, which is in an egg shell. They explained what it was but I can't remember the details, I only know that it's great and tasty! And the entrees came and they were so tasty so good. And we also got our desserts which were great too! Everything was great and tasty, and the meal was ended with complimentary sweets, which included pecan praline, dark chocolate truffle and passion fruit jelly. They were made in house and tasted so so so so.....good! The best pecan praline I've ever had. Oh my, it was a great meal and we are so glad we made the right choice for our last dinner at NOLA. We definitely recommend this place to others.If the rating was for service and ambience then this place would be hall of fame, but the food was a huge let down. Ill conceived and badly executed dishes. Octopus is a gloppy sweet mess, apples and radish dish was lost, truffle ravioli was sadly served cold and the truffles were as a result, not aromatic. My pork chop was over cooked - well done - and the (sous vide?) duck was kind of gross. Again with the sweet and gloppy. The corn bread puddings ? Not goodI will keep this short and simple - the food was amazing and this was the best meal I've ever had in New Orleans, and I go there alot.  I had the soft shell crab and it was devine.  I will be coming back to August Restaurant again !John Besh, will you have my food baby?!
Valerie G. found this absolute GEM in NOLA and made ressies for our girlie lunch during a weekend of debauchery that is Mardi Gras. We came for the prix fixe that is arguably better than most if not all of the lunch prix fixes I've had in NYC during restaurant week.
I ordered the acorn squash soup, the pork belly and we split all three dessert options. They started us off with a truffle whipped custard amuse bouche served  in a eggshell! Adorbs! All the girls ooohed and ahhed as they brought them out. The squash soup was hearty without being overbearingly heavy. They actually served me the fish rather than the pork belly and gave us the fish dish as a way of apologizing...needless to say it was all gone after the 5 of us girls got to it...even with our own entrees.
The star of the meal is the pork belly. Holy crap was it crispy and melt in your mouth delicious. Definitely the best pork belly I've ever had. If you love yourself some pork, do yourself a favor and order this dish!
For dessert the eclair is a savory cheese filled eclair that was a little toooo cheesy for me to be classified as a dessert. However if you usually like to order a cheese dish after your meal, this would be a solid choice for you. 
John Besh, please open a restaurant in NYC!!!EVERYTHING we ate was AMAZINg!  The squash and crab bisque was to die for!  I could have eaten that all night!  The steak was perfectly cooked, the salad was delish!Absolutely everything we had there was fantastic.  We started off with the crab tart, fried oysters, and gnocchi with trout.   Each item was fantastic and just thinking about the oysters with the fig and mushroom sauce makes my mouth water.  The fish entrees were amazing and we ended up getting 5 of the deserts to share.  The fig desert was our least favorite but it was still pretty good.  It had some tough competition (banana foster, and a deconstructed velvet among others).  We liked it so much we almost went back the next night.  In addition the service was prompt and out waitress was very friendly.  When we come back to New Orleans we are definitely going to visit August again.Amazing!  We took our three adult children for a celebration and it was the best!I have never had a better experience at a restaurant!! It was hands down the best service I have ever experienced! We did the degustation with the wine pairings. The first course, with the pigs tail was fantastic! I was at first scared if the pigs tail thought, but it was great! Nothing off putting at all. The pickled radish was a great vegetable acid complement. The second course was the oyster with the squid ink pasta. It was SOOO GOOD! I love oysters, but this was by far the best I have eaten. The third course was the rabbit. It was very good. The fourth course was the duck. They prepared it two ways, and both were great! The sweet potatoes with ginger was perfect underneath! I loved the balance of flavors in this dish! The fifth and final course was the chocolate with gelato on top! Wow! Very very rich but perfect! It had mint to help the balance of richness which I thought was a great touch of simple minty goodness! 
Each wine pairing with each dish was spot on perfect! The balance of each dish was perfection! I would spend double what we spent because it was just that good!! 
Can't wait to eat here again!!All the dishes I had are very nice. The duck breasts and beef strip are particularly nice. The restaurant is beautifully decorated, and service was very nice.We ate here for a celebratory dinner with friends.  At any given time, I was unsure of what I was eating. They brought us a complimentary signature in the egg shell amuse bouche that tasted just like a salt lick. Ugh. I love all kinds of food, but this just tasted terrible to me. The main dish consisted of trout topped with a delicious buttery cracker on it. The fish was okay but the cracker was delicious mainly because it was soaked in butter. The dessert was deconstructed banana pudding. As a southern raised person, I found this pretentious and well, pretentious. It was presented skewer style. A piece of banana, a piece of cracker, and a marshmallow or something, not terrible but not wonderful either. We spent tons of money on pretentious, bizarre tiny amounts of food. The champagne was good, but it's usually hard to mess with that!! (One of my friends received some sort of fish buried underneath a bunch of foam, he was not impressed with the flavor and completely freaked out by the presentation) overall, we had a good time, but I felt a bit grossed out by the food. Maybe just not my thing, but as much as I like food, I doubt it. Proceed with caution and a fat wallet.I couldn't agree more with the review below me. This place is a class act. The chef has something here.  The food is exceptional. The fact that this place is far from Bourbon Street adds to the attractiveness. I had the Trout, gnocchi, and banana desert per the recommendations below.  These folks' reviews are not wrong!Our meal was lovely.  The short ribs practically melted in your mouth and they were very accommodating for those with gluten issues.Yukon gold potato gnocchi tossed with lump crab and black truffles
Pate de Campagne/Salad with grilled peaches
Pan seared Gulf sheepshead/Blanquette de veau
Ricotta custard with honey/Fig tart with rum ice cream
Celebratory peanut brittle and chocolate ganache squares
Dear Mr. John Besh,
I am such a big fan of your establishments.  I have not been able to see your appearances on Top Chef, but I have been many a time to your establishments in New Orleans.  
The critics alerted me to your luxurious dining experience at Restaurant August and I knew that I had to have reservations for my 3 year anniversary there.  We spent 5 days in New Orleans and having lunch at Restaurant August was a great way to finish our culinary trip.  
Our server was a delight and the decor was very tasteful (the large bowl of different champagne bottles on ice)! :)  Our dishes were beautiful and had great flavors as well.  My gnocchi was lavished with generous specks of black truffles and the pate was paired so well with a multitude of jellies/marmelades/spreads.   When the pan seared Gulf sheepshead was placed in front of me, I marveled at the piece of art set before me: vibrant colors from sweet vegetables and little flowers to accent the entire piece.  It was tasty as it looked.  The custard was the perfect dessert to appease my cheese craving and my need for a little sweetness.  
When you graced us with your presence in the dining room and came to each table to shake your diners' hands, I was enamored by your hospitality and skill.  You have an amazing talent!  
Thank you for the experience and helping to celebrating our anniversary!  You left my boyfriend star struck (he has seen you on Top Chef and admires you very much) and our tastebuds wanting more.  
Best,
Helen V.Service was excellent.  From the moment we walked in the door we were greeted cheerfully, seated quickly and lavished with attention.  None of the staff were 'hovering', yet we did not have to summon staff for any need.  
Dishes were explained thoroughly, and served in perfect timing.  We were able to order from the menu and the degustation menu as well.  My appetite is sometimes extreme - in this case I ordered seven entrees and two deserts.  
The food was beautifully prepared and the food runner was personable as she explained every dish she delivered.  The wait staff was outstanding as with each dish, new silver was placed to accommodate each subsequent dish.  
We were quite pleased with the entire experience which lasted for about 2-1/2 hours.  We were never rushed, nor did we feel rushed.  
In the past 20 years, I have eaten at more than 2,000 different restaurants.  August is one I will recommend and visit again.Wow, was this place delicious. The food was fantastic, service was wonderful and we were happy as clams when the dinner ended. 
Started out with cocktails at the bar, which were delicious. The warm sourdough to get us settled was served with tasty whipped butter. Shortly after we were served an amazing amuse bouché from the kitchen- a tasty custard with cauliflower, panko and chive dust, served in an egg shell which was amazing. 
Our appetizers were delicious, seriously suggest the potato P&J oysters. We had the foie gras dish and brussels sprouts with lamb bacon which were great as well.  Finished off the meal with the steak and the grilled scallops which were delicious. It was my birthday and they surprised me with a plate that had "happy birthday" written in chocolate with house made pralines and melt in your mouth chocolates. 
Will definitely go back. What a great experience!Excellent experience--food, service, wine, company. I called ahead of time to ask if vegan options were available, and I was happy when the waiter acknowledged my dietary restrictions at the beginning of the night. My boyfriend and I each had the tasting menu with wine pairings, and the entire evening was simply wonderful. Our waiter, Zeke, gave us wine descriptions before each course, and our food was promptly served with their accompanying descriptions. Honestly, I didn't even recognize everything they mentioned. Each dish had a beautiful and creative presentation. The only vegan fine dining experience I have to compare to is Millenium of SF (the only vegan fine dining in the Bay Area), and I have to say that August is on another level. My first course was a pear consomme, basically a sweet pear soup with little bits of fruit and a pear sauce on the bottom. I know, I know, my horrible description does the dish no justice. My second course was broccolini. After eating this dish, I'm not sure how I could ever go back to making broccoli myself for dinner. It was so savory and addicting. I felt like they had sprinkled crack on it or something. Next was my favorite. I had a very creamy risotto with fried mushrooms and brussel sprouts sprinkled on top table-side. It was a bit over the top to have another server bring out a little dish of fried veggies to sprinkle slowly in a circle around the risotto, but it was pretty cool to experience the dish being served like that. Dessert consisted of an assortment of fruit with satsuma sorbet. SO yummy! I can't remember the wine, except that it definitely balanced each course. And the amuse-bouche! How could I forget? A little fruit salad, marinated so perfectly and deliciously. Didn't think a couple bites of fruit could taste so good. 
My boyfriend's dishes consisted of foie gras, oysters, duck, pasta with mushrooms, and a chocolate mousse with sorbet. He said everything but the oysters was very simple, but done extraordinarily well. The oysters, broth, and caviar were all good separately, but competed with each other in that one dish. He also enjoyed the wine pairings.
The highlight of the night was when the "checks" came. When my boyfriend was in the bathroom, I asked Zeke to hold onto my credit card because I knew my boyfriend would try to pay even though it was his birthday. Zeke brought two black folders, one for my boyfriend, one for me. Inside my boyfriend's was a piece of paper that said, "Happy birthday!!!" and I got the real check. We were laughing so hard. Apparently when I was in the bathroom after dessert, Zeke had taken my boyfriend's credit card and even swiped it. So funny. 
Overall, GREAT night, amazing food, especially since they made a vegan tasting menu for me! I was expecting this restaurant to make a really good pasta or vegetable dish, and was blown away by what they created. Expensive, but definitely worth the price.I've heard so many wonderful things about this place, too bad it wasn't true.
They is no valet parking which is a hassle, they offer free parking at a lot across the street but the staff didn't provide the correct location or the address of the lot.
The service and food.
There were 7 of us. Some dishes were not correctly served and a steak had to be returned and a wait for one diner really screwed up the meal. I'll never be back. Over hypedMy wife had the veggie tasting menu and I had the gnocchi app and flounder, accompanied by a nice Guigal C-D-P wine.  We tend to be critical and couldn't find a thing to complain about.  Great service, food quality, and flavors.  Top meal!This is the kind of restaurant that you want to visit year round to take advantage of the seasonally changing menus. The chef utilizes locally sourced foods and transforms them into delicious works of art, bursting with fresh flavors and delightful eye-pleasing presentations.
We utilized the Farmers vegetable menu to begin our meal with a Stone Fruit salad in brown butter and Stuffed Squash blossoms. Both dishes were a perfect start to our experience. 
Our entrees included the Wagyu Hangar Steak, Pork Tenderloin and the signature Flounder with crab, shrimp in a divine bernaise sauce. All three were exceptionally well prepared and proportioned just right to leave room for the dessert course for which we chose Dirt Cake, Egyptian Semolina Cake and a Dark Chocolate Souffle. 
The entire experience was punctuated with top notch service from a group of perfectly attentive wait staff who appeared with impeccable timing. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a dining experience.If you are around the area and want some awesome food and service just walk into August. You will love itBest vegetarian Prix Fixe yet, and I've had several, mostly in Chicago at Green Zebra. This meal lived up to the reputation for sure, and they even had an anniversary desert presentation after I mentioned it casually.Sublime.  I haven't had anything this good since eating at Charlie Trotter's in Chicago.  
I went for the lunch on Friday and was not disappointed.  My friend ordered from the ala carte menu and ended up "helping" me with my prix fixe menu.  
The dessert was probably one of the top three I've ever had in my life: Cheese Crepes with Cardamom Green Apple Ice Cream.  I am obsessed with getting the recipe.  
There really isn't much to say except eat here if you can.  It's fabulous. One of the best meals I've had in a long time and a real treat for the soul.Livin' up to the hype
Brent and I were fortunate enough to have our first experience at John Besh's flagship restaurant with an actual chef! Brent's friend from Singapore is a representative for Gaggenau kitchenware in his home country. L.T. contacted Mr. Besh before he got here. I mention all this because we had the rare opportunity to try many small plates of some of the best dishes Restaurant August has to offer.
First let me say, parking here couldn't be easier, as the covered lot right across Gravier is complimentary. Yay! 
This has got to be one of the most beautiful restaurants in the city. Two story ceilings with walls of old brick, gorgeous crystal chandeliers, old woodwork. Despite all the trappings, this is a comfortable and easy place to dine. The acoustics are perfect. The wait staff is attentive, chatty if you would like, out of your way if not. 
The bar is comfortable and conducive to conversation. I ordered an Old Fashioned, and I've now finally admitted to myself (and isn't that the first step) that I just don't really like dark liquors. Brent took the Old Fashioned off my hands and I got a Hemingway. This drink is something like the most fabulous Mojito you could imagine, but better. It's a not-to-be-missed item here.
Mr. Besh came out to talk to L. T. I was simply amazed that he was there on a Monday night, and told him so. He laughed it off, and talked comfortably with us for more than ten minutes. What a fabulous ambassador for our fine city, our food heritage and its future. And no, I don't have a celebrity crush on John Besh!
I could go on about this place, but let me get to the point: I didn't have one bite here I didn't enjoy. The menu changes very often, so meals are hard to duplicate, but, my absolute favorite was called something like Oysters in Three Boxes. Each little box has a different sauce with a few oysters. The bread came in handy for getting that last taste out of the box. Mmmmmmmm!!!!
We also had a great roasted beet salad, and I think we had every appetizer offered this day. I didn't have a bite I'd consider less than inspired. Every dish had a surprise of complex flavors; savory with sweet, Asian with traditional Creole, and the like. L.T. was blown away by the complexity of the tastes, and that's saying something considering he is an Asian chef!
The weakest part of the meal was my entrée, some forgettable fish dish. However, Brent had pan-fried speckled trout which was superb. L.T. had the quail which was perfect, and the surprise here was a delectable little spring roll with hints of coriander and turmeric. That little fried roll absolutely made this dish. Wow!
We ordered desserts, but at this point I was satiated. L.T. loved the goat's milk cheesecake. I thoroughly enjoyed their decaf coffee; it was terrific!
Bottom line: We will be back. This place rocks.Best meal of my life to date. Everything cooked to perfection, creative and looking forward to the next course. My dining partner sent back his entree as it was not what he had anticipated and the situation was handled beautifully. Setting is beautiful in a 19th century building, ambience is low lighting, quiet conversations.Was really looking forward to our dinner here and sadly was very disappointed.  The food was mediocre except for the amuse.this place is perfect, food is delicious, wait staff is proffessional. i love the brick wall.Quite simply one of the best meals I have ever had. Went with a friend and did the four course tasting menu plus wine pairings. Everything was so flavorful and cooked to perfection. In fact, it was so great that I even loved two items that I never eat (/really, truly dislike...normally): pork belly and lamb. I never thought anyone could get me to eat lamb and love it, but apparently I was wrong. This is the type of place where you need to just go with the experience and try everything; you can trust that you are in good hands.
The restaurant itself was formal but cozy. The staff were very polite, unobtrusive, and friendly rather than cold. In fact, our waitress offered us a copy of the menu to take home - which I found very sweet. I especially appreciated it because the dishes had so many subtle flavors and twists to them that I never could have remembered all of the intricacies without a menu in front of me.
The prices were definitely fair for the food/experience. $85 for the four courses plus wine pairings. In addition to the four courses, they also brought out a savory amuse-bouche (seafood custard...strangely amazing) and an after-dessert plate of peanut brittle and white chocolate truffle. The wine, by the way, was fantastic and complimented the food flawlessly.
If I make it back to NOLA I would certainly splurge on this restaurant again.The very short review, for people with ADD:  best meal I've had.
The long version for any one who wants more detail:
Very classy and upscale ambiance without being the least bit stuffy, almost a casual vibe. 
Service was world class, attentive servers, very knowledgable about the menu, super polite, and provided us with an outstanding dining experience. 
After ordering we were presented with an amuse bouche ( spelling anyone?) of fish custard, it sounded gross, both me and my girlfriend looked at each other as if we had  made a mistake On choice of restaurant. After the first brave bite all doubt had been removed! This was one of the tastiest things I had ever eaten. 
We shared a gnocchi app and an oyster app. The gnocchi were perfectly executed and presented and so delicious that I almost lost a hand trying to get a second forkful away from my girlfriend!
The oyster app that I ordered was a masterpiece. The presentation was clean and elegant. I can't even begin to describe just how excellent this dish was, the mere thought of it has me salivating. Every component was deliciously perfect, and then when combined the flavors were so well balanced and so perfectly composed against one another it felt as if each forkful was making sweet sweet love in my mouth!
Next up the entrees. 
My girlfriend ordered the trout, I must say that I do not ordinarily eat fish I'm quite averse to it and have never liked it, that being said this trout was hands down the best fish I've ever tasted, and I regretted not ordering this dish for myself. 
I had ordered the duckling, again this dish was executed to perfection. There was absolutely no fault to be found and again everything was so tasty and so balanced that each bite and the different combination of items on my fork was like an adventure that left me a slightly tired, fully satiated and sitting in my chair with a smile on my face that showed pure joy!Dined there twice in one week and the food and service are excellent. The last time we had both the tasting menu's with wine pairings and they were outstanding!  This is truly a gem of a restaurant. My only criticism is that the hostesses are a bit snobbish, which is totally unnecessary!It's not quite the French Laundry--but close. The food was impeccable and so was the service. I especially enjoyed the gnocchi with shaved French truffles. The wine list is extensive, but we brought a very special bottle of wine and there was no cork fee.The food are so gooooood. They gave a lot of small dishes for free which are not only cute but also tasting. They gave us cannele for free as dessert. It was so delicious, just the same as I had in Bordeaux. It's one of my favorite French restaurant.People use the term "a must" often on Yelp.  I'll just say that you really, really should.
I had been hearing about what John Besh was doing at August for a while, and when I came to New Orleans for the first time, this place was at the top of the list.  Spare no expense!  We enjoyed a few drinks at the bar since we arrived early, and when we were seated, I was already impressed with the service which went well with my esteem of the ambiance.
The food was exceptional.  From the amuse-bouche to the foie gras and gnocchi, we waited eagerly for our entrees, and after sighing and rolling our eyes at the amazing flavors on our plates, tackily and quite happily exchanged them halfway through the meal in order to covet each other's entrees.  We would loved to have had dessert, but were quite surprised to be experiencing a rare sensation at a fine dining establishment.  We were...FULL! 
One of the finest meals I've ever eaten, along with one of my greatest dining experiences was at Restaurant August.  It is and most likely will continue to be my personal standard by which to compare other fine dining experiences, until such time as it is surpassed.  I look forward to that.
NOTE:  While this is easily the most bourgeoisie review I have ever written on here, the restaurant itself is not nearly so.  Don't go in there with jeans on, but don't think you can't enjoy yourself.  You will!Hands down one of the best meals I have ever had and absolutely the best service I have ever experienced.  Our server Robert was fantastic.  From the outset he explained the menu in a very friendly way that didn't underestimate our food knowledge.   Started with the beet salad with arugula and black eyed pea croutons.  I could eat an entire bowl of the black eyed pea croutons with a glass of wine while watching t.v.  The duck was perfectly prepared, tender, all the flavor that the fat brings without any actual fat left on the breast.  Followed up the entree with the cheese plate and white chocolate panna cota.  The coffee was also amazing and served In a nice french press.
The wine list was great too with a nice variety of choices and price points.  
And did I mention Robert?  He was attentive without being intrusive, friendly without crossing the line into being over familiar, and just plain charming.  He made us feel as though we were his favorite customers of the night and I bet he made every table feel the same.  He even gave me a tour of the kitchen.  I would have taken pictures had I known that the restaurant policy is take lots of pictures!
This was the best restaurant experience I have ever had.  Don't miss this New Orleans gem.