Hands down this is my NEW favorite restaurant!!! OMG, the food is AMAZING! Everything was well seasoned and fresh. The portions of food, the presentation, oh and the drinks are GREAT! Our server was Alex, well informed and descriptive about the menu and made great suggestions that were spot on!!! Our service was outstanding.My girlfriend and I were in town for vacation and we decided we wanted something a little more upscale for our final night that's where we found Restaurant Rebirth. Just a heads up , you probably need to call early on in the day for a reservation. We were unable to get a table but we did sit at the serve which was full service. The bartenders name was Ian and he was very attentive & friendly. We started with a bowl of the gumbo. It wasn't the absolute best gumbo I had while in NOLA but it was very tasty & delicious. For the main course we had the Double Cut Tomahawk Pork Chop. It came with onion rings, nueske's bacon braised haricot verts, brabant potatoes, and had a sugar cane Creole Glaze. It was perfectly cooked and so tasty. I would definitely recommend the pork chop. All in all, it was a good experience with a great atmosphere and delicious southern cuisine!SO GOOD. I had the seafood chowder and my husband had the chicken and andouille gumbo. Both on point. We split the quail appetizer. Flipping delicious. THEN we had the duck bamboo duck breasteses. And I must say I have seen so many cooking shows with all these duck critiques and I realized I had never had it. Well I'm so happy my first indulgence into duck land was here. It was outstanding! And probably the best sweet potatoes I've ever eaten.Best food I have ever had. I traveled the world and ate at the best restaurants but Rebirth was definitely an unforgettable experience. Highly recommend this place.A small comfortable restaurant. The reviews suggest it's something to look forward too, which we were.
A good start. The shrimp/eggplant appetizer was very good. The waiter pushed the fish, I believe was Grouper. Hard to tell it was Grouper as it arrived completely over cooked as were the vegetables on which the fish was placed. Pretty ridiculously over cooked (rendered rubber like). My wife had a sea food dish which they call Gulf Seafood Al Ajillo. My wife ended the evening with food related stomach cramps and well ...  use your imagination. The desert was good. For us the experiance was a disappointment. Hope everyone else has a better experience.Get the pork belly as an appetizer...you will not regret it! Came here for dinner about two weeks ago while visiting new Orleans, and glad we chose this place for one of our dinners. Our server was exceptionally friendly, made great recommendations and even made some adjustments to our dinner order so that we could have shareable sized portions (i.e. The blackened scallops...those were also excellent) didn't have enough room for dessert  unfortunately! But if it's anything like the rest of their food, I'm sure it's delicious.The most incredible dinner start to finish. Friendly service, fantastic fish, appetizers and soup, not to mention dessert and wine list. Can't wait to come again! Has a French flavor to it, too.Okay,,,, this place fits the Planet of NewOrleans well.
Get the Bison, just get it.
Service is eclectic and smooth.
Sweet cornbread, what? Awesome.
Bacon in the green beans.
Just picked garden salad.
Get over yourself and get in here.Restaurant Rebirth you are my favorite. 
No seriously, my favorite!  Every time I make my way to the Big Easy I make sure I find time to visit Rebirth.  Honestly one of the best steaks I have ever had, and I still dream of the grilled romaine and fried oyster salad.  Have sent many people there over the years and all have been extremely grateful to experience such a gem.  The decor is classy/chic yet comfortable and the staff has always been lovely. If I could fly in town just for dinner I would.  For anyone reading this, seriously, treat yo'self, you WILL NOT be disappointed.  Until we meet again Restaurant Rebirth.Really enjoyed the food here.  We had several items such as the gumbo, quail, shrimp and lobster. The food is quite heavy so I'd recommend eating here only if you have an appetite.  The service and ambiance was nice.Awesome food and ambiance!  It lived up to the reviews we read before making our reservation.  Thank y'all!Have been wanting to try this place forever and so glad we did.  Love the cool little area where it's located and the ambience of restaurant.  Wait staff was attentive and friendly. Food was Delish.  Had pork chop (which is more than plenty to share) and red fish. Loved this place and would highly recommend.I love this restaurant with a passion. I've been there twice now with my boyfriend and it has been truly amazing both times. The pork belly there is literally amazing it's just the best combination of flavors. The filet migon is a must try, with Emma's chimmichurri, also the pork chops are incredibly well made. A must while in New Orleans.Small Quaint restaurant we sat at the bar, as the place was packed.  The bartender recommended the pork belly appetizer. This is not something I would normally eat or even think about ordering. It was unbelievably good. They serve corn bread versus regular bread and it's the best cornbread I have ever had. We ordered the filet and the snapper. The filet was so tender it could be cut with a butter knife.The filet came out on a 500 degree cast iron plate with butter and herb seasoning that was perfection on a platter. It was by far the best filet of any restaurant including all of the high end restaurants I have been to. The snapper was excellent with superb seasoning and plated beautifully. The fingerling potatoes were also fantastic. The service at the bar was incredible. Traveling from out of town but would visit weekly if possible.Everything was pretty much excellent. I recommend to start off with the bbq pork belly for sure. Something I'd be reluctant to order but glad we did. Didn't really have room for dessert but couldn't resist. All were worth ordering on the dessert list. Cocktails were well crafted as well. I had a filet myself which could compete with any steakhouse in the city. Tasted the gumbo which was good quality and more on the richer side. The glazed cornbread was another big surprise. I was able to try a taste of my buddies fish and that was class as well.Small restaurant. I recommend making reservations. Food was ok very expensive for the quality. Presentation was pretty.  Service was good very disappointed with foodThis place was all around phenomenal. The food was expertly flavored and the portions did not disappoint. My date and I shared the Fried Oyster over angle hair pasta to start. For entrees we ordered the Ribeye and Pork Chops. Both cuts of meat came cooked to perfection with overflowing flavor. Service was crisp and welcoming. Don't skip on the sides, these were also impressive as well. I literally saw my girlfriend's eyes roll back as she tasted the Crawfish/Tasso ham corn Maque Choux. 
Great place for an important date or business dinner.Absolutely amazing food, service and wonderful ambience. Fine dining in a casual easy setting. Everything from appetizer to desert was superb. Very attentive warm wait staff and manager on site and very present. It's a total winner! Five star all the way.Great new spot. Delicious food, quaint decor. Seafood chowder was amazing!  As were the blackened scallops.  Service was stellar.  3 waiters that traded off fluidly.Gumbo was delicious appetizer, perfectly seasoned and nice and hot. Gulf Seafood entree was full of great seafood but lacked seasoning. The filet was bland-very hot and tender but needed seasoning. Not what was expected.Please please please please please come to Portland Oregon. Having eaten at Portland city grill before and have had the pork chop there, the pork chop here blew pcg out of the water. The drinks were amazing, the service was fantastic, dinner was breath taking, I really wish I could eat here every day.Stunningly awesome. Went back two times to try more of the menu. The Chef is utterly amazing! Favs are pork belly, grouper, eggplant, seafood al aljillo. This place is a must for any trip to NOLA!
They have a side of greens which is just heavenly. Combo of collard and mustard greens cooked in bacon and brown sugar. Words cannot express this treasure!
Service is world class as well.Our first time here but we come to New Orleans quite a bit. Mary was our server and she was awesome. Informative. Fun. Nice. Efficient. Love this place.The best food and service around! The atmosphere is great. The pork chop was amazing as was the steak!The service (Collin and Neal) was beyond incredible. The food unique and amazing. I highly recommend the shrimp and eggplant appetizer and the blackened redfish.Great dinning in a small restaurant. The Pork Chop was exceptional!ok although we didn't actually eat here, just drinks, we saw how large the portions were and were impaled by the delightful scents wafting from the kitchen. based on that, we will definitely be back!!!
all that being said, I am writing this review purely based on my senses and the wonderfully friendly and attentive bartender that served my mother and I on our most recent visit. 
no one told me that shots in new Orleans are equal to a full glass NYC style but gotdamnit I appreciate it. to put it another way, the extra heavy handed bartender wowed me with his charm attitude and overall bar experience. the bar itself is pretty small and located directly across from the kitchen.  they had an exceptional variety of bourbon and that awesomely friendly bartender (can you tell I am a fan yet) offered me a taste of another bourbon I had never heard of!!!
cant wait to go back and taste, not just drink, on my next visit!!!Awesome food. Eating here three times in three days. The project belly is to die for, the seafood chowder was awesome, the white chocolate bread pudding was great. Service was exceptional. Great restaurant.Everything was amazing from ambience, to cocktails, to appetizers, entrees and dinner. Pork belly and gumbo were highlights. A great find!Had a fun time and the food was good. Looked like a parking prob if I was driving
Food came out slow, But hotThis place is new, but everything runs smoothly and on point. I came here by myself for dinner, but I didn't feel alone. Servers and owner took the time to chat with me when they could. They were very patient and kind considering how busy it was on a Monday evening. I was also seated by the kitchen and really enjoyed seeing everything working in the kitchen. 
It's a modern Cajun take on food, but by this point of my vacation I was worn out from so much seafood. I chose a salad, filet mignon, gnocchi and mushrooms, with some Mexican mules instead. Everything was what food heaven is made of! The service was top notch too. My drinks were mixed to perfection. I cannot wait to go back and bring some people with me. 
I wish I had room for dessert.You must eat here! The food, service and atmosphere are all divine. We started with the pork belly app, which was meaty and perfectly cooked. But even better than that was the greens it was served with, true southern cooked greens with a spicy sweetness. The most delightful young man brought over a heavenly cornbread. I then had the scallop entree - some of the plumpest, nicely cooked scallops I've had. The potatoes and corn complimented them nicely. My dining partner had the filet and added a side of green beans that he very much enjoyed. Even though we were stuffed we ended the night with coffee and bread pudding that was very nice, though not as memorable as the rest of the meal. Service was attentive and friendly. Allow plenty of time for a leisurely meal. We were there over 2 hours, though certainly time well spent. We'll be returning!Location is great , inside atmosphere is perfect , the host and servers are top notch , and very attentive . we ordered the pork chop and scallops . Both were very good . Food arrived sizzling hot and very appealing to the eye . We Would order them again . We will visit here again on our next visitWalked in, greeted then seated quickly. Jimmy was our waiter but the whole staff helped my girlfriend and myself out. Once we were given our drinks, we also received cornbread, that taste amazing. We ordered oysters over angel hair pasta as a appetizer, which tasted great. I ordered the tomahawk chop over green beans and my girlfriend ordered the seafood platter, both dishes were delicious. For dessert we ordered the creme brulee which had a coffee creme. It tasted awesome! The whole experience was wonderful. Great place to eat! Friendly staff! Fast Service!Very good food and hospitality.  From the soup to the Scallops to the white chocolate bread pudding.  Very good atmosphere.   Sat at the bar and was able to see all of the goodness that came out of the kitchen!   Must stop!Great restaurant! Staff was very friendly and attentive.  We had the pork belly- it is a must try.  The gumbo was very tasty. I had the scallops- melted in my mouth. I would highly recommend this restaurant!We had a great experience for dinner during our trip to NOLA! It's a small restaurant that is just open for dinner. The service was wonderful and they give you tasty cornbread to start. I had a glass of bubbly and my hubby had a cocktail. I had the gumbo of the day- AMAZING!! It had chicken and sausage. For dinner, I had the pork belly- special thanks to yelp for the recommendation. It was really tasty and served with collard greens and fried okra. I would have never ordered it without a recommendation, but I am so glad I did!! Great experience!Such good food. We got the pork belly as an appetizer and it was incredible. Then got two different seafood dishes - scallops were insane. Some of the best I've ever had. This is a newer restaurant but I would highly recommend it.Porkbelly, scallops and gumbo, oh my! Everything was amazing. My teenager wanted to lick his plate. The gumbo is the best I have ever had. The atmosphere was wonderful and the service was perfect. Our waiter new everything on the menu and guided us well.Great food! You have to get the gumbo to start off! The gumbo is the best i have ever had.Came in here late on a Monday night and sat at the bar. Ordered the pork chop. It was the best pork chop I have ever had hands down. Period. Go here. Order the pork chop. And thank me. Seriously go now. Staff was super friendly to boot. Five stars easy.My husband and I came here for a nice dinner on our honeymoon. We were not disappointed, the food was spectacular! We ordered the pork belly, gumbo, ribeye, and blackened redfish. We loved it all, but especially the pork belly! We were given great service and left with happy stomachs. We'd love to come back again!Amazing !!!! Wandered in on a Thursday night around 9pm- waited about 30 minutes for a table but so worth the wait - This place is awesome !! Had the eggplant shrimp appetizer was delicious . The Pork chop was easily the best I've ever had , the glaze on the chop was to die for . Great way to end my Spring break in NOLA!!!I absolutely loved this place!   wonderful service! Stellar food! And the owner was going around from table to table and was super friendly! The food was delicious and memorable. It's the only place where I felt the need to leave 25% tip because the service was so good (I can't remember our server's name but something like Gray??) HIGHLY recommended!Ate here last night after making a reservation the day before. We recently heard that locals eat between 7:00 and 8:30 which explained why we had such a hard time getting reservations. Our waitress Rae was very knowledgeable about the local food and mixology scene and had some great suggestions when we told her we were in town for the first time.
I started with stuffed quail and was surprised at the layers of flavor. I think the marmalade might have been fresh. I had planned on a steak but ended up with the al ajilla, a subtle mix of flavors. 
We found very few places with casual fine dining here and were delighted to have dinner here.An upscale restaurant in the warehouse district.
App
 We ordered the shrimp eggplant as an app. It was excellent, crispy outside, hot soft inside. We were each given a small slice of cornbread, it had strong sweet brown sugar flavor and was yummy but a little too dry for my taste. 
Drinks
My fiancé had the monkey punch which he liked, wasn't my cup of tea, strong coconut flavors. I had a white Spanish wine, something Indra. It was light with slight citrus flavors. 
Entrees
I had the melt in your mouth filet mignon and he had the superb tasting lamb. 
Sides
Neither entree came with any sides, no vegetable or soup or salad and both entrees were upwards of $35. I know many high end paces do this but I don't care for it. So I got the fried okra, it was ok nothing to write home about and he had the corn side with was interesting but also not amazing, I would have loved it either side had a little more spice to them. 
Service
The host and wait staff were beyond attentive and polite. However, after we had our appetizer we waited more than 30 min. I see this as a sign that everything was cooked from scratch with detail but alas it was nevertheless annoying. 
Dessert
We the creme brûlée which was amazing with strong coffee like flavors and little powdered sugar sweet cake or doughnut like morsels on top.Another perfect review! I came to New Orleans for an entrepreneurship conference and I have to say the best part was finding this restaurant... I had the eggplant and the gumbo and oops! A bourbon drink. Wouldn't change a think eclectic to make my stomach bigger. The staff were super nice too.Amazing cornbread, appetizers, service! Leonard the bartender awesome!!!  Absolutely recommend!Absolutely amazing food and service! Leonard was exceptionally accommodating!  Blackened scallops were decadent - duck was best ever! Pork belly appetizer was to die for! Gnocchi was amazing!!To begin our food journey through New Orleans, we had our first solo date night here, and let me tell you, it was bomb diggity.
We ordered just a couple things... HA. Yeah right. We stuffed ourselves so much we had to go straight home. No strip clubs or late night street drinking for these two hippos.
The highlights:
- Cocktails were great (but I would save the room for food)
- Started with the pork belly- do it. Oh and also the gumbo du jour. It's heavenly.
- Pork chop and blackened scallops were top notch 
- dessert... Cafe Au Lait Creme Brûlée... yeah... just think about that for a sec.
Service was spectacular too... overall, definitely worth 5+ stars.We ended up here after looking at review on Yelp. To be honest, I didn't think any restaurant would be able to compete with the place we had just had lunch, Cochon. However, Rebirth was amazing. We didn't have a reservation so we sat at the bar. The bartender was friendly and the couple sitting next to us were affable as well. 
I had a mojito, which was fantastic. For the meal, we shared 3 items. The pork belly, shrimp wrapped in eggplant, and the blackened scallops. Everything was so yummy. I wish I had an extra stomach. 
I would highly recommend this spot for dinner as it's cozy, delicious and great service.If I was dying, I would definitely dine here for my last meal!  Every detail of your dining experience is top notch, from beginning to end.  All item's from pork belly appetizer to filet mignon, green beans, & fingerling potatoes was delectable.  Not to mention the coffee creme brulee w/ mini beignets which my husband almost had finished before I returned from the facilities.  Each item had their own personality & was so delicious.  Hats off to the Chef, Manager, Host & Servers for attention to detail!Would definitely dine here again in a heartbeat!  Would also try the sister restaurant which was not open yet on our last visit.  They even sent us well wishes on our birthdays.  Run don't walk to this establishment, you won 't regret it!!!The food was amazing! Full of flavor and cooked to perfection!! We had the Red Fish ....oh my gosh...it was the show stopper! It was moist and just melted in our mouth. I'd like to think that I'm a connoisseur if greens and let me say Rebirth's greens were delicious. The Gulf Seafood al Ajillo was amazing and it comes with French bread so that you can enjoy the every bit of white wine sauce...yummy! Now let's talk about the white chocolate bread pudding.... my, my, my, and my....not too sweet but just right...the perfect ending to an amazing meal. The food was delicious, presentation was on point, the staff was friendly and very personable. It was our 1st dinner on this trip to NOLA so the bar it set high!Excellently crafted farm fresh and beautifully presented!  Another new and creative restaurant in the up and coming warehouse district. ( Or at least that is what I was told!)  Anyways, I will be there again once I am in town.I'm not impressed. I had dinner at the bar because the hostess said they were expecting reservations; when I left, there were only 4 customers in the entire restaurant. My server was inattentive and spent most of his time talking amongst his co-workers. I ordered the fish of the day (red grouper); it was bland and tasteless. The ambiance was confusing; they clearly haven't figured out their theme yet. Like I said, unimpressed.Excellent food and service. Highly recommend this place. We had reservations for two and even with a last minute addition they were very accommodating. The bison ribeye was one of the best steaks I have ever eaten. My wife thoroughly enjoyed her blackened scallops. The sides are very tasty but a little small. More than a serving but not quite two.Ate there News Years Eve and most places that have a special fixed menu are usually sub par. Not here the food was amazing the service stellar (Alex our server was great). I just recommend this restaurant the next time you are in NOLA!! Recomend the Pork Belly..It always seems redundant to put a 5 star restaurant on a place with this many positive reviews, but I had to. 
I was in town for a work conference this week and brought some of my customers here for dinner.  All I can say is WOW!  This was absolutely amazing.  Everything was amazing.  The apps, entrees, wine, desert.  
It would be hard for me to NOT come back here on my next NOLA visit.  Also, my customers raved about it was very happy with my pick.  Service was also top notch!I would give more stars if I could. This places serves the best food I have ever eaten.  8 of us went on a Thursday night,  then 12 of us went the next night on Friday.  Steaks melt in your mouth,  best beef flavor.  Fried oysters on mushroom sauced angel hair,  tomahawk pork chops,  pork belly all so incredible. I do not like bread pudding,  but they converted me, beyond delicious. Creme Brule simply amazing.  They start you off with a wedge of sweet corn bread,  I could have eaten a whole pan of it. If you do not try this place you will be sorry.I came in on a Saturday evening with a group of girls. We were expecting a true fine dining experience.  Fine dining is definitely not the word to describe this place. We got to the restaurant around 8:15. The restaurant was small, but it had a southern atmosphere which made it welcoming.  We waited to place our order because the computer systems went down. Not a big deal; however, we started to notice tables that were seated after us were getting appetizers and entrees. We finally got our appetizers after about an hour and a half, the shrimp and eggplant, oysters and angel hair, and the pork belly. All three appetizers were excellent. We also got two soups, the seafood chowder (delish!) and the gumbo (it was okay). It took another hour before getting our entrees. We were literally there for more than two and a half hours. We ordered the Fish of the day, blackened red fish, and the pork chop. Each fish was okay, I don't think it was worth the price tag especially since you don't get any sides with it. The pork chop was amazing though.  Due to the amount of steaks being cooked, it made the restaurant smoky, which made my eyes water. A friend of mine ordered another glass of wine, but decided to cancel it because it was taking forever. When she told the waiter, he responded with "I was about to go to the back and grab the bottle." Let's be honest, he forgot because he was tending to other tables. She expressed her feelings about the service we received, and the waiter was defensive about the service, not once being apologetic.  You would think the manager would be notified and at the very least, discuss the service with the customer. However, the only thing that the manager did was give us complimentary rosé. Also, another friend heard f-bombs being dropped by the pick-up window. Not too professional.  We felt neglected and forgotten about especially since the chef "plans the entrees accordingly".  It's such a shame to give a poor review, especially when the food is so good.A rose by any other name... Restaurant Rebirth does not disappoint.  Come hungry.  Get the pork belly appetizer.  I've been here four times and perfect service and food each time.Very nice atmosphere.  Food was tasty.. though a tad bit overpriced. Attentive wait staff that was eager to please.This place is very good. But it is not 5 star excellent.
The food was all very good....but nothing amazing or memorable.
The beer list was small, and the one I really wanted they were out of.
It is in a cool spot in the warehouse district.
The service was a little over bearing.
I don't know that they gave me a reason to go back, but I had a perfectly nice meal there.We hit a real gem by making a reservation here. I wasn't sure what to expect but Yelp really helped us out here. I was looking for Cajun Creole food for our one big dinner in town and Restaurant Rebirth hit that spot. We made reservations 5 days in advance and got a table for 5 without any issues. LOVED it.
You'll find all the favorites here from pork belly to gumbo to steak. They have it all. I started off with the gumbo which was by far the best I have had. Everyone will have their favorites but this was my gumbo favorite. Served in a piping hot "cauldron" the gumbo was everything you'd want: hearty, warm, spicy, spiced! For my entree I had the Gulf Seafood al Ajillo: a mixture of all the fresh seafood you can get in the area cooked in a white wine reduction and olive oil. 
Others at the table got the pork belly and the tomahawk pork chops and everyone had ecstatic satisfied faces. I'd recommend this restaurant to every person asking for recommendations in the area. Absolutely loved the service. They are little outside of downtown but that just adds to the fact that people will come out of their bubble to eat here. Not much parking so uber yourself over!Great little gem of a restaurant. Excellent farm-to-table restaurant!! The food is outstanding and the service is excellent. We started with the Pork Belly Appetizer. The sweet turnip greens complimented the pork belly very nicely and provided balance to the pork. We couldn't get enough of the crispy outer edge. The main course was a filet which was cooked to perfection and brought out sizzling in butter on a cast iron skillet. Top 5 steak according to my date. My main course was the fish of the day, pompano. The pompano was served in two small filets and served over a bed of mixed vegetables and gnocchi. The pompano was perfectly prepared and melted in my mouth, the vegetables were delicious. The portions are generous and you will want to stop eating long before the food is gone but since it tastes so good you will likely keep eating. For dessert we ordered the white chocolate bread pudding; I personally found it to be a little too sweet but my date thought it was outstanding.Holy. Crap. Go here.
We got the shrimp stuffed eggplant and the just picked greens salad. They were so good.
Entrees were fish of the day and seafood Al ajillo. Both were excellent.
Cafe au lait creme brulee for dessert. Amaze.
Go here.We had dinner at Rebirth last evening. I loved the small intimate space. The staff was cordial and engaging. Manny greeted us and Mark was our server. We ordered the gumbo, garden salad, fried oyster over pasta with a mushroom sauce  and deep fried  stuffed shrimp wrapped with Japanese eggplant. Everything was delicious, appetizers were generous portions and rich. The fried oysters were not quite as crispy as I prefer.  Mark suggested a Greek white wine for us to try and it was OUTSTANDING.Day 1 of our Restaurant Rebirth inspired NOLA trip and within 90 minutes of the wheels touching down, our seats were parked at our original table at Restaurant Rebirth.  Our waiter for the eve was Nick and Jimmy was the manager for the evening and they treated us like royalty - absolutely great service in spite of the restaurant being packed.  Hubby reunited himself with their world famous pork belly.  Once again, silence was upon the table while he went to that private place with the pork belly.  Conversation eventually returned when he realized I was about to steal another portion of the delicious collards that accompanies the PB.  Entrees for the evening included the blackened scallops, cooked to perfection and included something I never had but was wonderful...fried fennel pickles (tasted like a cross between jicama and Granny Smith apples).  Hubby had the Gulf Seafood Al Ajillo; comforting flavors with heat that creeps upon you, so proceed with caution (meaning do not add any hot sauce).  Finished the experience with the best bread pudding ever.  Perfect texture on the inside, light crunch on top and the right balance of sweetness.  Restaurant Rebirth rocks!!!Our waiter Alex was great. The food was excellent. You must try the soup d hour light seafood chowder.Our 5F (Fourth Friday for Friends Foodies and Fun) selected Restaurant Rebirth for our dining experience this month and we are giving it 5F's (that's a good thing).  The food was DELICIOUS.  Our waiter was friendly, patient and attentive.  The manager Manny added the personal touch by coming over and greeting us.  The young fella outside took our photo with a smile. That food tho....the southern cooked greens and hominy and crawfish and tasso maque choux were sooooo good, I think all of the sides may be winners. We all had seafood and it was delicious.  Do try the shrimp and eggplant appetizer!!  Truly one of our favorite and most memorable dining adventures.  We'll be back (Schwarzenegger style).Y'all, say y'all, this place is where you need to be, no lie.
This has been unfairly bookmarked for way more time than it should have been before i made my way in here. Made reservations because you know when you have a fine dining spot with impeccable ratings, it's best not to try your luck on a walk in. My intent was to do the V-day dinner here but they're closed on Sunday, so note that.
Let's get to it, twas my date and i and between the two of us we ordered: Pork Belly (appetizer), 2 glasses of wine (1 Puydeval Cab, 1 Malbec), Filet Mignon, Tomahawk Porkchop and a Crème Brûlée for dessert. All that delicious food for only $118.81! I was expecting to pay more than that but, who's complaining? Not me.
First you MUST, i repeat, MUST get that pork belly appetizer, it is freaking phenomenal i tell you! Smoked to perfection (in house) with their special glaze, the greens, the okra...YES LAWD! It was the perfect introduction that set the tone for what was to be expected from the rest of our dishes.
I had the Tomahawk Pork Chop and it is a behemoth of a serving over a bed of greens, cooked to perfection all the way through. Each bite was a juicy and savory slice of heaven. I actually couldn't finish it, which is rare, especially considering i went in with an enormous appetite. I also saved space, purposely, for dessert. I just had to see what it was hitting for.
My date had the Filet Mignon as she just can't pass up a good steak. That thing came out sizzling, the staff urged caution in your approach and they weren't lying, i could feel the heat coming off of it from my side of the table. Nothing like a good filet and they've got it, and everything else from what i could tell, down packed here.
Leaving room for dessert, i had my first ever creme brûlée. I don't know how it pairs up to other places that serve this light but sweet treat, but my eyes lit up after the first bite. Man, those guys in the kitchen deserve all the praise. So much love put into each dish, i wanted to go back there and hug each one of them.
Service and staff were on point all night. Manny, whom I'm guessing is the manager was doing a great job at making everyone feel welcome and giving a bit of background to some decorations in the restaurant and their in-house methods of handling certain meats. It was all a great experience, i could not be happier with Restaurant Rebirth.
Definitely top 3 recommendations i would offer anyone looking for a fine dining place in the city.
Great job, y'all, really, bravo!Our waitress was delightful and fun! Her recommendations were excellent and the food was really really good! I will definitely go back!Pork belly and gumbo were phenomenal. Both are must haves. Nice, but small space, food makes up for any lack of ambiance.Gumbo was wonderful. Grilled romaine and oysters was excellent. Shrimp and eggplant was incredible.  And Leonard was extremely friendly and attentive.  Wonderful experience.Wow...just wow! About as good as it gets in the Big Easy.  Went with 3 friends, devoured at least half the menu between us. Don't think anyone had a bite of food that was less than excellent. Personal standouts...Pork Belly and Greens appetizer, Eggplant Wrapped Shrimp appetizer and the massive, juicy double cut Pork Chop.  Had a bite of my friends fillet, awesome!  A bite of my friends gumbo...spectacular (more about that later), a bite of scallop, holy s%&t!!! Great cocktails, fairly priced wine list and the best damn cornbread you will ever eat (and I don't like cornbread). Service could not have been better all around. Food was so good, one friend and I went back 2 days later and ate an early, pre-concert dinner at the bar...more gumbo, cornbread and a pasta, fried oyster and mushroom appetizer that was killer!  Cudos to the chef, kitchen staff and rest of the crew at Rebirth. I shall return next time in town.Stopped in here on a weekend trip to New Orleans.  Great meal, every course was phenomenal and our waiter was awesome.  The bread pudding for a dessert is a must!!!Absolutely amazing!! If perfect could be perfect it would equal Restaurant Rebirth! Such a fabulous experience! My family came to New Orleans for the weekend from Los Angeles and Seattle. Our reservations were initially the same time but we pushed them back a bit b/c we had a pretty big lunch. My aunt & uncles reservations were at 6. I started receiving text messages at approximately 6:15 about how amazing the appetizers were. Next wave of messages started with the main dishes. I don't eat pork or beef however it seemed as though the greens and pork belly were making my uncle want to dance. I quickly got dressed and was so excited to begin my experience! The staff was extremely warm and friendly. We sat down and got to business. We had a round of gumbo and the presentation was FABULOUS!!! cast iron pots to eat out of!! The gumbo was absolutely delicious!! My next stop was the "just picked" amazin!! Even the edible flower was delicious. Lastly, I ordered the trout and I was so pleased! My boyfriend ordered the blackened scallops and they were so fresh and perfectly seasoned. I also tasted my sisters chicken. To wrap up our night we ended with the bread pudding. I was literally in a food coma and I was so pleased with my experience. Melvin our server made it even more special!! I'd go back in heart beat!!Amazing food. We visited from NYC on MLK weekend. Picked this based on yelp and TripAdvisor reviews. 
Summary 
Some of the best seafood we've eaten. 
Kind and attentive waiter
Comfort food
Authentic local cuisine
Simple and delicious
We ordered gumbo soup appetizer. This had sausages. It was incredible. Not too salty. Just right. 
Garden salad was chilled crispy and good. Interesting dressing. A bit sweet for my taste but good nonetheless. 
Main course - blackened red snapper with a side dish recommended by waiter. Very fresh, deboned huge serving of flaky white fleshed fish. Very simply prepared. Mild saltiness. Not huge flavoring but the goodness of the fish shines though. This was a very good but not earth-shattering dish. 
Seafood al Ajillo. This was incredible. Flavorful, perfectly cooked and just delicious. Highlight of the meal. I would come back again for this dish. 
We dine all over the world and regularly in NYC at many fine restaurants. This place is exceptional. 
Decor is rustic and authentic local. Not fancy at all but a nice experience. Our waiter was friendly, warm and attentive. 
We feel we had an authentic NOLA dining experience. This is what we came to New Orleans for. Recommended highly. 
FYI - prices were cheap compared to NYC restaurants. Gumbo $8, salad $10, entrees $35.This place is great!  I highly recommend this place! We had the pork-belly and shrimp wrapped in eggplant - delish!Are here twice because the Marriott hotel food  (across the street) was making me ill (processed crap that really felt like it had no love). Rebirth has amazing attentive friendly staff, quality local food selected with care, creative dishes and a comfortable fresh environment. Recommend! Make a reservation in advance! 
Had the filet minion with lump crab on top and the owners moms chimmichurri recipe on the side -- that was king!
If you want to eat lighter, second trip, I had the fish of the day (snapper) with greens/other -- also amazing! 
My colleague had the pork belly, which is smoked for 24hours, and it tasted/ looked amazing!I must say, our service tonight was fantastic and the food was delectable! I Highly recommend this place. This small gem is located where the old La boca used to be. Come check them out. The food may take a while for preparation but well worth it. In the mean time you can check out their cocktails  and wine list to warm up your palate. Enjoy!We decided to dine here while visiting New Orleans. The pork belly appetizer and the soup of the day which was a seafood loaded New England clam chowder were amazing! I felt like it could hardly be called a New England chowder because it was far better then that! Dinner was good,I had the blackened scallops which were delicious and my friend had the duck which was also good. My boyfriend ordered the tomahawk pork chop which came out looking amazing. It was suggested by the waiter that it be cooked medium. I did read a few reviews and thought perhaps we should ask for it cooked longer as the general consensus was that it comes out "undercooked." But we took the waiters recommendation. To our dismay it was indeed undercooked in the center. Which was a real shame since the outside of the pork chop was delicious and so was the glaze. We contemplated having it sent back but pork can be finicky and at risk of receiving back a dry over done pork chop he ate it as it. The service was great and the food good with the exception of the pork chop. Definitely a nice spot for a special occasion.This review is simply a repeat of everything you already read. This place does not disappoint. The food, the staff, the ambience, just awesomeThis was the best dinner we had in New Orleans.  Everything was just perfect, from drinks, to food, to service.  We shared the grilled seafood  and the soft shell crabs.  Wonderful!  And the greens and hominy were amazing.One of the best bites of food I've had in the city of New Orleans.
It takes a lot for me to go out of my way and write a Yelp review. Don't worry, I'm not gonna get all "blogy" and go into a ton of detail about the place. All I can say is that I've spent quite a bit of time in New Orleans for work and have had the pleasure of eating in a bunch of it's restaurants. Their appetizer dish of angel hair with mushrooms and fried oysters was absolutely sublime. Ian the bartender paired it with a white wine from Greece and I was in heaven. 
Wow. Go here. You won't regret it.In the creole food capital of the country, opening a restaurant with a modern take on creole cuisine is hard to pull of, but as is obvious from my rating, Rebirth has succeeded. The space is small but comfortable, with a charming yet prototypical New Orleans finish out. 
We tried two appetizers, the Quail La Louisiane (foie gras boudin stuffed quail) and the Shrimp and Eggplant. Of the two, the Shrimp and Eggplant was better executed, but only because the boudin was a bit too rich.
The Blackened Scallops (with lobster and tasso maque choux) entree was one of the best dishes I've eaten in New Orleans. I also sampled their 8oz Filet Mignon, the pork chop, and the gulf fish (Mahi Mahi). The filet was perfect, the pork chop was a huge portion and also cooked to perfection, and the fish was good but the gnocchi it came with was slightly bland. 
Their cocktail menu is decent but I expect it will improve in time. However, their wine selection is excellent. 
For dessert, we shared the Cafe Au Lait Creme Brûlée. We fought over the last bite despite being very full.Rated one of the best new restaurants in the country and guess what they were absolutely right. Speak with the GM to listen to the incredible story behind the vision and then sit at the bar have some drinks and get ready for the most amazing food you'll have in your life.Best salad  dressing  I've  ever  had  - and I  don't  usually  like  salad  dressing. The corn  bread  is sweet  and  delicious. I   enjoyed  my duck, and regret  that  I  have  no  room  for  dessert, as I   was  planning  on  trying  the   cafe au lait creme brulee.Excellent restaurant in a city full of great restaurants.  Superb service with a sophisticated menu reflective of the culture in New Orleans.  Started with the pork belly and quail appetizer. Outstanding!
Last but least is the veal chop!  Delicious!  Perfectly prepared.  Love this place!Literally amazing! Manny and staff were all wonderful, making the whole dining experience spectacular. We came from out of town and stumbled across Rebirth so we didn't have a reservation but Manny personally checked on us outside while we waited, which only took a few minutes. The food is definitely worth the price!Excellent food and service! The fish of the day, steak tartare and soft shell crab are all fantastic!Came with a party of 10 and everyone got something different with no one going away unhappy! The pork chop was the winner of the group!The food is just amazing!!! One of the best restaurants I have been! The oysters & Angel Hair and the pork belly are a must. The duck bamboo is amazing. Good job guys!pork belly appetizer was decent. It didn't wow us, but i might get it again. I choked on the bed of greens it was sitting on, but that was totally my fault. I lived, barely. My wife got a steak that was pretty decent as well, but not quite worth the money and I got a trio of fish, shrimp and crab claws. The portion was small for the price and the quality didn't make up for it. I'm not sure what we dropped for this meal, but it wasn't quite worth the price.  The manager was a super nice guy and the decor was perfect for a quiet nice dinner.I had a great experience at this restaurant. A big reason for this is the absolutely stellar customer service! I made reservations for 9 pm for a group of four on a cold and windy New Year's Eve. It was also a Saturday night downtown so parking was a journey. Once we made it to the building's entrance the doors were imediately opened for us as we were warmed with a pleasant reception from the hostess. After confirming the reservation we were promptly seated.
 The dining area was intimate with close seating. The environment was vibrant as it was a full house. The staff were all smiles and very welcoming.
Our server started us off with drinks. They have a large wine menu but we opted for cocktails instead. I personally tried the blackberry mojito and the monkey punch. They were perfectly balanced and not overly sweet. Soon after our drinks were served, we ordered appetizers. The favorites of the night were the oysters over angel hair pasta and a seafood soup they had on special for that night. The favorite entrees of the night were the Gulf Seafood Al Ajilo and the Triple cut pork chop. That's right I said triple cut! I received an extra cut! It was a massive piece of meat! The only note I'll make is our wait was significant. If I wasn't in such good company and if our server wasn't so awesome I would've been frustrated to say the least. I will commend the staff for their attention to the wait issue and the handling of it. It was New Year's Eve, I'm sure the wait was because of that. We were not made of any complications so that opinion is purely speculative. My reservation was late in the night and they also had a very large crowd so we never complained. Thats how good their service was. They were on top of it. I'd definitely go back. When our food was finally brought out the entire staff came out and thanked us for dining with them! That was a very nice personal touch and went a long way to make us feel like appreciated guests among other nice gestures like free samples of appetizers, a few compt drinks, and awesome wait service. We even ordered desert afterwards. The favorite was the white chocolate bread pudding! If you can request Collin , he was an excellent and attentive server with a great personality!This place is EXCELLENT!!  Saw the Yelp review and checked it out on our first night in NOLA. Great creole cuisine. The chef blends a bit of Boston in with the local flair. The staff is excellent as well. Our server Collin was knowledge, friendly and attentive. 
You can go wrong here.!Phenomenal experience.  Melt in your mouth pork belly appetizer!! Great food and service!everything was good expected the angel hair pasta with fried oyster,  the oyster was golden and very tasty, for the pasta part, I think they tried too hard to make it taste lighter, it added lots of lemon butter..and trying to reflect the taste of oyster , but I think the lemon taste can be litter lighter, or I would just choose the fried oyster and salad instead, the catfish chowder was delicious..and the corn bread..love themNice little restaurant in the warehouse district. The food was prepared well and tasted great, although it did take close to 45 min for the entrees to come out after the first course was done. The server/bartenders were friendly, could have been a little more knowledgable about the food and wine, but thats me nitpicking. I really do like the space itself.  I'd give it another go for sure if someone wanted to try it out for sure.Amazing from start to finish.  The salad with oysters was just perfect then scallops with a corn- based sauce and then the creek brûlée.  Must go back!! And I didn't even talk about the corn bread ...Oh Boy! Do you want a perfect date night? Or to impress someone? Or not have to worry about one person being able to complain? Go here.
Our waiter was incredible, the moment my butt hit the seat he was there ready to go. He immediately informed us Boudreaux's were being sat next to the Thibodeaux's. Which started the night off perfectly lol. 
Our drinks were incredible, mine was a tequila based drinks with watermelon and blueberries, yum. We ordered the pork belly appetizer, which I normally never like, and I licked the plate clean.
I wasn't even hungry when we arrived but I sure ate every bit of every single thing put in front of us. I was literally about to explode. 
My boyfriend ordered the filet topped with crab meat (he does wish he ordered scallops instead of the crab), but that steak was phenomenal. He got a side of a crawfish/corn mix, also SO GOOD. 
I ordered the fried oyster with angel hair pasta (app) as my entree, it couldn't have been better. Every single bite was perfect, and at this point I'm about to throw up I'm so full. But I also licked that plate clean. 
Every part of the staff was so friendly and they actually cared. It felt like family. FIVE STARS.Suuuuuuuper yummy apps and mains. We started with the pork belly and fried shrimp, dived on into some gumbo, and finished it off with an enormous flank of pork chop. Great service, nice ambiance, stellar food. The cornbread was a little too sweet for my taste, but who remembers cornbread after a meal like that?Mississippi style barbecue pork belly was the highlight. Highly recommended.  I would return just for that appetizer.  My wife had the scallops and really enjoyed them. I had the Gulf Seafood Al Ajillo and it did not impress me. It is busy and so book a table in advance. Some of the tables are better positioned than others...Out of this world good food. Not a 5 for only one reason which I hope the owners read. We are used to ordering an appetizer and looking at the menu to decide on an entree. They would not take our appetizer order separate from our entree as they said the chef needs them together to stage properly. Ok not what I am used to but we went along with it. Appetizers were great (gumbo and shrimp with eggplant). The second we finished with the appetizers the entrees were there right away. Absolutely no break to breathe. If this is what they mean by staging then I get it but seems more like turning the tables than staging to me. But the food was great but took a star away for the service as noted above. Entrees we had were redfish and fish of the day.I have been lucky enough to visit New Orleans frequently this past year and experience the cuisine which this city is famous for.  My new favorite is REBIRTH.  From the moment I entered the door this became a magical culinary experience.  The staff is by far the most welcoming and knowledgeable. They have a wonderful selections of wines and the menu is one of the finest. Each bite is a culinary treat!The fried oyster and pasta appetizer is a wonderful mixture of flavors.  I could easily have had 2 servings! The Gulf Seafood Al Ajillo had an excellent mixture of fish and the sauce was delicious., great for bread dipping. The staff was friendly and nice. The owners Chef Nick  and Manny were very friendly and upbeat.My boyfriend and I have a running list of places we want to eat in Nola. We came here during my boyfriend's birth month and was not disappointed. We love a good steak and know what we like when it comes to fine dining. We found parking quite easily during both of our trips. 
The service is amazing, everyone is very knowledgable and can answer any questions you have. To start, each person is served a piece of cornbread. I'm not big on cornbread but my boyfriend loved it (he practically inhaled it) and was more than happy to eat my piece. 
We both had the crawfish bisque, it was creamy, full of crawfish, and tasted like magic. Our only complaint was that a cup was so small. 
Next we had the Mississippi style barbecue pork belly, we were not disappointed. It was moist, tender, and tasted like everything you ever wanted BBQ to be. 
For the main course, I had the 8 oz filet (medium) and the birthday boy had the 16 oz ribeye (medium rare). Both were cooked to perfection and tasted good. They weren't our favorite steaks in Nola but not bad at all. 
It unfortunately will not be our go to steak place...With that being said, we came back 1 week later.... 
No matter what you do, no matter how full you are, no matter what the situation. ORDER THE CAFE AU LAIT CREME BRULEE. Don't question it, don't even think about, just do it. If you don't, you will go home and think about what you missed. It is amazing. Truly one of the most delicious desserts on this earth. It is the perfect balance of sweet, coffee, and sophistication. It is such an amazing New Orleans twist to a classic dessert. It is served with beignet bites and chocolate covered coffee beans. Each part comes together so beautifully to make this dessert amazing. Simply take a bite of the creme brulee with a piece of beignet and be ready to be amazed. The flavors dance together so decadently that you'll wonder why you've never had it before.
Bottom line: Come here even if you just sit at the bar and order the cafe au lait creme brulee.Excellent choice for a quaint little romantic dinner! Small and intimate and great staff! Good foodThis place is amazing!! My husband and I stopped in for appetizers. We ordered the BBQ porkbelly, shrimp rolled with eggplant and bread pudding for dessert.  I cannot wait to come back to try more menu items!!A MUST try!!! Everything was amazing!! 
We had the pork belly and it was paired with greens, it went great together so the pork didn't taste salty. Also tried the oyster salad, it was good just wish they had more then 4 fried oysters on there. For entrees we shared the blackened scallops and double cooked pork chops, both were so flavorful and had so many things on the plate that tasted great! I can't wait to come back! YouWe loved this place. It was within walking distance of where we were staying. I had the rib eye steak with pan seared sea scallops ( which were to die for?) And my husband had the pork chops. The good was delicious, the wait staff prompt and efficient and didn't give me a "look" when I asked about the food because of allergies. It's only been opened 8 months and should become a success!The most amazing food ever!  I've traveled the world and this place is the best food I've ever tasted!  Over the top flavor, tastebud heaven!I would give this place 6 stars but unfortunately they limit us to 5. GREAT food with 6 star service. Definitely a must try.There are few times I feel compelled to write reviews, and especially living here in NO where we expect great food.  But our dining experience & food tonight was excellent!!  Beyond anything I expected!  My husband & I shared the gumbo & a salad.  Both which were excellent and the flavors were perfect.  Not too much... not too little!!  Then came dinner. The porkchop is enough to share and absolutely delicious!!  The green beans that came with it were fresh and very tender!  I brought half of the meal home with me!   
My Pimm's cup was excellent as was the mojito.   
The cornbread they start you out with is made from scratch, but a little too sweet for my taste.  But very good!!  
We got a side of collards with hominy.  Excellent... but on the sweeter side there too!   I prefer mine more spicy/vinegar.
Our waiter was superb!!  Knew his menu and very nice, friendly and kept the water glasses filled!   The manager came over to the table a couple of times to make sure everything tasted good. He was very friendly and that adds such a nice touch.  
We will definitely return!!  Without a doubt one of THE BEST restaurants in the city!!  Sorry we waited so long to try!!!Great food. Service was fantastic. Got the fish of the day, soup of the day and an 8oz filet. Steak was cooked perfect and I'm pretty picky. Would highly recommend.Day 1 of our Restaurant Rebirth inspired NOLA trip and within 90 minutes of the wheels touching down, our seats were parked at our original table at Restaurant Rebirth.  Our waiter for the eve was Nick and Jimmy was the manager for the evening and they treated us like royalty - absolutely great service in spite of the restaurant being packed.  Hubby reunited himself with their world famous pork belly.  Once again, silence was upon the table while he went to that private place with the pork belly.  Conversation eventually returned when he realized I was about to steal another portion of the delicious collards that accompanies the PB.  Entrees for the evening included the blackened scallops, cooked to perfection and included something I never had but was wonderful...fried fennel pickles (tasted like a cross between jicama and Granny Smith apples).  Hubby had the Gulf Seafood Al Ajillo; comforting flavors with heat that creeps upon you, so proceed with caution (meaning do not add any hot sauce).  Finished the experience with the best bread pudding ever.  Perfect texture on the inside, light crunch on top and the right balance of sweetness.  Restaurant Rebirth rocks!!!  Day 2 of the Restaurant Rebirth Retreat was nothing short of awesome.  Our server John took great care of us, greeted us with champagne and served us up well.  Hubby had the gumbo - authentic, slow-cooked flavors served piping hot; and of course the pork belly with the collards.  I had the Fresh Out of the Garden salad - light and refreshing.  I also had the Shrimp & Eggplant (minced shrimp, scallions and other seasoning formed into a delicious ball, wrapped in eggplant, lightly coated and fried).  Was a an appetizer but large enough to be an entree.  They were lightweight, but quite filling - that is what happens when using quality ingredients to do it up right.  Day 3, in the very capable hands of our waiter Zach, we tried three new things - Oysters & Angel Hair, Seafood Chowder and Chicken Rochambeau.  Hubby added French bread to go with the chowder, what an awesome pairing - total comfort food.  Oysters had a nice light coating, light enough for a good flash fry but did not overpower the fresh natural flavor of the oysters.  The pasta was cooked to perfection and had a light creamy sauce.  I had the Fresh salad (again - yay!!).  Remembering the highly recommended Chicken Rochambeau, I finally went for it, and OMG!!  Normally it is hubby who goes to that special place when he stumbles upon culinary greatness.  Well this dish took me there.  The breast was pan roasted, skin slightly crisped, topped with a creamy tangy sauce.; set atop a confit leg quarter; set atop a bunch of other stuff that I could not see because at that point I was blinded by love (for this masterpiece).  The flavors in my mouth were having one awesome party.  I think I went almost 5 minutes without even talking to Hubby - there were a few inaudible sounds, but that was my palate dancing the "Rochambeau".  Co-owner Manny gave us the history of this dish...a modern twist of a recipe from the 1800s...who does that??...Well RR does and RR did!!!  We took the long way back to the hotel and ran into a guy from Utah who also had just left RR, we all spoke so highly of the food, the staff and all RR stands for, it resulted in us starting a an club.  We are now the "Rebirthers"!!  Mr. Utah had already called his wife to tell her the two of them have to make a trip to NOLA together to dine at Restaurant Rebirth.  Thanks to the entire Restaurant Rebirth team, we look forward to our next visit, but in the meantime, we will cherish the three days we spent with you, your attentive service and your culinary excellence!!The food here is absolutely amazing! Every single person in our group ordered a different plate, and they were all incredible. The place is a little on the small side, so if you have a large group, you should definitely make a reservation. If you are looking for some great food and impressive service, make sure you put this place on your to-do list.From start to finish, my taste buds were engaged and delighted. Every dish was unbelievable. So glad we stumbled upon this place. Will come here every time we're in NOLA. Best place in town. Staff is great. Food is even better. Just amazing. Apps, dinner and dessert.This was a good find thanks to YELP. Came here on a Thursday night for dinner. We didn't make a reservation but we did call to ask what the wait would be. They said they could seat us soon so we headed over. Our hotel was about a 7 minute walk away so that wasn't bad. We got there a little after 6:30 and the restaurant was fairly empty except for a few tables and the bar area. They asked if we had a reservation, to which we said no, so they offered us a seat at the bar. We took it since that was our only option. It was not a disappointment. We ordered the fried oyster with angel hair, garden salad, gumbo, and a split blacken scallop. This was probaby one of the best meals we had in a while. The complementary cornbread is lovely as well. I would have been happy just eating a whole plate of that. Dessert was also on the brain, even though I was full, so we decided to take it to go. Debated between the white chocolate bread pudding or creme brulee, but since they couldn't do a creme brulee to go the obvious choice was the bread pudding. That too was lovely. Again probably one of the better meals we have had in a while. 
Slightly spendy dinner for 2 but food was wonderful and so was the service.Fantastic experience. Used Yelp and looked at reviews and it was great. Did not have reservations so sat at bar and enjoyed meal and dessert. Only seats about 40-50 in small facility. Very nice. Chef was great since we could watch from the bar. Excellent service and food. My 1st yelp review cause I would recommend it! And will come back if my travels bring me to New Orleans.This place is awesome.  The outside of the building (the whole block really), appear to be a little rough, but the food is amazing.  Farm to table fresh food - we sat at the bar and it provided a great opportunity to see the staff in action. I was amazed with the teamwork and rhythm the staff had in their service- right down to the care they took to dry wine glasses and looking at them in the light to ensure there were no marks on them.  Our bartender (with an adorable handlebar mustache) took our complicated order (my guest has many food allergies) and it all came out spot on.  I had the fried oyster Cesar salad and the duck entree - both of which I highly recommend. I will definitely be back - everything about our visit was a great experience.Amazing food and service! Fish of the day was Cobia. Hubby had blackened scallops and we both loved our meals. Creme Brûlée amazing!So, let me start out by saying that this is my first review, but this place deserves it. Nestled in the warehouse district, in a building dating back to 1860s, if only the walls could talk.  
The overall atmosphere is small and intimate, giving you the feeling of being at your local tavern. The staff is very nice and accommodating. Sit at the bar and let Mr. Leonard make you a drink or a mocktail "preggo" like he did for the pregnant wife. Great guy and great conversation. 
The appetizer I had was a braised porkbelly with collard greens, which are some the best I have every eaten and that's a lot, since I grew up on them. Split the main dish with the wife, fish of the day (snapper) with homemade gnocchi. Cooked perfectly and portion size was great for splitting.  The bread pudding  tops off the experience with a smile and a full belly.  Great time, great people and great food.We came to Rebirth because it was the highest rated Creole place on Yelp... but we found it didn't hold a candle to Cochon, where we had gone the day before. Our starters (chicken gumbo and garden salad) were better than our cocktails (Sazerac and a Dark & Stormy Mule) which were better than our mains (Gulf Seafood and Blackened Scallops). The three star review reflects our heightened expectations and the price. Not bad food, but not great by any means. Our waiter Colin was very good.I took my in-laws here on a Saturday night, which was risky because it is so new, but it turned out to be a great decision. The servers were attentive and friendly without smothering us, and we sat at the table nearest the kitchen so we could see the chefs working -- their focus and efficiency was very impressive. 
My only complaint (and the reason for 4 rather than 5 stars) was the lack of vegetarian food on the menu. The only veg friendly option was a salad, which I ordered (and enjoyed) as an appetizer, but given that there were no entrees I could eat, I asked the server if the chef could make a vegetarian entree. She seemed a bit put off by the request, but she nonetheless agreed to ask the chef. I expected a simple vegetable pasta, as that is what I usually get when I ask for a vegetable dish at a exclusively carnivorous restaurant, so I was pleasantly surprised when she brought me a beautifully plated dish of roasted mushroom linguine served with braised collard greens with chickpeas and hominy. It was so creative and delicious, I dare say they should add it to the menu! 
Overall, my husband and in-laws were very happy with their meal and with the restaurant choice, so I'll consider it a success.The food was amazing! Had the quail appetizer, so good. For dinner had the filet it was a perfect med rare. Can't forget the cornbread that they give you.It was amazing! I went last night at about 9:30. The dinner crowd had passed, so there was no wait for a table. I ordered the fish of the day, which was redfish. It came with a mix of steamed vegetables. Both the fish and vegetables were cooked to perfection. The fish was crisp on the outside, and tender on the inside. My boyfriend got the filet, which he loved as well.Showed up here for dinner and there were an ample number of open tables but we were asked whether we had a reservation and if not, they were not seating any more people because they had "run out of food"!  Really bizarre.It was our first time in New Orleans and we were so happy with this spot. The bartender surprised me with a delicious cocktail, the complimentary seafood hushpuppies were a nice surprise and both meals were amazing. The pork chop was out of this world and the red snapper with kale was delightful. If you're looking for a fancier type of meal in New Orleans, this is an amazing destination.Our second visit to Restaurant Rebirth. In the Warehouse District. Lots of renovations going on. Small and quaint on the inside.  Friendly, attentive staff and manager.  We had the shrimp eggplant appetizer this time and it was delicious.  Everything on the menu is made fresh with some local ingredients.  I've had the blackened redfish both times. Really flavorful.  The mixed veggies are good, too. Probably pick the fried okra second on the sides list.  Definitely the BEST steak in NOLA. (Hubby always goes with what he knows!) In NOLA at least once a month. Usually always try something different. Exceptions are Rebirth and Irene's. Both worth second and third visits! Won't be disappointed.Outstanding, plain and simple.  During my stay in New Orleans I visited this place twice.  Will definitely come back next time in NOLABlackened red fish was done perfectly and not overly spicy at all.$26.00
Probably one of the best salads I've ever had! Gesepe told me to get the grilled shrimp with it and it was an excellent suggestion, candied walnuts with cherry tomatoes and the sweetest miniature cucumbers you thought they were tiny watermelons. $11/7.
Had to try the gumbo and fantastic! Not overpowering with any particular ingredient, nice mix of sausages and shrimp. $7
It only has about a dozen tables so if you're coming in during a big convention I would make a reservation.Wonderful dinner, we ate with a big group and everyone's dishes were presented beautifully. The gnocchi side was delicious and you can't go wrong with any of the entrees. Highly recommended for a nice dinner, drink at the bar or romantic date night. Staff is very friendly and professional.Truly outstanding. Pork belly was perfect, scallops were treated with great respect and became an amazing reality.Sumptuous. 
Please please try the pork bellies. OMG. Gustatory orgasm
If you are staying in the Quarter, the little trek to the warehouse district is more than worth it. Besides, the walk home will be good for you as this is not spa cuisine lol. 
Best dinner I had in NOLAAmazing food and service! Fish of the day was Cobia. Hubby had blackened scallops and we both loved our meals. Creme Brûlée amazing! 
Leaving New Orleans today. This was the best meal we had during our stay. NO has great food all over, but we voted this as the best!Restaurant Rebirth has given cause for Yelp to add a sixth star.  I've had a lot of meals in my lifetime, the Rebirth experience is definitely in my top five culinary experiences.  I am not alone on this; six in our party - six super satisfied foodies!!  After a great intro about the restaurant and their culinary values, we were served cornbread that looked standard but was everything but.  It was moist, but light with a great balance of honey and pure cane sugar.  Very smooth.  Then it was show time.  This time I am starting with my hubby's food.  He started with the pork belly appetizer, it came with greens and a small side of fried okra.  I don't even like pork belly, but it looked so darn good, I could not resist trying it.  Mr. Hubby sliced a small portion of the PB, scooped up a few strands of the greens, fed me a fork full of deliciousness and suddenly my taste buds were dancing down the soul train line.  Then I realized, though hubby is romantic, the feeding me thing was not about our love, it was about his love for this pork belly and greens...his gracious way of saying enjoy your one bite - the rest is too good to share.  No problem, I ordered a side of the greens as a side to accompany our entrees.  I had an amazing salad as my appetizer called "Just Picked".  Perfect name for this salad because everything was so fresh, it tasted like the chef went out to their garden, picked cleaned and prettied the ingredients into a beautiful, refreshing salad.  Even the edible flower was awesome.  Experienced a new something...yellow watermelon (quite delish).  The dressing had a robust flavor as such a little went a long way.  Now the entrees...my hubby ordered the duck, which came with bamboo rice (from Thailand...who does that...well Restaurant Rebirth does and they do it quite well).  The rice mixture had currants and black eye peas, talk about a melting pot of culinary cultures...and they all got along VERY well.  The duck was cooked to perfection at medium temp.  It disappeared from his plate almost as quickly as the pork belly; once again almost no sign of there ever being food on his plate.  I am not big on steak, but I thought I would try something new since this place obviously does not believe in disappointment.  I ordered a 14oz ribeye and greens and fingerling potatoes for sides.  The ribeye arrived at the table sizzling hot on a cast iron plate - we could hear and see the steak sizzling as it continued to crust up and lock in the flavor.  The first bite was heavenly; moist, tender and bursting with flavor.  The greens were just as good as when hubby shared some with me from his appetizer.  The fingerling potatoes were awesome, they were prepared with a lot of love - the onions were so sweet they almost tasted like a rice noodle.  The sweet onions and rustic seasoning - delish!!  Though our waist lines had just about reached capacity, we could not leave without at least tasting a dessert.  We shared the white chocolate bread pudding.  Usually white chocolate is too sweet and the fact that it came with caramel sauce, we were a bit skeptical, so we got the sauce on the side.  What were thinking, why did we even think about doubting their their ability to control the sweetness of this combo.  We only drizzled a tiny bit of the caramel on a corner of the pudding, tasted it; and what happened next...we poured the sauce all over the bread pudding goodness.  The texture of the pudding was not heavy like most other puddings, it was like a custardized baked bread"...I don't think custardized is a word, so for the sake of making sure no one leaves NOLA without trying this dessert - I'm calling it "custardized".  We reached our maximum intake prior to finishing the pudding, but it was with that last bite that hubby and I called..."This was the best meal ever!!!"  So, in the beginning I said there were six in our party, well it did not start that way.  Once we got though the appetizers and realized we had stumbled upon a culinary gold mine, we called some other family members also in NOLA for the weekend and told them to drop their plans and head over to Restaurant Rebirth.  Well, they did and were able to sit at the table next to us.  Their experience was just as delightful as ours, the comments from their table were over-the-moon awesome.  The next evening, the six of us had plans for another restaurant, two of my family members said they were burned out would stay in for the evening.  The truth: they ditched us and returned to Restaurant Rebirth.  Well how did we find out, because we made it to another restaurant (Emeril's New Orleans) but half way through the meal was reached the point of total disappointment with both the service and the food.  So, what did we do - with 44 minutes until closing time at Restaurant Rebirth, we high tailed it back to Restaurant Rebirth.  DO NOT MISS A RESTAURANT REBIRTH EXPERIENCE.  Thanks Martin (our waiter) and Manny (co-owner).Next trip to Restaurant Rebirth is coming up and we are totally excited...how excited, we will practically move in to Restaurant Rebirth because we will dine there three times during our stay.  It is a bit risky to Yelp five stars in advance of even arriving in the "70130", but we are 100% confident that we will be 100% satisfied!!!  Be back with the "satisfaction guaranteed" update really soon.The scallop dish was AMAZING! The scallops were sweet, slightly charcoaled and well seasoned. The size was perfect and made me had a delightful food coma! 
The Coffee crème brûlée was okay, the custard was runny and the caramelized sugar layer was a bit too thick.
The restaurant team was very efficient and helpful, even at the busiest hour. We will definitely revisit here if we come back to NOLA!Amazing food, welcoming service, and casual atmosphere.   Seafood was fantastic and pork belly appetizer was reason enough for the visit.Fantastic dinner tonight.  We were sopping wet from a major shower with a thunderstorm and caught in between bars. Luckily we had reservations here for dinner. Ordered vodka martinis to start - great quality and taste. As starters had the special soup- cream of oyster and artichoke, and the fried oysters with angel hair absolutely wonderful if not a bit rich for an appetizer.  For main course had the gulf seafood ajillo and the blackened redfish - perfectly cooked- and an order of greens with hominy. Everything was fantastic. The server was excellent. One of the partners, manny, came over to check on us.  All in all a great experience. Too bad we are only here for a long weekend.Absolutely fantastic restaurant.  Probably the best I've eaten at in three trips to New Orleans.  Was there a week ago for jazz fest.  We had a four top.  Amazing service. Great beers and wines, food was incredible.  Our table of four had red fish, a filet mignon, the seafood chowder, and other seafood items and desserts.  Five stars.  Watch the door coming into the restaurant.  Very low because of historic preservation reasons.  The only thing I'd even mention about it.  Make reservations weeks ahead.  A+First experience for me at a restaurant like this. This place was amazing, from customer service to food. At first, I barely even understood the menu. We started with the shrimp and eggplant appetizer which I do not even eat eggplant. My oh my, just delicious. I decided to get the filet mignon topped with grilled shrimp as my entree. Just simply amazing, so tasteful. Everything had flavor that is unforgettable. Highly recommend especially coming from out of town. Thank you restaurant Rebirth!!I have eaten at a lot of great restaurants and sampled wonderful food from around the world many times over.
The chef and staff at Restaurant Rebirth take food to yet another level that I didn't know existed.  
LIFE CHANGING!
Thank you for the glorious experience.My 2nd visit with a group and it didn't disappoint. Had the pork belly and stuff egg plant shrimp for appetizers. The greens are the best. Gruber was great and filet. Gumbo also very good. 6 drinks, a bottle wine and meal for 5 was $525. Not overpriced for quality or quantity.Our only miss on a recent vacation with a ton of great food.  The food was OK, but nothing special.   The service was adequate but lacked warmth and our red wine tasted like it came from a 85 degree room.   Nothing to write home about and I would suggest skipping it with all of the other amazing options one has in NOLA.Traveling almost every week I eat out a lot and very rarely find a restaurant that blows me away but this place was exceptional. Being by myself, I sat at the bar and started with the gumbo which was extraordinary and finished with the gulf seafood which was even better. Great wines by the glass and friendly staff made this my restaurant find of 2016....so far that is!Awesome.  Not even the obnoxious table of 6 sitting next to us (yes, you know who you are, because you made sure everyone in the restaurant heard everything you had to say) could ruin this meal.
A really cool, small space.  My wife and I were in town for a long weekend, and I read the reviews and had to try this place. Had the gumbo for appetizer (Ive had a lot, and this is near the top),  We had the wag you strip ( a special) and the double-cut pork chop, which is huge.  Had the chocolate dessert.  Everything -- entrees, sides, the amazing cornbread -- were spot on.   Strong drinks, and a small but thoughtful wine list.
Service was measured and unobtrusive.  Everyone was very nice.
If you have not been here, run, don't walk to get there!Wow! From the moment we stepped foot into the restaurant, to the moment we walked out the door, the experience here was phenomenal! We were celebrating my mother's retirement and I was in charge of picking the restaurant. After searching and searching, I stumbled upon this restaurant and I was attracted to it based off of it's positive Yelp reviews. Being in the customer service industry for many years, customer service was at the top of my list with the quality of food being right after. 
First, the hostess, I think her name was Katherine? was very pleasant and accommodating, even though she told me it would be a very busy night, she managed to squeeze us in. 
Our server Justin was very professional, funny and made sure our celebratory dinner for my mom was perfect. The pork belly, gumbo, 8 oz filet mignon, pork chop and the scallops were all exceptionally delicious! My family and I were so happy that this was our last meal together/final impression of New Orleans! 
We also met one of the partners, Manny who also took very good care of us! Thank you!
Overall, we are very happy that we came here and we will definitely be back!Try the gumbo, yo. The server said the chef has been perfecting his recipe for around 20 years. They also do a great job of keeping your food hot as they serve it!The Fish of the Day was Snapper and it was delightful!! The scallops were amazing and the atmosphere was so perfect.Stop searching Yelp, put away your phone, cause this is by far the best restaurant in Nola. You need a reservation as its a small place, seats 56 per the bartender. If you walk on you might be able to grab a seat at the bar for your meal. The food is so killer good that you won't care where you sit. 
Start with the pork belly. DO IT! Simply the best thing I've ever eaten, and I'm a Culinary Institute of America grad. I never cooked anything that was this good. It's a huge potion so if your a light eater stop there. If not consider the duck, which was a great combination of flavors or the scallops, which were cooked to perfection and combined with delicious fingerling potatoes. But get desert, and when you do...I loved the bread pudding. 
Service is paced to relaxed so don't expect to rush in and out. And trust me you'll want to savor the food and the experience!We had an outstanding dinner at Rebirth. I really enjoyed my Red Snapper special. It was perfectly prepared and delicious. Our outstanding server, Mary was friendly and fast. She was knowledgeable about the menu and made excellent suggestions.  Rebirth also has a full bar and impressive wine list.  Their gumbo is also excellent. Highly recommend.Came down to NOLA for jazz fest.  Had lunch at Cafe Amelie one day, Cochon another day and ate at various other notable establishments, but nothing came close to Rebirth.  
We actually ended up eating here two out of the 4 nights we were there.  The service was unbeatable.  Our server, John, was friendly, knowlegable and very accomodating.  
The first night we had the oysters over the angel hair pasta with bottarga.  I will never forget that dish.  The oysters were fried to perfection, the creaminess of the sauce, the al dente pasta and the umami of the bottarga made for a perfectly balanced bite.
We also tried the pork belly and steak tar tar.
This place was the highlight of our trip.The food was better than expected!  It's a small restaurant with a good atmosphere but the service and food were outstanding.  The Mississippi BBQ pork belly is the best we've ever had.  The beans in bacon was equally enjoyable and steaks cooked perfectly!  No room for dessert unfortunately.  
Always trust yelp!We found this place on a break form a conference. They were kind and friendly and the food was AMAZING!!! everything we ate was tasty and beautiful. The waitor was a doll. Loved it.It is amazing that every meal we have in New Orleans is better than the last!  This one will be hard to beat.  As you walk down the warehouse district street leading to this restaurant you ask yourself if the Yelp reviews might have sent you to the wrong place.  As soon as you are greeted at the door all concerns vanish.  We were seated at the table closest to the kitchen, which we were a little concerned about initially; however, watching the chef and his staff prepare the meals was an added bonus.
We started with the soup of the day, shrimp and lobster, WOW.  We had the last two bowls, remember we are seated close to the kitchen, and we felt very fortunate.  Of course the next soup was an oyster and ??? which also sounded great.  I had the blackened scallops which were outstanding and accented beautifully by the sauce and fingerling potatoes.  My wife had the fish of the day, red grouper,  that was cooked to perfection.  
We couldn't pass up the desserts, both the creme brulee and the chocolate marquis were decadent!
All of the staff were friendly and helpful.
Make sure to get a reservation, easy with open table.I feel this place was over-hyped and overpriced. The pictures looked amazing on Yelp, but they ain't so in reality. I came here with a friend on a Friday night and sat at the bar. The bar tender was not on point tonight. She took my friend's drink order but didn't bother to ask me what I would like; I had to call her back as she was walking away. The mojito was way too sweet for me, but I understand it was the Southern style. I asked for some lime wedges and she brought them out on a wet napkin. The seafood al ajillo was so underwhelming. The size was really small and the herb mixture sprinkled on top of the dish was not flavorful. They may want to consider adding just a tad of rosemary and see how the dish can be enlivened. The garden salad looks standard: the purple raddish shaving you see in the picture was replaced instead with your everyday red raddish. I would not recommend this place to my friends.Went for anniversary diner and this place did not disappoint!! Grilled Romain salad with fried oysters, very good!! The pork chop was stellar!!! Best meal I can remember!!!Um. Everything everyone else said. It's legit, it's write home about, it's fly here from far away places just for dinner. And as everyone said... Start with the pork belly. But if everything else on the menu is half as good as what I had, you won't be disappointed with anything. Come with people that are food sharers so you can try a bite of more things. Prepare to have little to say, your eyes rolling in the back of your head will say enough. Bring a wheelbarrow for departure. I almost ordered a second pork belly for dessert and decided on the creme brûlée instead. I'll be back. Maybe tomorrow.This may be my new favorite restaurant (definitely is in New Orleans)....
First night, I took 16 clients which they accommodated with 1 table in spite of their quaint space. To start, we ordered the Oysters & Angel hair, Shrimp & eggplant and the best app I've had in a very long time... the Pork Belly (HOLY COW... A MUST TRY!!!!!). All were very good.
Dinner was incredible; I had the soft shell crab, other fantastic plates were.... the Pork Chop, both style steaks (popping in butter & garlic on a super hot skillet... order less done than normal) and the fish of the day. Honestly we covered the entire menu and it was all great! 
The first night was so good, I brought 12 more clients out the next night. The only thing different was the scallops (which were sold out the first night)... awesome!!!
The only gripe would be the beer selection but they had good liquor and wine so it's a small gripe. 
If you have a spare might in New Orleans.... Go Here without hesitation!! You'll love it, I promise
**I wish I had more photos but I was too busy eating :)My husband and I had an amazing dining experience here. The food is outstanding--truly one of the best steaks I've had. The pork belly appetizer is excellent as well. Beyond the food, the service is superb. An attentive server, a manager who checks on the tables, and a team who expedites the food with a well-timed and coordinated presentation.  A lovely evening!Great start; OK finish. The appetizers were superb - out of this world. We could have just keep eating the gumbo and joked about coming back to order double helpings the next day. Salad, and shrimp & eggplant app were both excellent. Our main courses were good but definitely not on the same level as the apps in regards to flavor. One of our mains (a dish similar to cioppino or bouillabaise) was very spicy but not much else going on, just heat. The other, a fish served on the "half shell" (skin down, with scales) was good but a bit underwhelming. The gnocchi side dish was fantastic, green beans with bacon ok. Service was top notch. Cute, cosy space, feels like a small family restaurant (not a hipster joint).EVERYTHING IS AWESOME! This place was fantastic from beginning to end.
Let me start by saying how nice and intimate this restaurant is.   Decor and ambiance alone merit a star. 
Our server was attentive and helpful.   He was very knowledgeable about the dishes, and even made me interested in dishes I had previously not considered.   
We started with the foie gras boudin stuffed quail, which was stellar.   I love boudin and foie gras, and together they make magic in your mouth.   Quail was also great ;)
My husband had their Ribeye with crabmeat and per our server's recommendation, I had the redfish with crab topping.  Both of our meats were cooked perfectly and simply.   I think the Ribeye could stand alone without the toppings, but I would recommend the crab for the Redfish.  Realistically,  they should just have it come with it. 
For our sides  we had the mushroom gnocchi and the lobster and tasso maque  choux.  Both were incredible.   I'm not a huge mushroom fan, and I still thought it was good. It is very heavy on mushrooms, so if you are like me and aren't big mushroom eaters, then skip it. 
For dessert...on my goodness.  Coffee flavored creme brulee, topped with beignets.  HEAVENLY.  They had a white chocolate bread pudding that I would have loved to try, but I was in love with my dessert. 
Such a great experience!   Be sure to eat here!After reading some reviews, we settled on this place last minute. Absolutely no regrets! Service was spectacular and the food was on par if not even better. The pork belly, cornbread, greens, fried okra, seafood chowder, blackened scallops and filet were savory, likely the best meal I have had in New Orleans and that says a lot. Quaint, comfortable atmosphere.  We will definitely be coming back.Had a great time! I had the quail as an appetizer, which was great, A Lil fatty but still awesome! Then for my entree had the duck bamboo which was thebomb.com! If your in Nola definitely check this place out ! It was expensive but worth every penny. The only down was it was kinda in the middle of nowhere.It is restaurants like this that makes New Orleans great.  This is a small place that has a limited menu, but every one of the dishes we have tried was excellent.  Really...  remarkably good food.
You HAVE to try the Shrimp Eggplant appetizer.   It is shrimp, wrapped in shrimp and trinity, wrapped in eggplant, accented with pork belly that was smoked 10 hours.   Unique and delicious.
The double cut pork chop was perfectly cooked and served on green beans smothered in the smoked pork belly.   Over the top.
The meal begins with a slice of corn bread that some of out table saved for desert....sooo good.
What this place does, it does well.
Good food, nice ambiance, excellent service.FIRST the good news: everyone in our party of 8 liked their food, mind you, there was nothing raved about. I can't speak to each of their dishes, but I'll speak to mine: the duck bamboo was okay. It's unfortunate that the description in terms of expected tastes and flavors in the menu and confirmed by my waiter just didn't match with the actual dish. Overall bland, unseasoned, dry - and I've never experienced this with duck: veiny. Yes, that's the good news.
SECOND, the bad news: be prepared to wait for your main course. Drinks and salad came out quickly. However, the main course showed up some 50-60 minutes after our soups and salads.
THIRD, the worse news: when I asked the waiter about where our food was he said it was being plated right now. Cut to 5 minutes later when I asked, where's our food and he responded it's coming out right now. Cut to 5 minutes later, alas our main course arrives. (If you were searching for a "Sorry for the delay" from the waiter, well perhaps that's being plated "right now" if you know what I mean. No apology)
FOURTH, the worst news: the manager did come over to apologize and when I asked why the food took so long he ran off a list of excuses: our large party (of 8); dishes prepared individually (yeah, that sounds like fine dining, yes, go on); "well I don't mean to throw someone under the bus but 'his' pork chop takes time" to which I replied - "Then you shouldn't have" (thrown him under the bus - if you really didn't mean to)
FINALLY, the manager/waiter did save the evening somewhat by comping us an assortment of very flavorful desserts: bread pudding; chocolate torte; creme brulee. These were all delicious. For me, the place just didn't leave a good taste in my mouth - and I was the one who put myself out there by suggesting this place to the 7 others in our party.I was quite intrigued by this restaurant based upon the 5 star reviews and proximity to my hotel.  However, for a $100+ check for one person, this restaurant left me pondering my choice.  I rarely write reviews, but I felt that others might do themselves a favor to read this and skip this restaurant.  So many choices in New Orleans and I wasted one of my dinners on this disappointing and extremely overpriced option.  The theme seemed to be "sizzling" dishes served at the table.  If the food were worth the resultant grease splatter that landed on my shirt from the ribeye steak I was served while sizzling on the plate, I wouldn't complain.  However, $62 spent after the traditional Oscar preparation sans asparagus, was not worth the price paid for the lackluster flavor and overcooked temperature.  The temperature likely went over due to the sizzling skillet on which the steak was presented.  The lump crab meat add on was more like crab shavings or flakes than lump meat.  The service was ok.  Not fantastic as noted by other reviews. I kept being asked if I was enjoying the meal.  It was almost like they needed the praise or reinforcement.  They asked so many times, I lost count after 4.  That is not service.  That is annoying.  I look forward to my next visit to NOLA so I can wash the bad taste out of my mouth with Delmonico.Fantastic new restaurant in the WHD.  Service was excellent.  We had shrimp appetizer, gumbo and pork chop and all were fantastic.  The owner was very personable and has an inspiring story.  We will be back.Great food.  In a city known for amazing food, this restaurant is one of the best.  Must try the pork belly appetizer.  Make a reservation if planning to go.Rebirth was recommended to me by some friends who had eaten there the previous night. I had never heard of the place, but believe you me, I will remember it in the future. Very eclectic, locally obtained foods. I am not a big fan of pork belly, but DO NOT miss the BBQ pork belly appetizer. I could have made that my meal. I will most definitely return here when I come back to New Orleans.So had dinner here one night. They make a vegetarian plate and I was pretty skeptical but it was good. Waiter was great. Went back a few nights later and they had an hour wait. So they sent us to their sister restaurant. I specifically asked if they had vegetarian food and she said "yes of course". Well went all the way there and unfortunately they did not. It looks like they were just desperate to send people over to the other restaurant because it was empty on a Friday night (and I can see why!). We could have saved our time and not gone on a wild goose chase. We ended up having to eat at nine pm uptown. So I'll give two stars, because I would have given five for my first experience, but zero for my second because they should know what is on Gallianos menu before sending us there.Out of so many outstanding choices in New Orleans, this establishment is my absolute favorite.  The gumbo alone was the best I ever had in my life, anywhere.  I ordered a Veal Chop that they had on special and it was perfect.  Others in my party had the pork chop and gulf seafood al ajillo which was also outstanding.  Drinks and service were on point as well.  Definitely a must visit in the Crescent City.My hubby and I had the concierge at our hotel make reservations for us at Rebirth. We were intrigued....mostly because we could walk there from our hotel in less than 5 minutes!! Boy, we were not disappointed!!! Every course was amazing!!! The service was over the top!!! We enjoyed every second of our experience at Restaurant Rebirth!! My favorites were the BBQ Pork Belly appetizer and the White Chocolate Bread Pudding....to die for!!! Highly recommend!!!!!So so good.  A mid sized restaurant that felt intimate and small.  Delicious food, attentive service.  Would absolutely go again, although probably not a great setting for a group larger than six or so.A must when in NOLA!  They came highly recommend by the Marriott across the street where we were staying. Great atmosphere, awesome staff and phenomenal food!!  Started off with the Pork Belly and filet tartare appetizers. Absolutely amazing!  For our main course I ventured out and had no regrets on ordering the bison ribeye. My wife stayed plain and ordered the Filet. I must say that both were extremely tasty!  Finished with the Cafe Au Lait creme brûlée. Again, A "must do" when in NOLA!!I tried the fish cake and there were un needed ingredients when I took a bite of it it fell apart chefs don't wear hairnets some of them were hats and one of them just wears a bandanna I tried there cornbread and it didn't have that tank it just tasted like bread I was disappointed in that takes a long time to get The tomahawk pork chop I have yet to taste it I finally could taste it it was the part I took a bite of one of them and got a mouth full of fat one of them I couldn't even biteWonderful. Colleague and I visited for dinner after conference. Mint juleps were high quality. The gumbo had depth. My friend enjoyed the quail appetizer. The server recommended pork. I had the pork chops, my friend the elk. Both were cooked perfectly. The service was very good, too. Very small spot, with even smaller bar, so arrive at reservation time, not much before. I would return.We had an amazing meal here last weekend. The pork chop and chicken dishes were standouts, the bernaise sauce was perfect, and the Bayou 75 cocktail was AMAZING. Excellent service as well. Great spot!Possibly the best meal I have ever had in my life. Found this place through yelp and a short walk. Everything including the service was incredible. We had the pork belly and quail for appetizers, the double tomahawk porkchop and the scallops for dinner and bread pudding for dessert. If you are in the area, you need to go here. The manager? I think came over to our table and asked how the meal was, being an avid food lover I was blown away by this place. Highly highly recommend it.The atmosphere is great BUT the food had enough salt on it to kill you.. salty bread.  Salty veggies.  Salty meat.  Yuck.  Not for me YMMV!We had Oysters & Angel hair, BBQ pork belly, quail la louisiane  and Gulf seafood. This is easily one of the  best meals I had in Nola.We ate in a few big name restaurants while in town. Rebirth was recommended and we tried it. By far the best meal we had in town. The pork belly and park chop were the best ever. Even the filet was outstanding. A real gem of a restaurant. I wish I lived in New Orleans to try other options on the menu.Great service, great food! Our first meal in New Orleans and it did not disappoint. Have the bread pudding, even if you don't normally like bread pudding, this one is one of a kind and amazing!Excellent food and great prices. A new favorite in the city!!! Get the scallops. They are to die for.Last meal in New Orleans and it was MAJOR. This rustic gem hidden in the Warehouse district is about 10 minutes from the French Quarters. 
Prims Cup - Started out with this classic cocktail.  Very refreshing. 
Double-Cut Tomahawk Pork Chop - Huge chop served with shallot rings, string beans with potatoes and a unbelievable sugar cane creole glaze.  This chop was grilled to perfection and seasoned perfectly. Medium on the inside.  I couldn't finish it but if i was local i would have taken half home for dinner the next day.  The string beans were delicious. 
Fried Okra - An extra side me and my friend shared served with Remoulade sauce. Salty goodness. Firm and crisp.  
Blackened Scallops - The bomb! Nothing else to say.  You will finish the whole plate. 
Cafe Au Lait Creme Brûlée - Sooo good. Smooth and creamy topped with a burnt topping and three small beignets. Consider it a dessert tribute to Cafe Dumonde.
It did take a little long after we got our bread and drinks to get our Entree's but other than that and the fact that they could add an extra Scallop with their meal this place is a must try.  The service was great and its a nice little spot for a date.  Give it a try.I don't think 5 stars is enough for this restaurant! Everything about this new joint was phenomenal! From the apps to the cocktails! Went here for a business dinner my fiancé was conducting. 
Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. We started off with the pork belly app which was cooked perfectly! Then we both ordered the steak filets. And wow! We were completely blown away at how amazing they tasted! Absolutely superb! I can't even put in to words how good it was. It was the best steak we've ever eaten! And my fiancé would agree 100% as we've eaten at some of the best steak houses around. Bravo to the chef and to the wait staff! Definitely have to try it! It will not disappoint.We went to Restaurant Rebirth on a Wednesday evening and the place was packed. Fortunately, we had a reservation and as soon as we checked in, we were seated promptly.  Service was fast and the staff was really nice. We tried the bbq pork belly and fillet mignon tartare for starters and we really enjoyed them. For entree, I got the duck bamboo. It was an interesting twist on roasted duck breast and I liked the candied yams that came with it. I will definitely come back here.Amazing!  Alone for trade show so just sat at bar.  The bartender Colleen was very nice and made great recommendations.  I had the blackened Redfish and a side of the gnocchi w/mushrooms.  Impossible to say which I liked more since both fantastic!!  The manager Charlie came over to check in and also an A+ character, just nice friendly people that work here with some of the best food I've had in this city.  I travel here twice a year for work for the past 12 years, been to all the big name places and wish I had been here sooner, if you're able to, get in here you won't regret it.  Sitting at the bar, I saw all the food coming out of kitchen, all looked phenomenal!I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a memorable dining experience. The food is absolutely fantastic. The chocolate marquise is a must try. I'm not a huge fan of chocolate desserts but I could've had two.The service is awesome and the owners are very one on one. The atmosphere is very inviting and personal. We had a great time and the food was delicious.I happened upon this place walking back to my hotel from the convention center, and ended up eating here 3 times in 5 days. 
The first night I had the grilled romaine with fried oysters. The preparation includes Parmesan Reggiano, artichokes, deep-fried capers and Caesar dressing. This  salad is out of this world. I finished with the gumbo - it was just perfect - deep, complex flavors.  I went back 2 nights later to have it again, and this time also had the pasta and oyster appetizer. Also delicious.
My third meal I had the Chicken with a side of sautéed greens. Impeccable. It looked like a lot of food but wasn't heavy at all. 
Each time I dined at the bar, a convivial spot. Leonard runs the bar with flair and aplomb. The rest of the wait staff, from the woman taking reservations to the owner, were unfailingly warm and pleasant. 
I can't say enough good things about this place. I just hope I can still get my seat at the bar when I'm next in town.Enjoyed a delicious meal here last evening. The table was set for two and quite generous with space as opposed to the usual cramped quarters often available at a small table. Our server John was excellent providing us with a friendly as well as humours account of the specials. The Sazerac was as expected and my wife's seafood soup was piping hot, delicious and served in a small cast iron pot to complement the presentation as well as maintain the heat. The oyster pasta and wagyu hanger steak were perfect. The steak dish was served over bone marrow and easily on par with dishes I have enjoyed at Michelin star restaurants. Kudos to the chef on nailing this dish. Compliments are extended to the entire staff for their outstanding service. The atmosphere is quaint although the restaurant is small. Reservations would be a good idea as the reputation builds. Prices are very reasonable in view of the quality. My preference is to try a restaurant several times before providing a final score. Regardless, this one is off to a great start and I eagerly look forward to my next visit.I've been to the restaurant twice and both times had a wonderful dinner.  Excellent service.  Grilled romaine with oysters was fantastic.  Oysters cooked perfectly.  The first time I had blackened scallops and the second time I had roasted duck.  The duck was delicious.   A great place to go.Easily the best place to eat in NOLA. It all starts with the wait staff, Joseppy was on the mark all night. Gave us good suggestions and let us have our dinner without having to be a part of it. The food is, well, second to none that I have had in the French Quarter. Sure you can go to the normal and get a good steak and possibly a good salad. If you want a dining experience, a break from the norm, this is the place. Rick the chef gave me a little insight to the culinary mastery and it's beautiful how they finish the plates. I had the double bone pork chop and my wife had the wagyu steak. Let me tell you, the parsley finish on the steak I have never seen, pulled it off like a champ. Best dinner we have ever had in NOLA. Well done Rebirth, well done.Restaurant Rebirth was a wonderful experience.  The waitstaff was excellent and the appetizers were great.  I'd suggest getting the chicken and andouille gumbo if they have it.  It's simply the best restaurant gumbo I've ever had.  The appetizers which consisted of oysters&angel hair and quail la louisiane were really good.  We had the blackened scallops, gulf seafood al ajillo, and duck bamboo.  The scallops was the best meal and I figure I should have gotten steak instead of the duck.  The gumbo and appetizers were the best part of the meal.  The entrees were good in their own way but left me wanting more.  Maybe next time I'll try the steak.Reaaaly amazing and delicious fooooods, u have to try Mississippi Stye Pork Belly as an appetizer. ..Amazing food and service! It's a small place, but the food was perfectly cooked and had a brilliant taste! We got the pork belly, filet mignon, and the duck breast! We didn't have reservations, but they had room at the bar and it was perfect timing because even those seats filled quickly!Fine dining and great portions! For an appetizer I highly recommend the oysters and angel hair. For an entree I recommend the blackened scallops.