I had a wonderful meal here one evening after my in-laws made reservations for four as a Christmas present.  It's a newer restaurant from John Folse, located in the Royal Sonesta Hotel, not far from Bourbon street.
The ambiance was lovely and inviting, with nice touches from unique light fixtures to a little "ottoman" for holding your purse.
The food was well thought out and delicious.  We started with a charcuterie board...it was just meat, no cheese.  There were all sorts of sliced meats, as well as terrine, pate and pickled veggies, with some mustard and other sauces on the side.  The meats were good; it was a nice start.  I then indulged in a half dozen of the oysters on the half shell R'evolution style.  They were so fresh and tasty.  Two of them had a tangerine salsa, another two had lime granita and the others were simply decorated with parsley or something.  They were all very tasty, especially the ones with lime granita.  No cocktail sauce is needed for these.
For my entree, I had the homemade ribbon pasta with crab and leeks.  It was so savory and the perfect meal for someone who doesn't want a heavy dish.  You can really tell a difference in fresh homemade pasta from the dried pasta...it's so delicious.  I ordered the gruyere potatoes au gratin as a side...yum!  Those were some tasty layered, cheesy potatoes.  My husband had the orange molasses duck with turnips and prunes.  It was different, but in a pleasant way.
For dessert, we had the coffee and beignets.  The coffee being, mocha pots de creme.  It was served with black fig jam, which I tried, but decided to ignore.  I liked the beignets simply with the pot de creme.
Service was attentive, when they were around, but it was a slower paced meal in general.  I look forward to (hopefully) getting to eat here for a special occasion next time I'm in New Orleans. :)  Even their bar menu sounds fantastic!One of the best restaurants I've been to ever and definitely the best fine dining in New Orleans. The food was absolutely fantastic and the ambience and decor was great. Would go back every time I was in New Orleans.My wife and I went here for Sunday brunch. I had the Eggs R'evolution and she had the Eggs with Beef Debris. The food was excellent, but the service was subpar. 
First, we were seated for around 10 minutes before our server arrived to take our drink orders, then the cocktails took a long time to arrive.  Second, the server forgot to put in our side order of grits. The second blow was, admittedly,  somewhat softened by the fact that they gave us free Lobster Gnocchi (which was delightful) as a side because of the wait and we were also given a delicious amuse bouche of Crab Beignets before anything else came out. There's still something about not getting a dish that you ordred that sticks in your craw though... We had the White Chocolate Bread Pudding for dessert and it was fantastic.
On a side note, make sure you do the math before you order from the Prix Fixe menu. On the date that we were there, the dishes added up to around $12 LESS if you ordered them à la carte. We couldn't make sense of that one and it felt a bit like a scam for the unwary...
Finally, the ambience was a little too Commander's Palace-y for us (with the name of the restaurant, we expecting something more modern), but we agreed we'd both look past all the flaws and go back again because the food was so delicious.I'm fortunate to have had a lot of excellent dining experiences in New Orleans. Restaurant Revolution is head and shoulders above its lofty peers. Room is lovely, service is perfect  - attentive and relaxed at the same time. Everyone from Maitre De to busboy made me feel welcome (that meant more than usual to me as I was dining alone). And the food!  Best foie gras I've had in the United States - hands down, no contest. A perfect brûlée crust on the outside with a touch of sea salt, melting on the inside, all on a bed of thinly sliced peaches. The shrimp and grits were inspiring. 4 enormous crispy shrimp atop mascarpone grits with a generous splash of creole sabayon on the side. The 3 element came together sensationally. Really a superlative meal.My boyfriend and I were celebrating our one year anniversary together and picked here last night. My first time eating there but not his. Everything went great from Valet, hostess, management to my favorite waitstaff Scott, Isaac, and Deshawn. They made the night memorable with their excellent service, professionalism, and knowledge of food and drinks. We had several appetizers including bone marrow yum to short rib and scallops with Foie Gras delicious thank you u highly recommend this place love the atmosphere as well!Quiet though almost directly on Bourbon Street. Good food but does not exceed expectations that are driven high by the prices. They put on a bit of a show with food and service, but it is all a bit artificial and clumsy. We were ok with the place but would try a different one next time. The white (Sauvignon blanc Cliff Lede from CA), $65, came warm, but when they got it chilled it was a dream!Trip #2 in 2 days. Sat at the bar (the bartender was awesome) and had turtle soup, cheese and pate. Everything was awesome!This place is faaaannncy... and in a very good way... where they make you feel like you are super special just because you are dining here.
We were very lucky to stumble into R'evolution at 10:30 pm on a Friday night while we were walking around looking for some late night food, preferably involving foie gras (since we were in town only for the weekend and foie is mercilessly illegal in California).  They were seating until 11:00 pm and happy to take us.
The place is beautiful... with an old school charm.. you definitely want to dress up a bit if coming here.
We let them know that we'd just be having some appetizers, and they did not treat us any less for it, sending out a complimentary drink as well as a starter.
We each had the seared foie gras and split oysters (both cold and fire roasted)... everything was AMAZING although there was a bit too much fruit for the amount of foie gras that was served, but that's probably to make the dish look larger considering you are paying $36 for it.  Totally worth it.
For the kicker.. they send out complimentary desserts to each table that comes in a mini chest of drawers that looks like a jewelry box.  We saw the boxes on everyone's tables but didn't know what they were, or we wouldn't have ordered dessert also (we had the ice cream, which I ordered mostly as a palette cleanser).
R'evolution was absolutely perfect and exactly what we were looking for...I feel fortunate to have had the opportunity to eat there, and hope to be back for a full meal )(and some more special treatment) at some point.Great atmosphere. Great service.  Great food.  The death by gumbo is amazing.  Highly recommend!One of the very best dinners that I have ever had. Really, it could not have been any better. I started with the turtle soup, then crab beignets, then seared redfish. Perfect. And with three people waiting our table, a wine list with hundreds of bottles, and a magical jewel box ending....it was an exquisite experience. I wish I could give more than 5 stars. (and, btw, my husband also has turtle soup & scallop entree, we each had a cocktail, glass of wine, and espresso.... the bill was an even $200.....worth every penny! a real bargain for what we had)Restaurant R'evolution..."Spectacular evening! "
We were here a few nights ago March 26 for my birthday! What can we say but nothing short of spectacular! From the food to the service we could not say enough good things about this evening! We were lucky enough to have Travis be our server! (Thank you George as well) From start to finish he guided us through a amazing experience with signature appetizers to best of the main courses, and finally tantalizing desserts! Travis was on point with every suggestion you offered us that was on par with what we were looking for for first New Orleans dining experience. We were also very lucky at the end of the evening, end it with a short tour around the entire restaurant with a brief history of it's magnificent renovation of all the rooms and even visit to the kitchen! We will definitely be returning to Revolution on our next visit! Top notch food and team!  The only issues we had was we had to wait 45 minutes for a pre reserved table in the mural room. This should not have happened but once we were seated the night was flawless.I've been holding off on writing this review to give this place the chance to resolve my dispute with them about being overcharged.  It has been a week now, and nothing has happened.  They promised to correct the problem, and the overcharge still appears on my credit card account, so I have filed a dispute with my bank.  I would HIGHLY recommend anyone who dines here to check their receipts.  You would think a really shady dive bar would pull stuff like this.  I was even thinking about not checking my receipts to my credit card accounts anymore because of all the work and the fact that I have NEVER been overcharged by a restaurant EVER.  Of all the places I get overcharged, it's this supposed upscale place.  Honestly, the problems they cause when a customer catches them overcharging, is it really worth the few extra bucks?  This is ridiculous.  I am tempted to file a complaint with the City of New Orleans.  Yes, the decor is nice, but looks can be deceiving.  The service was also terrible and I complained, so maybe they reward you with a complaint by overcharging you.We went for brunch and had the Debris and Eggs, which were fatty and semi-flavorless and the Lobster Gnocchi, which was good, but a very small portion. The sauce is heavy, but the gnocchi was so light I could have eaten more.
The restaurant is beautiful, but It's very pricey, even for brunch.
We had the trio of ice creams at the end and found the peanut butter to be most delicious. I also enjoyed the toasted marshmallow.
We went for my birthday, and they brought out three tiny (really tiny) profiteroles on the house, but I was surprised that there is not more fanfare for special occasions.
Service was very slow, and they were not prepared for people with reservations at their opening time.
I might try dinner there, but I wasn't impressed with their brunch, particularly knowing that one of the owners is from Tru in Chicago.This is one of the best restaurants I have ever eaten at.  The food was phenomenal.Had a lovely dinner here Saturday evening.  The food was amazing as well as the staff.  The restaurant has beautiful décor and is a jewel of the French Quarter.  Highly recommended! Chef John Folse and his team do an extraordinary job of creating lovely dishes with layers of flavor - the best!We went here for our first real meal in New Orleans and really enjoyed it. The crab beignets alone are worth an entire star. The environment is upscale and very pleasant. The service was great. The rest of the food I thought was quite good, though maybe not quite up to par for the price point, but no real complaints. We got tournedos oscar and gluwein duck. They have a good beer list, but its heavily weighted toward higher end, large format bottles. So you might have a hard time finding something for just one person. Sazerac was good. All around a really nice place.Came here for brunch on our trip to NOLA and it was such a great spot. They had live jazz playing and the staff was super friendly. Our waiter recommended a couple of dishes to try and they were all a hit. The bloody marys here are great as well.  Crème Fraîche Biscuits were what we started with and they were sooo good. Perfectly flacky biscuits. The quail and waffle was amazing with some sweet and spice on it. Order the Debris Grillades and Gravy it is a big portion, but the flavors are just phenomenal. Do not skip out on their cream cheese bread pudding. It is the perfect ending to brunch.Most amazing restaurant in town in a trendy place, with fabulous service and perfect fusion food, local cuisine and the best fresh ingredients!The tasting menu is always a great thing here.  The cocktails are excellent, the wine list is Divine.  This is one of the best restaurants in NOLA.  We will be back again and again...New Orleans has amazing food. It's just a fact. In a city with such delicious options, it's gotta be hard to stand out. Great food isn't enough here, because there are just so many places that have it. So, as a business, how do you set yourselves apart?
R'evolution certainly found a solution. I know that the concept of a private chef's table isn't novel, but they do it incredibly well. It was my first time eating like this (beyond a birthday dinner in the kitchen at Buca di Beppo) and I really didn't know what to expect when we went for my sister's birthday.
We were led through the restaurant and into a large room with a circular table. Our private dining room overlooked the main kitchen and had a window on our side, and a mirror on theirs. This was nice, because otherwise it might have felt creepy just staring at the pastry chef making an anniversary cake knowing they could see us. There was also a television screen that showed the kitchen in the main dining room. That was awesome because we got to see them prepare some of our food before we ate it. We had a great time guessing if the food was ours, and watching the cool cooking techniques they used.
Our meal was led by what I can only call our food tour guide. Much like a tour through a city, we were led through the meal by an expert on the ins and outs of the restaurant and its menu. If we had a question he answered it; if we needed something he made it happen. Our guide wasn't intrusive though, and I was really impressed by how personable he was without barging into our family meal. 
I wasn't too involved in the wine selection, but there was an extremely knowledgable sommelier who popped in throughout our meal. The wines were all excellent, but I can't really tell you more than that because I don't know much about wine at all.
We started off with an amuse bouche. This little ladle was packed with a flavorful concoction that really did set the tone for the meal. I never thought much of this concept, but it was really done well. It wasn't an overly fancy and fussy thing even though thats what I always thought amuse bouche's were. 
Our first course was meats, and while we were ordering we mentioned that it would be delicious with some cheese. To which the tour guide asked if he could also bring us a selection of cheeses. That is one of the best questions I have ever been asked, of course you can bring me cheese. 
The meats and cheeses were absolutely delicious. We had a jar of ribs (it sounds weird but it wasn't) that I could have eaten every day. My favorite part of this was definitely the bleu cheese they brought out. It was a distinct flavor and the texture was perfectly smooth and crumbly. There was so much meat and cheese to choose from that we had to hold back so we didn't get full during the first course.
Next, we had appetizers. They were good, but I have to be honest I can't even remember what mine was. So it really must not have been life changing.
For dinner I ordered the veal chop, and to this day I miss it. The chop was pounded thin and lightly breaded, while still being tender and juicy. And it was huge. There was really no end to this delectable piece of meat, so I just could not finish it. It got even better when combined with the mouth-watering truffle mashed potatoes. These were some of the best mashed potatoes I have ever had, and believe me I have eaten many many mashed potatoes.
To finish the meal, desserts were ordered. My favorite part was when we were also brought a tiered tray full of assorted sweets to add to the desserts that we ordered. I absolutely loved the homemade caramels. They sweetly brought my sister out a cake and we all agreed that the 
I was extremely full by this point. But we still had a tour of the kitchens on the schedule, so I waddled around trying not to run into anyone in the bustling kitchen. Everyone was really busy back there, and no wonder since as we left we exited through a packed restaurant. 
More than a meal, R'evolution offered us a really cool experience that we could relax and enjoy. There wasn't a thing I would change about the night or the food, and I think that's a rare feat.Well executed Louisiana cuisine with contemporary flair. Lovely set up for wonderful dinner.i went to this place for dinner with my girlfriend. since the waiting was too long for table we had to sit at the bar. the food is excellent, service was good too. i would give 4 or 5 stars if l had a table.went with some good friends about two weeks ago and was glad we went
recommend:
veal sweetbreads - the best dish we had
marrow
crab beignets 
not my favorite: 
duck 3 way
quail 3 way
oyster salad
some veal dish
so many things on the menu - so much to try
try to get a table that's in the kitchen seating area, looks awesome
if we don't do that, will probably sit at the bar and order a bunch of appetizers although the gnocci looked really good
they bring you a dessert box that's complimentary with the meal - it's awesome
plan on going back again a few more times to try different dishesI am well traveled and R'evolution is a reason to return to New Orleans on its own. I can't imagine a better meal. In fact, we are returning again for lunch. The Crab Beignets with 4 Remoulades were light as air. I really didn't want to share. My all time favorite appetizer is Bone Marrow and these Brick Oven roasted one were easily the best. And Death by Gumbo could be dinner. If you go the person you want to wait on you is Jimi. If the food weren't so good she would be a reason to visit. And don't leave without a tour of the kitchen. Chefs Folse and Tramonto thank you for a world class restaurant.My all-time favorite restaurant in New Orleans. The service in impeccable, the atmosphere is sophisticated and the food is to die for. The crab beignets, death by gumbo, lobster gnocchi, and panned veal chop were among the favorites.Let me start with the one negative I have about this place and get it out of the way, it was FREEZING. I'm not sure if this was the normal temperature here but we all had goosebumps and this is in a city where you're usually dying for any sort of ac or even a slight breeze. We had to keep stepping outside to warm up for a few minutes in between courses.
Moving on, this place is definitely fancy and we wished that we had dressed a little nicer as most of the men were wearing jackets and the women dresses. I didn't notice a difference in treatment, just felt a little under dressed. Then again, I really would have been freezing. 
I got the crab beignets and lobster gnocchi for an entree. I also sampled some of the duck and redfish napoleon. Everything was very good but my lobster gnocchi looked better than it was and I actually liked the redfish napoleon the best. The crab beignets were amazing and to me, the best part of the meal.  They come with 4 little bites, all with different sauces so I would recommend getting one to yourself. A friend also highly recommended his appetizer, Death by Gumbo.
Although they all looked very good, we were too full to order a dessert. Turned out it was a good thing we didn't because they bring out this little box of drawers to every table with different chocolates in each one. It was a nice way to top off the meal and sufficient for all 4 of us at the table. 
Overall, while slightly overpriced, definitely worth trying if you are traveling to New Orleans.Best 5-Star restaurant.  Was in town and planned a 6-course dinner for 75+ clients.  There were so many thank-yous and everyone went on and on about the excellent food and service.  
I really  made points with my clients.  Chef  John Folse personally met everyone of my guests. 
The professionalism of the staff and service personnel could not be matched.  This is how a restaurant should be. Fine  dining at its best.WOW.  This place is amazing.  Even sat in the bar area (tried for weeks to get a reservation) and even that was a great experience.  Tried SO many dishes off the menu and they were all great.  The accoutrement that you receive with the different meat is absolutely delicious.  The sweet onions and the jams were great!  The lobster gnocci is so rich, but worth it!So this will be the first time I leave a negative review on Yelp.  I typically only review my most positive experiences but given that this restaurant was supposed the be the "premier fine dining restaurant in NOLA", I am making an exception.  To start, the restaurant will only hold your reservation for 15 minutes or you can lose your table.  We arrived promptly on time and our table wasn't ready for more than 20 minutes.  Respecting time needs to be a two way street.  When we sat down we were cordially greeted by our team of 3 waiters, one of which was clearly the head waiter.  HE NEVER CAME BACK TO OUR TABLE until we were finished with our meal.  We asked that the somm choose a French wine based on our tastes and gave the waiter a range we were comfortable spending.  The somm never actually came over to discuss our choices and simply made a blind suggestion and gave it to the waiter.  They did not bring our wine until the middle of our 2nd course and never told us the price of the wine they chose.  When we got the bill, the wine was $20 over the highest end of price range I was comfortable spending.  The wine too was not nearly as good as I thought it should be for spending $200 on a bottle but I understand that could be my taste buds and not on them.  I must give credit where its due. The food itself was very good, the menu choices excellent and our 2nd waiter in command (Luke) was very good as well.  I've had the privilege to eat at the some of the highest end, fine dining restaurants in NY and Napa so I'm not unfamiliar with these types of restaurants and experience.   But here's the bottom line, Food is food.  When you eat at a restaurant like this you're paying for service and experience and it simply wasn't delivered.  Disappointing experience especially considering they asked 3 times if we were celebrating a special occasion and we told them we were.One of the best meals my mom and I ever shared. The food was incredible. Staff was super friendly and helpful as well. (Travis was awesome.) I'll definitely be recommending this restaurant to my friends.Exceptional food and service!  Very creative dishes.  Wonderful ambiance.  Would definitely recommend!  The cioppino is divine and so is the quail.Identity crisis with over-the-top presentation.
Food on-par with August, but there's much more attention to presentation here.  Very unique dish-ware for each course.  Fun "box of goodies" to end the meal, too.
Menu is a bit scattered: there's a selection of Italian cured meats, potted meats and terrines, caviar, and steaks.  So, I found myself asking, "Are you a steak house?  A French bistro?  An Italian café?"  
About $100 per person, gratuity and wine included.I'm not sure how many fine-dining establishments are in New Orleans, but Restaurant R'Evolution is definitely one of them. I came here on Halloween night and it was quite a sight to see everyone in costumes eating at a multi-course meal. 
The restaurant is very spacious with several rooms spread out, there is also a door leading outside to this little garden walkway (I couldn't really explore because it was pouring outside). 
The ambience was romantic; quiet and clean. 
My favorite dish was the snapping turtle and deviled quail egg soup. The quail eggs was a flavorful twist on the classic deviled eggs and enhanced the flavor of the soup. I'm not a native of "N'awlins" but I felt that this creole snapping turtle soup had the essence of the city with the exotic meat and spiced broth. Pungent but not overwhelming. Also, snapping turtle just tastes like ground beef.  
The tuna crudo had bits of caviar on the tuna which didn't really add much to the overall flavor but was a nice touch. The pickled vegetables on the side must've been for decorative purposes only because the tartness of the pickled dishes didn't pair well with the fishy, saltiness of the caviar and tuna. A nice dish, but I wouldn't order it again. 
I also enjoyed the Creole Bouillabaisse but the portion was a bit small. Again, the broth was spiced but not overwhelming. 
The dinner ended on a playful note with a complimentary petite fours box.
Overall, I really enjoyed Restaurant R'evolution and would definitely come again. This was my favorite restaurant that I had visited during my weekend in NOLA.Another great restaurant in New Orleans. Excellent service to add. The servers had excellent knowledge of the menu and made some great suggestions. The food was delicious but to tell you the truth every plate that passed us by looked scrumptious.Yummmm- great fancy dinner with an amazing experience, food, & service. Crab beignets are to die for; lobster gnocchi was rich but tasty to share! Filet was so good. You can add any sauces to it. The chocolate smores soufflé for desert was the best thing ever. Can't wait for another birthday in the famCame here for high reviews and good looking menu. Had 8:30 reservation and got right in. Chose to sit in lounge area to watch world series. Waitress brought drink menu and left. Waited 25 minutes for anyone to come back to table. Nice formal atmosphere. Got red fish and fries. Food came out very quickly. Fries were hot, fish cold (maybe was waiting on fries to bring out?). Not very impressed with fries sauces. Fish was very tasty, but pulled 4-5 bones out of my mouth. Service 2, food flavor 4, Food quality 3. Fairly expensive especially for short comings.The food was fantastic. The food was five stars. Why the two stars? Our service was deplorable. He lacked personality and kindness, as well as helpfulness. I had to use the restroom-I can accidentally brushed shoulders with him-I apologized; then he replied,"you should be!!" What and the!?  Maybe he had a bad day, but we all have them. It doesn't mean you should leave your customer feeling awkward and embarrassed while they try and enjoy their meal.Best Wine selection. Beautiful jewlery box  with a complimentary dessert at end of meal very classy touch. Everything was beautiful, great attentive service and coffee. The apps were excellent and the steak entree butter. I have to say one of the best experiences I've had in Nola. I stayed at the Royal Sonesta beautiful hotel even better restaurants including desire for breakfast.Went for dinner on New Year's Eve and arrived 15minutes before reservation and were seated promptly. The service is fantastic and we had about three different people tending our needs. Ordered oysters as a starter and it made me wonder why people stand in line in other places, those were the Best oysters I had in New Orleans. For dinner I ordered the lamb chops that were cooked to perfection (medium). This is a fine dining experience but you may find yourself tempted to lose your table manners (as I did) because the food is finger licking delicious. I did my research before making a reservation here and it was worth it. The corkage fee is $50 so we ended up getting cocktails instead of bringing our own special bottle that we carried in our luggage. I ordered a Manhattan and it was well mixed. He had a local Amber beer.Wow. Everything was so delicious. The service was impeccable. We had the death by gumbo, oyster salad, roasted bone marrow, and the filet. This was my first trip but a return for my friends. Can't wait to go again!Brilliant place. 
However, they screwed up my vegetarian dish. I ordered Risotto with special instructions that I need it Vegetarian. It had some small bacon pieces. 
Upon noticing and complaining, the chef immediately replaced it and at the end gave some in-house desserts!We dined here on a Friday night. I had 5:30 reservations, but the streetcar broke down and we didn't make it until after 6:00! The staff seated us immediately and gave us time to "unwind" after our ordeal. We were treated like royalty! Kudos to Sam! She was awesome, and gave us excellent recommendations. She is a true professional! We had multiple appetizers that were extraordinary! For the entree I had the Seared Sea Scallops and Foie Gras. One of the best meals I have ever eaten! My girlfriend had the bouillabaisse and couldn't stop raving about it. We topped that off with a chocolate souffle that was to die for. Expensive, but worth every dime of it! Could not have been a better experience.Came with the wife three months ago and this place didn't disappoint. The Death by Gumbo was worth killing over!! Cajun fried oyster salad was seasoned to perfection. Fired roasted oysters were like Rockefeller but with better seasoning. Shrimp Fricassee and Grits were some of the best I've had. Triptych of Quail was what my wife had and its was so good sharing was not an option! The drinks were excellent! The Decision was my favorite and my wife liked the Colt's Neck. Molten Chocolate Soufflé is a must for dessert. Service was excellent! I will be back in N.O. soon!Visited New Orleans for the first time and was looking for a romantic night out. This place delivered like a mother fudger. The service was OUTSTANDING. From start to finish, they provide proper service; placing napkins on your lap, walking you to the restroom, handing the menu to the woman first, removing any dirty dishes, explaining each dish as it's set down in front of you, and all the other little things that are done with proper service etiquette. The Staff works as a team here. Our Captain, Alex, was attentive, yet unobtrusive. Brandon spent the most time with us, he was superb, friendly, extremely knowledgeable about the menu, making excellent recommendations and the dishes were exactly how he described them to be. Hats off the the Chef and all of the hard workers in the kitchen who so beautifully prepared such a delicious spread as well. The wine selection is exquisite and extensive, with 10,000 (maybe more?) bottles to choose from. The Sommelier, Steve, was complimentary on the bottles my date had chosen and made great recommendations for a wine that had quite a similar profile to one we were looking for. (And it was delish.) Steve spoke eloquently about the wine selection with my date, (who happens to work in the wine industry and is a sommelier himself). He definitely knew his ish. We sat in a corner booth, which was comfortable and spacious, yet cozy and an absolute perfect spot for dining next to the one you love. The Manager, Luis, also took time to speak with us at the end of the evening. I was nervous walking through Bourbon street to get here, wondering if the environment would be similar to the partying that goes on in the street. However, as soon as you walk in the door, the ambience of this place takes over and you're transported to this dream of elegance, and it comes without being pretentious. Walking in the door feels like that scene in the movie, "A Little Princess", where she is in that wretched attic, but wakes up in that huge beautiful bed. This is the longest Review I've ever written, if you're still reading this, I apologize. I was just sooo very, very pleased with the entire experience here, I'm at a loss for words if you can't tell. I can't believe this thing hasn't cut me off ye
Hahaha, just kidding, it's not Twitter.
In all honesty and sincerity, this very well may have been my top dining experience to date. And I've eaten almost daily since, as far back as I can remember, really. Some might even say I'm an expert at it. 
Bottom line, this place is the bees knees. Check it out and spend all your money here. 
It's so. Very. worth it. 
Cheers!Place has great ambience and excellent service, food is presented in style and cooked to perfection. A must visit, although costly.We finally got here Sunday and had a wonderful meal.  Food & service were impeccable.  Chef Folse is the absolute undisputed authority on Cajun foods.  Selections are a mix of continental (a large covered cheese tray with numerous choices), Cajun-modern, and some interesting Italian-American pastas & deserts.
Everything, even the smallest item, is wonderful.  Most are made in-house or at Folse's personal dairy up-River.
Very casual bar-area has full menu, too.
Dress casual.  I saw a guy in jeans.  Park in Sonesta valet area, give ticket to maitre'd, your car will be brought to front door; $10 parking fee.
Our bill was around $330 for two, several courses; but, we had Dom-P and a drinks bill of around $160 or 170.  Plus, tip about $50, $10 parking, & valet tips.
If one is careful, could get out for around $200/couple.  And, it is very, very worth it.  But, this is NOT the place to "be careful" !
Chef Folse never disappoints.  Tramonta, previously unfamiliar to us, is also terriffic !
R'evolution is a must-try !  We think this is the best new place ever, maybe the very best restaurant in the City !
Over the years, we have tried all of John Folse's restaurants, products, & publications.  He is a perfectionist with tremendous expertise and taste.  He has never failed to make us happy.
Please read the other reviews here; we agree with them all.
RickMy wife and I are both Gluten Free and although they don't do a separate menu they are able to make most things Gluten Free.  The food was amazing!  We split the tomahawk ribeye for two and it was the second best steak I've ever had (behind only Craftsteak in Las Vegas).  I would have went 5 stars but there were a few times in the meal when our wine glasses were empty.  Overall I was extremely impressed and would highly recommend!Arrived without a reservation and was seated at a lovely table.  Service and food was excellent!Lots of show and not quite enough substance.  With its beautiful decor, this is a stunning restaurant that seemed to offer the promise of the best in New Orleans. I was very hopeful that R'evolution would deliver on this promise but , in the end, I was a bit disappointed.
The appetizers were good but not great.  The seafood gumbo lacked seasoning and the death by gumbo was very interesting but was a bit too deconstructed to allow for one to enjoy all the components together in a the way that makes gumbo perfect.
As for the entrees, the pork chop was delicious and perfected cooked...but the  brussel sprout side was overcooked. Similarly, the greens were very flavorful but the scallops were overwhelmed by the foie.
All in all, this was a good meal....but sadly not great. Given the beautiful decor and big budget, I expect this will improve over time but worry that they will mainly thrive on the tourists who may not demand perfection and thus their desire to make small changes could wane.Had Sunday Brunch. Jeffery,our waiter, was beyond exceptional. 
Had the lobster gnocchi. Too Good. Wife had Eggs Benedict. Scrumptious!!  Friend had eggs anyway with meat. More than expected and great!!
Then Jeffery took us on a tour of the wine cellar and kitchen.  Over the top!!!
Nice way to start the day. 
Oh - the Pimms cup was different and now is like another!!!Excellent service, one of the best meals I have ever eaten.  Highly recommend this place.We were very happy to discover this restaurant in New Orleans. Service was great, waiters were nice and helpful, they even shakes our hands at the end! Food was great as well. It is very hard to be impressed by food in  NO because of high competition of great famous restaurants with classic Cajun cuisine. But Restaurant R'evolution brings classic recipes to a new level with modern touch. And the jewelry box with sweets was a cherry on a top! We definitely will be back to our new favorite restaurantBeautiful room.  Professional staff.  I had the scallops and they were really good.  Not sure what my wife had - looked like pho and it was even better than my scallops.  The portions are a bit on the small side for the appetizers, basically if you share an appetizer you'll only get one bite.  Clearly a 5 star restaurant.Scallops, lobster gnocchi, crap beignets, beef tartare, asparagus, turbodog chocolate cake, creme brûlée, were all fantastic.  Simply one of the best meals I've had.  Paired with a 2012 Caymus it was awesome.Can't even!! Out of this world. Start to finish. I will be back again and again. I'm from Chicago praying they open there as well.My new fav  restaurant  NOLA ! Lively but not noisey , sat in the back by the kitchen fun to watch the going ons. lovely decor back there too, a special stool to place your purse on- really. Cocktails were nicely done. Food was over the top yummy. Yes the beer batter crab is good- thanks for that tip, also the fresh oysters. Had the flounder that was stuffed with crawfish, beautiful to look at and eat, Hubs had the beefy thing cooked just right. Save room for the banana foster souffle flamed at your table. Chef came out and chatted, what a warm nice guy. You have got to try this place!You will be thrilled. My husband and I had dinner here during a business trip. It is pricey but not expensive because the value of the experience is worth it. We began with the Death by Gumbo which is well pictured here on Yelp. Delicious layers of flavor and the quail just kills it. I then had the Beet Salad and hubby had the Fried oyster blue cheese salad. We both liked mine and loved his, which was a deconstructed classic wedge with delicious oysters added. Yum. For mains, I had the scallops with foie gras and he had the paneed veal chop. Both were fabulous. We finished with bread pudding.  The environment is classy, warm and quiet, which we both enjoy over the noisy environments of most restaurants. The service was friendly, attentive and reverent. There were two mistakes made BUT the staff owned and apologized for both. Overall, a five star experience. Just go, you will be happy you did.I was so excited when my husband told me that he had made reservations to eat at R'evolution while we were visiting New Orleans. I had heard great things and started salivating just hearing about the menu. Upon arrival, we noticed the meat fridges where much of the charcuterie is aged and made in house! Naturally we had to try some and we ordered the "pig out board" to split. We also had a hard time resisting the bread which was served warm and very good and a nice little surprise was the amuse bouche that the chef prepared for us. We had been told that we had to try the "death by gumbo" starter which is a roasted quail stuffed with gumbo! Wow! Incredibly delicious and unique! For our main course, I tried the scallops with foie gras! They were divine! We brought our own wine but spent a good amount of time exploring the wine menu which was on an iPad. Some great selections. We each enjoyed a glass of white wine to start before opening our Napa Cab that we brought with! We were too full for dessert, but of course, the pastry chef prepared a little box of treats for us that we couldn't resist! I loved it, the ambiance and the flavors and the overall feel! I also loved hearing that John Folse, the chef and owner is a devout Catholic! If anyone wants to see the beauty of sharing the gifts that God has given you, you must eat here!This place was so good, I had the beer battered crab beignets and the fried quail and waffle. Both dishes were appetizers, but very filling and flavorful. Definitely will be one of my go to places when I visit New Orleans!Surprisingly very good!!! Not what I expected 
Seafood gumbo
Crayfish stuffed Napoleon 
Yummy cocktails! 
Bread pudding- mediocre; pass on thisBefore coming to New Orleans I did some research because I wanted to do one really great stand out meal during our visit.  When I read the interesting menu for R'evolution and saw the great reviews, I made a reservation.  What a fabulous meal from start to finish. Service was spot on and hospitable. The food was delicious and creative.  Standouts were the crab beignets, the fabulous ribeye (perfectly prepared) asparagus with a lovely light sauce, gnocchi with generous portions of lobster and homemade ice cream for dessert.  Though a bit on the pricey side, this place was well worth it for a special unforgettable meal.This is my first supposedly fine dining experience and I think it was decent, but without the "wow" factor. The highlight was friendly and attentive services, delicious drinks and great entree. I was slightly disappointted with the turtle soup, and the creme brulee pudding dessert. The charboiled oyster was OK. 
The decoration, the table and the dinnerwares are definitely beautiful and elegant. I had the scallop with foie gras and truffle. I for the first time sort of recognize the flavor of truffle (I sort of think that is the flavor, I wasnot sure). I had a cold and the aroma kind blend with everything else going on. The foie gras does not have much flavor (I think) by itself, but the texture is so rich and it was a full big piece. The only complaint was the foie gras was luke warm. I am not sure whether it was supposed to be like that or different items were cooked seperately and it just happened the foie gras cooled off before everything else was ready. 
The scallop was spot on, ever so slightly caramelzed on both sides and tender in the center. The thin celery pieces perfectly balanced with the richness. 
I heard the mixed seafood dish was pretty good as well. I had a bite. The flavor was full, sophisticated, yet balanced and not overpowering. 
The turtle soup is somewhat a let down. The deviled quail eggs were cute, but the soup was too salty and doesnot have much else going on. 
The dessert was pretty to look at. But the flavor was very one dimensional and a little too sweet for me. I would wish for a better ending for the otherwise great meal. 
Lastly, I had a glass of riesling and my companion had a cocktail drink. Both were refreshing and very tasty. 
Overall, a passing score I guess. But as my first fine dining, I was hoping to be impressed, surprised not just fed. Maybe I should not place much expectation on a single meal.Went here for my birthday dinner and was really impressed! The ambience here is fancy and very classy. Parking can be a pain here so the taxi was suggested. The waiters and overall service were really good! Everyone was formal and embraced the humor and weirdness our table had.
Most importantly, this was such an enjoyable dining experience! I went with a party of seven so we got a lot of stuff to try:
-Death by gumbo: Really neat dish. They pour the broth table side and all the ingredients of the gumbo is stuffed in a quail! It was the first time trying it but it definitely was gamey. 
-Oysters on the Half Shell R'evolution Style: I'm a huge oyster fan and these things are DELICIOUS! They're not raw but cooked and the flavor is amazing! Presentation is also appealing! MUST GET!! 
-Beer-battered Crab Beignets: Comes with four beignets per order. Each beignet uniquely came with a different sauce, each one was yummy! And the batter wasn't too thick which is kind of my pet peeve for anything fried. Must get!!
-Beets salad was really good, small portion though! Must get if you're a beets fan!
-Citrus salad was okay, grapefruit tasted funny to me for some reason. Slightly bigger portion than the beets salad though. 
-Tajarin with Jumbo Lump Crab Meat: This was kind of a let down for me. The crab was good but the dish was a little too "seafoody" for me. It's ok. 
-Sheep Ricotta Gnocchi with Lobster: I wasn't a fan of this just because the vanilla was on the strong side for me but if you love vanilla you'd probably like it. 
-Crawfish-stuffed Flounder Napoleon: Loved this seafood dish! MUST GETT! 
-IF YOU LOVE MEAT YOU HAVE TO HAVE TO HAVE TO GET Braised Boneless Short Ribs and "Bird in the Cage". The meat is soooooo tenderrrr and it's literally like a burst of flavor exploding in your mouth...yea THAT good! 
Of all the desserts: 
-Ice cream: Crunchy Peanut Butter and Toasted Marshmallow was amazing!!!!!! Red Velvet Creole Cream Cheese was disappointing and whatevers. 
-Bananas Foster Soufflé: Order early because it takes 20 minutes to rise. But it's definitely worth the wait!!!! MUST GETTT!!!
-Turbodog Stout Chocolate Cake: so so for me. It was a little too rich for my personal taste. 
-White Chocolate Bread Pudding Crème Brûlée: BEST DESSERT HANDS DOWN. I WOULD HAVE ORDERED TWO!! 
Such an awesome dining experience overall!Man, it's been awhile since I've written anything....but I hope to get back to it.
Let me begin by saying this place was ALL CLASS!! 
Service, food, and ambiance were great!
We were a group of 11 guys for a bachelor party.  We had reservations and we were promptly seated at the time reserved near the kitchen.  Our table was also near the cured meats area that are designed to be part of the backdrop.  For a meat lover like me, it was awesome.
Keith was our main man serving us, but the whole staff was awesome.  I just cannot say enough about the service here.  I can go on, but you get the idea.
With such a large group, we basically let Keith choose our appetizers.  He choices were on point. Oysters, on the half she and R'evolution style, Grande Salumi/Charcuterie board, Beer battered Crab Beignets, Espresso crusted Venison carpacio and the famous Death by Gumbo.  All excellent, especially the beignets and oysters R'evolution style.
For the main course, everyone's food was great.  The selections included 40oz Tomahawk Ribeye for two, shrimp and grits, seared sea scallops and foie gras, Triptych of quail, which was quail prepared 3 ways, just to name a few.  But for me, i asked Keith to give me something he would consider the best thing there.  He didn't disappoint.  My entree was 14oz milk fed veal chop, topped with sauteed lump crab meet and sauteed crawfish tails.  It was awesome.
Dessert was a bunch of random sweets, but the I can say was the best was the Dulcy blonde molten chocolate cake.  I don't normally like sweets, but this cake was delicious.
We also had wine and other drinks, but since this is long already, I just wanted to say this place was delicious and has a great staff.So my boyfriend and I went to Bayona and had some small plates and then wandered around and were still hungry and then got accosted by some dude who wanted to tell us about all the drugs he did so then we ran away and ended up at the bar at R'Evolution and ate turtle soup and a deconstructed banana cream pie dessert and had fancy beers from Chicago and MET Chef Folse and were totally starstruck and it was lovely.
Lovely lovely lovely. :)R' evolution says it all...a superb and R' evolutionary experience.  If six stars were possible, I would wholeheartedly bequeath them!  Indeed, my most favorite restaurant in the French Quarter/New Orleans.  What is it?  It's everything!  Nothing is off key!  All the creations are cutting-edge and exotic, the presentation and service are unparalleled, and the decor and ambiance fit and match the level of the quality of the food, drinks, and decadent desserts. Bang!  I've heard this restaurant is considered number 1 in New Orleans; I have a strong feeling its got to be in the top 20 (maybe top 10) in the nation.  Your trip to New Orleans isn't complete unless you've included this revolutionary dining experience.I didn't try a lot there. I had their rillettes -- it was fairly standard, nothing particularly standout about it. I then had their seafood gumbo which, again, was fairly standard. I would have ordered more, but I figured I'd cut my losses and move elsewhere for dessert. For the price, I was certainly not impressed. I'd much rather go somewhere like Root.
The bar scene was alright, more high-end, not trashy -- considering the god-awful neighborhood ;)I don't know about this place...the reviews are excellent. And, when the hotel concierge recommended it, we were happy to follow his advice. The place is new and gorgeous. But, that's about where it ended. The food was just ok. Gumbo came out sort of warm and didn't have the flavor I would expect. My martini was sweeter than it really should be. And, wine was $25 for a glass. It just seemed over priced and over hyped. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing? But, if you can't turn out perfect gumbo in NOLA...I think there are better places. Try Kingfish and K-Paul's.This place did not disappoint! MUST-GO place if you're in New Orleans. 
Service: excellent, very attentive and detailed. 
Food: everything was just superb! 
*There was a complementary bite-size hors d'oeuvre*
Appetizers - the beer-battered crab beignets were to die for! The prosciutto was also very tasty. 
Meat - the braised boneless short ribs were amazing. Great flavor, tender and very filling, despite the size. 
Sides- gruyere potato au Gratin was the perfect side for the meat. Soft and crunchy. 
Dessert: creole cream cheese bread pudding. It wasn't was I was expecting, but a very sweet surprise. 
You can't go wrong with this place. Dress code is between casual and dressy (if you can dress up, even better).Crab beignets Crab beignets Crab beignets Crab beignets Crab beignets! Took my friend here for her birthday. She said it was the best meal she ever had. Venison carpaccio was a tad bland. Could have used a saltier topping to help boost flavor combos. Crawfish stuffed redfish was awesome. And crab beignets were one of the best things I have ever eaten. Wish I had a bucket of thoseWe had dinner here for our anniversary and it was fantastic. The snapping turtle soup and the gumbo are succulent! We had the lobster gnocchi for dinner.... YUMM!!The dining area is super bright, almost uncomfortably so. Feels like you are on stage. Service was flawless and the meal was pretty good, but with almost no wine on the menu below $100 and $100+ appetizer 'stairway of caviar' it just seems a bit too pretentious to have one of your signature dishes 'death by gumbo' to be slightly above average.  Don't get me wrong at least they attempted traditional gumbo, unlike so many others in the 1/4 that have a creole gumbo with tomato sauce. Yuck! That's not gumbo to me. That being said, the presentation was good and the parting gift of some chocolates was very nice, but definitely not worth the $$$$I'm going to make a statement that is a really big deal for me. Restaurant R'evolution is the best dining experience we've had in the United States.  Alinea in Chicago is more of a culinary adventure.  Spoon in Dallas certainly offers a memorable and beautifully crafted seafood experience.  I've done all the Daniel Boulud, Tom Colicchio and David Burke establishments in NYC and they each have their memorable qualities.  Love eating in Charleston as well as Etch, Husk, Margot and Lockeland Table in Nashville. We've done the best of San Diego, LA, San Francisco, Napa and Sonoma. I love the work of Bobby Flay and especially Marc Forgione. While I lived in Southeast Asia I had many memorable dinners.  We've certainly had meals in France and Italy that would be at the top of the list for food alone. However, for us the efforts of Chefs Tramonto and Folse and their staff will be the standard that all future fine dining establishments are held to.
First, there was a mix up with our reservation.  When they realized it was their mistake they immediately went to work to make sure we were not disappointed.  When they said they could seat us I thought, "two top by the bathroom". NO, we were in a lovely dining room looking out on to the courtyard of The Royal Sonesta Hotel.
We were seated side-by-side in a banquette...instantly making us (gay couple) the Stars of the room. In a matter of seconds we met "our staff"...all three of them...Alejandro, John and Luke. However, in the course of the evening we had no less than eight servers, including two managers and Chef Folse making sure we were having a perfect evening.  (Side note) As we departed Alain Ducasse at The Plaza Athenee in Paris we were asked how we enjoyed our evening.  We responded," the food was only second to the beauty of the servers".  Well, not all of our servers were runway model beautiful (they were in Paris) but their work was like a well rehearsed ballet and their demeanor was the pinnacle of professionalism.  The food was absolutely standard setting in composition as well as flavor profiles.  We had two appetizers, a salumi board, two entrees and a bottle of wine and the check was only $200. I've spent a lot more money for not nearly the dining experience we enjoyed.  Who has ever heard of a jar of duck liver mousse that was like Thai Silk being $5 and coming with four condiments, nuts, dried fruits and grilled bread...WHAT?!?!?!  We are still reeling over what an incredible place this is.THis is fine dining done right. This place does everything great. THe food was wonderful, the ambiance is great and the staff is amazing. We got a tour of the kitchen and it was spotless. The restaurant has different rooms you can dine in, which are all decorated differently. We requested the room with the tv in it for one of the Saints games. It was great we go to eat great food and watch the Saints game all in a private room at a great restaurant. The staff even gave the misses a small stool to put her purse on...never saw that before and she loved it.Our group of seven really loved this restaurant!  Unique and creative menu with elegant dining room just off Bourbon in Royal Sonesta Hotel.
We had the opportunity to try many of the creative and delicious offerings on the extensive and well organized menu.  Liked the signature Gumbo with a whole stuffed quail, enjoyed smoked oysters, crab beignets, beef tartar, and LOVED the tomahawk ribeye, black drum pho, scallops with foie gras.  Interesting and rich chocolate cake and red velvet beignets for desert. All of the food was fresh, creative, flavorful, well presented and delicious. 
High end elite wine list with most bottles in the $200 - $600 range up to $$$$$.  We went with nice selections Caymus and Orin Swift that were at the lower price end of the wine menu in the $150 range. Both were very nice.  The only negative I see at R'evolution is the wine list, which is probably WS rated, but not accessible unless you rolling serious money.  R'Evolution should consider adding more outstanding selections in the $60 - $125 range. 
Service was outstanding but came off a little snooty for laid back NOLA.  At the end of the evening the manager was nice enough to take the time to show us the wine cellar, kitchen, VIP dining area and capped off a wonderful dinner with an interesting tour of this incredible restaurant.
Overall I give this experience 5+ stars.This place was more like a 3 and a half star spot but I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt for visiting on a hopefully just off night. 
We had reservations and the girl at the front desk didn't even greet us. The place was hot and I was literally sweating, but after a few minutes it cooled up and got better. 
The waiters were nice and attentive and the food was good but I expected a little better for a pre fix menu. My favorite plate was surprisingly the shrimp and grits, which I didn't think I was really going to like. 
They give you a little box with chocolates at the end, which is cute but they're nothing amazing. 
I'd like to try this place one more time and hopefully the next time will be a little better.Some of the best dishes I've had so far in my life!! The Jazz Margarita was soooo refreshing! The oysters were good, perfect in size, not too small and not overwhelmingly big! 
The entrees filled as up and it was not expected since it's a fancy restaurant. We expected small servings. We even had complimentary appetizers!!Crab beignets, WOW! I will have foodie dreams about these. Also the wild mushroom papperdelle was delicious! I wish that the pasta was a different shape, something more substantial with some texture. It would be easier to get on your fork and hold on to that fantastic sauce instead of slipping all over. We also ordered the blackened gulf shrimp risotto and that was really tasty also, just the right amount of spice. Last the chocolate crackerjack soufflé was amazing. I could go on and on about this place. The service was outstanding! Very beautiful! Ambiance was wonderful. The prices were less than I expected. Some of the best food I've ever eaten, anywhere. I would go back again for sure!Old School ~ Refined, exceptional service this is dining how it should be. 3 servers per table, and that all know each other's duties. Beautifully appointed rooms, china & tableware~
  Started with cocktails both well done ~ menu is diverse and with local fare when possible. 
   Muse from the kitchen ~
       Tuna with celery root. Well presented ample portion. it was fine, not delicious and I thought an odd choice as many people don't care for fish.
    First course~
          Corn bisque, nice sweet & crisp kernels, not overly creamy kinda of broth like. Did taste bell pepper & tarragon and some shrimp added, I believe.
     Entree~
           Red fish, served on wilted spinach with skin on. Also on the plate a deep fried crap cake, and an artichoke heart stuffed? With something..... it was room temperature and a bit bland (quite love artichokes, so this was a disappointment) The Red Fish was cooked correctly with flaky whiteness a side bite with the wilted spinach.
     Dessert~
         Very nice selections, the chocolate/coconut ice cream VERY nice in deep rich chocolate flavor & coconut flavor towards the middle & sprinkled with some sea salt & coco nibs on top.  Cappuccino with dessert, possibly the best coffee I have experienced in NOLA on this trip.
   I would definitely return ~ as I would like a chance to give them the additional ~You ever been to a restaurant and watched the table next to you complaining about their food? R'evolution is the opposite of that. It's almost worth going here just to see the people at the next table freak out about how good their food is.I ordered the chicken which was nothing special. I have had great rotisserie chicken in peruvian chicken places across northern VA. When I told the waiter my half finished chicken was just ok he said I am so sorry to hear about that and didn't even offer a free dessert. I was disappointed in this overly ostentatious and hugely expensive place.Had a decent Jazz Brunch here on Sunday. I ended up getting a ressy after some great Yelp brunch reviews, only to find later that it was actually located in our hotel (The Royal Sonesta on Bourbon Street), which was convenient. 
The space is beautiful and the jazz is fun and relaxing. The service is top notch (they brought me a shawl that matched my dress when I mentioned I was chilly) but the food did come out rather slowly. 
We each had a $16 Tasso Bloody Mary, which were ok, but not $16 ok. After that, I had a standard Bloody Mary which I enjoyed much more (way spicier!).
We enjoyed the crab beignets, which were very crabby and had a nice crispy fried shell. 
DH HATED his Eggs Sardou with crab. His main problem with it is that it was served in a martini glass. Is this 1999? Why are we still serving anything other than martinis in a martini glass? Eggs belong on a plate. The presentation (and subsequent difficulty eating) of the eggs really marred the experience for him. Maybe he would have liked the meal on a plate, but he was just annoyed the whole time. 
I enjoyed Ricotta Gnocchi with Lobster...a lot. It was buttery and subtle with huge pieces of lobster. 
I think we would try it again, but maybe for dinner instead.We really had a mediocre experience. The food was way too salty to the point that my steak was impossible to eat and had to be replaced for a dry piece of meat cooked in a hurry. The sauce in their chicken special was also very salty. The service was very slow, with dirty plates being left on our table for ten minutes or more. This is not the kind of experience you would expect from a respected fine dining restaurant. The only enjoyable dish was their cauliflower soup, also slightly salty. Not recommended!The service was great and people were really nice. However, I was not impress with the food. I got the crab beignets (which were good but not amazing) and the veal (which was okay, but again I was really underwhelmed). Overall, I most likely will not return to R'evolution.The excellence of New Orleans fine dining continued with a visit to Restaurant R'evolution.
Our wonderful meal began with the "Death by Gumbo" appetizer selection. With a whole roasted quail stuffed with andouille sausage, oysters and rice over a thick dark gumbo stew this was a unique cajun flavor eye opener. A signature selection - you bet. Now hooked we continued with the "Triptych of Quail" main selection. Three fantastic choices in one offering and all distinctly unique. The Boudin-stuffed and Southern-fried Quail were simply incredible. The Absinthe-glazed selection (a step down from the other two) was also enjoyable. 
Our other selections included the Crab Beignets appetizer. A dish of four light and fluffy beignets stuffed with crab and four different remoulade sauces. Also - The Cioppino with an "ocean" of fish selections in a seafood broth. 
As you enjoy all these listed above you realize the complexity of it all. Every choice has "four of this" or "three of that" - different culinary avenues for your journey through NOLA finest cuisine. 
Exhausted with flavors we passed on dessert. As a final surprise - and a perfect ending to this heavenly evening - a French Quarter Style Jewelry Box arrives with five drawers that hold five different dessert delicacies for your enjoyment - Unbelievable. No - you can't take the box with you however it can be purchased - we didn't ask... 
Service:
Similar our prior night's visit to Arnaud's we arrived without a reservation. 
Unlike our prior night's visit to Arnaud's there were "reserved" open tables. We were then seated  facing the open cooking area which  was fine as we enjoyed watching the kitchen activity (ready dishes out a bit too long before being picked up by staff). Upon leaving a few tables remained unoccupied.
That aside once seated service was incredibility professional and sincere while suggesting menu items that truly worked. Then again - can't imagine what wouldn't here.
A wonderful dinner that will be remembered for quite some time...Fabulous in decor, service, menu, preparation delivery and taste.  I went after a conference reception so didn't want a full meal. Revolution is often booked (as it was the night I went with a colleague so we are in the lounge.  It was totally comfortable and quick.  The bar has a nice design motif and interesting decor. Plenty of historic old New Orleans. For an appetizer I had fried oyster salad and it was fabulous.  Generous portion and delicate and delightful flavors. I then had beer battered crab beignets. It was tasty. If there were more I woulda eaten them but there was plenty. Btw the salad comes with a strip of crispy bacon!  Just decadent.  For dessert I had red velvet beignets. There was cream cheese dip accompanying the sweet red velvet fried dough. What's not to love.  I actually couldn't finish it all. If in Nola drop by for a quickie.Extremely good restaurant. Lobster gnocchi and crab or clam pasta are both delicious!Dining at Restaurant R'evolution was one of the best things about my trip to New Orleans! The food was perfection and the service flawless. I ordered the bone marrow appetizer and the scallops with fois gras followed by a three-part dessert with homemade ice cream (forgot the name, but it was amazing). The manager Amber made us feel right at home and our server gave us plenty of guidance as we ordered. When I return to New Orleans R'evolution will definitely be mandatory!when planning my trip to New Orleans with my mom this one of the first places I knew we had to go to. I did at one point almost say ehhh maybe not but then I came to my senses. I'm happy I did because this was absolutely amazing. it's not even just food it's like an experience. I cannot wait to come back one day and bring my husband here just because I cannot believe he didn't get to share this experience with me. now I've been to places with a menu on an Ipad which btw I think is awesome. but a place with a purse chair just omg. this place was made for a girl like me who hates putting her purse on the floor! 
besides loving this place, the crab beignets I really wonder where they have been all my life. they were like heaven in your mouth. I can't even describe the deliciousness that they were. they were my all time favorite meal of this trip. the gift box at the end is also a very cute treat and I think so unique and just omg I loved it. I can't imagine anyone not liking this place. I need to find a place like this in NYC. just what a great place. highly recommend anyone to come here. I wish I remembered to take photos here with my mom. I loved the decor inside also.We were at both bar area and restaurant. Bar area, pretty dark and nice vibe. Still can order foods and what not. If you are coming with friends for a quick bite and a drink, you probably are better off staying in the bar area. 
Restaurant area, I loved it. Their service was just incredible. They were making sure everything was perfect. We ordered Oyster, crab beignets, and seafood gumbo along with our drinks but everything was beyond great. Bread came with seasalt butter and sugarcane butter. Great great. We at the end got even this Cookies and couple of treats in this gorgeous Chinese lock box. Was so much fun dining there looking at the open kitchen. 
Perfect date night place y'all!We arrived for our 8:30 reservation at 7:45 and thought we would enjoy a cocktail before dinner.  One of the floor managers came up to us and said our table was leaving and it would just be a few minutes at 9:00 but never returned.  At 9:30 we still had not been seated and they told us the same thing again.  My husband and I were taking our guests here and were treated terribly by being lied to and they didn't even buy us a round of drinks.  I don't understand how this restaurant can receive such high remarks if the front desk/ floor management/  or kitchen slowdown would cause a reservation to be delayed over an hour.  Our city has a number of very fine restaurants that we dine at regularly so don't bother with one that doesn't respect your time -- This is a horribly run restaurant - which is a shame for a chef like John Folse !  We left and barely made it to Peche by 9:50 and were seated immediately with great service and fabulous dinner.  SKIP R'EVOLUTION UNLESS YOU HAVE ALL EVENING TO WASTE AND NOT GET FED !!Wow, this place is amazing. The five stars is for the service AND flavors. We started with the death by gumbo, pig out board, cheeses, venison carpaccio & crab begniets. My favorite was the death by gumbo, the flavors were incredible, so many layers. The pig out board was a close second, the terrines were great, highly recommend those 2, although the 2 were definitely excellent as we'll. 
The entrees were the quail 3 ways, the fish with pho and crab, and the scallops with foie gras. Excellent and delicious all of them. Lastly you should definitely try the soufflé. Very nice way to end the meal. The soufflé was not something that I haven't had before... Meaning not exactly unique, but definitely well done. If you want something unique I would highly recommend the bread pudding creme brûlée, which was amazing. GET your own! You won't want to share.We had a very impressive dinner at this elegant restaurant.  The decor was impeccable.  The service was formal, but the waitstaff were personable enough so as not to be off-putting.  Cocktails were very good.  I enjoyed the burnt old fashioned.  They weren't the biggest cocktails that I have ever seen.  The only disappointing part of the meal was the bottle of Barbera d'Alba that we drank.  We started with a nice amuse bouche.  The bread was good.  The most mind blowing part of the meal was the death by gumbo.  It was delicious.  The presentation and concept were amazing.  The beer battered crab beignets were ethereal.  The panned veal chop was over the top and sybaritic.  The pounded veal chop was expertly breaded and topped with lump crab meat.  It was amazingly rich- veal Milanese on steroids.  It could have easily fed two (not that it stopped me from eating the whole thing myself).  The scallops with foie gras was well received.  The filet mignon was good, but not up to the standards of the other entrees.  The truffled mashed potatoes were addictive.   The chocolate doberge cake was our consensus favorite dessert- all conversation stopped while we were eating it.  The bread pudding creme brûlée was also really good.   Just as we were about to leave, our waitress stopped by with some more cookies and sweets.  
Great restaurant and a nice evening.  The food is really rich, so mix up your ordering.Really is as good as it gets.  And if it's not, this place will make it right.  Service was only rivaled by the food.
The wines were amazing and the staff really went out of their way to make sure we each were happy.  From the Death by Gumbo, to the Cheese Grits, the vegetable place, the artisan cheeses, to the Osetra caviar.... it was all wonderful.   Even the peanut butter ice cream was off the hook and the cocktails were perfect.  I will admit the carrot cake beignets were kinda bland (hey chef!  your staff forgot the salt), but the sauce was good enough to cover up this tiny transgression.
One of the wines the waiter brought to me was not to my liking.  I told him I wanted something earthy and minerally and he brought me a Chateuneuf du Pape that was smooth and polite.  I told him it was perfectly good, just not what I was looking for and he didn't waste a second sweeping it away for something else.  In fact, he confessed that he wasn't really a wine drinker and so thought I'd like it because it was popular, and sent for the sommelier who poured an amazing red for me.
We sent no food back.  It was all delicious.
After dinner, which was quite late (we were the last turn) one of the senior waiters who saw we were knowledgable about food, gave us a back-house tour.  We talked to the chefs, the management, the staff, and we got to go in the back room where the chefs hang out and taste wines.  Such a treat.
Go!  Worth every penny.There are not many restaurants in the world that balance sophistication comfort, knowledge and superb food better than Revoultion. Dinner was varied, tast y, regional and perfect.   The premises  are extra ordinary.  If you can afford it, you should go!We went to many great restaurants during our visit to New Orleans, but if I had to pick the highlight of our culinary experience it would be R'volution. Sure, this is pricier than others, but the quality and the service are definitely worthwhile. Amazing selection of classic dishes with a twist and mind-boggling wine selection.this place was recommended by a friend who used to live in town. the service was probably the best part, although the food and the decor were also awesome. the wine list "is so huge they had to put it on an iPad" .. the beer list is also pretty large & crafty (thank god, finally a place in new orleans where i can order a nice stout) HIGHLY recommend the "death by gumbo" - and so did my server. i love the bar area here. as someone who works in the service industry i know the hostesses are supposed to be super friendly but that is not always the case. the host and hostesses here were the friendliest ever & super accommodating. we loved our server & his 2 bussers/runners that assisted him. everyone was sooo knowledgable of the menu & made super recommendations. attentive but not over bearing. and friendly, funny, warm & welcoming. was slightly skeptical to come here but i'm SO glad we did not miss out!My goodness this is going to be short and sweet. Stop searching Yelp and just make a reservation. You need this experience. Seafood Beignets. Yes. Oysters. Yes. Death by Gumbo. Yes. Clam Linguine. Yaaaasss. Dessert? You just hit it out of the park. 
Staff = 10
Wine and alcohol list = 10
Ambiance = 10
Food =10I hate vegetables. I am not a big fan of NOLA cuisine, (sorry).  BUT, i say all that to say this: the collard greens were out of this world.  I wish I had never tasted them because I know I cannot have them again.  Tell me you make them in the Orleans casino here in Vegas, I'll go.First, we had wonderful cocktails in the bar. I had the Belle Epoque- fantastic. The vibe was very old world and gentlemanly, though it was mostly women waiting. They brought us to our table and I was immediately in love with the little stool for my purse.  Stool! For! My! Purse! The whole restaurant was elegant but not stuffy. A haven just a half block from the repulsiveness of Bourbon Street. The service was impeccable, the food amazing. We had crab beignets (which even my fickle 10-year-old loved.) The amuse bouche was a fluffy cloud of bleu cheese on a spoon- heavenly. I had the goat cheese tortelli, which was good but not great. My husband has the triptych of quail and it was superb. We tried several of the home made ice creams, which were delicious. Then they brought out the adorable little chest filled with tiny treats! We were stuffed so we brought them home. Every last morsel was great. I will definitely make this a regular stop and will be glad to bring guests from out of town.Chefs John Folse and Rick Tramonto have combined their skills and styles to make a unique, unforgettable dining experience in the city with the best food in the world.  
Do reserve seats, dress up (no jeans, no flip flops, jackets for men), and be prepared to pay quite reasonable prices for the chefs' expertise, the attentive, professional service rendered, and parking (wish the Royal Sonesta would allow at least a discount for restaurant patrons).  This level of dining actually costs this much and more around the country and outside the USA.
The ambience is traditional, relaxed fine dining.  The staff is friendly, the decor is dark wood, white tile, comfortable chairs where one may enjoy a special meal at leisure.  The noise level is low.  A jazz combo plays softly on Sundays for brunch.
Our server's were John and George.  Both were professional but warm in their demeanor.  The service was impeccable.  John made suggestions but reminded us that there were "no wrong answers."
We chose to share Death by Gumbo, Crabmeat Beignets, and Duck comfit.  It was our anniversary.  John poured us complimentary glasses of Prosecco!  
All of our food was plated beautifully and served magnificently.  Death by Gumbo consists of quail stuffed with andouille, rice, and seasonings, and our servers poured a rich, brown roux around the quail.  Opening up the ingredients into the roux was like unwrapping a delicious present.  There is great Gumbo all around New Orleans; however, this Gumbo is magic, and I have been eating Gumbo since childhood.  The roux was perfectly blended, not a drop or even 1/8 teaspoon of anything that did not taste like it belonged right there.
The crabmeat beignets were served on little pools of green, white, and roasted red pepper remoulade sauces.  These crisp beauties melted on the tongue.  
The duck comfit was made up of pulled duck in a delightful dark brown sauce over a slice of buttery brioche bread.  It was so rich that we reached our limit before we could try the white crême brulée bread pudding, but we had room for the little profiteroles on a plate with "Happy Anniversary" written on it in chocolate sauce. 
We cannot wait to return, and we will never forget our first meal at Restaurant R'evolution.I had been wanting to try this place for a while and told my boyfriend one night, and he made a reservation for us as part of my Christmas gift. The reservation reminder said the dress code was jacket preferred, so we got pretty for the occasion. K wore dark gray slacks, purple polo, and a gray jacket, and I wore a black dress with a purple belt and purple pumps. We walked in to see that not everyone was as dressed up but I always prefer to be overdressed than the other way around.
We were seated right by the open kitchen, which I absolutely loved. We were presented with the wine menu, which was on a tablet. They have a pretty big selection of fancy wines but we didn't indulge. We were asked what kind of water we preferred. I think he said sparkling or flat. Last time I was asked this at a restaurant and I said flat, they brought me Evian, opened the bottle, and started pouring it before I knew what was going on. So this time I said shyly, "tap water, please?"
I was warned that the menu is big, but with K's shellfish allergies, we were limited to a much smaller menu, which actually made things easier on our first visit. The only thing we were really sad about was not being able to try Death by Gumbo.
K wanted the Beef Tartare to start with and I was excited to find the potted meats section and its awesome prices! I decided to go with the Pork Rilettes (one of my favorite things in the world) and the Hog's Head Cheese. K didn't like his tartare so much but he liked my rilettes so I let him have most of it and I ate the rest of our appetizers. The terrines were served with pickled vegetables, which were fantastic, and an assortment of condiments: mustard, pickled(?) onions (which were my favorite), fig jam, and I forget what the fourth thing was. I was just so focused on these onions I didn't care for much else.
As soon as our appetizers arrived at the table, one of the servers came around with the bread and asked what we wanted. He had multigrain rolls, biscuits, and crispy Lavash. I asked for the biscuits and the Lavash but I only tried the Lavash due to K stealing my biscuit without my knowledge till after the fact! :P The bread was served with olive oil, salted butter, and unsalted butter.
Perhaps the funniest moment of the night was when K had stepped away from the table and the server with the bread asked me if K was a Saints football player. I still think of this and laugh by myself.
But anyway, as for our main course, I ordered the Crawfish-stuffed Flounder Napoleon and K the Pork and Beans. I love napoleons and that's why I got this dish over the red snapper and pork belly. It was good but I wasn't blown away. Maybe I was too full by the time it got to the table, because I was pigging out on the terrines and the tartare and too much bread with them, but like I said, it wasn't extraordinary. K did love his pork shank, the baked beans, and the maque choux crepe. He still raves about it.
We talked about goin back and K trying maybe the pheasant or the quail and me something else for my main but definitely the rilettes again to start the meal with.
We had a fantastic experience. The only reason I took off one star is when I asked our server if they happened to have a shellfish free menu (hey, I could ask, right?) he seemed to take it personal and got back to me with a perfectly polite but sort of bitter "I'd be impressed if any restaurant had different menus for all allergies."Outstanding meal and we were not disappointed by the recommendation of a New Orleans foodie that we must eat here. The serve was gracious, charming, and attentive, and the meal was nicely paced. I started with the beet salad, which was delicious, and had the scallops and foie grass based on the many positive Yelp reviews. It did not disappoint! Tender scallops and divine foie gras. For dessert, I had the bread pudding creme brûlée, which came with cherries soaked in some kind of yummy substance. It was a perfectly balance and unusually light dessert given that it was bread pudding. We are in the open kitchen area, which was fun, and the dining rooms are beautifully appointed and perfect for a special occasion meal.Be careful who you hire for wait staff!! Poorest Service and from more than one, ALL in the Bar Area. I can't comment on the Restaurant. My Credit Card Statement indicates Revolution is a part of the Royal Sonesta Family. Maybe a nepotism clause was breached? HR Department needs a tune up here?
The appetizers and drinks were worthy of mention, when they were received.
 Not the "Love You Back" Service found at the Royal Sonesta and so many other places in the Quarter!!Absolutely fabulous! Probably the best fine dining experience I have yet to encounter to date. The restaurant is beautiful in all its decor & it's actually not loud. You can actually have a conversation without feeling like you are yelling. If you live in New Orleans then you know that most restaurant just seem to have a loud atmosphere. The service was superb! They are very knowledgeable about the menu. The waitress was very endearing considering this was my 11 year olds first fine dining experience. The food was amazing! We had the Death by gumbo & crab beignets for an appetizer. I had lobster with gnocchi, my daughter had 6 oz petite filet that was cooked to perfection & my husband had crawfish stuffed redfish Napoleon. Definitely going back!! It's obviously pricey but worth it!The restaurant is a complete experience.  Everything is 10/10 from beginning to end.  Every encounter we had with the staff was polite and professional.  The interior was beautiful and there was lots decorative variety from room to room.  
We started with the crab beignets which were absolutely amazing.  Make sure you hold on to some of your bread to soak up the rest of the 4 sauces that are left over (theyre all great).  I went with the lobster gnocchi and my wife had the shrimp and grits, both were delicious. 
The biggest surprise to me was the dessert.  I picked the appetizer so I let my wife choose the desert.  She picked the creme brulee and even though Im usually not a fan of creme brulee, this one was magnificent.  
One of the best restaurant experiences Ive ever had, cant wait to go back.Best experience in New Orleans. Food, wine and service were extraordinary. Incredible attention to details.Went to 4 nice restaurants (Commander's Palace, Cochon and Herbsaint) during my NOLA stay, and R'evolution was by far the best. Best food, location, service, ambience for the dollar. Dining rooms are all charming.  Anthony was a great server, knowledgable and even gave our group a tour of the restaurant. Will be back.There are no words to appropriately and fully describe what a great restaurant this is. The food and its preparation are incredible. Not too saucy but incredibly flavorful. The service is personal, quick, and not intrusive. The wine cellar has over 10,000 wines. I would come here again and again.Maybe one of the best meals I've ever had. The wait staff is beyond exceptional and the food, if possible, is even better. From the amazing oysters to the decadent soft shell crab, Revolution is a treat everyone in New Orleans should experience once. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. And to top it off, the homemade ice cream is absolutely incredible. Don't miss this place. Worth the price!You know it's amazing when the worst dishes (mascarpone grits) are still the best that I've had. The crab beignets were full of sweet crab, the tomato and burrata salad was so fresh and refreshing,  the torchon foie gras was balanced so well by the toast and jam, the scallops and foie gras were deliciously rich.Had a very poor experience tonight- It was our anniversary and we made a note of it in our reservation as well as a request for a romantic table. We were sat near the entrance at a large 4-top table and there was no mention of our special night, even when we mentioned it again to the server. The rib eye was poorly marbled and untrimmed and half the $50 steak was inedible as such. The lobster in the gnocchi was overcooked and chewy. Sad that this is where we chose to celebrate our special night, it was anything but special. We left feeling a bit "scammed", even though that's a harsh way to phrase it. Our money was wholly wasted here.Another absolutely perfect dining experience! Food and service always consistently top notch. Many thanks to Luis, Patrick, Travis, and Daniel for the best Mother's Day Brunch ever!Came here during our vacation to New Orleans.  I was looking for a
Good restaurant on yelp and found this one.  Really friendly staff, nice ambience, and really good food.
I had the death by gumbo which was
Fantastic.  It comes with quail, andouille, and rice.
Had the crab beignets which came with four different beignets and four different sauces.  They were very good.
I had the short ribs while my wife had the scallops with foie gras.  Both dishes were
Also excellent.
They also gave us complimentary cream puffs for our anniversary as well as a
Chest of cookies and chocolate.  
Definitely an awesome dining experience.  Left the restaurant totally filled.This was a great celebration dinner for my husband and I and I would really love to give it 5 stars but there were just a few misses...almost made up for by the hits. 
The service was pretty on point (granted... this was after we had to ask for silverware and napkins, that's a first at such a nice restaurant but they WERE very busy).  We didn't mind that part since we had been seated early for our 9:00 reservation. They didn't miss one thing that we needed after that, but I do have a habit of trying small talk with folks - and either my jokes were REALLY off last night (a distinct possibility) or the waitstaff was tired and stressed. Lukewarm at best, and conversations with them were obviously out of the question :) 
The hits: #1 Burrata and caviar was fantastic. #2 My filet was perfectly cooked and delicious, no need for sauces. #3 Wine list top notch. #4 Hands down the best chocolate souffle I've had. #5 My husband had the creole bouillabaisse and it was amazing. #6 Truffle box at the end of dinner - hello?!!! Best. Surprise. Ever. 
Misses: #1 Not the best oysters, but I have been spoiled living in Berkeley. #2 Asparagus as a side dish was rich...too rich to finish actually. 
All in all, hits completely outweigh any misses. We would absolutely return and it will be recommended to all friends.Top to bottom my 3 experiences at this place have been absolutely fantastic and might have even knocked off Restaurant August as my go-to anniversary dinner place. The last visit was so on point I felt compelled to write about the restaurant. At the end of the meal I mentioned to my friends that if they had cheesecake for desert I would have gotten it (they ordered some of the ice cream a bit later). When the deserts came out, they brought me some cheesecake as well! I was wondering what was taking them a bit to serve our ice cream and it turns out the chef made a couple mini cheesecakes just for me! It was such a nice touch to end a great meal. My girlfriend's first time here they made them wait a couple minutes past their reservation time and brought out free crab beignets as a way to say sorry. These little touches are what takes a meal from excellent to very memorable.
As for the food, my girlfriend obsesses (literally) over their truffle beef tar tar, you can definitely taste the truffle in it and I like the small bit of cayenne pepper they have on the side to add some spice. I've really enjoyed their death by gumbo appetizer. The flavor of the gumbo is smokey and flavorful, one of the best in new orleans, and its a really cool presentation combining great Creole cooking with a modern flair. The crab beignets, fire roasted oysters, and sweetbreads are also really on point as well.
For main courses, I've had the panèed veal, lobster gnocchi, and lamb rack special. All of it is really on point. The panèed veal was enourmous! And the crab salad on top cut through the fried flavor perfectly. I also love how they leave the large bone on it and you literally have to move some of your silverware around to accommodate it. The lobster gnocchi is out of the world as well. I was hesitant to order it as pasta, steak, and creole cooking is a little disparate and the focus seems to lean towards creole, but oh man was it delicious. The gnocchi was cooked perfectly, and the sauce a perfect accoutrement to it. I can only describe it as heavenly delicious pillows in my mouth. The lamb special was cooked perfectly, and the red wine sauce and whole grain mustard that accompanied it was super tasty.
The last thing I wanted to comment on was their wine selection. It is daunting how large it is, but the staff and especially the sommelier really know the wines and haven't steered us wrong so far. If you are a oenophile then you will love this place. The menu is so big they bring it out on an iPad, which is another nice touch because it makes finding the wine you want easier.
Thank you R'evolution for the memorable dining experiences I've had there!This is one of my new favorite fine dining places in New Orleans! We had a wonderful dinner. Loved the fact we were not rushed at all. We started off at the bar while we waited for the rest of our party. We had some oysters that had spinach, blue cheese, and bacon on them. The oysters were fried to perfection and all big an plump. When we finally entered the dining room its like going into a VIP area with the doors that seperate it from the bar. I had the crab benigets, which I think was the table favorite! Full of lump crap meat. Finace had R'evolution Style Oysters, and my cousin had Death by gumbo. I had the shrimp and grits like a good southern girl would due. And I was in love at first bite. Grits were creamy and cheesy! Shrimp were huge and cooked to perfection. I forget what the other two had, but they were both fish dishes. Both tasted wonderful! Last was dessert and Oh my everyone had envy of mine. I had the creme brulee bread pudding. I can't wait to go back to get this again! 
This has become in my top 5 fine dining in New Orleans. I would not miss this place! Great service, they were there right when you needed something but not overbearing.Death by gumbo an interesting deconstruction of gumbo with a roasted quail holding the ingredients before addition of a broth at table. The beer battered crab beignets were excellent, with four pieces and four delightful dipping sauces.  The fried quail and waffle was an interesting, though acidic, take on fried chicken and waffle. Generous portions, beautiful interior, great service--all in all, a victory.This was, in many ways, among the best dining experiences we've had. Each bite (and yes, we all somehow managed to taste everything that came to the table) resulted in moans of gastronomic pleasure, and there were plenty of bites to go around. The food, as it should be, was the star of the show, with each simple Louisiana ingredient being respected while at the same time gently coaxed into a better version of itself.  In this way, one can almost compare it to the city of New Orleans, relying on her foundations not just to rebuild, but to evolve into something better. That is what Chefs Folse and Tramonto are doing here. And it is truly revolutionary. 
READ MORE AT: http://www.acoupleinthekitchen.us/2012/07/restaurant-revolution.htmlAn evening of perfection. We had the pleasure of dining at the bar with Giovanni as our server. Attentive, professional and knowledgeable are only 3 of the fantastic qualities he revealed. Our meal was amazing. Since we stayed in the hotel, we had ventured out through the quarter to experience different tastes. We could have eaten here every night and still had the ability to take in all that the area has to offer. Giovanni helped us make a decision on dinner that was exactly what we were looking for and spent the rest of the night making sure our experience was nothing less than top notch. There is no question that we will be back and we will be sitting at the bar enjoying delicious food, fantastic drinks and even better service.Top rate food and service! Was recommended to me by a client. Loved our crab beignets, heirloom tomato salad and the quail, prepared 3 ways! Enjoyed talking with the sommelier who is from Chicago and had worked with Charlie trotter! Space is beautiful. Good job!Was here on February 8th. 
Pros: service & professionalism, fire roasted oysters, hoisin glazed visiting fish, education on southern etiquette (ladies, little stool is for your purse)
Cons: crab beignets (several were undercooked with a bitter raw batter flavor; rarely return anything but these headed back to the kitchen). Husband wouldn't order the shrimp & grits here again but though they were okay (going on the con side because, for the $ and hype, it should've been good)Best restaurant I've ever been to. Hands down. Whether within NYC, MIAMI or NEW ORLEANS
Service was more than excellent. The food, even better.
I would highly recommend R'evolution. Make sure to make you reservations at least a week or two in advance.I so love being able to give 5 stars unequivocally to a restaurant that deserves it.  The dishes we sampled at dinner were rich flavorful and altogether wonderful.  So, if it's all great, you really have to tickle the thesaurus to come up with the proper superlatives.  I am sure the most memorable dish was the one illustrated here and even on their website, the triptych of quail, succulent with these outrageous elements of boudin stuffing and absinthe glazing--completely over the top and delicious.  They are even served in their own triple quail formed dish.  We also tried the oyster appetizers in the salad and, by far and away the show-stopper, the fire roasted oysters in the smoked butter.  Perhaps the best restaurant meal of the year, either 2013 or 2014.
The service presents an interesting choreography.  Basically, three waiters are taking care of you but apparently each has his own set of duties, so if you ask one a question, he's liable to direct you to his colleague.  Our trio displayed a range of behavior from supercilious to very assertive to kindly, rather like a reflection of the triple quail entrée. The sweets delivered in the lacquer box at the end of the meal was a cute touch.  As to the wine list on the IPad, I see the point but it's a curious element on such a elegant table.  Jury's out there.  Expensive but so worth it.Just watched the bartender marry two different bottles of wine. Gross. Not a fan
Not 2 minute later I paid my tap and the bartender charged me $40 for a $10 glass of wine. Intentional??!Great restaurant! Loved the food, lovely atmosphere and helpful staff. One thing: make sure to dress up, dining room seems to require a dress code.Restaurant R'evolution was one of the most amazing dining experiences I have had so far and by far the fanciest experience we had while in New Orleans. Reservations here are highly recommended and there is a dress code. Your meal can also add up quickly so keep that in mind if you are on a budget. However, if you want to splurge, Restaurant Revolution is definitely worth it. 
We arrived on time for our reservation (we were a group of eight) and we were taken to a private room for our seating. I don't know how we got the room but it was really nice and we had a good view of their wine cellar. At Restaurant Revolution, service is done in a team. We had one server who took our drink order, one who took our food order, and two other staff who served our meal. With all of the people, it wasn't crowded, everything moved smoothly and seamlessly. 
We started with our drinks. Their wine collection is extensive and their menu lights up. However I decided on a cocktail which was delicious. I can't remember the name, only that it was very smooth and well made. For my meal, I ordered the crabcake fritters and brussel sprouts. Other people ordered oysters, bone marrow, and gumbo just to name a few of the dishes. While we waited, we were treated to fresh bread and different types of spreads. The bread was amazing and if the meal was anything like that, we were in for a delicious meal. 
Our food came out in stages depending on what people ordered. My crabcake fritters were tasty and came with different remoulades. Each remoulade was different but complimented the crabcakes well. The sprouts were delicious and on point. I love a good brussel sprout (a newer love in my life but nevertheless still a love). For dessert, my friends ordered ice cream to share. Then the staff surprised me with a small dessert on the house- we were celebrating my bachelorette weekend. They also brought out a beautiful box filled with bite sized desserts and chocolates as an additional surprise. That box was amazing and the treats were delicious. I had the macaron and loved it. 
Price- like I said, this was probably our most expensive meal on our trip. If you can swing it, it is definitely worth the splurge. From the food to the service, you can't go wrong.Sorry NOLA, just didn't do it for us hard core LACA folks. CA wines were paltry.  Now I may somewhat of a vino snob coming from CA but really, only a few, and at outrageous markups.  The mains were good but not great.  Wait staff terrific.  Ambience good.so very expensive and not worth it in a town with much better food at a better price point. Must admit the $50 corkage fee and $15 cocktails were a put-off. Of our 8 dishes, only 2-3 were memorable but price tag is way too high. They have a HUGE menu - cannot imagine how any kitchen could put out so many possible choices and do them all well.  This may be there problem.  Would not return.So, this was by far our favorite restaurant experience - of our life. We were there yesterday. Troy waited on us, ask for him! He let us taste wine, he treated us to a few desserts & was overall the most attentive, kindest & funniest waiter we've ever had! The owner came over to explain the differences in champagnes. How neat of him, in spite of being so busy. We got a tour of the kitchen and wine cellar! Overall outstanding & delicious food!The best dishes were the fire roasted oysters,  the mussels, and  linguine and clams. The beef daube was too salty for consumption.  The service by Maruricio was impeccable.  The restaurant itself is gorgeous.Waited 5 minutes to get a drink menu. Were informed by incredibly snooty waiter that 3 people would be taking care of us (liar). Waited Another 10 to order drinks. Finally get dinner menus. Waited another 20 minutes without being acknowledged and then we walked out. 
As I'm waiting 35 minutes to order $200 worth of food with our menus down, looking helplessly as every waiter ignores us, I got more and more fed up. 
Inexcusable.Fantastic meal! Came here for lunch on a Friday (apparently the only day of the week they are open for lunch). Amazing cocktails -- we tried the the Charred Citrus Old Fashioned, which was phenomenal -- and incredible food. We had the Fried Oyster Salad and the Death by Gumbo, and finished with cappuccinos and an assortment of their homemade sorbets. Can't wait to return for dinner sometime!Their gumbo is one of the finest in the city (and certainly within the FQ) and the quail tryptich is excellent.Had a beautiful birthday dinner here--everything was delicious but the fire-roasted oysters were spectacular. I had the lobster gnocchi (half portion) with the ribeye. The gnocchi was melt in your mouth soft with a bright, lemony ricotta flavor. It's an extremely rich dish so I'm glad I took our waiter's recommendation to have a half portion and get something else. Ribeye was cooked perfectly. I paired it with the  Brussels sprouts which were great. 
The chocolate doberge cake was phenomenal, but I dream about the cream cheese bread pudding creme brûlée. I know, it's a mouthful, but don't let the long name turn you off. It really does need all those descriptors because there's a lot going on and all of it is outstanding. 
For cocktails, the old fashioned was a stand-out. We had coffee at the end of the meal along with the jewelry box of cookies, which we could barely nibble on as we were stuffed. It was a beautiful, memorable dinner, and altogether a great spot for a special occasion or a night out.i find it hard to believe the other reviews on this restaurant are real.  its been 4 days since we ate there and im still mad about how expensive and bad the food and service was.  On a thursday evening there were very few diners yet it took 3 hours for our food service. food took forever to come out and was cold.  my fish was chewy, not fresh.  bouillabaisse was like dirty water with old dead muscles.  steak was ok.  yes the wine list was extensive but also way way overpriced.  I really hate saying bad things about restaurants as i know how damaging social media can be but we ended up at this restaurant based on social media reviews.  We had 5 more meals in NO and spent a fraction of the price and had far better food and service elsewhere.  Sorry just dont want anyone else to waste their money.I had an amazing lunch here!  My extremely polite and attentive waitress suggested the crab gruyere grilled cheese... which definitely wouldn't have been my first choice just glancing at the menu - but I am so glad I went with her suggestion!  This was probably the best sandwich I have ever had.  It was incredibly creamy and decadent.  The brioche bread made for an incredible crust - I honestly can't imagine this sandwich being any better.  They also topped it off with a pickled okra garnish which is one of my favorite things!  I'll definitely make my way back here on my next NOLA trip!Three stars are for ambiance, decor and Greg the waiter. The death by gumbo was exceptional, bolognese - somehow burnt and chewy at the same time, Brussel sprouts - soggy and burnt and the filet - um charred, burnt and raw. They were gracious enough to fire a new one. However, it was meh even a second time around. The biscuits were a bit heavy. The lavosh delicious. But, overall won't come back except maybe for a cocktail. The rose by the glass was delicious and affordable at $8. Maybe there are other things to order that are better. Maybe it was an off night. Had such high expectations. Wah!So much hype we expected greatness, but got mediocrity.  Charbroiled oysters were lacking any distinct flavor and very bready.  Petite mignon was fine, but nothing to get excited about.  Shrimp and grits was very tasty -- best thing at the table.  Brussel sprouts were overcooked.  Cured tuna was okay, but a bit of a muddle of flavors.  
We told our server -- who was very friendly, but apparently too busy to be attentive -- that we were trying to get to a play that started at 8:00.  He said they would have us out in plenty of time.   Still, it took the staff forever to get our orders in, and we eventually had to cancel dessert.  Even though it was almost 8, another very long wait to get the check.  We arrived at 6:00 for our reservation and thought we'd have plenty of time.  Not so much!  
The food seemed very overpriced for what we got.  We decided that the people who raved about this restaurant must not be from New Orleans.  Locals know you can get better food at lower prices at many other places.  Should mention that the setting is beautiful, and definitely elegant.Came here last month for my birthday- can't believe its taken me so long to review! I've only had brunch here, so I can't speak for the dinner menu, but it was fabulous! Love the interior of this building. I will say it must have been a slower day because the atmosphere wasn't too lively. But 5 stars for the food. 
The crab beignets are delicious. We had two orders of them and it wasn't enough. Perfectly golden fried, but so light. This app comes with 4 different remoulades, each one beneath a different beignet. I was selfish and tasted them all!
I had the ricotta gnocchi with lobster. It doesn't look like a large dish when your first see it- but those ricotta gnocchi really hit the spot. It's not traditional gnocchi but literally ricotta. Very rich but really pillowy. The lobster and the sauce perfectly counter the rich gnocchi. Highly recommend. i also tried the shrimp and grits  and the grillades- also delicious. Brussels are a great side. 
I'm not a huge dessert person, but everyone at the table really dug the chocolate cake and peanut butter ice cream. My personal favorite was the grapefruit and rosemary house-made sorbet- so fresh! Looking back I wish I had tried some cheesecake... Overall a great experience!Have always enjoyed the food, atmosphere, and service. Both my husband and I ordered steak entrees and we were both disappointed. My filet  was ordered medium temp and came out well done. I sent it back and the second one was cooked the same and uneven, it was mostly well done and very little medium temp. My husbands steak was quite charred. Very disappointed with the steaks and would not get again. Everything else was great as usual.OMG!!  Outstanding service and amazing food. These guys (Alejandra & Manager) turned a tooth loosening (drilling upstairs) evening dinner to a treat from heaven fit for Gods n Goddesses. Completely decadent! Get there ASAP!!!Simply amazing atmosphere! Staff was incredibly helpful and engaging. 
The burnt Sumatra old fashion may be the best drink I've ever had!I've only eaten in the bar area so I don't have knowledge of the full wait staff but based on my initial visit I have to say that the decor at R'evolution is very nice, service was decent across the board but a bit awkward (both bar servers and the bartender), and the food was good but not enough to justify the prices.  I've been hearing that the gumbo at R'evolution is the best in town but after eating the "Death by Gumbo" dish I have to say it was the darkest, thickest, richest thing I've ever eaten and should be served as a sauce in moderation rather than as a fairly large bowl of gumbo poured on top of a quail (which other reviews suggest they will de-bone for you, this would have definitely been a better way to go).  At the moment I have no need to eat this dish again, it wasn't a great start both because it underwhelmed on taste and also because it completely fills you up and makes you not want to eat another bite.
Now that we're in the best part of oyster season, another choice was the fried oyster salad which had nice crispy oysters but was made up of a couple basic lettuce wedges along with bleu cheese dressing and a strip of bacon - by far I've had much better oyster salads in town.  Finally, we decided on Sheep Ricotta Gnocchi with Lobster at the recommendation of our server - yes there was a good amount of lobster and a nice brightness to the dish but the huge gnocchi lacked much texture or flavor and overall the dish certainly didn't inspire us to order more or leave excited.
The wine list is large and the glass pours were decent, but I really expected the food and experience at R'evolution to be outstanding rather than just above average.  I have enjoyed Tru and Rick Tramonto's other restaurants in the Chicago area but for the price there appear to be many other options in NOLA where I would rather spend less and get food that is just as good or better.  Unfortunately it doesn't seem the marginal experience was due to the kitchen having a bad night, maybe we ordered badly and we'll probably be back for another try but my first impression is that Restaurant R'evolution is a nice restaurant but certainly not a revolution or a revelation.R'evolution is an elegant restaurant from by Chefs Folse and Tramonto. It is on the east side of Bienville in the heart of the French Quarter. There is a large, full bar area and a huge formal dining area that is broken up into small areas. The entire place is elegant - beautiful dark woods, lots of glass and luxurious fabrics.
The service is accommodating but not that knowledgeable. I identified that there were rancid walnuts on the venison carpaccio, and then they served us walnut biscotti with the same rancid walnuts. This was disgusting but the guy was so friendly. I was sort of surprised.
As the rancid walnuts indicate, the food was very disappointing. Because we had a large lunch, we ordered two appetizers and two sides. We had:
Charred Citrus Old Fashioned: bourbon with a housemade sugar syrup, bruleed grapefruit and graprefruit bitters. This was the best thing I had - it tasted like a manhattan. It was not overly sweet and had a nice tame citrus flavor.
Stopping Thyme: a refreshing cocktail with gin, lemon and lime juice, sparkling rose and thyme. It was herbaceous with just the right amount of tang.
Roasted Bone Marrow: two bone marrow bones, which disappointingly only had 1 t. each of marrow were served with 3 pieces of grilled bread and arugula and shaved fennel tossed with olive oil and topped with blueberries. The salad needed a little tang - from vinegar or citrus. The bone marrow bones were a little lacking and not very flavorful.
Espresso-Crusted Venison Carpaccio: a platter of thinly sliced venison was topped with minced dried fruit, rancid walnuts and thinly sliced grapes and served with a somewhat stale cracker with raw flour on the bottom. The venison was lovely - very fresh. The fruit was good. The rest was totally unacceptable.
Brick Oven Brussels Sprouts: a Staub cast iron dish was served with steamed Brussels Sprouts and lardons of thick sliced bacon. I was expecting crispy sprouts - not mushy ones. They were tasty but not as advertised.
Artichoke-Mirliton au Gratin: this was the best thing that we ate while there, but I didn't have the woody, inedible artichoke. Two artichoke hearts (only 2!) were combined with squash and red bell pepper in a cheesy cream sauce and topped with bread crumbs and baked. My artichoke heart was tender, and the other veggies were sweet and paired well with the rich cream sauce.
After dinner, they brought us a plate of cookies. Having complained about the rancid walnuts, I was surprised to have biscotti with rancid walnuts. I obviously left that. But we did split the pound cake muffin topped with chocolate balls and chopped pecans, which was basic but good. We also split the chocolate chip cookie, which was basically a butter cookie mound with two mini chocolate chips and was somewhat boring. The best bite was an almond bar, which was like a lemon bar but with an almond filling.
Overall, we were really disappointed. Were it not for the good service and the great cocktails, I would warn people to stay away.After reading all the reviews about Restaurant R'evolution I was prepared to be Wow'd, and unfortunately we were not. It was good but not great. My friend and I were visiting from out of town and made reservations here for his birthday dinner. Due to traffic we were running about 15 minutes late to the reservation. I called the restaurant 9 times to let them know we were running late and not once did anyone answer. Fortunately when we arrived the hostess let us know it wasn't an issue and our table was ready within a few minutes. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful... Great ambiance. We loved the wine cellar and the fact that we could see the chef's table and food being prepared in front of us. The wait staff works like a fine tuned machine. However, we weren't too impressed by our server. She did not explain the wine list or menu to us AT ALL... Something we were expecting at a fine dining restaurant. She rarely checked in and did not make us feel special like this was a $300 fine dining experience. The glass of wine and cocktail we ordered was very good but I was SO disappointed by the food. The turtle soup was almost inedibly salty... Not sure if it was a mistake or if they salt it that way on purpose. The potatoes au gratin was lukewarm and not appealing. Both of our steaks were a little overcooked. The server did not check in on us until much later and by that time we decided to just hurry up and eat so we could go. I did request that they do something special for my friends birthday and they brought him an eclair dessert with "happy birthday" on it and a candle. I was glad they did that... Just wish the whole experience would've been better. We were excited to splurge on ourselves and taste some incredible food and sadly RR did not quite deliver the experience we were hoping for.Great place, great drinks, great service. I had the beef Wellington which was cooked to perfection.  I also recommend the pimento cheese and the beignets ....BLUF:  It was awesome but I don't feel the need to go back.
Great atmosphere.  Feels like you are inside a southern plantation home (but then you look out the window into the FQ and see drunk people).  Good mix of clientele; rich southern daddy's boys, rich local new orleanians, and rich tourists (see the common theme).  It takes money to eat here but it was worth the splurge.
Started with a martini but cause that is my initial fancy restaurant taste test.  It was a stellar martini with high quality olives.  
Got the crab balls(?).  I forget what they really were but there was four crab like balls and each had a different sauce.  It was fantastic.  
The entrees were good but not worthy of 5 star (everything else was 5 star though).  I got the quail.  It was served 3 different ways; each was very unique and tastey.  My date got the pork with sweet potatoes and it was very good too.  
Then for dessert we got the chocolate souffle and it was awesome.  
Then to top it off they came back to the table for some lagniappe (a little something extra).  It was a doll dresser kinda thing with sweets in each drawer (about 7).  It was a really good touch to cap off a great meal.
Service was awesome too.  Great recommendations and explanations. 
Overall the place was awesome and I am glad I went.  It is pricey so I won't be a regular.  Entrees didnt blow me away but everything else did.Incredible food, beautiful decor and the most wonderful service. Will be recommending R'evolution to everyone  who is heading to New Orleans.Took advantage of the Coolinary deals on a recent visit.  Couldn't resist starting with the Crab Beignets, always start with the Crab Beignets!  Service was excellent as the summer drink specials.  I had the Old Fashioned Summer and couldn't resist a second.
As for the Coolinary, the House Salad started things off with a nice light and fresh note. The entree, Braised Boneless Short Ribs with the Rutabaga puree was a little on the small side but was plenty flavorful.  The dinner was topped off with a White Chocolate Bread Pudding Creme Brulee that was fantastic.
Sure we were drawn in by the Coolinary menu, we still spent a buck fifty before tip plus tip plus valet so not an inexpensive evening but a very enjoyable one!  Stated another way, we dined at R'evolution for under a hundred per person and we we can't wait to return.Excellent! We were seated in the area by the open kitchen. Not typical New Orleans cuisine but very good nevertheless. To start, we had the death by gumbo with stuffed quail, seafood gumbo and fire roasted oysters.  I prefer the oysters from Dragos but still very good. For dinner we had the shrimp and grits and boneless short ribs. I expected spicy shrimp but it was battered a Panko mixture. It was good but not my expectation. Very nice presentation. It was followed by complimentary dessert in a box.This is a spot you want to try out for a nice date night in NOLA. The food is phenomenal, atmosphere is perfect, and the service is outstanding. Truly was fine dinning as it should be. 
One of our appetizers was the Brick Oven Roasted Bone Marrow with pickled radish and crostini. Highly recommend this even if you are a bit afraid to explore your food palette. I like to try new things and this was my first with bone marrow. An incredible hot appetizer to say the least; get it!
My main meal was the Triptych Quail - Boudin-stuffed, Absinthe-glazed, and Southern-fried. it was my first time trying Quail. It was good and not gamey like I thought it might be. Very dark meat, smaller version of a chicken, but more tender meat.
Our dessert was White Chocolate Bread Pudding Crème Brûlée - Lemon-scented Apricots, Salted Bourbon Caramel Sauce. I'm not a big dessert fan, but dang this was good.
Our meal did not end at dessert as they brought out a little beautifully decorated mini jewelry box filled with various mini candies, treats, and desserts in every drawer. 
Folks this should be on the top of your list for a visit while in NOLA.
After a bottle of red wine between two of us we dropped $200. Fine dinning. Be prepared to pay for the great food here, but totally worth it! Thanks chefs John Folse & Rick Tramonto. I will be back.Simply amazing...from the appetizers to the jewelry box pastries. The service was impeccable. The death by gumbo was amazing...the smoky flavor of the broth was to die for. The prep chocolate soufflé was a sweet ending. Can't wait to come back again!Best service ever. Awesome.  Food good. Wine good. People awesome.  Then they reserved a table for us at Irvin Mayfield Jazz HouseI do not give out 5 star reviews often but if I could give R'evolution 10 stars I absolutely would.  ABSOLUTELY without even thinking twice.
Last minute trip to New Orleans meant last minute reservations to R'evolution so I crossed my fingers and hoped that we could get in at a decent time.  There was only an opening for 10:30 on a Saturday night but that was too late for dinner for us. Luckily they let us know that they had an 'excess' table, basically community table available still for 2 people at 8pm and seriously, we jumped on it (AND SO GLAD WE DID).
We got there a little before 8 and let the front know we had reservations at the excess table and to our surprise he let us know that he might have an opening for a private table if we wanted to wait for a little bit and OF COURSE we said yes!!  We waited less than 5 mins at the bar.  Soooo glad we waited for our private table because the food and service were IMPECCABLE that you wouldn't want to share that experience with others.
Keenan and Anthony were our servers and we wouldn't have traded them for the world. (There was one more and sadly, I forgot his name- SORRY) They were that amazing.  Great attitudes, very attentive, and very knowledgeable.   So if you can request for those two, do it!
Onto the food....
Appetizers that we shared:
Death by Gumbo- ummm, heaven in your mouth!  Perfect seasoning and perfect amount of food.  They split it for us before bringing it to the table.  So brilliant to stuff a quail with gumbo!  
Foie Gras Biscuit and Gravy- uh, after the first bite I secretly wished that I didn't have to share this with the mister.  SERIOUSLY. OMG.  Fireworks are just set off in your mouth- that's how spectacular this dish was.  I would come back just for this.
Dinner:
Hoisin Glazed "Visiting Fish"- the mister ordered this.  This is basically their version of Vietnamese Pho.  I think he wished he realized it was pho before ordering it.  Anthony did explain to us what it was however I think we were in another world when he was speaking to us since we were coming off of an appetizer high. LOL.  He liked it. 
Seared Sea Scallops and Foie Gras-  I ordered this and holy moly!!!!  PLEASE DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND ORDER THIS.   That's all I can say about that because words cannot describe something this amazing.   
Dessert:
We shared the Carrot Cake Beignets.  It's good.
We asked Keenan for Chef Folse's signature and he was able to get one of us.  YAY!  We also scored a picture with Chef Folse.
Also, do yourself a favor and go out to their courtyard.  We went out there to finish our bottle of champagne after dinner.  Perfect weather to end a perfect meal in a pretty setting.
Both the mister and I wished we had ended our trip with this meal because anything we ate after just did not compare. 
Kudos to you all at Restaurant R'evolution!Second time at this New Orleans treasure. High end delicious and creative dishes. The turtle soup  is super rich and tasty. Crab beignets are a must order- crunchy and seasoned to perfection. Our table ordered Red Fish, Scallops, Prime Eye of Rib Eye and Duck. All were 5 star. We were served many desserts (all wonderful) plus a special birthday preparation for my wife. A nice touch!    The service and setting was impeccable. It is a wine lovers paradise too.  Absolutely worth the money for this phenomenal gastronomic experience. Enjoy!The restaurant's atmosphere is perfect.  The service made them stand out among all the restaurants. The staff were informative and accommodating. They also provided an ottoman for my purse. 
The price is around or above 100 dollars per person. The food was great and totally worth the price.My favourite part was the three quails. If the restaurant was in New York, It would definitely be a three Michelin star restaurant.The atmosphere here is great! Took my mom here for her birthday! Came for Sunday brunch and really enjoyed it! The staff waits on you hand and foot. They have a small jazz band that plays in each room and they even sung her happy birthday! She felt so special. The food was great and the presentation was perfect. It's very pricey but you get what you pay for. Very pleased!Came here for dinner for our last night in New Orleans and were all so glad we did! I was with a group of ten and we were seated in a beautiful private wine cellar. The food was delicious and we were all taken care of very well by our amazing servers Travis and Collins! Our experience here was exceptional and I will be back here the next time Im in town. Thank you all for a lovely evening!One of the best meals I've had in my life. Sat at the bar, service was good, not exceptional, but the waiters from the dining room getting their drink orders seemed excellent. 
Started with a meat board, good variety, wished we had more, but reasonable. Tried the scallops and foie gras for the entree because I thought it would be an interesting combination. The scallops were great, cooked well. The foie gras had a bit of char on it, and it's richness went well with the scallops. If I get back to New Orleans, I will try to stop by again.Can't say enough about this place. Top notch service, diverse menu, great drinks. The crab beneigts are a MUST. Cajun cioppino(introduced as pot of New Orleans) will ruin you for the Italian seafood stew forever. I can now only have it with Cajun spice!
Lovely presentation for our anniversary. This place is doing it right!Did not have a good experience lady night at all. Celebrating our anniversary and a group of 7 guys came in and were loud and crude. Ask to be moved and the waiter wanted to keep us so he offered another table on the other side of them which i declined but then put us at a table that seemed to just be added to fit more dinners in. Everytime someone came in the cold breeze hit us like an arctic  blast. I had the redfish and vould not eat any of it as it didnt taste fresh and im sure the whole situation didnt help. The manager came by and ask how things were and when i told him he did ask if i wanted something else which i declined. Worst 150.00 meal ever!Went here to celebrate our honeymoon. We had a budget but were still able to really enjoy a selection of amazing dishes and cocktails. Would the Saint-sation cocktail. Gnocchi was also top notch! Service is good, there's 3 people per table and they really try to make your time there special. Expensive but worth it. Food would be off the charts stars.This was our first dinner in New Orleans so a lot was riding on this meal because we didn't want our first dinner in New Orleans to ruin the rest of our foodie trip if it was a bad experience. Since our hotel was centrally located, we decided to make the trek by foot. It was also to walk off the calories from the meal we had at Willie Mae's earlier:) 
The restaurant has that southern upscale vibe. Not pretentious but you definitely know you're at a fine dining establishment. 
Our dinner reservations were for 6:15pm, however, we arrived 15 minutes early. Thinking this would be a problem since the times for reservations were limited when we made , but we were seated immediately so not a problem at all! We were seated about two tables away from the cheese/charcuterie prep station which was cool. Our main server greeted us and introduced two others that will be assisting him with our dinner. This reminded me of my dining experience at French Laundry. 
The menu had a lot of options and was filled with what seemed to be a recurrent theme in New Orleans cuisine-seafood mainly oysters. After spending quite awhile looking over the menu, we ordered the death by gumbo, pig out board, crab beignets, sheep ricotta gnocchi with lobster, seared sea scallops with foie gras,Triptych of Quail, oreo cookie molten chocolate souffle, and bread pudding creme brulee. Our dishes came out at a perfect pace so we were never waiting for our next dish to come out. Love their version of the bread pudding creme brulee. The oreo cookie molten chocolate souffle was superb. Highly recommend getting the full portion of the sheep ricotta gnocchi with lobster. 
Taste-WOW! This was easily our best dining experience in New Orleans from beginning to end. 
Service-Exactly what you would expect from a fine dining establishment.One of the best meals I've ever had. As a vegan they were super accommodating and made me a fantastic meal. Even when they were completely packed with numerous celebrities inside they made me feel important and welcomed. I urge everyone to eat here!Chefs table offered informative and entertaining interaction with chefs. Exemplary service. Delicious food. A cherished memory. Solid bar and wine list. Could not have been happier with the experience.Came here for a bachelorette party, and had a fantastic time! Food was amazing, service was great, and all of us left stuffed and happy. We had prosciutto, crab beignets, and 5 cheese for appetizers which were all sooo good and my sheep ricotta gnocchi with lobster was to die for.There really aren't words to describe how much I love Restaurant R'evolution. I really wish I lived in New Orleans so I could go here more often, although my bank account probably appreciates it that I don't. But the old saying, "You get what you pay for," certainly applies here.
My visit was several months ago, but I haven't forgotten a moment of it. I have a serious sweet tooth, so I asked to see the dessert menu to see how many of those I wanted before I chose my savory courses. I settled on two -- the White Chocolate Bread Pudding Creme Brulee and the Melon Souffle. The Bread Pudding was very good ... I would have licked my plate if so many people hadn't been around. But that Melon Souffle was pure genius. It was light and the melon was vivacious. I wanted to order a dozen more. It was just ... wow.
I had the Corn Cappuccino. It was another one worthy of licking the bowl. The presentation was gorgeous. It comes in a small bowl and then there's a spoon filled with crab that you add to the soup. It was a work of art. And I loved the whimsy of pieces of popcorn and corn dust scattered around the plate. I also had the Crab Beignets -- two of the most beautiful words in the world. Each one comes with a different sauce, which were all perfection. 
At the end of the meal, they bring out a cute little dresser with all sorts of little sugary treats. It was a third dessert, and totally delectable.Great staff and more importantly amazing food. Of all our stops on NO this was by far my favorite. The Creole  Bouillabaisse was to die for.On a recent trip to NOLA, decided to make a reservation here based on the many reviews I have read here.   Started off with a cocktail and there were so many great options I opted to just try 3 appetizers.  
I ordered sweetbread, crab beignets, and the bone marrow.  I really enjoyed the crab beignets and bone marrow.  For the main course I ordered the scallops with foie gras which was great as well.  Unfortunately after eating all the appetizers, I had no room for dessert but I did receive a variety of little sweet treats presented in a box which were all great.  In addition to the wonderful service from everyone I would highly recommend and cannot wait to revisit on a return tripWent for lunch. pretty solid menu and heard the dinner offerings are better. However, the standard new Orleans sort of offerings (po boys, grilled oysters, etc) are better at other places in the neighborhoodVive la Révolution!
Liberte, egalite, fraternite.  Yes, that was the theme of the French Revolution--an overthrow of the excesses of the Bourbon regime.  Deeply ironic, then, that the food here is so rich that it would make Marie Antoinette blush.
Located in the Royal Sonesta, this place impresses the moment you walk in.  The atmosphere and décor is Classical French and sets the stage for an opulent dining experience.  We found the service to be excellent, from the hostess to the waiter to the sommelier.  The menus were a little bit of an incongruity, with the wine list on an iPad and the dessert menu a glowing panel.  It seemed to be a nod to the New American / Orleans cuisine that they serve.
Speaking of the wine list, it seemed to have a ballistic trajectory.  That is, rather than having a preponderance of wines at $40-$80 price points, the selection was evenly spread from the Earth to the Arcturus System.  Depending on what you are looking for, this could be a good or a bad thing.
On to the food.  The dishes included a lot of interesting combinations including "Death by Gumbo"--an inverted dish, the sizzling oysters R'evolution, crisp sweetbreads, and lobster with ricotta gnocchi.  Yes, the potatoes were too heavy so they made the gnocchi out of cheese.  I'm not sure that it made the meal "lighter" as advertised.  The more creative offerings were appreciated, and the food overall was very rich.  I did feel that the oysters were pretty standard for a high-end place--good but not a differentiator.  They had an amazing charcuterie menu (next time for me).
The dessert menu is impressive and well executed.  It's worth coming here just for that--even the sorbets and ice creams are the highlights of any meal.  Overall, this is a great addition to the New Orleans culinary scene.This restaurant might be new of few years but the history that he is carrying on Chef John Folse's shoulders is ancient and delightful.
Go for the food, stay for the Sazerac and ask few questions about the history of the Bayou.
This is a very good restaurant and do not leave before ordering the crab cakesIf you are looking to splurge on an evening of fine dining and great service to celebrate a special occasion in the French Quarter, Restaurant R'evolution is the perfect place to go. You can go spend a few hours at dinner then finish your evening off with a little fun on Bourbon Street! 
My husband and I went to Restaurant R'evolution for our 10th anniversary last year. We had exceptional service, the food was great, amazing cocktails and wine - overall, it was the best dining experience we ever had. When our anniversary rolled around again this year, we decided to spend the weekend in New Orleans and made reservations to return. The only time available on Open Table was 9:30, which was a little later than we really wanted, so my husband called to see if he could get an earlier time. At first, it seemed like we weren't going to be able to get an earlier reservation, until my husband told them that we had such a wonderful experience last year that we had to return to celebrate our anniversary with them again - from that point forward, Restaurant R'evolution took care of us. Not only did they fit us in for an earlier time, but from the moment we walked in the door until the time we left, we felt as if we were treated like royalty. Without having to say anything, every person that waited on us welcomed us back and wished us a happy anniversary. The service that you receive there is like no other. This place has literally thought of everything - for example, waiting the perfect amount of time between serving your appetizer and entrees and even how the food is brought to you at just the right temperature. Everything we ordered was delicious. We started with splitting an order of Death by Gumbo and some Crab Beignets. For our entrees, we ordered the Red fish stuffed with crawfish and I ordered the Triptych of Quail. We ended up having about 4 different dessert items, but did not pay for any of them! The first was a special little treat on a plate with "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate, the jewelry box with a different sweet treat in every drawer (I think these are complementary anyway), and two other items that we ordered. The waiter did tell us that one of the desserts would be "on the house," but we fully expected to pay for the other one. The waiter walked by and looked at our bill, he said, "Oh! They forgot to take the desserts off you bill. Let me go take care of that for you." And of course, he did! They kept telling us, "take your time and enjoy yourself. There is no rush!" We had 8:30 reservations and stayed until 11:00 pm, but it didn't feel like that long. 
I am not usually compelled to write a restaurant review (good or bad), but I felt like I needed to this time. They truly took care of us, and made us feel special on our special day!We came here for my 60th birthday.  Don't get me wrong...the restaurant is a true gem.  I had requested a special location, and for a 2 top, they have a couple of these semi-booth locations.  It was nice and cozy.  The service was truly superb.  Our waiter was Brian and he was assisted by John.  
I was a little freaked over the pricing.  I had a glass of champagne to celebrate the day and had to gag on ordering an $18 flute glass of champagne that was on the lower price end of what was listed.  The wine list was also crazy.  My husband had to actually ask him to show us bottles that were under $100 (there were many that were over $1,000)
As for food. We had the Death by Gumbo (i.e. years ago a restaurant critic said it was to die for...so hence the name)...it was okay.  Then came the famous crab beignets...I died and went to heaven with them. Husband had the rack of lamb (nicely cooked) and I had the scallops with duck confit.  It was decadent...but was regretful for that poor duck for days later.  
Again, great service but very high end.Lawd have mercy!
After a torrential downpour shopping afternoon at the French Market and Chartres St, I was damp and hungry...mostly for a glass of Chardonnay. I showed up at the front door of Restaurant R'evolution looking, hmmmmmm, not my best. More like a drowned rat, in a yellow tourist poncho, with too many shopping bags and a painting. I might as well have been pushing a shopping cart down the street.
But the host welcomed me in and I found a comfy spot at the bar. Three hours and possibly three delicious glasses of Chardonnay later, I had enjoyed their cauliflower salad and sweetbreads. Soooo good. There aren't words. I just wish I could eat that every day. Then the couple next to me ordered the boneless braised beef short rib. So I made a reservation for the next night to return with a friend.
And we ordered six dishes - everything perfectly prepared, impeccable friendly service. Then they show up with this mystery chest at the end of your meal. Each drawer contains a tiny pastry or confection, all made in-house.
I have found my food home on New Orleans and this is it. The pricing is very reasonable for the across-the-board quality and service you receive. Take my advice on this one. Laissez les bon temps rouler!I am one of the few people that left here disappointed. Turtle soup and gumbo was bitter tasting. Crab beignets were okay, nothing special. The red fish came out fishy tasting with an awful smell and the oyster sauce did not blend well with the entree. The lobster gnocchi had strange vanilla flavors. Too many flavors going on with the food. The employees were providing efficient service but some had little sense of humor. I left disappointed and hungry. I suppose my expectations were high due to the good reviews.Let me start by saying I have only given 4 stars because of price.  Brunch was an amazing experience, combining great food with great service. We spent 2 1/2 hours enjoying a citrus/shrimp salad, two egg dishes and Calabrian potatoes. So well done, we shared everything. Finished off with white chocolate bread pudding creme brûlée, heavenly! Cocktails were generous, loved the Sazerac Interpreted. Possibly the classiest brunch in New Orleans.Great service (Keith as server). Everything we had was outstanding. Very progressive creole-inspired list of dishes. We tried about everything. Sommelier was extremely helpful, we had her (Molly) pair up wine with each course, she was spot on, and explained each pairing. 
We had (in no particular order): Oysters R'evolution (raw P&J with granita and citrus, salumi "Pig-Out" board for 2 (about 10-types of chef selected charcuturie), Death by Gumbo (quail stuffed with gumbo ingredients in gumbo sauce), Sizzling oysters, Rigatoni with meat sauce, Triptych of quail (Southern-fried, Boudin-stuffed, Absinthe-glazed). 
All wonderful and spot on.Fancy place, excellent food, pricey, not good for kids all describe this place. It receives good reviews for a reason. I highly recommend this place and will go back again. Do make a reservation in advance though.
For the main course, I got the Ragu rigatoni, and my wife got the goat cheese tortalini. Both were excellent. They were also large portions, which I didn't expect. We also got the pig out board, which was also good, but more of an acquired taste. The bread was outstanding too. We planned on getting a desert, but we were stuffed after the above so we did not. If I went again, I would get a desert and skip the appetizer.Best dining experience yet in New Orleans!!! We sat at the Chefs Table and were spoiled with surprises from the chef all through dinner. Death by Gumbo knocked my socks off, the Duck was perfect, Sheep Ricotta Gnocchi with Lobster incredible, deserts unreal. Kevin gave incredible service.  Chef Chris was gracious and interacted all night with us.Thank you Alex, Nicholas, Colin and Ozzie for an amazing night! I can't think of a better way to celebrate my birthday. We let Alex pick our menu and he designed an amazing evening for us. Oysters, gumbo, scallops, duck. The only place I exerted control was on the dessert menu! Maple creme brûlée bread pudding and crunchy peanut butter ice cream. Such a fabulous and special evening.The service here has really declined since our last visit, which made our experience less than enjoyable.  However, the linguini with clams was absolutely delicious and we loved the little desserts in the box. I don't think I'd come back and spend this much money for poor service, though.I have no idea why a lot of people saying this restaurant is good, every waiter showing a poker face, like I owe their money. We had reservation but waiting for a table more than 30 mins. Not busy but service very slowly! Really bad service!!!Best place in the French Quarter.  If your looking for great food and a nice wine selection.  This place is the spot.I have been lucky enough to visit NOLA twice in four months.  May was for my mother's 85th birthday and August was to celebrate my daughter's recent successes.  Both times, I chose R'evolution.  FANTASTIC both times.  It was so good the first time, I was afraid I might be disappointed the second.  No need to worry.  From the pre-dinner cocktail in the lovely bar to the fabulous setting in the restaurant with superb service and amazing food the experience - both times - was perfect.  Crab beignets and gumbo were great; followed by tuna, a filet and the redfish.  Desserts were also fabulous.  Love this place.The tartare was delish-the best thing I ate there-but the bone marrow didn't have much marrow. Disappointing. Didn't get the third appetizer we ordered so I can't comment on the fire roasted oysters. The Creole bouillabaisse was good. Our waiter disappeared after taking our order and reappeared when asking what we wanted for dessert. He acted like he was working off a script, completely disinterested. He also didn't seem to know or, if he did know, didn't seem to care I had to flag down a random individual to ask about the missing appetizer and that that there were long delays in service. My tip was only what it was because the folks who served us our food, when we got it, seemed to be working hard. Very disappointing. Sorry we spent our last night in New Orleans here.
Julie PerkinsThe best dining experience during my four day trip to New Orleans. Fancy attire and fancy food if you're looking for something classy in the French quarter. I had the filet and mashed potatoes and it was perfection!We had an amazing meal!!!!!!
My husband had big luscious raw oysters, the best he's had in New Orleans.  I had a trio of seafood salad, outrageous with a  unique sauce for each. My husband had gnocchis that were so light in a delicate sauce. I had a righteous risotto with a wonderfully flavored sauce! Desserts were superb!! We also had a good, reasonably priced wine with our dinner. The wait staff is so attentive  and very helpful. Afterwards we were presented with more little sweets just  because! Beautiful restaurant and really worth of  cash!!There are so many wonderful places to eat in New Orleans and in the French Quarter.  This restaurant was a major disappointment.  So pretentious and chaotic sending one person after another to serve you, bread, drinks, dessert, etc.  The food was mediocre at best.  Just the night before, I had had delicious fresh asparagus, at another amazing place down the street, so I decided to have it again.  It was tough, large, and tasteless.  There was not one item of the several we tried that we would have again.  Rory was the bright spot in this maelstrom.The restaurant itself is beautiful and carries a great southern hospitality/NOLA vibe.
I wish I could rate this 5 stars, but it just didn't blow me away. The menu was good but seemed lacking a bit. 
The cocktail I ordered was phenomenal, but $25 is a bit excessive. That excessive theme carries through everything on the menu and, in my opinion. you're paying more for the atmosphere of the building than you are the food.
Don't get me wrong, the food is good...but not that good.
Compared to, let's say...Restaurant Eugene in Atlanta. I spent the same amount of money for my wife and I at each, but Eugene left me tipsed, happily full, and BLOWN AWAY with the service and quality. R'evolution, on the other hand, was very run of the mill in most aspects.
I probably wouldn't go back unless I had to, especially with all of the other options nearby!I have eaten everywhere in new orleans this is in my top 3 places!! Anyone who gives this place lower then 5 stars they must of just been having a bad day them selves! From the service to the atmosphere atmosphere omg the food was spectacular!
I tried the short ribs, crab beniegts, which were so delicious. My dish, which was the best, was the scallops & frois gras I couldn't stop eating it every bite was terrific! I love the atmosphere here I did not want to leave!A fancy restaurant with a laid back vibe. We were seated in the open kitchen area and our servers were attentive, knowledgeable, and fun (Even on super busy Valentine's Day!). Saying that the food was delectable goes without saying, but I just said it. The staff is great and the seats were...were pretty darn comfy. We will return!I truly enjoyed our dining experience at Revolution. You walk into a bar that is beautiful with all the woodwork and the fun vibe. Then you are led through glass framed sliding doors into the main dining room. Furniture is stylish and eclectic. What makes this restaurant unique are the two chefs overseeing the two kitchens (one standard and one open-exhibition both servicing the seven distinct dining rooms) - chefs Folse and Tramonto. The menu offers reinterpretations of classic Cajun and Creole cuisines. We expected to be impressed with the service and the food... and we were. Scott serviced our table and he was impressive. Courteous and helpful with the menu, he made our dining experience memorable. We were served an amuse bouche to start then Beer-Battered Crab Beignets, Foie Gras Peaches and Cream and "Pig Out" Board (we wanted to go grande, but Scott recommended the smaller one as we had too much food to start) - the portions were perfect! The foie gras was amazing... I needed a few more bites so I had to order the Seared Sea Scallops and Foie Gras served with truffle white bean purée and celery salad with Bacon Vinaigrette. Perfection! My friends ordered the Cracklin' Crusted Shrimp N' Grits and Four-bone Rack of Lamb. We added Brick Oven Brussels Sprouts with Bacon and Truffled Mashed Potatoes for sides. Suffice it to say, we were happy diners. After a meal like that, we definitely were in for a sweet ending... Strawberry Shortcake/Semifreddo... Steen's Toffee Pudding... Toasted Marshmallow Ice Cream. I could have had another helping of that ice cream. When you think you have no room for anything else, they bring you a beautiful lacquer jewelry box with drawers of more sweets (brownie, cookie, coconut macaroon, French macaron, truffles and taffy). I highly recommend dining at Restaurant Revolution. The food is amazing and the service impeccable. Oh, did I mention that they offer you a small ottoman to put your purse on while you dine right by your table. Nice touch!Gracious service by an ample and well trained team. Our large group was treated with devoted attention throughout the meal. Not stuffy or overly formal. 
The food had an authentic character, was presented beautifully, and was delectable. Overall, a memorable meal and great experience.Had dinner here last night with two work colleagues. Two of us had the boneless short ribs and both of us thought they were excellent. Very tender with a great flavor. Our other colleague had the Traveling Fish and reported it was excellent as well. Crab beignet appetizer was great as well.  We all enjoyed the atmosphere and the service was outstanding. The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the selection and pricing on the wine by the glass. Most glasses were over $15 with several over $20. Ouch!This  restaurant  puts  the  "fine" in "fine dining". The food  and  service  were  outstanding. We started  with  an excellent  amuse  bouche  of tuna  tartar, followed  by  tuna crudo  and crab beignets  for appetizers. For entrées,  pastrami spiced tuna, boullabaise, and a "small" order of gnocchi  with lobster. For dessert  we chose  a trio  of  housemade  sorbets, a refreshing  end to a memorable  meal. Well, we thought  it  was  the  end - a selection  of  housemade  confections, beautifully  presented  in a jewel  box, appeared  at the  table. Unfortunately, you have  to  leave  the  box.Three letters: OMG 
One of the BEST meals I've had in a long long long time!!  
So we did a yelp search and trip advisor. Both had  rave reviews. We were a bit skeptical, however.  How could a "hotel restaurant" be that good?  
We did a search of the chef and found he's got a stellar reputation.  Thus, decided to give it a try. 
So glad we did!  
Everything was scrumptious
Started with the Crab Beignets.  They could be a meal. Sooooo good. 
We then had the Squash Soup.  Sublime. 
The Oysters on salad greens was yummy ...though I'd prefer the greens be torn v full leaf. 
The Scallops and Foie Gras were magnificent. Truly. 
We had the Grits and Greens ~ they're not the standard recipe, but were very good. The greens had a great flavor but were a teeny bit watery 
My only complaint was the soufflé wasn't a soufflé?Amazing food and friendly service. the Caviar was fantastic. Sashimi salad awesome. Highly recommend!Who dat????? This place is Amazing!!!!! Brook/Tina team are wonderful!! The venison carpaccio, beef tar tar, frog leg risotto, quail are all to die for!!! We had such a great time. Remember to ask for a kitchen tour. It will blow you away! 
Thank you to the amazing kitchen for treating us to a superb dinner! We will be back and send any and everyone we know who come to New Orleans.