Simply delicious! Cute coffee shop downtown New Orleans. If you want good coffee with out all the extra fluff, go here! 
Vanilla Latte w/ Almond milkReally good! I love that their menu is short and simple and showcases the coffee over added flavors. (This is not Starbucks.) I'm visiting NOLA for a conference so obviously needed to find good coffee. I used a Yelp coupon for a free drink and they made me an artfully crafted and delicious cappuccino that perked me up right away. It's a small place but there's free wifi and I will be back while I'm in town to try adding some chocolate to my espresso-yum!Amazing gourmet coffee, extremely delicious.  delicate touch on interior design, superb quality. From the espresso cups to the minuscule espresso spoons, a truly delightful experience for the coffee conoisseur! Highly recommended!!Very good coffee (espresso-based at least, I don't drink pour-over usually) and excellent bagels (fluffy, not dense) and pastries.  Atmosphere is also very good (tastefully modern).  I would give five stars except both times I've been here there have been too few people working.  The first time was a few weeks back during the AM rush from a large academic conference and there were only two people working.  The line was deceptively short, probably because people gave up and left after long waits.  Most recently I visited between Christmas and New Years and there was only one person working the front and and the espresso machine/pour-over apparatuses.  The line was short, but I saw some people leave because of the long wait.  Both times I've been there, the people working were very efficient, there just weren't enough of them.Had to try out this wonderdul, female-driven space in the CBD (Viva women enterprueneurs!). Both the interior design and the menu are spartan: just five coffee items on the menu and a few revolving pastry selections from Gracious Bakery. The staff is informative and friendly. If you tend to shiver from the meat-locker level A/C, there's compliementary shawls to use while you're enjoying your brew. 
My pourover was delicious, and kinda' sad it's not closer to home. So the question is....
Why four stars?
IF you want dairy in your coffee, as I am want to do, there's only two options: whole milk and almond milk. That's wonderful for vegans, but I want half & half for my pourover. All. The. Time.A serene space to have wonderful espresso based drinks, pastry, bagels etc. You can really tell that everything in there had been curated to be the best of the best.My latte was expertly prepared. Nice to look at and nicer to drink. Sweet & smooth with a pleasant aftertaste. The venue is cool too; understated charm.  I wish this coffee shop was in my neighborhood. I'd be a regular.Micah is the man! Order anything on the menu, they make it all very well. I started coming here every Sunday when my ship is in Port and haven't stopped. The Cold Brew is fantastic. The music and wifi are superb. And the staff are always a friendly group of coffee connoisseurs. Keep it up guys!Great space and location, minimal options for coffee, no sugar except agave or raw sugar, only whole milk or almond milk, 10 minute wait, decent slightly bitter coffee, steep price.   I am confident that they will get a great local following, but if you desire a quick cup with sugar and half and half, this isn't the option. If you are looking to sit down with a cup or tea, excellent space and good location to do it in but if you are on the move and want a large coffee, you probably want to move on.I'm from Houston and I'm here visiting New Orleans for a few days. This place has amazing Columbian black coffee! Beautiful shop with exciting modern decor. Good job guys!Cool spot with really good coffee. You order the amount of milk you want with your espresso shot to make your custom latte, but know that they don't add more espresso shots with the larger amounts of milk. So if you want a bigger cup, make sure to add in more espresso otherwise it's just a cup of hot milk with coffee flavoring.I really wanted to love this place. The interior space is well thought out, gorgeous, and calming.
But what I came for the coffee was burnt and bitter. The almond milk was overheated and it separated. 
Your barista's need more training. 
There are far better options in NOLA.Their cold brew was freaking good.  Place was cool inside and they had the cleanest bathroom out of all the places we went in NOLA.  
They had two barista working.  The tall, cross dressed barista was very nice and informative.   They had another barista who was short and bearded with glasses who wouldn't let us take a pic of the place for some reason?  Overall, a very nice cozy coffee store and def recommend.Love the space, very relaxing! Had a Costa Rican pour over, it was very smooth and tasty. Cheers!Great little coffee shop serving up some fine coffee.  
This shop reminds me of the coffee shops back in Denver.  Their house made syrups are unique and delicious and I would highly recommend the honey cinnamon syrup.  
My hubby got an iced latte with that house made syrup while I had a cold brew with a splash of cream.  The cold brew was smooth, strong and had a subtle sweetness to it.  
They also serve pastries, tea and an array of pre-bottled beverages in their cooler.I really like this place and wish there was one in my neck of the woods. The atmosphere is can and quiet so it's an ideal spot to get some work done. 
I ordered an iced latte and it was the best one that I've ever had. It wasn't bitter like some coffee drinks can be; waayyy better than any franchise coffee that I've had. If you're in the area I'd recommend trying it!Great customer service and great coffee.
I had a drip coffee and it was very aromatic and smooth. Not watered down and just dark enough. Husband had a latte- it was a tad bit milkier than what I would have liked, but the temperature was just right and had a very nice flavor. Not only were their drinks crafted with care, the interior of this place is also beautiful. Enough seats/power outlets to work and enjoy caffeine. Great establishment.I ordered the La Huaca pour over coffee and it was absolutely delicious. Some of the best coffee I've ever had. BUT. The person in this picture I've posted had to have been the rudest person I came across in New Orleans. I'm not sure wether it was pretentiousness or straight up just not liking my face, but I know pretentiousness when I smell it. I live in Los Angeles where people like this girl are pervasive. I also work in Hollywood (Lanwhere the cream of the crop of pretentiousness exist. Too good for the regular public. When leaving this place, we apparently had to drop off our dirty plates into an unmarked white bin. We did not know this and she barked at us that we had to drop off the dishes. Very sorry we didn't know the rules. The other gentleman working with her was quite the opposite, very nice and welcoming. It's too bad a bad apple like her has to rot the entire tree.so i thought i was a bad coffee drinker when i didn't like my snobbish coffee black, but with a splash of soy milk -- after reading the yelpers' comments here, it seems like i'm not the only one. minus one star for being unable to add soy milk to my coffee. 
revelator is what has been described: ultramodern and super minimalistic. watching them brew their tea was like watching an experiment. and their coffee is definitely individualized - i love that they take the time to make each cup as it is ordered, but then again, i'm a tourist in new orleans. this place might not be the best if you're on the run, since you'd be ripping your hair out as the barista carefully pours water over the chemex. 
of note:
- yes, they only have a few items on the menu, but i had a choice between 3 different types of coffee beans and roasts
- very little seating options, but the tables have a blanket and they each have a cute little succulent plant on the tableNew Orleans location IS the greatest location!!
I absolutely adore this place... They are so knowledgeable about their product and love sharing their experiences with the different roasts... Ghiselli and Zack are the greatest baristas I've ever met.  They engage you in conversation as soon as you walk in the door and make STELLAR recommendations... This is the reason why I continuously patronize Revelator and strongly encourage friends and hotel guests to go there.
  I've been to the Revelator in Birmingham and was pleased to have access to the product, but the service, though great and kind, were not as personable as the New Orleans crew.  If I frequented the AL location as much as I frequent the NOLA location, I would most likely feel differently. AGAIN, the crew in AL is great, but New Orleans has rock stars!!!
  I highly recommend the cold brew or the pour overs!  Everything is great there!!!
  Ghiselli and Zack make killer coffee and are extraordinary hosts.  By far, the best coffee shop in Louisiana!!!Overpriced, so-so coffee + food and rude baristas who respond to "Thank you!" with "Yeah." 
No room for this nonsense in New Orleans.Am NOT a coffee drinker. 
Had little sleep the night before.  Did a short run from hotel and stumbled upon this place. 
It was so bright and airy ...with just the right amount of "funk" that I stopped. 
They had this special of orange juice, fizzy water and espresso ...I think that was the ingredient list. What I know is that it was YUMMY. The flavors balanced perfectly. Orange Dreamsicle with a hint of coffee.Yummy honey lavender latte! Great froth and flavor throughout. Loved the minimalistic design they incorporated throughoutSimple options of superb pour overs of the day. attentive, friendly staff in a stylish, comfortable atmosphere that doesn't detract from the products. Very nice find in a city that is rife with over indulgence of alcohol, fried food, and laissez faire.
Definite recommendation for those who appreciate good coffee outside the coffee king giant franchises.Great coffee. Amazing tea. Above average. But sort of a somber depressed minimalist attitude.  Not very cheery in the morning.Revelator is a cool spot in downtown. They have the best espresso machine in town, so if you want an espresso drink, try it out there. The place is clean and sleek, and very simple. It's a good place to spend an afternoon, but seating is limited, so be prepared in case it's packed. Overall, great spot!The cold brew is on point. They have syrup at the cream and utensils station that works great when sweetening your cold coffee. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone staying in the area.
I did realize I didn't notice it the day prior to going there. It doesn't have an obvious store front or a sign out from the building. They're next door to St James Cheese Company, with a grey front, which can help you find it easilySimple menu of high-quality offerings, including both topo Chico *and* mountain spring sparkling water to accompany your delicious espresso. Nice to see the bar for coffee being raised in NOLA!Outstanding taste of coffee. Revelator really knows how to differentiate itself from other local coffee shops. Great service as well! One of my favorite coffee shops in New OrleansGreat cold brew. Superb hangover cure. Always seems pretty dead when I stop in but that just means quicker service! Beautiful space too.The woman that helped me was great when I ordered an Americano. Super limited menu and a large is about 10 oz.  Then the guy working there, (owner/manager?) told the lady that took my order that "he just wants a watered down espresso" in a pretentious tone.    Not going back even though the watered down espresso was good.The best coffee in the warehouse district! I love this place. Everyone who works here is so accommodating, friendly and welcoming. I'm in town working for a month and by my second visit in, they already remembered my coffee order. I'm obsessed with the clean lines of the beautiful interior design. It's comfortable, minimal, and they have incredible selections to offer, whether you're on the go or feel like hanging out for a while!Really beautiful coffee shop on the inside, and I really wanted to like it. Their hot chocolate was 4.50 and maybe 6 ounces. I don't know how they make it but it tasted like water with one tablespoon of chocolate powder. It tasted terrible. 
There's like 4 things on the menu all expensive. At least put every effort into making those 4 things as best you can instead of wasting my time writing a Yelp review.Coffee is pretty good. Atmosphere is bright, white tables, lots of light. Exposed brick, clean lines. Donut was good.The latte was good I have to say but the atmosphere of the store wasn't that good.. I had to wait for more than 10 mins to get my coffee!I'm all about the scene. Ambience is modern, fresh and thoughtful. They have lots of little gifts you can take away like the plants, bagged coffee and coffee accessories and candles. The staff is friendly and informative with a good attitude. And they have a cooler with quick grab fresh bites and juices if you're hungry. I had my coffee as a cafe au lait and took the recommendation of the guy at the counter. Was brewed in the chemex and exceptional.Had coffee from here the past three morning snd its absolutely delicious. I had the vanilla latte with almond milk! Wish this was in my neighborhood.Keeping things simple.  Took advantage of yelp offer and ordered a chocolate latte, 10oz.  Nice and subtle; not overpowering.
Other places will do coffee / chocolate very well but flavors will dominate the drink.  Here the mix is smooth and consistent.  I suppose stronger flavors can be had-i didn't ask.
I liked the latte as it was.Fantastic place if you actually like coffee, as opposed to milkshakes that contain coffee. 
Walked in and ordered a coffee. The young man behind the register said "ok... I have 3 to choose from." He the proceeded to paint the most beautiful descriptions of these 3 coffees. I honestly wanted to order all 3. 
I went with a Cambodian coffee that had dark chocolate and orange notes. I had it black and it was absolutely stunning. It has so many complex flavors. No need for milk! They also don't brew the coffee too hot. 
They do pour-over coffee, some espresso drinks, and loose-leaf herbal teas. Definitely check this place out!incredible design sensibility? check.
hands down the best loose tea selection in town? check.
cutesy blankets to cushion your tush from the minimalist steel chairs? check.
superb espresso drinks done right every time? ehhh, not quite.
revelator has all the bones of a bougie third wave coffee shop a la intelligentia (chicago, LA), or peregrine (DC). however, the barista training is uneven - sometimes my espresso shot sings like a mariah carey soprano circa 1996, and sometimes it's adele at the grammys.
they recently *finally* added soymilk to the menu, because let's face it - almond milk espresso drinks are like gluten free cupcakes - great for those who need them but torturous for everyone else.  however, the training didn't come with, and their soy drinks are muddled with terrible milk texture and burnt flavor.  for precision drinks with any milk, check out cherry coffee. for ambiance and great food to boot, revelator is the place to be.Eh. It's not too good. If you're in a caffeine bind it's ok but this place doesn't live up to comparable coffee shops offering similar. Would look elsewhere.Loved this coffee shop! Very friendly employees, modern design, good coffee with lots of options. Not really any outdoor seating, but a few tables inside.Great coffee and super nice people, very relaxed atmosphere, a must visit, great tunes!Visiting New Orleans and wanted to grab coffee outside of the hotel to get a feel for the place. Came in for an iced coffee. Very clean and friendly. Also needed to use their wifi and had no problems, excellent connection. I'll definitely come here during my trip.Great coffee but no customer service skills. My family and I were visiting from California and it would be nice to have conversation and some tips on where to visit but the attitudes are like here's your coffee and get out of our faces. It's too bad coffee was great.Wonderful espresso and milk drinks. Great minimalist, but open feel to the shop and those Slayer machines produce the best espresso in the city.   I grab an espresso from here maybe 2-3 times a week and service has always been quite good.  Pour overs are good too.  No complaints.  Really on another level from some of the more well known local shops (PJ's, CC's, Royal Blend..etc)Good coffee but not great. I went on multiple occasions. It has a nice atmosphere and the staff was helpful. I'm not a huge fan of medium roast coffee though and that is what they serve. You do need to allow some time for the pour over also.Revelatory is sparse, that's the only way I can describe it. Only a few options on the menu. No Splenda or packaged sweetener options. Only their homemade simple syrup. Expensive for small cups of coffee. Staff was friendly but just wish they had more optionsThis is one of the best coffee shops I have ever visited. The space is bright, airy and welcoming. The service was very chill but prompt and friendly. I'm a coffee snob and was thrilled with the iced coffee on a hot New Orleans afternoon. I was drawn to the store by the delicious smell wafting into the street and was delighted with the décor/ design inside. 
This is a new favorite for all of my New Orleans vacations!Went there 3 times when i was in New orleans. 
I tried their pour over which had so much flavor. 
a 6 oz cappuccino with chocolate which was pretty good 
and a 10 oz latte with almond milk. 
they all had good flavor, but nothing that made it stand out above other coffee shops.Modern, clean, and fresh ambiance, cold pressed juice, incredibly knowledgable baristas, and the best espresso I have EVER HAD. They offer almond milk, which is great for vegans, dairy allergies, lactose intolerance, and health nuts.
The baristas told me all about the undertones and flavor of different beans as well as their countries of origins and roasting dates.The counters have guide books to New Orleans and other books to keep you occupied.
It's a must-stop in New Orleans.Love, love, love this place! Beautifully smooth espresso (I got the espresso and 6oz of milk) made to perfection. I'm a bit of a purist when it comes to espresso and do not enjoy added sugar or syrups...only need those additions if you are trying to cover up low quality or poorly extracted espresso.  The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. Love picking up their whole bean coffee for my home brew!A small coffee shop with good coffee however is probably too yuppie European for my taste. It is awkwardly sterile and only has a small selection. I imagine this is where the Icelandic hockey team from The Mighty Ducks went after the game to sulk.Tried their expresso with milk and loved it. Also learned about cold brew and was given a sample. I never drink iced coffee, but it was actually quite good.  Very pleasant atmosphere to sit and sip.A delicious latte! The steamed milk was sooo creamy and the perfect temperature to start sipping the minute I got it. The only negative: it wasn't big enough! I wanted more!!!I was in town with my husband for a work event and needed a place to get some of my own work done before the weekend. I've been wanting to try out the Revelator Coffee in my city so when I saw this one was a block from my hotel, I decided to check it out. This place definitely had more positives than negatives so I'm torn between 3 and 4 stars. Let me lay it out for you:
Coffee - Delicious. I don't usually drink coffee but needed some caffeine so I had an almond milk latte. I drank the whole thing and didn't even need to add sweetener! My only complaint would be it tasted slightly decaf-y. (That slight salty note? But the barista who made my drink left soon after so I didn't get to confirm this with her.)
Tea/Tisane - The options that they have seem great and my cup of the licorice blend was very nice. However, they do not have a caffeinated tea option and that is huge for me when it comes to cafes/shops.
Wifi - Easy internet access. Awesome. Though there were not many outlets for charging computers. But I can't really hold that against them; I understand wanting to move traffic along however since I was out of town and needing to work, I had to move tables (not a big deal) to reach the outlet. And I made sure to make several purchases during my time there.
Overall atmosphere - It was nice, clean, minimalistic. Though it could have used a touch more color. (Even photographs of coffee or coffee beans on the wall above the seating area would do.)
Baristas - Baristas were good with the coffee but some came across slightly pretentious. (And I know I can too.. But a slightly friendlier vibe wouldn't hurt. Remember to not assume people don't know about coffee. Baristas are teachers. And teachers sometimes have to get on the bottom level with the student before moving up. This is what I tell myself.)
Random plus - I loved that they had blankets to use when it was cold! I always get cold, so thank you! :)
Another note - If you want good, clean coffee, come here. If you want a drink with added sugars and flavors, this is not your place.Beautiful chic coffee shop near the hotel we were staying at and I wanted to stop by to try the coffee. Prices are higher (as mentioned by previous Yelpers). I ordered a latte to go and it was decent, but not amazing.Y'all. This place is awesome. It's space is very airy and welcoming. It's modern but still has a bit of a rustic vibe. The baristas are SUPER friendly which I feel like is rare in urban cities like NOLA. I've been in many a coffee shop where the baristas are snobby hipsters, but that's not the case here. Alex and Jess were behind the counter and they were incredibly friendly and helpful. I had their cold brew which is nice and dark. I haven't tried their other drinks, but I'll definitely be back. Free WIFI btw, which is always a plus!Coffee is good.  Pretty disorganized service, though.  Pastries are good.  I had pastelito.  I'd say this place is serviceable.  The best quality is that it provides you coffee when you're eating spectacular cheesefood next door at St James Cheese Company, which is awesome. 
This is a very generous 4 star rating.  Revelator needs to up its customer service game.Fantastic coffee and a lovely space but horrible acoustics. If you are trying to complete some work that requires focus, this is not the place to go. It wasn't very crowded when I went, but everything felt very loud. I would only recommend if you are answering emails or meeting up with a friend!Only one size coffee.  I don't drink the fancy drinks, just coffee, and i like a large cup.  It's the tiniest cup of coffee and I wasn't impressed with the flavor either.  The lighting is dull and so is the decor.  I probably won't ever go back.   There's so many other places to choose from. 
The guy working behind the counter was super nice, good service!  He saved my my rating from a one star to 3 stars.  Good job guy!I am staying at the Loews Hotel near this cute coffee shop so I stopped in this morning at 7 when they opened.  There was one other customer in the shop- she placed her order on an apple square facing the customers and then went and sat down.  I was unfamiliar with doing this so I stepped aside and let the man who had just walked in go in front.  He started to use the square when the guy behind the counter came over- spun it out of his hand and said I'll help you when I'm ready and walked away.  It was very harsh and rude.  We both just turned and walked out.  Just around the corner is a second shop- Pulp and Grind- I went there and they had a big line of people and great, welcoming service.  I would not recommend Revelator Coffee- they are really awful.Modern coffee shop, kinda hipster like all coffee shops. Very simple menu - milk, coffee, iced, tea, add chocolate. That's it. Some pastries and small salads in cooler. Knowledgable and helpful staff. Sell fresh whole beans.Amazing modern coffee shop in New Orleans. Super nice staff and great coffee. Had a beautiful Ethiopian cold brew and they use a very wholesome milk direct from the farmers.This place, from its coffee menu to its design is simple yet precise.  Don't come here for a frappachino or something with pumpkin spice. This place sticks to the bare bones basics coffee and espresso and presents it in a thoughtful manner.
The staff were professional, warm to clientele and extremely knowledgeable about coffee and helpful to the occasional tourist.Super sterile and uninviting environment. I ordered to go (which wasn't the plan) and the coffee was OK but they need to add some warmth to their decor and service.One of the best pour overs in New Orleans!! Standout coffee, artisan flavors and a swag vibe... Nice work!Stopped in during my lunch break for jury duty to get some caffeine. I got a 6 oz. espresso with milk. The espresso was very smooth and the service was extremely quick. The presentation was very nice as well.Wow.  This coffee is really really really good.  perfection comes to mind when describing the overall experience.  I love the modernist space and clean lines.This is a coffee maven's coffee shop. It's on par with top drawer purveyors like Intelligentsia. Espresso is made with a medium-roasted Central American coffee which is smooth and cocoa-like without being bitter or tasting burnt. The baristas are masterful with the latte art and their technique produces great crema. They also do terrific brewed coffee and have several Chemex pourover setups ready to go. Revelator does their own roasting as well. The decor is classy modern and relaxing. Recommended especially if you are serious about coffee or enjoy it as it should be done.The cold brew was fantastic and the empanadas were really tasty. I love exploring quiet, local coffee shops while I'm visiting a new place. Definitely one to check out!The pour over is great I may never sleep again but who cares  the service was great and learned a lot about coffee.Easily one of the best coffee bars I've come across yet.  During our first visit, I ended up befriending Casey, one of the baristas who turned out to be damn cool and a seriously foodie.  Case in point, she gave me and my friend the best restaurant and bar recommendations by far and nailed it on nearly every one.
But back to the coffee, I loved the variety of single origin roasts here and I couldn't believe how affordable the Chemex pour overs were.  Each carefully made and you can actually get a complimentary one via the check-in offer.
The bar is the place to settle in to enjoy the black gold and chat it up a bit with the baristas.  Suffice it to say, we made more than one visit here and it stands as one of my all-time favorites for coffee.Great selection and baristas that know what they're doing. I'd say my favorite coffee shop stop in NOLA. comfortable vibe.. not too crowded.5 stars for location and ambiance - very cool - great relaxed vibe
Order water or maybe tea!
1 star for their espresso - we are espresso snobs and whatever they were serving is not an espresso roast. We choked it down and thanked them for the show but we won't be back. The only reason they get a single star for the espresso is that their actual prep and delivery of the espresso was great - just something very wrong with the bean or the roast.Love this place! It's a perfect little treat to get on work afternoons! It's very clean & inviting and the coffee is delicious.Delicious coffee. Tastes, looks and feels like Seattle :))
I recommend their cappuccinos (no more than 6oz). And you may ask for extra hot... It was cost than I prefer.Had a cold brew and it was great. Nice service too. We hit it in the late afternoon on a week day not long before close so there wasn't a whole lotta vibe to check out but the place was clean and modern.That iced coffee is amazing! So many aromatic notes in it which the simple syrup and splash of half and half actually helped to bring out. Super clean modern space with cute hipster deco. I wish there were more accessible charging outlets as that's what I usually frequent these places for: phone and coffee recharge.
They have light reading available to complement their solid simple menu. I have a feeling lots of the other things on the menu compare just as well in quality. A bit on the pricey side but worth enjoying if you want to treat yourself out with something.I take my coffee and the process/brewing seriously, so I'm a bit harsh, but it seemed like they were cutting corners a bit and not really pushing to be the best. Therefore, 3.5 stars. 
Fancy looking shop, but I'm here for coffee and experience, which wasn't anything that would make me go back.
I brought it to 4 stars due to the nice guy who help me switch up my cortado cup.I ordered a 6oz espresso with milk. The coffee was wonderful, with a nice depth. I had it at the wood bar. The entire aesthetic of the place is on-point, as are the knowledgeable staff. I'll be back on my next trip to town!Okay coffee and little selection of pasties to go with. 
Nice place and nice service. I would put more effort in brining more varieties of coffee and have more fresh pasties& cookies go with them.Hands down, this is my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans. The staff is always friendly and the service is impeccable. The coffee variety is one of the most diverse I've seen. The iced latte with chocolate syrup (mocha) and almond milk is liquid dessert. Definitely a must whether you're a local or just passing through!I was looking for something to drink and stumbled onto this little gem.  It's got a great vibe and atmosphere,  the 60's music playing in the background was a great juxtaposition to the sleek modern interior.  I was indecisive even though, like the decor, the menu was minimalist and right to the point. I got a cold brew and it was so tasty, I take my coffee with cream but when I sipped some off the top I probably could have enjoyed this without adding anything else.  I got a pastelito and it was divine and such a good taste pairing with my coffee. I highly recommend this place to anyone passing through New Orleans. Will defiantly stop in again when I'm in town.Staying at Loews hotel and found the best coffee shop right around the corner. Drip is excellent though they do have pour overs. Also got a fresh yogurt and homemade granola - just enough of a healthy breakfast portion. Shop is also very clean, bright and nice. Thanks for a great cup of coffee to start off my day!Probably the best coffee shop we went to in NOLA. They have just about anything you'd want, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and the place is super clean and modern. Loved their iced coffee. Bathrooms were nice too!Completely overrated! Coffee is average at best, and they don't serve a larger than a 10 ounce cup of coffee or any other espresso drink. (that's the size cup of coffee you get on an airplane ... and kind of tastes like it too) They don't offer milk or cream, almost no pastries. Better to go someplace else.Quick little cute spot! I got a chai tea latte soo good I should have gotten a bigger cup! Love the location too.cool little place. nothing special. got an iced latte. but they forgot the coffee. too milky and bland. check it out.I just moved into the area and came in here for what I figured would be a simple cup of coffee and left with so much more. My barista was so knowledgeable and happy to talk to me about all my questions about the pour over process. You have a new customer for sure! Thank you Ghiselli (sp? Lol) I love the decor too!! Very cool place!Y'all, their iced coffee tastes like soy sauce. Not into it. Well maybe I'd be into it if I were at sake and were eating sushi and could appropriately use this "iced coffee" as soy sauce.Ordered an americano misto - they did one shot of espresso instead of two. Was totally watered down...ew. Cute place but crappy coffee. Go around the block instead to Pulp & Grind - 100x better. P&G also has food!As my buddy and I started our way back home to San Antonio, we looked up this coffee on yelp. Its located in the warehouse district, just right on the other side of canal st from the french quarter. Once we entered we were welcomed with a warm smile from one of the batistas. The look inside is a clean modern industrial look. Great place to ck out if you are ever in the area.Best espresso in town. If you actually know anything about espresso, you will know they have the best machine in town. If you don't know this, stick with Starbucks 
Their iced coffee may be the most potent in terms of caffeine. We're talking cold brew iced coffee. Great flavor and all around refreshing experience.
Great pour over coffees as well. I prefer anything Ethiopian.Had a cold brew and it was great. Nice service too. We hit it in the late afternoon on a week day not long before close so there wasn't a whole lotta vibe going on.If you are in the area, stop by for a cup or specialty drink. I order a Redeye to go. The place is super clean and the Bartistas are sweet and cool.Very low-key and easy to miss shop, producing top notch Espresso and coffee drinks. I had espresso and their daily special empanada Two days in a row And both times they were on point. Just like any other gourmet coffee joint. I noticed service could be a bit slow but what the heck, you are in big easy and there is no rushing this delicious coffeeIf you care about quality coffee in all of its various forms and excellent service you owe it to yourself to come here. Just a short walk from the convention center, you won't be disappointed.My almond milk latte was tasty, but the temperature was tepid as opposed to hot. For some reason, baristas at specialty coffee shops do not like to give me hot milk. It's a bit frustrating. I also enjoyed sitting outside sipping and reading. That is, until the sun decided to come out from behind the clouds and shine on my parade. I'd return during my next visit to the Big Easy.Simple menu. Strong and good espresso. Great lattes and cappuccinos. My suggestion: get an almond milk latte.
There are tables with outlets at each one, and free wi-fi. Great for getting some work done while you sip that latte. I guess my only gripe would be that they don't have any real food options. But that's okay when the coffee is this good.Very simple menu but make no mistake, the coffee is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!! Staff was very polite and facility was super clean! The mocha coffee was very creamy but not heavy and not too sweet. My drink was perfectly made  with a heart on topDefinitely a revisit tomorrow :)Incredible. It's like someone lifted the nicest coffee shop in San Francisco and placed it in the middle of NOLAI am not a coffee snob.
My first time here I was in a hurry and didn't realize they did only pour overs.  I realize that pour overs (and nitro) are the latest thing in coffee shops but it's a little on the fussy side IMO especially when you don't want to wait minutes for your coffee.  The single source coffee was very tasty though.  I like being able to sample different countries.  Peru, Rwanda, El Salvador.
I went back in a more relaxed frame of mind and enjoyed my stay.  It's a modern space, exposed brickwork/ducting etc.  Nice vibe.
Shout out to them for having King Cake.Great breakfast coffee and pastries to start the day!  They start at 7 am.  We had an rxpresso+milk and empanada to start day.Nice coffee place. They take their bean seriously. Simple menu. Drip, pour over, espresso. Get a pour over choose from about 4 varietalsVery good coffee. Food is not quite so good. The muffins are genuinely bad. But, the coffee is good and the wifi works well.Delish espresso...great crema.  I do wish they had a bit of half n half though. Prices are good, and the interior and atmosphere are posh. We'll be back.Professional, friendly, helpful staff. Brewed, pour over and cold press options. Modern fresh look. Some outdoor seating. Loved it.Shop is hipster as a suspender-clad owl sporting a handlebar stache.  Which is slightly funny because it is a chain, as they have locations in other cities outside of Louisiana.  That being said, their coffee is eh, with a side of meh.  No sugar or pack sweeteners (Even stevia? C'mon pretentious youths!) only simple syrup, which is either made with agave or is otherwise bitterly infused. If you're looking for a simple cuppa joe, you need not attend. Unless you like your java served with jaded, disenchanted irony.  One upside, they are reasonably priced, at least the few things they offer.  I'm not knocking minimalistic menus, mind you, if you do something well, then showcase it, obviously.  But just make damn sure that you actually do it well, and you don't just pretend you do because you like to think Mark Kozelek would dig it.  Tl;Dr : Middling hard.Absolutely delicious coffee! Very good service and a comfortable atmosphere. Great choice for morning joe or to relax a bit while a rainstorm passes.The aesthetics drew me in.... and, you guys? I want to love this place! I really do. 
I like it. The employees are sweet, the shop is gorgeous. 
The coffee is good, but it didn't stand out as exceptional. I'm not happy with the lack of creamer options. I prefer heavy cream in my coffee, but I'll take traditional  half & half. Revelator has neither. I hope they choose to offer at least one. Milk is not cutting it.
They have wifi, so I've parked here a couple of times to catch up on work for an hour or so. I also like that they have light blankets in case you get cold. Which is a serious issue here in the Deep South when one is dressing for the 105 degree weather outside, and it's 70 inside. Rough.The New Orleans Third Wave coffee scene is heating up. The pourover I had here as my first coffee there was only second to Condesa's, my favorite coffee shop in the world. 
An outstanding interior renovation,  from the quality of the LED lighting to the play in contrasts of the light wood and brutalist concrete counter and the floor made of a material I have yet to identify
This is the third store for this Birmingham AL company,  after their home base and Chattanooga TN. Expansion plans are rumored for Atlanta.
Not a large selection of pastries yet but this clearly deserves one of my rare 5 stars reviews,  if only for the complementary shawls provided to cold blooded locals who dislike the cold air put out by the presumably super efficient air conditioning system.The hibiscus tea was so delightful and full of flavor! Had an empanada and it was also good. Polite and friendly.Delish espresso drinks and wonderfully cheerful, hospitable service. Super fast service to boot. I love how this place really focuses on the basics-- coffee and espresso classics rather than all the foofy stuff. They had clearly homemade pastries on hand as well which we managed to resist only because we had just eaten breakfast.I ordered the La Huaca pour over coffee and it was absolutely delicious. Some of the best coffee I've ever had. BUT. The person in this picture I've posted had to have been the rudest person I came across in New Orleans. I'm not sure wether it was pretentiousness or straight up just not liking my face, but I know pretentiousness when I smell it. I live in Los Angeles where people like this girl are pervasive. I also work in Hollywood where the cream of the crop of pretentiousness exist. Too good for the regular public. When leaving this place, we apparently had to drop off our dirty plates into an unmarked white bin. We did not know this and she barked at us that we had to drop off the dishes. Very sorry we didn't know the rules. The other gentleman working with her was quite the opposite, very nice and welcoming. It's too bad a bad apple like her has to rot the entire tree.This is the kind of place that you feel really cool just going into (or maybe that's just me). They have not just good coffee, but really good pastries + tea and a great interior that's quiet enough to work or just hang out with a friend. I would definitely come back if not just for that dank lemon blueberry muffin I got the last time I came in!Great atmosphere. Asked for a good recommendation and they suggested a honey cinnamon latte- it did not disappoint.Really nice coffee shop near the French quarter. The barista was really nice and took the time to explain their house made honey cinnamon syrup. Really high quality coffee. I would love to return and spend more time here, seems like a good spot to do some work or read a book while enjoying good coffee.Very poor service. The girls behind the counter were so sour, never cracked a smile. Didn't even tell us until after a few minutes that our coffee was ready on the counter (we were seated at a table). I'll stick with their sister coffee company in Birmingham Alabama. It's much roomier over there anyway, and a much more pleasant atmosphere.Friendly service. Great vibes, as expected from the pictures I looked at before coming in.This place is okay. Eating anywhere in the city, even if it is just a quick bite tends to be a hit or miss for me. This one was a miss. Paid somewhere between $20-$30 for a vanilla cold brew, hot coffee, and two beef empanadas that were still a little cold in the middle. My boyfriend and I ate through it because we just finished working out, and I wanted to feed him before he had to go to work.Clean, hipster-y, and serving up delicious cold brew. The guest shawls were a bit too twee for us, but overall, this was a great place to read a book and enjoy coffee and a muffin.Coffee is not great and way overpriced. I don't mind paying 6 dollars for bad coffee but this coffee shop attracts pretty miserable people. People come in talking on the phone or facetime their friend screaming on the phone. At every other coffee shop I have been to and this happens the barista asks the customer to quiet down a little bit but at Revelator the Baristas are yelling amongst themselves as well and do not seem to care.Delicious coffee. Quick service. But, slightly higher priced. 
I ordered their one-size cold brew coffee and topped it off with their raw sugar simple syrup and half and half. I did love that they served it in an insulated plastic cup but I still didn't love paying $4 plus tip for a decent cup that wasn't out of the ordinary.Coffee is great but took a solid 10 minutes to make and I was the only person in the store. They do offer a locals discount though and the staff is super friendly, just allow for extra time in the morning.I went here twice because I had such a strong opinion of it on my first visit, I wanted to swing back by to make sure I wasn't just grumpy or extra in-need of caffeine before I reviewed it. But my opinion remained the same after my second visit. Revelator is awkwardly pretentious. But it's so pretentious it's sort of amazing. Especially for New Orleans, which does not cater to that as a rule. 
I read the other reviews and wondered, "Why would anyone think this is the best coffee shop in town?" Then I noticed, those reviews were mostly written by tourists. Ahh. Well sure, this place would seem cooler and possibly have better coffee than the chain coffee shop options nearby. However, there are better options for coffee in the CBD, such as Merchant.   
On my first visit I had a $3.5 small cup of drip coffee, which tasted exceedingly sour. It was nearly undrinkable even after adding a bit of raw sugar and milk. Also, as others have said, there is only milk and no half-and-half or refined sugar. On my second visit I had an iced chai, which was very good on its own. Also, it appeared they make their own artisanal ice cubes. 
The interior is austere but beautifully designed -- layers of light, neutral colors and natural materials abound in the angular, open space. A few pashmina-like blankets are tidily folded and draped on the backs of chairs for (I presume) your use should you need a lap blanket on a New Orleans summer day. I love the idea of that in the winter, but blankets in the middle of the summer where the temperature rarely dips below 80 degrees is a bit on the twee side.  
One bonus: There is a great deal of seating for groups of 2 or 3 people, making it good for casual business meetings or as a respite while making your way through the CBD. Or for cuddling up with a lap blanket.This spot is simply fantastic. From the elegant decor and lighting to the delicious gourmet coffee, the entire experience was chic and modern.  And..they gave me a 20% off card for my next cup of coffee.This place is great!!  Clean, hipster vibe, minimalist menu, very friendly staff & really really great coffee. I got the espresso & almond milk with vanilla syrup & it was just a really good drink! I strongly recommend this place.Really excellent decaf pour over. When they care that much about their decaf, it says a lot. Super friendly guys behind the bar and nicely designed space. Recommended for a solid cup of coffee or espresso!Nice Ethiopian pour over. Informed, professional baristas. A bit on the more expensive side, but comparable to Starbucks price and WAY better. One of the sharper coffee joints around here.Given that a cup of coffee is $3.50 here, I would have expected more than a couple pastry options and rude wait staff. They were of course attentive enough to yell over the other customers to clear our coffee mugs on the way out :) Which we are fine with and is the norm at many coffee shops but their dish pan was not even visible and the guy was less than polite saying it. Totally overpriced and not worth wasting your time here, visit another spot!I really like Revelator. The one drawback is that it's one of the most expensive cups of coffee in town. But the quality somewhat makes up for it. They also sell the best chocolate in the world, Askinosie. I've never had anything bad from Revelator.This was the first coffee shop I tried on my recent trip to New Orleans.  First, I really love the location of this coffee shop.  I stayed in the Central Business District of New Orleans and this place very close to my hotel.  It was an easy walk.  Moreover, it is close to the French Quarter.  Second, I really like the exterior and interior.  The building has a cool brick look, and the paint job on the outside emphasized the architecture of the building.  The inside was equally cool with its exposed brick and otherwise modern feel.  Third, the staff is very friendly.  After ordering my coffee, I chatted with the the barista about the coffeeshop  and coffee in general.  Fourth, and or course, the coffee is great.  I ordered an oat milk the latte.  The espresso itself was well roasted and rich.  The rato of coffee to oat milk was so good.  The combination of the espresso and the oat milk created the perfectly creamy drink.  This one of New Orleans's must go independent coffeeshops.Browsing around New Orleans and came across this cute coffee shop. We ordered an espresso with milk along with a cold brew. Good location, great atmosphere.If it weren't for the New Orleans Wildsam guide on the counter I might not have guessed this coffee shop was in the Big Easy.  Everything--the colors, countertops and concrete--looked so IKEA kitchen modern.  It fits the Warehouse District aesthetic but I prefer cozy coffee shops and it was a bit sterile for my tastes.
We popped in for drinks and then went back to watch the Running of the Bulls down the block.  I ordered a chocolate iced coffee and a chocolate chip cookie wrapped in plastic for later.  My guy commented that his coffee was a serious jolt.
Judging from the crowd that flooded in during our visit, they don't have trouble attracting customers.  However, I didn't get a sit and stay vibe from Revelator Coffee.  I would return if I was already in the area but I doubt I would make a special trip across town.Pricey, but probably in line for the neighborhood. Prompt and friendly service, nice pastries, really nice coffee. I'd definitely come back when I'm in town.Simple and modern deco. I had a hot chai with whole milk. Not overpowering sweet which is good. Barista is very friendly. Would totally recommend stopping by while waiting for the Jazz events at Lafayette square.A minimalist approach to coffee and baked goods. The cold brew did not disappoint. The staff could be a bit friendlier.Excellent coffeehouse! Came here for cold brew and pastries before a day of exploring. They had both sweet and savory pastries which I appreciate and the vibe was super chill.Awesome coffee and friendly service. The place is fitted out nicely. Will definitely return.Coffee was good but not great. Nice setting. The staff is not very friendly.  The days of charging $1 for almond milk are over but they haven't gotten the message yet. Pastries are good.Love love love all the staff here. I get coffee here almost every time before going to work at Lucy's. They're my fave!C'mon. $6 for a small chai tea with almond milk. That's absolutely ridiculous. While it was tasty, the size of the drink was completely inappropriate for the price. I may be able to accept the price if they chai had been the absolute best I'd ever had. But guess what: it wasn't.
So, I'm disappointed in the drink, but the atmosphere is what saved this place for me. Nice seating (not too much, but sufficient) indoors, with two or three tables outside.
WiFi available, so perfect for homework, study, work needs. And then, to add to that, outlets under the seas indoors. Ultra clutch.
I will probably return to do homework or something and have just a plain coffee. But once again, not impressed with the price whatsoever.3.75/5 nice folks
so this is the spot i walk past when i am heading into the office from our parking garage, which means it's often my morning spot if i didn't prepare my own drink for the day. theirs runs strong, which is exactly how i like it! 
there's a bank of seating and there's ample lighting, but a little cozy so the tables are right next to each other.
the team is pretty chill, but often times there's just one or two people behind the counter so you might have a slight wait. but i've rarely seen a line for long. if you're thinking of food, sometimes the pastry offerings can be limited at times, i guess based on when they get deliveries, so that may be the only thing that isn't set when you visit.This place won my heart immediately.  "Choose your milk" feature that's added to your basic espresso shots.  Simple and clean, much like the decor, but here's where I bought in completely - cosy throws hanging over the chair.  Warm inside and out.  And the coffee is delicious.Anytime I go to a new city I spend literally hours searching for that cities best coffeehouses. Revelator Coffee Company fits that bills in NOLA, the service is excellent, the place is modern and the coffee on point.It took a little warming up to the baristas - or actually one barista - but this would in the end become my favorite coffee stop out in New Orleans.
The approach to coffee and space is reminiscent to that of all the shops in the specialty scene doing it right, minimal with quality at the forefront. With that said, the interior is neat and organized without much clutter, at least other than the items on sale. The storefront is marked with the company emblem, which makes it unique in design and appeal. I mean the signage itself would make any coffee goer want to stop just to take a peek or grab a quick drink. I made a stop for an espresso and got quite the kick out of seeing the barista pull a shot from of an elegantly designed Slayer espresso machine. 
In terms of what's offered; a classic coffee menu, some pastries, water (natural and sparkling variety, of course), and other refreshments. Given that they are a roaster, one will also find the latest batches of whole bean offerings for home consumption. It's got all the essentials to make it an enjoyable stop.
I came back home with a bag of Nicaraguan and Kenyan coffees. Followed the barista's suggestion for an iced brew with the Kenyan, and had myself a refreshing cup that tasted of honey and citrus notes. 
Tying in the friendly service from the barista, whom happened to be the manager, it was the best coffee experience I had while I was in town. Stopped by twice and left alarmingly caffeinated after my second visit, but it was good company and enjoyable conversation.This coffee shop was located next to my hotel in New Orleans. While most of the days I just got an americano from the cafe in my lobby I tried this one out once and it was amazing. Not only was the americano perfect, but the baristas were refreshingly unpretentious and helpful. I highly encourage everyone to try this cafe out!Even if the location doesn't seem amazing from outside, you will not be disappointed if you come in and order a coffee. The guy here is so nice and helpful!! This was one of the smoothest coffees I've ever had. They have oatmilk too!!!While very high end, it felt more like a sterile science lab than a cozy coffee shop. Also, very expensive.I ordered a yummy hot chai tea. The cashier was excited that I said I wanted it for here.  It made me feel very welcome.   It was a perfect balance not too sweet with some great cinnamon and cardamom flavor. Cute interior.Was pleasantly surprised when I ordered an espresso and they had Ethiopia ..simply delicious and the service was great and knowledgeableRevelator is another great  coffee shop which I think started here in New Orleans and now they are popping out in great cities around the south and Charleston is next so I'm excited about that. Overall just a nice, minimalist coffee shop who roast their own beans and just put out a high quality product. So happy to see them expanding while staying true to their hipster roots.I mean this place was good. It was a recommendation and I'm glad i went since it was quiet. The baristas were fine and my coffee was good.I don't understand why someone would dare come to NOLA without trying NOLA style cold brew. I also don't understand how anyone would dare speak any ill against cold brew, because it is my all time favorite style of coffee. Revelator's coffee was true to the NOLA taste and was a great jolt of energy to aid in the recovery from late nights in the French Quarter. I only wish the layout and decor was more welcoming and comfortable to sit and chat.Such a great cup of coffee! The barista was friendly to our 7 year old and showed him how to make a design in the foam. Can't wait to head there againThe service was excellent... Very clean and organized. The ambiance was def nostalgic. The restrooms are well kept. Will visit again‼Stopped by unintentionally as we saw this coffee shop on our walk to brunch.  I got the honey cinnamon iced latte which I thought tasted solid, but a bit on the sweet side.  It cost over $6 which I think was definitely way overpriced.  Both my friends got the cold brew and they said it tasted like it had been brewed for days.  The acidity was too high and they didn't enjoy drinking it at all.  Definitely not recommend especially when there's so many other great options.I loved this spot. Such a nice place to spend a surprisingly cold morning in New Orleans. People are nice and the space is gorgeous - clean lines, subtle pastels, open shelves, fair amount of open seating. Coffee of course is quite good as well (short, simple menu). I got pour over - think they had 4 varieties to choose from (paper menu next to register). Don't remember which I chose but it was smooth and not bitter, and was served in the cutest mug.Friendly service, simple menu, and great coffee should be the tag line for Revelator Coffee Company. This sleek modern coffee stop on Fulton Street looks right at home in this funky area surrounded by upscale restaurants and dive bars. I stopped here originally because I saw that they carried a locally made kombucha, and walked out with a smooth as silk pour over coffee to go along with it. The staff was super friendly, and made some great suggestions. Nice to have a coffee shop so close to my hotel that was local. To top it all off on a hot day the A/C is rocking.Day of Bull Run it was hot as blazes outside! Needed an iced coffee pick me up, so we walked across the street to Revelator. Small coffee shop with 10 bar stools and 6 2-top tables. You know how some coffee shops get so cold? No worries, there are shawls on each chair to cover up with if you need to! The iced coffee was delicious, they roast their own. It's got a calming feel inside...lots of gray and white colors. Easy placed to relax and enjoy a caffeinated beverage. At the point of my visit, they had only been open 10 days....I bet they'll add more milk options later :) Friendly staff, who dealt with the crazy bull runners well!Pretty good pour overs and a good place to get some work done while enjoying a pastry. The service was good and the menu was simple but thoughtful. You can tell they know how to care for the coffee ;)Each espresso is a double shot. No lates BUT, get a 10 oz, which is 2 shots in 10 oz of milk...hello laté!
Simple menu and very fun and friendly staff that make your morning rightMy husband goes in every morning on his way to work and brought me with him this week. Great coffee with great service. It's no wonder this is how he starts his day!!This place is right across the street from our hotel. It's so good that my hubby bought a second cup of double espresso with oat milk.I love this place! I was in New Orleans for a conference and this coffee shop was around the corner from the hotel. Super friendly staff and delicious coffee. Not for the Venti half pump sugar free skinny vanilla latte crowd. They are the "if you must put that crap in your coffee, we carry one or two seasonal syrups" type of place. And your coffee will be one reasonable size. Enjoy it!Had a guava and cream cheese pastelitos warmed up. Pretty good. 
Also had a latte that was very good. 
Not much selection of pastries but it is late in the day.  I'd rather they run out and start fresh each morning. 
Only complaint was the price. $9.58 for a latte and pastry. Maybe it's big city prices but I wouldn't do this on a regular basis. 
Barista was friendly and professional.I am impressed, Revelator Coffee New Orleans was definitely superb. The whole place definitely had a very cool vibe. Every single thing was fresh, flavorful, and totally delicious. The staff was extremely welcoming and service is exceptional. It's awesome.It was the closest Coffee place to our hotel.  My wife and I like to try local coffee places when were traveling (no Starbucks for us) and this was just meh.  Coffee was honestly not that good and the place itself was in no way pleasant to drink coffee in.  Additionally the guy behind the counter seems slightly annoyed that we had questions before we ordered.There is nothing special about this place. They brew their owe coffee and sell coffee paraphernalia. Definitely as a nice modern vibe. If you live close this is a nice stop to treat yourself in the morning. Had a double shot with milk and mom had the drip coffee. No complaintsWas sooo excited about this coffee shop opening in Mid-City.  It's got potential but far from worth the price yet.  Pros: really good espresso and best avocado toast in town (crunchy chickpeas yum).  Manager super nice and trying hard Cons: female service stuff is rude (green haired girl should be nowhere near customers she's beyond rude) and the food can be super slow, a couple people waiting almost 20 minutes to get food.  Also NO PASTRIES AT A COFFEE SHOP?  They say the supplier hasn't delivered yet but they said that last week too.  If you open at 7am, have pastries ready at 7am.  For the Manhattan prices in Mid-City, I expected a lot more.I love the way this place looks & the location (it's in our neighborhood)!  The service and staff are really friendly.  I do not hang out in coffee shops much, but this looks like it would be a great place to work quietly- I did not ask about their wifi though.  I am a big fan of European espresso (illy cafe, Lavazza, etc) as far as my favorite thing to drink.. and I really like European/Italian style stand up coffee shops.  I also really enjoy a good iced coffee.  With that said this place does not offer these things so I cannot say I really like what they serve.  This is more of a hipster style place I guess... Their iced coffees were not very good and a steep $3.5 for the only size which is equivalent of a medium (thats more than a large at Starbucks!  They do not carry any sugar, and no artificial sweeteners obviously.  For 2 iced coffees and a less than average chocolate croissant, I spent $11.  Cool looking place though!We stopped in as they were across from our hotel and so glad I did. I had the best iced Chai latte of my LIFE. I've ordered from all over and this was hands down the best. Due to COVID they have a limited menu and only take out just FYI. Would absolutely come again next time I'm in NOLAOur favorite first stop each morning we are in NOLA. Highlights:
//Espresso. Get it "for here" of course! Husband loves it above other espressos in the city. It's luxurious without too much acidity.
//Coldbrew. Really clean and medium-bold flavors. Doesn't have the watered down taste that adding ice can introduce. And completely refreshing for the hot, hot, humid heat.
//Coffee. Drip coffee. Medium-bold. Really comforting to slowly sip, black. The a/c is blasting strong in the coffee shop, so I enjoyed the warm hug this hot drip gave me.
//The shop. Really like the light look of all the woods, bricks, floor blocks, concrete, and counter tops. Cool logo and aesthetic. Soulful upbeat indie playing on the speakers.Haven't had my coffee yet but I am enjoying the process of making a good cup. Special attention to the roast and filter process. Staff was welcoming and nice. I was looking for some food too but they only have a small selection of pastries. I would have gotten a granola bowl with yogurt or another healthy dish but the place is clean and sedate. A welcome relief from the bustle of NO.Such a cool place! Visiting NO and here for the second time =) 
Very sleek coffee shop, with outlets and enough room for working/studying/catching up. Friendly staff as well! It was perfect for anyone staying near Le Meredien as it's a short walking distance. Awesome music, not too loud either which makes it perfect to get some work done. No huge sign hanging so when you look for it, just look at the building itself to find it =)Small business coffee shop near outskirts of French quarter. Walkable distance from most of the major hotels. Been there 3 days in a row already. My usual order is a cup of decaf cappuccino, I know I know why decaf? I love coffee but as I ages, I notice that I could not take the caffeine anymore, so I usually look for places which offers decaf espresso. Revelator is very consistent making my espresso and every time I am very satisfied. I am very picky on how my espresso tastes, it must be creamy, robust and smooth. This place is by far the best near that area. Please support small business!Covid visit.  It was raining when we left our hotel and we wanted a coffee for the road.  A sign said they were open so we walked over.  They have the inside blocked and you ordered at the main entrance, standing outside, in that case it was in the rain.  I think they could have made this a little better as it appeared to have a ton of room just inside.
We ordered from an extremely limited menu (I get black coffee so I didn't care) but they only had one size and it was TINY!  I will pay $3 for a coffee at times, but I want a big cup when I do. It was not worth it.
They guy who took our order was not really welcoming - basically acted like he didn't want to be there and we were bothering him.  Had there been another option close I would have left and gone elsewhere but I was trying to help what looked like a small business that needed a customer. Maybe they don't.
Either way, the coffee was "meh", nothing to write about anyway. I doubt I will darken this doorstep again.We came by at 430 (30 min before close) and asked if it was ok to come in for a coffee, and the barista sort of shrugged and blew us off as if we were unwelcome at that time.  Unprofessional.Had the cold brew coffee here three days in a row! Very good! Nice place that wasn't busy around 7am.I've been adding this location of Revelator to my rotation of coffee shops to work out of and for in-person meetings within the city. I'm an iced coffee junkie who pretends to be in Zoolander with his iced latte amongst all the iced orange mocha frappucinos! 
Revelator's iced coffee game is strong and will make you want to become a lyricst and say something dorky like Revelator Coffee Percolator. (IDK if they offer that style of coffee btw)
For those of us who like a little flavor in our life and want to spice up our life, you need to try one of their in-house syrups. They're always rotating and you should give them a try. They currently had a honey cinnamon, vanilla, [something] cake, and another option I couldn't remember.
I personally like mixing the honey cinnamon and vanilla with an oat milk latte because it taste like horchata.
There's plenty of seating and the wifi is strong. You'll also find two gender neutral bathrooms for use here.
If you're in the area I highly recommend swinging by!This is probably a comment on me more than this place. I found it expensive. Over $7 for a coffee and hot chocolate. Not large servings at all. Nice looking place though.Holy shit this place is so serious with coffee. It's so hip and gentrifying, and it is definitely highly instagrammable. For the first time I taste umami in my espresso.?!?! The space is pretty empty at night time. They also sell pastries and juices from Pulp & Grind.I actually had this coffe through a subscription to drinktrade.com. I liked it! So when I realized I was staying in New Orleans and saw how close I was I had to stop in. 
Staff was friendly and the drinks I had were great. I prefer a more "comfy" coffe shop but the inside was nice and clean with a modern vibe. I'd would stop in again.Without question, one of the best coffees in New Orleans.
I'm a professional roaster and we've been to many spots across the city and suburbs and revelator does it right.
The Burundi was just outstanding.Clean space, nice bathrooms (two), and friendly+knowledgeable staff members. Visited twice in two weeks because my family and friends liked it so much! 
You may have to park down the street depending on when you visit, however.Coffee done proper. Don't go to New Orleans and step into Starbucks, Dunkin' or even Cafe Du Monde (okay fine, go once) without trying coffee at Revelator.Haven't had my coffee yet but I am enjoying the process of making a good cup. Special attention to the roast and filter process. Staff was welcoming and nice. I was looking for some food too but they only have a small selection of pastries. I would have gotten a granola bowl with yogurt or another healthy dish but the place is clean and sedate. A welrelief from the bustle of NO.Cute and clean shop. Friendly staff.  We ran in for an iced coffee.  Added vanilla flavoring. It was good but not anything I would say I have to go back to.I tried a number of well-reviewed, local coffee shops while I was in town for a conference. This was by far the best. The baristas were knowledgeable and friendly, the coffee was excellent and served at the right temperature (I had a pour-over of the Sidamo), and the food options (breakfast) were great. It was probably my tastiest and healthiest breakfast of the trip. I had a scone and a yogurt parfait. Both were excellent and not loaded with sugar. The interior design of the cafe is beautiful, and a nice, calming break from busy downtown NOLA.Swung by this shop while waiting on my friend to finish getting ready. Location was nice, the taste was alright, I was wanting a vanilla cold brew style coffee. The familiarity was not what I have tried at various other coffee shops, the flavor was a tad on the bitter side. Service representative was kind enough to add more vanilla to my coffee which helped mask the bitterness I was originally getting.This was -hands down- the best espresso pull I've had in New Orleans. Coffee is an art here.Cute place, great personable service!  I bought beans from them and the special was a free coffee!  Tomorrow was already looking good!!Absolutely the BEST cold brew coffee in New Orleans. I have taste-test compared it to 5 other local coffee houses, and there is simply no comparison. Worth going out of your way!Just had the best cup of coffee from this place! Try it with their oat milk, you won't regret it.Fresh ground, wall side service of delicious coffee. This is a small business fighting through COVID-19 as best as it can. The coffee and business is worth twice the price paid. Skip the Starbucks and Be sure to visit this gem.I had a revelation at Revelator coffee and that was the coffee is well crafted.  While I may be bitter, I do not like my coffee to be that way and it was smooth as velvet without an aftertaste.  I ordered the cordado and it was a decent balance between form and coffee.  The inside was not open due to the pandemic but I peeked inside and it looked like it has a good coffee lounge atmosphere.  It would be a good place to cleanse the system after a hard night in the French Quarter.Really like the vibe in the flavor of this place! Stop by here twice when I was in town for a conference, on the way to the conference center!
People working at the counter are great, and the coffee options were limited, serve up the basics and a very nice, delicious way. I do wish they had more latte flavors, but it is what it is!
Definitely would highly recommend.Great atmosphere. Great food and coffee. Love the look of this place and the decor! Will definitely come again if we have time.There is a very limited menu because of Covid. My husband ordered a latte for me since I was lazing away in bed but wanted coffee. He's a gem of a man. The coffee was delicious. Quick it was not. The same person who took the order also prepared the order. Two people would have been better.