Expensive but simple. Nothing much to brag about. Hotel fare, ok staff. $20 for breakfast buffet . Had omelet station which was good and chef super nice!! Had waffles and pancakes in hot trays- prefer fresh. Small selection of fruit - just blueberries pineapple and blackberries. Had cereal, small selection oh pastries, yogurt and maybe oatmeal. Had frozen type hash browns on line. Scrambled eggs in hot tray. Blueberry sausage which looked good but was ok. Spicy sausage and bacon also there. May have had biscuits on the line too. 
Coffee was just that not great. 
But every hotel needs decent breakfast and this one works .Went on a Thursday evening after a long day of flying. Good atmosphere, live music (though we were told this was exceptional), noise level was just right and not too crowded. Our waiter (Hugo) was absolutely delightful -- attentive, kind, helpful, professional. 
Recommended entree: The buttery tender Chef's Sizzling Adam cut  and the roasted garlic mashed potatoes as a side. Unbelievably delicious. Recommended starters: quail breast, shrimp remoulade, french onion soup. Wine: French merlot, Chateau Lyonnat 2006.Good, but probably not worth going to in a city amongst some of the Greats.  Nothing bad to say besides the waiter was a bit pushy when my friend and I were just trying to enjoy a long dinner.  We were happy with the food and wine, though.I enjoyed the French onion soup and the queen sized prime rib with the greens as a side dish. The soup was great. The prime rib was also excellent but really too much. I wish I had ordered the smallest size. The horseradish was excellent and quite hot. The service was ok but I've had much better.Never in my wildest dreams could I have imagined this night.  You ready? First, fabulous ambiance but if you want really really really good food and a great experience, skip this place and just eat at the old local places--Johnnys po-boys was even hands down better. Our waiter, Seth--very nice, yet very young, seemed nervous and untrained to me and also very amateurish along with the whole place. Everyone at this place tried and tried to be fine dining, yet they just did not have it down pat--at all! Second, the wine my girlfriends wanted from the wine list was "out of stock"...didn't start well at all.  We ordered the butternut squash ravioli as an appetizer, and I have to write--the dish was lovely!!!! but don't choose to share because you only get three! Third--- the service was slow and it took forever to get the appetizer; however, when our entree arrived promptly, we were all thrilled and ready to share the Jumbo shrimp and tagliatelle. To our quick dismay the shrimp were mealy , which we all know means they were frozen and not thawed correctly and/or simply old. We gave the kitchen a chance to correct it, but the second attempt failed miserably as well! Yes, the second time around we still received the same nasty shrimp in addition to pasta water floating on the bottom of the dish. I was so disappointed! Now the fun part...my friend , in an attempt to un latch her purse strap that was caught on her dress, tipped the table, which was a Walmart plastic table covered in a table cloth, spilled two full glasses of wine. The staff graciously responded and replaced the linens, but the wine was not COMPED!  My friend had to pay for a spilled wine accident? Finally, the so-called manger  showed up, probably praying these crazies leave, asked if we wanted another dish from the kitchen--really? why would we?-- we gave you two chances already. BUT!!!!--- The manger never offered us a comped entree. Never said I am  sorry, what can I make for you at no charge"....  We left paying $100 for 2 glasses of wine plus spillage I felt like the bad guy. Why? the dish sucked and they offered nothing to us to correct it!!!My friends and I did an early Christmas dinner here on a Saturday night.  It was for a party of ten and the RR was happy to accommodate us.
The dining room is an impressive place with tall ceilings, dark wood beams and marble columns.  According to my friend Eric, men should eat at restaurants with marble columns.  So we did.  
Kenneth was our waiter.  He had an excellent balance of being attentive but unintrusive.  He was great start to finish.  We ordered the foie gras app late in the game but still before the entrees came out.  Kenneth said it takes about 15 minutes but he would see what he could do.  We had the fois gras in like 5 minutes.  I not sure if he stole someone elses, or he is a master or expectation management.  I do know that he delivered on the late order app.
Food was decent.  We were a little let down on the apps and the sides.  The seared foie gras was decent but not excellent.  The bone marrow was tasty, but was served inside this bread thing that was made to look like a bone.  Hard to explain, but the bread tasted stale and didn't add much to the savory marrow.  Kind of a bust for their choice of carbohydrate for the marrow.  Sides were just ok.  We had asparagus, grits and spinach.  Nothing special to mention about any of the three.
So the steaks.  I had the King's Cut prime rib.  The cut of the prime rib was respectable but not prime.  The inside got a little chewy.  The periphery was over seasoned, so if you took a bite of just the outside quarter inch, it was overpowering.  The play was to mix a little outside bite with the inside meat and then you could strike the right seasoning balance.  Overall, my steak was a 4/5.  
*** My sister begged me to include this in the review.  This was her experience that night regarding the turtle soup.  She took her first bite and it had a hair in it.  She sent it back and like 10 minutes later, a man, presumably the manager, apologized.  To my sister's credit, she handled everything very discreetly.  Last thing I wanted to hear about was her hairy soup.  She thought the mishap was mishandled.  Namely, she thought the manager should have introduced himself better and offered her a free dessert or something.  RR of course didn't charge her for the soup.  ***  So there it is.  If you serve enough food, hair will happen.  It's inevitable.  That's my take.  But maybe they should have given her a free dessert.  No big deal if you ask me.
In short, I liked the rib room.  I didn't love it, but I really liked it.  I would repeat even though I think the food could be a bit better.  I liked the ambiance, the service and the steak.we were forced to eat here the other night bc we had no reservations and it was raining pretty badly out.  the front desk girl had us wait 45 minutes to sit in a half empty dining room which kind of pissed me off but I was wet anyway so I went up to my room and changed then returned.... Our appetizers were pretty weak, but edible and the steaks and sides were excellent.  The service in dining room overall looked pretty bad, but our server seemed to be doing a decent job with us.So much has been said since Katrina about this fine old establishment, and some of it by me, but I'm saying, now I'm saying they are back, and thank Dayton for a wonderful experience.Stopped in on way back to our French Quarter hotel and had a lovely time at the bar in this elegant hotel space.  Great escape from the more boisterous noise outside.Update 11-8-2014: Upgraded from 4 stars to 5 stars. We came here for our anniversary dinner. Very attentive host who guided us to our table. It's always a nice way to start an evening. Our waiter was fabulous. We brought our own wine (Silver Oak) which he promptly opened for us. I wish they would have decanted the wine first.  The place is small but very nice. It was a nice touch to see a second line parade out the window. Moving on to food. The house salad was good with a light touch of dressing. The French Onion soup was amazing. Oh the cheese! The lamb in whiskey sauce was melt in your mouth meat. We ordered a butter noodle dish for the kids which wasn't that good but that's okay because we all three loafs of bread with probably a whole stick of butter. It was that good. The grouper was amazing. The sauce made the dish. The king cut prime rib was probably the best prime rib in the south. The horse radish had that NOLA flair with a kick. And then there was the bone in ribeye. I don't typically give high praise for steaks at a prime rib house but this steak (wet aged USDA prime) was amazing. The steak was cooked perfectly. If I had to improve anything it would be the giant asparagus...it was not giant at all but still good. We ended dinner with banana pudding and a little chocolate cake with "happy anniversary" on it. Nice touch Rib Room. We'll definitely be back. Oh, and don't forget the cookies when you exit. 
4-21/2-14: Great food and amazing decor. Service was good, not great but good. If you're in the Omni and craving meat this is the place to be. The braised short rib was huge but mostly fat on it. The roasted cauliflower was okay. It had too much butter. Like Dickie Brennan's the bread comes in a bag. What's with the bag?Fantastic food and the staff to compliment it. Do visit for an exquisite meal, drinks, and depending on your company, the atmosphereWe went for a lovely, Sunday brunch. The service was impeccable and the live music was excellent. They could use more vegetarian meal choices though! The French bread was delicious, as most places have in the French Quarter. The French onion soup (which is made with beef broth but has no meat in it) was the best French onion soup I've had to date. A good ratio between onions and broth. The flavors were so tasty. I also had a salad which was very fresh. I would have liked more of a variety from which to choose, but I was happy with my meal. Also, you can't go wrong with bottomless mimosas!Their chicken liver w sauteed onions and grits were amazing looking forward to going back to the Rib Room just for an order of that with the warm french breadService and atmosphere are spectacular. I was seated by the window, so I got to people watch. Unfortunately the food left something to be desired. Bread was great. Salad was pretty good, with the dressing made in house. The hash though. It was part of the lunch coolinary menu. So bad, so uninspired. I forced myself to eat 1/2 of it. At least add an herb or something other than the 2 cups of melted cheese that was on top. I dug around under the goopy cheese, but only found boring, poorly seasoned potatoes along with the prime rib debris. I'm hoping that the food from the regular menu is better!!I hate giving 1-star reviews, but there's just no way around it. This was easily the worst dining I've experienced in New Orleans. There were a few ok things, but the main issue was the prime rib. Round 1: My husband ordered it medium and it arrived well done. When he - politely - mentioned it to our server, they basically said they thought it looked overcooked when they grabbed it to bring it out. ???? So the requested temp - again, medium - was confirmed and the well done dish taken away. Not even two minutes later, our server brings a new plate... Round 2: This new prime rib was so rare it was may as well have had horns on the plate. Now my husband, not wanting to waste another expensive cut of meat, tried to be a trooper about it but this new prime rib was ice cold 2-3 bites in. By now it seems like our server is avoiding us. When she did come over and my husband - again, politely - explained the issue this time, she tried to convince (I don't want to say argue, but it was close...) him that the second plate was medium. There was no way it was medium with the amount of blood on that plate! Then the manager came over, we explained the issue and he did apologize for both the food and the service. He also offered a free dessert, which we declined - at that point, we were done. In the end, the prime rib was removed from our bill (without our requesting it - but it was the right thing to do) but the whole experience left a bad taste in our mouths, figuratively and literally. Avoid this place if you can help it.This was a major disappointment . We had reservations at 6:30 and did not eat dinner until 8:30. Steaks were cold and poorly seasoned . Waitress forgot to bring bearnaise sauce and also forgot severe side dishes . As a local I would never come back to this restaurant. Terrible food and service and extremely expensive . Appetizers were small and tasteless. This entire experience was disappointing and I felt like we were taken for a bad ride. Went for a Father's Day dinner and will never returnMy wife and I are staying at the Omni Royal which has wonderful. The staff has been super friendly and the rooms are awesome. The restaurant attached to the hotel however has been less than subpar and after having paid for another expensive meal that is completely "meh" I felt like I needed to write a review. Let me start by saying that we purchased a "breakfast included" package and as such we've eaten at the Rib Room 3x and have ordered room service twice in the afternoons. Shame on us for thinking it would get better. The breakfast offering each day has been boring and bland. We've ordered off of the menu and the buffet to try different things and each time the food was on par with something you could buy (or wouldn't) at a convenience store such as scrambled eggs, sausage and bacon that has sat aloud much too long. We've come at different times so it's not like we were the last to eat. This morning's breakfast however won the prize. I ordered the steak and eggs (poached) and as I began cutting into the steak, I noticed small hairs on the plate. I also found a larger hair under my eggs. Before I called the waiter over, I wanted to make sure that the hair was not mine because I was so hungry. I verified that the hair was a different length and slightly lighter than mine. The waiter (who was awesome) seemed really embarrassed and his manager came over. I was grateful for the gesture but the manager could not have been more pretentious when he suggested that the hair was mine. That's where he lost me because all I wanted to do was eat my breakfast. He did offer me the buffet but the previous mornings memory I'd dried scrambled eggs and prune like sausage did not seem like a good compromise. 
My last experience occurred in the afternoon and we decided to order a little room service during the SuperBowl. We ordered the BBQ Shrimp, Buffalo wings, a Caesar Salad and French Onion Soup. The French Onion Soup tasted like it came out of a box and the rest of the food was what you could get at any bar in America for less than a third of the price. I guess that's why I'm so unimpressed and a little frustrated. 
New Orleans has AMAZING food and during our stay here we have had some incredible meals. In fact, our only bad food experience has been at the Rib Room. What makes it worse is that you pay so much more for it. If you only pay $5 - $10 for something and it tastes like crap, then so be it. But if you pay 10x that amount, you expect it to at least have a certain level of execution. Nothing about the food at the RibRoom is special or unique. You could get it anywhere and forget about it later. It's really unfortunate because we have loved staying at the Omni Royal but we recommend eating somewhere else.We ended up at the Rib Room after a bad experience at Dickie Brennan's Steakhouse. We were warmly welcomed and seated in the beautiful dining room. Our server was wonderful and the food was excellent. Prime Rib was delicious. We will definitely return next time we're in NOLA.Hadn't been to Rib Room in over 20 years and we were totally blown away. As locals who dine out weekly we are pretty hard to impress and we were wowed from the minute we walked in. Great cocktails, attentive service and the food, well, outstanding! Prime rib is perfection. Prime rib comes with house salad and loaded baked potato adding to the value and both were excellent. Special birthday dessert celebration plate included candied bacon, heaven! Frangelico martini (first time for that) topped off a very special night. We will make this a regular spot for us from now on!We dined here on our last evening as a group--four of us.  It was very quiet, very intimate, and a very wonderful evening.  The waitstaff was patient and understanding and offered fantastic choices for eating.  Although expensive, it is worth every cent for the delicious food and fond memories of friends and fun that evening.  
We started with a Dr. Loosen Riesling '09 and followed it with a Red Zin Terra d'Oro, '06.  The Dr. never fails to be good--ever!  The red went well with the entrees.
I started with the house smoked salmon as an appetizer and I was not disappointed--it's as good as it gets.  Per the suggestion of the waiter, I ordered the 18 oz. bone-in rib with grilled asparagus and immensely enjoyed the combination! The meat is thick, and tender, and cooked to perfection without any part of it being overcooked or undercooked...an amazing chef!
Being the crème brulee fan, I ordered the Grand Marnier and was left in heaven by a wonderfully smooth and exquisitely perfect brulee!  
If you can afford it, I can find no reason not enjoy an evening dining with your loved ones--it is a great environment and the staff is so pleasant and friendly and patient.We were visiting here and our first time in New Orleans, and saw the website for this place as well as the menu online, and got excited about the options here and called up to make a reservation. We arrived and noticed the place wasn't overly crowded for a Saturday night at 8pm.  The first table we were sat at was very close to another couple, and right on the edge of the kitchen, so we asked to be moved to another table. The table we were moved to was much better and by the window. I ordered the 8oz Filet cooked medium with a loaded baked potato, and my wife ordered shepherds pie. My steak was excellent and the potato was average. My wife said she didn't really see anything on the menu to her liking, on the menu we were given, and went with the shepherds pie, and it wasn't good, eh. The service was average and nothing special at all. I felt very very generous leaving even at 15% tip, although nothing was done  on earn it in my opinion. At least the Filet was cooked to the temperature ordered and tasted good, which I would expect for $39 as an ale carte item.Not sure why this place has low reviews! Our servers Gail and Lamon were unbelievable. I had the Ny Strip and my girlfriend had the filet. Both were on point. BBQ shrimp for an appetizer and our desert was hot vs cold ice cream (not positive on the name) but it was great! 
Dinner was a bit pricey but for the atmosphere, service and food... Totally worth it!
Thanks again to Lamon and Gail!The best French onion soup and the best short rib I've ever had! And believe me I've tried them at a lot of places. Staff was very friendly and although they didn't have mashed potatoes which I wanted with my short rib sauce the chef made them for me!  An excellent experience I would highly recommend.Place was empty in  a Sunday nightService was spotty. Bartender didn't know the scotches he had in stock and I had to send my steak back.  A nervous maitre d offered a weak apology. It's too bad but this place has gone down in quality.We wanted a steak dinner and this restaurant got good reviews on yelp. So we gave it a try. Our meal was fantastic the short ribs portion is huge looks like a dinosaur bone. But we waited an hour and 15 minutes for our meal, and the restaurant was not busy.   highly recommend it if you have lots of time to sit and wait and enjoy a meal.I love the Rib Room. I always visit when I'm in town and it never changes (fortunately). The Rib Room is the main ground floor restaurant of the Omni Royal Orleans hotel and is situated slap bang in the middle of the French Quarter. A very nice barman told me about this place when we were chatting one night and after visiting, make a note to always head back. The restaurant is kind of 'old world', beautiful linens, polite waiters, usually a pianist or harpist or something playing. I always order the prime rib on the bone, which is served with a baked potato (fully loaded of course) and gravy on the side. I always usually try and sit by a window and people watch. The atmosphere is wonderful and I really could sit in here for hours. The wait staff are always polite, friendly and helpful. Also try and bar just outside the main entrance to the restaurant. This place consistently ranks in my top 10 of restaurants around the world I love.Breakfast buffet was sans rival. Made to order eggs, omelets, pancakes. Great grits. Succulent sausages. Hot chocolate, fresh squeezed juice. Very hospitable and friendly service. Pastries- meh. Best $17 I've spent here so far.We ate here at 7pm on a Friday.
When we arrived, we were the only people in the restaurant, which made me very nervous.  By the time we left at 9pm there was a party of 12, and three other tables of 4; I would have expected them to be more busy on a Friday night.
The service was very good, very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu and wine options.  
They have a butter guy - his job is to walk around with an enormous plate of butter and put wedges of butter on plates.  Where do I get this job!
Rotisserie House Sausages with Creolaise, $14
Butternut Squash and Marscapone Ravioli with Brown Butter, Toasted Hazelnuts and Sage, $10
Gem Lettuce Salad with Asian Pear, Goat Cheese, Spiced Pecans, and Crispy Potato, $11
8oz Filet with Worcestershire Glaze, $36
Loaded Baked Potato, $5
Rib Room Potatoes, $5
Cauliflower Puree, $5
All the food was good.  We especially enjoyed the Creolaise that came with the sausages and we could have eaten three more bowls of the Ravioli.  The filet was good, but the Worcestershire glaze made it great!  The Rib Room Potatoes are red potatoes fried in bacon and crusted in Parmesan cheese!  The cauliflower puree had amazing flavor and a silky texture.
There is a station in front of the kitchen that makes the steaks and runs the huge Rotisserie.  I liked the concept of the Rotisserie and wished that someone would have ordered something that used the rotisserie.  Our sausages were hung on the rotisserie for a few minutes, but that wasn't much to see.  I did enjoy watching the chef make the steaks and cut the prime rib.Our waiter Hugo was attentive, kind, and made excellent recommendations. Him alone, would make us go back. Great for a romantic evening out. Very intimate and business casual attire. I had a perfectly cooked filet mignon, I asked for medium rare, and it was correct! It was high quality meat, it felt like it would melt in my mouth. I didn't even have to use a knife and it did not require any additional seasoning. The bread was delicious and so was the asparagus. We also forgot a piece of art that we did not realize until we were at the airport and they expedited it to Austin. My husband is also a vegetarian that doesn't like cheese and they were able to accommodate his needs. Overall great experience.Arrived to a half-empty restaurant without a reservation, was told the wait was 20 minutes.  Asked how we would know when our table was ready and they told us to come back in 20 and that it would be - felt like this is a rite-of-passage thing (the wait).  
Got seated in one of the many open tables 20 minutes later, was greeted with butter and bread in a bag.  The butter was a bit salty for my taste but balanced the bland bread.  The menu was simple and to-the-point.  Ordered the French onion soup, loaded potato and the the 13oz ribeye along with the 9 oz Genesis red wine.
The soup was ok, nothing to brag about.  The potato was the same, nothing great but not terrible.  The steak, on the other hand, was horrendous.  It arrived in a puddle of grease and mostly tasted like grease.  I attempted to sop up the excess grease with the bread but there was too much and I gave up after eating less than a half of the steak when I felt nauseous.
Now, the steak may have been cooked a special French way, so if this is your "thing" you'll probably love this food.  If not, avoid at all costs, their steak is below what should be considered as edible.  Good food shouldn't make you feel like garbage after you eat it.
Not recommended for the steak.Wow!  What great food they have here.  We stayed at the Omni and had many dining opportunities.  Hands down the best grits, lamb chops, prime rib and their prime rib Po boys are excellent.
Our waiter was top notch!We were staying at the Omni for our anniversary  and were in the mood for a steak.  The New York Strip was amazing.  My wife loved her filet.  Service was terrific.  Hugo is the server you want.  Highly recommended.  You can dress up or dress down.Between three and four stars but since the setting is so over the top and cinematic, I'll go with four stars.  It was eerily empty when we arrived at 7:30 on a Friday night.  Our server looked like he was 12 and he seemed excited to be waiting on three ladies who weren't senior citizens.  We got served cheese and crackers as soon as we sat down and I thought that was really odd.  Bread soon followed.
I had a frisee salad with a poached egg and lardons.  It came looking very pretty and garnished with a purple orchid.  But there were no lardons and the egg was cooked all the way through.  It had a nice dressing though and that orchid really went a long way for me so overall, good.  My friend got the house salad, which was not very fresh looking iceberg with Hidden Valley ranch.  At a place like this, I'd expect better greens and maybe housemade dressings.   For my entree, I had a really wonderful filet cooked with peppercorn sauce.  My friend did also but we ordered them at different temps.  They gave us the wrong ones which isn't so horrible but again, at that kind of restaurant, you need to have a lot of attention devoted to those details.  The other friend had a prime rib, she said it tasted very good but not as tender as it should be and overall didn't seem very impressed.  Chocolate mousse for dessert, fine not great or memorable in any way.  
I enjoyed it for the wonderful company that I had and the plush surroundings.  The food was fine but for the money, I'll take my business somewhere else.Great food and decor. Excellent service.  The staff was very accommodating and attentive.Made reservations for sunday brunch at noon.  Disappointed because i thought it was a buffet but no that ended at 10:30.  Turns out each brunch item includes a appetizer and dessert with all you can drink mimosa, ok, not bad. Uh yeah, 3 out of the 4 of us liked there appetizers of shrimp, crab cakes, beet salad, and another salad.  Beet salad was super small, shrimp had great broth but heads attached and crab cakes are not vegetarian and tasted uncooked.  Steak was good lacked flavor.  Red fish was fishy, eggs bennedict looked sad.  Service was awesome tho from hostess to our servers but for over $150, I rather have gone elsewhere.Chef Rene Bajeaux continues a decades long tradition of delicious dining options at The Rib Room located at the Omni Royal Orleans. Each day, the chef creates a new Prix Fixe menu for only $35. One low price includes an appetizer, entree, and dessert.  I enjoyed a fresh caprese salad, sea bass with a crawfish sauce over yellow rice, mac & cheese, and cranberry meringue. Not only did I eat every bite of my meal (save the mac & cheese that was for sharing), but I wanted more cranberry meringue! yummy! 
I will return for special occasions and I encourage others to also.Sunday brunch. Excellent service from Andrew. From very good to excellent food. Started by sharing a salad with creamy dressing and what tasted like strips of Pringle's - yummy. My friend's shrimp creole with grits was outstanding. I had the eggs sardou (which comes with crab), it was fine but not seasoned. The home fries I added were super salty so together they balanced each other out. This was the most stuffed I was in nola out of all of our brunches and dinners and I had the nerve to scarf down the delicious praline you get on the way out. That's an awesome touch.
Oh - Sugar Bear and the Jazz Cats serenade each table. Very very very good jazz trio, very charming and I am one who is not often interested in being serenaded.
AND the mimosa was perfect. Poured at table with your chosen ratio of OJ and champagne. I am a lightweight and could only handle 1, but the $10 unlimited mimosas are an excellent deal.
Also, very nice ambience. You might think it would be a little stuffy, but the seats were so comfortable and details were so attended to that we were all very comfy.We stopped in there for drinks because we stayed in the Omni but the bar was messy, the staff not very attentive and the drinks expensive (go to the Carousel in the Hotel Monteleone). Went to breakfast there twice and the first time the buffet was great but unfortunately the second time was horrible. It seemed like many items were leftover from the day before. The whole place (hotel included) has a problem delivering a consistent high level of service for a four diamond (seems more like a two).The ambiance is lovely. The holiday drink menu was fun and delicious. 
We decided upon this location based on its Reveillon dinner. $55, four course meal traditionally served just in December. 
My dinner companions and I ordered different items so we could get a full experience. 
The chicken livers were fantastic. The crab salad was lackluster. The seafood gumbo wasn't great, roux was a little burned...the sweet potato soup was okay. The prime rib was excellent. The oysters were well done but missing an accompanying sauce. 
The pork loin was their big disaster. It arrived RAW. Well below safe temps for pork. Took them nearly 30 mins to replace my raw pork and what came back out still was pinker than I'd prefer. It wasn't smoked, so the pink should've been minimum if cooked to a proper 145 degrees internally. 
The sides accompanying that dish were great but I ended up taking it 98% home in a box for 2 reasons- 1) I felt bad for the server and I didn't want to send it back a second time. 2) my dinner companions were basically done eating and waiting on me for the next course. 
The fourth course of bread pudding was the rockstar of the night. 
Our server, Norma, was very sweet- but a bit disconnected. She had some difficulty splitting our bill 2 ways, despite me giving her a receipt with penned check marks notating the items I was responsible for. 
She was clearly unfamiliar with the seasonal drink menu when we asked questions about it. 
When asked for more of the sauce that came with the chicken livers, she brought us remoulade. 
The manager kept checking on us and we were honest about our disappointment. She comped the price of my dinner due to the raw pork. 
I was grateful and hadn't planned on writing a review, but I spent last night with a GI issue that I feel is connected to the 3 bites of pork I DID eat. So, I'm basically writing this from the bathroom...full of regret and wishing I'd just ordered the damn prime rib.While staying at the Omni Royal I came across the Rib Room. I was traveling to New Orleans for the first time. When I arrived the weather was horrible and pouring down rain, so I decided to hit up the restaurant/bar at the hotel to start getting my drink and eat on. :)  I was traveling solo so I love sitting at the bar and eating. It's a great way to chat with the bartenders and other people at the bar. 
Dee'Aundra was the bartender and was fantastic! She was so friendly and easy to talk to. She gave me recommendations on New Orleans which I greatly appreciated. She recommended the Fried P&J Oysters Pastis (Creamed Spinach, Feta Cheese and Roasted Red Peppers) on the appetizer menu. They were delicious!! That was the only menu item I tried as the rain stopped and the sun came out and I decided it was time to adventure out to the streets of the French Quarter. From my brief experience here I would highly recommend!This was about our tenth meal at The Rib Room. It has a beautiful Old New Orleans atmosphere. We sat at a table by the window and loved the Royal Street sights  The staff were attentive as usual. The prime rib with horseradish sauce is the best. Always a good choice!!On a busy Sunday night during Jazz Fest we walked into the Rib Room and found it mostly empty - not the best of signs, but we went in, anyway, seeking a well-timed meal so we could make it to a show later. 
The room is genuinely beautiful--dark and rich--and the tables comfortable. Our window seats provided a stark contrast to some of the wildlife passing-by in the French Quarter. 
After cocktails a server arrived at our table and tossed a bag of bread at us. It was a full loaf,  recently heated. We tore it off in hunks and enjoyed it. Like most of the bread we sampled in New Orleans, it was quite a bit lighter than what we're accustomed to in the west. When we asked about it we were told that the great majority of restaurants in the French Quarter source their bread from the same spot. We liked it enough that we asked for a second bag. 
Salad and appetizers arrived next. My salad with blue cheese dressing featured old romaine lettuce and dressing with much more mayo than cheese - it was the low point of the meal. My wife had prime rib and enjoyed it. My pork chop was HUGE and flavorful, but it was tough. I spent too much time harvesting the chop into more manageable bite-size pieces. We also had really good sweet corn grits and terrific greens with bacon.
And, yes, we did make it to the show on time.This was such a dissapointment, it's hard to even describe. You have to remember the rib room from twenty years ago to understand the state it's in now.
I got the chef special mac and cheese, with ham and shrimp, and it was awful. 
The mac and cheese was passable, watery and bland, but the shrimp on top were so overcooked the were like eating rubber versions of shrimp, I think they might have been cooked initially the day before. They actually stank when they were served.
My dad had a shaved prime rib sandwich, it was a joke. Bread not toasted, prime rib from the day before, nothing on the sammie for moisture, truly bad.
Better sandwiches at arbey's.
Take heed of this review, and the one before it where the poor lady could barely cut through her chicken with a steak knife, it's truly bad. I honestly think they are serving food from the day before.Chicken and waffles! Yes please! Wonderful Sunday Jazz Brunch. Service is impeccable. Magnificent!Really wanted to like this steak house but the quality isn't there. My wife and I is staying in the main hotel and gave it a shot tonight. Seating was fast and the ambiance was nice. The bread came out nice & warm with Generous portions of butter.  Now this is where it gets bad. My wife gets her salad and the lettuce is withered and brown. The waitress gets her a replacement and it's the same. The managers comes over and apologize and takes the salad away and doesn't even ask if we want another replacement. I guess he knows their salads are in bad shape? The waitress is super sweet and offers my wife a free drink on the house. Now the main course comes out and they looked delicious. My first bite into my prime rib was very salty! I power washed my drink down and killed my rib! Starving and wasn't to worried about the extra sodium. My wife's petite filet was very good but her plate was over buttered with garlic which made her nauseous. Overall our waitress was very sweet but the food was not par to the good steak house.The best prime rib I've ever had!!! My husband had the pork chop and it was fantastic!!! Definitely recommend.This is a traditional New Orleans restaurant, which means great service, and a leisurely meal of no less than an hour.  There is a beautiful bar to start you off before you are seated.  You will see a lot of locals here, too.  I have been here for breakfast and lunch, and have had solid meals each time.  They have great service for tea, as well.this restaurant is adjacent to the Omni Royal Hotel and is pretty busy at times.  Although its a hotel restaurant they seem to get a lot of people here for dinner.  More for drinks and its really inviting and very air conditioned compared to many bars.  Its more upscale and very comfortable.  Worth the visit.Quite possibly the best steak I've ever had. Not only that... They offer you to get a flight of sauces to just enjoy the deliciousness even longer.
The steak was cooked to the exact specifications that I ordered and it was too perfect. Our waiter was incredible and very knowledgeable of what he thought we would like. We took all of his recommendations and it was a perfect meal.
I will definitely be back should I ever find myself in New Orleans again.I've stayed in many different Omni hotels, and I think this is one of my favorites, but this has to be my least favorite because of the service, or lack thereof.
My review is based for the breakfast only...
There was one bright shining star for service and it was Veronica.  She was both friendly and attentive.
In my 3 night stay there, the omelette chef was never there on time and the servers and hostess just stand around and talk and laugh.  It is very distracting and rude.  One waitress doesn't even look like she wants to be there and looks very unhappy.
The food in the morning is normal Omni buffet faire, but the service just really drags this place down.  I was so disappointed.
I really hope management reads this and does something with this because it really gives a bad mark to this amazing  hotel...We stayed at the Omni Royal for a few days before our honeymoon cruise in February 2012 and decided to try the Rib Room for dinner the last night we were there.  They got us seated quickly and when they found out we had just gotten married they brought out a champagne toast for us.  We were seated in a private corner by the window, we watched horse drawn carriages go by and the view of the street corner was very much New Orleans and magical.
We chose the calamari to start, it was a little bland and didn't have much flavor and it was also over-cooked.  I chose a salad and my husband got the gumbo as the next course, we were both happy with them.  For my main course I ordered the quail, I was very impressed!  The meat was tender and well flavored and the mashed potatoes and vegetables were smothered in the quail's broth, soo tasty!  My husband chose a steak as his main and he thought it was definitely good but not the best he's tasted.  I agreed with him, the steak was tender and seasoned well but nothing beats our hometown Doe's Eat Place steak.  I don't remember if we chose a dessert, I think we were too stuffed from dinner to make room for dessert. 
Over all I would give the Rib Room 4 stars for taste, 5 stars for service and 5 stars for atmosphere.  When we go back to New Orleans we plan to stay at the Omni Royal again and have dinner at the Rib Room.  I see it being a favorite for many years to come!YESSSS.....someone listened to me and went and hired Chef Rene, formerly of Renes at the Pere Marquette Renaissance!! So far so good, the 3 course lunch specials are back, reasonably priced and tasty. Haven't been here for dinner yet, but looking forward to it. Positive steps in the right direction!!!Seriously good food and service: The Rib Room is as good as it gets. We went there for Saturday lunch around Noon and enjoyed the best service I've had in New Orleans and some of the best food I've lately. Every food we tried was really geat but they're known for the Prime Rib and for very good reason. It's great.
I have to say, though: I thought the cheesecake was just ok. The bottom, chocolate layer really over-powered the taste of cheesecake for me. I mean, it was still good, just not "cheese-cakie" enough for me. The bread pudding, however, was delicious.
The price was fine for the quality of the food and service and I'll definitely go back.Went here for thanksgiving dinner. I really liked the atmosphere, the live music and dining room really made the experience something. I can't justify the food for the price, however. The food was OK, nothing special, and definitely didn't need to end up costing what it did. Would rather go here for drinks and enjoy the environment than actually dine.I'm writing this while I am sitting here having lunch. A disappointment to say the least. The hostess was rude, making me feel uncomfortable to eat anything they bring out to the table. I ordered a beat salad, took over 30-minutes to come, apparently it had crab on it that smells bad. Will not ever come back. It's a good thing that I have my Quest bar, lol....I'll keep it simple. 25 minutes to receive soup appetizer. Our waiter is buddies with couple behind us ..who during our meal watches videos, and holds conversation on their speakerphone. Speak to maitre d and he offers to validate our parking....we didn't park there. A real shame. So many good memories of this place.The new Chef Rene Bajeux just arrived to put the Rib Room on the Map, according to my understanding. He's making some major changes for the better.  example, the French onion soup is a far heartier fare than the traditional "American" French soup, Rene uses beef, chicken, and veal in subtle amounts, providing a truly continental dish. We have returned late at night for the crab cakes, right before they closed, a savory "dessert" with almost no breading, full of tarragon and other herbs. I discovered the strawberries and blueberries topping the bread pudding are local and organic, Try getting this at just about any other restaurant.Everything we ate here was excellent! The bartender Melissa was great and very friendly.Roy is amazing! The bar at the Omni is a wonderful respite from the Bourbon street hustle. Fantastic, well crafted drinks and very good food to boot. Definitely worth a visit.Great food.  Had the 18oz "sizzling" prime rib.
Service was spotty,but the food more than makes up for it.
Even the bread was excellent.
Sitting there, you feel that the place has some history.Class. Elegance. Service. These characteristics describe The Rib Room. 
We were waited on and doted over by no less than five people and it was a busy night. The manager walked my father to the restroom to show him where it was. 
The prime rib was superb. The lamb ribs fell off the bone. The horseradish that came with the prime rib lit my face on fire, in a good way. 
The ambience was excellent. The steak master stood in front of ducks roasting under roaring fires and massive ovens where he personally approved of each steak that goes out.
Can't recommend this place higher.We went here last year and really enjoyed ourselves so we were surprised by the average reviews on yelp. We went back a couple of weeks ago and now get the problem. It was a poor experience. My prime rib was over cooked, my wife's fish was terrible. We basically didn't eat our dinners and our very nice waitress acted like or didn't notice the full plates when she took them away. Thankfully we ate lots of bread and didn't leave hungry. We won't go back.The Rib Room looks straight out of a black-and-white movie, and we expected to see Fred and Ginger sit down at the table next to us.
The menu has seven prime rib choices, our waitress did a fine job of explaining the differences.  My buddy had prime rib; I had a seafood platter.  Both entrees were excellent.  Also excellent was the loaf of bread they brought to our table.
Good service, good food, a nice change of atmosphere from the typical French Quarter restaurant.This is so sad to me because my husband and I absolutely love everything else about the Omni Royal Hotel, except the Rib Room. 
I love the restaurant it self - it is very old world charm. We have had breakfast buffet here on many occasions and the omelette station is great but service is always kind of slow and sloppy - compared to the amazing service we're used to getting in the rest of the quarter fine dining establishments. 
We had dinner here on my birthday a few days ago - our first time. I had the Gumbo which was tasteless. My husband's turtle soup didn't have much flavor either. 
The dinner salad was sad. Dressing on the side and some chopped up ice berg lettuce with bred croutons. Just plain boring diner salad. 
My rotisserie chicken must have been cooked way in advance and was completely dry and flavorless and served with soggy spinach.
My husband had the prime rib and the meat was tasty but the baked potato it came with was again diner quality. 
I had a side of the cauliflower au gratin which arrived pretty much after we finished our meal in a thick béchamel sauce and cheddar cheese on top. Yikes!
We will not come back ever!This place was a huge disappointment for Thanksgiving dinner.  They served overly breaded/fried oysters that were bland and tasteless.  Isn't that a crime in NOLA?  And, their 'turkey' was really dried out turkey roll - and you didn't even get a choice of white or dark meat.  The serving staff was mediocre but the price was outrageous! I will never recommend or go to the Rib Room again.  Terrible experience.I've only had breakfast here but it was pretty good. I mostly go for the relaxing atmosphere. Servers are very friendly.This has always been my favorite restaurant for the most succulent cuts of meats, the most tasty BBQ shrimp and the best service in the city. Anytime we host large groups, this is always our Go-To spot. But last month the experience was over the top. When I went to the hostess a few days before our reservation and told her that I had planned on proposing to my girlfriend after the meal, she got super excited and said she needed to get her manager. Melecia came out with the biggest smile, introduced herself and genuinely expressed her excitement that we chose their restaurant for our special day. She asked what my plan was. I told her at dessert time, I would like to have a covered platter delivered to the table with the ring inside to surprise my girlfriend as they took off the lid. She coordinated this perfectly and even lined the bottom of the platter with rose petals (which she had bagged up for us to take home after the meal as a memory). My now Fiancé was in complete shock. The proposal went off without a hitch and little did I know, either Melecia or one of her staff members was right behind me filming the whole event which she then texted to my partner in crime who was holding the ring until it was time to pass it on to the restaurant. I can't give enough praise to Felecia, the hostess and our servers for making this special night even more special!!! And of course, the entire dinner party raved about every item we ordered. Thanks again! See you soon!!!No surprise my 5-star favorite has gone down to 3.5 stars.  Katie at the bar is trying to handle three times the work a bartender should.  Your high-end clientele are walking... I'm watching them leave as we speak, drinkless, while I watch this whirlwind bartendress do the best she can, she is amazing, but set up to fail.I booked a private room for my husbands 50th birthday/25th corporate anniversary party.   I booked a room for 12.   The process was SO easy.   I called, about 6 months in advance, especially since his birthday fell on Mardi Gras weekend, spoke with a real human being.  She was wonderful, very helpful. 
They only charged me 150.00 to hold the room.  When we arrived at the restaurant the evening of, they were waiting for us.  They had the room all set up beautifully.   
The table looked so nice.   They had three fixed menus, I choose the one that was right in the middle, price wise.   Came with appetizer choices, salad, soup, meal choice, dessert, etc. 
We also had a private waiter who not only called me by my first name all nite, he was wonderful! 
The service was great, the private room was below the restaurant, so we could be as loud as we needed to be, and we didnt disturb anyone else. 
The food choices were great, and they all tasted great too. 
We got wine, booze, food, service, all of it was fantastic! 
I recommend this restaurant to anyone going to NO.  Especially if you have a private party.  They have plenty of private rooms to choose from. 
And honestly the prices were totally reasonable for everything that we got. 
Thanks everyone!  We had a blast!Five stars are so very rare for me...But, I've been enjoying this place for years, recently went here for lunch and had a phenomenal roast beef debris Po Boy. This is honestly the best one in town in my opinion. It's not the typical roast beef Po Boy either. This meat is more like the texture of pulled pork, as it's shredded beef.  It also isn't soppy messy with debris gravy, it isn't necessary. The moisture and tenderness come from perfectly cooked meat and a horseradish mayo type of dressing.  
They racked up all the extra points too: great service, we could eat comfortably at the bar for lunch, they had a good selection of by-the-glass wines, and the sea salt fries were perfect.
I'll definitely have this for lunch again many, many more times...Expensive but the filet was worth it. 8 ounce filet for 43$ might seem like a lot but for a special occasion dinner it was very good. The mac and cheese side was meh but the scallop appetizer was also great. Great wine selection as well.Having worked at the RO, am very familiar with the Rib Room and it's cuisine..decided to try the Coolinary menu ...Gumbo was cold and stew like..not a classic NOLA gumbo..Rib Room salad was overloaded with kale and few other greens..the debris poor boy had not a lick of Swiss cheese as advertised and the French bread was cold  and soggy...the fries were geeasy and tepid at best...a waste of time and not up to Rib Room standard..dont insult locals with cheap food. Won't try that again!Amazing is all I can say!  Perfect service, excellent food and wonderful atmosphere!  We were here early December 2017 and I shared the queen cut of prime rib with Mom.  It included a salad and baked potato and i started with turtle soup with sherry...yum, yum, yum.  They split the whole meal and served it perfectly plated.  Our Prime Rib was exactly The level of Cooked it should be when you order Rare, and the chocolate bread pudding was scrumptious!  Our waiter was perfectly attentive and our water glasses were filled promptly as was our wine!  Overall a fantastic experience in a beautiful place.  Christmas decor was gorgeous too!Outstanding! Had the prime Rib and Mac n' Cheese. Both were perfect. I could smell our Prime rib being prepared with au jus prepared to order just for that plate. Mac n' cheese was some of the best I've ever had. Service was paced a little slower than your average place, but the servers were polite and attentive. I will definitely eat here every time I am in NOLA.My guy and I decided to dine at the Rib Room for Valentine's Day this year.  We were looking for somewhere different that we hadn't tried before.  Not sure how we stumbled upon this place but we figured it was worth a try.
I really liked the atmosphere.  It had an old steak house feel to it - very cool.  In general the food was ok.  I think we expected it to be much better than it was but even still, it wasn't bad.  The BBQ shrimp and Cream Cheese Grits were delicious!  I kinda wish I'd made that my meal.  I think they should consider combining them as an entree!
The steaks were just ok.  We were actually disappointed in them.  I think we expected them to be in line with Ruth's Chris, especially since the prices were.  But...they were nothing special, in my opinion.  
Cool vibe and good bites.  Don't go expecting the steak of your life.  Not gonna happen.A quiet Tuesday night in the Quarter was the perfect setting for a wonderful meal at the Rib Room. Perfectly seasoned and roasted prime rib, melt in your mouth short rib and a great Sazerac - yum yum yum. True southern hospitality - thank you Hugo! And real kudos to chef Michael at the helm! Looking forward to being 'regulars'.We had reservations at 6:00 & they didn't get to us until 5 mins. after, we were 15 mins early. They were having there team meeting. I think they tend to run it a little to long it don't start it soon enough. Same thing happened to us the day b4 for lunch. Our food was excellent but the only nice person to us was the hostess/greeter gentleman. I made a little joke with the lady serving our water & bread & she didn't crack a smile at all. We had to have two checks and our server seemed annoyed with us. Overall it was still a gr8 experience as the food made up for it.This restaurant had the worse service and food I have had anywhere The steaks had no taste at all and were full of stringy fat. (Filet).  The puree Cauliflower was like soup, and the bread was stale. The cheese grits were even less than average. How do you mess those up in New Orleans.
The wait staff could have cared less if you were there, and sat us at a table next to a table filled with overflow food and bottles that were never cleared. Drinks were not refilled, and desert wasn't even offered. For what this meal cost I could have eaten in a good restaurant and enjoyed the time.  Don't go here.I would have loved to have left a review on the food but when my husband and I asked for a table for two. Mind you half the place was empty and it was 8pm. They said they were only taking reservations and could not seat us. There was no one waiting and plenty of tables open. I have never been so appalled with service. Don't worry we will take our money elsewhereWell what can I say. We had a reservation for 4 people. It tool 30 minutes for the waitress to come to the table to tell us that the wine was not in stock. The lobster mac and cheese had no lobster, there was however a hair in it, the mashed potatoes were as salty as hell, the Brussels sprouts were not available and we waited 2 hours to find that out. The manager to us that the menu was new and they were still getting used to it but that doesn't explain the meat being overcooked and clearly waited until it was cold to be served. Yes we paid a fraction of the bill, but in my opinion we shouldn't have paid at all. Find somewhere with great service and avoid this restaurant. We watched as other negative reviews were posted last night and today mysteriously gone.Rib Room, what happened?! My family and I would eat here all the time when we vacationed in New Orleans pre-Katrina and it was wonderful! My boyfriend and I went here a few weeks ago and we were completely disappointed. The charm I remembered was completely gone due to the poor waitstaff. All the other reviews I've read on here are more than accurate regarding the waiters and that is a complete shame. The food was still tasty, but I felt like it was no longer worth the price because the service was so poor. I'm so sad it has changed so much (for the worse) over the years. I really hope someone can re-vamp the place and return it to its former glory.First restaurant we tried at New Orleans and it certainly didn't disappoint. The atmosphere was classy and elegant. Came here for my dad's bday dinner. The staff, especially Courtney and the manager, were really accommodating. The prime rib was delicious and extremely tender. Get the duck glazed reduction sauce with it. The lamb was really tasty. There was no gaminess whatsoever. Overall a good experience. They also gave my dad dessert:)After reading the TP review, three of us thought we'd check it out for ourselves.  To quote Mr. Anderson, "The competency of the service today varies wildly, from suavely expert to fascinatingly clueless."  Unfortunately, the service tonight was the latter. Our maitre d' was unable to recite the specials, and openly admitted he did not remember them as he awkwardly fumbled for words.  He then proceeded to explain, for far too long, the definition of a bouillabaisse.  I cringe a little when such unwarranted explanations occur- it reminds me of the rare occurrence of a waiter explaining the definition of Shrimp Creole- being a native, I find it little insulting be branded a tourist by default.  I mean, I wasn't sitting there in flip-flops sucking on a Hand Grenade.  This was all a prelude to numerous incidents falling under the category of "fascinatingly clueless."  Our waitress was absent for much of the meal, and she seemed confused and "in the weeds."  I had a glass of Pinot Grigio.  When I finished, the waitress asked, "Would you like another Riesling?"  I just said no.  I hate Riesling.  Here comes "another" glass of Riesling anyway.  Tara's diet coke kept getting refilled, but instead of bringing another one and taking the old one away, the waitress would pick up the empty one, refill it (we could see her) and bring it back.  This happened repeatedly.  Ok, I'm thinking, are we at the Rib Room or Outback Steakhouse?  Who does that?  We ordered coffees with our desserts, and the desserts came.  Then we waited, and waited, for the coffee.  When the coffee finally came, no cream was brought to the table.  I had to get up out of my seat, hunt down the coffee waiter, and ask for it.  When it did come, it was skim milk, which is a pet peeve of mine.  Skim milk in coffee pisses me off, especially in a fine dining establishment.
Now, to the food:
Apps were decent: 
roasted ryals farm goat cheese with-tomato coulis, kalamata olive, herb garlic bread- 4 stars
house smoked salmon with poppyseed, spanish caviar, juniper berry vinaigrette, potato galette- 4 stars
p&j oyster amandine with brown butter, capers, almonds- 4 stars
The apps were all very flavorful, and primed us for entrees we anticipated to be equal in quality.  Unfortunately, all three entrees were disappointing:
11 oz. prime rib- sea salt, herb roasted; served with rib room salad, baked idaho potato and au jus-  Ok, to quote Brett Anderson again, "Texturally, prime rib is closer to sashimi tuna than to grilled ribeye steak, a cousin cut from the same part of the cow. This at least is the case when prime rib is served (as it should be) medium rare, which yields meat that looks and tastes as though it were merely warmed, not cooked -- a desired trait in a luxury protein that, like lobster, requires little more from a chef than the application of heat."  I ordered mine medium rare.  It came out virtually raw, like almost still alive, and very tough- it looked like it jumped out of a Fred Flinstone cartoon.  I had to send it back to be cooked a little longer.  It was still tough and chewy- I would not describe it as close to sashimi tuna in texture, and it was very fatty. The gravy was good, but I've had better (and much less expensive) prime rib in a low-brow casino.  A one star FAIL.
8 oz. prime filet mignon-  choice of: green peppercorn sauce, french bordelaise, rib room butter or house steak sauce.  Ordered medium, but it came out like a dried up piece of hoof, with no sauce. Texture and flavor of mom's rump roast was much better.  Seriously, a better filet can be gotten at Texas Road House (a place I despise because it's gross.)  Mashed potatoes were dry.  Another one star FAIL.
Chicken grand mere with bacon, mushroom, pearl onion, jus
This is half a rotisserie chicken.  The way the maitre d' went on about it, you'd think it would be the best chicken you've ever had.  It came out dry and completely lacking in flavor.  A much better rotisserie chicken can be bought at Rouse's- 6.99 for a whole chicken. Third and final one star FAIL.
The desserts were good, but forgettable.  I'm not going to bother describing them.
I don't mind paying a premium for a good dining experience.  I DO mind paying a premium for a shitty dining experience.  NEVER again.This was my favorite dining in Nawlins. The food was stupendous, the service pheonominal. Andre, Luis, Eddison gave GREAT service. Even if the food was mediocre, I would go back for the service. But the food was magnificent. The executive chef came to our table to make sure r were satisfied. Class act restaurant. My kind of place.Do not waste your time here. 
Menu looks good, facility is impressive- but the service absolutely stinks. 
This was early in the evening- the place was almost empty. 
Placed our order, and 30 minutes later had to ask for my salad. 
After waiting more than an hour for my prime rib - which they are named for - I canceled our order.
The manager came and asked why - I asked "are you kidding me?"  She has the opportunity to make up for it by at least comping the wine - but she didn't. She didn't do anything but charge me the most she possibly could for wasting over 90 minutes of my time. 
Even our bartender was embarrassed at the service. 
Do yourself a favor - DO NOT GO HERE - GO TO DICKIE BRENNANS. 
Would give them zero stars if possible.Went for lunch with my sister.  I thought the food was good.  We started with a crab cake, which I didn't care for.  I prefer my crab cakes to have more breading...this was just a cake of lump crab meat, which I'm sure most people would love.
I had the redfish for an entree and it was tasty--not the best redfish I've had, but good.  For dessert I had the pound cake with strawberries and a cup of coffee.  It was great coffee and very moist pound cake.
The service was good, a tad slow at times, but it was nice to enjoy a good lunch in the quarter.Very disappointed ! The service was excellent. I ordered the French onion soup which was too strong tasting of beef broth. It was too overwhelming and I could not finish the soup. I ordered the filet and my husband ordered the prime rib . I wanted my filet rare and it was pretty close but it was a tough piece of meat and was very salty. My husband said his prime rib was very salty as well but the mixed greens were very good .
Again service was excellent but food was salty and mediocre. Very disappointed since we expected a higher end food for the money we spent !With the mixed reviews, I was somewhat skeptical, but open minded to trying Rib Room. My boyfriend and I were pleasantly surprised. I ordered the French onion soup and princess cut prime rib. The soup was delicious, very flavorful, and the princess cut was cooked to perfection. The princess cut was plenty big for me, no need to get the larger size. My boyfriend got the bbq shrimp and the rib-eye and those were delicious and cooked perfectly as well. The service was excellent and the atmosphere intimate and cozy. I have been to many a steakhouse and this one certainly compares to the best of the best.Went here for lunch on a recent trip to New Orleans and was blown away by how delicious the food was. Smoked salmon and bbq shrimp appetizers were so good I could have licked the plate! Great ambiance and attentive service. Noticed a lot of local businessmen eating here so you know it's good if natives frequent the spot.Start with the perfect Manhattan and end with the perfect raisin bread pudding. Everything in between along with great service made this is a place I would definitely recommend.Noooooooo- Chef Rene has left the building and now its back  to whatever wretched crap they can dredge up off the sysco truck! Fabulous hotel, iconic restaurant, dedicated staff, but pitiful food! What a shame!!  HIRE A REAL CHEF!!!!Great ambiance  to start. The staff was especially friendly. Food took a bit long but all was very good. Had the chefs choice prime rib. Perfect cut with minimal fat. 
Prices very good for quality of food and serviceSomething definitely felt off about this place..  30 sumthin dollars for a very bland looking piece of meat on the bone and servers who clearly aren't up to par with upscale prices ( spilling your water and salad and not tidying up???) true it was Christmas day but the food didn't
Match the prices. I had the chicken pasta which was
Ok but my friend had the prime rib and it looked prime gross. Horrible presentation and lack luster accoutrements made me wish we had taken our large bill elsewhere. My expensive meat dish mustnt look like soggy beef......Was there for a private lunch during Mardi Gras. 
Service was outstanding.
Had the biggest and one of the best prime rib ever.
Appetizers, especially the shrimp, was outstanding.
Not sure how it is outside of a private function, but our experience was excellent and it appeared full ever day.   
It is one block off of Bourban Street in the Omni Hotel.Rib room is old school elegant N'awlins in the heart of the French quarter. We were here for brunch during Southern Decadence and caught quite an eye-full through their large glass windows. The place is gorgeous inside, and the food is top notch. Fried oysters, salmon, prime rib, Sardou, and excellent deserts. Everything seemed to be first rate, and the service was also outstanding. Plenty of champagne and food for an army. Expect to leave hating yourself for the over-indulgence though! Lead us not into temptation. Deliver me from the table.I stopped in for lunch today, since I'm staying at the hotel.  It started off well with a delicious Bloody Mary at the bar while I waited for the Rib Room to open for lunch.  The waiter brought very fresh warm bread and butter very promptly once I was seated.  However, it went downhill from there.  I wasn't super hungry so I just ordered something that sounded southern, the fried oysters with bacon, jalapeno and crab bearnaise sauce appetizer.  Unfortunately it had zero flavor.  How someone can take all those fantastic ingredients and make them flavorless is beyond comprehension.  I did mention my dissapointment to my waiter in a polite way and was kind of surprised he didn't apologize or offer something else when he saw I had only taken a bite or two.  Given the blah cuisine and indifferent staff, I will not return.  Don't waste your hard earned vacation budget here Yelpers.This is a great restaurnat located in the Omni Royal Hotel. A very enjoyable experience all around. Three of us went for Saturday brunch. We arrived right as the place opened; it remained pretty empty throughout our meal. Our waiter Nguyen honestly highlighted his favourite and recommended menu items and his advice did not disappoint. The appetizers he recommend (shrimp, chicken livers and crab cake) were all great, yes even the chicken livers. (Warning: the shrimp comes heads on which is a con for me). The boudin that came with the crab cake was almost better than the crab cakes itself. App portions were small, not enough to share only one app among the three of us, but provided a great sample. The appetizers do not have prices listed next to them, but to give you an idea we paid $14 for the crab. For my main I chose the redfish over a sweet potato hash. It was a massive portion of fish and a great meal all around. I loved the flavours of each aspect of my dish and, like Nguyen, highly recommend this dish. Service was quick, correct, efficient, and  provided in a friendly manner by all staff from the chef to the manger, and of course by Nguyen our waiter. At the end of the meal the chef came over to chat and after talking with us ended up providing a sample of prime rib for the table. From all the items the restaurant comped us the total bill price was rather reasonable for three people. I would definitely go to this place again given the opportunity.As guests at the Omni, I was pleased to find that the Rib Room would be our go to place for breakfast.  The decor is regal and inviting and it is a place that I would love to sit with coffee and enjoy a conversation with a friend.  I ordered oatmeal with walnuts, dried cherries and brown sugar.  I am an oatmeal nut, and this oatmeal was the perfect start to my day as well as a warm in stomach expansion for the food frenzy that is New Orleans.  The other items on the menu looked great.  I have to say that the best thing at my experience here was the service.  We had several people attend to us, ask if we need anything, pull our chairs out etc.  That's the type of service that makes a meal special and just puts me in a good mood the rest of the day.  I loved talking to the staff and they provided excellent recommendations for us. I wouldn't think twice about returning.We were put on a waiting list for Christmas Eve dinner, and were able to be squeezed in.  The Server asked if we liked Prime Rib and proceeded to tell us that we should order it rare, it comes with baked potato and salad and when we said ok, he started to run off before we could order appetizers.  My Husband called him back and ordered, I was about to order one as well when he ran off.  Hence..no appetizer for me.  My prime rib was just awful.  It was stringy and had a big vein running through it.  I could barely cut it.  The salad was already dressed with blue cheese dressing and as my Husband would say, they just waved the blue cheese over it.  After our plates were cleared, the server then said, well can I bring you anything else, no offer for us to see a desert menu, we asked for the check and left.  This whole diner took less than an hour.  With so many fabulous places in NOLA, don't waste your time or money.  You can eat much better for less!This is a negative review I'd rather not have to write, but it was such an awful meal that I am compelled to ward anyone off.
My brother regularly eats here during Mardi Gras because he stays at the hotel when he's in town. So, when he came in for business last week it was one of the places he wanted to go.  
The ambience was very pleasing - piano player in the foyer and pretty calm/quiet. (It was a Thursday night.) 
Staff - i would give them a C-. The funniest part of this experience was that the host explained to us what pralines are more than once. Of course, none of us felt any sense of duty to explain to him that we are all FROM NEW ORLEANS. We all know what a praline is, and yours ARE NOT THAT GREAT, BUDDY. Not the worst... But a praline isn't supposed to be gooey unless it's just been created and hasn't been thoroughly cooled. Cold gooey praline = how did you mess up the recipe, I wonder?
The staff continuously interrupted our conversations without apology. RUDE. I ordered the veal Parmesan and was not impressed. The pasta side had no flavor whatsoever. The veal was so thickly breaded, I had to wonder if there was any meat in there at all. Then it was covered with cheese. I remember the description saying tomatoes... Where were the tomatoes? I know the description didn't say anything about sauce... But I was really hoping for those tomatoes. I was very hungry, but chose to only eat a few bites. Thank goodness I had a tangerine waiting for me in the car, and that I had some protein from the pecans in my praline.
Two stars given solely for ambience.Ambiance
Nice and not too noisy.  Decor was classy dark wood and crystal chandeliers.
Service 
English was not the first language for our waitress. She had trouble understanding what we were ordering. We were trying we got everything we ordered.
Value
It was $$$ or $$$$.  
Wine
Wine list was extensive but not exhaustive and reasonably priced.
Food
I have the shepherd's pie. It is a take on the classic with some excellent sauce and prime rib.  The wife had a flat iron steak with chimichurri sauce to die for.
The desert we have the Snickerdoodle creme brulee. It was good but not memorable.We stayed at the Omni inn while in NOLA so we decided on New Years day to have dinner here. Be prepared to spend a good amount of money if you are going here because this place nickle and dimes you a bit, everything is ordered separate, meaning nothing comes with your entree other than the meat option, so for example I ordered a prime rib, I had to order and pay extra for any sides that may come with that. This I didn't really care for, the cost of the meat seemed pricey based on what you got which was also a bit disappointment, however the prime rib was good.Hostess was not seen for a few minutes of us just standing there, she was probably seating someone else so that was ok, but the bartenders were just looking at us, not a care in the world if we needed any help. My sazerac glass looked like it had never been polished but was a well built cocktail. The food was a hit besides the brussels, they cut them in half to cook faster but these were cookes too long imo. Server was very nice, but could use training in multitasking. Again did not seem like a busy night, and taking that mistakes in restaurants happen when things are slow I will be back.Disclaimer: I went to sit at the bar for one glass of wine and to finish watching game 3 of NBA finals. Scott, the bartender was absolutely one of the most rude and immature people I've ever met. I'll admit, I took a draw from my ecig indoors, which is legal where I'm from. Instead of asking me to step outside, he verbally abused me. Called me names, mocked me (only way to describe it: he looked like Donald Trump when he mocked the handicapped reporter), and yelled at me. No warning or request, he went 0-100 in no time. When a cocktail waitress tried to smooth it over, he doubled and tripled down. Absolutely horrendous service. Appealing and disgusting.My fiancé had made a reservation for 2 for our date night there since he notice I was craving a good prime rib. Since he heard Rib Room have known for their prime rib, it was the place to go. 
Place was beautiful, and for the Christmas holiday,  even better.
We were seated to a table that was not well equipped for a reserve table.
The guy that serve us before our assigned waiter,  had given us bread, water, but with plate to hold our bread.
And when our assigned waiter serve us, he didn't notice our table  was not properly equipped.  He had taken our order.  And yes,  got his hand tied up,, forgotten my fiancé request, of adjustment to his drink. 
Our order took really long, yes, even for the crab salad appetizer. 
My prime rib came really later (half way through my fiancé finishing up his rib eye),,, and the prime rib can out medium done (and I requested medium rare), and it was room temperature.
When we ask for another one, they later came back to inform me that the whole prime rib is not available after a malfunction.  I simply ask them to give me whatever medium rare meat that is available.
The filet came out not so sizzling hot medium rare. 
Taste not at all to what is priced. Served simply with a plain, almost bland, dark red sauce that look like the steak bleed. 
I was at that point, starving.  And finish it up since my fiancé made all this effort to take me here on a Saturday's night in the French Quarter. 
Than we decided to order  1 dessert.
Something apple cake desert.
Came out dry, over powering cinnamon Bundt cake, and the cream, whatever the cream color sauce was,, look and tasted like  melted warm ice cream.
We took 1 small bite, and drop the  spoon.
Paid our bill and just wanted to call it a night.
Very disappointed with the service and food for what we've paid for and for what it supposedly known for.
I gave it a 1 star since the decor.Great service and location.  Good sized portions and good bar area.  A little bit of a wait even though they just opened for dinner (I suspect they forgot about us as we sat at the bar).  Good selection of food.Located in the Omni Royal Hotel.  Not bad, but certainly not what was expected....Pretty and a very empty restaurant, mediocre service, great wine, mediocre service, poor and sad side choices, mediocre service, bone-in rib eye wasn't as good as what can be done on a home BBQ, poor sides, empty restaurant and did I mention, mediocre service.This is a quiet, dark restaurant. Not what I expected. I think it could stand a bit of brightening up. It's kind of pricey but not too bad. I had the princess cut prime rib, which is $31 but comes with a loaded baked potato (cheese, green onion, bacon with the option of sour cream and horseradish) and with a salad (the classic rib room salad). You also get complimentary rolls. For the salad, I opted for the champagne vinaigrette instead of the bleu cheese dressing. The salad was good but there are some greens I just don't jive with and it had some in there. I had some very bitter bites. The dressing was great though. I'd buy a bottle of it if I could. The prime rib was super tender and juicy. The outside crust was seasoned to perfection. Our server, Dayton, was super nice and helpful. We were greeted by a very nice gentleman in a suit and bowtie. He was very cheerful, which made me smile. Overall, it was a good experience.Came for a standing room event in the back, which was a nice venue for a gathering. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The bartender had good suggestions, and the waitstaff was very attentive. 
The food was diverse and well prepared. We had traditional gumbo, a cheese platter, lamb lollipops, a salmon app, and the prime rib. This was all finished off with a delicious red velvet cake. 
Luckily, I wasn't the one paying, so I don't have much insight in that regard! I would happily return on someone else's dollar!After a hot and warm rainy day walking through the French Quarter we came across this restaurant in the middle of shell fish nation... I was more than happy to find it, it as great food, great wine selection, service and the overall ambiance is in the upper side. Definitely a place to keep on your list for all non-seafood lovers.The foie Gras starter was ok. Tiny for $25. Too much sauce. Over powered the foie Gras. The entrees were absolutely delicious though. The lamb was perfect. It had a sweet crust that was delicious. The sautéed kale was amazing. My husband had the chefs special prime rib. Queen cut. He thoroughly enjoyed it. If you get a side of lobster go for the butter poached. A little over cooked but very rich once you dip it in the sauce they give you. They gave us free dessert for our anniversary. Our server was very sweet and attentive. There was a live little jazz band laying in the little sitting area right outside the restaurant on a Friday night. Great date night restaurant inside the Omni Royal.We stopped here by mistake looking for a bathroom but ended up having a drink and cheese plate at the bar. The plate came with honey comb, which was substituted for marmalade when it arrived. We did get our honeycomb and the drinks were very good a decently priced.I've stayed in many different Omni hotels, and I think this is one of my favorites, but this has to be my least favorite because of the service, or lack thereof.
My review is based for the breakfast only...
There was one bright shining star for service and it was Veronica.  She was both friendly and attentive.
In my 3 night stay there, the omelette chef was never there on time and the servers and hostess just stand around and talk and laugh.  It is very distracting and rude.  One waitress doesn't even look like she wants to be there and looks very unhappy.
The food in the morning is normal Omni buffet faire, but the service just really drags this place down.  I was so disappointed.
I really hope management reads this and does something with this because it really gives a bad mark to this amazing  hotel.We dined for lunch, and had a very mixed experience.  Upon arrival, I got the feeling that the staff thought i was not dressed appropriately, and chose to stick us in a corner.  I wasn't dressed up like the rest of the occupants, so maybe that is my fault, but i didn't think a blouse and slacks warranted the ostracism, i mean, it was lunch on a Wednesday.   
The waiter we got did not have the same attitude towards us, and was friendly and helpful.  I had the best bowl of french onion soup ever, and will try to get this again before leaving town.  My husband's meal of the prime rib sandwich was mediocre, but a very large portion.  I feel neutral towards the Rib Room after this experience, and would not recommend nor deter anyone from trying it out.We expected more.
First up, I am a loyal Omni Hotel visitor so I know what the chain has to offer. I assumed the Rib Room would deliver based on my expectations.
It did not.
Atmosphere is great, food is .... ok and service is also ... ok. Ribeye was highlighted on the menu but was barely seasoned and the accompanying creamed spinach was served lukewarm. My wife's beef was awesome and hot, but not what I ordered.
The restaurant was basically empty during our visit, so there is really no reason or excuse for the lack of perfection. 
Good but not great. That said, the people watching through the windows can be pretty entertaining!I went here about a few months ago and the ribs were the best I'd ever tasted. It was cooked perfectly. Lots of flavor, juicy, and a huge thick cut. The staff was also extremely friendly and helpful. Couldn't ask for better hospitality. Definitely need to go back and highly recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans.What a disappointment!   The king cut was less than 1 inch at one end and 1/2 inch at the other.  It was half fat and pointless to satisfy.  I live here and have had much better at this venue.  But everything changes, me to  I won't be back.I don't know if I am more of a fan of Todd, the bartender, or the bar itself that is located in the Rib Room.  But I will say, that this little establishment is a very nice ending to a long day of conference droning. A rather large group of us have been staying at the Omni...and of course, hotel bars are always such a nice convenience.  
The basic decor of the hotel and the restaurant were very masculine...the restaurant was dark, lots of brass fixtures and heavy chairs...add a charming bartender in a black vest who can make a very smooooooth old fashion...the bar became more than just a convenience...but a very charming place to relax and visit with fellow conference goers...and people watching.  After about an hour of people watching, I was reminded, in a fond way, of those old movies with phrases like "wanna come up for a night cap?"This would have been a 5-star review, but a dream night turned into a frat nightmare quickly.
My fiancé and I dined at the Rib Room 2/11/17. We arrived just before our reservation at 8 and were seated right away by a very polite Muhammad (Sorry if that is spelled incorrectly.) There was a large party of 18-23-year-old students from University of Alabama taking up the entire middle of the restaurant, and a group in the upstairs seating. They were loud and inappropriate the entire time we were there, from 8pm to about 10:45 pm. The groups were inebriated, some of the girls at the table had to be held up by friends to walk to and from the restrooms. For some reason the continued to be served alcohol. They loudly made a toast calling "Roll Tide" at the end, as an obvious antagonizing statement in a competitors hometown. Towards the end of the meal the upstairs party started to yell down at the children in the dining room and kicking the railing that was right above my head. Apparently some of the students emptied their bank accounts and we shouting across the restaurant for other students cards to pay for drinks.
One of the boys in the group had the gall to ask Andre what we said to him about them, when we were discussing wines and the cellar!
With that out of the way here is how our night went:
We were seated right away at a banquet table right next to a column, cozy with what feels like some intimacy for such an open dining room. Jessica was our server and was superb. She can meet her tables at any level, was so sweet and extremely caring. She apologized to us no less than 10 times that night, and at one point looked as if she was going to cry because she could not control the chaos that was affecting us. Muhammed came to visit once during our meal. A gentle man named Andre was tasked with helping us find a wine locker for my fiancé's grandfather that has been in the Rib Room's cellar for more than 40 years. He died last year and the dinner was not just a birthday celebration for myself, but a way of paying homage to his grandfather. Andre also apologized profusely for the behavior of the children in the dining room. He was attentive and caring enough to help us find the locker, as it had been moved.
As for the food, the kitchen did a stand-up job. I wish I knew their names to praise them. We ordered the Fried P&J Oysters, a Rib Room Salad, an 8oz filet, a 16oz ribeye, asparagus, a fried lobster tail, and a loaded baked potato. Everything was perfect, from steak temps, to the extra cheese and butter Jessica remembered for my potato. I actually had to cover my plate to stop eating before I hurt myself.
So the real problem in that night is with management. I called today to talk about what happened and the manager that was on Saturday night, Melecia, was on today. Melecia did not once touch our table that night. Between the two of us my fiancé and myself have 30 years of restaurant experience at every level. Never once have I been to a restaurant nicer than a Chili's that a manager did not come to the table when there were issues. I called today 9:30 am and was told Melecia would be given my message. She did not return my call. I called again at 1pm, to let Melecia know that I contacted the Associate Director of the Office of Fraternity and Sorority Life and was passing her information along to him. She was extremely dismissive and said that "The group knew they were supposed to behave" and that "it was an extremely busy night. She told me she would be back in touch with me, and did not call me back.
It was a lapse in management's judgement to continue to serve those children alcohol after they become a nuisance. It was a lapse on managements judgement to not ask the table to leave after the first several complaints.
Now I also know that I was not the only person to be truly offended by these to groups from UA, because the first time I called today, the young lady that answered the phone (after I explained what I was calling about) asked if we were the table with the lobster entrée. We were not.
It may be unfair to give such a low rating for poor management decisions, but it needs to be put out there. And it's extremely unfair to send out kind people like Andre and Jessica to do damage control. It was a pleasure to be helped by him and Jessica, but it's very poor practice for a manager to be so far removed from the dining room activities as to allow a group take control of the entire room and ruin the dinner experiences of everyone else in the dining room.
Recap: Service  -  perfect
            Food    -    perfect
            Hostess -  perfect
            Post meal wine cellar service - perfect
            Management/atmosphere - failureWe had an amazing time! Awesome food and awesome staff!! Kenneth our server was great! Kenneth was down to earth and a lot of fun! We are from downtown Chicago and have a high standard of food.  The seafood all around was the best we have ever had! We went to other top New Orleans restaurants and this topped them all!!  Thank goodness we found this!!Nice, simple and serious restaurant. The service is great and they seem to really care. Good menu with good prices. Great place to come for lunch and have some drinks. The chicken is very good as is steak salad.
Dinner here was fine. Definitely try to get a balcony seat for dinner for people watching!My wife and I decided to try the rib room based on site reviews we dine out 2-3 nights a week so consider ourselves veterans I chose the bone in short rib when I tried first bite found it was stone cold I have never had a cold steak before so quite shocked given rating of this restaurant the waiter apologized and took back to kitchen in meantime my wife ate alone and my side dishes got cold the replaced short rib was hot but quality of cut was in question so I ate couple bites then quit the mgr asked about meal and offered a free dessert the short rib was $34 so we weren't happy the service was also subpar I can honestly say one of worst meal experiences we have had in yearsThe Rib Room Bar!!!! Had the best time before heading to the clubs.  Good crowd. Live music. And great drinks!!! Ask for Wendy! Very accommodating. She worked with my fruit allergy to still make me an awesome champagne cocktail! Overall elegant old New Orleans feel. Thanks for making us feel appreciated as guests Omni!We decided to check this place out because we liked their restaurant month menu posted online. We even booked thru the restaurant month site only to arrive and be told they weren't offering with no reason as to why. We decided to stay because it wasn't worth the hassle, but it was pretty disappointing. The food was far to bland for the price. Our server however was great, and very attentive. All in all we wouldn't go back. NOLA has too many awesome restaurants that blow this place out of the water.This place is makes you feel special!  We requested a window seat on Open Table with the disclaimer it wasn't guaranteed.  When we arrived, they told us it would be a short wait for the window and they were sorry.  The wait for us wasn't an issue, just a 15 minute wait, but the manager offered us both a drink on the house.  How nice!
Great service from our waitress and delicous food.  The filets arrived in a brown reduction sauce that was flavorful.  The brussel sprouts were fried and crispy.  Warm french bread is served in a bag at the table.  
We had eaten earlier in the week at Dickie Brennan's and both agreed our meal was better here.  So if you have to choose a good steakhouse, come here first!Not sure what is going on in New Orleans but our lunch was not impressive.  This place used to be one of my favorites-food was below average.  New Orleans restaurants need to really take a look at their food and step it up.First night here in NOLA and so disappointed with the cleanliness and service... Of Rib Room ..Salty and way over cooked steak. I have high expectations especially if this restaurant seem to be classy and expensive. Was the most expensive restaurant compared to Commander Palace and GWFin. These other restaurants such as Commander palace and GW Fin was excellent service and food wise. Don't waste your money and time at Rib RoomService was well below average!   Very disappointing!   Food was average at best!  Very sad for a place that was a 4+ rating!  Do not recommend this place!What a fantastic Sunday brunch we had here!! 
Started off with the mushrooms and quail egg on toast which was delicious. Main course was the Croque Royal which consisted of prime rib debris, goat cheese and the ubiquitous fried egg on top. Good lord almighty, was this rich and good.
I ordered a side of cream cheese grits to accompany the grits and these were also very good. I just couldn't finish them !!
M had the Rib Room omelette which he enjoyed. 
Sundays also feature the Jazz Trio that play during the brunch.  Bear in mind, Sunday is the only day that the Rib Room serves brunch.I must say I wasn't all that impressed; especially for the price. 
The service I received was overall good. Everyone was kind very attentive. 
I ordered the Pan Seared Scallops as a starter and the Herb Roasted Rotisserie Chicken with a the Loaded Baked Potato as an entree. Although the Pan Seared Scallops were absolutely outstanding!! this was a wonderful dish! Unfortunately the chicken was cooked with very little herb despite the menu specifically calling it "Herb Roasted" and there was Pieces of Plastic in the chicken likely from poor preparation and the "Loaded Baked Potato" was sub-par.
I expected much better food quality given the price commanded.The food was fantastic.  Had the prime rib which was very good.   The service was really poor, and it was a very slow night so the excuses are non-existant..Ordered an appetizer and 45 minutes later waitress asked if we had received our meals..umm, do you see them. Told her apps never came a d instead of apologizing simply asked if we still wanted them...said yes..they came 15 mins after main course.This restaurant is in the Omni Royal Orleans Hotel. The food was great - I had the roasted lamb, which was p-e-r-f-e-c-t and my husband had the eve cut steak.  But before that we had turtle soup and baguette- and a full glass of wine practically thrown onto us.
Yes, it was pretty bad. Luckily we were staying at the Omni and decided to run up and change rather than sit in wet clothes.  Our wonderful (but clumsy) waiter came TO OUR ROOM to personally take our clothes to the hotel laundry, and he had them washed and dried before we got the check.  It was great.
Did I mention the food was superb? If you are a meat-lover than this place is for you. Nice ambiance, lots of windows and a nice menu.Have been here many times. Today for breakfast. Very disappointing service - dirty water glass on table. Meal was fine. After crossing the dining room to find server and request refresh of coffee, still waited 5 minutes for a second cup. Hostess was of no help. Server asked me if I'd like to speak to manager, which seemed very defensive but perhaps an indication of having so many problems here this is the "go-to" solution for complaints. Nonetheless, it turned out the manager had  "stepped out". That sort of explains the downhill path of service at this restaurant: not up to the service standards of either an Omni or New Orleans.To start with, plan on staying at the Omni Royal Orleans. We went to NOLA for Jazz Festival and we had stayed at the Omni Royal a year ago. We arrived Thursday night and went out with friends for oysters. Friday, the restaurant lines were long and we were jonesing for some beef. I went upstairs to the room to change while my husband had a cocktail. He met Sarah and came up to tell me we had a reservation and she would be our waitress. The food and exceptional service did not disappoint. Sarah was personable and helpful in extraordinary fashion. We also had a busboy and water person. The Maitre D Thom was old school as he went and charmed every single diner from table to table. They bring a whole fresh baked loaf of French bread to the table. I had the prime rib special of the day which was smothered in shrimp and other goodies while my husband had the very best filet mignon, charred on the outside and rare on the inside on a pool of Marchand de Vin demiglace. We returned the next night and although our Sarah was off, Thom sat us with Jason, another excellent server who steered me to the rotisserie chicken. My husband had the fish special, a rare spice encrusted tuna on a salad. 
Of course everything is cooked to your personal taste. There were many appetizer and salad offerings as well as other great entree choices. We found the prices to be reasonable and the wine list extensive. Oh, on a Friday or Saturday have your dessert or cocktail in the lounge area where you can listen to a wonderful blues chanteuse, Donna West with her phenomenal accompanist. She will also treat you like a long lost friend as she greets everyone individually between sets.My King sized prime rib was served cold and service was poor. 
The bbq shrimp was nothing to write home about.
To top it off the waitress double billed me.
That was my 1st and last time to eat there.Not what it used to be, prime rib was so so and came out well done the first time even though we asked for Medium rare. I sent it back and they did fix but this place just seems to have lost its touch. It wasn't terrible, but for the price there are endless options that are great.Great experience here..wonderful selection of wines and sprits..nice music but not blasting (thank goodness)  4 of us last Sunday came in out of crazy fun French Quarter. Relaxing nice mix of people. Super SERVICE at bar. We also, had bar menu..Prime Rib potato skins, Prime Rib cheese dip, chicken ka Bob's, candied bacon. Each Small plate (were large) was incredible. Others in bar started ordering after they saw ours. Watched US Open on 2 TVs, also.It is a restaurant in a hotel. Nothing more. Not what is used to be. Too many close outstanding alternatives to waste a meal here.This is an interesting restaurant.  Not for any bad reason, just interesting.  
So their specialty here is Prime Rib, if you didn't already know (lol), and while they do a good job, I wasn't overly impressed with this location. 
The dining space was nice, but limited.  It had a nice elegant feel to it, and was well taken care of, but didn't always provide you a lot of elbow room depending on where you were sitting.  In this instance, we were seated by the window (just two of us) which was nice but one elbow was practically in a wall, and I had little room before getting to the other table.
The service was very nice, our server was prompt, made sure we were taken care of, and provided suggestions from the menu.  Once all the suggestions were made, and different plates considered, we both went with the house special Prime Rib, and shared some whipped potatoes.
The Prime Rib wasn't something I really fell in love with, it had decent flavor, but didn't really pop or make me want to finish it and order one to go, sadly I definitely wasn't impressed enough to return.  Don't get me wrong, it wasn't the worst steak ever, but definitely not an attention grabber.
They had a very limited menu, which was another downer, because if you were picky... or just not feeling like Prime Rib, you didn't have a lot of other steak options (or very many other options at all for that matter).  So while I'm not upset about the choice I made, I don't really have a reason to go back now.  All the food was mostly good, and I have no real complaints about it, not a high recommendation when some of the other steak locations are taken into consideration.I am sort of torn on the rating for this restaurant.  If I could rate 3.5 I would. Big on math but I'm not rounding up in this case 
The service was excellent and the wine selection was nice.  The bottle of wine we ordered was out so that upgraded our choice to the next selection which turned out to be wonderful for the price of what we selected. 
The purpose for being at the restaurant was amazing but this has nothing to do with restaurant. It was for a networking luncheon on Friday. I met wonderful people and it made the trouble of having to find somewhere to park worth the whole trip. Take an Uber or Lyft don't drive!
I started with the turtle soup which was chunkier than what I am use too and the flavor didn't blend well together. I am the mother of a chef and I always have the expectations of a delightful flavors in my mouth. My meal was the Lamb Reuben and it was ok. Nothing exciting. Now the bread and French fries were really good but this isn't the type of restaurant you go too for bread and fries. 
They are known for the ribeye and one of the gentleman at the table had the ribeye and it looked very tasty so maybe I will try that next time. 
I did mention the service was great.Wow.  
Breakfast:  Croissant sandwich, french toast, cajun bloody mary... and more!  It was all really tasty, fresh eggs and so was the ham.  Service was good!
Dinner:  Turtle Soup, Gumbo, prime rib, and shepherds pie!  Again, everything was amazing and well paired.  Great flavors, very local.  Service was also amazing this night.  
We also sat at the bar a few times, and service was great there, too.  Just an all around phenomenal experience at the Rib Room and the Omni all around.The Mother's day special was not available for our 5:30pm reservation. We were under the impression  that it was offered between 5:30-8pm based on the website. We specifically picked this place because of the options on the special menu. The regular menu was ok but nothing was particularly outstanding. We tried the ribeye, prime rib, and filet with multiple sides and were not overly impressed with anything. I'm very sad as we are local and have been here before.Popped in recently for a cocktail. The Botanical Crush is amazing! Seriously. Must have.We had a great evening at the Rib Room, but it could have been a disaster. When our arty of 4 arrived the Rib Room did not show our open table booking. Although the restaurant was fully booked, The host, Myles Holdsworth, set us up in a private room. Very good customer service. 
Seth was our waiter. He did a good job. 
The food was outstanding. We started with foie gras, bone marrow, and chicken livers. I know...chicken livers???  They were awesome. All appetizers rocked. 
I had the bonein rib eye. Great seer, perfect med rare and great flavor. My other dining partners loved their filets and prime rib. 
The grits as a side dish was the Bomb!
Awesome experience. Awesome dinner!Tried the coolinary lunch on a Friday and it's an excellent value! The smoked salmon was a generous portion, and the ahi tuna salad was light and flavorful, just the perfect thing when it's ridiculously hot outside. And fresh pralines by the door!Greeted friendly at the door and promptly seated. Began with a blue moon beer and a tall glass of water. To start the fried chicken livers atop grits and topped with caramalized onions. 100% palate pleaser-yum!!  Next queen cut prime rib med rare with cheese grits and asparagus. Once again, a home run. So pleased I stumbled by. Will do it again in the future.I have been coming here for lunch for years, as I work nearby, and it's always a great experience, particularly on Fridays, if you can end your day at lunch and enjoy $2 giant martinis (not like some other restaurants in town that have the cheap lunch martinis, which can be teeny tiny).  I usually order the prime rib debris poboy with fries, which is a ton of food and completely satisfying.  The fries here are outstanding too, super crunchy, almost battered tasting, but in a good way.  The prime rib is also excellent if you're feeling spendy, and you can have all the horseradish you want!  The service is always warm and welcoming.  Recommended!Convenience gets the Rib Room two stars. Eat breakfast. The Benedict is really good and the Tuscan-style roasted potatoes are pretty good for a side. Forget the grits, unless you like soupy and tasteless. Stick with the potatoes. The bacon is great and always crisp. Always avoid breakfast (and other) buffets! As for the supposed star of the show: Prime Rib. Forget it. Don't bother. Go to one of the great restaurants in the Quarter for Cajun/New Orleans fare. Save the prime rib experience for one of the great mid-western beef palaces or your local fave. The bar and most of the bartenders would get five stars. Good mixed drinks include the difficult slightly-dirty call Vodka Martini and the even more rare, great Cosmo. The Cosmo depends on the bartender. I had one great and one too sweet. The great one was up to my standards where making them at home for my guests has brought me accolades.Enticed by the view from the street of satisfied-looking sophisticates at candle-lit tables, we entered through a classy looking bar in the royal orleans hotel.  We were promptly seated, but that's where the ambience ended and the aggravation began.   We were served water fairly quickly, and I asked the bus girl if there was a cocktail menu.  She said yes, but she failed to return.  After 8 minutes, nobody appeared to take our order or show any interest taking care of us.  Meanwhile a closer examination of the menu revealed that even salads and sides were a la carte, on top of entree prices ranging from appx $28 to $48.  Service standards at the Rib Room appear not to coincide with premium pricing.  Discouraged, we slowly walked out, apparently unnoticed, never to return. 
We walked around a bit and happened upon Dickie Brennan's Tableau where prices were not so premium, yet food and service were outstanding.Love this place!!! Great New Orleans feel.. The people here are super friendly. Food and service is great.Never made it to table.  Un-smileing hostess greated me , don't think she wanted to be bothered,  and asked for my room number automatically assuming I was a tourist.  Told her wasn't guest then asked for name, I wrongly assumed so they could address me by name,  and then phone number.  Told her no reason to give phone number but was told had to have. Told her to tell whoever made that rule it was ridiculous and took my business elsewhere. Am local who had been going since the 70's but hadn't been in about a year because food was so bad. At one time they were packed with locals day and night, those days are long gone.  Frankly one star is to muchTo dine at the Rib Room you must be a few things: a prime rib fanatic, mentally prepared and extremely hungry! Especially if you order the "King" cut!!! OMG my girlfriend and I shared it and still left some. 
This monster cut off beef was perfectly roasted and was so flavorful and tender. I wanted to cry tears of aus jus. Oh yes, how could I forget the sides were great too but they did not take the spot light away from the beefy greatness that lay in front of us.
The atmosphere was very old world charming with some modern tones as well so it should please most folks looking for a great place to dine, especially for a nice romantic evening. Andre our waiter was a great host and was not missing in action or overbearing in his attention to our dining experience.
Trust me beef eaters, do the Prime Rib at the Rib Room in the heart of the French Quarter, you won't regret it!!!The two worst Prime Ribs I've ever had!!
We went there to celebrate the engagement of my daughter. Her Fiancee had proposed just 20 minutes before and had planned this meal weeks in advance. It was a party of 8 persons. The ambiance was good. We ordered our Prime Ribs and my cut was so Grizzly that I couldn't find an edible piece of meat within the fat. I told this to the Manager. After waiting 20 minutes to be re-served, I was given a cut of meat that was so over cooked and salty that I thought my blood pressure was going to hit the 200's!! I find this service unacceptable. The Manager could only just take off the price of the steak. Not cool for a bill of $1300,00!We went here for dinner on our vacation. Our food was very good and the service was exceptional! It was a very nice dinner. Our steak was very good and we tried quail for the first time and it too was good. We even had our 10 year old and she was felt very welcomed. We would definitely recommend this for anyone looking for an upscale, off the beaten NO path meal.Well I was at the Rib Room on 12/21. I've been here many times before, but not in the last 10 years. I must say this place has taken a turn for the worst, at least on this night. 
Our waiter - Hugo was old and slow. He brought nothing to the experience. Should consider retirement. French Onion Soup was blah, I've had must better at lesser restaurants. Salad was worst and the ranch dressing had no flavor whatsoever. The prime rib was less than impressive and worse than I remembered. Not much flavor at all. Texas Roadhouse has better. After this, I must say, I can't recommend this place, nor would I waste my time or money going backPlace under preform big time.  I was waiting almost 15 minutes for the waiter to greet me. My wife steak tasted as if they took it out the freezer and put it straight on the grill.Old traditions in a rich environment. When other guests leaving as we arrived were hugging the waiter, I knew he would be special. Hugo added so much to the evening. 
The fillet was excellent. Gumbo was awesome. 
We went NYE and there was a set menu, which is often the case. But would have been nice to have been informed of this. 
The wait staff has always been nice and professional but the hostess staff has always been rude. I am a local and eat here occasionally and would recommend it for any special night out on the town.Lunchtime COOLinary experience.  The place is very conveniently located in the FQ.  The very tall ceilings and kitchen that I believe was more for decor than function as nothing was being cooked there.  But none the less, the place looked awesome.  I was expecting some good stuff.  For the COOLinary menu, I had the house smoked salmon.  The salmon had great aroma and texture.  The taste was a tad overpowered by the pickled onions and the creme fraiche was a tad runny.  But it was OK as a starter.  The entree was the frog legs.  3 legs were given.  So one and a half frogs.  they were perfect.  crispy breadcrumbs on the outside and tenderness on the inside.  Perfection.  Thanks RibRoom.  The service was good too.  they were very attentive and the bloody mary, had good kick.  Boom!Okay so I read the reviews and I just don't get it because we had a great time. We had a 6:30 PM reservation but we arrived early and was seated right away.
Christian was our waiter and was the most polite and accommodating waiter. Very patient with me as I tend to be quite demanding at times. Well, not demanding where I want my water at a certain temp, blah blah. I just need things like club soda because I made a huge mess on my dress.
Anyways, we ordered the french onion soup and the beef carpaccio salad which was phenomenal! That salad blew me away. I do wish it had a little more dressing or creme that it was dressed with. They also serve fresh warm bread with butter and it just melts. I ordered the rib crown and my boyfriend had the filet. I was thinking of the prime rib but it was just alot of meat and I can barely eat 8 oz. 
They rib crown was juicy and had lots of flavor. Most importantly, they both were cooked to our liking. I hate when you go to a steakhouse and they just cook it the way they would cook it. If I say I want medium rare, give me medium rare. 
We ended the night with a louisiana strawberry shortcake and chocolate mousse cake. The strawberry cake was just perfect. I think the mousse could've been more fluffy and light but that's my preference.I had lunch here yesterday with a friend. We both ordered off the COOLinary menu, and I had high hopes because the menu sounded delicious. Unfortunately, I really didn't enjoy my meal. I chose the house smoked salmon appetizer. I love smoked salmon, but this was a big hunk of overpoweringly smoky fish with a texture that was somehow off. I considered sending it back and instead ordering the fried artichoke appetizer that my friend had gotten, but she said she wasn't crazy about her appetizer either. She offered me a bite and it was just ok, kind of bland. For my main course I was very excited to try the frog legs. Frog legs are one of my favorite things to order out because I never cook them at home. I could tell they were fresh, but the breading they had been fried in was weird. When I used my fork and knife to cut into the frog legs the breading came off them in one large, unappetizing piece so I just removed it. Two of the frog legs were cooked perfectly but a third (slightly larger) leg was slightly undercooked near the bone so I didn't eat it. My friend ordered the seared tuna salad for her entree and some of the tuna was too tough to eat (it looked stringy).#Birthday #Thanksgiving
It is definitely a higher end place in French Quarter. There was a special thanksgiving menu for us. The duck confit salad and prime ribs were both great! The proportion is large, but it might be because we come from Chicago and New York where the portions so much smaller. Service is top notch.Service was horrible and they brought the bill without offering dessert. 
We decided to have a special night out for Valentines Day. The waitress took a while to greet us. We were told we had to order off the special menu even though the website stated otherwise. We reluctantly ordered. The first course took a while to come out. As we were eating, we saw other tables with regular menu items so we clarified with our waitress and she confirmed it was special menu only. Later when the manager checked in with us, we asked about the menu and she told us the full menu was available. The one good thing about our visit is that she let us change our order even though we had received the first course. At the end of our meal we were not offered dessert. The waitress just brought out the check. Unfortunately we will not be returning.I have fond memories of going to The Rib Room with my family as a child. We dressed up and the food was divine. I must say that while the menu and its prices would reflect an elegant dining experience, that was not the case when I and 3 friends went last night. We were all very underwhelmed by the food and offended that a large table was attended by guests dressed in t-shirts, jeans and baseball caps. I may be old fashioned but my foursome expected our childhood memories of the Rib Room to remain. If The Rib Room wants to attract locals and be one of the finer restaurants in the Quarter as it once was, I would suggest some changes.Unimpressive, poor execution, flavors are off putting and it's terribly overpriced. Bartender has total attitude!This place is AMAZING. I've had the French onion soup in at least 15 different establishments here but this shit takes the cake. As good as their soup is though, it's still overshadowed by how ridiculously delicious the prime rib is(get the chefs cut). I can not come to New Orleans anymore without coming by the rib room. They're doing it right get some.I can't express just how amazing it all was. The device was friendly and fun. The Prime rib was the best I ever had (and I've had a lot) and the Chef knew exactly how I wanted it prepared and executed it to perfection, and added a fun commentary during its prep! If you don't come here for a amazing dinner, you'll have missed out on something special.We wanted to go to Antoine's, but it was closed Sun night & we saw this place as we were walking & thought it looked nice (and air-conditioned). Certainly had a formal, fancy atmosphere, with prices to match. We were put off from the beginning since our waitress (a woman with short hair & glasses) was quite rude. When I asked her for recommendations, she said sarcastically "Well it's called the Rib Room, so the Prime Rib"! I asked another question & she replied in a similarly condescending fashion, as if I were stupid, when she clearly didn't even understand the question. My friend ordered a shrimp dish & asked if there was any other seafood in it as she is allergic to mixed seafood. She replied "I don't think so". Umm if you don't know for sure go check, otherwise someone could die from an allergic reaction! My friend asked her to go check first, and if it wasn't mixed to order it. Waitress comes back with the dish & my friend looks at the broth/sauce & again asks are you sure there's no other seafood mixed in? Again response is, "I don't think so"!!! So my friend, really annoyed now, says please go check with the chef then! Waitress comes back & says no finally. My friend also asks another server since she doesn't trust our clearly incompetent, callous waitress, who also says no. So my friend eats it (luckily no reactions) and says it's pretty good, not amazing, also had a mediocre loaded baked potato as a side. I had the prime rib "shepherds pie"--considering the prime rib is supposed to be the specialty, the meat was disappointing & tough. Best part was the mashed potatoes with cheese on top of it, which is mainly what I ate. A hostess of some sort came by & asked how everything was, and we just politely responded fine in automatic fashion. But another person serving asked & we expressed our frustration with the waitress, and his response was that he hates working with her too! Not professional, but at least he understood our pain! Before leaving my friend did say what happened with the waitress to management at least. They apologized but it was too late to help with our experience & the food wasn't terribly good regardless.I'll keep this simple: the food (ordered the shepherd's pie) was delicious, the prime rib in the dish was cooked perfectly and tasted accordingly. The decor is spectacularly designed, as expected from a restaurant in the Omni. I couldn't have been happier with the service, friendly and efficient waitress, manager came by to ask how things were. The waitress even came across the room to pick my phone up when it fell while I drank! Love it. Also the iced tea tasted like it has some other flavor, possibly a richer fruitiness, different but still tasty. Would recommend for a classy night out in New Orleans.I couldn't give a lower recommendation. The service was awful, the food was mediocre. 
The restaurant was half empty, but it still took the staff 30 minutes to get a bottle of wine. In addition, we would go 20-30 minutes at a time before a staff member would come check on our party.  
With all of the good restaurants in New Orleans, I would not waste your time here. Unless you are staying at the hotel and are looking for a quick bite to eat, do not give this place the time a day.Friday's are THE day to go to see and be seen.  You will require a reservation.  Dress is classy casual.  We arrived at our appointed time as groups were just gathering.  It is a mix of local businessmen in suits, ladies who lunch, locals taking the day off and tourists.   At time of reservation, request center of the room seating to watch all of the action.  We had $.25 martinis - our choice of gin or vodka.  They are not skimpy, au contraire!  They are substantial.  My friend ordered a gin straight up and I ordered a vodka dirty on the rocks.  They even have blue cheese stuffed olives.  
For lunch, I had the Fried Bacon Cheddar Oysters and Pan Roasted Maine Scallops appetizers and the Louisiana Crabmeat Chopped Salad as main course.I'm only giving this one star because of service... We were staying here for four days and wanted a nice breakfast to start our day... Not good... Like I said the service was great but the food was way under par... I hope there dinner is better...The food was decent. I came with a group of 8 and the waiters were super fun and entertaining! However, my friend had a long piece of hair in her fried lobster! That sucked because the food looked so good :(. A fly flew into two of our water cups also. The environment was lovely.Rib room... We went there during the culinary month. I am not sure about the regular price for the entree on its own but for $35ish, I got a steak, watermelon salad and a dessert. I am not gonna lie, it is a pretty good deal for that discounted culinary price but I do not think I would pay a full price for the steak I had over there. Nothing special and it was as generic as it can get.  Pressed watermelon salad was absolutely amazing however. Could not complain at all about their service and cocktail as they were just as good as I expected them to be. 
It is a steakhouse so I cannot help myself but take 2 stars away as the star of the dinner, aka steak, was so-so.Sad how bad this place has gone down. Gorgeous dining room, pretty good staff, but it is obvious there is no real chef in the kitchen. Food quality is very poor, unimaginative, boring. Somehow they even manage to make a mockery out of their house special prime rib!
Message to the new owners of the Royal Orleans: hire a real chef and quit buying sysco prepared foods!!Outstanding! My husband used to work for 5-star restaurants and hotels, and he (and we) were blown away by the incredibly delicious food and warm service. 
We started with the scallops appetizer, and it was a couple of the best scallops we've ever tasted, and everything from the mushrooms and special jus was perfect on the plate. 
Hubby ordered the Chef's Special, and again, everything from the perfectly cooked medium-rare prime rib, special creole and crawfish sauce, and loaded baked potato was spectacular. I ordered the grilled gulf fish almondine, and each bite was balanced against citrusy braised kale and petite garlic potatoes - with the loveliest crust of buttery almonds on the fish.
We were so impressed with our meals, that we passed our compliments to the chefs (which we haven't done before now), and Michael the executive chef, and his fellow chef Bryan were so pleased to have their talented efforts received so well. Norma made us feel so welcome and looked after us so well - it's evident that the hotel keeps their employees happy and it's reflected in their amazing food and professional service.
It was so much more than we ever expected, set in a classic, marble-lined dining area - it was the epitome of Big Easy hospitality. Thank you to everyone at the Rib Room, it will be our first port of call next time we are in town!Ordered grilled prime rib medium rare.  Was served blackened overcooked prime rib full of salt and onions.  Do not ever order.  Waiter said he would take it off check bur did not do it.   They had three waiters trying to take care of full house.  Service was very slow.  waiter said he would take our drinks off of check but did not do it.  New Orleans has WONDERFUL RESTAURANTS.  Please do not waste your time and money at the Rib Room.  Used to be first class New Orleans restaurant.  No more!!!Attempting to have a drink at the bar waiting for restaurant reservations, and the are out of the first 3 drink ingredients requested from their menu.  Two glasses of wine (one with lipstick still on the rim) and two haphazardly made "martinis" later, I had to ask for ice to shake my own, but wait, they don't have shaker lids or use a highball glass as most bars.  The bartender had to look at the menu to check what was in one of the drinks, and we ended up just adding ice and grapefruit juice to make our $12 "martinis" drinkable.  Needless to say, we cancelled our reservation for dinner.Last minute stop for Sunday brunch after a hard night. Haven't been here in 2 years and don't know why. Everything was great, had filet and eggs with a turtle soup starter. The staff was very attentive and did not go light on the champagne! I think I am right with the world again...I have until this occasion enjoyed dining at the Rib Room since 1974.  It was a tradition to have lunch, if not dinner when visiting after I moved from New Orleans. This all ended Sunday before Labor Day 2010. Nine of us enjoyed the musicians for the jazz brunch. That was the positive point. I ordered the prime rib for $28.00.  I received a nice 9 to 10 ounce portion cooked to my medium rare on a white plate. While it was tasty, it was lonely! No parsley, no salad, no starch, nada!  My beverage was a Bombay martini "off the cart", which for old time customers was a brandy sniffer stemware of ice with a shot and 1/2 of gin generally costing 6$ or so.  The price of this one was $21.00 and arrived without benefit of ice.
I was a guest and remained silent until now.  Afterwards, a few of us agreed it might be best in the future. to meet in Chicago, where there are great restaurants at very reasonable prices.This place was awesome. 
We were really pressed for time as a friend wanted to catch the UNC-Oregon game. We walked up and were immediately seated. A huge feat for New Orleans on a Saturday night. 
The food was a slam dunk. 
They had s burger special that sounded good to me -- it tasted even better!!! 
My wife had the beet salad and a ribeye. She said both were great. She can be s tough critic so that was high praise. 
The service was a touch slow, but that was ok as it is a fine line between rushing people and letting them die on the vine. 
All in all it was a great meal -- we will definitely come back to this place.We visit New Orleans 1 to 3 times per year. We always have trouble finding exceptional dining establishments such as this when visiting the city. Few places were open during the shut down crisis and it forced us out of our comfort zone. Their menu was limited because of the current situation, but the food was exceptional. Perfectly cooked and perfect service. It was beyond our expectations and will be a place we remember to visit on our trips to this city. Thank you!Based on a glowing recommendation we went to dinner there tonight.  It was chaotic with our server less than professional.  We were seated promptly.  the Bottle of wine we ordered was out of stock; we picked a second. It also was out of stock.  The server suggested alternatives that clearly showed she had no wine knowledge.  The manager brought another wine to suggest.  It was close to our preference.  Several tables who were seated after us received their appetizers long before we did.  One single gentleman was seated after us.  He had 3 appetizers and his meal before our appetizers arrived.  An hour and a half later our entrees arrived.  3 of 4 were viewed as ok. One was good.  For entrees running +/- $50 they were disappointing.  Our wine was comped which is the only good thing I can say about the meal.Nice space. Wood paneling, a bit of a clubby environment. Friendly bartenders. Perfectly mixed cocktails. Good service from our waiter. Loved the prime rib. Perfectly done. Real horseradish on offer. It'll clear your sinuses and then some. Good value for the price.Beautiful ambiance for a bite restaurant and the meal was fantastic. We enjoyed every moment of our dinner from the warm friendly greeting, to the awesome wait staff, the food was delicious and the drinks were well made. I know that there are a lot of places to eat inNew Orleans, but if you want a peaceful dinner wit quality food, I would highly recommend here.Always a magical dining experience. Wonderful for celebrating an evening or great for an upscale lunch. With a name like the Rib Room you'd think you'd have to eat red meat to have a good meal but the salads are fantastic as well as all their seafood dishes. And the service is always top notch.One of the best meals we had in NOLA starting with the bread and you get lots of it hands down,  the ribeye was fantastic.  Great southern hospitality!Went here for a mid-week dinner. It is definitely a stalwart of the NOLA food scene but has been outpaced by the new comers in town (e.g., August, Revolution, Chop House, etc.). Nothing especially good (relatively speaking) and service was just OK. Go here to say you've been here but question going back a second time when there are so many really, really good options in town.Went for the Sunday brunch buffet and it was soo good and a huge spread! Really enjoyed the seafood tower, prime rib, soups and pastries.  Bottomless mimosas and a bomb bloody mary bar too. Can't wait to go backService was exceptional and the food was very good. The prime rib was so tender that it basically melted in your mouth. Rich was an excellent server and brought a lot of charm to the dining experience.What are great place this was, it had an air of sophistication, elegance and old world charm that makes you feel you're in the old times. Service was terrific, wine and cocktails selection was very good. Food was good for its price.Super fancy! You're in for a Treat dining here especially during the holidays, the Omni Hotel in which it's in is gorgeously decorated for Christmas. We had Kendrick as our waiter, he was very friendly and knowledgeable with a great disposition! My husband and I both ordered the crown steak with a side of baked potato and brussels sprouts. For some reason the kitchen never sent the brussels sprouts out so they comped us both a dessert. Which was much appreciated, as it was delicious. Looks like everyone knew the thing to order was the prime rib, so we will 100% be back for that! The food and ambiance were like no other in the city that I have seen.Super clean and friendly .  Breakfast was quick and very tasty. All American breakfast was great choice with fresh brewed coffee. The orange juice was spot on too, it's a quick way to get a great breakfast at a reasonable price. I will be back tomorrow to try something new. Keep up the good work !!!We had never eaten there before.  The Sazarac was mediciney and metallic, and the gumbo was lackluster.  The salad had WAY too much roquefort cheese.  The catfish, however, was excellent.5 stars for the service, 1 star for the food. We had won a silent charity auction (shout out to Edible School Yard!) for a stay at the Omni with dinner worth up to a certain amount at the Rib Room included. It was a lovely excuse for a random staycation. The reservations and service at the Rib Room were awesome. The staff was kind and attentive; you really couldn't ask for more on that end. 
The food though... On meat temperatures: my partner ordered medium-rare steak, and it came out so undercooked that he could not eat past the edges. (He enjoys rare steak, too; the bulk of the steak here was completely raw.) By contrast, I ordered my steak well-done -- but they decided to butterfly it and cook it for so long that it was charred all the way through, and burned beyond the point of being edible. 
The french onion soup was ok and something I might consider ordering again if needed. We had high expectations for the jumbo lump crab/roasted fennel/pancetta salad, but it was not good. I ended up just picking the crab and pancetta out to eat. Not sure what happened to the dressing and the butter lettuce there to make it taste that way... 
The bartender was kind to make me a non-alcoholic lemonade. However, it tasted like pure sugar-water and I wasn't able to drink any. With all the other offerings in the quarter, we we will not be back to stay or eat here. 
Ok, lastly, and I know this is a random personal pet peeve... I get that the restaurant is called the rib room as a riff on prime rib. However, I still think that they should serve at least one offering of actual ribs.Bad first time experience.  It was Christmas Eve.. Our waitress wore gloves the whole time.  I wondered  did she ever wash her hands or use sanitizer.  There were many other servers , I only saw one other with gloves.. 
All of our food came out almost cold. It was like our food  had been sitting out or may be under a warmer/ barely warm.  Service was very slow , 3 1/2 hours.   Our daughter, could not eat her food at all. She is a sous chef and said it was very bad.Fooled by the look and the name.  The food was mediocre at best.  I always eat well in New Orleans and I'm rarely disappointed but the Rib Room managed ruin my dining experience. My prime rib was cold, the spinach was less than tasty.  The best part of the meal was the bread, butter and wine.Service is slow, no cocktails menu, French 75 is bad. :(
Food is good, but you can get steak everywhere in US.I used to love eating here now and then a few years ago when I first started working in the quarter. It just felt like a fun, fancy thing to do before work. Today, I stood around for ten minutes at the menu waiting to be seated. There are no signs telling you to step forward to the hostess booth tucked out of side deeply to the side of the entrance, nor does the hostess step out to make sure people aren't waiting to be seated. The bartender saw me waiting. Waiters saw me waiting. No one said a single thing to me. They all looked away as fast as they could so as not to have to approach me. Not one person said "Can I help you?" or pointed me to the hidden desk. I am a local who works in the tourist industry, and I will not be sending a single soul here.Disclaimer: I only went for one drink and no food. 
With all of our options in New Orleans especially in the Quarter - this seems lack luster.The service is outstanding and the staff is friendly. Five stars for the service.  However, if you want to be known for your prime rib, then you have to accept the criticism.  We ordered our prime rib medium, and it arrived rare/raw.  How can the cook and wait staff not look at a large piece of prime rib and tell the difference between raw and medium is inexcusable for a high-quality restaurant.  They brought out another piece of meat, but for the amount of money we spent, they should have taken that off the price.