This place was located right in our neighborhood on our stay in NOLA and we kept putting it off because we wanted to get down to the french quarter each day.  What a mistake!  When we finally sat down to eat here on one of our last days in town we realized we could have been happy scarfing there every morning!
The omelets were tasty, I loved the hash browns (the grits not so much, but thats the northerner in me perhaps!) and the lite menu (egg whites, turkey bacon.. it was a platter but I can't remember the name) was a hit with our family who were on a diet for the trip.  
The only 'complaint' that came from any of our table of four was in the 4.95 fruit bowl.  The variety of the fruit and the quality to some degree was a little less than what they'd expected for the price but overall everyone was extremely pleased.I just went in for breakfast at what was previously one of my favorite neighborhood establishments. I sat at the counter and was ignored. When I finally did get service after asking for coffee twice my order was submitted incorrectly my food was wrong I had to ask twice to have it corrected and what I got my bill it was twice as much as normal simply because I substituted tomatoes for all starches I won't be backBest pancakes I've had in a while!  Good crispy bacon, hot hash brown potatoes.  Only negative with the food was the sausage.  Not great.  Good friendly service and received our food quickly.  We got there at 8:00 and had no trouble getting seated but it was filling up quickly when we left.This Uptown neighborhood breakfast place was a pleasant surprise. We drove by several mornings on our way to the streetcar bit stopped in on a more quiet morning. This place has street parking which could be a bit tight on busy mornings. No frills but a solid breakfast place. The restaurant is in a small house and decorated with art from local artists. 
The menu has everything from hearty 3 - egg omelets,  decadent eggs benedict, and sandwiches for lunch. The menu also has healthier choices including a dedicated section. 
I had the Sausalito omelet which was chock full of spinach,  garlicky mushrooms, and artichoke hearts. The girlfriend had the California omelet which she said was very good. The other two in our party were a bit more responsible and had the egg white plates and split a fruit bowl. They both said the breakfast was very hearty even if healthy. The only complaint was that the fruit bowl was pretty small for being $4.95. 
This place is great for a lazy morning in New Orleans, and an easy few block walk from the St. Charles Streetcar Line.This is a bright and happy spot for breakfast.  It is informal but nice. It is also favorably priced and not far off Carrollton. 
It was super-busy on a Saturday morning when my aunt and uncle took me for breakfast there but the food still came quickly and the service was good. I even got refills. I am a basic kind of girl, so I had eggs, toast, grits, and bacon. These were delicious. I'll be back next time I'm looking for breakfast in the city. 
/I am quite a fan of eating breakfast outSkip this place and go to any location of The Ruby Slipper.  I've been coming here for years and it is definitely not as good as it used to be.
 I'm not sure if someone has left the kitchen but the last 2 times I've been the food has been cold and tasteless.  This restaurant basically serves diner food so my expectation is that they could provide a decent plate of toast and eggs.  Not so today.  The bacon was cold and greasy, grits were over salted and cold and eggs were overcooked.  Since I've been going there for years I mentioned it (in a very nice way) that my breakfast was disappointing.  Little did I know that I was speaking to the manager who never even ANSWERED.  In fact she avoided looking at me and just walked off.  One of the servers recognized me and asked why I didn't eat my breakfast.  When I told her she said she would get the manager and get it fixed and when I realized who the manager was I told her to not bother.
The manager obviously doesn't know how to handle a problem and couldn't recognize a regular customer if you held a sign in front of yourself  for her to see.Best iced coffee...  I always get the Eggs Sardu with fruit.  And yes the fruit option could use a bit more uumph... But I love the spinach&artichoke mix and the hollindaise is better than some around for the price.  My youngest loves the pancakes...  I live in the neighborhood so we usually beat the rush on weekends.  During rush times the server's do tend to be harried, but I've never had an absolute horrible experience as far as that goes.  We make it a point to Not be in a hurry when going here.  The "UnSystem" they have for seating is a bit taxing.  It wouldn't take much to have a wait list at those times.  They are not counter service after all.   If there are people waiting outside, we go elsewhere.A good, affordable, neighborhood restaurant with a light, friendly feel.  I visited on a late Sunday morning, so there was a little wait for tables.  We chose to sit at the bar.  My friend & I both got the Pollo Rancheros, which is a delicious mish-mash of stuff on legit corn tortillas.  Unfortunately, since the tortillas were at the bottom, they soaked up the moisture & got completely soggy, making then completely inedible.  However, the rest of the dish was scrumptious.  The service was a bit slow (for example, we had to find our server several times, including when we were trying to pay the check), but they were very engaging & sweet as pie to us the entire time we were there.
The decorations in this restaurant were precious, too.
Thanks for a good dining experience, Riccobono's!I love this place. A perfect breakfast joint. Go for a Benedict, you will have no regrets. If we were in NYC there would be a line around the block every weekend and tables on top of tables. The food is fantastic, the staff is friendly, and if I write anything more I'll be redundant. Get the ice coffee!I had the red beans and rice with sausage. It was just barely adequate and would not be acceptable if someone in my family served it. The flavor was simply bland and the sausage was not good quality (somewhat gelatinous, not smokey, and certainly not spicy like a good andouille). I don't always make red beans with andouille but I do always use a good meaty sausage and brown it off well before cooking it with the beans. They put the sausage on the side.
The biscuit was not good either, but who eats red beans with a biscuit? The rice is the starch. Better to have a side of green beans or collard greens. 
Maybe they have other good dishes, but the red beans isn't one of them.LOOVE this place!! Food is excellent &huge portions. Atmosphere is quirky yet clean. Staff was very friendly. I recommend this place for brunch to all my friends and family visiting NOLA.Very good breakfast!  We had the waffle, omelets, bacon and toast.  Also I want to add that the homemade biscuits were very good as well.  I am particular about the waffles and theirs was excellent.  We all cleaned or plates!In New Orleans, brunch is not hard to come by. I mean, even a good brunch is not hard to come by. Therefore, Panola St. Cafe, my friends, truly deserves the 2 star rating. 
I'm all about that hole-in-the-wall, Southern, easy breakfast that Riccobono's encompasses but for what it's worth, there's not much competition here. Don't get me wrong: this establishment would do perfectly well in any area, and from what I saw, they are doing just fine, if not better. However, their food was the bare minimum and service was not all that enthralling. 
My eggs sardou: the dressing was cold, the eggs were overcooked and the English muffin was soggy (and definitely not from any bakery in the area). 
The grits: your typical Southern style with a little butter- nothing fancy... at all. (Thankfully, I opted for the grits, though, because the "hash browns" were mashed potatoes!)
My roommate's buckwheat pancakes with bananas & pecans: After the server fixed it to what she originally ordered, they were a good size and well-made. We were very impressed that buckwheat was an option because no other place we've seen in NOLA offers anything other than buttermilk! I enjoyed these much more than my own breakfast! 
In the end, if you find yourself stumbling in here for brunch one weekend, enjoy a typical breakfast but don't expect anything too exquisite.Great food.. simple favorites as well as more special dishes.. Great service..My hubby and I both got sick shortly after eating brunch here. Won't go back. Food tastes good but the side effects were terrible.The Eggs Sardou was absolutely amazing! Came in with a group and was seated immediately with the sweetest server. We ordered brunch drinks and several entrees and were extremely happy with the taste of everything! The prices are great, atmosphere is so charming, and the area is in such a cute little area of town. Will definitely be back.Worth a wait! We had an amazing New Years Day brunch on our first visit to this art filled cafe. Tasty omelettes and savory sandwiches.  I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong.  Bring your own champagne, they don't serve alcohol. Best waitress during our week long visit to New Orleans. We'll go out of our way for another visit next time!Great local restaurant.  Food hits the spot and restaurant has an excellent low-key atmosphere.Relaxed farmhouse decor.  Omelette was a good size, hot & tasty.  Staff was attentive and friendly.  Excellent choice for family & friends.I was craving Eggs Benedict and had no idea where to go for that in New Orleans. Found this on Yelp and glad I did because their Eggs Benedict is fabulous!!!The food was delish and both times I've been here the service was excellent. I'll be back again soon to try the liver & grits ^_^My husband and I had a delicious breakfast at Panola's - the omelets are well prepared and come with grits and a biscuit/ toast. The crayfish ettouffe omelet was very good and the grits a good accompaniment. I'm not sure which was better. And the biscuit is one of the best in the city. Hot coffee regularly filled up made our breakfast a perfect meal. Kudos to our very nice server, Danielle.Delicious crab cake benedict. The grits were amazing too. I would come again and recommend this place to anyone. Art for sale on he wall, christmas music playing in the background, plenty of seating for both large and small parties. Really good service. All around a good find.First off, the only issue for which my review is only a 4-star is that the pork chops were 'chewey'. Ok, enough with the cons - let's focus on the pros. 
I enjoyed that they had the option of both breakfast and lunch - providing more options for everyone who is uncertain about which plates are appropriate to eat around 11 o'clock. I also enjoyed the atmosphere - from the classic rock music in the background to the design, it gave a pleasurable home-esque vibe. I was impressed that our server was very prompt in delivering our food and drinks at a timely manner despite the cafe being very busy. 
This cafe located in a quaint neighborhood was a perfect spot to end my trip to New Orleans.This is a cool neighborhood cafe that gets really busy for brunch and lunch.  The breakfast items look to be the star of the show but as someone that isn't really a fan of breakfast food I got the burger.  Since the same folks that own this place also own Cafe Navarre, where they have a really good burger, I had high expectations for the burger here.  Sadly the burger I got here could have come from a fast food joint.  It wasn't a bad burger but it was a thin piece of meat and small for the price while it did have a fantastic wheat bun.  If the best thing about a burger is the bun then that burger needs some work!  The breakfast creations looked fantastic and did tempt even my breakfast food hating palate so sticking to the breakfast section here is your best bet.Sunday morning breakfast. Busy spot, and the tables were super close to each other (my only complaint). I got a Bellini and my husband proceeded to not only knock it over but also break the glass. The people around were helpful and when a bus person came by he immediately helped and was kind about it. The food was good. My daughter had both a pancake and biscuit with her eggs and enjoyed both. My husband had the two two plate and enjoyed it very much. I had the California Benedict and it was good, but those potatoes with it stole the show. I'm a sucker for good breakfast potatoes and these were good. Good size chunks that were crispy, not over or under cooked, and seasoned well. Also, I was delivered another Bellini without even asking! I felt badly for not only spilling but breaking the glass so I planned to just fly under the radar and not ask for another - but they gave me one and it was quite tasty!Meh...not bad but I have had MUCH better, they're do decent food but they lack imagination and that IT factor, that I have come to expect from New Orleans dining establishments, it is just a hoe hum breakfast spot that gets the job done but doesn't really move the meter in any way, if it wasn't so close to my house I would never go.
The neighborhood is fantastic and all the servers are all super nice, I just wish the actually had something on the menu that is unique or made me say wow, but my guess is that they are have been doing it the same way for years so they feel no need to change, but once again I can't help but think they can be a lot more ambitious and creative with the menu, but then again I am admittedly a food snob so perhaps I am asking for a bit much.
Lastly they really need to pay more attention to dusting the bar area, as I am surveying the place I am seeing a substantial amount of dust and cobwebs, and if I can see it that clearly that is telling me that it is weeks if not months worth of accumulation which is honestly unacceptable, when running a resterant attentions to the small details means everything, they should have more pride than that in my opinion, if your food isn't over the topic delicious and mind blowing your place better at LEAST be tidy at all times!I took an old girlfriend here the day after Halloween '14 for a bit of nostalgia being that it used to be "our" place for Saturday morning breakfasts 15 years before (even when it was Bluebird).. and it was as good we remembered!! Great staff, and courteous waitresses make the food extra special for this family owned Ma&Pa staple in uptown NOLA...thanks and keep it up!!This place has delicious breakfast for great prices. Came here for the first time when my mom was in town for the week and she came back two more times while I was running errands. She still asks about this place. The service is friendly and the atmosphere is all around pleasant.One of my few "regular" places for brunch.  Their omelets are always delicious, whether stuffed with crawfish or or a more traditional sausage and veggie.  I will admit their pecan waffles are a weakness for me.  As someone who prefers savory breakfasts it says a lot that I pretty much always talk whoever I'm with into splitting pecan waffles for dessert.  Still a great local place for a solid breakfast-- no gimmicks, no crazy recipes, just a solid breakfast.Love this place, wonderful little neighborhood joint with yummy food, chill atmosphere and friendly service!Excellent food and service! Menu features breakfast staples as well as some interesting feature items. Wonderful, eclectic atmosphere. Two blocks from my son's new apartment. I'll definitely be back!I love going here on the weekends.  It's only a couple of blocks from my house so I have been known to walk there with my husband once or twice or more times than that.  It does draw a crowd on the weekend and at times there is a line out the door but it moves fast and you won't have to wait long.  It's a first come first serve for seating so if you see it then take it! 
The iced coffee is surprisingly good, the omelets are big, and the staff is friendly.  If you're looking for an exotic breakfast then this isn't the place, but if you want a breakfast and you don't feel like cooking then this is your place!  yummy!This place is the best !!! Eat here at least once a week, sometimes more. Celeste and her crew really make you feel welcome.I came here on a Sunday around 1150, waited 20 minutes and two tables behind me were seated right close to us. The tables who were seated after us received their food and ate before we even saw our first course. It took 50 minutes for our food to arrive an it was nearing 2 pm. The food was decent but the service was terrible. How hard is it to serve tables in order? All we got was easy, typical breakfast food and a salad.Great neighborhood breakfast spot. Helpful and friendly staff. Counter and seating. I enjoyed breakfast at the counter - coffee, sunnyside up eggs, the most amazing potatoes, seriously. and they weren't heavy (you know how sometimes those darn breakfast potatoes can sit in your stomach for an entire day....not these), and a flaky biscuit --- 6 bucks. Yes it's true. I am definitely a fan and would come back!Fabulous breakfast in this hidden Uptown gem. Generous delicious portions, great atmosphere and great attentive service made this the best breakfast I've had in 25 years of visiting NOLA!long line moved fast, street parking, amazing service and awesome delicious food. go here.Friendly service, delicious food, and great neighborhood location. 
I've been going to Panola St. Cafe for years now after being introduced to the restaurant by a friend who lives nearby. It is my go-to spot for a simple and inexpensive breakfast on weekdays and weekends alike. 
Dining there is like having breakfast in your own kitchen, which is so nice when you're not interested in a fussy brunch that will break the bank. Take your newspaper and wear your pajamas- you'll be greeted with a smile and a cup of coffee as soon as you walk in the door. 
As strange as it sounds, the hamburger is one of my favorite menu items. Nothing cures an early-morning hangover like some red meat and french fries!The staff is so friendly and they work together like a well-oiled machine.  They are what makes this place work....in addition to the crabcake eggs benedict, the waffles, and the freshly squeezed OJ.
Yeah, there's usually a line and the parking can be tricky.  But I still go!Whenever we're in the neighborhood we stop in. Great breakfast and lunch spot. You can't go wrong there. I recommend the hue is rancherosThis place is just ok. The staff aren't overly friendly and the food is just mediocre. I live right down the street so it is convenient to grab an egg sandwich, but it's nothing that I couldn't make myself at home. The potatoes aren't seasoned enough and the bacon is kind of floppy. I guess you get what you pay for.Great food for a hole in the wall place. The  atmosphere makes you feel at home. The paintings on the wall (for sale) give the restaurant an interesting view. The hash browns are delicious!!!This is a really cool neat place with a authentic neighborhood New Orleans vibe. The food is great!Great neighborhood gem tucked away in Carrolton. Great brunch menu. Excellent coffee and helpful, accommodating, unobtrusive service. I like that it is off the beaten path and then Weekend mornings come along and Saturday is for the hungover students and Sunday for the post church-goers. Love the casual atmosphere. Keep up the good work!The first time we came here I was utterly impressed but I feel like everytime we've come back we've just been underwhelmed. My pancakes always come out tough or rubbery, the bacon is cold and tough as well as the potatoes not always being cooked properly. It's never really been enough to complain to the staff but I'm just a little more disappointed every time we oh back. I feel like the slower they are, the less effort they out into the food. Service is always pretty good but I don't know how many more chances we will give them. It's sad bc they are so close to the house!Pretty average. Super busy but it was a Saturday. Took awhile to be greeted at the door. Not offered coffee refills, food came warm but we watched it sit in the window for a bit.Great food. Consistent quality. Fast service. One of my favorite little breakfast places.It was at Riccobono..; where I had grits for the very 1st time!  This restaurant reminded me a lot like a downtown cafe in Martinez, CA.; except it was in New Orleans with your traditional southern specialties, such as crawfish & grits.  Their price is decent, you get a good serving amount, and the food was extremely flavorful!  The restaurant had a very homey atmosphere, as the workers were personally friendly to their customers and the locals were very sociable too.  If I lived in New Orleans.., I would dine at this establishment frequently; as it's a great place to have breakfast, brunch or lunch; while socializing with your friends, the locals or even with their workers.My husband and I both had delicious breakfast here: a healthy egg whites and grilled turkey with avocado plate for me and huevos rancheros for him. Quick service and friendly staff. Highly recommend if you're in this neighborhood.Food was good. We had breakfast. Like the pancakes and waffles. I recommend getting them without the add-ons (strawberries or banana nut).  They are ok but not worth the up-charge.  The restaurant is in a cute spot in the middle of the neighborhood and very artsy decor (most of it is for sale on the wall).I got my go-to eggs benedict. Hubby got pancakes and bacon.  The servers were really busy and it took a bit of extra effort to flag them down a few times.  All in all a decent meal, but it didn't knock my socks off.I got the eggs benedict and it was good but found myself stealing my girlfriends pollo rancheros. Very good choice with full plate of flavor. Beware: the iced coffee is about as strong as jet fuel, so make sure you are ready for that. We didn't wait long for a table, despite it being Labor Day at 10am.I love the 1,2,3 and the 2,2,3 plates.  In general I don't eat a lot, but I can finish these plates - which might mean someone who a lot might want to purchase more food.  The silver dollar pancakes are so cute and so perfect and so delicious!  The wait weekend mornings is often out the door, but they seat people as quickly as they can and there is often room at the breakfast bar (no alcohol here!).
I've seen people here with kids - they don't seem to have any problems here.  I wouldn't recommend this place for groups unless it's during a weekday, non-holiday because the wait would be phenomenal.  The tables here seat 4.Riccobonos Panola St Cafe
Bright, locals daytime cafe known for its hearty breakfasts.
Address: 7801 Panola St, New Orleans, LA 70118
Phone:(504) 314-1810
Hours: 7 days/wk 7AM-2PM
panolastreetcafe.com
We had a late breakfast here and throughly enjoyed the locals scene and delicious breakfast selections. They have a nice selection of favorite breakfasts but only a couple of sandwiches. 
Great omlettes and waffles!Waking up on Saturday's or Sunday's, I'm always craving a bangin' brunch and Panola is usually the first thing that comes to mind. I love it here. The atmosphere is so chill and inviting. It can hold a lot more people that it looks like from the outside, so I've never had a crazy hard time finding a table.
Their breakfast/brunches are awesome, but I've recently discovered the chicken sandwich which is definitely my new fave. I was in the mood for a poboy so bad one morning, and that was the closest thing on the menu to it. BY FAR more delicious than I could have imagined. My new go-to when I'm at Panola. (Order dressed, with bacon and cheddar cheese...ohhhhh lawd.)
And not to mention the Iced Coffee. Perfect. Order it.I wasn't particularly impressed with my grilled chicken sandwich, but the crawfish saute omelet my friend got was pretty delicious.  Service was slow and not accurate, unfortunately.  Our server had to come back and ask us twice to confirm our order after taking it the first time.  On top of that, one of the dishes still came out wrong.Sorry for the one star. I was hopeful, truly I was.  But when I ordered Huevos Rancheros made with beans heated from a can, gobs of cheddar and sour cream to cover up the stale tortillas and pace picante sauce layered in...Well sorry folks, dats some bullshit. My mom got liver and grits (Blech!) and was pleased. But hubby's hash looked like vomit (another indication of can usage). Neither of us have ever had the urge to go back up in deya.  I pay for food I either can't cook, or food I don't feel like cooking. Riccobono Panola provided neither.Cute local spot for breakfast and lunch. The walls are lined with artwork from local artists and are available for sale at affordable prices. The severs are all super friendly and do a nice job getting ya watchu want. The food however was mehh.. And the portions are a little skimpy. Nothing on the menu is really creative or interesting more just your basic breakfast, salads and burgers. Good spot if your in the area but nothing you need to make a trip for.Panola's secret
Short-order chefs put the 'Ohs'
In Riccobono's
#Haiku #NOLA_Haiku
#Riccobonos #NOLAbrunch #NOLA
#NOLA_EatsI love this place. It built like a house. I always get the crawfish omelet with grits and bacon and toast. there orange juice is fresh squeezed so if you can't handle the pulp don't order it. It may take a while to be seated but it is well worth the wait.Terrific neighborhood Breakfast Spot! Food is always good, Ambience is great! The waffles tend to take a little longer to make!Excellent food, great staff! The crawfish omelet was to die for! Casual dining. Will visit again!For this Thanksgiving holiday, my girlfriend took a trip to Austin with her friend.  Not to be outdone, I, too, decided to embark on an adventure.  With a few shekels in my pocket and my copy of Gulliver's Travels, I took off for a country called Fontainebleau in the exotic land of Uptown.  Eventually, I arrived at Riccobono's Panola St. Cafe hungry and weary.  I ambled into the unassuming cafe, a stranger many meters from my familiar Marigny home, sat down and was promptly greeted by a friendly waitress who provided me with victuals in the form of an All-American three egg omelette, which consisted of chunked ham and American cheese, with a side of grits and a biscuit with a Coke to slake my traveler's thirst.  Emerging from the dark corners of my own psyche, I began to take notice of my surroundings.  The place was filling up with local types, many of whom resembled me in appearance, but most had two to three tiny humanoid creatures in tow.  I was startled and confused until I looked down at my book and realized that these must be the Lilliputians Swift had warned me about, though perhaps a different breed from that described in my tome.  Most seemed somewhat taller than six inches and appeared to suffer from some mental deficiency, their loud speech broken and impaired, their eyes wide and blank staring out from their smooth round faces.  In any case, they seemed to hold the normal people in the grips of an incomprehensible terror.  Those of average size spoke to the little creatures in syrupy dulcet tones and ordered food for them from something called a "kid's menu," clearly in fear of what would happen if they didn't keep these tiny humanoids pacified.  As a Marigny dweller, I recognized my ignorance of these Lilliputians and their customs, but they had obviously infested this country of Fontainebleau and enslaved the residents.  At this point, I thought it wise to keep my head down and focus on my breakfast.  
The omelette was OK, though a bit dry and light on the ham, the homemade biscuit was good, but not great.  However, the grits were on the money.  I was just beginning to relax a bit when, horror of horrors, Journey's "Don't Stop Believin'" began to play through the cafe's speakers.  While I hate to cast a wet blanket over your vague memories of drunken spring break singalongs with your frat brothers/sorority sisters in preparation for the annual gangbang ritual, I must confess, I have always passionately HATED that damn song.  Beginning to fear a Lilliputian revolt, I raised my gaze to take the pulse of the room while Steve Perry whined "Dooon't stop..." when suddenly, everything cut to black and silence for about five seconds when, seemingly from nowhere, the words "Associate Producer MICKIE REUSTER" illuminated the darkness.  Eventually, the room returned to normal.  With panic-stricken eyes, I surveyed the environment and breathed a sigh of relief upon finding the small ones unfazed.  Most of the regular sized people seemed confused and disconcerted, except for two acne-scarred TV critics who argued over the relative brilliance of such a denouement.  As an equally atrocious Rihanna song began to play over the sound system, I paid my tab - just under $12 plus tip - and beat a hasty retreat.  My breakfast was certainly serviceable, though I won't make a special trip there again anytime soon.  However, if you find yourself in this area, it's definitely not a bad place for you and your Lilliputian masters to snag a decent breakfast.  
Epilogue:  Just in case you were wondering, I made it home safely, back to the land of transgendered, purple-mohawked panhandlers in dirty brown raiment with mangy dogs, i.e., normality, and thanked whatever divine powers that may be in the universe that my land is familiar with the notion of contraception.Perfect breakfast in a cute neighborhood spot. I had the crawfish eggs benedict. This is by far, the best Benedict I have ever had. I had them substitute the English muffin for a fresh biscuit and added avocado. The cheese grits were the best I had on my entire trip. Just typing about it makes me want to go back right now. The service was fast and really friendly. For sure, a go-to restaurant.The pecan pancake stack was delicious. Nice restaurant for breakfast for a family. Excellent customer service, great food, and nice size portion at a good price. 
The home fries and California omelette are the best. Definitely coming back here next time we are in town.
Thank you for helping us start our day with great food.Really enjoy this place!! It's such an eclectic and cool kind of vibe. Food was pretty solid. I really loved the crab cake benedict! The seating is a little rough bc it is really close together and the parking is a pain, but definitely a great breakfast spot!The place is very nice and home-y. The decor is cute and cozy. I really want to like this place.
I ordered the Sausalito omelet, add bacon. It also came with a biscuit and some potatoes, which had probably been sitting under a light in the kitchen because they were barely warm and so was my biscuit. It all looked nice though, very generous portions. My omelet however was very wet, which I'm assuming was from the mushrooms being washed under water (they're supposed to be wiped down with a wet cloth, if washed under water they soak it all up and release it when they cook). They did not skimp on the spinach in my omelet which was nice, but I didn't even finish half because it was so watery. My coffee was $2 and also tasted like water. My date enjoyed his breakfast because how can you mess up eggs, bacon, ham and grits. 
Will come back eventually though, and try something  else. Maybe a lunch special, nothing with mushrooms and spinach.We took some out of town family members. The service and food were excellent. Great atmosphere! My family was so impressed they want to go back when they are in town againCute cafe with a large enough menu to please everyone. My husband and I ordered omelets and they were at our table in no time. Great service and great food!Delicious food, the service was okay- typical of a busy diner. Local art on the walls, pretty good atmosphere aside from being so loud. Over all we enjoyed our experience, the crawfish omelette was perfection and the huevos rancheros though under seasoned, was still pretty damn good (if the chef is reading this- we just recommend more salt  and maybe some garlic powder or cumin).This is a classic breakfast spot in a converted house in the middle of a neighborhood. I've gone here for probably 15 years. They serve classic, traditional, standard breakfast fare at a fair price. If you're a foodie snob who wants something trendy and chic, go somewhere else. Then again, if you eat tofu or kale for breakfast, why are you in New Orleans anyway?Seriously good iced coffee on a hot summer morning. I had the veggie omelet with the potatoes and it hit the spot. Friend had the crab cakes Benedict which I did not try, but there was not a crumb left on that plate. Also sampled the blueberry waffles-- quite satisfying when you're craving Belgian waffle goodness. Plus for 3 meals and three iced coffees, it was less than $40.  Great place to go on a Sunday morning for Brunch!+I went there two years ago and the brunch are very yummy, but today it seems the menu has changed and the taste cannot compare with that of before. Don't know why.This place is perfect for a brunch spot. They had a crawfish omelet was tasty and their orange juice is fresh squeezed! I would recommend this to anyone that likes to eat.This is a MUST do when you are in the New Orleans area.
The dishes are wonderful, regional, comfort foods! Wait staff are helpful and courteous. Prices are reasonable AND there is art work on the walls that you can purchase and take home with you. 
What more can you ask for?Great breakfast food! I got an omelette and it was awesome. Only bad thing was that I sat outside and was SWARMED by flies - but that's summertime in New Orleans for ya!My friend brought me here the other day for breakfast. Initially, we had gone to an Oak Street restaurant but left because the band was a little too loud for" our dining pleasure". Jon had eaten here,at Panola, the previous day & told me how good it was. I'm SO GLAD he brought me here ! The service was exceptionally good & fast, our server, Indigo (yep- that's her name ) was attentive, she had perfect timing in coming to our table & was truly delightful a person. And the food ?? The food was delicious. Jon ordered scrambled eggs& pancakes - I can't remember what else & I had scrambled eggs, potatoes& a biscuit. Eggs,cooked exactly the way I asked,potatoes were big hash brown cubes ( size DOES matter & their size was perfect for me ) & the biscuit was homemade & absolutely delicious. Panola Street Cafe is DEFINATELY worth a trip from wherever you live. Make sure you ask for Indigo & tip her well ! She deserves it.This place is living proof that New Orleans is a city of regular people who happen to live in it.  We don't all own trumpets and tubas, and not everyone is a raggedy starving artist.  Thank God the hipsters haven't discovered this place yet!  You don't know how unbelievably happy we were to be called "y'all," NOT "you guys" by the cheerful and very efficient staff.
My girlfriend tells me her scrambled eggs were delicious and perfectly cooked.  Her pancakes were good too.  My eggs Benedict were pretty tasty and still hot when I bit into these nicely poached little gems of deliciousness.  The grits were nicely cooked too.  There were a couple of little cold spots on both of our plates, but nothing to complain about.  
All in all, we had a delightful breakfast.  We enjoyed sitting there this morning, planning our day over a couple of fresh and comforting cups of coffee--amid the chink-chink of the silverware and the swaying pleasant din of others around us, having a day as good as ours.  I enjoyed getting some extra toast as soon as I asked for it, and I truly enjoyed the appropriate and reasonable prices.  
I'm happy to say I recommend this place.Great waitresses! Very friendly. Great food and atmosphere. Apparently, no ones a local, but everybody's a regular.Just walked out after waiting twenty minutes with empty coffee cups to place our orders while three servers walked back and forth last our table, repeatedly, without making eye contact. Other tables waited a long time to order as well and were still waiting for for food when we walked out.This is such a nice place.  Food was great as well as the service! The western omelet was perfect. Will be back for the eggs Benedict.  We saw one pass by and it looked amazing. Everything is from scratch.OMG, this place is GREAT!!!  Local place with lots of charm and wonderful food! Went there twice on our recent trip to NOLA.  Super homemade biscuits and the Southern omelet was really good!  Highly recommend this place.3 stars is generous only because there are too many other great neighborhood places nearby. Generally a very middle of the road place with average coffee, service, and food.3.75/5 simple and satisfying
you came in for eggs. duh. you came in for a nice, filling breakfast without frills or the hassle of waiting in some line. came here recently to start sunday and was quickly seated and had hot coffee in front of me in no time. and the coffee stayed full - i mean i don't think our waitress passed by our table without ever asking if we wanted to top off our mugs. it almost got to be a bit much, but at the same time i fully appreciate that she was making sure that our number 1 priority (caffeine-intake) was met, followed by our number 2 priority (egg-intake). i had a pretty solid omelette that kept me full into my late-lunch later that day.
if you're not from the neighborhood, keep in mind that parking may get tricky. allow yourself some time so you're not late to your table!About your average neighborhood breakfast joint.  For those who live only a few blocks away it's God's gift to mankind.  Is it worth a drive across town?  Probably not.  The food was decent, the service was friendly but a little...unorganized.  Prices were average (my banana-nut belgian waffle was $7).  I'll probably go here again because I live nearby.Panola hits the mark at every level. Neighborhood cafe, cheery meeting spot, solid menu executed well. A delightful place to spend a breakfast or lunch with a companion. 
My two visits have been unhurried breakfasts. The first I sampled their huevos rancheros. One of my favorite food items, I order it any time I see it on a menu. Panola's version is superb, including black beans, sour cream, and guacamole. 
My most recent visit I ordered the Virginia Dare Omlette, Cooked just right (that is to say not overlooked, a chronic problem with eggs of any type), its filled with tomato, bacon and cheese. Grits on the side are rich, and enough to serve as breakfast alone on most days. 
Beware, no parking whatsoever. One must hunt along the residential streets, which is a nuisance during busy dining times. 
Otherwise, it's a delightful place to while away a meal.Not impressed at all.  My coffee cup was dirty and the food was kind of gross.  Will not be back.My favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Order the Eggs Sardou; it's a specialty! From the art on the walls, to friendly waitstaff, cooked to order meals, and lots of locals, this is a great hole in the wall breakfast place not to be missed. It's the Bluebird Cafe Times 2.I had a pretty mediocre first experience here, which is a shame bc I've heard such great things. I met my mom and a friend for a late breakfast on a Thursday morning. My mom ordered crab cakes and salad, I ordered the two egg plate with grits (I'm allergic to potatoes) and bacon, and our friend ordered the two egg plate with potatoes and smoked sausage. 
My mom got one tiny crab cake and a tiny salad- she had to ask twice for the dressing and twice for hot sauce before any was brought to her. A few minutes later they brought just the sausage out to our friend. Then they brought a plate with my eggs but her potatoes. I told them I was allergic, and she explained her order. They took it all back to the kitchen, and over the next 20 minutes proceeded to bring things out in bits and pieces. On top of that, I didn't even get a water refill over this time. The food was good, but not great. I'm not sure if I will come back to try it again or not.This was an awesome breakfast! Liver and Grits that I didn't have to cook... YESSSSS!A must for breakfast when I'm in town.  Eggs Benedict, crispy French Fries, a grilled biscuit, & coffee for $15 + tip. Friendly waitresses, sunny room, plenty of space, and a pleasant way to start off the morning. I've only eaten there on weekdays, so I don't know about crowds. Sharpen your parking skills before you go.Best eggs benedict in all of New Orleans. The food and wait staff are always reliably good. A must-eat breakfast every time I come home to New Orleans and am looking for classic spots. Tasty!Super good breakfast spot walking distance from my AirBnb. Maggie, the waitress, is the best!!! I had the pecan banana silver dollar pancakes combo - everything was super delicious. And I've discovered the magic that is New Orlean's Community coffee. OMG.
Go there! Say hi to Maggie. And drink the coffee :)Deliciously cute with simple, but well done food. The coffee was better than the typical diner and the staff is always friendly. Loved it.Grits were great as was the California Benedict. What was the most impressive was our service. From the busser working fast to get us seated to our server who was attentive and super sweet, we were taken care of so well it deserved more than a 20% gratuity. Keep it up y'all! We'll definitely be back!Riccobono has accomplished something I have not seen in any other brunch place: amazingly tasty food with a reasonable price tag.
Definitely order pancakes. I did not expect to get the biggest pancakes I've ever ordered and for them to be that fluffy and amazing.
When I am back in NOLA, I will definitely come back here.Great neighborhood restaurant with a homie feel. Staff was very warm and friendly.  I like the omelettes.Been here about 4 times now and never super impressed. The first time we went about 6 months ago, we had great service and great food, crab cake Benedict was some of the best breakfast food I had ever had. After that visit however, the food and service has progressively worsened. The food is either too salty or has absolutely no seasoning at all. Today we felt completely neglected by our server, maybe she was just having an off day. What ever the case may be, I won't be back for awhile. There are plenty of other cool neighborhood eateries to check out.Wife found this place as we were riding the trolley! Wow!!! What a treat!!! Great way to have a wonderful breakfast! Would recommend to friends and all!I ordered the Crab Cakes Benedict and it was quite tasty!  I also liked the atmosphere of the restaurant!  Would definitely go back!  :)I live right down the block and I goto this place alot. The breakfast is great but the lunch menu isnt all that. The omelette's are all excellent and the other breakfast plates are really great as well, especially the eggs benedict. If you've ever been to Petunia's its the St. Louis without the english muffin and tomato. The burgers leave alot to be desired so I would skip that. The inside atmosphere is nice, the staff is friendly, the walls are covered in art, and the crowd is a nice mix of people. If you're going on a Saturday or Sunday morning you may have a short wait, but nothing ridiculous. Prices are not bad at all and you get decent portions. Just so you know in advanced, the hash browns arent really hashbrowns, more like potatoes but still goodThe Crab Cakes Benedict are what I live for. Their iced coffee is also amazingly tasty.
The food was so good I even got a job there for a short while (I needed one anyways). So I know first hand that the OJ is fresh squeezed and the  food is as good as it is inexpensive. 
I always tell anyone who visits New Orleans that they must go here.I rate this a five star because of how quick the service is and how nice the waiters are. I love how they have paintings on the walls and how calming the restaurant isVery good breakfast with very friendly service. The atmosphere was nice and great prices on the food. Defintely a great place to go before the zoo.My brother lived like 5 houses down from this place so it was super convenient and good.  We always ordered the pecan waffles, egg benedict, and omelets.My mouth was watering in anticipation of the crabcake hollandaise and potatoes. One bite into this highly touted dish left me disappointed and disgusted. Everything was lukewarm, at best, and the crabcake was so fishy I couldn't finish it. Our waitress didn't come back and when she finally did appear, I mentioned my concerns. She told me she would tell the cook and when she came back she said the cook told her that "sometimes the crabcake is fishy." Overpriced and horrible. I won't be back.Great breakfast spot in my neighborhood. Walk in and sit where u like. The omelettes are fantastic and the iced coffee is addicting! Great service, chill spot with cute local art hung that u can purchase. Love this place!I have been to this place plenty of times but have not had the time to write a great review of this spot! The best thing about this place is the price! For the kind of food you get from here, you will never pay more than you should. It is a local neighborhood restaurant  and it keeps its funky local upbeat with plenty of items for sale while you dine. I love how the place is set up, its not too kitschy and just knows what type of place it wants to be. I hope to one day purchase one of their many paintings that they have on their walls!
Now, on to the food. The food is excellent for the price. I have never had a complaint about any meal that I have had at this perfect and out of the way breakfast joint! I hope it will stay the way it is, because the food and the price are unbeatable! This place has become my breakfast spot to go to after the Crescent City Classic, and that is saying a lot!
If you find this hidden gem, you will not find it disappointing one bitI'd give it 3.5 stars if I could but definitely feel closer to three than four.  Someone mentioned it's a breakfast that gets the job done and I agree that that's about it.  The menu has a pretty wide variety with some things better than others, but as a whole is just a fair bit better than average.  
There were a few things I liked about the meal and a few things I didn't.  We ordered strawberry pancakes, and instead of strawberry pancakes we got plain pancakes topped with syrupy canned type strawberries.  I was expecting something fresh.  The strawberries were bad, but the pancakes were actually pretty good.  Next time i'll just order them plain.
The other thing I had was a sausalito omelette.  It was pretty yummy--I liked the contents a bit more than the eggs which I thought were pretty flavorless.  Still, it was cooked fine and tasted good.  I REALLY liked the small bit of hash brown potatoes they served with it....these were very yummy.  However, I wanted fruit as a side but they were out.  I read another review that it isn't good but I didn't want toast or a biscuit so this didnt work out so great.  
It got the job done and the atmosphere was nice and friendly.  Definitely a cute place and has some charm.  May or may not be backFirst off this place is adorable.  The local artwork on the wall is fantastic, and for sale.  I had the crawfish etouffee omelette, and it was perfect.  The eggs come out fluffy, perfectly made.  I had some on ky buddies buttermilk pancakes, and they were also on point.  I love presentation, and everything that my buddies family had came out looking great, and the table got really quiet once the food came out.  One of the top breakfast spots in the city fosho.This is a great place to go if you just want a simple breakfast. It didn't seem like they had a liquor license so no mimosas and bloody mary's but if you're just looking for a waffle with some bacon this is your place to go. VERY low prices and the food is decent!This is truly the definition of a neighborhood gem. My boyfriend and I moved to this neighborhood in July and can't believe we just recently discovered this quaint cafe. Now we go at least once a week. Our server is always a sweetheart   The food is great and the specials are always delicious. I've tried a bunch of different things on the menu and have never been disappointed. I'm not an eater of grits but my boyfriend considers himself a connoisseur and he was very satisfied with them. I also love the amount of dishes and specials that incorporate avocados! They have outdoor and indoor seating as well. I highly recommend this place!We came in and as for a table for 6. They then let a group that came in after us have the table for 6 and wouldn't let us push two tables together. Not the greatest service for a restaurant that wasn't even that busy...Have never had a bad meal or poor service here.  Incredibly consistent and they don't try to be more than they are - which is a great local joint for breakfast/brunch/lunch.Breakfast here is just like your mom used to make. That is if she really knew how to cook. Had eggs Benedict  on a biscuit!! Service is always great and it's a fun place to people watch. Just a great place to start your day exploring New Orleans!!!Love this neighborhood gem! Food is always delicious and very reasonably priced. Can't beat it!Fantastic!  My husband and I ate here on Sunday.  Atmosphere was great, service was great and the food was fantastic.  My husband and I split the crab cake and egg breakfast.  We will return...Strolling around on a beautiful Sunday morning searching for a brunch spot we took a right off of Carrollton and low behold we found this gem. 
Great atmosphere, while you wait for your food take a gander around and see what's is decorating the walls around y'all! 
Three of us sat down two ordered breakfast and I ordered lunch. Erika had a three cheese omelette with a side of home fries (She could not have been happier). John had their special pontchartrain Benedict, which was eggs Benedict with crawfish talk about a southern breakfast treat. (John took every bite has happy as the first) I had a chicken sandwich with bacon and sweet potato fries- delicious. All in all this place hit the spot and is on the list to go back in the near future.An update to my earlier review....I've fortunately been corrected on my assumptions for this restaurants sourcing (see My Compliments).  The beans apparently DO NOT come from a can, nor is the salsa PACE from a jar.  Thus making the food all the more disgusting.  I certainly would've let my opinion rest, but saying that the crappy beans and salsa actually are made in the kitchen, is more insulting to the restaurant than letting me assume they come from the store.  Eat here at your own risk folks.Street parking available, open daily 7AM-2PM. Appears to have some outdoor seating, but not today because it was raining.
Crabcake Benedict with potatoes was my order - perfectly poached eggs, delicious, melt in your mouth ... Crab cakes were to die for and I am VERY picky when it comes to crab cakes!
Western omelet (my boyfriend's order) - also super tasty!
Service was fast and coffee was instantly re-filled when needed! 
We will definitely be back!By far my favorite breakfast place. I get the same thing every time because it's just too good.. 2 eggs, sausage patties and the home fries (BEST I've ever had). I'm obsessed with this place. Friendly staff, fun environment.. There's usually a bit of a wait on weekends but it's so worth it. 
My only complaint is I wish they were open ALL DAY!! I would come here for breakfast, lunch, and dinn..Its off the beaten path but a great place for a good breakfast at a decent price. i always get something different. The local art for sale on the walls is a quirky touch. The waffle is huge and very tasty! The regular breakfast with eggs bacon etc is very good as well!As a fan of the Metairie Peppermill, I can equally charmed with this little place.  It's quaint and in a neighborhood off Carrolton.  Always love breakfast and this place serves a good reasonable hot breakfast.  Can be a little crowed on the weekends, but tables move fairly quickly and in a pinch you can sit at the counter.  Love their pancakes and omelets.  Great place to enjoy breakfast and lunch.Service is so hit and miss I wouldn't want to bring anyone here with me. Sometimes it's great and they are timely and super friendly other times you will be ignored. At least no one is rude. Chances of getting attention from staff increases based on number in party and amount spent. The coffee is good just good luck getting a refill.riccobono's is a good spot for breakfast. i generally stick to the two two three plate. i really like their california benedict too. never really ventured out of the breakfast realm yet. the only reason i'm duke of this joint is because i live two blocks away. and for another unpublicized reason.
the staff is very nice and expect a laid back atmosphere. it can get a little hairy when they're busy though.I was in the neighborhood super early (7am) one morning, and I was particularly starved and hungover. This was the only place open, so I decided to stop in. It's on a corner in what appears used to be an old house. They have a little breakfast bar as well as table seating.
I loved all the art and decorations-- felt very homey and NOLA. My waitress was super sweet and efficient. I ordered a basic breakfast of eggs, bacon, toast, etc., but the menu has all your usual breakfast/brunch offerings.
Maybe it's because I was starving, but I literally ate every last crumb. The food came out quick and hot, and it's more than reasonably priced. 
I wish this was more in my hood because it would be a solid place for a good, cheap, hangover cure.I LOVE this place!!! It's a great neighborhood restaurant. They serve alcohol now too!!! I used to live two blocks away and I would walk to breakfast or lunch at least three times a month. They food is always good and the staff is fun and pleasant. Local artists hang their wares on the walls for purchase as well. I highly recommend!7/15/18 visit. I am a Westbanker, but I love coming to New Orleans. I suggested to my friend that we try one of her favorite spots for brunch, so we did. It was Sunday, so it was a little crowded. It wasn't long before we were seated. We had mimosas, which were TASTY!  The food was excellent. I had the 2,2,3. (2 scrambled eggs, 2 pieces of bacon, w/ 3 silver dollar pancakes) with a small grits and an order of fries. It was amazing! Reminds me of Trolley Stop on St. Charles. Our waitress, whomever her name was, was great and friendly. The atmosphere, just was so NEW ORLEANS, I can't describe it! Overall, this place was amazing, I will eat here again in the future!Great, casual, no-frills brunch spot. We went on a Sunday morning and there wasn't a wait which I'm guessing from the other reviews was quite lucky. I had the crab cakes benedict which hit the spot perfectly and my companion raved about the pecan waffles. The service wasn't great in that they weren't very attentive and didn't really pay attention to coffee and water refills but there were no major missteps in my opinion. This is definitely a spot I'd like to revisit and try more selections from the menu.Average food and a long wait.
Came here for Saturday brunch and waited with a group of 4 for about 25 minutes. There are way better places in NOLA to eat for brunch with a similar wait. 
I ordered the crab cake Benedict and an orange juice with grits and cheese on the side. One of my poached eggs was completely cooked through and had a rock solid yolk which was utterly disgusting (for someone who enjoys a runny yolk). The food was also warm at most, some of my bites were cold. The grits, they just put a piece of American cheese on and didn't even bother to melt it in. 
UPDATE**:
Went back for a quick meal. Was super unimpressed. Greasy eggs and potatoes and dry sausage for $20! 
The only really good thing was the orange juice. 
Stay away!Great place for breakfast brunch and lunch! Really good service and definitely recommend giving this place a try, you will not be disappointed!I live super close to this place now and had to try it out because it was featured in the Yelp brunch email.
My sister and I were having a late morning on a Saturday and had to rush because she had to be somewhere in an hour. I called to ask how busy they were and whether we'd be able to be in and out in an hour. The person on the phone told me yes.
We walked over and found a table. We had great timing, because right after we seated ourselves, more people showed up and they were waiting for tables.
I got the Eggs Benedict since that's what people say to get. My sister ordered plain waffles. I was a little surprised to see that my yolk was fully cooked (one a little less than the other, but still almost solid) in both of my Eggs Benedict. I don't mind hugely, and we were pressed for time, so I ate it and it was still enjoyable. But I don't know if that's how they always do their Eggs Benedict or if mine were just overcooked. My sister liked her waffles.
Service was good and we *were* in and out within an hour. Pretty enjoyable experience overall, just not sure about my Eggs Benedict.Nice little neighborhood cafe.  Even on a busy Saturday morning, we only had to wait about 15 minutes for a table.  The Banana Nut pancakes are awesome!  Good service, quaint charm, excellent food, and reasonable prices.  What more could you ask for?Man, I don't understand how some people have gotten good food here.
I've eaten at Panola at least five times, since until lately there haven't been too many good, low-key breakfast places Uptown (but now there's Satsuma! Can't wait to try it). Every time, my food has been worse than before.
Bland oatmeal; questionably fresh fruit; half-cooked "hash browns"--read the other reviews; these are more like boiled potatoes than actual hash browns. But the kicker was this week, when I ordered the huevos rancheros hoping against hope it would be good.
It was exactly as another reviewer described it below: a soupy plate of mostly salsa, with what seemed to be canned black beans and cheddar dumped unceremoniously on two fried eggs. Apparently the salsa and black beans are actually made in-house? That's criminal. The whole mess sat on two stale corn tortillas. I had to eat what I could with a spoon. 
Service was friendly and prompt. But that's not enough for an $21 breakfast for two, especially now that Satsuma has an Uptown location. I won't be coming back.Without a doubt one of the best neighborhood brunch places in town. 
It's very informal - no reservations, no seating list - just stand in line and when it's your turn grab the first available table. Yes, it gets pretty crowded in here on the weekends but the line tends to move fast. 
So what makes this place so memorable? It's the food, baby. Excellent eggs sardou - perfectly poached, on top of a decadently tasty creamed spinach and artichoke concoction, all topped off with a generous ladle of fresh holandaise. Oh yes -a full day's worth of calories on single worthy brunch plate. 
Looking for a more traditional breakfast are you? The pancakes seriously rock. Best in town I think. 
Bottom line: Yes, it's basically a diner. No alcohol. Service is as informal as the restaurant itself. Totally rocks. Go. Now.I LOVE this place!!! It's a great neighborhood restaurant. They serve alcohol now too!!! I used to live two blocks away and I would walk to breakfast or lunch at least three times a month. Their  food is always good and the staff is fun and pleasant. Local artists hang their wares on the walls for purchase as well. I highly reccommendI went on a slow weekday morning and was craving their super yummy pancakes.  Too bad the waitress didn't really feel like obliging me.  She took forever to get my order, forever to refill my coffee and forever to bring my check.  Breakfast should be fast and cheap.  The food was good, though, for sure.  If they get better service I would definitely keep going.Yeah I gotta agree with the Alicia T. service, well, was virtually, non existent!   The server, I probably got the same one (Beetleguise looking girl) who could care less than getting me out on time.  I had to ask for everything, which after awhile, can be quite taxing.   Box, check and refill please, you had plenty of time whilst I ladies' roomed.    Although I always tip quite handsomely, it hurt to go 15 percent.   The food was good, but  i said it before and I will say it again, GOOD FOOD CAN NEVER COMPENSATE FOR CRAPPY SERVICE (although crappy food can be overcome by superior service, that was just not the case).  It was a  Monday between 10 and 11, so it wasn;t busy at ALL.   Please take note, I know times are tough, and you are doing the best you can with the resources you have, but better customer service won't cost any more than 2.13 an hour.....I don't really have anything to say about this place...maybe my platter wasn't their best choice. I had a chili and cheese omelette that really didn't have any taste to it.  I couldn't even tell if there was salt in my food; I was disappointed in the chili's blandness as well. The grits needed more taste as well. Service was ok, it was very crowded (which I'm still wondering why but like I said, my choice must not be the best one to try) so I can live with that.  The prices were pretty good.I dig the local/neighborhood feel, and the food is always good. Service doesn't disappoint as well. I like the burgers, but breakfast is really their specialty. Parking may be a challenge, but it's a nice walk in a cool neighborhood.Thanks Great restaurant, friendly staff good breakfast!, delicious pancakes and sausage!!!Really good breakfast, great service. Ordered the Benedict eggs with avocado and it was delicious.Always looking for a nice breakfast spot, but the service is slow, the food is average.  A tendency to burn the hash-browns.  My wife got the strawberrry pancakes one time, she got one strawberry.  An inquiry about more got nowhere.  Pleasant neighborhood feel, would be nice if it were nice.If this place weren't in my neighborhood, I wouldn't come here quite so often.
With standard breakfast fare, and basic diner-lunch options, this place has a little bit of NOLA charm hidden in a S. Carrollton/Uptown neighborhood. 
The earlier you can get here, the better the chances you won't have to wait. And on the weekends, it's hard to stand to wait more than 30 minutes for food, which ends up happening if this is the choice of the Sunday brunch ritual. Other than that, I my tummy loves this bundle of breakfast happiness.
They write specials on the blackboard underneath the kitchen counter - so be sure to check that! They have select awesomeness there - once we opted for the crabcake-topped omelette. Pork chop another time.
Huevos Rancheros is bomb-good. Sometimes the coffee is questionable. And when it gets busy, you can't expect too many smiles from the waitstaff, who look just as hungover as I am, but they are still right on point and will be more than helpful if you have requests. 
Great neighborhood breakfast.
Might have to spend some time looking for parking.This is a cool neighborhood spot to go to when you want a basic American style breakfast. No frills, but it brings a better menu and flavor than a chain restaurant. Service was fast and good and wait staff was friendly. Prices are pretty cheap. We came in around Noon on a Saturday and got a table right away.I went in with a group of friends for Mardi Gras brunch. I got the Crabcake Benedict. The crabcakes were delicious and moist, topped with tangy hollandaise sauce and poached eggs. It was (predictably) busy, but our waitress was friendly and prompt. My friend got the two two three plate and really enjoyed it. 
Some people have complained that there's nothing creative on the menu, but this is the kinda neighborhood joint you come to for old school, New Orleans/American comfort food. Riccobono's is right in my neck of the woods, so I will definitely be back.This was my third visit here... (always for breakfast/brunch)  food is perfectly prepared as requested every time.  my server has always been very friendly and attentive, and the time i was there when it was super-busy, there was another server checking on us when ours was busy.  
this is a very local spot and has artwork by local artists for sale on the walls.
there is also limited sidewalk dining, but we found the flies to be a distraction to otherwise pleasant morning outside.  (my only criticism of this place)Inexpensive but delicious! A great neighborhood spot that has classic dishes made quickly but well. I recommend this place if you want a good, traditional, not too hectic breakfast vibe. Also has good bloody Mary's!Awful the liver was so tough I refused to eat it, watered down pack gravy this is my second time giving this cute neighborhood nook a chance so disappointed . I am not a fan won't be returning.It must be hard being a restaurant in NOLA...it's not about being a small fish in a big pond, or a big fish in a little one...it's the pressure of being a delicious fish in the most delicious pond!  Oh, the pressure.
So the disclaimer accompanying this review is: Riccobono Panola St. Cafe has great, cheery service, a comfortable low-key vibe, and a menu with diverse options.  In other locations it might even warrant an extra star.  In NOLA, though, it just ranks A-OK.
Strolling in on a Saturday morning, I ordered the huevos rancheros.  The best part of the meal was the black beans, which are apparently made in house (and not out of a can) and still held their shape and provided some texture to the meal.  The coffee was strong, and I appreciated the bottomless cup.  My neighbours' eggs benedict, California style (avocado, ftw) looked good, as did the 1,2,3 plate, but not so outrageously delicious that I felt compelled to intrude with my fork onto their plates.
What I like most about this Cafe has nothing at all to do with the food: I like that it's a local place, that many people appear to wake up and head directly to Riccobono (called it: a few examples of bed-head).  I like the service (our server should do stand-up if she doesn't yet have a gig), and the smiles, and the vibe that says "yep, starting a day here is a pretty good warm-up to the weekend".  
Yelp note: I'm a little confused by the hash browns here, as they resemble chunky smashed potatoes more than anything.  To each their own (a concept I culinarily respect!), but for diehard fried-cubes-of-tater-ists: be forewarned.lovely little cafe in the heart of carrollton , parking can be a nightmare but i am lucky to be able to walk there. food is excellent as is service. friendly faces.Alright, here's a simple experiment for the breakfast eaters and makers of New Orleans: 
1. Go to Google and type in "hash browns." Select images. See those? Look familiar? I didn't think so.
2. Go to Google and type in "breakfast potatoes." Select images. See those? Look familiar? That's right, they do. Only you call them "hash browns."
3. Go to Google and type in "lumpy mashed potatoes." Select images. See those? That's what you get when you order "hash browns" at Riccobono Panola.
The above infuriating and baffling revelations aside, this place was pretty good. One might even say "A-OK." It's pleasant and sunny, like a brunch place should be. And the line moved quickly. Service was... serviceful. The corned beef hash was canned but so is most every other corned beef hash served anywhere (exception: Surrey's). 
And seriously, if anyone can explain to me why breakfast potatoes are called "hash browns" here or where to find real hash browns or even the un-mushy variety of breakfast potatoes in this town, I'd be most appreciative. There is no explanation for why Riccobono Panola calls lumpy mashed potatoes "hash browns" though. Don't even try.The iced coffee is amazing here. From what I hear it's slow drip something or another.  (I don't know that much about coffee....obviously.) Two sugars and I'm in heaven.  It's very convenient to where the man and I live, so it's a surprise that only recently have I visited the place. 
It's cute and welcoming inside with sunny yellow walls and local art on the walls.  The food is...pretty good.  It's a bit pricey in my opinion considering you don't get a terribly large portion.  Not to mention, my sides came out cold, and at first was not what I ordered. I got the crawfish eggs benedict. The eggs weren't overcooked and the crawfish were awesome.  The waitress initially brought me out grits but immediately she asked "you ordered grits, right?". Nope, Taters.  No biggie, she realized her mistake immediately and brought my back potatoes. Unfortunately Both the potatoes and grits were cold. 
So overall it was an "eh" experience. The coffee was good... But expensive... The food was good, but not a large portion for the price. Would I go there again?  Maybe.  If I were hung over, starving and didn't want to put forth any effort to get breakfast, yes. 
A positive I can mention is that it's like a neighborhood gem.  The caveat is, the residents on the block lose out on parking and have the occasional "idiot" Parker.Riccobono serves standard New Orleans breakfast fare with charm. The service is always pretty good, and the food is tasty and hits the spot. It's tucked away in a cute Uptown neighborhood (on Panola Street, appropriately named, no?). Parking is sometimes an issue, but the line out the door proves it's worth finding a spot and walking a few blocks. If you go alone (which I did today, and it was not at all awkward or uncomfortable), you can sit at the bar and read a Where Y'at or something. This is just one of those places that really makes you feel at home.
Personally, I love their silver dollar pancakes, buttery and doused in syrup. I ordered the pancakes and one fluffy scrambled egg a la carte. This cost me less than $5 including tax and tip. Now that's a deal.My mom left town today, and I hate to say this but : Thank Sweet Minty Jesus above! Wait, I can explain:  Riccobono is her favorite place, and I live two blocks away, which means that I've been loading up on Crabcake Benedict goodness almost every morning since she landed a week ago! Lord, the weight I've lost is about to find me all over again, but believe me when I say that it's worth it!
Riccobono has many different ways to make my beloved Benedict, and other yummy omelettes and scrambles. The fresh squeezed juice is amazing, and the coffee is strong and never-ending. Shout out to our servers Beth and Gina for taking such good care of my mommy. You are truly some of the people she looks forward to seeing when she comes home to visit!Great service and quick! Love the location. Easy in and out. I ordered the crawfish saut omelette. Crawfish had a strong flavor indicating they may have not been very fresh. None the less, I thoroughly enjoyed my visit and will go back.Panola St. Cafe is delicious! My western omelette was cooked perfectly. The service and atmosphere was excellent! Loved the original art.Funky atmosphere, friendly staff and amazing eggs Benedict with crab cakes! Totally packed for brunch but the staff got us a table quickly and always had a smile on their faces!My cousin made a really good selection today when choosing Riccobonos The crowd was behing me as we walked in as the lunch crowd started to flow in. My Mom was in the mood for Breakfast and after hearing about the Special, "Chili cheese  Omelet " so was I. Home made Chili was not the thick kind but very flavorful. The Potatoes were cut thick and were crisped up on the grill before serving. Honestly I would go back for the Potatoes. Maybe add some cheese sour cream and a  bit of that Chili. I don't know if that's on the Menu  but it should be. I had them to put the Biscuit on the grill, and if you get to this spot you should do the same. You can thank me later. My Mom had Fish and grits. An ample serving of Catfish from what I saw. I tasted the fish and to be honest it was nothing special but she enjoyed it . She doctored up her own Grits, which honestly is how it should be done. Service got slower as the crowd poured in but it was understandable.  I've never had to wait to pay that long before lol. Nice neighborhood place that is a bit out of the way for Tourists but loved by locals. I would go back in a heart beat!Oh yeah, this is exactly what you want in a neighborhood breakfast joint. The food is great, the service is friendly, and the room is really cool.
Crawfish eggs Benedict ("eggs Ponchartrain ") were outstanding. I'd go back just for that.
You'd never find this place if you don't go looking for it. Because it is tucked away in a residential neighborhood.Going to Panola Street Cafe is like finding your soulmate. So what if they have hippy dippy trippy copies of some new-age spiritual newspaper to read when you wait for a table? It's colorfully painted on the inside and the sun shines in. Their eggs benedict are to die for - with just the right consistency and flavoring of hollandaise sauce. The waitresses were all smiley and the place is full of southern ambiance. I only wish I had one of their t-shirts, and I wish I could still be a regular.I have only been for breakfast, but quite a few times. They have a big menu with standard breakfast fare plus specials for a bit more creativity. Service has always been great, and it is a very comfortable casual, neighborhood place, not as gourmet as some of the new breakfast places, but always solid.This is my absolute favorite breakfast joint in town. They've got great food, great service, and great works of art.I've been here before but it was many years ago and I recently moved back into the neighborhood and was reminded of this wonderful place. I have a fabulous dog, who I try to take with me everywhere I can. they accommodated us beautifully. we sat in the outdoor seating area. ordered and received my food quickly. The eggs , bacon and grits were fabulous. As was the waffle I got. 
positive: unlimited coffee. one low price
                  refilled water multiple times. and provided Water for my dog. 
                  let us hang out after the meal and drink coffee and chill.  didn't bother us; which was lovely. 
negative: the price of the waffle. almost $7. just a plain Belgian waffle.
will return. just not for the very expensive waffle
but for the delicious food and good hospitality.Yum! This place is great! Got seated relatively quickly on a Mardi Gras Sunday morning and the corned beef hash special was just what I needed to clear away my hangover. Interior is very cute and friendly service too! Great neighborhood diner!This is a decent neighborhood place and it does good business with mostly locals. I'm pretty sure majority of the customers who form the long lines in the morning are people who walk not more than two/three blocks to get there. I wouldn't tell anyone that they have to travel long and far to come eat here, but if you live in the neighborhood or happen to be close by it's not a bad place to eat-- some things being better than others. Their breakfast options are way better than their lunch options. In fact, I don't recommend ordering their lunch sandwiches or salads- very uninspiring and boring. Their pecan waffles are very tasty, and I love their Crab Cake Benedict (from what I understand, it's the best thing on the menu). It's definitely one of those places in which knowing what's good is key to having an enjoyable experience-- so asking the server for advice, or a customer who frequents the joint for a suggestion, is a good idea before ordering.Panola Cafe is a gem of a restaurant hidden in the Carrolton area of New Orleans. This place has great food, great atmosphere and wonderful service. This is a must eat restaurant.The best biscuits in town!  Friendly service and great food in a great neighborhood setting.Sunday Morning breakfast for my family is always delicious!!! The food was fresh and hot when we picked it up!!! The customer was excellent and the were patient while I did about 4 phone orders..Dine in it take out everything was delicious.This is one of the those New Orleans locations that has been a number of restaurants over the years.  I confused my cousins this morning by telling E that we were headed to Bright Star...which I think was its name about 1991.  Luckily, he usually knows what I'm talking about when I leap back in time.
This morning I had eggs sardou and it was pretty tasty.  One of my cousins had the 2-3-2 (maybe) and her pancakes were delish.  Yes the servers are a bit indifferent; I've always assumed they were a never ending stream of hungover college kids.  But really it's a diner, do you expect white glove service?  The food is good, plentiful and inexpensive...now if they were only open for dinner...I love this restaurant.   Today is my birthday and I wanted to go here because I love their waffles.   
We were 15 minutes into eating our breakfast when a large party with several (maybe 7?) children came in.   The owner decided to combine two tables to accommodate this large party.    I'm doing so this table and some of these people were maybe a foot away from us.   To accommodate this one large group they went against all social distancing requirements and put my family's safety at risk.  
My husband and mother in law went outside while I paid the check.   We will not be returning if they prioritize making money over people's safety.   I really am disappointed because I love this place.Food was good and service ok. Nothing really stood out about this place. The food was basic breakfast options. Mimosas and Bloody Marys available. Cute spot within a neighborhood and they sell art work from local artist.This place is super tasty! Good class breakfast and great service. Everyone was friendly. I got pancakes and they were fluffy and awesome! Also very kid friendly and very cute inside.Very good eggs sardou and smoked sausage.  Excellent service.  Wonderful ambiance.  Highly recommended.A nice relaxing place to get a great breakfast at fair price. The staff are nice and I can see they help each other out when the other is busy. I would recommend this place every time.Good for what it is: a standard, easy, diner-like breakfast/brunch place. Nothing was bad but it wasn't the best. Decent omelette options although a little under-seasoned. Very convenient location and funky vibe.If you don't have breakfast here you're an idiot.
They're not lying about their Bloody Marys.This is a go to breakfast place. It's like walking into your grandma's kitchen, and she'll make you a delicious breakfast full of love. I'm a basic breakfast kinda girl. I don't need frills or fanciness when it comes to breakfast because I just want to relax. It's too hard to think about fancy food first thing. Whether you're hung over or just need some comfort, this is the place.The four stars I give Panola St. Cafe isn't focused on the food. I'd say this restaurant hit four stars because of the service, atmosphere, and price.
My friends and I went after Running of the Bulls, and our waitress Missy was so sweet to continue bringing us more and more water since we were so hot/sweaty from being outside all morning. She was great and so on top of things. Our food also came out pretty fast, which is always great. Also, before we ordered, one of the waiters came by to ask us how Running of the Bulls was. We thought he was coming over to take our order or something, but he just wanted to chat with us, which we all found so sweet. The people working there just really care, and you can feel it. 
The inside of the restaurant feels extremely homey and the walls are covered with New Orleans art that is all for sale. In general, you just feel like you're walking into a local spot, which I love. The prices of the food are also great compared to so many other restaurants in New Orleans, which is really refreshing.
For food, I got the Sausalito omelet. Overall, it was tasty, but it was by no means one of the best omelets I've had in New Orleans. It came with toast and potatoes - the potatoes, I thought, weren't too good, and the toast was just regular toast (meaning the bread wasn't anything out of this world). Also note that if you like cheese in your omelet, but not a TON of cheese, ask for less cheese when you order. It felt way to cheesy for me, and don't get me wrong I like cheese. It hit the spot though, and all of my friends really enjoyed their meals. You should go to Panola's if your looking for some no-frills, simple breakfast food. This wouldn't necessarily be the place I send tourists who are big foodies, but I think this spot overall deserves four stars because it doesn't try to be anything it's not. This is some of my friends favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans, and while it may not be mine, I can appreciate Panola's.A great cafe with amazing food! This small cafe is ducked of and hard to find if you don't know where it is. I always go here for breakfast when I'm want to be low key. The portions are huge for the price. My favorite are the omelets and breakfast potatoes. Also, they have a delicious Bellini and great mimosas.I think this is a hidden gem tucked away in the Garden District among old world homes and narrow streets. It does not have glittering neon signage and lacks any resemblance to the cookie cutter chains that seem to dominate our lives. Take a short drive and enjoy breakfast the way it was meant to be.
My wife and I visited on a wet overcast Saturday mid-morning recently. The weather was not so bad that we could have eaten on the sidewalk but chose to enter just in case the rain really started to come down. (which it did) Upon entering this quaint establishment you are immediately taken back to a bygone era of local neighbors sitting quietly, sipping coffee, eating a weekend breakfast, and just moving at little slower pace. Wonderful!
We started with a weekend standard to drink. A bloody mary ($6.50) for me and a fluted Mimosa ($6.00) for my wife. My bloody mary was a balanced blend of spice and juice and vodka. Not heavy or overburdened with excessive ingredients like so many places have gravitated towards. Many aficionados will be offended that instead of a celery stalk, crisp green beans were substituted, but I enjoyed the change and was not taken aback in the least. I don't know if it was the best I ever had but I will give my ultimate compliment and say I would order it again. For me, Mimosa is Mimosa is Mimosa, so with that being said it was a Mimosa.
Now my breakfast was yummy. Corned beef hash benedict ($11.95) I don't eat a lot of corned beef hash but when I do I like it prepared with just a hint of crispiness like it has been pan seared or slightly fried. Well these folks must have read my mind because they were perfect. Of course when you put a couple of eggs benedict on top with an olive for an eyeball how can you can go wrong? The eggs were cooked to perfection and placed upon the corned beef hash dead center. The mix of a well done corned beef hash and a properly cooked egg is almost beyond words. Yes, I will go back and get this again. If there was a weak spot it was the potatoes, they were piled upon a second plate in some standing grease. I know that to cook these you need some grease or lard or butter but try not to present the plate with the cooking medium standing beneath the food. Even my wife commented "too much grease honey!"
My wife had the huevos rancheros ($8.50). To me they were unremarkable and were not served with tortillas which is a mortal sin in Texas. There was an abundance of black beans, the guacamole was scarce, and the salsa was lacking in much after taste. My wife enjoyed the dish and couldn't understand my lack of enthusiasm. So my admissions is that as a native Texan, Huevos Rancheros has a different meaning to me. I know I am not supposed to compare cross border cuisines but when you are suckled on Tex-Mex from the time you were a toddler you can't separate it. So I will tell you again, my wife liked the dish and I did not. We will settle for an average rating for the huevos rancheros. (Try one of their other "New Orleans" breakfasts) Sorry honey.
All-in-all I highly recommend this establishment both for it ambiance and the food. Let's not forget great service and a tucked away location that harkens back to another era. Go ahead and go. Tell a friend.
https://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowUserReviews-g60864-d426401-r694381132-Riccobono_Panola_St_Cafe-New_Orleans_Louisiana.html#No frills, no nonsense, just great, greasy breakfast food. Having stumbled upon this gem only blocks away from our AirBnB during a recent bachelor party, you realize how vital a good breakfast spot is. No one left hungry or unsatisfied. We ate it all down, and them some.Be on the look out for the place because you can and will miss it if you aren't looking. Went for Saturday morning breakfast. It is a seat yourself kinda place but we had no idea. There was no sign stating that. Very simple menu. I ordered the huevos rancheros and it was a mountain of black beans which I can eat black beans but I don't want it to be my whole plate. My bf ordered the two two three - two eggs, two slices of bacon and three silver dollar pancakes. I thought the pancakes would be a liiiiittle bit bigger but I guess these silver dollars aren't big this year. The waitress also look not as friendly as I would like a waitress to be but to each its own.Crawfish omelette was over cooked and had very little flavor. The crawfish was also very fishy. I'm disappointed because the reviews are pretty good and it's close to my house. Also, the waiter seemed to be rushing us a bit but it made sense when asked us to close out early.The food is good but not incredible compared to some other breakfast spots in the city. The atmosphere is great as well as the service. The decor is unique and interesting and I love its location within the neighborhoods around Tulane. I definitely recommend it, try the triple play breakfast for a good omelette.So good, we decided on this cafe after church. Really cute place, with indoor or outside dining.My husband ordered the crawfish omelette & ordered the boudin omelette, both were  specials for the day & oh so good. I got the iced coffee, yummy!! We will be back !!Panola St Cafe is an excellent neighborhood breakfast joint with well made and delicious food. I ordered a bunch of ala Carte items as I'm GF and spied all my fellow diners food. The place was crowded but very comfortable and homey. I sat at the bar and the place had a distinct throwback retro pace with the decor and the servers.Amazing food and service. Great local spot to grab breakfast. Will definitely go back on our next trip.This place has been a staple breakfast spot for us through the years. We are not sure about returning during the pandemic. While sitting at the bar, numerous patrons walked in without masks for take-out without masks. If their food wasn't ready, they congregated around the customers at the bar. Customers walked freely around the restaurant without masks to use the facilities and to leave. The waitress manning the phone and bar service, answered the phone taking phone orders constantly without her mask on, directly in front of us, facing us leaning on the counter while taking orders, within 2 ft of us eating our meal. No temperature taking, no social distancing, no enforcement of mask policy.Wow.  Just a random stop landed me at this classic first breakfast stop.  A bright and clean interior set me at ease as I asked the server for recommendations.  She suggested the country eggs Benedict.  Biscuits and gravy with a poached egg.  She did say it was heavy and it was but not food come heavy and it was delicious.   Absolute member of the clean plate club.  The coffee was good and they even had honey for me to add to it which is sometimes a problem.  Definitely will recomend this place to friends.Interesting restaurant off Carrollton a few blocks past Claiborne. I had one of the breakfast specials, a crawfish touffe omelette.  The touffe had no real flavor. Most of the crawfish was soft or mushy.  I wouldn't recommend it. My friend had another crawfish dish and agreed with me.  I've eaten lots of crawfish touffe and this was less than normal.Just had breakfast here this weekend! Although crowded, the staff moves people in and out quickly, without making you feel rushed. Cute decor and excellent food. Eggs Pontchartrain was so delicious. The eggs, crawfish, mushrooms, and green onions blended together to perfection.Well.  So far: cute ambiance.   Plus one Star . Bad attitude twice so far from waitress from California (just bc you are from a place doesn't give you the right to ignore a straw request-had to ask twice for straws and then be told after the 2nd time that she only gives them when asked.  Had to ask for water twice - minus 2 stars . Food- ...all our omelette were excellent.   Grits ok.  Potatoes ok.  Biscuits ok.   Three stars for the omelettes.Visiting NOLA and searched for a good breakfast spot. Good food and inexpensive. Fast and friendly service. Would definitely return. Tasty Bloody Mary's.Went here a couple of times pre covid. Great breakfast-grits, eggs, sausage, coffee. We did not order anything fancy. Nice service.I love nearby and it is truly a neighborhood place. Everytime I go in, I'm welcomed and feel right at home. Get their biscuits and cheesy grits - to die for!Great spot for breakfast! They offer a variety of hearty breakfast options as well as lighter items. We ordered pollo rancheros ($9.50), blueberry Belgian waffle ($7.75), traditional eggs Benedict ($11.95), grits ($1.50), and a coffee ($2.50). I really enjoyed the eggs Benedict, especially the hollandaise. Our waitress (Celeste?) was friendly and efficient. She seemed to be in charge of numerous tables, yet greeted us upon arrival, regularly checked on us, and brought us our accurate orders in a reasonable amount of time. Overall, service was great, prices are reasonable, and portion sizes are appropriate. We enjoyed our meal and would eat here again!Superb eggs everything! Goodness gratifying pancakes! Yummy iced coffee. Fabulous cheeseburgers and great hash browns. Club sandwich and BLTA a favorite also.
Sally FThis place was very good. Definitely a place where the locals go! The waitstaff was excellent and the food was amazing. My husband got the Crawfish Saut omelette and I got the veggie with avocado added. When we come back to New Orleans we will definitely be back!