Rock n sake. That's the name. Except that they were playing pop music. Loud, loud pop music. I was less than enthusiastic.  The waitress was wonderful.  Super attentive and had some great recommendations. The food was just so so. But perhaps my expectations were too high.  We have a top notch sushi place where I live . I heard great things about rock n sake. Maybe they were having an off day. We went on a Sunday evening. The prices were average, not very high for a restaurant in the city. 
All in all I was disappointed in the experience. But in saying that, I will most certainly try it again. Every place deserves a second chance.This is a second-tier sushi restaurant, despite the good intentions of the owners.  Great food, but they are outdone byt he reasonably closeby Sake Cafe and Tokyo Bisto.  Nice decorations.This place is definitely not a traditional Japanese sushi place, they specialize in a variety of rolls.  The music here is loud which works for what I believe it is trying to be.  And that is a cool place to have dinner before you and your friend hit up the clubs and bars.
Unfortunately, I was eating by myself and was not really impressed.  I had the sashimi dinner, which was less traditional as the slices were very thin, but the quality was pretty good.
I didn't notice but my co-workers say there's always a lot of pretty ladies here, it might have been a weeknight.  I would give it a 3.5 stars if I could, because it actually does seems like a pretty cool place to hang out.  But as a restaurant only, it's somewhat pricey and I'd have to give it 3 stars.  I would try this place again a group of friends though.Best sushi in New Orleans, this popular restaurant is normally full with a wait. The wait doesn't stop anyone. Some people will eat at the bar. I always get the upside down roll. It's my absolute favorite item on the menu. The cocktails also are delicious. The staff is very friendly and helpful in recommendations.Got off of work early and walked here to eat for the first time. Had some great sushi!! Now the drink was a little pricey but it made my day a little bit better than it was before!I really like this place.  The sushi is fresh, and the play great music (from rock, to pop, to club dance music, to techno house, etc.).  They have a great selection of sushi and rolls.  I always like to order some miso soup and edamame as appetizers.  On weekends this place is packed and seems to be a happening place for the 20s to 30s crowd.  
Today it was the first time that I went there with a large group of people from work.  There had to be at least 20 of us, therefore I felt that the service wasnt as good as when I only go with a few friends and occupy a table of 4.  Today our bill included a 18% gratuity, I dont like to be charged a gratuity because I feel that I lose my ability to send a message to my server.  I usually reward good service with a great tip, and leave a small tip when the service is lacking.Man...i heard so much good about this place I knew I had to try it.  I've gone a total of twice here.  1st time was horrible and the 2nd time confirmed it.  In retrospect, i should have known by the source of the suggestions to go here.  you know...the types that actually go here on the weekends like it's a social event.  I mean, eating out IS a social event, but people come here as if it was a nightclub that happens to serve food.   
I'll reflect on my 2nd and final visit to this shithole with walls...
it was a Saturday evening.  We were meeting a large group for dinner.  I should have seen the signs when I walked up and saw a waiting line and people dressed as if they were going to a club on Jersey Shore.  yeah, blondes with sunglasses and heels at dusk...dudes with button up shirts with embroidered flames or tribal art...or some other gay shit that looks totally retarded.  
So after over an hour wait we finally get the table.  I was tipsy by then on the over priced drinks they serve. Sure glad I'm "BALLIN" enough to afford this place.  So we sit down, and the waitress politely says, "there's a 2 hour wait on sushi"  WTF!!! Why not LET ME ORDER MY SHIT WHILE WE ARE IN THE WAITING LINE OUTSIDE THEN YOU FUCK?!!
Seriuosly? 2 hours to wait for sushi AT A SUSHI ReSTAURANT?!!!!!  I could go on about horrible experience but I gather you got the hint.  If y ou didn't, then you deserve to go here with the rest of the MTV Cast.
Now, I know I've said nothing yet on the food itself and service...Food was C average.  And judging service by the 1st and last time I went, D-.  The first trip i went there, they forgot ...yes FORGOT 2 items i ordered.  1 was put in and just left there waiting and never delivered to table and the other, Idk...maybe the waitress was having an off day.  Who knows...but she wasn't even polite about fucking up.  
Go at your own risk.  I know other people who've had better experiences there...and I wish I could say the same.  But I can't.The food isn't bad but the service is lacking. It took an hour to get out sushi and they didn't even bring all of it at the same time. The music is so loud that you have to yell and when we asked them to turn it down, they didn't.Our dining experience was horrible. We waited 3 hours to get our food, while a couple dining with us ate their food an hour before we were served our food. The waitress was nice, but she was not observant of our drinks or serving our salads. The manager was a complete jerk and came to our table with attitude and basically said its a Friday night. He only offered to give us a free edamame NEXT time!! Really? There will be no next time.Love this place. Love the atmosphere.  Everything I've had is extremely tasty. I love their trendy drinks. Great placeEveryone recommended coming here during my visit to NOLA.  In my head, I was thinking, " Really?  Waste a meal slot on sushi?  I can get that ANYWHERE!"  Admittedly, the sushi here is pretty fresh.  The seaweed salad is pretty good (haven't had a bad one anywhere yet, *knocks on wood*).  Pass on the miso soup though.  Tastes very powdery.  
So why come here?  If you are planning to go clubbing at Republic or Masquerade, both awesome by the way (people don't start clubbing until like midnight, however), Rock-n-Sake is a nice place to get dinner and pre-party since its close to both clubs.  Everyone at the restaurant is already dressed up and ready to party.  Pretty good background music selection too.My husband and I were out for our anniversary and due to prior plans, needed a place that was open late for dinner.  Since we both love sushi, this was it.  We were greeted by a very friendly host, mind you it was about 9:30-10:00pm, we were sat and greeted by the sushi chef and our waitress.  We browsed through the menu, which is extensive and detailed.  The miso soup was wonderful and the sushi was fresh and amazing.  The chef made sure that we knew what each of the rolls were.  I loved the red dragon, while my husband preferred the voodoo queen.  The staff was very friendly and attentive, service was quick and the food fabulous.  Thank you for making my anniversary dinner experience great!!!  Can't wait until I get to go back.Very good sushi. I've been here twice now, and service has always been great. Love the salmon zest roll, one of my favorites! Music can get a bit loud at times.Tuesday is great day to come, but the bartender sucks.  Never asked if we wanted to open a tab just had an attitude, plus they "ran out" of every discounted liquor on the $5 menuLet's be honest. I've been to this establishment with a team of people and spent hundreds of dollars getting drunk and eating the best sushi in Nola, and I've been there with my g/f and daughter and had a wonderful time. My 2 favorite rolls are the red dragon and the upside down roll. However there are a multitude of other delicious rolls. Also if you're adventurous try sitting at the sushi bar and requesting the chefs make you something not on the menu. The sashimi I've had there ranged from tuna to mackerel to salmon and several others. The atmosphere is very alive and contemporary to say the least. Anyone that have this place less than a 3.5 doesn't know good food. I've always preferred sushi from the east and west coast. However I must say I've found a true gulf coast rival.Perhaps it was because I arrived for a quick bite of sushi 30 minutes or so before closing time, but Rock n Sake Bar & Sushi was rather disappointing.  Uninterested staff and average sushi guarantee I won't ever be back.Consistently excellent sushi. Wonderfully creative rolls with great flavor combinations.  I love this place and would eat there more often if parking was easier
 This place caters to a young crowd with the loud music.Oh my god. Amazing!!!! Had a few off menu items recommended by THE BEST bar tender / manager around. The recommendations were amazing. Blue fin belly. Tuna cakes. Oh my. I wanted to have sex with my food it was so good. Kory was on point with everything. I WILL BE BACK.  new regular acquired!!!!!The atmosphere is rad. We stayed at the bar for après tradeshow festivities. Great place to treat the team to sushi snacks and cocktails, wine and a solid beer selection. Thanks KoreyOne of favorite sushi places in the city based on the sushi! Great for a Friday lunch but can get really loud at night time - especially on weekends. Ask the sushi chef to create stuff for you. It's all amazing!Loved the sushi here! It was fresh and delicious and very reasonably priced. We tried every roll here except for the California roll and garlic roll. Great atmosphere and the wait staff were very attentive and food came out in a reasonable amount of time even though they were quite busy.The food is okay but it took over an hour to get my food on a Wednesday!  I used to come here all the time because I live in the Warehouse District. But I don't plan on coming here again.  
Hip decor though.I have a new food craving: the hawaii five-o roll. Warm coconut battered shrimp, cream cheese, avacado and mango. Pure heaven.  
This is hands down my favorite sushi place in nola.  As a Vancouver native and 7 year veteran of San Francisco, I know my sushi, and this place has high quality fish and innovative tasty rolls.  Loud music and club atmosphere: I don't care one way or the other.  The sushi is amazing. End of story.Wow! This place has changed since last time we went there! For the worse I mean. The staff was great and on top of things!
  The menu has change they eliminated lots of good options they had. The food quality has gone down, just not the same awesome flavors it used to have. 
 The portions were smaller and presentation was bad. We have eaten there for years and food used to be good, with nice size portions, and great presentation. I don't know if they changed owners or management but it is bad we won't be back for a while hopefully they get to the way they used to be before.5 stars  great atmosphere and outstanding sushiEverybody we take here gets hooked! Very talented sushi chefs My husband asks the chefs to make him something"special" off the menu every time we go(twice a month) and its always delicious. I think they have the best Dragon roll! Our usual appetizer order is hamachi kama(yellowtail neck), gyoza or spicy gyoza soup(enough for 2), tuna tataki. We always leave saying wow! what a great dinner--Atmosphere on Friday lunch has a very cbd/warehouse district/ business lunch feel and dinner feels contemporary/trendy/energetic.  Dinner w/o alcohol is around $60Very impressed! Not only were the dishes creative, beautiful and delicious, the general manger went out of his way to greet us as first timers and treat us to an incredible dish. The decor and music choices are an added bonus. Definitely recommend!Before the Rock-n-Sake in Metairie opened, I would have given the Fulton location a 5 star. It was one of my favorite spots to eat in the city, but I feel like the service, quality, and overall atmosphere has declined. I've gone twice in the last week, and it took our sushi over an hour to be made both times, which in turn came to our table looking sloppy and smaller rolls than usual. Hopefully it's just the fact that they are training new staff, and it's taking a while for them to adjust. I guess I will try the one in Metairie next time in hopes for a better experience.This place was hopping when we got there, 15 to 30 min wait for a table.  But we were told there was room at the sushi bar.  That was ok for us.  Sallie, our waitress was very happy to help and recommend several items.  They had Uni!  We have never had this rare sushi item, very tasty if it is available.  The LSU sushi  roll was incredible too.  If the other rolls and sushi are as good as the ones we had, this place is well worth the trip.This place is awesome. Good vibe. Great atmosphere and good food. Upside down roll....yep!Very painful experience, I went on my birthday with a group of girlfriends and hoped to recreate fun experiences in which I had in years prior but this was an epic fail. The waitress couldn't seem more uninterested in serving us. Service was slow and she was inattentive. I really enjoyed the happy hour rolls and the food in general so that's why I'm giving the two stars and returned to try again. 
I went two more times but the second time was just as bad as the first in terms of service. We waited forty minutes for a sushi as the place was not that busy. I took it a little personal this time so I won't be going back.The sushi is high quality, the atmosphere is nice, the bartender was great. I will come back here to get my fix when I'm in NO.
Bar has several tvs so I could watch the game and music wasn't so loud I couldn't hear people speak. I enjoyed the backlit bartop and the stools weren't uncomfortable. Wells are about $6, which I suppose is average. There is also a pretty good sized dining area, but i only saw it in passing.
On this visit I got the BBQ eel, California sunset, and triple S roll all of which were fantastic despite being in the three different price tiers. Menu didn't have prices on it which is great for bringing dates, but a little irritating if you're trying to be thrifty. The triple S (at $18) is totally worth it with just enough kick and it's a lot of food. California sunset was very tasty and came with a spicy dipping sauce which was also fantastic, and the BBQ eel was flavorful despite its simplicity. 
I know it's hard to find bad food in NO, but this place exceeded expectation. I look forward to trying some of there other items next timeCame here for my daughters 16th birthday, the staff is top notch! The manager made arrangements for my daughters birthday and was so happy to see us! Made us feel special, she is a keeper!! We ordered several rolls and boom! "Sushi Bliss" they were incredible!!! Best sushi I have had in a long time and by far the best in New Orleans! Was rather quite shocking!! We had a great time, and was not crazy overpriced! I would recommend bringing many friends and enjoy a fantastic sushi joint!!!Party of 6. We got there and the host told us to wait couple of minutes. Great! No big deal.
Then, they gave us a table for 4. I went and ask for a new table and he told  me a flat NO.
How about the 2 tables down there? We can fit there...i said. 
The replied was. NO, again with an attitude.
No reservation signs.
Anyway. We walked out and left.
Never again!!!!!Welp, I guess you have to be pretty drunk to not hate this place.
From the 90 minute wait time, to the POUNDING club music that cannot be altered in any way, to the terrible service, to the overpriced menu... I mean... come on.
After our wait in the bar, our server could not be bothered to take our order for another half hour.  
There are no prices on the menu.  So, if you are wealthy enough to throw your money to the wind, you're in luck!   I'm not so fortunate.  Prices, thankfully, could be found online.
Sides never came, and while one member of our group got all of his food after the rest of us were finished, another got double his order.  He sent it back, but was charged for it, nonetheless.
We were with a friend on his birthday, and saw another table with a birthday get a fun-looking assortment of desserts with candles and a song.  Looked great!  So we asked for the same thing, and we would told 'sure, no problem'.  Never came.  Sorry, friend, no birthday song for you.
If you have too much money, feel like going deaf, and enjoy waiting in a packed bar as the minutes of your life tick away, this place is for you.  They even have Fox News on the TV for you folks!
If you hate that kind of crap, I'd stay away from this lovely establishment if I were you.  That's certainly my plan.  
The sushi was alright.  Mikimoto is better.I usually get the Rock n Roll, Hawaii 5-0, and the LSU. Usually all delicious, but there have been a few times where it tasted a little stale. The service is god awful. SO so rude. The white guy sushi chef was chattin with a guy and as I was walking out the guy holds up a dollar, I believe called me a stripper, and both laughed. Luckily my european rugby player friend didn't hear the comment. My version of the dollar consisted of my middle finger. Our bill was $230, not a good way to show appreciation. 
On a good note, I haven't found another sushi place that has their type of variety in rolls. They also carry flavored Hana sake, which is very good. It's a great place to people watch, sports players and movie stars if you are into that sort of thing. The party like atmosphere is good and the music is fun.Service and food was great. But the play list is what it forwarding this review. Any place that will play Nickelback and make me feel like a big rock star can get 5 rock stars back! We hung out all night in the private rooms with the lastest dictionary's and the best shrimp wontons this side of the Mississippi.Ate at Rock-n-sake last night. As always, it delivered exactly what I wanted. Delicious sushi to satisfy my Volcano roll craving.
Atmosphere:
Busy and alive. This restaurant is always busy and has a fun, electric, atmosphere. The decor is modern and has really cool art work. Even the chandeliers are lit up squids hanging from the ceiling.
Service:
Our waiter was quick and efficient. He could tell we were there to get a few specific items off of the menu, so he was quick to get the order in and make sure we had drinks while we waited. One of the rolls we ordered is meant to be served hot. It arrived hot and ready to be eaten. This roll can take a while to make, so I was please and surprised at how quick it came. Typically the restaurant will tell you to put this roll order in first so that they can get started on it. 
Our waiter followed up with us to make sure we had everything, and he didn't waste any time bringing my friend the soy sauce she wanted so we could enjoy it with our meal.
Food:
Their sushi is yummy, and the presentation is always beautiful. I didn't think to take a picture of my food while I was there, but I grabbed one off of the internet so that you can see exactly what our two roll order looked like. 
I always go to Rock-n-Sake for the Volcano roll. If you are a sushi purist, this roll is definitely not for you. But if you are just out to eat something that will fill your mouth with flavor, wow, you will love this Americanized spin on sushi! Yes it is true that it is imitation crab roll, but heaped on top is spicy baked salmon and snow crab in a spicy mayo sauce, drizzled with eel sauce and further topped with smelt roe and green onions. It is decadence in a dinner. This rich roll will fill you up fast. Rock-n-Sake serves this roll hot, which further enhances the flavor experience. 
We also ordered the LSU roll; again, not a classic sushi item, but I did enjoy the cream cheese and tempura shrimp blend. A yummy specialty roll; although, I still prefer the Volcano.
Drinks:
None today. Still recovering from the weekend's festivities.
Random:
Confucius say, "Man with one chopstick go hungry"Maybe the worst place to go in New Orleans. Not only did we wait for HOURS to be seated, the drinks while we waited were weak and the staff was very unhelpful.  I am not usually one to complain but felt the strong urge to keep anybody from living the same nightmare that is "Rockin Sushi". I even signed up on yelp right now because I have waited that long and it is so bad here. I would have left a long time ago but I'm on a bachelor party weekend and the groom wanted to go here. What can you do?
WORST NEW ORLEANS EXPERIENCE EVER. 
Save yourself the effort and go elsewhere.First, i must say the sushi and sashimi are fresh and tasty; however the portions are very small, so you better order 2 dishes per person. Many great selection os Sakes- we ordered the lychee cold sake- excellent! We had a good meal here!Whoever gave this place less than 5 stars does not understand sushi.  I'm from LA and this place is the bomb. Come Tuesday for incredible deals.  Ask for Kory he is super knowledgable.This place is within walking distance from work so that gives it a plus in my book. I've only had sushi so I can't comment on the other menu items but I find the sushi to be average but overpriced. I can't say they offer anything different from Mikyoto's or Sushi Brothers but there seems to be a padded price. I would definitely go back to try something other than sushi to give it a fair shot but color me not impressed.Heard lots of good things about this place, have been there twice now, really good staff, entire staff is comprised of "good looking " young people.. tried five different rolls over my two visits and wasn't too impressed, go here if your looking for a cool atmosphere and good music and friendly staff but the sushi was fresh, but wasn't the bestFood was great, sushi bar was helpful. Will return!Favorite sushi place I've ever been to! The vibe is casual with clubby music. It wasn't too crowded for a Friday night. Do yourself a favor and order the shrimp wontons! Any of their sushi plates/rolls are great but my favorite is the LSU roll. The shishito peppers and the s-roll were a little inconsistent with spice; some pieces were hot and others weren't but they were still good. The Tokyo-Tini and sake were slam dunks! 10/10 would go again.Came here again on a Wednesday night, place was packed, played good music. We sat at the bar, ordered the pork belly lettuce wraps which are my fave, tried the shrimp wontons, it was good but I've had better so don't think I'll order that again. The upside down roll and the garlic salmon roll are our usual orders for sushi which were super good! And for dessert, we had the strawberry Mochi which is another fave but I wanted to try out their Tempura ice cream this time and that was super yummy! It hit the spot! 
This place is not to disappoint! I couldn't leave New Orleans and go home without eating here again. This place has amazing Japanese food! I'm all about trying new restaurants so if I'm back at a place I've already eaten at before, then it's definitely worth coming to again in my books!I know lots of my friends like this place, but I don't really think its very good at all. I guess if you're into pretentious places where all the "cool" people go to eat sushi, then you would like this place. Think Jersey Shore and sushi.  I'm sure Snooki would give it a  5 meatball rating. To me the wait is unbearable, the food is just OK and the service is average to poor at times. AND FOR THE LOVE OF GOD AND BABY JESUS, TURN THE FUCKING MUSIC DOWN JUST A LITTLE.  The loud music will not drown out the fact that this place is not a good sushi place. Try Sushi Brothers on St. Charles or Kanno in Metairie.Food is great but Time to prepare food Sucks!  They were busy so I placed everything when we ordered our drinks. We got our appetizers, tuna nachos and tuna tacos,which were great.  30-45 mins after the apps, we were still waiting.  In fact, the server was spending his time having his picture taken with some girls.  Also, larger group came in after us had gotten their food and were almost done.  I cancelled the rest of my order and left.   This may not resonate with them but I hope they can get their act straightened out.If you're craving semi-decent, Americanized sushi served in a rowdy Tex-Mex-bar kind of atmosphere with extremely drunk and obnoxious crowd to match, this is definitely your place.
If not, do yourself a favor and head to the far-superior Kyoto or Horinoya.Came back here after 8 years and rolls are as good as its ever been.  A must stop sushi place!When I am in NOLA and I want sushi, Rock-n-Sake is my #1 choice. Their food is A+ and their love for the Saints makes them that much better.The WHOLE entire experience was horrible! The most uncomfortable unwelcoming experience dining out ever. Thanks to the whole staff that sure did act like they did not want us there . And auto grat-d us with just 5 people never again .Triple S and Voodoo Queen are all you need to fulfill your life and chuck in a sake bomb for good measure! The service was spot on. I could not fault anythingReally cool place! Sushi was fresh and delicious and portions are pretty huge. The bartenders and staff are all pretty nice and attentive.  Only downside is the wait time (its a small place) and parking's a pain too.This sushi bar is one of the best!! Located in the CBD of New Orleans, parking is always easy. If you eat here, you have to try their awesome LSU roll!! I am a major raw sushi fanatic so I no california rolls for me and the LSU roll is something you should try while eating here! All the seafood and sushi is very fresh everytime I eat here!Enjoyed dinner there this evening & Nicholas was great! First time I brought my wife there & she can't stop talking about how fresh the sushi & rolls were! Nicholas' two  top favorites the Triple S & Voodoo Queen Amazing.Amazing service! Great atmosphere! It was like a club inside (music wise) but it was music I like and my boyfriend didn't mind much either.
I got the tiger martini and my boyfriend had a mixed drink as well. We got a couple different rolls...oh my goodness...amazing!
Sorry I'm not a little more thorough...but this was October 2013. I've had friends take trips to NOLA recently and I sent them to rock n sake. they loved it as much as we did. Always going back whenever we go to NOLA.ate in and yes, there was music playing. though even for a saturday night i wouldn't say it was too loud. where are these places where sushi is consumed in silence? i don't know of any.
that said, the meal was fine and dandy but not as impressive as the take out has been. my theory is that the best take out sushi in the world is still not as good as the best sushi fresh from the chef's knife. so while rock-n-sake sushi travels well, it's not as if it was freakin' nozawa before it got put in the box, you know? anyway, carry on.I've been to Rock N' Sake plenty of times, but I don't think I've ever written a review, so here goes.
The good:
Fun, lively atmosphere. 
Could be great for a first date, since it's not too quiet.
Good service.
Really great sushi.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the volcano roll.  The LSU roll is another favorite.
The bad:
Being in the warehouse distict, parking can be difficult.
While I love the lively atmosphere, with the cool music...it can get loud, which makes it difficult to hear each other if you're in a group.
Prices are about what you'd expect.It's hard to have a bad meal in NOLA so I don't often post a review, but Rock-n-Sake deserves a shout out for going above and beyond. Our family seeks out sushi as often as possible and this place was FANTASTIC! What makes this a favorite is the staff. Ask for Kory--he was a wizard with the kids and made them feel special. The sushi guys, Steve and Rodney, were great to talk with and the owner, Tanya, was a joy. Best meal in a long time and we eat out a lot. The kids are already begging to go back so we'll probably be hitting them up again.Nice sushi spot in the "warehouse district" as they like to call it here. Kind of hard to find, they need a sign thats easier to read. I was alone (loser) so I sat at the sushi bar. The sushi chef was very nice, suggesting having my sashimi made a certain way. When I declined, he still put some of the toppings he suggested on the side. The fish was all very fresh. The only reason I gave it four stars is because it was pretty pricey. $32 without tip for 11 pieces of sushi.As time has gone on i've gone more and more often to Rock N' Sake.  A large part of this having to do with the fact that there are more than a few sushi addicts in my office and we just happen to work a few blocks down.  We still mostly do take out, but that is solely based on the fact that some of our bosses are a bit strict on that half hour lunch break thing and i rarely have ever been able to get out of here in under an hour.  
the most glorious thing on the face of the planet, however, happens to be served up out of their sushi bar.  It's called the salmon zest roll.  I love this thing.   I'm addicted to it.  Seriously, i will now spend every day until Friday thinking about this roll and how much i love it and how tasty it is and how i would like just an entire boat of salmon zest roll in front of me RIGHT FREAKING NOW!  i have even created monsters here in my own office.  currently there are 4 of us ordering a roll a piece every friday, and it's expanding in numbers whenever one of us is feeling generous enough to allow some lesser being a taste of our salmon zest roll.  but only one, don't even think you're getting more than that.  i will chop your hand off!  WASSSAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!Very good place, nice staff and beautiful people all around. Food is amazing. We loved the pepper, eggs, tuna tacos, and garlic shrimp roll. Great presentation. Cocktails were good too, but not amazing as the food.ok first off.. service sucks. i get that its 9pm on friday but still. got lsu roll, warehouse roll, & salmon garlic roll. very good and fresh. this place is really loud with music pumpin. there was a large party in the back making a loud scene. i would come back.Drove a hour to come eat here for my Birthday. (Usually my favorite sushi spot) But the staff the past two times I've been here has been less than satisfying. They need a better door system. When we arrived there was only a few people waiting.. We were told it would be a short wait. After 20 or so minutes I sent my husband in to ask, and he was told 20-30 more minutes. We went wait inside afterwards and waited another 20-30 minutes. With no point in leaving after driving this far and already waiting... We continued to wait and we're finally seated at 11. After watching others being seated before hand the hostess seemed to know.. And we arrived at 9-9:10ish. Food was delicious as usual.. But I'll never come back. They need to get it together. No one likes bad service.Such a hip, fun place to hang out. I would definitely avoid coming here on Friday and Saturday nights with a big group! This place gets crowded-quick. If you do want to come in a big group (5+), you should call ahead and see if you can make a reservation. Sometimes they open a room next to the bar for more seating. This place also jams the music very, very loudly!!! Several times I have dined here and I feel as if the speakers are right next to my ears, it's so loud!! It's also only open for dinner except on Friday and closed on Tuesday.
As for the food, mostly everything is delish! I usually come for:
-Killer Scallops: buttery, heavenly, delicious scallops on a bed of lettuce with a yummy dressing! Although, lately I'm not sure if they changed the chefs or not because it's not as delicious as I remember it. Also, I usually order it with a bowl of chicken fried rice.
-LSU roll, one of my most favorite rolls anywhere!
-Calamari Crunch Roll: a really big roll!, requires a stretch of the mouth to fit it in!
-Hawaii 504 roll
-California Dream Roll: Wrapped with mangos!! Yummy! Wish there were more rolls with fruit on them, I'm a big fan! 
-Mochi: I usually order the strawberry mochi! omn nom nom i love me some mochi! 
A favorite sushi location in the big easy!By far my favorite sushi restaurant! I never realized how good the sushi was until I moved to Arizona and can't find fresh seafood like you get in New Orleans. On a recent trip back to New Orleans, the only place I wanted to go eat was Rock N Sake. It was a Wednesday night and we were fortunate there was not a wait. The Mt. Fujita roll with crawfish and avocado cream sauce was to die for. I would highly recommend this roll if you see it on the specialty menu.We waited for our server for 15 minutes. A female server came and got our drink order, but she ended up not being our server. Our male server came as the female server was placing our drinks down. He took our order and ran off no apologizes and no eye contact. Our appetizers came out quickly. The tuna ceviche was excellent. The clear soup was tasty.  We ordered 4 sushi rolls which took 40 minutes.  We decided to get the check and take the food to go. We had to flag down our waiter. Our drinks were not refilled until we decided to leave. The sushi rolls were mediocre. This place is over priced.Meh. Went here at 1:00pm for lunch. Service was good but the food, so-so. Teriyaki steak was raw on the inside (not rare but raw), chicken fried rice was not cooked to order so the chicken chunks were like jerkey and the rice just felt like it had been sitting around in a buffet tray for a few hours.  Tempura vegetables were cut so large that they were not cooked to the center and when you bit in to them, there was residue of tempura flour on the inside.  Tempura dip came in a bowl so small we had to ask to change it out. Sushi was average. Atmosphere was hip and fun so maybe this is a better place to just come for drinks.Four of us went to dinner. I was surprised because we were seated immediately. Usually, there is a wait. I guess we had good timing! Be prepared, it's really loud in this restaurant. It's part of it's vibe. Hence the name, Rock N Sake. The food was great. We got the beef and asparagus maki. That was yummy. I really like their teriyaki sauce. 2 of us had the steak entree. It comes with 3 sauces, Japanese chimichurri, teriyaki, and a creamy gorgonzola. They were all delicious. It came with 2 sides. I got the clear broth and the house salad with an amazing carrot mango dressing. We also had the tuna ceviche and the 5-0 roll. We enjoyed everything. Highly recommend!!For some reason, I haven't found a sushi restaurant that does crunchy rolls like they do in New Orleans. I couldn't find anyplace in LA that did it. Binghamton doesn't do it.  But at Rock-N-Sake, we got our crunchy roll fix. Those crunchy bits are just so darn tasty! 
It was great to eat something non-fried or not-cooked-in-butter. It's a pleasant walk from the French Quarter, which helps settle the full belly after the meal. 
Definitely geared for the younger crowd. It wouldn't be too hard to imagine late night sorority girls dancing on tables or frat guys doing keg stands in the corner. Ah college.......Love it. Great atmosphere, great drinks, great sushi and GREAT service. Sat at the sushi bar with a group of friends. Chef was amazing- we did shots and all w/o paying a penny.One of the best things about this place -- it's within walking distance for me! Score! But seriously, I can eat sushi any and everyday, several times a day, so that really is a big deal!
The vibe of this place is fun -- top 40 music over the speakers -- kind of close to eating sushi in a well lit club. I've read some reviews that have been critical of the loud, drunk, obnoxious people, so you have to understand the atmosphere you're getting yourself into. I, personally, think it's fun and good for people watching! As for the sushi, it's good, but not blow your mind good. Coming from LA, there's a gazillion good sushi places with super fresh fish, and Rock-n-Sake gets the job done, but kind of lacks a wow factor for me. However, as I have said, I love, love, love sushi -- even grocery store sushi!! Service is pretty good. It doesn't take too long if you're at a table and the sushi chefs are friendly and helpful if you're at the bar.I celebrated the birthday of my cousin on a Friday night in November 2011. 
The waitresses are very attractive but with typical pretentious American inflated-egos. 
The food was okay but somewhat expensive but that was known ahead of time. The food was pretty good quality but there is Good Time Sushi which is better priced and tastes the same located in my neighborhood.
I do not recall seeing any Hibachis within the restaurant. The bar appears to be popular as it was shoulder-to-shoulder. 
The interior is nice and this a nice spot for cool kids. I will return.
3 out of 5.This place is amazing! I love good sushi and this place did not disappoint it was fast, fun, and flavorful. We had kori as a server and he made the experience with his wit and charm.Young crowd and loud music. The warehousr roll and fried beef dumplings were very good. The price is pretty reasonable for the area.Very fresh fish and great sushi rice. What more can I ask for? Came here on a week night so there wasn't a line or any craziness that my fellow yelpers were experiencing. Really good yellowtail and salmon Sashi.mi
The salmon zest roll was awesome.Food was great, music was loud, just the way I like it. The wait wasn't very long either for a Saturday night.Worst Sushi Experience EVER.
We WON'T be back!
1 - Service? SLOW!!  The waitress was more interested in checking her nails and iPhone messages than doing her damn job. Seems this is a VERY common occurrence here. 
2 - Fresh? The Sushi and Sashimi was NOT at all fresh. The Tuna was clearly frozen more than once and had that freezer burn taste to it. The Salmon smelled old. When we sent it back, the "Chef" (I use that term VERY loosely here) refused to remake it and said that it was "just fine the way it was" and sent it back to our table. It wasn't fine. It was bad. 
3 - Parking? HA! That's a joke. Well, unless you like receiving parking tickets from the NOLA Meter Nazis. (Seems NOLA is FULL of these - C'mon Mitch, fix this problem!)
4 - Atmosphere? Not Good at all. Cramped location. Not very handicapped accessible in the least. WAY TOO Loud. The Rap Music was being blared over VERY crappy speakers and was SO loud that we couldn't hear each other speak even though we were only 2 feet away. 
5 - Clientèle? Mostly consists of trendy college frat types spending Mommy and Daddy's money. Seems more accustomed to being a Singles Bar than an actual Sushi Restaurant. This place is clearly not a restaurant to visit if you want a nice, quite meal, or if you have kids/grandparents in tow.
6 - Valet? Sure, if you don't mind Overpaying, then waiting around for 15+ minutes for the idiot to find your keys...
Note to the Management - If a customer has a complaint, you don't simply ignore it. You fix it. Or at least try too. Especially when the customer is being VERY nice, they are NOT screaming or complaining loudly, they are NOT causing a scene, and so forth. 
We were more than polite about it, and your waitress gave us serious attitude in return. Then having the Sushi "Chef" refuse to remake the bad food was the icing on the cake. Hence the reason we simply paid the bill, with NO tip mind you, and then left, never to return.
After reading the reviews about this place, I'm postulating that MOST of these reviews are either from former/current employees or are from friends of people who work/used to work there. Most seem to be a bit "canned" if you ask me.
If you want an HONEST opinion about this place (or any other place in the city), just ask me.Great place to eat! I had the triple-s roll. It's pretty big, so make sure you're hungry. The staff is really friendly and knowledgable. Will probably go back while I'm in town.DO NOT GO! Worst service, was having a conversation with the hostess and the manager out of no where the manager comes and says "if you don't like get out" and made us pay for a bill we didn't even get food for.  When we didn't say we didn't get the food, he called the officer.Best sushi in the city hands down and I've been to alot of sushi places. And when I say I have never had anything less than delicious not exaggerating one bitFrom the first time I went hear years ago, I have never been disappointed. Long ago I stopped trying to argue what place has the absolute best this or that ever to exist on the face of the earth, and just focus on enjoying my meal, which I do, everytime I come here. Great food, decent prices, and an all around great vibe, I always leave happy. (even though the other night it was overrun with Ed Hardy's, but hey, if you wanna spend $250.00 on a T-Shirt, who am I to stop you!) And for all you sushi purists...the hawaii 5-0 roll still is one of the tastiest things I've ever had.Excellent sushi! Super cool atmosphere and decent staff. We arrived at 6:30pm on a Friday night and it was somewhat slow when we arrived, but by 7pm it was packed with a wait. Very decent selection of rolls, sashimi, cooked sushi and raw. Only reason it isn't 5 stars is due to how the sushi comes out. Your order kind of has no rhyme or reason as to when it arrives. Two of my 4 rolls and one of my wife's two rolls came out first, then a bit later more came out, then later some more came out. One piece of the order was missed, but not a huge deal, and all of it was super yummy. I'd go back for sure.First time and was the last... Saturday night, great music, great vibe and great friends but I wished we would have chosen a different place... Arrived at 07:30 pm, seated around 8:45, after having two glasses of wine from the bar. We were seated in a cool booth in the back with red lights!!!! Placed orders, and the service began. Literally one to two rolls came out at a time... 1 1/2 hour passes and the waitress was asked how much longer will it take to have our yellow tail, white fish and salmon sushi, " should be out soon" needless to say that didn't happen.. Lovely waitress arrives and I asked again, "I will check on it", she returns and said "sorry I over looked it. I can put it in and in 5 minutes it will be to the table." It arrived, taste pretty good, then I asked where is the squid appetizer, that was forgotten to. She said she will check on that and we said its ok we don't want it. They still brought it out and was never eaten. We were told by two different people our waitress and a gentlemen who brought out the squid, " on the house"... Well we are finally ready to pay our bill.  The two bills come, one is mine which was correct. The second bill had all the charges which were on my bill plus what the others at our table ordered, oh yeah plus the squid charges... Which as a reminder by two employees " on the house", not sure what that means in Japanese but in America means you don't have to pay. So we finally got the bill corrected and we're ready to leave.. By the way, we arrived at 7:30 and left at 10:45??????? CRAZY,,,, if you wanna here great dance club music and have drinks this is your place. If your looking for food, suggestion, go somewhere else... New Orleans is filled with great restaurants and this place is NOT one of them....So very disappointed in Rock n Sake's downfall. They have cut out almost all of their rolls. There are only a handful listed in the menu now. I asked if they could make my favorite Calamari Crunch roll. They said yes. When it came I was so disappointed. It was tiny and sad. If you couldn't make it right then say no. All their rolls have gone down in size. Even the beef maki app was TINY! The killer scallops you used to get 4 on a big bed of mixed greens. Now it was 3 on a tiny handful of greens. If I'm gonna spend $100 on sushi and drinks I expect much better quality. Sadly I don't think I will return. The picture I added the sushi in the left is from a year ago. The sushi on the right from last night.I wish we had a sushi place like this in Philly. They don't serve super authentic sushi rolls but they still use quality ingredients to make fun, fattening, and fresh rolls that won't break the bank. The LSU roll gets the job done, the fried wantons with shrimp come with a sauce that I have never had before and hope to have every day for the rest of my life. The salad with salmon and avocado is large and delicious. Two hungry women, two apps, two big rolls, and two huge beers was around $60.
There were a lot of kids there and the music is quite loud but who cares? Neither the kids nor the loud music were stopping me from enjoying my meal and pounding my Sapporo so I say YAY! I'm a fan.I love this sushi place. I love a good dark bar like atmosphere while stuffing my face and this place provides just that. The wait can be long, but it's worth it. Just be prepared to wait outside as there isn't much space inside. In fact, there is little to no space. The fish is fresh and the rolls are imaginative. It's the best in New Orleans and could easily compete with sushi I've had elsewhere. If you're in Nola and having a sushi craving with a nice drink friendly atmosphere, hit this place up.I've eaten my fair share of sushi having lived in California my whole life. So, when I moved to Louisiana, I was thrilled to find such a cool place as this. The Fulton Street Roll is my favorite there, but all the rolls I've tried have been excellent. I also recommend the Tempura Portabella Mushrooms as an appetizer. My boyfriend doesn't eat sushi, but he will come here and eat their grilled salmon with asparagus. It is quite good as well. 
The atmosphere is very high energy here. Neon jellyfish hang from the ceilings and walls....quite colorful. I suggest coming on nights other than Friday and Saturday. It can get VERY packed and after 7:00 they do turn up the volume on the music a bit too high. You have to practically yell to whoever else you are sitting with so they can hear you over the stereo. So, lately I've been going more to Wasabi in Lakeview, because it's a little more relaxing and quieter over there. 
But, I still enjoy coming to this place when I can too.I've ways heard mixed reviews about this place, but I've never had anything but good experiences here. It's a great place for some good food and a few drinks before starting a big night. The long and short of it:
1. 5 S Roll. My favorite thing on the menu. It's a bit expensive but it's a lot of delicious food. Other notables are the LSU Roll and Warehouse Roll.
2. Atmosphere. It's loud. Like, club loud. On weekends it will be packed and there's always loud techno/house music playing. Sometimes to the point where it's hard to carry on a conversation. Good for some events, I don't think I've ever been there on a Friday where there wasn't at least 1 bachelorette party there.
3. Customization. The sushi there is all good, but they were able to make a slew of modified rolls for my vegetarian friend. Always a plus.
4. Price. They're a bit on the pricy side, especially their specialty rolls. Though you don't need a whole lot, 3 specialty rolls will serve 2 people.
A solid sushi joint in the CBD. On weekends you'll end up waiting on a table do head to one of the bars in the area for a pre-sushi drink!
Overall Grade: BThis place was hella good! If there's one thing to note about NOLA it's the fact that they're not stingy on their seafood. I got the volcano roll and it was amazing! The spicy baked salmon was to die for and def hit the spot. The ambiance was really awesome too. I would have given them 5 stars but I thought some of the appetizers were a bit pricey and the menus were a little overwhelming in the fact that it had sooo much good stuff which made it difficult to choose. Overall awesome spot!!Where to start... Way over priced for a bad sushi roll or anything else you order. Our bartender was great. Other than that they need a revamp. Not to mention false labeling on two different food items that I couldnt eat and still had to pay for.Our server Alexis was AMAZING. We had a 10 top and she handled it like she didn't have 4 other tables. Thank y'all so much!!I'm very picky when it comes to anything raw or new. This sushi place was really good and I tried the tuna as recommended. Great environment and friendly waiterGreat place to enjoy some good food and music at the same time. Atmosphere is perfect & people watching is top notch.Went here for dinner with a couple of friends. We ordered a few different rolls and shared. And I must say, the sushi is phenomenal. I was pleasantly surprised with the Margarita Roll. While sounding a bit odd for a sushi roll, the thinly sliced lime on top and moderate aftertaste​ of sea salt made for a refreshing and delicious sushi roll. 
My only complaint is the loud music. We were seated right by one of the speakers, and it was difficult to hear each other without raising our voices. It felt more like a club than a restaurant. ​The playlist consisted of rap music, with all the expletives you could imagine. If this is not your taste in music, then you may dislike this restaurant. 
Overall, one thing is for sure, you will not be disappointed with​ their food.Sat at the bar. Extremely friendly and fun bartenders. Food was amazing. Sushi is top notch for any city.My favorite sushi place in the city. I like the decor and atmosphere of the place. Sushi's always fresh and it's one of the few Asian places where you'll see non-Asians on their waitstaff. It also completely fits in the Warehouse District and is a good place to stop before the Red Eye. I used to many nights- before, during and after college.
Been there many times with friends and they've never disappointed. Service is always fast and knowledgeable. You never have to wait long for the food. 
They've got classic New Orleans rolls and use fresh ingredients in them. The rolls are on the smaller side but since they stay open later than everyone else, you don't really fault them for it. 
Also a very good place to people watch. You'll see people eating there from all walks of life. Most of them are strange characters you won't find anywhere else in the world. 
But everyone seems to be enjoying themselves too much on the food to really comment on the other restaurant guests. I think the elevator and Enya music they pump in there is to promote peace and harmony. 
This place is definitely a feast for all your senses.Music is like a dance club, waited an hour and a half for a table of 5, but ended up leaving because they still didn't seat us by the time we were hangry and cranky from waiting so long. Couldn't tell you about the food and never will, because I'm not returningProbably best sushi restaurant in New Orleans. Located in Warehouse district. Music starts to get real loud after 8:00 pm. Reservation recommended.Rock-n-Sake's sushi rolls may truly be the best I've ever had, anywhere.
Reading the reviews I see a lot of complaints about the price.  Well, maybe it is expensive for New Orleans, although I disagree when I pay $17 for 12 charbroiled oysters, but I've had sushi in San Francisco, Denver, Toronto, Chicago, Phoenix, Coronado, etc, and R-n-S's rolls are right in line, if not more reasonable than almost any other place for what you get.
My faves are Calamari Crunch Roll ($9.75) for 8 large pieces, Crunchy Dynamite ($6), LSU ($13), Rebel Rice Paper Roll ($8 - oh my GOODNESS!), and Shrimp Tempura($7.25).
It is only a block away from the hotel I seem to stay at the most, which is great after a 12-15 hour day working a convention.  
Yes, it is super crowded - every night after about 6:30.  Tonight I called in a take-out order and it took 40 minutes.  But worth it.  I actually stopped in the middle of eating to write this review.
If I were rich enough, I would fly to New Orleans from Phoenix for a night just to have this sushi.I've tried all sorts of sushi restaurants and always find myself back at Rock-n-Sake. Although, they have gotten a little pricey and parking in the area isn't all that friendly, it's completely worth it. My fiance and I eat pretty early 5:30-6:30 so parking is rarely an issue for us. 
My favorite Rolls:
Pierre Thomas Roll, Volcano Roll, Red Dragon Roll, LSU Roll, and their Soft Shell Crab Roll was a special one day and it was DELICIOUS!!I don't think this place can make anything bad. I ordered a side of Brussels sprouts and they were amazing. My favorite things to order is the LSU roll and tuna nachos are great. My favorite martini is the Tokyo Tini. Atmosphere is young and fresh.This place is so disappointing. My husband and I live near by so we retry it every few months because we would really love a neighborhood sushi place. Last time we ate there was the final straw. The tempura was mushy, the seaweed salad was slimy, the sushi was so close to spoiled that it was inedible.Best sushi I've ever had. I live in a big city and the quality and innovative flavor combinations don't compare to anything I've had before.  So glad I ventured out there and tried it.okay sushi but not great, they put imitation snowcrab on everything which really cheapens the restaurant in my opinion.  If i wanted fake fish i would go someplace cheaper.  Service is so so, expect to wait a while.  By far the biggest reason why this is a 2 star for me is the NOISE level.  The music is very club like and they blast it so loud that you can barely hear the person right next to you and have to constantly shout over your dinner just to have a conversation. Not worth the price!Rockin' sushi joint. I'd got to say, this place is among my faves in Nola, and in general, the food is excellent, and the portions were generous. The prices just match the quality without being excessive. Every server, busker, and chef, was both nice and good looking. Overall a very quality restaurant with a beautiful accommodating staff. 5+Either they need to open one up in California or I need to move to New Orleans....best sushi ever!!! 
Love this place! Yelp doesn't give this place enough love. But not everyone is trying to eat Japanese food in New Orleans...especially if you're trying to discover the taste of southern foods! 
I've had the Pork Belly lettuce wraps, Hawaii 5-0 roll, Garlic Salmon roll, upside down roll and the tempura shrimp roll and I haven't been disappointed with anything here. Super super...oh my gosh this shit is good sushi!! Love love it here! 
The music is good, the atmosphere is cool. The sushi chefs behind the sushi bar and the waiters are all super nice! 
For dessert, the strawberry Mochi ice cream is always a fave! Next time I'll have to try the Tempura ice cream. 
My favorite Japanese restaurant ever and it sucks for me because it's so far!!Good sushi, great atmosphere, great location. The red booth in the back can be depressing. I guess it depends how you look at it. I wouldn't like my party to sit there.I left a 20% tip. Then they added a $10 tip I noticed while reconciling my credit card statement. 
Theft!Cute place for Japanese bistro type food. Seafood soba noodles was a must have that we came two nights in a row to order this. Very convenient location from our hotel, Marriott. I was in town for Conference. Good service. Nice place for get together.Solid sushi spot in a city full of great food options.  LSU roll always a favorite, but didn't have anything we didn't likeAwesome place been coming here for years. I love the new bar!!! I'm also impressed with the Voodoo Queen roll.First time here and our server, Sophia, was the absolute BEST! She was very knowledgeable when it came to the menu and offered great suggestions. She was patient, professional and just down right fun! Will definitely be back to see her!!!I went Saturday evening and got seated right away. The first thing you will notice is the dim lighting and upbeat music playing throughout the entire place. It's not to loud but perfect for a meal before a long night on the town. I placed an order for the Tuna Nachos(if you go here you 100% HAVE to order these) and calamari as soon as our waiter took our drink order. Both of our appetizers arrived quickly and were devoured quickly. We then ordered 1 salmon zest roll, one garlic salmon roll, sashimi entree for two and a simple and spicy hamachi. All the food came out promptly and all the food was delicious. I feel like the pictures speak for themselves. The foods amazing here. If you want good sushi with a good vibe this is the place to go to in the city. It's by far my favorite sushi spot. Everything tastes just right.Best sushi I've had in a long time.  The margarita roll and tuna cakes were out of this world.  Wen ton a slow night and the bartender gave us amazing recommendations.  Will definitely be back!  Fun girls night.My BF and I had yellowtail and tuna...super-fresh. The ceviche was kind of like a jalapeno tuna tartare...*really* good.
The miso was great. The house salad's dressing was fresh, smelled great. It's a carrot mango dressing. The lettuce wasn't iceberg, it was a baby greens mix and the lettuce was fresh and firm. Quality.
Plus the sake selection's bigger than other places around town. 
The chefs and staff were super-helpful and quick too. No complaints on service! 
We arrived at around 6:30 on a Tuesday. By the time we left (around 8:00) it was packed though. I'd recommend you arrive early if you want the fastest service.Wait is always too long. They don't do reservations. Other than that I always have a blast when I come here with friends and the sushi is great! Haven't had many of the other dishes but quality of food is never a complaint I've heard about this place. They're just too popular! HaRock n' Sake is my first stop when I get off the plane in Nola if it's open, and if not, I go there as soon as it is!!!  It is by far my favorite sushi place in New Orleans, beats Atlanta sushi HANDS DOWN, and rivals many of the way more expensive places I've been to in LA.
Yeah, it's run by a bunch of southern white people, and the head sushi chef is a white dude named Dirk who dresses like a frat guy.  So what.  The rolls are really innovative and the sashimi is incredibly fresh.  There's also an incredible amount of variety - there's a good two pages of menu of rolls and if you don't like sushi there's plenty of teriyaki and bowls and such to choose from!  My favorite roll is the Red Dragon, which until recently was only one of the special rolls.  mmmmm.  getting hungry just thinking about the red dragon roll...
As many Yelpers have said, it gets extremely busy on weekend nights.  So busy that you will have an hour wait.  So either come early or know you'll have to wait.  If you don't have more than 10 people you cannot get a reservation.  They also do take-out which is extremely quick.  Cannot wait until my next Nola trip so I can have some red dragon again!Be sure to ask the waiter for specials! We were able to get $5 volcano rolls. Other great rolls are available as well without the special.
The only reason why I did not rate this restaurant 5 stars is because the waiter charged a "late-night kitchen fee" without letting our group know.AWE-SUM.  If you a sushi traditionalist, this is not the place for you.  If you like creative and different sushi in a cool, hip, rockin environment then you will love this place.  They have some very cool and creative sushi rolls.  Been twice and loved it both times.Apps werr really good but the ramen was room temperature as was the beer. Not happy. Giving 2 starts because of the apps.I recently dined here with a group of friends and forgot that I actually really liked the place.  Rock n Sake offers a fun atmosphere, although they could turn the music down a notch.  I hate having to raise my voice to talk to a person across the table.  Other than the  loud music, the food is actually pretty good.
To start off, we had the Tuna Ceviche, Beef Tataki, and Hamachi Kama.  All were satisfying although the best Beef Tataki will always come from Tennou.  The Hamachi Kama on the other hand, was one of the best I've tried.  I'm upset once more for forgetting to order the scallops everyone has talked about.  I'm currently kicking myself right now because I don't dine here very often and it'll be a while until I'm back.
Of all the rolls we ordered, my favorites were the Upside Down Roll and the California Sunset Roll.  I always order the sunset because I'm such a fan of rolls with mango, so it's a must for me.  The Upside Down Roll was mouthwateringly delicious!  I have to order that one the next time we go.  We also got the Octopus Sushi; I was pleasantly surprised that I enjoyed it.
So a few cons of dining here?  Number one is always the parking!  It's almost impossible to find parking around the area, especially on the weekends!  So be warned.  And I've already mentioned the loud music.  A great place to bring friends in a party mood, but a a definite no-no for a romantic date.  You'll barely be able to talk!  It also can get pretty crowded, so if you have a big party you should probably make reservations.I would give a 3.5 but since Yelp only accepts whole stars.....
So we found on a late night, wanted sushi and something opened after 10pm. The atmosphere is great, the service was good/fast. 
We ordered the recommended deviled eggs, great choice. 
I will say we felt the menu was limited and overpriced. While all the food we ordered was good, it wasn't necessarily worthy for the cost. We went because I wanted sushi but looking at the cost of the rolls and seeing how limited the sushi options were, we could have went somewhere a lot closer t where we were staying and saved. 
We ordered the deviled egg appetizer, a salad, tuna nachos and the shrimp appetizer. Our bill was $55. No alcohol or soft drinks and we weren't 'full' by any means. I really liked the atmosphere and maybe if we had come earlier for just happy hour my review could be different, but for dinner/lunch the prices are just too much and the menu too limited.I'll review the food first:
meso soup & garden salad with house dressing, both generous portions and tasty. We were with a party so many a roll were nibbled on,  but our particular order was the Red Dragon roll which was delicious! Other rolls I recall: cucumber outside, margarita, some roll that came sizzling on a plate...they were all good. In fact, the food was so good that if this review were based solely on the food,  Rock n Sake would get 5 stars. 
However, the ideal restaurant experience is not made by food alone.  Nay, it takes many elements synced up & working together for a New Orleans establishment to recieve 5 outta 5 Yelp stars.
Below is a timeline of events involving Rock n Sake. The names have not been changed to protect the innocent...'cause I can't remember them ;-)
Early afternoon, day of birthday dinner: *ring ring* 'Hello? Rock n Sake.' 'Reservation for 12 @730pm, please.' 'Okay, but if 10/12 from your party have not arrived by 7:30pm, we're charging your credit card $50.' 'Um...we'll just request the table upon arrival.' *click from Rock n Sake side* At this point had it not been for the fact that we were making a reservation for a birthday gal, it was a surprise, & attempting to change the dinner location would have been a logistical nightmare, I would have not given Rock n Sake our business that evening and, likely, never. It's mid-August and the city is absent of tourists & conventions. 
In fact, Rock n Sake is currently offering a drink & roll special as an incentive to get people in the door! It was a Tuesday night, it was mid-August, it was/is a reservations policy in poor taste...needless to say, we walked in and obtained a 12 top without issue (duh!)
Then there was really bad timing with the food. Not everyone is a sushi fan and Rock n Sake knows this because they offer items from the grill. One dinner guest ordered the steak while all others ordered sushi. Within 15 minutes of our order being placed, the steak was dropped at the table. Cool! This must mean our sushi is moments away, right? Negative. It was over an hour after the steak entree was delivered that the first roll was received. You place us in an strange spot, Rock n Sake. 11 other hungry diners get to watch 1 person eat very-very slowly. She attempted to wait for our rolls, but after we all concluded that wasn't going to happen and if she didn't eat,  her entree would be stone cold, she ate. And, due to excessive roll wait time, she finished before any others received dinner. 
There's a simple solution to this, Rock n Sake...communication! The wait staff, manager, whoever should have positioned themselves as a mediatior between the sushi bar & the kitchen. All food should have arrived close together, not over an hour apart! 
And then, the diner who ordered the steak and was served first, her husband's order was lost. His food was not delivered until after everyone was finished & the birthday cake was being cut. Boo,  this was not a good experience from phone call to bill drop off. 
Rock n Sake will survive because it caters to the Warehouse district trendy folks &, yes!, the rolls are delicious,  but sheesh! I feel mistreated.  
Work on customer service, Rock n Sake, and more happy customers you shall have.The wait staff were friendly and the place was nice, but I ordered a $16 simple and spicy hamachi entree and what arrived was not enough to fill a five year old's stomach. It might have cost $80 to have a filling dinner. Tasted good, though, so go if you don't mind small portions. Also, wife's ramen portion was fine.The rolls are fine, and I haven't had bad food here, but it is not a fun place to be. Other reviewers have hit the nail on the head with this, but this place is SUPER LOUD. I can deal with loudness, but it's like an awful party that I can't leave from anytime I dine in.
This is anecdotal, and based on a single experience, but a few years ago, an ex and I went to dine in. We didn't look like their largely young professional or party people clientele (we were still in college), but I recall that we received poor service. Anytime that I've eaten with my parents here, they've treated them really well. Again, this may have just been an off day for one server, but overall, the environment of Rock-n-Sake makes me uncomfortable.
Its proximity to The Republic is perfect, and I get the same vibe from both places. This is fine and all, if that's your jam, but I'd prefer a more relaxing sushi experience where I can actually have a conversation without yelling.
With that said, again, the sushi is fine. The Rebel Rice Paper roll is really good! There are better choices for sushi in this city, but not in this exact, proximal to the convention center area. Close, though, is Sushi Brothers on St. Charles, which other reviewers have mentioned, and is comparable in quality, cheaper, and much more palatable of an environment.Its open late for an excellent late night sushi dinner to be enjoyed with very loud rock, dance & pop music. Usually busy but worth a short wait.  The nigiri (raw fish) was excellent, but the sushi rolls were quite average.  The specialty rolls just didnt have a good overall flavor, stick with the classics (philly, cali...). They also had non seaweed wraps, for those seaweed haters. The energy level was great for getting started on a weekend night, so i figure the place is more for meeting friends and enjoying a loud atmosphere than for the sushi.I've been here several times...best sushi anywhere...lsu roll is great...upside down roll is to die for!This is a really fun spot that has been a sushi mecca for the warehouse district for a number of years. The name says a lot. It's loud and rocking not only with hot people but also with loud music that is pumped through the place constantly. If you don't like the loud downtown vibe then this place isn't for you but if you are looking for that it's a solid choice. They typically have a good looking servers and a lot of energy but don't forget about the food. The sushi and the other menu items are all good and it's a fun place to go with a big group or even sit at the small yet lively bar by yourself for a little sushi and sake.Better than expected sushi for a new Orleans spot. Sat at the bar and the sushi chef was extremely friendly and made a lot of good recommendationsI was a regular Rock N Sake customer when I lived in the area. I was in the area visiting friends and we were SO disappointed in the service tonight. Half of the table received their sushi 40 minutes before the rest of the table. The waitress was so nice and apologized but when she stressed her concern to the sushi chef and the manager they were far from nice to her. I finally called the manager to the table and he blamed the situation on the new chef and offered $5 off of our meal. It wasn't about the money. It was about the horrible management. So disappointed in one of my most favorite sushi restaurants in New Orleans. We'll never return. Only giving it two stars because of the past. Would want to give them one.This place is hands down the spot you need to start your night off at.  First of all, the location is 2nd to none.  There are many places around here where you can go out after.  There's Lucy's and The District a couple of streets over, and also Emerils and Bouche in the other direction (towards the river) if you want something a little "older" and classier.  
Let's get down to the good stuff.  Their rolls are friggin' amazing!  Way better than any sushi place I have been to in this city.  It will leave you wanting more.  Their hurricane rolls are excellent, as well as another specialty roll that I can't name here because they don't always have it but make it for me when I go in; Basically, make friends with the sushi rollers, ask them what's good that night, and make a point to sit at the bar from time to time, they will take care of you!!  Whether you want your usual Crunchy or one of their specials that night, they won't fail you!  Personally, I have a better time at the bar if I'm with a friend rather than the table, but I'm biased because I like sitting at bars in restaurants unless I'm with a bigger group.  They make excellent use of  sriracha in several of their dishes; not too much but enough to taste the little sting of this amazing sauce.  Their ingredients are always fresh, and they are consistent with their rolls every time. 
Several of my friends have commented that they are a little pricy, but I don't find them any more expensive than other sushi places.  Basically, if you are going to get sushi, you should expect to pay a little more than the normal eating-out venture.  When I go with my husband, we spend about $150 including tip, so bring extra $ if you really want to have fun (we get several orders of specialty rolls and have several drinks).  You can definitely get by on $50 per person and still have fun.  I hear their Sake Martinis are good, but I've never tried one.  They have a good Sake menu, and that is the way I usually go.  
The atmosphere is really fun on a Friday and Saturday night.  They play club music and some stuff from local DJs that you will recognize if you are from NOLA.  Definitely not the place to go for a quiet night, and one reviewer had it right, it is definitely a pre-game place before a night out.  It is loud, and there is always a line/wait to get in.  Make sure to get there early, but not too early or you are going to miss out on the fun.  They open at noon on Fridays, so if you want something more low-key with more subdued music, go then.  The crowd is young, food is good, atmosphere chic.  Try it once, you will be addicted.I had visited this place 8 years ago and it was wonderful.  So,  tried to go back hoping it was what I remembered!  Yeah....it was!   We ate about 4 different roles,  some sashimi and chicken teriyaki.  Everything was great. 
Fresh....and great service.  Can't wait to go back again. 
It was cold in there though...take a sweater!  (really).I used to despise this place but I have to admit that my past three or four visits have been excellent.  Rock-n-Sake has some of the most creative young sushi chefs I've seen in New Orleans.
A friend of mine has introduced me to some off-the-menu items and they are amazing.
1. Get the LSU Roll with soy paper.
2. Lemon Zest Roll
3. Hurricane Roll
The place can get pretty loud and turn into a scene but that is the reason that many people want go go there.
I had a big group in town for a friends birthday the weekend before Mardi Gras.  They were Googling restaurants on their phone and coming up with horrible stuffy recommendations so I forced them into trying Rock-n-Sake because I thought it would be more appropriate for the type of night we had planned.  I was toasted on more than one occasion with sake bombs because they loved it.  It ended up being one of the dining highlights of their trip.
The servers and bar staff are always friendly as well.  Ask them for off-the-menu suggestions for new things the sushi bar is concocting and you might find a new favorite.There is not a day that goes by that I not miss this place. They have the most creative rolls and you can't leave wanting more. Prices are decent, the decor is a little weird but I love it sooooo much and I miss it dearly...
Like the others, I recommend the crunchy rolls. they always have specials on the board and I haven't had a bad one yet.This is the most over priced sushi I've had. I'm all for spending more on a good roll, but you've got to at least start with making your cheaper rolls good. That was my thought process...we'll eat two cheaper rolls and if they're good then we will order one of the more expensive ones. Well they weren't that great. They didn't have much flavor and the fish just wasn't that good. So we will continue to search until we find our NOLA sushi spothaving lived the last 10 years in California I can say that this place had good sushi.  It's best just to tell the sushi roll makers what ingredients you like and let them do their thing.  The food its a bit over priced for NOLA but its a tourist trap and lots of college aged/young professionals are there nightly.  The alcohol is very overpriced so don't go there to hang at the bar all night.I ordered take out from here, the sushi rolls I ordered were very flavorful and good. Unfortunately the side salad I ordered was full of brown rotten lettuce. I think it was probably just pre-made salad of bagged lettuce that they don't pay much attention to. Stick to the sushi!Sushi and service were great! Amber was our waitress she knew the menu thoroughly,was able to point out some great suggestions and made sure our drinks were full. 
The fish was fresh, tasty, well paired by the guys behind the counter.
I would have given 5 stars but there was an hour wait starting at 9pm. I saw a lot of tables not being bused while we waited which could have helped speed up the process.Thought this place was really good.  The sushi was delicious and the atmosphere is very happening.  I did think they played music a bit too loud for my liking, so minus a star for that.  The fried ice cream was the perfect ending to a good night.Rock-n-Sake opens at 5:30 and not one minute earlier! If you want to go here before going out, I suggest getting here between 5:30-6:30 because otherwise you are going to wait. We had a table of 8 and the service was great. I ended up being a bit of a lush at dinner because I ordered:
Vegetable Tempura ($6.5)
Hawaii 5-0 ($12.5)
Crunchy Roll (I always order this everywhere I go) ($6)
and split a bottle of wine with my cousin. 
Now, when it comes to sushi I am not very adventurous - I do not like fish. I am good with the "crab" that comes in crunchy rolls, so I always make sure I get one of those (and it is always fun to try the same roll at different locations). 
My adventurous roll - the Hawaii 5-0 - was made out of coconut-tempura shrimp and cream cheese rolled with mangos and avocados on the outside. I highly suggest getting this roll if fish is not your thing!When in the mood for sushi Rock n Sake isn't my go to place, but when I want a fun atmosphere, drinks AND sushi than rock n sake is the only place that comes to mind. It's definitely a cool place with loud club music playing hip hop and the top 40s. I keep finding myself chair dancing with every beat. The crowd is slightly on the ehh douche/douchette side. I've seen my fair share of spiked hair and bedazzled bro shirts. But that is to be expected with fist pumping music is in full effect. That aside, the drinks are good, but overpriced. I've had better comparative cocktails at higher end restaurants while paying the same price. On an empty stomach a 13 dollar drink (or any drink) should make me a little happy buzzed. I enjoy the sushi, but on a busy night it can take a while. My usual rolls are the rainbow, margarita and usually something else more exciting. The sushi is very fresh and tastes great. Still, the atmosphere will win over Rock n Sake for me. Its a fun place to get dinner with a group.Best sushi in the city. We started with hot Saki and Edamame. Perfect mix of protein and empty calories. Then tasted the amazing Sushi Deviled Eggs: truffle and spicy sesame deviled eggs topped with tuna tartare and black tobiko. !!!! Then shared the Yellowtail Roll, Red Dragon Roll, and one other roll I can't remember due the Barrell Proof drinks we had before dinner. However, I do remember the hit Roll of the evening. The amazing Upside Down Roll. Fresh salmon and snow-crab on the inside topped with fresh tuna , flipped "upside down" on a hot plate , finished with a jalapeño garlic sauce with tempura flakes. Truly amazing!!!!  Can't wait to take my kids.One of my favorite restaurants, I am so lucky to have stumbled across it. Tanya is amazing and her enthusiasm for her restaurant shines through. The sushi rolls were huge, the cocktails were great and our server was on point. You must try the LSU roll as well as the crunchy calamari roll. They are out of this world.This is my favorite place for sushi and sake in the heart of the city. The food is great and the hip atmosphere is exactly what I like these days. This place plays music semi loud so if you are not into that kind of thing then might not be the place for you. You will hear some old school rap with some pop hear and there. If you like sushi and like a hip trendy environment then this is the place for you.This place was incredible! It was my first sushi experience in New Orleans and I was very impressed. I definitely recommend taking anyone who isn't really sure if they like sushi to this place, they have a lot of beginner sushi choices (crab instead of raw tuna) that will turn your "not so sure I like sushi" eating partner into the "let's go get some sushi tonight!" eating partner. The dragon roll was delicious.Great food and service at  the bar. 35 minute wait on a late Friday night. The salmon and mackerrell sashimi were spot-on, and the 4 different sushi rolls were pretty tasty; our favorite was the lemon zest salmon (?) roll. Popping place! Younger crowd. 20min walk from the French Quarter.Closed on Mondays.  
Lunch only on Fridays.
Dinner Tues- Sun.
Damn.  For the price you pay, you sure do get a load of food!  I love the fact that their sushi bar is so freakin long and they actually have about four sushi chefs working. Check out the weird jellyfish lamps!!!!
Fish here is of top quality and the maki rolls are HUUUUGE!  Even after requesting cut smaller, it still was a challenge to eat!  
Rice paper roll so good.  For those who live Vietnamese style spring rolls, this is very much like it - made w/ cucumber, lettuce, carrot, and raw tuna - such an awesome alternative to the conventional seaweed maki rolls!  
One thing I'm weary is the fact that at least half the patrons here were using forks....so obviously this is a good place to bring sushi virgins.  Oh that and a majority of the plates were teriyaki dinners.  Ahh well.
Try the sake-tini!  Green tea vodka w/ sake, sweetened a bit w/ lemon - supposed to be their healthiest drink...I'm a light weight so obviously I got sloshed drinking half but it was smooth and nice!  
Edamame, tuna tataki sashimi, and 5 rolls - $80 pre-tip.  Yes, hella steep but then again, my dining buddy and i over ordered.  Luckily my friend serving us didn't put in the order of udon soup (ha, she forgot) so we really really didnt overdo it.
Parking is a bitch at night time - good luck b/c there is competition w/ Wolfe's and La Boca.Get there early if you want less kinetic energy. Solo? Full menu at the bar. You must try the tuna deviled eggs. Spicy hamachi was yum! Red dragon so so. Next door guy had the  margarita roll and raved about it. Great bartenders. Sochi and Stephanie.Great food, great music, great drinks, great service. Had the Lavender Fields drink and vegetable soba noodles. Both were amazing. Sad that I came in too late to get the pb&j roll for dessert - it sounded delicious.This place has fun creative sushi rolls!  The dragon roll is enough for 2.  Their grilled squid steak is better than any other sushi place.Sushi was okay, certainly not worth the price.  The most annoying thing was that the music was so loud that our group couldn't have a conversation. I understand if it was later in the evening but this was at 6:30 pm.Typically when in New Orleans all I want is more and more of that Cajun goodness but some coworkers convinced me that Rock-n-Sake was worth going to. 
The sushi was very good, but it came with 60+ minute wait. The server came by several times to apologize for the delay, offered another round of drinks, which we were charged for. After the 60 minute point we were brought some edamame to hold us over. I personally think some type of app should have been brought out about 30 minutes earlier.  Our sushi came out shortly after we received the edamame. 
Rock-n-Sake deserves only 3 stars for the wait but the sushi was 4 star worthy! I even ordered take-out a few nights later which was ready much faster than when I sat down with friends.i've had some decent sushi here, but by far the highlight of the menu is the Hawaii five-0 roll. It's so good that I'm tempted to give the place another star.
For me, it would be a second or third date sort of place, because it can be a little raucous. it's fun to go with a group of people, but call ahead or get there early because it get's packed.I really really like this place, It makes sushi fun and a reason to get dressed up a bit. 
If you're planning on going out downtown, have dinner over here! They have a great cocktail menu with a variety of drinks to satisfy any taste. I would say that this place is NOT suitable for children. 
I came to dinner here last Friday night and I saw this mom and her little girl eating at the sushi bar and the Ying Yang Twins were on the radio. If you want to take your kid out to sushi, don't do it here, especially at 8P.M. on a FRIDAY night when all the cool adults are out! Go to Little Toyko in Metairie for that! 
If I wanna be a cool mom, I'm taking a trip to Chucky Cheese, not Rock n' Sake.
Anyways, get the edema me and the chicken tempura. Also try out their tempura cheesecake dessert. DELISH!!!Now i'm feelin so fly like a G6!! 
I always enjoy eating sushi with a DJ. Rock-n has the right idea when it comes to entertainment while eating. 
The Jimmy Graham roll will melt in your tempora filled mouth... no words with Sake!!
The bartender really knows how to make a great cosmo. 
I just wish it were open earlier during the day.I was wary of ethnic foods in New Orleans.  I was also craving non-deep fried foods, especially seafood, and most importantly raw fish!  I found my place, Rock 'n Sake was my Asian dining haven away from the Bay Area.  
It throws you off a bit because the place seems much more like a bar, a trendy bar.  The sushi chef was a non-Japanese, non-Asian guy dressed like a fraternity guy.
The  teriyaki was great and sashimi fresh!   Great presentation.  We had a clear broth with mushrooms, it SO hit the spot.  
The waitress was very courteous and got my boyfriend mushroom-less broth upon our request.  The green tea was great but I think it's wrong for any Asian restaurant to charge for tea unless it's premium tea or tea for dimsum.  I had lunch here instead of dinner because the dinner prices are much higher.I'm pleasantly surprised to rate this spot five stars but it totally deserves it. Food was great. Squid, scallops... yum! The triple-s roll is OMG delicious. Service was friendly. Ambiance was great. Music... tight!
Go here with a group of friends! Lots of fun!A chic little sushi joint with trendy decor, eye candy at the bar, and plenty of options in terms of sushi, sashimi, entrees and alcohol. 
This place is a wonderful little spot and a great date spot as well. The sushi was fresh and delightful. I was very pleasantly suprised with the quality of sushi at this place. 
The prices are competitive and the service is also excellent. A great dinner spot thurs-sun.Love to dine here!!;) love,love this place...Such a hip fun place to hang out! Also it's open only for dinner except on Friday and closed on Tuesday. 
My favorite rolls: 
LSU rolls ,Red Dragon plus Amazing cocktail "Japanese 75 " what you must try!! My favorite drink!! Love it...so sweet fresh nom nom....This place is cool, its trendy, pretty people eat here, they drink heinekens.  Its in a cool part of town. In an old building. made hip and modern. Oh, but the sushi is pretty boring, and not very good quality. When eating sushi, nothing else should matter save the quality of the fish. I'd rather eat amazing sushi sitting in a mud puddle than eat here. Take your money over to sushi brothers instead.Amazing sushi. The best in the city. Great vibe and great food. Margarita roll is the best.Good place for sushi in nawlins, love the shrimp rolls as well.  They also have good soups but I would stick with the rolls.Best sushi I've ever had. Not sure why it's not 5 stars. That's dumb. Upside down roll changed my life. Rock n sake or die.Amazing sushi place! Very fresh and the flavors are fantastic. Definitely a must try.This is one of my fave sushi spots. The food is amazing. My only issue is the music can be so loud at times I can't hear what people are saying to me and the wait time to get a table. Other than that I would recommend Rock n Sake to anyoneTook an intro Sushi Class with Dirk at the Rock-n-Sake today.  It was awsome.  Taught me how to select/cut the fish, make the rice, roll and cut the my own rolls.  Got personalized training on how to make some of my favorite rolls.  
If you ever wanted to learn how to make Sushi, I highly recommend checking out his class.Sitting at the bar with Harris! It's me & Nadrian's 1st visit to this wonderful spot!
We enjoyed edamame, gyoza, rice paper roll, salmon skin roll, salmon zest, and the oh so delicious warehouse roll. To wash it all down: their Grape-o-licious Tiger-tini and yummy Gin Peach-tini!
Sit at the bar for fabulous happy hour drink & food specials. Come early or risk having to wait! Trust me!!The food was good, fresh and tasty. I do not understand why they do not make a menu showing a picture for each item. Customers have no ideas about each sushi name if they are not familiar with Japanese food. Do not use the bathrooms here-- dirty, stinky, messy, nasty!!  You cannot eat after use.The highlight of the first time I ate here was a meeting a former FBI agent and his wife by the parking meter down the street from the place. They invited my friend and I for beers at the Argentine restaurant next door to RnS where they had dinner reservations. After several great Argentine beers and some really cool Hoover era FBI stories,  going to eat at  Rock n Sake seemed quite pedestrian. They are pricey, but  the service was efficient and the food good and fresh.I went here last night with a group of 6 people and my experience was better.  I think I was a little too critical of Rock-n-Sake during my first visit.
We tried a good variety of their rolls and they were all pretty good.  The service was good.  I just wanted to update my review to a solid 4 stars.I know, I know, I only gave it two stars. But, I'm willing to go back!
This review is solely based on the rolls that I had- not any other rolls or any other food. I had the calamari roll (sans snowcrab), half of a hawaii 5-0, miso soup, edamame and plum wine. The miso soup was good but JESUS that's a lot of miso! Taste the graininess, miso. The calamari roll which came with calamari, avocado, asparagus and roe was overall...chewy. I'm a two bite sushi person but I had to put the whole thing in my mouth and it was too much (that's what she said). I ended up taking the asparagus entirely because it was chewy and stringy. The Hawaii 5-0 was really good and the sour blend of the cream cheese with the sweetness of the mango went really well but unfortunately for me, I still don't like shrimp all that much, even when it's fried and rolled in rice. The plum wine was good and edamame is edamame. RNS definitely has the whole 'young, fun, neon color' thing going on which I guess some people like but when I go to a restaurant I'm more interested in the food and those rolls just didn't do it. I'd like to go back and try the udon before I make a final judgment but for now I'm roll-free.creative and unique rolls. yum yum. If the music is too loud then yer too old.Don't get me wrong, the sushi was fine.  Why one star?  Because I paid double what I pay at Mikimoto for sushi that was "fine."  Because my date and I had to resort to writing notes to each other on the sugar packets because the thumping night club music was ear-bleeding loud.  Because it took over an hour to bring out an appetizer, and all told we were in this nightclub called a sushi restaurant for almost 3 hours for what should have been a quick meal.  I heard good things, but I wish I could remember who from, as I would never take their advice again.  If you like eating in the middle of a night club (and I can't imagine who would) then you might be ok here, but for me, just as much as fresh and delicious fish, a quiet and peaceful environment, a beautiful table setting, good service and good company are crucial to my enjoyment, and Rock-n-Sake does not deserve another visit.Having lived in L.A. for almost 5 years, I've developed a keen affinity for sushi and sashimi. It's so common on the West Coast, finding a restaurant with fresh seafood is nowhere near a task. So just imagine my delight when I first stumbled upon Rock N Sake about 4 years ago. I was so in love with this place, I went there EVERY Wednesday for 2 years! I even hosted my 30th Birthday party in their special events room. 
I love how they add a NOLA flair to their meals- even naming specialty rolls after Saints players, etc. My favorite dish by far is the Tuna Nachos. Lightly seared cubed tuna chunks atop of wonton nachos with a light wasabi sauce...need I say more?! It isn't on the menu, but being that I am a regular, I know that it's available. My favorite roll would probably be a tie between the volcano roll and the rock and roll. The Beef and Asparagus Maki are also up there on my faves list. 
The bartenders, Donny and Brandy are a comical 1-2 punch. If you are having a bad day, they are sure to lighten up your spirits!.So I've been to Rock N Sake many times. I've always enjoyed the food, service and atmosphere. I'm not sure what is going on but last night was terrible. I'm so sorry to have to yelp this but it's the truth. The music was so loud that we had to shout our drink order to the bartender, shout our orders to waitress and couldn't even have a conversation with the person sitting next to you. Half our table got their app orders the other half didn't. It took over 2 hours to get our rolls. We only ordered 2! One couple at our table didn't get their food until we were all finished eating The table next to us went around the corner, ordered a pizza, brought it back AND still we didn't have our rolls. Had some yummy pizza though. This was a freaking joke. All the waitress had to say was they were backed up. No apologizes from her. She didn't even bother to let us know anything. I had to ask another waitress as well. I'm so disappointed. This used to be my fav spot for sushi. Sad because the renovations are nice. Something def has to change before I lay down $100+ here again! Now that I think about it the waitress could have offered us a comp drink or something for the long wait. Nope she didn't.We came here after an exhibitor's party because I just wanted to try out this place in the time I was visiting New Orleans.  So we only had room for two rolls at most.  We went with two rolls that we normally couldn't find back home in the bay.  I picked the spicy salmon roll w/ ponzu sauce and my bf picked the rebel rice paper roll that came in rice paper instead of seaweed.  Both were quite interesting although I thought the slices of salmon were on the thin side.  
I'm a big ginger fan, however, the ginger here wasn't tangy or pickled like the ones you usually find in typical sushi bars.  I'm glad I tried it, but I've had better.This place rocks! Literally and figuratively. I love the sushi here. The atmosphere is the most fun you will ever have in at a sushi restaurant.  I would only caution people going on a first date or with young children going at night, the music may be too loud at times. Highly recommend this place!i had a pretty good experience here recently.  we had the spicy gyoza soup, niku udon (beef), a specialty roll called the 'grinch roll', and some good sake (sorry - can't remember which one i had this time)
the niku udon was tasty with a decent beef broth.  i personally wasn't a huge fan of the spicy gyoza soup but my friend loved it.  the grinch roll was fresh and very good, and while i can't remember its exact ingredients, i do have a picture of it.  also, while the portion of the rolls was good, i wish the portion could be the same but with smaller rolls.  when the rolls are so big, it's hard or awkward and impossible for me to eat in one bite, and  just eating half at a time makes it fall apart.
service was pretty good.  the server kind of forgot about us at the end but that was fine with me because i don't like to be rushed out.If you are in New Orleans and looking for a great sushi place, go no further than this!  Best sushi I've had in a long time and they were willing to make rolls that weren't even on the menu.  And all the while you are there, there is great music playing!Super crowded, Extremely loud but seems to be a very popular sushi restaurant in the city.
Personally, I'm not a fan.  It's just way too loud in there that I can't even hear myself think! It's a perfect place to bring a pretty date that you really don't want to have any conversation with! 
I have to say the only things that I like here are the Killer Scallops and the Seafood Dynamite as appetizers.
All other rolls are not impressive: stuff different variations of raw fish, add some mixed imitation crab meat, and cover it up with mayo spicy sauce..BAM...there's a roll....
And, that's all I really have to say about Rock N Sake....Food is delicious and so are the drinks.  A bit pricey but good.  SO LOUD and feels like a club which is fun if that's what you're in the mood for.  Probably not the best place for a first date, hard to talk.I LOVE ROCK N SAKE!!!! I have only had better Sushi once...I was in NYC.
Everything I have ordered has been amazing. My favorites are the Upside Down Tuna Roll (hot sushi :-) and the Volcano Roll...OMG!!!
I love the atmosphere. It is fun and loud. I don't go out...so this allows me to dance in my chair a little, listen to great songs and eat great food.
I don't drink, but I hear the cocktails are pretty good. 
Oh, it is generally FREEZING in here and parking sucks, but that's it!This is not your typical sushi restaurant. Notice the name is bar and sushi, not sushi bar.
 My visit was on a Saturday night. It was packed, there was a wait, and it was loud.  I had a blast at this place. We went for a girls' night out prior to our other entertainment for the evening. In this instance, the place was perfect. We were in a partying frame of mind and that's the setting they give you. 
Don't go here for a simple quiet dinner or for conversation. This is the place for those that want to dance in their seat, eat some yummy sushi, and get their buzz on with some apple sake.A great sushi place in New Orleans. The quantities are of decent proportions but in comparison to other sushi places that I've been to, this is a bit on the pricier side. The appetizers are great and if you save room, the peanut butter and jelly sushi roll for dessert is an interesting one. A nice selection of sake and cocktails that add to the experience.I DO NOT get the hype over this place.  It's only saving grace is the ambiance.  It's a pretty cool space, and they've decorated it well.  I found the food to be overpriced, and simply not good.  Go elsewhere for your sushi!Great service, atmosphere and ESPECIALLY the sushi!  I suggest getting the LSU roll.Maybe I  am partial but I love this place. I come mainly for happy hour but come whenever I get a craving. Food portions have been cut yes but I am in the food biz so I know how food margins work. Still worth it. Music is good especially if one of the chefs puts his playlist on! My friend Shazamed nearly every song! See Korey and the bar staff they are great. Brittney is no longer there and josh moved to the Metairie location but they were awesome! Drinks are good but are slow to come out because they are made to order and could easily be batches for speed. I recommend this place to everyone in town. Come before 7or after 9 if you want fast service otherwise it's packed.Love this sushi place! The rolls are very creative! My absolute favorite is Calamari Crunch Roll. Killer scallops are killer! Some of the best scallops. I love the loud music and great drinks. I always get a raspberry sake margarita.  I have been a consumer of their delish rolls for about 7 years now.Best take-out sushi I may have ever had - and that's saying something.  
The secret might be that their to go containers are clear plastic instead of foil or styrofoam.  Of course, starting off with fresh fish don't hurt none, neither.  
Fair prices, too, for the quality.  Hopefully I'll have time to dine in some day.Out-of-towner looking for a good meal and I stumbled on this place. I was pleasantly surprised! The sushi was of very good quality and very tasty. Lots of fancy rolls to chose from if that's your thing, a moderate amount of nigiri and shashimi. 
Definitely a trendy spot and not good for a quiet romantic date, the music is ridiculously loud...hence the name.Oh I had a great time here.  It was a little loud but it had a good energy.  You could look around and everyone seemed to be having fun.  The service was good and I liked the look and feel of the restaurant.  I had the chicken teriyaki and the Fulton St. rolls I believe (the ones with tuna, crab and avocado with eel sauce) with a glass of plum wine. YummY.  I enjoyed my meal and my dining experience at Rock-n-Sake and would definitely go back if in N.O.No special tinies for happy hour!! Ginger peach  tini was a great palette cleanser in between bits of some pretty good sushi. Like Tamia said, get there early or you'll be waiting.....This place is great!!!! I don't give anything a 5 out of 5 stars because I can always find something wrong. Even if the "wrong" is petty. I am from Montana. No secret, we don't get great sushi, but whenever I travel to places that have it (Seattle, San Francisco, etc) I truly embrace sushi. My wife and I will spree on an expensive meal at a sushi joint just to get the good stuff, even if we have to eat pizza by the slice two nights in a row after that while on a vacation.  Enough about us though. I think the best thing I ate was the margarita roll!!! Oh my god!!!!!!!!!!! So good. So damn good!!  We also ate the tuna nacho appetizer. It was really really good.  The atmosphere wasn't "sushi", but cool all the same. We still have a few days in New Orleans and plan on going back for more and more. We walked about 30 minutes one way and I would walk twice that to go stand in line for an hour in the heat and humidity to eat it again. For under $70 (including a generous tip) we had the appetizer, 4 rolls, and a BIG beer. Worth every penny!! Enjoy.Overall very good sushi, some of the best I've had! Sort of feels like your in a night club with the loud music and neon lights, but its not that bad & the food makes up for it! The shrimp wontons were great, volcano roll- phenomenal! And the Pb&j roll for dessert  was pretty good as well! Tasted like a crunchy Pb&j sandwich!Do y'all remember Myspace?  It was that website popular post Friendster, pre-Facebook/Yelp?  Let me take you back to a simpler time, when we all had one thing in common...We were all friends of 'Tom'.  
Myspace had this fancy feature that let you list your interests.  It would then create a search-able category for each one and allow you link to other people who share the same ardor for the obscure.  A college friend of mine met her husband through this feature (and their mutual love of 'Space Mountain', no lie).  Well, I've never been much for normalcy and I tend to fixate and obsess about certain things I like very much.  My interests included: Archery, Wu-Tang Clan, Guinness and Jacked Asian Dudes.  
I chose the latter category because I've never seen one, and therefore deduced that they're incredibly hard to find, sort of like Unicorns or an entire bag of red Sour Patch Kids.  I'd been a bit of a gym rat in my NYC college years, and my group of friends looked like Benetton Ad!  If these elusive men existed, I'd yet to meet one.  My profile interests had been up for nary a week when my I got my first email from a J.A.D.  
 Imagine my surprise, not only to finally find one, but to have one find me (curiously, this meant he had to use the search function and correctly input the words 'Jacked Asian Dudes').  He was a really nice guy, who politely answered my questions about J.A.D.'s (he knew one other guy who could be considered a J.A.D. as well) 'friended me', and offered to take me out for sushi the next time I was in Brooklyn.
Speaking of Sushi, Asian food and Jacked Dudes, my first foray into the New Orleans raw fish scene was at 'Rock n Sake' and it was a bit disconcerting at first.  My hometown sushi spot, Osaka, has sedate waitstaff, rice-paper screens and a soundtrack of  Korean pop stars warbling along to Celine Dion ballads. 
RnS has a hip, club-like atmosphere with top 40 music turned up to 11.  The food was fresh, flavorful and well presented (a tad pricey, but whatever) and the service was fast and friendly (although i think she was just keeping pace to the music).  A muscular, star-quarterback looking chef stood guard over the bar at RnS, matching pace with the orders as they came in.  I've enjoyed the veggie sushi, the pad thai noodles and much more.  No complaints, just delicious Asian cuisine, jacked up and done well.Incredible service and the food was even better. Not usually imprsssed by the sushi selection in New orleans but my waitress and the manager Cory suggested some dishes to us that knocked it out of the park. Even had us tried some sake. Refreshing to have a staff that is knowledgeable about what they are serving but not be intimidating when explaining their unique menu. Will be back!
We ordered the super cakes, kale and salmon, margarita roll and upside down roll.Over-rated
Tex-mex feel
Underwhelming for the prices.
Hardly saw our serverFirst off, let me state this was my third time here and usually enjoy myself and the sushi, however this experience was by far the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant.
We got to the restaurant at 7:30. We had a group of 4 and they told us the wait time was 45 minutes. With that in mind, we headed to the bar and paid for severely over-priced drinks. Two hours later, we were eventually seated. My friend ordered the tuna nachos (which ended up being sliced raw tuna with scallions on top of cold chips...)and we placed an order for 4 specialty rolls. 45 minutes later, my friend had still had not received her appetizer. For the first time in my life, I asked to speak to a manager and was greeted by a man with the worst attitude I've ever witnessed.
Now, keep in mind I am in law school and very aware of my words with people. I started it off by telling him how much I enjoyed the restaurant in the past, but that it was now 10:30 at night and after 3 hours of being in his restaurant we still had not received any food. He listened to what I said and without apologizing or offering any sort of condolence, told me he would be right back. Hoping that he would come back with at least the appetizer, he promptly told me that the order was only put into the kitchen 34 minutes ago and there was nothing he could do because some of the rolls still had to be cooked. 
Overalll, there is much better sushi in new Orleans. If your uptown go to Hana sushi. If downtown go to sushi brothers. Do not give your business to a place that will treat you like garbage; in my mind if you are paying $50 per person for a mea and drinks, you should be treated with a little respect.