My wife and I came to Root on October 13, 2014. We ordered the Mexican Style Salchichas, Aloo Gobi, and Smoked Scallops. All were very tasty. 
Root has an excellent selection of charcuteries. We tried the Mexican Style Salchichas, they were decent but a bit bland. 
The Smoke Scalops are served in a Cohiba cigar box; the scallops were incredibly plump and tender - probably the best scallops I have ever had. 
By far the most incredible part of our meal was the Aloo Gobi. Without hesitation I highly recommend the Aloo Gobi!
Our wait staff team (Kevin and Chi?) were friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. The location was close to our hotel (Hilton Riverside) and the interior is remarkably excellent.
Interestingly, the soft drinks are about $4.00 and refills are full-price. Otherwise, Root has great bang for the buck - I will happily come back the next time I am in New Orleans.I realllllllllly wanted to love this place, but sadly I didn't. 
My gluttonous friends and I shared the sausage fest to begin our meal and a round of Pimm's Cups.  Then I had the Lobster Laksa and we finished by trying one of every dessert. 
The sausage fest was... ABSOLUTELY amazing. Delicious, fresh, all kinds of variety of meats. They also cutely packaged some house-made mustards in small squeeze bottles.  You should definitely get this if you are with a bunch of friends.
The entree and dessert was really where my gripe lay. The lobster laksa, which you would think would be amazing (amirite?) was GOD AWFUL. Like really, atrocious. As a lover of Singaporean food, I know laksa (and more importantly, good laksa) quite well. The soup of this dish was awful. It was more salty than anything I have ever tasted. So salty that it completely ruined the lobster tail by making it nearly inedible. I didn't eat anything besides the vegetables that were not bathing in the broth.
As for the desserts-- a little too strange and deconstructed for my taste. I think that Root was trying to be bold, and they certainly succeeded in that facet. However, the desserts were just too weird and not very good. They combined interesting ingredients but I just didn't think they came together right.
All in all, a really mediocre meal. Maybe I made the wrong choices though, as other peoples meals looked and tasted quite delicious.First time at this place, found a seat at the bar. Servers were very helpful, knowledgable, and friendly. I had their cheese plate with a few select meats and it was amazing!! Great place to stop in and socialize at the bar if you can find a seat. The owner was walking around and was very hospitable. Classy place and will definitely be returning on a regular basis.I was excited about Root -- I've been to a lot of the new American restaurants with a modernist approach in many cities, and usually I like the experience and the flavors. While I generally enjoyed the food I ate at Root, I left really disliking the whole modern trend, because some chefs are taking it too far and ruining the food.
Being our first time, we ordered a lot of the popular menu items, including the signature menage a fois and smoked scallops. Overall, the flavors were there and the dishes were good, but there were a couple of things I found to be ridiculous and disgusting:
Pop Rocks and Foie Gras: interesting party-in-your-mouth kind of treat, but it makes my tongue more confused & bewildered than delighted.
Smoked Scallops: Only OK, I wouldn't order it again, it just wasn't worth the $30+ dollars for 4 scallops. The duck, however, was wonderful.
Mint & Meyer Lemon dessert: Two of my favorite flavors! But ... wait, what!? Green food coloring? In the cake? And the ice cream? What the &$@*? I found no meyer lemon or mint flavors in this dish. My teeth were stained green. Absolutely distasteful and gross for a restaurant that is meant to be high caliber.Like an earlier review, the food was interesting. It had a very salty taste for me. I would have to say that due to the food selection, I would not be going back. Please note if the review was for service only, I would give it 5 stars. The service was great! Our waiter took time to explained everything to us and treated us like we were his only table. Unfortunately, the food you get for the price was not worth it. I had the duck which was reasonably price but was really tough.Came here after the Pretty Lights concert last weekend, everyone was a little buzzed and starving at 12:30am. I was not in the mood for Felipes or any fast food options so it was pretty incredible that this place is open for late night eats.  
We ordered several things but I only remember these dishes and they were delish! 
Grilled Compressed Watermelon Salad
"KFC" Korean Fried Chicken Wings
Chicharrones "2 Ways"
I will definitely return to dine here sober so I can better assess the food, but the sheer fact that they're open until 2 makes it a 5-star joint for me!I guess I get to be the one "evil" bad reviewer of this place but I like what I like and don't what I don't.  My father and I ate dinner at Root tonight and we both agree that "Hell no I won't eat here again!"  This was one of the all time worst meals I've ever had in New Orleans.  Maybe it was an off night or we ordered the worst things on the menu (as folks seem to rave about the scallops but my father is allergic to scallops).  The decor is not only atrocious and cheesy but would be much happier if it moved to some uber hipster skinny jean enclave of Austin or California and it just doesn't fit in NOLA and reminds me of Romper Room.  
They certainly use quality ingredients and they ruined them for our dinner!  The waiter had some amazing descriptions of the food that sounded fantastic so maybe everybody else was just hypnotized into thinking they were having food that tasted great but sadly for me it didn't work.  First up we had an amuse bouche of a radish and buttermilk "soup" that was... yawn... bland and flavorless.  I had the gulf fish and my father had the steak with both dishes being some of the most incredibly bland things I've ever tasted.  My father commented that it was the worst and most flavorless steak he had ever eaten!  The lamb pancetta appetizer we had was an utter waste of time while the LA pickled shrimp deviled eggs was just boiled shrimp with a slice of jalapeno on them with the deviled eggs on the side.  At least the shrimp had some flavor but the best item we ate all night were the french fries that came with the steak.  
This is definitely a restaurant and food for hipsters and it simply has no place in my life.  I can't even begin to remember the last time I had such bland and boring food in such an ugly setting.  I was expecting something different and exciting to zing my taste buds but instead I got complete bland blah!  I certainly trend towards the old school and traditional but I like Green Goddess, MiLa and lots of other "different" places but uhhh this place bored me.  This food is the antithesis of any type of food I like as I just plain think the food lacks the most vital element of flavor.
Part 2:
I went back to meet a group of friends that decided to try this place and I just drank beer while out of the other 5 people at my table (none of them hipsters) only one person really liked what they got with the rest reporting they just didn't think they would ever come back.  Hummm wish I could report something better but I guess this place works for some folks but not others.I first encounted Philip Lopez' divine cooking when he was featured at the Louisiana Cookin's 2011 Chefs to Watch awards dinner. Unfortunately, Root was not open at the time, so he fell off my radar until a friend mentioned a fabulous dinner he had recently had featuring foie gras with cotton candy and pop rocks, which Lopez had prepared for the awards dinner. There could not be two such chefs in New Orleans!!
I promptly scoped out Root (at the location where Feast used to be) and coerced a friend to join me. What a spectacular display of molecular gastronomy! The Compton Classic cocktail was a refreshing start--gin, citrus, and rosemary simple syrup, which was accompanied by an amuse bouche of sugar peas with horseradish gelee and some type of tomato foam. We started out with the CBD (chicken, beef, duck ) from the charcuterie board, which featured not just the meat, but a whole array of bits of tasty goodness, from crisps and housemade strawberry mustard in a little squeeze tube to pickled watermelon rind and pineapple. We also split the cornmeal crusted oysters with manchego foam, which were huge and juicy and perfectly prepared. I, of course, had to order the Menage a foie, three different morsels featuring foie gras, which tonight featured the unforgettable foielly pop, as well as some PB&J preparation which somehow combined fruit paste, gelee, and the foie gras with peanut and black bread toast in an amazingly delicate combination which still retained the essence of PB&J.  
We then had the lobster lasagna (huge chunks of lobster wrapped in fresh spinach pasta sheet with foam and corn nuts and bits of mushroom) and the famous chorizo smoked scallops in the cigar box. These were delicately cooked, faintly smoky, and nicely contrasted with the crispy carmelized cauliflower.
Of course we saved some of the main course to take home so that we had room to finish with the Yorkie--housemade cocoa puffs (literally coated with cocoa) in minted milk (with fresh bits of various mint greens), mint chocolate chip ice cream, and topped with a housemade peppermint patty. Seriously??  So beautiful and so tasty for anyone who likes cereal, chocolate, and/or mint.  I cannot wait to go back!We went here for dinner twice while we were at a convention.  The person who recommended it had also been there twice that week.  They handle food allergies better than any restaurant I've ever been to.  The cornbread crusted oysters were fantastic and their desserts a-m-a-z-i-n-g.  Definitely try the duck and the smoked scallops.  We did family style dining and ordered small plates and shared so that we could each try all of the amazing dishes.  Definitely must try this place.The food was way too salty. Everything my party of 5 ordered for dinner, minus the scallops, came out drenched in salt. I felt bad because I took my colleagues here for dinner which ended up being awful compared to GW Fins the night before. 
Thankfully the service was better and so were the cocktails (so at least that helped).Awful service! Can't rate the food as we walked out after 30 mins without any drinks yet served or order taken.  Waited 2 or 3 minutes to be acknowledged when we entered as the maître de, bartender and a waiter chatted at the bar, looked at us, and continued chatting. Took 15 minutes to get our waiter to come explain the menu. She then disappeared for another, well we don't know as we left after 15 more minutes. The restaurant was empty, only 2 other parties in the whole place.Expensive, innovative, chill.  
It was weird, we couldn't make a reservation for any time other than 6:45 or 8 even though the restaurant was really empty at that time (???).  We had 2 waitresses that took care of us. We really loved the heirloom tomato salad (yummy, can identify everything in it, easy to eat). The snapper appetizer was a little so-so... we didn't know it was going to be sashimi and there were all these blobs of white and green stuff, where we had no idea what it was. The wasabi blobs with the apple were good. And then it was confusing to try and deal with the seaweed... do you eat it with your hands or not? I wouldn't recommend that dish.
The duck was a pretty serious filling entree, very good though, and the veggies it came with (baby squashes etc) were tasty. The wild mushroom pasta was delicious and they made super filling nutty flavored pasta that was almost like more mushrooms. Cool! I wouldn't eat here every night but it's a good experience. It is a little pretentious and don't expect to understand what everything on the menu is. But in spite of the pretension you don't have to be super dressy or anything.First and foremost they get major points for being open so late. There aren't a ton of options with food in this class that stay open til 2am. 
My friend and I arrived around 1:30am, we didn't want to be "those people" so we asked the staff very intently if it was too late to dine. They insisted that we sit down where ever we like and enjoy a meal with them. Great attitudes are always worthy of a star in my book. 
They had a good looking wine and beer list, plus great cocktails to match. The decor was very earthy with lots of woodwork throughout. Makes for a comfortable and cozy dining experience. 
On to the food! We started with some Face Bacon and Duck Prosciutto. These two dishes were just as inspiring as they sound... the face bacon in particular really sticks out to me. The Sesame pork cheeks with pineapple and dumplings was a perfect balancing act of flavors, although I can see how some people might consider it a bit on the sweet side. We had the caramelized brussel sprouts which were good, but nothing exceptional in my eyes. We then had the smoked cornmeal encrusted oysters and the smoked cohiba scallops. The oysters were pretty good, the manchego foam is a great touch. The scallops were good, they were more novel than anything else in my opinion. 
The absolute favorite thing about this meal however has to be the Yorkie dessert. I am not sure that this has ever happened to me anywhere else, but this dessert completely outshines the whole meal. And that is saying something for such a good meal! The Yorkie has a Chocolate Covered Peppermint Pattie, Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream, and handmade Coco Puffs. It sounds like total munchie food, but it's really so much more. It's complex, it's well balanced, its absolutely Delicious. 
I will be returning here for some more late night yum soon.Root was recommended to us and I'm glad we chose to dine there. The food was excellent and the service outstanding. Great atmosphere! The location was a short walk from the convention center hotels which was very convenient!I don't give 5 star ratings as of late. I don't think I've found a place truly deserving of one in a long time. Root has made every case I can think of to break that trend. In my multiple visits I can't say I've been disappointed even slightly. With anything. One of my favorite places in NOLA by far. The long and short of it:
1. Scallops. There are 10,000 pictures of the cigar boxed scallops on here (mine is the best...... for some reason), and theres a reason for that. They are freaking fantastic. Cigar box presentation aside (which I love) they fall in the top 3 scallops I've ever had, and I loves me some scallops.
2. Meal Customization. This is the aspect that really blew me away. On 2 separate occasions I have dined here with vegetarians. Their veggie options are a bit lacking, but that didn't stop the chefs from going over the top to please their customer and crank out unique off menu veggie entrees. After the delicious meal, our waitress overheard my guest and I discussing our craving for gelato, so she asked the chef to make us some. Watermelon and jasmine gelato was had that night and I could not have been happier.
3. Aloo Gobi. If they have the aloo gobi on the menu, get it as an appatizer. It embodies everything that is right with Indian seasonings.
4. Atmosphere. It's classy but not snobbish. I wouldn't suggest casual attire but they won't throw you out should you choose to show up in jeans.
5. Wine. They have a pretty decent wine list, and the servers are great at suggesting pairings for your meal. Don't be afraid to ask!
6. Price. Its expensive, but well worth it in my opinion.
7. List of things you should be aware of:
    - One of the best date restaurants in the city
    - On weekend nights, you wont get in without a reservation
    -  Seriously, you have to try these scallops
This may be my favorite modern upscale restaurant in NOLA (its hard to compare with old flares like Clancy's and d'Arnauds). I've enjoyed this restaurant so much that I am actually considering giving them 5 stars. Oh, what the hell. 5 stars it is. Take it Root, you deserve it.
Overall Grade: A+I'm a little late in posting, but this was one of my bday stops and I was not disappointed. I was kind of expecting it to just be a trendy foodie joint, and not very good, but was pleasantly surprised. The place was comfortable and inviting. I asked for a recommendation on wine from the server, and it was excellent. The trio of foie was interesting(but tasty,) and visually stunning. The real kicker, however, were the wings that my date got. I don't like chicken and NEVER order it, but these smelled so good and my date was in such ecstasy that I had to try them. They were perfectly cooked and seasoned, and had this little layer of unctuousness under the skin. They are definitely something to go back for; which we plan to do soon. Just don't wear a blue plaid shirt like my companion did, or you'll end up looking like one of the wait staff :-)This is among the worst food in New Orleans, especially given the exorbitant price. Our waiter was completely absurd. He explained EVERY aspect of everything in minute detail, from the fact that I should plan to begin my meal with my fork (duh, as opposed to the knife?) to every ingredient, to his opinion of each item on the menu, to what item on the menu he thinks you should order, to what his girlfriend likes to order. The wine and cocktails (which are special in exactly ZERO ways) begin at $10-12/glass and the beer is also vastly overpriced. From the time of order, it took 1 hour and 15 minutes for our food to arrive. The chairs are uncomfortable,. The restaurant is near-empty. I made the mistake of ordering the "Korean Short Rib Clay Pot" (all 8 of their entrees have incredibly stupid non-descript names). It amounted to a weird bowl of rice, some rubbery vegetables that I had to chew at least 40 bites each to avoid choking (actually counted since I've never had to chew a vegetable to that degree), and the most disgusting chewy meat I've ever had. Was it beef? I think it was beef, but who knows. It had random weird bones in it. It was essentially a poor, rubbery, overcooked flank slab. It took 10-20 knife attempts to cut into reasonable sizes. Bites took 30-40 chews when cut into small sizes. Most of it I left on the plate.
I would rank this among the worst dining experiences in New Orleans (from a local), based on overall quality. Absolutely terrible. I will never go back, and if I hear of someone planning to go, I will tackle them and send them to Rouse's for a Hot Pocket, which would be almost as disgusting and 1/100th the price.This place can be great if they make some small changes or if you order the right things. The boards in the beginning are absolutely fantastic. However, all their dishes had too much salt and it was obvious. The whole fish was almost too salty to eat. The scallops were fabulous! However, it said it came with patatas bravas, but instead I was served soggy potatoes with no spice at all? The duck was also too salty but amazing at the same time. They should relax with the salt on the food!We have been to Root often.  It was one of our favorite places in town.  Dinner last weekend was a significant disappointment.  We always enjoyed expert service and the opportunity to "build" a meal course by course as an opportunity to try new things.  We were pressured--more than once-- to order everything at the beginning despite our request not to do so.  Charcuterie and sausage board was very good--but not exactly what we ordered.  We got some of the waitress' recommendations mixed in with our real choices.  A spanish tempranillo from the wine list was actually bottled and relabeled in California.  Our favorite entrée of scallops arrived cold and limp.  We sent them back, and they returned in two minutes having been microwaved into oblivion.  Couldn't risk a dessert order, so we paid our bill and found a nice bar. Doubt we will return, there are just too many other good places to spend our money.Excellent service. Amazing menu. Beautiful ambiance and fabulous cocktails.
The chef altered an item for me to make it vegan. Absolutely delicious! Highly recommend this restaurant. Tip: Make a reservation.how this restaurant got four beans from the t-p is beyond me.  perhaps they pulled out all the special stops for brett anderson.
granted, the food is good.  and interesting.  memorable?  in a trendy way, yes.  a gastronomical way?  no.
the main problem here?  well, there are two.
first the kitchen and bar are excruciatingly slow.  we arrived at 6:45 for our 7:15 reservation. there were 4 other tables.  our appetizers arrived at 7:50.  by 8:30, we didn't have our entree so asked for the bill, sans food that had not been delivered.  all that sat on our table between apps and dinner was water.  (the couple across from us waited 20 minutes for a requested second glass of wine--i know because the acoustics are so bad you could hear him.  the table behind us left after waiting for appetizers that never materialized).
now, our waiter explained that the lag time between ordering and actually seeing your food (if you have memory problems don't go here--you'll forget what you ordered before your food arrives!)...was due to the creative nature of the food.  well, ok.   if that's the case then tell folks that when they order or, better yet, when they sit down (you also might ask if a loved one knows where they are as they'll be gone for days before completing the meal).  
but the biggest problem?  the host or manager.  i've been eating out for, well, my entire life.  shrines and dives.  ritzy places and my neighborhood gas station (awesome fried chicken).  this guy?  when he found out that we wanted our bill and escape before hunger rendered us unconscious, he asked why.  i explained that his restaurant had the slowest service i'd ever experienced and that, approaching two hours, we didn't want to stay.  he took the bill and my credit card, disappeared behind a wall and returned 45 seconds later.  where he, i kid you not, flicked my card at me and said "we just want you to leave."
we did.
and went to mr b's.  where my dinner companion--the gm at a french quarter hotel--and michael, the bartender and, well, the entire bar crammed of happy patrons all agreed that that was, hands-down, the worse dinner experience in new orleans.  ever.We have had some of the most memorable dining experiences at Root. Not only is the food innovative and delicious, but the staff is knowledgeable, helpful, and so friendly. The atmosphere is relaxed and makes you feel like you can stay and hang out at the bar for hours (which we typically do...) It's one of the places I take people who want to experience true, talented cooking and everyone is always blown away!What a hidden gem. I can't believe it wasn't busier in there but I'm also glad. The drinks are super creative and the food it fresh, complex and perfectly presented.A very belated review from VDay 2013. What a cool, rare contemporary/experimental dining experience in New Orleans! 
Fois gras sampler, a chef's creation to demonstrate his molecular gastronomy techniques. The cotton ball and ice cream pearls were very cool! I can still taste the creamy foie gras with a hint of sweet on my tongue. mm
Drink and Entree - not so memorable
Mint pistachio dessert sampler- One of the best desserts I've had in all of New Orleans and New York combined! Light and not so sweet, infused with flavors beyond just sweet.
Kitchen is open late night, from 12:00-2:30 am there is a night-owl discount of 35%!Great food and service with surprising dishes for all. I had been meaning to try Root for a long time so we were excited to go for a meal and cocktails. The cheese and charcuterie menu looked good but we decided to go for appetizers and entrees with some cocktails. The cocktails were modified to our taste and we shared a fois gras app that was incredible accompanied by fluffy brioche. We also tried a shrimp nacho appetizer that was very well presented and smoky but not as good as the fois gras which was to die for. As main, I had the Chilean seabass with ghee and lentils that was delicious and lighter than I excepted, and my friends also enjoyed their dishes, the oxtail pasta and pork belly which was well balanced and sweet. We skipped desserts and instead tried the cotton candy fois gras lolypop with pop rocks. Fun, exciting and delicious.OH MY GOD YES EAT HERE!
Our party of 5 foodies ordered many cocktails and appetizers here. Everything was delicious and creative and amazing. We will be back the next time we're in new orleans!
I had no objections to the service; our waitstaff was charming, if casual. Ambiance and dress was relatively casual for their pricepoint and quality of food; a suit was not out of place, but neither were shorts and a T-shirt.Just a few more minutes.   
They should change the name of this place from ROOT to Just A Few More Minutes.  
Pros:
- Great spot in the warehouse district
- Really tasty food
Cons:
-Took 65 minutes from order to delivery of food for a group of six after 1pm 
- Uninspired wait staff that seemed more interested in projecting Hipster than hustling to prepare our lunch
- Seriously over priced even for the trendy warehouse district of NOLO. Our bill came to $165 for lunch with six guests.   They even treated themselves to a 20% gratuity that most definitely was not deserved.  
Just a few more minutes.......
Sadly, I wanted to enjoy this place.  It was a bit quirky looking and the reviews seemed to suggest that it was something special.  
Just a few more minutes....... 
If you are not interested in a 1.5 hour+ lunch, this place is not for you.   If you are not into hipster wait staff prancing around, this place is not for you.   If you are not interested in overpaying for food then this place is not for you.   With all the food options in the NOLO downtown/warehouse district this place just does not rise to the occasion.  
Just a few more minutes.......
The only possible reason I can find for the high ratings is that either my party of six was just not cool enough for this joint or the normal clientele is just into sub-par experiences.   What a waste of our time and money.   Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere for a good lunch spot.    
Just a few more minutes and you can be at a better place than Root.I have to admit I was a little skeptical at first. But the food was delicious and the service was good. Big portions too. The charcuterie board was full of tasty meats and sides.  It was a little confusing to order, but the waiter gave us descriptions of the various meats and sausages.  I also ordered the cheeseburger and it was really good. It had grilled onions on it and a good, smoky flavor. Altogether, it was too much food.  It's a little pricey, but it was worth it. It was a food adventure I'd recommendSome very unusual and innovative items on the menu.  Expertly served, presented, and absolutely delicious!  Who would have thought scallops prepared and served in a cigar box?  Incredible dish!  All incredibly different but not too far "Out there".
Service from all staff was attentive and efficient.  Never too much or too little.  Staff really "Gets it" and knows their stuff. Save room for desert.  You won't be disappointed. Five stars!  Originality, staff, delicious!Dinner was so amazing, we went back for lunch the next day.  Made a reservation through OpenTable, which the restaurant didn't have when we got there.  They graciously sat us within 10 minutes, even though it was a convention weekend and they were packed.  The cocktails were great, and the food was even better.  We had the Menage a Foie, which may be the best thing I've ever eaten, unless it was the charcuterie we ordered.  The CBD and Cochon de Lait Porchetta were excellent.  I just wish I'd had room for dessert.  Definitely coming back next time I'm in NOLA!If I were asked to describe my first visit to Root in one word I would say "Carlos."  If asked to describe my first visit to Root in two words I would say "Car. Los."  Seriously.  This guy is like the Director of Fun and Service on the Good Ship (Foie Gras) Lollipop.  Let me set the scene for you...
Phase 1, wherein you request Carlos as your server (I just happened to have Carlos appointed to me, but you must request this if you are to set sail on the Good Ship (Foie Gras) Lollipop).
Phase 2, wherein you peruse the cocktail menu and choose something on which to imbibe.  There are certainly larger and more creative cocktail menus at many restaurants in New Orleans, but the cocktail menu and liquor selection here will not disappoint.
Phase 3, wherein you receive your cocktail and Carlos reads aloud a great portion of the menu to you, highlighting with great vigor some of his favorites.  At this point you will be given a few moments to decide if you would like to feast on a Sausage Fest, nosh on a pressed watermelon and pimenton tuna salad or scrape the marrow from enormous roasted bones.  For my fine lady and me the choice is always a bunch of small plates, and Root has plenty.  A little rundown for you:
1)  Menage a foie:  foie gras "pastrami" with rye bread crouton, foie gras Dippin' Dots (that's right--Dippin' Dots) and the wonderful foie gras lollipop.  Nothing better than lovely piece of foie gras wearing a fuzzy little jacket of cotton candy, perched nicely atop a pointed stick.  
2)  Pressed watermelon and pimenton tuna salad.  
3)  Beef tendon.  Live life on a the edge for a bit and enjoy this somewhat sketchy sounding piece of deliciousness.  Tendon sounds pretty filthy, I know, but at Root it is sliced thin like deli meat and nearly melts in your mouth.  Carlos really loves the tendon.  Take his advice and eat the damn tendon!
4) Louisiana pickled shrimp.  Read about these on the menu.  Delicious!
Phase 4, wherein you wipe your mouth (hopefully with a napkin), sit back in complete satisfaction and begin thinking about what you'll order the next time you sail the high seas with Captain Carlos.  
Cheers!Very friendly wait staff. Stranger was a little spicy for me, but what a kick! Buttermilk wings were so good, I ate them before I could photograph. Morrocan lamb merquez was also good. No wait.I was quite daring to order the grilled duck heart salad, but I do not regret it at all. Beautiful presentation, great service, and charming atmosphere.Really a 3.5, but I'll round up since this was my first visit. If your into charcuterie, this a great place to try. See pic. You can create your c plate for 10.00 a meat choice. We let the chef choose. Was very good. Duck was excellent and my smoked scallops were cooked well. Serving in a cigar box was a bit kitschy. Our server knew his product and was enthusiastic about their establishment. We were disappointed with the deconstructed cheesecake.. Too "artistic" and not enough to let someone have a bite.Was a great meal. Service was a little funny and decor was a bit strange but no complaints about the meal. Good place to take people and nice menuAmazing food, I am not confident in what we ate, but it was amazing. We just ordered the Board and devoured it .Was excited to try Root. I won't be back again. There really wasn't any redeeming qualities. The greeter seemed bothered that we came in. It was over 10 minutes before our waiter came. Another few minutes just to get a glass of water. Another 10 before he came back to take our order. While we were eating our appetizers our food came out, they saw that we were eating still and turned around and put it back in the kitchen. We were done with our apps almost 10 more minutes before they brought out our food. They may have microwaved it to heat it back up because that chicken was the rubbery and dry. To close, they gave us a check for $100 more than what it should have been.(we eventually got the correct bill) I hate to write a bad review but we went there because of reading the great reviews about it and I hope my friends don't waste there time and money.CURED MEATS GALORE!!!!!  That's the best part about this place!  The two dishes I tried were good, but not show stoppers.  Granted I went for lunch and I see that the dinner menu has some things I'd love to try....next time :)  
But really, I could just go there and make a meal out of wine and meat.  Fantastic!A new twist on food.  Quaint place near the convention center.  They put a great flare on some foods and I can't wait to try something else.  I ordered a vegetarian dish called Aloa goobie (not sure of the spelling) and it was so delicious - spicy and tasteful without anyone flavor over powering the others.
One of my dinner companions had a pasta dish and he said it was really good.
If you are a meat and potato eater and like the ordinary, this place is not for you.  
Service is excellent.The drinks were great - I'll give them that - but everything else was mediocre, from the reservations on. 
We were a large group, at least a dozen, and the restaurant called the day before the reservation demanding a final head count because they were going to be so busy (off-season Wednesday night) and said they were going to charge a flat rate for every person who didn't show up. When we arrived the place was empty (maybe 2 tables with customers?) but we still had to wait at the bar for 30 minutes while they set us up. As noted, the drinks were awesome. 500 stars to the bartenders.
Appetizers were humorously named (face bacon, sausage fest) but flavors were flat and textures were generally unpleasant. 
Mains were hit and miss. Note to self: never order anything called a 'goat box' again. Chicken was undercooked. Scallops were rubbery. Way too much emphasis on clever presentation and not enough consideration for the people who are paying to eat here.
Pass.It's been one month since our New Orleans trip and I am still thinking of my dining experience at Root, (as it was more than just a dinner). 
We walked from our hotel (Ambassador) on a rainy night and were warmly welcomed by the hostess. (Reservations recommended) Our server was both charming and knowledgeable, guiding us to some great wine selections. 
The menu items are impressive! Think of food deconstructed, reinvented and beautifully plated. We started with the Compressed Watermelon Salad with avocado dip-in-dots (every bite was a celebration in the mouth). Next the Cohiba Smoked Scallops which came to the table smoking in a cigar box (amazing). Ending with the Moroccan Goat Boxes, (which were highly recommended by our server) and I'm glad I was open to the suggestion as everything on the plate complemented each other making for our very memorable, extraordinary dining experience.Came to Root for a couple of drinks only. The drinks did not disappoint. The menu has been recently updated by the bartender and he did a great job adding some kick to the drinks.Dinga dong ding!  Only 1 review for Root?  Well, allow me to add the second!
I ate here last night with a friend of mine for one of my birthday dinners.  It was my first time, and it was amazing.  I had the gulf fish and my friend had the scallops.  My fish was amazing and I sampled the scallops, and they were great too!  They came in a cigar box because they are "smoked".  How cute is that??
Also, for the appetizer, we got the Aloo Gabi which is basically grilled cauliflower and potatoes in a yummy sauce.  It was a little spicy, but I loved it.
For dessert we had the "Yorkie" which is a frozen york peppermint pattie served with mint ice ceream, coco puffs (yes, the cereal) and milk.  It was like a fancy pants breakfast and it was awesome.
My friend has already been here about 5 times since they have opened, and I can see why.  The food is amazing, the atmosphere is nice and the staff is great!
Oh, and they are open until 2am on Fridays and Saturdays, so if you are in the mood for some good food at a late hour, this is the place.I came here with three other people for a friend's birthday while here for a work conference. There were a ton of open tables but none were "available" due to reservations, so we did first-come, first-serve seating at the bar.
Throughout the whole dinner there continued to be plenty of tables open so it was a little annoying (considering we dropped almost $250) that they would not seat us at a table and instead we had to sit next to one another at the bar.
The little salad before the meal was almost a practical joke in terms of the size but at the same time whatever they drizzled over the top of it (I couldn't hear because I was 5 people away from the server as he announced what it was) was delicious.
I got the grilled chicken vermicelli noodle bowl. It was okay - I wouldn't say it was fantastic. The only "light" sauce provided was fish stock based and I do not eat seafood. I tried the pork cracklins and they bordered on stale.
Evidently the pork belly was delicious but I didn't try it, and the "Menage a Foie" was "interesting."
The cocktails were unique but over priced - and the atmosphere in general was a bit too pretentious for me.
But overall, the food wasn't awful so to be fair I can't give any less than three stars - for the whole table issue and the prices.The atmosphere was fun and def modern. We came in for happy hour and loved the music as well. The food was phenomenal. I had the Korean Short Rib Clay Pot: Jazzmen Rice, Fish Sauce Caramel, Kimchi, "6 Minute" Egg, Charred Scallions, Szechuan Beef Tendon. The Pork was delicate and full of flavor. We also ordered Cohiba Smoked Scallops, which were served in a cigar box. The scallops were cooked to perfection but the favors were a bit different. Overall, I love how creative this place gets with the food.I've been to Root 4 times now and each time it keeps wowing me. 
We went for a birthday celebration and ordered an array of food. Started off with the sausage fest, and what a festival it was! There was plenty of sausage and delicious fresh pickled veggies to go around. The sausages were each unique and very tasty, leaving us arguing which one was the best. Along with the sausage we ordered the Louisiana Pickled Shrimp. They were pretty tasty but there were only 3 eggs on the plate, and plenty of sausage which was unfortunate because the eggs were delicious! Filled with the normal deviled egg mixture but also a delicious mousse. 
For entrees we ordered the "KFC" Korean Fried Chicken Wings, which were fantastic, the Aloo Gobi, which had delicious flavors, Lacquered Pork Belly, which was very tasty but I would have wanted it a little crispier and the Vermicelli Rice Noodle Salad Bowl, which was delicious and one of my favorites. Each of these plates was perfect for sharing and having family style. 
Now if you like typical desserts this is not your place. Each dessert reminded me of a breakfast cereal that I grew up eating. The "ROOT Beer" Float had apple jacks, The Bergamont Bread Pudding reminded me of cinnamon toast crunch, the Sweet Corn Flan (no breakfast cereal but delicious and my favorite!) and finally the Yorkie which has cocoa puffs.  My only disagreement was that the caramel ice cream was too salty. 
I highly recommend you try this place if you haven't.Absolutely phenomenal. Literally everything we tried for dinner was either the greatest or close to greatest course we have ever had in New Orleans (and I'm a local!)
Only downside may be that the atmosphere is kind of odd. It is a nice restaurant trying to be laid back, with the garden chairs they have at Pinkberry juxtaposed with clean, streamlined white leather booths. The waiters all wear black converses. Interesting. Regardless, it is still warm and inviting.
We started with their Smoked Cornmeal Encrusted Louisiana Oysters --oh my word. This is all I can say. I can also say orgasm in the mouth, which may not even do it justice.
For our main courses, my friend got the Coriander Scented Grilled Gulf Fish which he loved and I got Cohiba Smoked Scallops. The scallops were cooked to the perfect texture and were seasoned so well. They came in a cigar box (gimmicky perhaps?), and they really were smoked with a very slight bitter flavor you might expect from the end of cigar. YUM I promise you.
Being the fat kid that I am, we had to get 2 desserts. My friend chose the Sweet Corn Caramel Flan Corn--meh. The flan was much to soft, not the custard texture I expect (and love). I got the Yorkie, and for all my fellow cereal lovers (I currently have a collection of 6 cereal boxes in my pantry--family size) you will LOVE this desert. Homemade coco puffs and a peppermint pattie? Yesh please. I am entering a blissful food coma just thinking about it.
Will definitely be back. Maybe today.Amazing! Had the smoked black bean pork belly, incredible flavor! 
In town for business, unsure of the area, but felt at home here. In no time, the bartender was pouring samples and providing great insight on gin and cocktails, awesome experience!I don't know which was better -- the food or the service; both were outstanding. My dining partner and I had dishes from every part of the menu and everything was delicious. The wine list was a nice treat, as well, in that it had bottles on it that I don't normally see.Upon planning my trip to the big easy, I received dozens of tips on restaurants from many friends. This was my third trip to New Orleans, yet there are so many restaurants I have yet to check out. So much to eat and never enough time.
Of the many suggestions I received, one stuck out. This was from Todd of Tasting Tampa. Todd told me we had to try Root and  my parents are still talking about their meal, one of the best we had in New Orleans.
Root - a restaurant located in the Warehouse District of Nola by Chef Phillip Lopez, who proudly offers modern American cuisine rooted in traditional flavors and techniques. You simply have no idea what this Chef is capable until you try it yourself. My parents mentioned several times that they didn't think Chef Lopez slept at night, that his mind must work 24-7 to have this amount of creativity and presentation. I agree.
Todd told me that we had to get two items off the menu - Face Bacon and Foie Gras three ways.
First, the Face Bacon, something I purposely didn't google prior to eating. It was very smokey, tender and delicious. I still haven't googled it but it was seriously good.....
Second - the Foie Gras three way.
In this trio, we had Foie Gras dippin dots with a coconut consommé. Words cannot express this dish. Gabe and I were spoon fighting over it. It plays tricks on your mind - especially if you grew up on Dippin Dots.You expect a cold sweet treat yet you get a very rich and savory bite that melts in your mouth. Amazing (I can technically say Amazeballs here).
Next up is the Foie Gras Cotton Candy with strawberry pop rocks in the middle. When I tell you this is the best thing I have ever ate, in my life - I am not joking. It was so buttery, rich, decadent and light! Perfection in a bite.
My father ordered the Louisiana Pickled Shrimp Shrimp Stuffed Deviled Eggs, Truffled Egg Yolk Mousse. If you know me, you know that I am not big on truffle, so the mousse was hard for me but the shrimp was delicious and overall, a very beautiful presentation.
Moving to the the entree's, Gabe didn't get passed line one on the menu - the Smoked Veal Pastrami Sandwich (Marbled Rye, Fennel Choucroute, Gruyère, Pickled Rutabaga Rémoulade). In his words, the best thing he has ever ate in his entire life. The best sandwich he has ever had in his life. The best pastrami he has ever had in his life - ok you get it. The boy loved this!
 My Mom ordered the Louisiana Oyster Pó Boy (Cornmeal Encrusted Oysters, Bread & Butter Pickles, Smoked Tomato Buttermilk, Bitter Greens) which was also delicious. Yet three days later, she was still talking about Root's homemade ketchup. Root makes everything from scratch and this ketchup was no joke. PS Root, if you read this, please let me know if I can order some of your house-made ketchup, I would receive worlds #1 daughter award - thanks!
Now it's my turn - I went to New Orleans and ordered a Banh Mi. Yeah, it is safe to say I have an addiction to Vietnamese cuisine. I couldn't help it though....it had the delicious Face Bacon we feasted on earlier which Chef turned into a jam! Vietnamese Bánh Mì (Jambon Persillé, Chicken Liver Pâté, "Face" Bacon Jam, Pâté de Campagne, Kewpie Mayonnaise, Fresh Herbs). Boys and Girls, this is unlike any Banh Mi you have ever had. YUM.
Onto dessert..............
Only a Chef as talented as Phillip Lopez could concoct this...adult coco crisps, technically known as the  Yorkie (Chocolate Covered Peppermint Pattie, Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream, Coco Puffs, Minted Milk). It was truly delicious and I ate myself into a coma.
Also presented and well received Indian Falooda  - the most beautiful Falooda I have ever layed eyes upon in my life (Louisiana Citrus, Rehydrated Basil Seeds, Blueberry "Vermicelli", Meyer Lemon Thyme Sorbet, Moroccan Coconut Milk). It was so light and flavorful - a perfect ending to a perfect meal.
So do yourself a favor. If you are in New Orleans and want to have an out of this world meal, go to Root.  Don't give it a second thought, just go. You and your taste buds will thank me later.Very nice, killer scallops and chorizo apps. Excellent menu, great experienceDO NOT GO HERE if you want standard New Orleans fare (standard anything for that matter)
Unequivocally one of the best dining experiences in New Orleans. The food is innovative, light-hearted, delectable.  But it's not just about the food.  The atmosphere is casual, the service is attentive, and the cocktails, genius. What I had
To eat:
Apple and Radish Salad
Blanquette de Veau (a play on the French classic)
Sweet Corn Caramel Flan
To drink:
Horse Whisperer (House-infused Carrot Vodka, House-made Allspice Simple Syrup, Ginger Ale, Devil's Salt)
Mule Tender (Pearl Cucumber Vodka, House-made Jalapeño & Lime Simple Syrup, Ginger Ale)
SauternesRoot NOLA is an unexpected but delicious find in the CBD area of New Orleans. Chef Phillip Lopez is as creative as he is passionate, coming up with techniques, pairings, and dishes most people would never dream of.
Our table tried the Lamb Sausage beginner, their term for appetizer, and it blew our minds. The pairing of delicious and spicy lamb with tangy strawberry mustard and assorted pickled delights entranced our tastebuds and left us craving more.
Another table favorite were the cornmeal encrusted oysters served in a smoky Cohiba box. The presentation was perfection; when the waiter opens the box upon arrival at the table, the smoke pours out enveloping you with the delicious scents of the fried oysters. The manchego foam on top was an excellent addition to a perfect dish.
As evidenced by the lack of crumbs on each of our party's plates, all the dishes were amazing. I would definitely recommend Root to anyone looking for an exciting and delicious evening.
PS The waitstaff and bartenders are cute too, which definitely help the ambiance.We stopped by here for happy hour one night.  They have awesome craft cocktails on their happy hour, and one option is to allow the bartender to make you something with whatever alcohol you tell him to make it with.  After I told him that I wanted something with vodka, he made me a smooth vodka cocktail that was strong yet refreshing with lime.  It was really nice.  They also have a charcuterie plate on their happy hour for 15 dollars, which is a good deal, especially after having seen the dinner menu.  The bartender informed us that the happy hour charcuterie is comprised of whatever the chef decides to put on, but all of it will be artisan cured meats.  When the plate came out, there were three different meats with fruits and pastes to go with, as well as rustic bread slices.  We liked most of the meats, but there was one that was basically bacon fat that ended up being the only thing left on the plate.  Overall, this  is a nice restaurant with high-end food and creative libations.Saturday May 9, 8:30pm reservation
We arrived just after 8, and were able to be seated immediately even though our reservation was not until 8:30.
Servers:  Both were attentive as needed but did not hover, allowing us to enjoy out meal and each others company.  They knew the food and were able to answer all questions we had about ingredients.
Drinks:
Reasonably Corrupt Black Lager by Great Raft (Craig)
Havana Tradicion Rioja, Spain 2012 (Judy)
The taste I had of Craig's beet was nice.  I loved my red wine.  Easy drinking with a nice flavor.  It complimented the beet salad and was good with my entree as well.
Salads:
Roasted Beet Salad - Honey compressed beets, bacon vinaigrette, sunflower seed puree, beet chips, sweet potato hay, bleu cheese
Crispy Pig Ear & Warm Giardiniere Salad - Black brioche, charred brussels sprouts, shaved pecorino, green peppercorn anchovy dressing
Although both salads were good, Craig​ and I both agreed that the beet salad was the superior salad.  It had a wonderful flavor and the crispy strands of sweet potato added a nice texture to the salad.  The pig ear was crispy, but there was so much of it compared to the rest of the plate it was a bit overwhelming.  I would have liked the see more of the brussels sprouts mixed in.
Entrees:
Black Laquered Duck (Craig) - Wild mushrooms, snap beans, rutabaga sardalaise, pickled red pearl onions, pan jus
Cohiba Smoked Scallops (Judy) - Chorizo dust, caramelized cauliflower, pimenton patatas bravas, black garlic fennel choucroute
Craig's duck was tender and not fatty as I usually find duck to be.  It had a very nice flavor.  The scallops were brought out in a closed cigar box, opened upon serving.  The 4 scallops inside were huge.  I cut one into quarters and ended up dividing each of those again to eat.  The chorizo dust really brought out the flavor of the dish.  Best scallops I have ever had.  The cauliflower and potato were also very good.  
Desserts:
Coffee & Cardamom (Craig) - Whipped dark chocolate, caramel kettle corn, espresso genoise, corn pops ice cream, cardamom gelee
Strawberry Lime Cheesecake (Judy) - Graham cracker presse, agave lime strawberries, citrus confit, frozen mezcalrita
Rather than serving a heavy chunk of dessert on a plate these were beautifully presented.  The coffee & cardamon was artfully created in a zigzag across the plate, while the cheesecake was arranged in small pieces in a half circle.  Craig's was delightfully chocolaty with the interesting crunch factor added by the popcorn.  The drunken tart strawberries with the crunchy graham cracker bits was wonderful with the cheesecake.
All in all a wonderful meal.Visited this place touted as one of the more interesting restaurants in NOLA, working with molecular gastronomy ideas, but found it disappointing. 
-Tried the 'menage a foie' which was beautiful in conception and visual appeal but the flavors and textures didn't do well together - it was actually a little nauseating.
-Aloo Gobi: probably the best thing of those ordered, because I happen to like tumeric and the vegetables were done well but after awhile, it was just like, vegetables with turmeric sauce, not alot of other flavor notes
-Ribeye? Kind of a fatty rendition with a whole lot of oily/saucy vegetables piled on top
-Fatty Pork Bibimbap (rice bowl) - there were some items of interest in the bowl, but it was so rich that I ended up gravitating towards the rice at the bottom of the bowl.
I don't know what the origin of the name Root is but there were few 'roots' or vegetables encountered here. There were no green vegetable side dishes or entrees here; but there was an extensive Charcuterie menu to start; kind of unbalanced in conception.
Plus, we were pleased to see some of our favorite wines here but disgusted at the high mark-up compared to restaurants even in NYC where we are from.Don't bring your own wine...the corking fee is an unacceptable $25!
For appetizers, I've had the ménage a foie, crispy pig ear and charred Brussels sprout salad, and a couple of the grand charcuterie boards. The ménage was a bit disappointing, as the three preparations overshadowed the delicate, yet rich, flavor of foie gras. They were creative, yes, but at the expense of the star ingredient.
Prior to dining at Root, I had not tasted pig ear...My childhood pets would be jealous. Salad is boring, but Root brought it to new heights, with ingredients forming a gestalt on the fork.
The charcuterie platter is a cook's dream, but so I don't forget...the house-made pickles on the board are the best I have ever had, the flavors going way beyond salty and vinegar-y. Three cheers for organs! Beginning with the chicken liver parfait, I was greatly satisfied by the fact that the "truffle-scented" description was not a lie. The undeniable and unsubstitutable aroma-more-than-flavor hovered like fog on a mountain road over each bit of smooth and unctuous parfait. It paired perfectly with the accompanying rolls, which were firm but low-gluten, so they disintegrated in your mouth, just like the parfait! 
The CBD: combining multiple meats, and their fats, grinding some to fill the other, and poaching to preserve every molecule of flavor and moisture is culinary engineering at its finest. I cannot hold out on talking about the lamb pancetta anymore. Let's face it...Lamb' prestige is largely due to its fat. Sliced thinly, a salty cross-section of lamb belly melts on the tongue instantly, spilling over and tantalizing every taste bud.
Headcheese is genius, both in name and preparation. Harvesting a hog's head of its goodies would otherwise be tedious beyond comprehension. Instead, every morsel releases from its carrier, and after the cooking liquid is chilled, it sets solid, the matrix now suspending all forms of pork face meat. Root's version was authentic, to be sure. The meat was copious, the gelatin mouth-watering, and I found a small tusk in one bite. My dining partner was understandably disgusted at the tiny, plaque-covered tusk. I chalked it up to a job well-done!
For entrees, the lamb loin was not overwhelming, considering the bar Root set for itself in prior courses. It was chewy, and chewy lamb is not appetizing. The duck, however, was superb. In fact, I was reminded of it when I later had the duck wings, similarly prepared at Emeril's. The skin at Root was not quite as crisp, but the flavor in the glaze was more complex. Atop moist, salty, medium-cooked meat, it is memorable among every duck dish I have ordered. Pappardelle is my favorite pasta. Root cooked it perfectly. Bolognese might be the richest, heaviest, and most concentrated style of tomato sauce. Wait! I take that back. Ragout has it beat, but only slightly. Root's was a vegetarian version. Unless it's a classic dish, defined to be vegetarian, I hold a presumption against enjoying any dish being enhanced by making it vegetarian. That said, Root overcame its burden of persuasion, and I would gladly order it again...with a side of black-lacquered duck. The smoked scallops, presented in a cigar box, was pretty cool. However, scallops, like other bivalves, rely on their essential juices to provide flavor. Overcook them, and you are left with rubber stoppers, ready to plug rum bottles. Root did not overcook the scallops, but smoking naturally desiccates foods, hence it is one of the oldest food preservation methods on earth. The flavor was still there, but I was unwilling to free it by steeping each bite in my mouth to reconstitute it.
The "endings" at Root were disappointing. We had the olive oil cake, which came with buttermilk ice cream, and some flavorings, like green olive. The cake was dry, which is actually difficult to do when oil is the chosen fat. Kudos to Root! Buttermilk ice cream sounds like a good idea, but it's not! Buttermilk is nearly fat free, so when it freezes, not only are the ice crystals bigger (leading to a grittier texture), the finished product melts at an alarming rate, leaving no finish.
We also ordered chocolate chunk ice cream and Halloween candy ice cream. In its desserts, Root relied on distracting creativity to compensate for lacking quality in the fundamentals. The chocolate ice cream was not chocolate-y. Ignoring my bizarre affliction, which causes me to sneeze whenever I eat really rich chocolate, this had the richness of chocolate soft-serve. Likewise, the little bits of broken up candy bars rode on vanilla ice cream that was not vanilla-y. Shoot for perfect execution of the basics before you start dusting your desserts with olives.
Root is a wonderful place. I have returned, and I will return. It is possible to have a 5-star meal there, but only after wading through the aspects that do not deserve five stars. In my continuing altruism, I provide this map to help you navigate your way to and through a perfect dinner.Gorgeous surroundings and a delicious exotic menu. The only bad part was trying to decide what to try, I wanted to taste it all!Their menu is seasonal which is really nice. The ambiance of the restaurant was really pretty. Felt like I was taking a fancy picnic under the trees. My boyfriend and I order a sausage plate. It consist of chorizo and Filipino sausages. The plate itself was gorgeous. I enjoyed the Filipino sausage the most but my only complaint of the sausage that it was too salty. So I had to eat it with the pickled vegetables. The pickled mushrooms was very good. For appetizers we order the foie gras lollipop and this shrimp dish I forgot what it was called but our server recommended it. The lollipop was good. I liked the fact it was foie gras cotton candy and it had pop rocks so it was fun it eat. The shrimp app. Was not so great. I didn't enjoy the onion ash neither the shrimp. It was overcooked. I took a bite and told them to take it away. My favorite was our scallop entree with parsnip. The scallops were cooked perfectly and the roasted parsnips was delicious. At the end they gave us apple and serrel sorbet? It tasted like apple grass. Sounds weird but it was very yummy. Overall this restaurant was ok/good. I would give this place another try during a different seasonI love New Orleans. I visited Tulane during my search for colleges and was devastated when Katrina hit the city only weeks later. When the scholarship money failed to flow during the city's reconstruction, I went elsewhere and pined for the day I would be able to return. During that fateful trip, though, I feel like I got through the typical things-- Acme Oyster House, Central Grocery, and, of course, a rich, rich, classically decadent meal at K-Paul's. So upon my return to the Crescent City, I wanted to try something different. Enter Root.
When you're going to splurge, splurge hard. 
I met up with a couple of friends from college and entered Root, quiet early on a Saturday night. We parked less than a block away, catty-corner from the restaurant, and strolled in. Handed menus, we giggled with glee and decided to go all-out.
We began with pickled Louisiana shrimp and deviled eggs. The former were exquisite-- plump, sweet, and slightly briny-- topped with chives and bits of pickled jalapeno for the gentlest of heat. The deviled eggs? I'm only growing into a love of hard-boiled eggs (I've always loved them in all other iterations, okay?) but these were delicious and mild, with a creamy, slightly tangy with mustard and a light homemade mayo filling.
Continuing with the appetizers, we ordered the andouille spoon bread topped with fried oysters. As a lover of anything involving cornmeal, I was thrilled with the spoon bread, sweet, soft, and filled with flavorful flecks of that local smoky sausage delicacy. The fried oysters were covered in the perfect amount of breading, tasted surprisingly light, and were the best rendition of the local favorite I had during my entire trip, although their crispiness suffered slightly for being atop the wet spoon bread.
Following this, salad and sausage arrived. The sausage was of a slightly sweet, gently spicy and salty Portuguese variety. Served on a cutting board with homemade crisped lavash, a savory chocolate condiment, abundant piles of Korean pickled vegetables, and home-prepared mustard in a tiny tube, the presentation was gorgeous and delicious.  The salad that arrived at the same time acted as a perfect foil, light with microgreens, berries, and roasted beets but beefed up with crispy bits of face bacon, gorgonzola, and a rich balsamic.
Yeah, we got entrees too. All of us got the Cohiba smoked scallops, unable to resist the gorgeous presentation and tantalizing-sounding description. Maybe I'm just an ignor'nt Midwesterner who's had too little seafood in her life, too poorly prepared (sigh!), but these scallops were the most divine preparation of 'em I've had. Lightly smoky and seared to caramelization on both sides, they were mild and creamy with a slight kick from the chorizo dust-- whatever that is. The roasted vegetables held their shape but were delightfully soft, decadent, and had equally impressive caramelization. Cauliflower, a favorite of mine, was transformed and perfectly complimented the melt-in-your-mouth sweet onions. Our entrees were accompanied by brussels sprouts which, while good, still have the pants beaten offa 'em by Cochon Butcher's.
As we were handed the dessert menus, we cringed. We were all so full but willpower was not winning out. We opted for the Yorkie, two homemade peppermint patties atop cocoa puffs and ribbons of mint, all topped in a peppermint infused milk. Refreshingly cool perfection.
From the delightful, creative cocktails to the fantastic twists on local favorites, you can't go wrong here. Service is on-point, with servers that are polite but still informal and un-stuffy enough to make recommendations and converse with the table. Ambiance is cool, trendy, and doesn't feel pretentious or fussy like some of the older establishments in town. Totally a highlight of my trip and a great locale to catch up with foodie friends over extraordinary dishes, I can't wait to visit again and send vacationing friends too.Food here was interesting, but the tastes just didn't work perfectly for my table. Everything felt a bit sweet, while we all wanted a bit more spice. Not a terrible meal, it was more interesting than amazing foodwise. 
Service was top notch and the atmosphere at the restaurant was quite good. However, based on the reviews from the local papers I was ready for my tastebuds to be wowed.Ok so I need to say that I'm writing this review bc of the foie trio and the charcuterie board. The foie trio was one of the most exciting and delicious dishes I have ever had period. On par with and reminiscent of dishes I've had from minibar, WD~50, Joel Robuchon, and a fabulous dish I had a few years ago at Stella. The entire time I consumed the dish I seriously "said" Mmmmm about every five seconds. Seriously. So. Good. 
Now for the meat selection. It's super effing good. The parfait madness and the CBD (a ballotine) as they call it rocked my socks. We mixed it up and added a few of the house made sausages to the board as well. Everything was very good. 
The service was incredibly friendly.  Although I didn't find myself loving the desserts I really didn't care. As I said before the trio blew my mind...and yeah the meats, they kill it too.Exquisite food and atmosphere. Great interesting twists on food with great vibe. Beautifully presented food and well made drinks. Can't get enough of this place only wish I was in NOLA longer to work my way thru the entire menu. 
You must eat here if in NOLA.This place is adorbs. It made me miss all the farm-to-table places back in NYC. Cocktails are tasty and the amount of charcuterie is out of this world. Their famous scallops-in-a-cigar-box was a little hokey for me, but they cooked the scallops perfectly. The duck dish was so damn salty, it was inedible (and I like LOTS of salt). I would have sent it back, but I was on a first date and the other party was paying.  Portions are huge, except the desserts are really tiny. Our waiter had so much knowledge on the dishes, ingredients and techniques.Good food but over rated.  Everyone raves about the scallops but it was my least favorite at the table.  Only 4 scallops too!  
Definitely stay away from the cocktails if you like something strong or something with bite.  Most all of them are weak and not very much flavor.  Stick to the wine.
Deserts are odd.  Good but odd.  Won't satisfy your sweet tooth but maybe your curiosity for trying new things.
Sounds like I am ripping the place apart.  It is a good place.  I am glad I went, the food was good but I probably won't go back.I was in town for work and heard about this from, of all places, a guy at the Apple store. My co-worker and I decided to give the friend food a rest and try Root. We are so glad we did!
We showed up with no reservation, but the hostess was very nice and seated us quickly. The restaurant is very tastefully decorated and the perfect size for a relaxing dinner. I am a fan of weird and crazy food, so the menu was my dream come true. There were so many choice with odd combinations, I had a really hard time not ordering everything off of the menu. We decided on the Aloo Gobi, Pickled shrimp devil eggs, Szechuan beef tendon and the root vegetable salad. 
All the dishes were absolutely spot on. The Aloo Gobi had a nice smokey favor, which I never tasted in other aloo gobi dishes. The Louisiana pickled shrimp was equally amazing, flavorful yet light and fresh. Hands down, the Szechuan beef tendon was my all time favorite. Growing up in a Chinese household, I am familiar with marinated beef tendon, fried tofu, and I am a huge fan of brussels sprouts. I never imagined combining all of these ingredients together. The combination of the three textures and flavors was outstanding and very innovative. 
No matter how good the food is, the service can really ruin a dining experience. Root has some of the best service I have experienced. Our waiters were friendly, funny, informative and attentive. We were never rushed or pressured into ordering anything. It was the perfect evening to end a stressful work week. 
I wish I could wrap Root up and take it back to LA with me. However, I think part of its charm is its friendly New Orleans staff. If this was in LA, I would probably be kissing up to some 20 something actor wanna be, looking to hand out his headshot.Really great duck.  Done with a nice modern glaze but a real half duck cooked properly!    Moist but cooked through!I must recognize a restaurant down the block from where I live for its unique appeal. We have been to Root twice and each time have thoroughly enjoyed our meal. Every dish features fresh ingredients and unusual taste combinations...that really work!
I am a big fan of small plates on menus, so each time I've ordered the Aloo Gobi. The pickled shrimp was excellent as was the Heirloom tomato salad. Tonight my husband had the whole roasted fish, a European version of sea bass called Branzino. It was cooked to perfection.
The staff is friendly, helpful, and obviously take pride in the chef's vision. Ask for the waiter named Rye. He waited on us both times and is excellent.
Why did I only give it 4 stars? It can be on the pricey side. I ordered a club soda on the first visit and it was $3. I also have a beef about restaurants who try from the beginning to upsell with the question "bottled water or tap water?" There's got to be a better, less snobby way to broach the question.
Anyway, thanks Root, it's good to have you in the neighborhood.Haven't even had dessert and had to write this. Best meal (beats Jaques-Imo's)!! Had face bacon to start ( wow!!!! ) and then had the pig ear and Brussels sprout salad! For dinner had the scallops in a cigar box. Can we say this was an amazing meal! Don't skip eating here.In NO for only a couple of days, I happened by the ROOT corner on a walk, and was dismayed to see no free spots to eat at the bar. When I looked at the Yelp comments, I understood that my assessment might be right. Lucked out on reservs for the next day. With dinner partner, started with phenomenal cocktails from the bar, followed by an elegant charcuterie plate. Thought I would have to get a defibrillator for dinner partner, who was swooning over the terrine and the longaniza. The eggplant pickles were delightful. Dined on smoky molasses rubbed duck in total silence.  Desserts divine.  Unlike some yelpers experiences, our waitstaff was competent, friendly and professionally quiet yet attentive.  4 of 5 stars only because I'm not yet dead and one day there'll be that untoppable place......Tops in New Orleans!
You will have to travel to New York city to find anything close to this one. Simply amazing.The wings are amazing. A must have in my opinion. I was closing my eyes and making sounds as I ate them...wing heaven. Also had the manage a foie...looked great but wasn't my thing taste wise...my girlfriend liked it though.I took a quick weekend trip home last weekend from Atlanta and visited Root at the suggestion of my sister. The decor was decidedly not New Orleans-- very loft-y and rustic feeling with a touch of modern. 
We had about 5 or 6 waiters throughout the dinner, which I appreciate. One guy would pour broth or milk or sauce on various dishes, one guy would explain the entrees, one guy was hired on the merit of his amazing mustache... you get the gist.
The cocktails were fine, but nothing to write home about. I can name about 10 different places in Atlanta that have a far more innovative and extensive cocktail menu. But, then again, I'm a major stickler for cocktails. If I pay $12 for a cocktail and I immediately am able to figure out how they made it, you've lost me. Also, I expect a lot as far as alcohol goes from my fun-loving, debaucherous hometown. I had the Strawberry Gunsmoke, which would have intrigued me if I could taste a little more of the smoke essence. It honestly tasted like syrup-y bourbon with a little strawberry juice. Not all that impressive.
Now let's get to the FOOD, which turned the 3 star cocktails into a 5 star meal. This place does molecular gastronomy. You won't find that in anyone else's kitchen in the South except Richard Blais, who really doesn't put as much of it on his menu as you might expect. When I see avocado frozen into "dippin' dots" or foie gras made into cotton candy, I squeal with delight. Many of the items had an air of whimsy-- based on childhood favorites-- and I love that in a meal. 
Our table shared all of our dishes, starting with the grilled compressed watermelon salad. This dish packed so much flavor, my palate got a little tripped out on it. Beautifully cooked sashimi tuna with avocado dippin' dots, compressed cubes of flavorful goat feta, with some microgreens and dressing. Yum!
Then we had the "Menage a Foie." It was a totally bewitching selection of foie gras, including a lollipop with a buttery foie center, covered in foie pop rocks, covered in foie cotton candy. Complete wizardry. 
For entrees, the lacquered pork belly and coriander-scented gulf fish did not disappoint.
Dessert might have been the best part of all. At one point, my friend said, "I need to meet the chef because I'm pretty sure Jesus just made my "Root Beer" Float." All I had to say to my Yorkie was, "Um.. sex butter." So, so, so delicious.
Can't wait to go back next time I'm in town!Root is a really fun, inventive, innovative restaurant and I urge you to go there with an open-mind and an adventurous spirit. The service was excellent and really well-informed, with a real zeal to share knowledge of the food and its preparation. My had a cocktail to start that she said was one of the tastiest she has ever had.  It was called The Stranger and included Blanco Tequila, Lime, Agave Nectar, Cilantro and Sriracha sauce.
The waiter's (Gene) descriptions of menu items were enthusiastic, thorough and really helped explain the dish as food and an art form.  We started with the Truffle Scented Chicken Liver Parfait and another selection on the Charcuterie board with the suggestion of the waiter.  We also ordered the chicken wings which were excellent.  The waiter suggested that we spread some of the pate on the wings and while I was hesitant at first, it made for a highly memorable experience.  The Truffle Scented Chicken Liver Parfait virtually melted on the wings.  This was almost a meal in itself.  Yummm.   I had the Cohiba scallops in the cigar box... I loved the presentation, although I thought the scallops themselves were a bit bland.  I thought the chorizo dusting would give them more of a kick.  My wife had the lacquered duck and it was outstanding.  Tasty and cooked perfectly.    We were so full from out meal that we didn't have dessert, although the waiter's description of the Ménage à Foie, which included a Pate lollipop and pate dip 'n dots had us so intrigued that we came back the next night and ordered it as an appetizer before heading for dinner at another restaurant.
I highly recommend Root for a night of adventure and discovery.Yes, reminiscent of the kind of restaurants we miss from Los Angeles: smaller plates of delectables inspired by love of food and creativity.  Come to Root to explore your palate.  Prices are a bit higher, but the artistry of flavors, textures and presentation is worth it.If you are interested in the most progressive and imaginative restaurant in New Orleans, you need to give ROOT a try.  The menu offers a wide range of interesting dishes ranging from the traditional Indian dish Aloo Gobi done in a very unique way to Cohiba Smoked Scallops. House made charcuterie and sausage offerings are top notch, and the desserts are an absolute must every visit (the best flan preparation you will ever have).  Enter with an open mind and you will leave blown away.  Wine, Beer, and Cocktail list are expansive and well thought out.I love love love this place. The menu knowledge is incredible. The staff is very efficient and are there for you when you get confused with the menu because odds are you will. The menu is full of unique ingredients that are paired together that you wouldn't normally expect. The menu changes which I like because I like variety. Basically is place is awesome and I recommend it for people who are a foodie like meThis place is hip, fresh, has great service and phenomenal food. Our dinner was the best!! Definitely  for foodies. You must try this place!!!Wow this place is amazing! We came on a Sunday night and they weren't too busy, probably didn't need to make a reservation. The inside is chic and comfortable. We were quickly greeted by our server who was so friendly and accommodating. He was so enthusiastic and knew the menu very well and had awesome suggestions, definitely made the dining experience much more memorable! 
We got drinks to starts which I forgot the names of but were both delicious. We started off with pig face bacon and a sheep and goat milk cheese charcuterie board. It came with a bread and flatbread, house made mustard and an assortment of house made pickles. Wow this was amazing! Th board was so pretty and with all the pickles (pineapple, Apple, Brussels sprouts, turnip, and more) it was very fun to try all the different bites. Then we got the fried chicken noodle soup which was very fresh and light. Next the foie gras torchon. This plate was so expertly designed it was incredible! It was accompanied with granola, sauce, jelly, fruits, and toasted brioche which all paired perfectly together. Finally we got the oxtail ravioli which was also expertly made. 
Each dish was prepared to perfection and obviously with a lot of care by the chefs and in combination with the amazing wait staff made this experience unforgettable! Can't wait to try their sister restaurant and bars.Great food. Great service. Fair price. Friendly and inviting.Root is definitely built for adventurous eaters with very complex dishes. I'd recommend going with a group so you can sample a bit of everything, but don't be afraid to bring along your vegetarian friends either.  In general most of the dishes work, but for every home-run (and there were several) just as many fall flat.
The great: 
The pickle plate was tasty and a good way to start (the homemade mustard, our flavor was strawberry was so good we took some of it home).
I'd recommend the menage a foie, since its really is unlike anything else I've ever had, though I just couldn't couldn't get a bite of the lollipop that had a good balance of all the flavors.
The not so good:
The CBD sausage had an interesting mix of ingredients, but very ordinary flavors.
I didn't like the duck, but it was the favorite of one of the other guests.
Skip desserts, they are small and just not very flavorful compared to everything else.I've eaten here 3 times over the past 3 months and have yet to have a bad meal. This had been one of my go-to places when everything else is jammed up. Sitting at the bar, the charcuterie plates are a great mix of meat and pickled vegetables. At the table, the Cohiba smoked scallops is a fun presentation without being over smoked, and the pork belly is great. Service is also good. Highly recommended.My very adventurous foodie husband was in seventh heaven here!  He probably ordered as many of the most bizarre offerings on the menu that he could, and rapturously ate all of them.  His list included smoked pickled beef tongue and rosemary cured guanciale (cheek bacon) for charcuterie, and we both licked the jar clean that contained the Moroccan Spiced Pork & Duck Rillettes.  The various vegetables and fruit pickles served on the board with the meats were very creative and tasty - green strawberries, green tomatoes, chopped fennel, baby carrots fresh out of the ground - and the blueberry mustard in a tiny squeeze tube was so unique and perfect on the flatbread served with all of the above.  We weren't very enamored of the pickled shrimp and deviled eggs that everyone raved about, but the Szechuan beef tendon was spicy and spectacular.  I had the petite greens salad with citrus and ricotta cheese, that was a perfect main for me, after all of the charcuterie.  He had Torchia blood pasta with lamb brain schnitzel and raved over it.  I then had room for dessert, and couldn't decide between 2, so got them both: Indian falooda (citrus, lemon thyme sorbet, Blueberry vermicelli) and Yorkie ( peppermint pattie, mint choc chip ice cream, coco puffs and Minted milk).  The Yorkie was hands down the best - the "coco puffs" were crunchy puffs of dark cocoa and the minted milk was the perfect topper.  They also have a very interesting and generous list of cocktails that you have to try several, just to sample the different taste combinations.  It's a small, fairly noisy restaurant, but we made a night of it, with all our different samplings, and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.unbelievably f'ing delicious.
went alone on a free night in NOLA.  Sat at the bar and watched these guys preppare the food.  wonderful style, wonderful technique, great taste.
Saw some other yelp reviewers comment on the shining appetizers, so foregoing the entrees, i ordered three appetizers:
-  compressed watermelon salad:  was pretty good, very unique and refreshing blend of tastes
-  shrimp and crab-infused deviled eggs:  money!  best freaking deviled eggs i've ever had.
-  a charcuterie plate with smoked ham cheek and various pickled accouterments:  WINNER!  ate this with my eyes closed because it tasted so good.
apparently this place this place specializes in molecular gastronomy with a huge bias to pork.  i would defintiely go back, and this time i would get the Menage a Fois: foi gras three ways, one of them being a lollipop with foi gras and watermelon pop rocks covered in foi gras cotton candy.  you read that right!
also, the cocktails were unique and excellent.
feeling adventurous in NOLA?  GO HERE!This place used to a coffee shop back in the day.  Root is MUCH better! The vibe and decor is Catalunya chic.  It's effortless.  I've been here 3 times.  This place is best with a group of people because the  small plates area AMAZE!  It's difficult to decide which yummy treats to order.  With a group, that's not a problem.  Order as many as you want and the whole table will be perfectly happy.  Make sure you order one of the sausages.  If you're not sure, ask your waiter.  They are well versed in each choice.  My favorite dish is the Louisiana Pickled Shrimp.  They are devil-isious!  Creamy, bit sized yummy goodness accompanied by beautifully pickled shrimp served in an old fashion egg try.  DREAMY!!  The Lacquered Pork Belly is where they lost me.  The tiny  bits of pork belly was completely over whlemed by the Burnt Eggplant Puree.  It didn't help that we were sitting at the bar with very low lighting.  We couldn't find the pork!  Their saving grace is their cocktail menu.  I've tasted just about all of them and was not disappointed.  The y are a little pricey but totaly worth every penny.  I know squat about wine but apparently their selection is top notch.
If you haven't experienced Root go as soon as possible!
One last thing, watch your step walking in especially if you've got platform heals on.I am a big fan. The Grand Board was amazing as was the heirloom tomato salad. I also love that they are a seasonal restaurant and can't wait to see what their next menu will look like.OK, my recent visit was much better than the visit about a year ago, so I owe Root an updated review.
We started with a meat and cheese board, with the CBD, lamb merguez, and a spicy sausage that I can't remember the name of for our meats. I really can't remember the cheeses. I'm gonna blame the fact that we had asked them to surprise us, even though they told us what they were when the board came out. There were 6 of us and I asked for extra pickles, and they gave us a smaller board of just pickles and bread along with the actual board.
I love the CBD. In fact, I voted for the CBD, when we were making our charcuterie selections, so I was pleased when it was as good as I remembered. The merguez was just okay. It was kinda dry. The third sausage was good, but I would have preferred a more exciting charcuterie item. Cheeses were good, all very interesting. Sorry I can't remember what they were.
I ordered the crispy pork belly for my main dish. Everything on my plate tasted delicious. I don't think the menu says that it has Brussels but I'm pretty sure I had some Brussels sprouts, which I loved! My dining companions ordered the whole fried chicken, the oxtail raviolo, the Chilean sea bass, and the fried chicken noodle soup, and everyone enjoyed their meal.
I didn't photograph the desserts because I was too busy eating them, but the coffee & cardamom is everything that you wished for. Order it.
Service was FANTASTIC. I didn't get the same chi-chi we-know-better-than-you vibe that I had during my last visit.The food is fun and tasty. The service is dull and slow. As a restaurant, Root is unique in New Orleans in that it provides a modern and playful twist on tasty ingredients. However, the service is oftentimes painfully awkward and slow. For instances, it took over 35 minutes for an appetizer to appear. However, the entrée appeared less than 8 minutes afterwards. Seems like a bit of poor planning to me. However, if you're not on a schedule, this is a nice place to relax, talk, and enjoy delicious morsels of inventive dishes.Fantastic. The best server we have had in forever. He was over the top great. The root salad was incredible. The wings has this spice that was out of this world. It was a my favorite place to eat in New Orleans.In my flight to New Orleans, I asked The woman sitting next to me for restaurant recommendations since she is local. Root was at the top of her list.
So, I was happily surprised when I saw it was one block from my hotel. We went for dinner on a Sunday night - it was busy but not packed.
Our service was excellent - the wait was very friendly and super prompt. Also very knowledgable on the menu.
We started w A charcuterie board that had the most amazing cheese and great sausages. I don't remember the name of the cheese but it was whiskey soaked, and that's all you need to know :) we also had the lamb sausage and chorizo.
For dinner, we all had the oxtail ravioli. It was delicious - so many flavors.
For dessert we had two - the tropical one that was better than I thought it would be. Tart and sweet. The 2nd dessert had hazelnut and black olive ice cream - sounds like a bizarre combo but it was fantastic 
If you are New Orleans - this is a must visit. It's right near the convention center as well.Face Bacon, Pickled Shrimp & SMOKED SCALLOPS... to die for.  This place is the ONE to look for, so go! The food is absolute heaven. Not to mention they serve a full dinner service until 2am. ROOT holds a special place in my heart.was pretty good food and fun!  If you like deconstructed things, come here.  Weird thing is the dessert is cereal turned fancy!  Also, we made a reservation for 4 and they had no tables, but for 2 they had tables. When we got there we were seated at a table for 4.. we told the hostess and she was not helpful.  Maybe it'd be good to call and confirm?Farm to table meets R&B bar? The aloo gobi was well played, and the scallops were fresh, but did they have to be served in a cigar box? All the food was fresh and made to order, no doubt. I'm giving this three stars because the service was MIA, and the amuse-bouche was over-thought: it just felt like this joint was trying too hard.I had the pleasure of dining at Root last evening, and I was truly blown away. Not only does Chef Lopez' menu explore exciting modern techniques, but each dish is executed and seasoned to perfection, resulting in a meal that impresses, challenges, and ultimately delights the diner. The housemade charcuterie is a perfect way to start the meal, and the assortment of fruit and vegetable pickles served with the charcuterie are equally tasty. I couldn't resist ordering the Menage A Foie, which included a "Foie-lipop", a foie gras PB&J and "Foie-strami", all of which were absolutely delicious. I highly recommend the Cohiba Smoked Scallops for the entree, and also the lamb loin entree was perfectly cooked and well seasoned. Cocktails were properly made, and service was excellent. This is a pricey meal by New Orleans standards, but I live in New York, so this caliber of food at this price point seemed like a steal to me.Definitely read my previous review as well. This place is phenominal and incredibly underrated if you want a top-knotch, INTERESTING meal. If you want a classy, upscale boring meal that you could get anywhere else on earth, by all means, make a reservation at August or any number of other restaurants. Go to root for something COOL.
Having not had good luck with the charcuterie last time, I decided instead to go with their chicken liver pate and rillettes...good choice...they were phenominal. And of course, homemade mustards again (this time strawberry mustard) with all sorts of pickled vegetables and some apricot preserve compote.
The highlight was, surprisingly, chicken wings, and this magically delicious sweetpotato butter. The smoked scallops again were amazing...very glad they still had them.
They need to advertise their foie gras trio as well, and how they make their own custom cotton candy foie gras out of magic.
Again, the place is marvelous. Maybe not every component will be great or what you're expecting, but it will be an experience.My new favorite restaurant on warehouse district.  My goodness the cured meats are delicious and the glazed pork belly is to die for. Definitely will come back again. Yummooo!!!So lets talk about that sweet potato butter. Can you say......A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!! One of the highlights from eating at this experience. The sweet potato is accompanied with the fried chicken wings with biscuits. Me and my friend also had to share: the pig ear salad, BDG sausage plate, and the scallops! Everything was delicious!! Not a bad dish! 
I just wish we had the Root in California! I may have to fly back to NOLA to eat here again. Overall, The root was an AMAZING experience! The food was delicious, fun, and interactive. Excellent service all around.Amazing! Had the scallops in the cigar box and they were cooked to perfection. Started the dinner with the breakfast of champions cocktail (bacon infused bourbon with maple syrup) which was tasty though very strong. My friend had the Charleston tea cocktail which was delicious and perfectly refreshing. The dessert (chai bread pudding) wasn't the tops but I tend to like a more traditional bread pudding. This was much lighter and less sugary. We sat at the bar and the two bartenders who took care of us where charming and attentive. 
Great place for smaller group who want a fun twist on some classic dishes!We were down in NOLA for New Years from NYC.  While my girlfriend and I aren't crazy foodies, we are still very picky with our food simply by virtue of living in NY and making the most of the amazing restaurants.  We made a reservation at Root for NYE.  It was their standard menu (ie no price fix) which many other restaurants in NOLA were doing for NYE, so that was already a plus.
The food and service was EXCELLENT.  The chefs take extreme care in their menu and preparation and our server was equally conscious of making the entire dining experience top notch.  Prices are very reasonable and portions actually huge for a gourmet place like Root.  Cocktail menu was very good and definitely worth even going for happy hour sitting at the bar and getting some of their charcuteries which are a house specialty.  
Of note, the scallops main was awesome.  Comes in an actual cigar box which they open at your table and a small amount of smoke comes out.  They coat the scallops with their homemade chorizo which has been dehydrated into a dust!  Pretty impressive.  My brother had the whole fish (snapper) which was perfectly cooked and I had the duck which was also done just right.  A bit rich, but duck normally is.  Great apps and the meal ended with HOME MADE cocoa puffs along with chocolate peppermint ice cream and cookies.  So good. 
Great meal, great food, great service.Root is everything that is wrong with the "new" New Orleans. I can't say anything bad about the service, it was great, but $85 for a sausage and cheese board? That's absurd! What was on the board I could have recreated for half that price. And with an actual portion of cheese that was more than 2 bites. There are much better options in New Orleans for a reasonable price. I suspect this place with the steak that is $75 will go out of business soon. Enjoyed the ambience, the waitstaff, etc. But the prices for what you get are ridiculous.In terms of service, it takes a lot to piss me off in a restaurant. This place managed it! I will never be back. To be fair, this was awhile ago, but the server was rude and argued with me. It was truly bizarre. The food was overpriced and pretentious-- which honestly I would be happy to overlook if it had, y'know, tasted good. It's really unfortunate that one of the few (only?) places in town doing molecular gastronomy is such a poor example.AMAZING lunch at Root. The beet salad was the best I have ever had. Slivers of sugared citrus peel, candied nuts, fresh chunks of blue cheese with a delicious dressing. I had their homemade lamb sausage which comes with an accompaniment of homemade pickled onions, mushrooms, cukes, peppers, strawberries, and a delicious homemade flatbread (my word). The homemade mustard came in their designed tube. Jennifer, our server, explained our selections and presented them artfully. Don't pass up the opportunity. A culinary delicious experience.I think I've been here like 5 times in one month. Their charcuterie selection is amazing. Their staff is personable and full of comic personality, which I enjoy. My favorite dish so far has been the tomato bolognese, and secondly the duck. Those two dishes are exceptional. 
Great dessert selections. Our favorite is the chocolate mousse because it's nice and light.  
And they're open until 2AM on the weekends!A very good change of pace from the traditional New Orleans restaurants.  Also, a great place to take a large group of people to enjoy tapas style eating, but still have the option to order a personal entree.  The wait staff deserved an A+ for their great attitude and knowledge of what they were serving.
Notables:  Cohiba Smoked Scallops, Ménage à FoieRoot is my new favorite dining experience in NOLA.  The food is an excellent adventure and the service is exceptional with out being snooty!  Root wants you noshing in their restaurant and you know it.  
I will say--you must try the oysters, lobster lasagna, CBD, face bacon, scallops, and beet salad.  The yorkie dessert is so fantastic and I love eating "cereal" in a restaurant setting.  It makes me feel child like.  
Sadly, I was not as impressed with the steak and marrow bones as I was with everything else we have tried.  But unfortunately, I have not found a place in NOLA to satisfy my appetite with beef.  It does not seem to be prepared correctly anywhere in our lovely city...but I digress.
If you want great, fun food and service come to Root!  Oh and they also serve "real" Champagne by the glass, a nice touch for those of us who do not need to polish off an entire bottle during dinner!My husband I I were lucky enough to be invited to dinner here, which was great because I'm quite sure our hosts spent a pretty penny.
We started off with cocktails and charcuterie. A+ on the cocktails! Inventive but accessible list and tasty to boot. I liked all the pickled things on the charcuterie plate and DEFINITELY the lardo; everything else was fine but no wow factor. Then we moved on to appetizers; of those I tasted, I'd say the deviled eggs were my favorite.
My smoked scallops were as delicious as I'd hoped. Husband predictably ordered pork belly. It was good but what I really remember was this smoked vegetable ash smear it was served on. WOW. 
I thought the desserts were more about presentation (and at that, they excelled) than taste. We had the peach crumble and the blueberry clafoutis. Neither impressed my palate. I was really looking forward to the peach buttermilk ice cream with my dessert but it was icy and bland. Ice cream, or gelato, whatever they call it, is pretty easy and they didn't get it right at ALL. However, if I were to go back for anything, which is unlikely since they charge $16 for deviled eggs, I would go back for the Indian falooda. Oh! It was a terrarium of beautiful, edible flowers and accouterments swimming in a pool of geranium milk. I thought this sounded a little crazy but I loved it. 
Appetizers and desserts were overpriced and fell a little flat. Drinks and entrees, while pricey, were worth it.This was the most unique culinary experience I have had anywhere. I highly recommend you try this place with an open mind. You will not be disappointed.Let me stipulate that I have no bias against molecular gastronomy nor its cheeky fellow travelers that seek to astound and mystify as much as nourish; in fact, I am inclined to open my mind to unusual new flavors, textures and combinations. Considering this, one would suppose that I am a prime candidate for Root worship, but that is not the case.
   My meal at Root was actually quite good, though the experience of my companions was a little uneven.
   Starting with the Aloo Gobi, I was pleased with the melange of cauliflower, potatoes, eggplant and corn nuts in a spicy curry-tinged sauce but was surprised at how salty it was...and I am a salt fiend! My whole roasted fish however (speckled trout I believe) was succulent, simple and fresh. 
    My fellow diners elected to split a selection of charcuterie including the face bacon, duck proscuitto, and head cheese. The reviews were fairly good but nobody was blown away (and Root stakes much of its reputation and half of its menu real estate on its house cured meats and homemade sausages) and the restaurant's penchant for gimmickry bordering on silliness began to rear its goofy head. Other plates that hit the table like the pickled shrimp (stuffed into deviled eggs), the smoked & fried oysters (Root is very excited about smoking things...a little too excited me thinks), the sweet tea country fried chicken wings (Root also relies perhaps a bit too much on home-style methods of injecting sweetness into too many dishes...they are really in the bag for sorghum...somebody has been perusing one too many colonial cookbooks!) and pork belly (deemed by my best buddy Richard to be good, but nothing to do multiple back flips over). My girl Paige and I split the Yorkie, another gimmick filled dish that was quite good but a little too much and too silly by half (really, do we need coco puffs in our fine dining desserts?-they add nothing.
    Now let us discuss the decor. I must admit that the modern trend to make fine dining restaurants more casual as far as decor, comfort and service is not my favorite but I accept that this trend is here to stay and when done well, the extra resources dedicated to what is on the plate can really pay off. Given these caveats, Root must have been decorated by two to three persons with wildly different visions or one clueless person who jumped at every "cool" piece or treatment he/she saw with no concept of how they might coalesce. Seriously, Root wins my prize for worst decor/design in town...yes, Al Copeland can look down from shiny Yat heaven and know that he is off the hook.Excellent, totally original-great space-well designed, good service and finally really intriguing food choices which were well and carefully prepared. One of my friends has a food allergy and when an enquiry was made about the ingredients of a dish not only did the wait staff show concern, but the chef came out and asked questions about it. That alone makes it special in my book. 
Yes it's pricey, but well worth it.
We shared the Grand Charcuterie Board, basically a mixed plate of appetizers, although some items in it would've scared the s#%t out if me it was all exceptional. We also shared Spanish Style Chorizos and The Crispy "48 Hour" Chicken Gizzards, which I also must admit I wouldn't have gone for on my own, but which were good. For my entree I had the Cohiba Smoked Scallops which were served in a cigar box. They were  moist and very flavorful. My friends had the  Roasted Marrow Bones, the left overs went home to, one would hope, some very grateful dogs and the Glazed Pork Bellys. We did have a bottle of wine, but I can't recall what it was. My nephew picked up the tab so I can't tell you exactly the cost of the meal, but I'm sure it wasn't a "Denny's" kind of price, but it WAS well worth it!Root | 200 Julia Street NOLA 70130 
$11 | Fried Chicken Noodle Soup
Grilled Brussels Sprouts, Roasted Shiitakes, Heirloom Carrots, Hazelnut Conchiglie Pasta, Dill
When times get rough or cold, who wouldn't go for some chicken soup, right?
One of our favorite items on the beginnings gastro menu, the #FriedChickenNoodleSoup cranked up the taste profile of bold broth flavor and bright texture. 
Each spoon full was compact with fresh micro greens (mini roasted parsnips, dill), pulled salty fried chicken and unbeatable, hands-down the best stock our tummy has grumbled upon thus far.
Chef and Co-Owner, Phillip Lopez alongside General Manager Maximilian Ortiz and Pastry Chef Blake Abene make up this unique staff of gastro-centric menu options; from Foie Gras "Living Terrarium" where they create a dip n'dot experience for the experienced food addict at heart.
For dinner, we recommend the Principal Vadouvan Scallops
Roasted Parsnips, Confit White Asparagus, Preserved Lemon, White Asparagus Vichyssoise: $28 - this luscious meal is served in an actual cigar box where the U-10 scallops are complimented with the spicy notes of cigars... we left in awe. Thanks guys!
In addition, we sipped on the Donkey & Goat "Claim Jumper" Rosé, El Dorado, California 2014: $11 - we asked GM Max about the unusual taste and he stated this particular wine is unfiltered, hence the bitter notes and sediment in our glass. It was grand!
OpenTable if you get the chance, especially during the holidays or special events around supper time. Easy seating during lunch -makes for a great place to slap into on a lunch break. Don't forget about the charchurie boards, they are quite exceptional!
Eat on,
- Food Critic USA
Thanks to all who are currently serving our fine Country and kudos to members of military families! We learned Chef Lopez comes from a military family background and are proud to support his restaurant endeavors across the USA!
http://rootnola.comDefinitely an experience type of place (aka stay away if you're a hungry young male). Food was good enough, but too off the wall for me to really enjoy. All in all, glad I tried it, but probably wouldn't come again.Scallops in a cigar box!  Nothing else was as good as that dish, although the beet salad was also delicious.  The foie gras three ways was not as good as I thought it would be--the seared foie just makes you realize that the other two preparations (frozen or wrapped in pop rock candy) are lacking.  Service was friendly and attentive.Beautiful decor. I loved the feeling that the place gave me. The colors and the seat arrangements and the utensils were all so trendy and relaxing. 
I went with my sister for a early reservation. As we were both so hungry we were seated before our reservation even started. Luckily the entire restaurant might have just opened so we were the first ones for the evening. We ordered and everything came quickly/in a timely manner. I suggest going early so then you have time to wander the rest of the city and walk off the delicious meal.
They started us off with a small creation which melts in your mouth with each blast of flavor just meshing in your mouth for a tasteful explosion. Then the meat came, and  we dug in. The waiters and waitresses explained each dish which gave us a idea on where to start first when eating.
The scallops...I am so glad my sister got that for our principal. It came in a box. And when it was opened, it was steaming fresh! We took a fork and knife, it cut through smoothly and then took a bite. We both swooned. By the time we finished, the box was empty of barely any crumbs of the potato, scallion or cauliflowers. When asked for dessert we were both full.
The waiter surprised us with a small dessert on the house and amazingly I finished some of it. If i had more space in my stomach, I am sure I would have devoured the marshmallows.This was one of the best meals I have ever eaten. The service was perfection, kind and caring. I can't eat gluten or dairy. Sometimes restaurants can be fussy about this. They were gracious and accommodating.
I had the ROOT vegetable salad, the smoked scallops and the Indian Faloodi for dessert.
The tastes were complex, but not over the top, the presentation was delightful.
Really perfect experience.Food is excellent and creative. Service was slow and disoriented my first night. Server was busy but disconnected and brought out the wrong dessert. But he corrected it.I happened to randomly stumble across Root as I was staying nearby... I have to say, this was the best coincidences that has ever happened to me.. and I am not exaggerating.
Just from the outside Root is very welcoming. When I walked in, I was super impressed. Everything from the decor, lighting, staff, and diverse clientele. 
I decided to have a seat at the bar, and I am so glad I did. Scott was fantastic, probably one of the better bartenders around. This night I was just having drinks and an appetizer, which I decided on the Louisiana Pickled Shrimp. These were so so so good! I highly recommend them. I was introduced to much of the staff, from the sous chef to the management.. I am telling you, I was blown away.
After being so impressed, I decided to go back the second night.. Yes, out of all the dining in New Orleans, I went to the same place again. Its that good!
I still went to the bar, as Scott was working again. This time I went for the full dining experience. My choices included: face bacon (yes, it really was amazing), the sweet tea chicken wings, the Ménage à Foie, and the Carrot Eggplant Curry. Each dish had its own unique twist, great flavor, and a killer presentation. Go for the Ménage à Foie, seriously, its like an adventure on a plate. I was lucky to meet and chat with the executive chef, Phillip Lopez, and his vision is really amazing. They are even planning to open a new restaurant in New Orleans! I give major props to anyone who takes risks, and its paying off for him. 
I have traveled and dined all over the US, and Root has taken the spot of my favorite place to dine. 
GO TO ROOT. You wont be disappointed!The Strange is Good.
Foamy oysters on a cake headed our way, followed by pickled shrimp riding a wave of deviled eggs. To round out the appetizers, we get bumped by some Big Black Buns.
The staff then put a pig in front of me...then the pig hits a home run.
Strange that I went with the Pork belly, because this dish is beyond played-out, right? Good thing I did. It had been cooked sous-vide then crisped. Sure, a couple pieces were too fatty, but if you juggle hand grenades, a few are going to go off, right?
That piggy rounded the bases with a great side sauce, eggplant, greens and figs.
...this dish is a total recommend.
I felt like I was in Cuba when the cigar box was opened in front of us to reveal the smoked scallops. Tasty and delicious, though one companion called them out for being a bit too salty. They were fine to me.
Just to keep the strange & playful theme going, we have a Menage a trois for dessert!
...um, alright, it was Menage a Foie (...damn). It worked just fine after the entrees. Other reviewers mentioned the foie gras cotton candy with a piece of foie in the middle: really interesting and like well liked by all. It was accompanied by foie pastrami, also nice. Finally a playful peanut butter foie sandwich which we didn't care for, but I still give kudos for the attempt.
This guy has a pile of creativity, but it's creativity that meets the mark. The hard work going on in the kitchen is clearly evident.
Yep, The Strange is Good...but this place would be just as good even without the Strange.This place looked decent but it took ten minutes for bartender to recognize us at the bar and another 35 minutes for my burger to arrive.  Now I know places get busy during lunch hour but if you're near the convention center, you must be adequately staffed in kitchen and front to run a tight shop. Unfortunately this place failed to meet those basic expectations. Can't speak to quality of food because I had to leave for my next meeting before it came came out.  Really disappointing. Two starts for potential.Incredible. I've been reading a lot of how innovative the food in NOLA is and  had yet to truly experience. Low and behold, right down the road from my hotel I find "Root".
We stopped in here late night for a night cap. Sat down at the bar, noticed the cotton candy machine and didn't realized what it was for. Ease dropping and over heard the words "Foie Gras Cotton Candy". SHUT THE FRONT DOOR! WHAT!?!?
Ordered the Ménage à Foie which was a trio of foie gras amazingments! Started with foie gras "pastrami"  with caramelized onions. Out of the three, this was my least favorite. Next I dove into the foie gras PB&J. The layers of flavors as you bite into this little sandwich are distinct and complete each other as they fill your pallet. Smokey, sweet, almost every taste bud is used. Finally, the dessert. A foie gras cotton candy lollipop. Ingenious! First the smokey meaty "Cotton Candy", how they heck did they come up with this. Love it! Then the center is a sweet jealie with watermelon pop rocks.
I know, I sound completely whacked but really the chefs at Root know what their doing. The bar service was outstanding and the atmosphere was perfect.I ate here a few times when I lived in New Orleans. Please, please, please open a location in Vegas!! This was my favorite restaurant. Such exciting dishes. The staff was always so knowledgeable on everything. Seriously.... Vegas! The chef did something very different from everything else in NOLA which I can so appreciate. Believe it or not, not everyone likes Creole food.I basically ate my way through New Orleans this past weekend, and Root was by far the highlight of my trip. I visited with my aunt and father and all three of us were blown away by the food here. We started with some of the charcuterie and the roasted beet salad (and we were also brought a complimentary mini-appetizer: red pepper bites with feta and basil). The roasted beet salad was refreshing and delicious. For entrees we got the cohiba smoked scallops and the black lacquered duck. The duck ranks up there with some of the best I've ever had (and was a super generous portion to boot); the scallops were unbelievably good and the presentation/idea was just awesome. Definitely made me want to sit back with a glass of scotch and smoke a cohiba. :)
Service was great--we had two servers who were knowledgeable and attentive. Should also note that our food runner (maybe also a line chef?) was ridiculously charming/adorable, southern twang and all. Also a highlight of the meal. ;)Cool atmosphere and delicious eats make the steep price worth a one-time visit. Interesting serving platters (cigar box for the scallops, tree stump for the sirloin) and nicely flavored dishes. The staff are very friendly.I came in at 6pm on a Friday evening and the place was empty. It started to fill up around 7:30. I ate at the bar, and took recommendations from the bartender, Rachel. From a new drink to the charcuterie to dinner, she did not steer me wrong. The food was great in taste and presentation.  I would definitely recommend this place to those who, like me, are not in the mood for Cajun/Creole or chain food.Yeowza!
This isn't a meat and potatoes kind of place.  This isn't a hamburger and fries kind o place.  This isn't traditional, nor ordinary, nor predictable.  But if you enjoy amazing food, with unexpected presentations, in outlandish and whimsical combinations, textures, and flavors, or heck, if you even like to laugh at your meal, THIS is the place for you!
We've been there twice, and both times we had FUN at meal time.  On our second visit we had the Menage a Foie (who knew what Foie needed was some honey and cotton candy!), the BBQ Shrimp with deviled eggs (awesome presentation and flavor), the Smoked Cornmeal Crusted Oysters (OMG!), the Aloo Gobi (not your typical Indian dish), and the Noodle Salad Bowl with *housemade* tofu -- fabulous!
Having been there before we saved room for desert.  We had the "CMP".  If you aren't a marshmallow fan you *have* to try this -- you've never had a marshmallow this good!
Can't wait to go back!Just OK.  Really should avoid the scallops served in the cigar box - the scallops tasted like cigar smoke - I may have missed something in the concept, but the scallops were inedible... and this is a signature dish of the restaurant.  If you like eating ashtrays, then get the scallops.  The duck was awesome and the sausage plate was great.Food was so delicious you will want to clap when the next round comes out!  The staff was very knowledgable and know their menu well.  The cotton candy foie gras was to die for!One of my favorite restaurants in Crescent City. Can't miss. Compton Special cocktail. Watermelon Salad. Aloo Gobi. Pork Belly is life-changing. Great service. Don't believe down voters.Came here a few years ago and loved it so we decided to return. I love the room - it's modern and fabulous. 
I had the Aloo Gobi (Crispy Potato, Roasted Cauliflower, Local Baby Eggplant, Toasted Indian Spice, Bergamot Yogurt without tofu) which was absolutely incredible. What is that spice? It was outrageous. I then had the Tomato Bolognese & Kale Papardelle as my main dish. When it first came out, I was annoyed that it was such a small portion but once I ate it I was 100% satisfied. So delicious. Love the presentation too. 
Chocolate and Milk for dessert is a must.
I wish I had good things to say about the waiter and waitress. They were a bit slow and flakey. They ran out of bloody mary mix and took about 15-20 minutes to let us know that. They just weren't on their game aside from trying to get us to buy more bottles of sparkling water by refiling our glasses too often.Sadly, my expectations were so high for Root that my experience there was completely underwhelming.  Everything on the menu is extremely eclectic, which really appealed to me when reading the menu beforehand.  It's been a while since I've eaten here, but I'll do my best to recall everything I ate here.  We ordered the pate de campagne, which I have to say was one of the best dishes I ate that night.  Everything just worked so well together!  I also was able to try the korean bbq chicken wings and the pork and cracklins, since I heard so much about it.  They were both mediocre.  I honestly thought that I could easily make the wings at home.  For my entree, I ordered the smoked scallops, since I'm such a big fan of scallops.  They were large and filling, but way too smoked for my taste.
Then it was time for dessert and time for Root's last chance to impress me.  We ordered the award-winning Yorkie, which consists of a peppermint pattie, mint ice cream, coco puffs, and milk.  Though it was good, I would never have thought it was award winning.  Even this, I felt that I could throw all these different assortments on the plate and it would still taste the same.
The ambiance was nice, and the service was mediocre.  Will I come back?  Probably not.  I just don't think the food is worth the money.This restaurant is casual and cool, I love the modern decoration and the sustainable friendly feel. Service was friendly and attentive. The restaurant is brightly decorated, with bright green chairs and wooden tables. We started with the Charcuterie board with the suggestion of the server, we selected our meats including "Face" Bacon which is actually exactly what you think it is, the face of a pig rolled up and made into a bacon, I don't think I could get past this fact when I tasted it because I didn't care much for it, we also tried the Beef Heart Bresaola, Spicy Coppa and Pancetta, there are many other meats to choose from for the more adventurous, our table played it safe. 
For my main dish I had the Grilled Ribeye which is served with Potato Pavé, Local Mushrooms, Roasted Vegetables, Smoked Blueberry Demi-glace, it was cooked to a perfect medium rare and the sides were delicious. For the cocktail I tried the Charleston Tea which is Tea Infused Vodka, Lemon, Mint, it was tasty but small and very weak. I definitely recommend Root if you are in the area, it is a unique dining experience with some very creative techniques and presentation.I'd been meaning to write a review of Root since I came here a few years ago -- this is a really fun restaurant to experience a different style of food in New Orleans. The service here is excellent and well-informed, with a real eagerness to share knowledge of the food and preparation. All our dishes came out at a good pace, and we left feeling incredibly stuffed.
The cocktail menu isn't quite as impressive/inventive as the food, but they're worth trying, and the wine/beer list is well-selected for the food.
The second time I went, I felt like many of the dishes were just a little too sweet, and despite my strong sweet tooth, this made the whole meal taste a little too cloying.
As the appetizers go, the pig ear salad with squid ink crispy brioche, charred brussels sprouts, pecorino romano cheese, and green peppercorn ancovy dressing was not nearly as flavorful as the ingredients might suggest; we found this lacking in flavor, though it had great texture. I like the Aloo Gobi and its tender cauliflower, though it feels a little out of place on the menu.
For entrees, I love the Cohiba smoked scallops, and those are really a necessary dish to order here -- scallops are tender, moist and well-flavored, and the presentation is really fun.  The Lacquered Duck was good, but not spectacular, and its accompanying vegetables were a little bland. 
I've had many of the charcuterie options, and they make pretty much everything themselves and serve the board with a nice menagerie of pickles and sauces. This time, we had the face bacon (cool texture, good flavor), the chicken/beef/duck ballotine (great preparation but ultimately a little too sweet and bland; very rich), and the truffle scented duck liver parfait (this is a must-order!).
The desserts here are super inventive and fun but you won't see the menu until the end of the meal -- try to save room!Very unique restaurant. The scallops and duck were outstanding. $25 per bottle corkage fee which is a good deal if you pick up a nice wine and bring it yourself. Great waiting staff enjoyable evening and would love to do it againWent to Root for lunch after seeing a lot of great press about it and seeing many great reviews on Yelp.  Short and sweet (Not Root, this review).  WAY over salted food.  Slow service. Had the pork sandwich - filled with some pork and lots of chunks of pure fat.  Dried out roll and the whole thing looked like it had been on a heating table for hours.  My guest had another sandwich that looked equally dried out.  Saw a table across the way that was sending back a hamburger that looked like a black charred rock.  On top of everything else, dirty bathrooms. 
Price for lunch?  About $60 with no liquor.  Really disappointed...looks like most of the great reviews are dinner...but I'm not going to take the chance.  Sorry, but all true!Great charcuterie!  
- Juniper Cured Duck Prosciutto
- Rosemary Cured Guanciale
-  Hog's Head Cheese
- Fennel Cured Spalla
- Truffle Scented Chicken Liver Pâté
Served with seasonal pickled veggies & lavash
If I based this restaurant on charcuterie alone, it would have received 4.5 stars, but then I had the Korean Short Rib Clay Pot, which was pretty horrid.  The farro fried rice was ok; however, the short ribs were overly salty, as though they were marinated in straight soy sauce.  Such a simple dish was a complete bust.
- Sweet Tea Country Fried Chicken Wings were really good, but the Miso Butterscotch Country Biscuits were a bit on the dry side.
- Tagliatelle Bolognese was vegetarian, but I was expecting ground veal, pork and beef in a nice tomato based sauce.  That was disappointing, but I ate the dish anyway...it was lacking in flavors and poorly executed.
I regret not stopping after the charcuterie.  To the head Chef's credit, he was at his other restaurant.I really really enjoyed my meal at Root. We had a Charcuterie Board that was absolutely amazing. The Face Bacon and spicy pineapples are a must try. I wish I could name everything that was on it because I would order them all again. I also had the foie gras which was my first time ever trying it and I thought the cotton candy style presentation was great. My cocktail was also very delicious. I had the Saint Aper'tif. Very easy and enjoyable to drink. I would love to give Root five stars because I can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu, but I deducted one star due to a customer service issue I witnessed. My guest and I arrived to the restaurant a little before they opened and struck up a conversation with a lady who was also waiting outside to dine in. She was by herself, was in town for a convention and was excited for dinner in New Orleans. When we entered at 5:00 right when they opened they told her she could not sit at a table that since she was by herself she had to sit at the bar. I understand if you're packed with reservations or if it's a busy weekend night, but it was a Tuesday right when they opened and the hostess was very rude about it. The lady decided to only have a drink and not eat. A few minutes later a manager came and offered her a table but it was too late. My guest and I were there over an hour and I would say not even half the restaurant filled up. As someone who love the city of New Orleans I was embarrassed by the hospitality they showed that guest. Kudos to the kitchen for killing it but the FOH could use some manners.Really, really different. Our meal was quite an experience. Our waiter was awesome, and this place is so tight. It's fairly expensive, but it's the perfect treat. Prepare to be dazzled!The menu is diverse, inventive, and incredibly delicious. It was quite a refreshment to not see collard greens or grits on the menu.  
My husband and I started with the aloo gobi, which was seasoned to perfection. (it is a considerable portion. Definitely a good option as an entree for vegetarians).
My husband ordered the bone marrow and I ordered the scallops. The scallops were quite large (and came in a cigar box!) and cooked very well. My husband's bone marrow was outstanding and the bacon jam accompaniment was out of this world.  
My only regret is that (probably for the first time ever) I had no room for dessert.  How sad indeed as every item on the menu sounded delicious!!I made an online reservation for the dinner through open table and they confirmed with a call. I liked that. It's located opposite the convention center and embassy suites. This place is very unassuming from the outside with closed. It's the menu that made me pick this restaurant for dinner. We got seated immediately upon entering. How do I describe the ambience and seating?? Avant-garde! I ordered a cocktail called sympathy for the devil, and it was okay. For the starters, we ordered the roasted carrots and this dish was so flavorful and tasty! It is definitely inspired from Indian cooking :) I ordered the Chilean sea bass and my colleague got scallops. We both loved the food. We finished it off, with lemon meringue for dessert. I must say, GO FOR IT above everything on the menu! It was absolutely amazing, both the presentation and the taste. It came with a fusion of flavors: jasmine and chamomile. The ice cream was super delicious! The waitress said they'd change the menu every six months. On the flip side, our waitress gave a cold shoulder to my colleague for some reason, that pissed her off. I felt bad that kind of ruined her dining experience. She conversed well with me, however and recommended the lemon meringue. To sum it up, great food, so-so drinks and average service.Root is definitely for the food-adventurous, as the ex-chef of the now defunct, excellent Rambla has taken it to a whole 'nother level. Very interesting mixture of flavors and textures. Yorkie is a super-playful dessert for chocolate mint lovers. Try it at least once.I had scallops smoked in a cigar box which was incredible! I'm not keen on the idea that the restaurant has all "continental" fare, but that doesn't stop the very talented chef to make very unique dishes. 
Worth a visit.Wow. Root was a last minute decision for me and my daughter. We had planned on Irene's but after calling and discovering we had a 2 1/2 hour wait for a table-we decided to pass. And I must say, Root was a pleasant surprise. We were staying at the Hilton Riverside so Root was maybe a 5 minute walk for us. We did not have a reservation but were seated immediately at the bar where the full menu is served. We had a couple of bar tenders serving us and they were both pleasant, very attentive and helpful with suggestions. We started with the Filipino Style Longanisa which was full of flavor and interesting selections. All of the sausage plate starters looked appetizing. We then shared the Sweet Tea Chicken Wings which had the best buttermilk dressing that I have ever tasted. The sorghum butter was also delicious on the biscuits. Our entree, which we also shared, was the scallops. This dish was served in a cigar box and smelled exactly like cigars when opened, however, much to our delight- the scallops did not have the flavor of cigars. They were perfectly seasoned and cooked.  Great choice! Dessert was also delightful- chocolate and cream.  The ambiance is subtle and dressy casual.  Good for a date night, supper club or fam jam with your teenage daughter!The warehouse district can be quite the neighbourhood for foodies, and there's reason to be excited by this addition. Chef Phillip Lopez wants to tell stories though his food, getting people to share and communicate via the dishes. Hence a good number of sharing plates, with incredible pates, cold cuts and relishes. If you like rich food, the Menage a Foie is a daily-prepared party of three variations of foie gras. Cohiba smoked scallops are encrusted in chorizo dust and served in a cigar box. The food is seriously playful, without being pretentious. It's hard to imagine a dinner menu with more talking points.Yay! Let me review this place before it gets too popular after recieving their  well deserved 4 Bean Review this week!
I love this place decor i dont know what was Original and what was left over from Feast. I was mesmerized with black and white granite stone bartop! Their barstools are the most comfortable seats my toosh has ever touched i could probably sit there for hours with no problem. The bathrooms very nice i love how the mirror is not above the sink like other places.
The food was great! Since it was Lent i had to settle for ordering the Cornmeal Oysters. Im glad i did cuz they were Delicioso i told the manager/supervisor how i would be so happy if the dish was made into a Poboy!
I cant wait to return to try other dishes such as the Korean Wings and Bone Marrow!UNBELIEVABLE. Seriously this place is absolutely ridiculous. My boyfriend and I visited NOLA recently for a vacation to basically eat food. We are total foodies and tried to find all the great places to eat. This place definitely did not disappoint. 
We started off with the charcuterie plate with duck pâté, face bacon and something else I can't remember but it was absolutely fantastic. Not to mention the service was soooo great. My boyfriend and I are both servers so we appreciate great, knowledgable service.
For our entree, we split the cohiba scallops and the sweet tea wings. OH MY GOD. Both were incredibly fantastic. The scallops were easily the BEST scallops I have ever had in my entire life. I can't not emphasize enough to how incredible they were. The wings were soooo good but these scallops OH MY. So so so great. 
When I come back to NOLA (which I will because the city is incredible) I will definitely come back. Amazing restaurant. A must try!We went on a Wednesday night. The place was not busy at all. I'm sure the cheese plate is delicious but it was incredibly over priced so we didn't even try it. We were waiting for over 45 minutes for our food. The waiter kept avoiding us which became awkward because he only had like 2 other tables. The jalapeño corn bread we had ordered to tide us over of course came with our meal and was so dry we couldn't even eat it. 
I may have been expecting a lot because we are in New Orleans but this place did not live up to expectations.Recommended by our Inn keepers at the Jazz Quarters B&B Vincent and Lola. What an Excellent find, food is amazing, service is first class. 
Started with the specialty drinks which were very good, the watermelon cocktail, very refreshing in the summer heat. Then the appetizer of the devil eggs and shrimp (very good) and a must have of the cigar smoke infused scallops which are serves in a cigar box. OMG AMAZING!! 
This is a must stop while in NOLA.I have always heard that people either love or hate Root. I didn't love it or hate it.
Let me say that it was an interesting dining experience, but I didn't love the food and the service/explanations felt a little over the top.
We started out with three charcuterie items: "Face" Bacon, "CBD" Chicken, Beef, Duck-Poached Ballotine, and Moroccan Spiced Pork & Duck Rillettes. The face bacon was interesting, the CBD ballotine probably my favorite of the three, and the rillettes just weren't very flavorful. Normally rillettes are my favorite when I get charcuterie, but this one was disappointing. Also, just overall, I thought I had better charcuterie elsewhere.
One thing worth pointing out is the pickled cauliflower that was served with the charcuterie. It was by far the best thing I tasted all night.
Then we had the Crispy Pig Ear & Charred Brussels Sprouts Salad. I *love* pig ear. But what surprised me about this salad was how much I liked the Brussels sprouts. I am one of those people that don't really care for Brussels sprouts, but they were delicious in this salad.
Then the main course. I got the scallops, because I had read and heard so much about them, and because I love scallops. But you know, I didn't love this dish. I felt like the most prominent thing I tasted was saltiness and too much of it, although I could see a lot was supposed to be going on flavor-wise. My friend M had the Black Lacquered Duck, the leftovers of which I ended up taking home because he was visiting and leaving the next day. I much preferred his duck to my scallops, but still, I wasn't like, "wow."
Our server was fantastic, but at times, I felt like the explanations were too much. Kinda like, "you couldn't possibly know this" or like, "we are so edgy."
I really want more of the pickled cauliflower and maybe some of the Brussels sprouts salad, but everything else, I felt I could take it or leave it.I stopped by for a glass of wine because Root is around the corner from our hotel. I didn't eat because I had dinner plans and am on a budget, but I really wish I did!
The charcuterie chef was working right in front of where I sat at the bar. Everything he was putting on the charcuterie boards looked amazing. One of the most interesting appetizers I've seen ever was the menage a foie plate they were serving. It's foie gras cotton candy wrapped around a piece of candied foie gras lollipop and something else foie gras too. I tried some of the cotton candy and it tasted soooo rich and buttery with a melt in your mouth texture.
There were also a lot of smoked scallops in cigar boxes being served. What a creative way to serve a dish! Whenever someone sitting near me would open their cigar box, there would be the most amazing smoked smells drifting my way.
So even though I didn't eat here, I'm a fan because of all the creative dishes I saw while popping in. Next time in NOLA, will definitely have to plan a dinner here. :)Root was an unexpected delight.  Hungry & looking for something more than just grilled oysters and gumbo, I found this spot courtesy of Yelp.  It did not disappoint!  The chef is adventurous & playful with his dishes.  The charcuterie is not to be missed as well as the Cohiba smoked scallops.  And the drinks were exceptional - one of the best sazeracs in NOLA.Root is definitely  a culinary experience. We were a large group and starters with a roasted veggie dish, chicken wings & biscuits, and a big meat and sausage platter. Interestingly the chicken wings and biscuits were my favorite.  Although the pulled pork and duck fat confit was freaking amazing. 
I also has the Cohiba smoked scallops. Nice sweet scallops with an amazing presentation. Every thing comes in a cedar cigar box - I'm not sure the cooking technique imparted extra flavor, but the dish was very good and creatively presented.  
The specialty cocktails were a big hit. The Breakfast of Champions seemed to be winner with bacon infused Wiskey. Desserts were decent enough. Overall this was a culinary experience. The menu at Root is compact but diverse. Travel broadly... and eat locally.A business colleague and I just returned from dinner at Root...what a fantastic experience! The staff are incredible, everyone could explain in explicit detail the menu items that we were considering....and the food was unbelievable...with flavor combinations such as I have never seen before. The laquered pork belly was especially succulent.Awful food, good service. The squash salad was hard raw chunks of spiced up squash, turnips and carrots. It tasted terrible. I ordered theChilean sea bass and it was raw! Plus quite rubbery and cold. I didn't eat it. The food left the worst taste n my mouth and to think of all the good restaurants I could have chosen in Nola.Went here recently with some coworkers for lunch and despite it being both prime lunch time and right next to the convention center, we didn't run into a crowd which was a welcome surprise.
Our party collectively ordered two burgers, a fish plate, a shrimp po'boy, and a starter plate of duck prosciutto.
My burger was good but not great, a pretty standard restaurant burger, but the fries on the side were quite tasty.  The duck prosciutto was quite interesting and tasty as well as were the pickled veggies that it came with.
The only complaint I had was that despite the restaurant being nearly empty, our server disappeared for about an hour while we were eating which made getting the check take quite a long time.
Other than that, the inside of the restaurant is comfy and inviting and I'd recommend going here over the dreadful food court in the mall nearby.love love LOVE this place! My boyfriend and I came across this place while finding parking for another near restaurant and thought we'd try it out. This was their first week opening. The service is great and the food is awesome! Gotta try their KFC and Scallops!!!Root probably has the most amazing burger i have tried in a very long time. They are a little bit meat oriented and i am not a fan of the charcuterie boards but the burger here is amazing, the fries are crispy and the home-made ketchup like tomato sauce complements it perfectly.
Their other items such as appetizers are not as impressive. Instead of an appetizer you should order the chocolate dessert which has a weird yet quite intriguing presentation. (comes on a heavy plate with ice cream and other stuff. the portion is definitely not big though.)
The place is also so nice and cozy, if you live in NOLA a very good place to have a business lunch or a casual meeting or if you are visiting, you should not miss that spot that offers something way better and different than those tourist traps the french quarter is filled with.I really want to give this place a better rating...so let me explain the 3 stars average based on the following: 
1 stars for service: 
This probably got the whole night started off on the wrong foot because we were a large party that was made up of individuals attending a conference and we were in need of separate checks in order to get reimbursed from our institutions for our meals. This seemed to cause an issue, first with the server and then with the manager on duty. They proceeded to tell us that they couldn't do separate checks (I asked if all of us came in separately and sat at different tables would they be able to do separate checks...guess what happened next) then the manager came and told us that they could do it but that it would take them a long time. I tried to explain that if they could not do it that we would have to take our business elsewhere. Then I was told that if we wanted to go somewhere else that it was our choice. (Not really our choice if you can't give us separate checks and we can't pay you if you can't do separate checks.) Duh. He then emphasized that it would take a long time to do separate checks but he could do it. (so then why tell us you couldn't because now it just sounds like you didn't want to do it!) 
All of this happened before we even put an order it...so already I had a bad taste in my mouth...that was quickly fixed when they brought out the amuse bouche or steak tartar...perfection in one bite!
5 stars for food: Once we ordered my mouth was back to watering about every dish on the menu. I decided on the scallops...I love scallops! They come in a cigar box and when the server opens it up the smoke floats to your nose and you breath in all the smoky goodness! The first bite of scallop...cooked perfectly. I nice sear on the top and bottom and raw in the middle. The flavor infused in the scallop was unlike anything I had ever had before. this dish was rivaling one of my favorite scallop dishes in Vegas (see my review for Mon Ami Gabi). The potatoes and cauliflower that was included with the scallops were cooked with seasonings that had a lil spicy kick to them...and that complimented the scallop very well. I'm picky about my scallops because I prefer them to be more rare then  well done...these were perfect! The slightest sear to just get a little crust. My mouth waters just thinking about those scallops! I think the food is absolute 5 stars...maybe even 6!
Everyone at the table was happy with what they ordered....from the chicken wings, to pork belly, to duck...the menu offers a great selection of food that is cooked to perfection. The kitchen deserves every star!
The food saved the day for this restaurant. The food is worth every penny. The service was a #fail. PS they did add a 20% service charge which I understand is common practice for large parties, but nowhere else that I went during my time in NOLA did our big party get charged a 20% service fee! Those servers definitely got a bigger tip when they didn't add the fee. I think this server knew he wasn't going to get much of a tip if he didn't force us to pay a service change. I want my tip to go to the kitchen...they earned it!
Maybe, if I go back I'll try going by myself or with one friend and not 12 friends who all spent a lot of money at this establishment with me...maybe, if I go back. There are too many other places in New Orleans to be spending my money and I may have just tried the best dish on the menu. My suggestion, try the place if you have the money to spend and a small party. Don't expect the service to match the delish flavors of the food.Great restaurant near the convention center.  The charcuterie selections I think make the best appetizers, the other thing we tried was the Fried Chicken Noodle Soup which was just OK.  For entrees, both the Vadouvan Scallops and the Whole Fried Chicken Dinner were excellent (and the chicken dinner could easily feed 2-4 people) - but the sides that came with the chicken dinner weren't that great.  We tried two desserts - and neither was very good.  I would pass on the dessert and go elsewhere for that, but the dinners were excellent.  Service was ok, nothing special.This location has no clue how to cook a hamburger! I paid $25.00 for a bacon cheeseburger, fries and a coke. I only ate half of this sandwich because it came out blacker than a hockey puck and dry. The waiter was not able to be understood, he offered to refill my beverage but never asked or offered to refill the ladies beverage that I was eating with. He or the manager never requested how the meal was even though I had the plate removed from the table with half of the meal still on the plate. No clue of customer service. If I could go lower than one star rating then I would!Stopped in while walking by, only to be surprised the next day when I found out Thrill List recommended it.  Service was extremely poor.  We thought they were fighting over who would take our table, and in the end we had two waitresses that still wasn't enough.  The waitress forgot to tell kitchen to leave off blue cheese from the roasted beet salad, which wasn't a big deal since the salad was spread out on a platter - salad was OK, def not great.  My wife's burger was very bland, and the ground beef seemed VERY ground, too fine.  My scallops - which I saw the next day on Thrill List - were cold in the middle.  After asking if they were suppose to be, they took that away and came back with another.  NOT GREAT AT ALL.  I've had much much better scallops.  Finally the waitress forgot our dessert!  WILL NOT BE BACK.  Keep looking.In a span of 3 days, I've dined here twice already. Keep in mind this review will be a combined review of both visits. 
Saturday night was my first visit with the bf to this 5 week old establishment. When we arrived, we were promptly seated at a table of our choice. 
The decor is very contemporary with white leather couches and lime green chairs. Since it's located in the warehouse district, they left the exposed wooden beams, well, exposed. 
Our server was very informed and spoke very courteously. He recommended a few dishes and we tried them all. 
LOVED the idea of the cohiba smoked scallops coming out in a cigar box. Nice touch! My pork belly was to die for. Although when I went tonight, it was cut a little too thick for my liking. 
First time around I didn't get to order dessert but tonight we ordered 2! The ambrosia and the "CMP". I didn't care much for the ambrosia. Too fruity maybe? But the "CMP" is a whole different story. It was rich and succulent! A little sweetness with a hint of saltiness. 
Overall, I hope they change their menu to accommodate a seasonal menu for the "regulars". Would love to come back but the rest of the items on the menu is too refined for my unrefined palette. 
FYI: closes at 2 am Thursday's thru Saturday's and closed on Sunday's.Hands down our favorite meal we've had in NOLA. Service was great even though we wandered in no reservations less than an hour before closing. Got the charcuterie to share and wow. We split the chef's selection with their homemade sausages. Incredible and given it was $55, a heck of a deal for two people. We couldn't finish it although we tried our hardest. The duck parfait was just amazing. Our only regret was not being able to try more of the entrees, was really coveting the scallops and the pig ear salad.Incredible find very near the convention center.  Creative and daring menu with unusual pairings. I enjoyed the sausage and house made pickles along with the pig ear & brussel sprout salad, but would have liked to try everything on this menu! Great, great food.Had a great meal at Root. It was great to find a new restaurant in the CBD and a restaurant that is open late which is a rarity in New Orleans. The standouts by far were the Charcuterie plate, one of the best i have ever had and the Cohiba smoked Scallops that are literally served in Cigar boxes. The owner was the manager at August and the chef was a former chef at August as well. I highly recommend Root and am very excited for their new tasting restaurant Square Root to open up.Okay so here's what we ordered (after waiting at our table for 30 minutes WITH reservations):
"Ménage a Foie" - SO pretty (like a work of art), but not that great except for the main one that actually LOOKS like foie gras, which was good, but kind of salty and tasted like a pb&j sandwich ... I'll stick with August or St. James Cheese Company for foie gras
"Black Lacquered Duck" - not what I ordered, but I had a small bite of it & it was rather tasty
"Cohiba Smoked Scallops" - comes in a cigar box; looks/smells/tastes DELCIOUS, but the potatoes were so outrageously spicy that I couldn't even eat them (so tragic)
"Froot loop" dessert - tasted refreshing and just like a bowl of froot loops in ice cream form 
Our reservations were at 8:30 & we didn't leave until 11:00 ... Granted we weren't trying to rush things, we also didn't plan on spending almost 3 hours there. That was annoying.  Also, the bathroom is annoying and unisex.  Gross if you're a female - I prefer only sharing with other females. 
Side note - we had TWO waiters (1 for drinks and 1 for food) and the drink guy ended up taking our food order (wth?) ... 
If my friends wanted to go here, I would begrudgingly go, but I don't think I would go back again otherwise. The long wait, combined with SKY HIGH prices, are a big no no for me (I'm okay with paying for expensive food, but the food has to be spectacular, and my meal just wasn't).YUM!! Amazing food, service, drinks.  Everything we had was spectacular- we had a charcuterie plate that was incredible. We took our server's recommendations for everything and he was spot on.  We got a the Cuban Smoked Scallops which had an amazing presentation.  The deserts were fantastic and well worth it.  One small, silly note- for some reason I figured this place was going to be heavy on vegitarian dishes- "Root" to me conjured root vegetables- not the case, very meat centric place.Meh. The efforts at creativity didn't work very well. It felt like the dishes were trying too hard to be creative, and this compromised the flavor of the dishes. Some of the flavor combinations did not work well. The foie gras pop rocks tasted kind of bad actually, especially after the pop rocks melted a bit in the liquid. But the foie gras cotton candy was actually really good.
For entree, had the duck and it was good, but nothing special and lacking in meat, so wouldn't get it again for what I paid for it.
Stick with the charcuterie and sausage. Those are pretty solid.Scallops in cigar bar were amazing! Blueberry cheesecake to die for!If you are a fan of experimental preparations and unusual food, try this place. Foie Gras was excellent.Came here for dinner and loved it!
Given how much meat is served here, I was impressed by how accommodating and helpful the waiter was to make sure I had something vegetarian. 
I opted for an incredibly spicy Indian aloo gobi dish. I didn't expect it to be so spicy, but nonetheless, it was delicious!
The rest of the carnivorous table got charcuterie to share, some salad that resembled a terrarium and foie gras pop-rocks and cotton candy. I can't remember what their main's were but they were both stuffed.
The cocktails here were tasty and fun!
Overall, I'd recommend this place for a fun, intimate dining experience! 4 solid stars!
#Vegetarian ReviewFirst of all five stars don't come easy from me.  This is truly deserved!  We live in the neighborhood and had an awful experience at another neighborhood restaurant.  See me review of La Boca. 
We were aggravated and I was really ready to head home. My daughter wanted dinner. So, for the first time, Root it was. 
I was pleasantly surprised!  The staff and food was awesome!
Max and Maria made us feel right at home. I ranted about the earlier episode and they were kind enough to listen.  They vowed to make out night great, and they delivered!
We started out with the half and half charcuterie.  I don't know what was better, the meats or the pickled bell pepper.  Awesome!
By the end of that, the three of us were satisfied, but took the chance and ordered the fried chicken. OMG!  Off the chain delicious!  Home made sweet pickles, German potato salad and more crispy delicious curry scented chicken than we could devour!
The only thing that was better, was the the service from Maria and the manager Max.  They personally made it their goal to turn our night around and they did!  Here's a shocker.   They even discounted our bill to make up for what the other restaurant did!
Awesome people, awesome food.   We will be back!In a city where smoking indoors and drinking outside is allowed, I was surprised to discover a modern, molecular gastronomical establishment such as Root.
A little ways away from the French Quarter, Root provides an upscale, urban dining experience in the Warehouse District. 
To start, we ordered the charcuterie board; loaded with a dizzying array of fabulous food. With the help of our server, we chose the Truffle Scented Chicken Liver Parfait, Moroccan Spiced Pork & Duck Rillettes, Juniper Cured Duck Prosciutto, and a Spanish style chorizo sausage. The Pork and Duck Rillletes were my favorite.  Menu has a wide selection of cured meat and cheese-and they are a la carte ($10 each), so ask for recommendations if unsure. Or you could order the Grand Charcuterie board (chef's selection for $55). Their house made pickles and mustard were fantastic complements to the meat. 
The Cohiba smoked scallops were served in a cigar box that enhanced the rich smokiness of the scallops and made an eye catching presentation. The caramelized cauliflower were the perfect pair as accompanying item . It melted like bone marrow, and there were a generous amount of scallops. This is a must!
The Menage de foie  had a whimsical presentation, however it didn't make up for the lack of flavor. It was served in three different ways. Very creative, but I was disappointed. We also ordered the Aloo Gobi as it was the closest thing to veggies the menu offered. It was a bowl of potatoes, roasted cauliflower, eggplants and tofu, toasted in a curry like base.  It  was alright, but I could go without next time. 
I thought service was wonderful. The general manager greeted us and offered us complimentary desserts, but I was soooo full at that point and sadly declined.  He was so nice to us and even got us a cab!  Such hospitality made our experience even more memorable.
Root is definitely a non traditional NOLA restaurant. However, with its creativity, uniqueness and delicious food, I suggest putting this at the top of your list when visiting the Big Easy.My partner and I were anxiously excited to try this place because we love creative and eclectic food, and Root did not disappoint. On a weeknight we visited they were not crowded. Upon arrival I immediately liked their clean, modern atmosphere and welcoming feel. Each of us enjoyed a cocktail at the bar before seated at the table. Mine was light and refreshing, just perfect start to an enjoyable dinner. By the way, if you enjoy unique craft cocktails, their drink menu is a fun one to study. A friend joined at the table and we ordered 9 different things to sample from small plates to dessert, which all turned out to be visually appealing and delicious. Service was good. Our server was relaxed and knowledgeable, just what I like from a casual upscale place like this. He helped me choose a perfect bottle of wine to enjoy for the table. The dessert was fantastic. I was somehow expecting it to be unique but unpalatable, however they were actually really tasty. Even though NOLA has plenty of fantastic restaurants to choose from, this place remains on my top 5 choices on my next visit. Please keep up the good job!!Face Bacon, heart, and more adventurous foods. 
Flavor was great, service was slow, but overall I would try it again.Beautiful restaurant and excellent service but this type of food is just not for me. Good cooking techniques and also very very small portions. We had to grab a bite somewhere else after leaving this place hungry. Very very very expensive for what you get.Root, Root, Root - you confuse me so. We happened upon Root as we were walking around looking for a nice place for dinner. When we popped in the gentleman informed us we needed a reservation, but he might be able to 'squeeze us in,' which he did. What was confusing was that no one ever seemed to show up for the all of those reservations, Hmmm. 
The service was stellar the first 10 minutes and then somehow it just went to shit. Our initial server came to the table to take the order and then we had a second server. Once we were done and decided not to order dessert their attitude totally changed and they were rude, rude, rude. Snobby. Uppity. 
The Food: The food was great, but very small. I ordered two 15.00 glasses of red wine and they brought it to me in a very small white wine glass. So, they totally under served me, which pissed me off. My friend ordered two vodka drinks and was totally convinced that there was no alcohol in either one of them. While our fish was outstanding it was diminished by being ripped off and treated poorly!
Good luck Root, you have a need a very  specific audience that will put up with your crap.My husband and I tried Root for dinner and was very impressed and so we decided to come back for lunch.  We ordered the oysters, vietnamese banh mi and vermicelli with chicken.  All I can remember was the wait.  We waited for a full hour if not more just for lunch!  Even the people who got seated way after us, got their food the same time as we did.  After such a long wait, the oysters were still good but my banh mi was okay.  The bread wasn't fresh.  Not sure if we will be coming back.I have been following this restaurant for 3 years but realize now I should have gone when it was young and inspired and not old and tired. 
I will start with the pros--the cocktails were lovely and the pickles were amazing. All the wait staff had good intentions.
Cons-After being seated during which time we stated that we were starving we didn't see a waiter for another 10 minutes. When the backup waiter  (yes not the head waiter) finally came to take our order he told us they didn't have the Menage  a Foie which was what I was super excited about and they had no specials. 
I don't need to go into every detail about how the service was generally bizarre and the food over salted. It became clear that the owners have left this place to the B team and are putting all their energy into Square Root. 
It is sad what too many good reviews can do.We came to Root after a zillion people raved about the scallops in the cigar box.  I easily made a res via OpenTable and we were quickly seated once we got to the restaurant.
We had two people helping us - a guy and a girl.  The guy asked what the occasion was since our guys had on jackets (no ties) and we had on dresses.  I told him, "Y'all are the occasion..."  Does no one dress up for dinner anymore?  Anyway, that kind of started the meal off on an odd foot.  That, and our waitress not showing up for about 20 minutes after we were seated.  Luckily, we had drinks to keep us company, but it seemed odd to wait so long when the restaurant wasn't full.
Our amuse bouche was a watermelon and cucumber soup (two things that make my throat itch).  I tasted it and it was fine; everyone else raved.  It was an unexpected delight.  
We ordered three of the sausages to start - the lamb, the mexican sausage, and the chorizo.  The chorizo and mexican sausage were delicious spicy and paired amazingly well with the pickled peaches.  I also liked the lamb sausage - it was much milder in comparison and delicious.
I had ordered the menage foie, but it got lost in translation and never came - which ended up being a good thing because I really got full off the appetizers.
For mains, I settled on the aloo gobi appetizer and they graciously prepared me some naan to go with it.  Hubs got the scallops, which were delightful (but weren't the best I've ever ever had...).  Another friend got the chicken and biscuits, which was an odd choice after we ate at Willie Mae's Scotch House that morning - it just didn't measure up, even though it was really good with that sauce.
Coffee was delicious, as was my lime ice cream that they brought me out.  Yummy.
Overall, I really liked Root and would recommend it - but I would recommend a few other places in NOLA first.  I think the tricky thing is that it didn't have that NOLA vibe to me - I felt like it could have easily been transplanted into Atlanta, and since I was in NOLA, I wanted the NOLA vibe... so if you're wanting to escape that, Root is a great option!I went to Root with a big group before a formal party. The service was slow at the time (this was over a month ago) and I hope they've improved since then. The food, however, was very inventive and tasty. Fish served in a cigar box and lots of other creative dishes. 
I will go back before I give too much detail - I hope they've gotten timing down by now and I want to try some more dishes (and not drink so much before the food comes out).
Overall, I'm really excited that New Orleans now has this kind of a restaurant - this city needs some innovative dining experiences and I think Root is the start of this new trend!Charcuterie was delicious. I almost wiped out the truffle liver parfait with my finger to get every last spot. Good beer selection. Service was knowlegeable and attentive. I had the half duck and it was delicious. Sampled coworker's rib eye and another's smoked scallops, also delicious. Great presentations, and unique variety and combination of flavors. A bit pricey, otherwise I'd give it 5 stars. Would definitely return if I ever find myself in NOLA again.This place is interesting - the food is good, good enough to coax you into overeating! The service is attentive without being overbearing, and the presentation is interesting. I think many people would enjoy it here. The aloo gobi is really good, and the drinks menu is worth visiting, too.Some friends and I went to Root last week.  It's got a mellow, comfortable vibe and a creative/interesting menu. We ordered all sorts of things, as the menu accomodates most anyone (including vegetarians). We had "KFC" Korean Fried Chicken Wings, Louisiana Pickled Shrimp and the Menage a Foie for apps.  For the main courses we ordered the Rice Noodle bowl, Gulf Fish with pecan consomme and the "star of the show" - Cohiba Smoked Scallops (brought out in a tobacco box).  All were delicious!!  Desserts are worth saving room for, try the Yorkie or the Corn Caramel Flan!!  The Chef brought out the Yorkie himself and chatted with us for a bit.  It's great to have something new and different to try. Honestly, how much shrimp and grits can anyone really eat?!?! some of the best food I've had in New Orleans.  Nice room, friendly staff and wonderful food! Definitely worth it, a great addition to the neighborhood....Very fun night at Root while in NOLA with a Colleague. The service was great and the food was very unique and delicious!Pros: Great food, wonderful back waiters. 
Cons: Slow service. Our waiter, Josiah (?) blatantly ignored our table. It's was clear, since we are younger (aka not old enough to order alcohol!!) that he assumed we would short him on a tip. he Ignored our table, I went to the restroom immediately after finishing our entree and he didn't speak to our table after that! I had to ask the busser for the bill and he took our dessert order! also took 20 minutes for our dessert to come out. 
The only reason the review has three stars is because of the food and the bussers.The food was yummy and unique. I was here for a week eating at every restaurant near our hotel and decided to stop in because of the cool sidewalk sign. The service was excellent as was the food. We had a foie gras dish that came with some sort of cotton candy and a foie gras lollipop which was insanely delicious. I had something with duck in it which was also good (this is what I get for waiting a month to finish my reviews, all I remember is: food...nommy food, pretty sign. Awesome).Weird, but surprisingly good. Our lunch has great interactions of flavors that are rarely combined. We had the grilled fish tacos and Oyster PoBoy. The tacos were fresh and delightful. Unfortunately, there was only a hint of the charred jalapeno tartar, so they were rather flavorless. We made up for it with a squeeze of lime. The Po Boy was amazing. The baguette was delicate and soft and crunchy and perfect. Not to be hung up on this, but it was the best bread I've had this year. The cornmeal encrusted oysters were all very good.  
We finished with the smoked strawberry dessert. It was a dessert designed for someone who prefers savory to sweet. Sadly, that does not describe me. The lavender honey ice cream was rich, subtle, and not too sweet. The smoked strawberries were not sweet and the pound cake was not soft. If you can let go of your expectations, it was a pleasant dish. As a sweet tooth, but I wouldn't order it again. In a neighborhood were everyone sells gumbo, Root offers a great alternative.Lollipop somethings.   Yum.  
Yelp is making me write more so I'm writing more.  This was a great restaurant and we enjoyed it very much.I came tonight with my girlfriend and we got the BBB, Smoked Cornmeal Encrusted Oysters, Cohiba Smoked Scallops, and Tofu Rice Noodle Bowl. Everything was amazing, especially with the chef's amuse that came before our meal! We even wanted to order a few other dishes, but couldn't will ourselves to eat any more. Great service and drinks as well. I will be back many, many times!This place was amazing, really. I give props to the chef who really pushes the envelope. Not everything I had there was the most delicious thing ever, but at least the dish made me really think about what was going on (and not in a bad way).
I had a lot, but the things that really stuck out were the cohiba smoked scallops and the chicharrones with cracklin and mole de sangre. Just wow.
Desserts were really interesting as well. Had this home made rocky road ice cream with vanilla beet marshmallows and sweetened beets and some other craziness going on.
The charcuterie was tasty, but probably the only thing that didn't blow me away. I had the lamb bresaola, which was just a bit bland, and some cbd special sausage with sweetbreads and a few other meats. Maybe some others would have been better.
Oh right, almost forgot -- great beer selection and very interesting mixed drinks as well.
I'll definitely go back next time I'm in town. I mean, who makes their own blueberry mustard? Who even makes their own mustard?!
This place was delicious. And the wait staff was simply phenominal. A guy name Rye really stood out, even providing recommendations for other restaurants, knowing I wouldn't visit the same place twice on the same visit =)Don't let the menu intimidate you, the food is amazing! The atmosphere definitely has a "hipster" flair to it and I wish they had other more well-known alcoholic beverages. Overall, I would definitely recommend this to other people. Go on in and give it a try!We went to Root for a 6:30pm reservation. Check-in at the hostess stand- she was unable to locate our reservation made on Open Table. After some nervous giggling and awkward conversation, she found it and seated us. 
When you walk past the hostess stand, there is a mat on the sloping floor covering a bunch of wires. Ladies in stilettos beware because this is an accident waiting to happen. 
We were seated at the end of the banquette closest to the bar. I took the inside banquette seat, while my husband took the chair. As soon as I sat down, the table was almost level with my upper chest. I looked down the row and men & women alike had all taken the back support cushion and stuck it under their bottom to be propped up. I had to do the same. The back of the banquette was really far away once the cushion was removed, so I had no back support once seated on the pillow.
The wait staff, Carlos and Rye, were quite good. They had extensive knowledge of the menu and made good recommendations. No real issues with them at all.
I ordered the St. Peter's Burro cocktail (a vodka based cocktail). It was served to me in a copper mug. This was not appealing to me b/c when I'm ordering a cocktail, I want it in a proper cocktail glass. This mug was more like I was headed out back to scoop up some water from the river to drink. It's gimmicky and really didn't do anything special for the drink that a regular glass couldn't do. (It's obviously very cold in that type of mug, but it really doesn't need to be THAT cold).
We ordered the lamb lomo charcuterie and also the duck rillette. The lamb lomo had an espresso chocolate drizzle. The chocolate tasted exactly like Hershey's syrup. It was a tasty dish, but the chocolate did not taste house made at all. The rillette was fantastic. The pickled vegetables and fruits that came with the charcuterie were all excellent.
We then ordered the pickled shrimp and the Aloo Gobi. Both were spicy, but both were really good. The "deviled" eggs were actually filled with remoulade topped off by a tiny bit of yolk. The Aloo Gobi smelled divine and although a tad too spicy for me to love, it was a really well executed dish.
For our main course, we had the black lacquered duck and the pork belly with lobster. This duck was probably one of the best duck entrees I've ever had. It was smokey, sweet, juicy. Excellent dish. Better than the duck I've had recently at Herbsaint. The pork belly was also well done, but IMO pork belly is on every menu all over town and there was nothing so special about this one to make it stand out.
Dessert consisted of the Meyer Lemon (mostly ho-hum although the macaroons were outstanding) and the Yorkie. I love chocolate and mint, but this did not live up to my expectations. This dish is very good, however it is way too big for a dessert. The peppermint patty is not soft at all. Instead it is a VERY hard cookie (hard like a toffee) with a small smear of  barely there peppermint cream then dipped in chocolate. The homemade very dark chocolate coco puffs are excellent, but there were way too many overpowering the dish. Ideally, this dish would come with the current amount of ice cream (one smallish scoop) with just a handful of coco puffs and the mint milk. The peppermint patty in its current form ruins the dish and isn't even really needed. 
No fancy coffee or espresso here, just french press, but it was very good.
Overall I liked Root. The problem is I'm pretty sure we ordered the best items on the menu. If I went back, I wouldn't want to order the same items again, but nothing else really captured my attention at all. 
Another issue I have is the $10 charge for valet parking. I get that it's in the CBD, but if I'm paying over $200 ($236 for two with tip) to eat at your restaurant, the valet should be no charge (other than a tip of course).One of the top 5 dining experiences of my life.  Perhaps it was the perfect combination of planetary alignment, but I was blown away by the service, ambiance, food quality, and cohesiveness of the menu. 
Inventive, fresh, and exquisite.  I hope that everyone can have the experience that I did.I've been to Root twice now for two very different types of dining experiences, and both were great. The first time was for a girls dinner night. I ordered the Smoked Scallops, a signature Root dish cooked in a cigar box. I was skeptical whether the cigar flavor would be overpowering, but the dish was incredible. It added just a hint of smoky flavor that made the dish incredible. Definitely a must try. The ambiance was elegant but not snobby. We shared several bottles of wine for the table and had an all around great evening. 
The second time I visited Root was equally fabulous but a completely different vibe. A group of us stopped in after White Linen night for drinks and snacks.  We ordered a Charcuterie board for the table, with face bacon, cured duck prosciutto and beet coriander smoked wild salmon. The ambiance was trendy and fun, with an upscale lounge type feel- a perfect stop after an evening of art and wine to grab a bite and a cocktail in a welcoming atmosphere.This place was so good! If you consider yourself a foodie and are into crazy crafted menus, definitely give this place a go. My husband and I had the Cohiba smoked scallops and the fried chicken wings. Would recommend both! The butternut squash butter that comes with the biscuits is so delicious! Go here. So good. Also great beer, wine and crafted cocktails menu. If you love charcuterie --they have a crazy awesome selection as well.Lovely dinner!  The eggplant curry was delicious and nice and hot without being overwhelming.  The truffle chicken liver parfait with house made blueberry mustard was outstanding.  My husband got a beautiful pickled shrimp and deviled egg appetizer, and then a delicious short rib clay pot.  Nice service.  Will be back!Great food and drinks! And who knew a restaurant could make their own coco puffs!!SALTY. SALTY. SALTY. SALTY. SALTY. SALTY.
At least one component of each dish was way over salted. To the point of being offensive.
I enjoyed the atmosphere, the service, and the concept. I think the food was seasoned by a 90 year old life long smoker that night.I had the face bacon. Don't google it, just eat it because it's delicious, and comes with pickled corn. Now i will forever be in search of something like this near home...Ordered four dishes. One was very good (fried chicken app), one meh (pork belly rice bowl), two disappointing (pigs ear salad and $26 pasta bolognese). Not worth the price.Wow, wow, wow! 
We ended up here as they were really the only decent looking place open late night in the cbd. Totally funky atmosphere which translates into the food. The dining area was vibrant but very loud which at times stiffled concersation.
However this is the most inventive menu I have seen. While not all of it hits home it is certainly commendable the effort the chef goes through to introduce something new and different. You will not find traditional New Orleans fair. I started off with the foie gras three ways which included wait for it....wait for it foie gras coated in pop rocks, seriously? Evem crazier it worked, my scallops were cooked well amd were served in a cigar box, even the mundane here is presnented in a unique way. My girlfriend has the korean BBQ which was also very good.
I would recommend this for groups in particular as the place a urban chic party vibe to it. In a sea full of french inspired restaraunts and steak houses root breaks the mold.