This hotel seems very nice in the lobby, but the rooms are sub-par. Ours was located on the 5th floors right next to the elevator with a very small window overlooking the court yard. It smelled like a basement. The only positive things I can say was the pillows were fantastic and the lady who came for turn down service was very sweet. 
I think this hotel needs to instill some sort of quiet hours if it wants to set themselves in the genre of classy. Having drunk frat guys making there presence know at all hours of the night is ridiculous. 
I also found out after our stay that my husband had requested a bottle of champagne to the room that was never brought. When he questioned it at check out the lady at the front desk was very rude and dismissive. 
I will never stay here again and I will recommend to my friends the same.I got this deal on hotwire great price, great location, and would definitely stay again.Understand first that this was a party trip with some buddies so I am reviewing the hotel a little differently than I might have if I was with the family. If you can, get a room with a patio overlooking Bourbon St, just part of the experience. Room was clean, maybe a little small but it didn't matter because we spent very little time in the room. The hotel is centrally located, has a great bar/lounge with live music and is connected to Desire restaurant which is very solid. If your room is on Bourbon, it can be pretty loud but with enough libations, falling asleep was never an issue. I don't know about all of the staff but those I interracted with most (bartenders and night security) were awesome. Came back to the hotel one night and Trombone Shorty was tearing up the lounge - unbelievable to walk into the middle of that. Pool area looked nice but never swam. Great place for adult trip to NOLA. If you have the chance, checkout Lafittes Blacksmith Shop a few blocks down Bourbon. 200yr old bar lit with candles and great piano player - a must see for tourists.The 3rd floor King Room had a balcony on the side overlooking Bienville. The hotel has lived up to its reputation.  The staff is friendly and incredibly helpful.  The only issue we had is that the bed dipped in the middle.  We alerted the staff and issue was resolved.  I would stay here again in a heartbeat!A group of 12 girls and I came here for a Bachelorette party and had a two bedroom interior balcony suite and it was AMAZING! 
Unfortunately, I don't have any pictures of the suite because things got a little crazy Saturday night and I lost my phone. But, the parlor room was so perfect. It was HUGE and probably bigger than both of the rooms combined. It had a bar area, two couches (one of those being a pull out), and a bathroom with double sinks, glass shower, and a bathtub. Opening the french doors to over look the pool just added to all of the pluses. 
The staff was so friendly and so much FUN. One of the managers, Danielle, was hilarious and told us to let her know if we needed anything. The concierge, front desk, and bell men were all so helpful and friendly. 
This was also the perfect location on Bourbon street. With so many girls running around like crazy, this was so easy to stumble back to in case anyone got left behind. It  is not the cheapest place to stay in New Orleans, but it is def worth every penny. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a nice place to stay in New Orleans!The staff were exceptionally courteous (the front desk for check-in could follow suit with personality more though). The hotel was very clean, especially the rooms, and nothing was taken/stolen during cleaning when we were gone. There was a locked mini bar and a safe located in the room but no fridge. The restaurants and cafe were great to match the service of its hotel. We stayed here for our anniversary and recommend it to anyone looking for a great location, and great place to stay on Bourbon! I could have gave it 5 but the manager said a complimentary bottle of champagne would be in our room but we never received it for our special day. Nevertheless it's a great stay!Place looks nice but really isn't. The rooms are low quality and small. 
Our toilet is the same as a toilet from a Seven Eleven. Our window is cracked as well.
They charge you to park your car as well. In my opinion when you pay $200+ for a room parking should be free.Simply the best stay you will ever have in the French Quarter.
  The Royal Sonesta is conveniently located off Bourbon Street and right near everything you want to see or do.
  The staff and employees are the most detailed and positive people you will visit while in N'Orleans. 
  I will have to say that Jabari was the most dedicated door man that you could meet on a daily basis. He was always attentive with a smile, a greeting, or a quick bit of information to get you what you needed around town.
  Each day I went out of my way to greet him and thank him for helping, he always went out of his way to ensure that it was "no problem."
  This was our first stay at the Royal Sonesta, I personally have stayed in other hotels, but this place has won me over; I will be coming back.
  The rooms were cleaned with care, the beds had fresh linens daily, there was never an issue with amenities that could not be resolved. 
  For instance, we had a bulb burn out moments after we were in our room. Without pause or hesitation it was taken care of. All I simply wanted to do was inform them to attend to it at the leisure since we were not going to be there often anyways.. that was not good enough, they addressed it with urgent care. Wow, all for a light bulb! I am confident that if I required any additional services they would have responded the same.
  It is such a contrast when you stay  there. The marble hallls, crystal light fixtures, water fountains in the lobby... all about 12 ft away from the loud noises of Bourbon street.. something you just do not expect.. but it is a welcome place when you spent most of the day carousing the area on foot, or coming in from a good night of jazz clubs and drinks.
  The Royal Sonesta is simply a great place to stay at while visiting the French Quarter.
  *Note* As you would expect, the parking is VERY TIGHT, so leave your big vehicles at home.. if you need to bring a big vehicle or have concerns about parking.. use the Valet, they will take care of you. For our mini-van parking was about $36 a day, but worth every penny for security and convenience in the Hotel.Ok my 4 stars are a little more biased than usual. First off, this hotel IS pet friendly. I mean they don't just accept dogs in the rooms, the staff are very friendly around the animals. Getting to the hotel with GPS was a breeze, but it took a couple seconds to figure out that there is an underground parking garage. It was a little scary and cramped for me and my family at first because we were towing a 4x8 Uhaul, but the hotel found a great parking space for me. The hotel is an older one, but it is decently maintained. The one thing that the Sonesta truly shines in is the food. I called in some room service for dinner and breakfast, and both times blew us away. Now if you're in New Orleans, chances are you wont' be checking out the cuisine of a hotel (Why?!?), but in our case our 3 yr old was sick and we couldn't venture out too much. This hotel had everything we needed, and a great staff to get it to us. All in all I give a solid 4 stars for staff, and service. The room was a bit small, the toilet had too much flush pressure so the water would spray out on every flush even with the lid down, and the thermostat was a little tricky. 4 solid stars though.hulamom and i stayed here during her birthday jaunt and it was actually pretty lovely.  the location is pretty good, especially if you're a newbie and you don't ever want to leave the quarter.  commander's palace (hulamom's fave) was booked her b'day night but the concierge got us in...and added a free bottle of bubbly.  yay, royal sonesta!  plus there were rolling blackouts (it was july, y'all) and they loaded us up with lightsticks on our way back in every night.  very thoughtful!Wish there was an option for ONE STAR. An epic disappointment on my wedding weekend. To be continued...Ok. Room was nice but nothing special. They are in the middle of renovations so I'm  sure it will be nicer soon. Staff was very nice. I prefer to be further east towards Frenchman St but this was a nice place to stay.Last weekend I had an incredible weekend in New Orleans with my family. The amenities are great, but even with the Expedia package deal on flight/hotel, I gasped at the price for the room we had. After considering the hotel's location in the French Quarter, it makes a lot of sense though, and turned to be worth it. It's walking distance from The Court of Two Sisters, Cafe du Monde, and many local shops I enjoyed browsing, including a wonderful knitting shop called the Quarter Stitch. Harrah's is a couple of blocks away and if you're not up for walking, there is a cab stand on the corner.
Since this hotel encompasses an entire city block, it is home to a gift shop, a couple of restaurants including the lovely Begue's, as well as multiple bars. At the Mystick Den we saw an amazing jazz show featuring vocalist Betty Shirley. If she's playing, do not miss her.
Dear families, I've heard that if you stay on a room that faces out to Bourbon Street on the weekends, it can be quite loud. We were lucky to get an inside room facing the courtyard and pool. There's no reason not to go to New Orleans these days. Bring the commerce back!The Royal Sonesta New Orleans is well located (try to get a room overlooking the pool). The rooms are attractive and well equipped.  But the real star of this hotel is the AMAZING JAZZ LOUNGE DOWNSTAIRS. The staff are amazing. Janeen is a gem as are the entire lovely staff. The quality of the talent in the Jazz lounge makes the rates bearable. Attended Jazz fest for both weekends and it was a perfect choice.  If you love the option of great talent right in your hotel with thee best service five stars.CAJUN Bloody Mary's! I have to write this because I searched yelp up and down for a true bloody mary on Bourbon St. Finally I came across this place by accident, with pickled green beans. LOVE LOVE LOVE.This is a really great hotel.  First class service and most of all the best location on Bourbon street.  Parking is very expensive, be forewarned.Awesome hotel for events, especially if you're a bunch of dudes, or a couple in town to party. If you insist on staying on Bourbon Street (as we did for my bachelor party), this is a great option. You're in the middle of it all, with classically trashy joints across the street as a bonus (if you're facing Bourbon): Stiletto's, etc.
The rooms are very nice (we had a suite on the third floor). The lobby and much of the hotel are elegant, well appointed, and pleasant to the nose...a contrast to and escape from the madness of Bourbon Street for those times you're looking for a break. If you get a room with a balcony, you'll feel like the King (or Queen, as it were) of Mardi Gras.
There's a nice pool area on the third floor. It gets full so come early if you want a chair. Bar service seemed spotty but we didn't really partake (mostly BYOB and going out). Internet was equally spotty, but that's life in the hotel. The sports bar/grill attached to the hotel, "Le Booze" (YES), had good food and drink specials, and I was able to watch the Euro in the comfort of American soccer apathy. Kermit Ruffins threw a party in the suite directly below us on 4th of July, which was pretty amazing.
Only cons I can think of were the front desk check-in service, which was agonizingly slow (that could have been a quirk); and the level of noise. If you're in New Orleans to catch Zzzzs, either get an inner-facing room, or consider other options. If you're here to "rage," on the other hand, you're in the right place.This place is perfect if you are wanting to stay on Bourbon and the staff is very nice the man that came to get our bags (Coop) was great! They are in the middle of renovations which is needed our rooms was starting to show its age but was very clean and I had no problem with it. This place was just not my kind of hotel I prefer the smaller hotels away from Bourboun...had to stay here for work. This hotel is great if you want to party on Bourboun all night nad have your bed not that far away. I also found that even though there was a ton of noise outside the rooms were actually pretty quite.I loved everything about this hotel! The staff is super friendly and they really take care of you. It's a beautiful hotel with nicely decorated rooms and comfortable beds! It's walking distance to bars, restaurants, shops, ATM, and the parades pass thru this hotel. Had an awesome stay and would love to come back!Very rude staff... with the bands permission, I took the bands tip jar around to collect tips for the band as homage to the very lovely jazz band. Michael White . I am a musician and for someone in the audience to pass around a tip jar is an honor. I was almost thrown out of this hotel because their "policy"... of that "our policy does not condone that". I was literally escorted out...unbelievable! Absurd.Have been staying here each year for a number of years. They have a renovated section that is so much nicer than what I have experienced in the past.  It is crisp, clean, quality (thick, absorbent towels), extra plugs built into the nightstand. The bath is equally upgraded.  Was a pleasant surpriseI stayed here for a weekend and they made my stay so pleasant. Located in a great spot on Bourbon street, you just get out of the hotel and they party is right outside. We got an upgrade to a bigger and more private room in the back of the hotel, so we could get good sleep while people were still partying at late hours. The upgrade came along with a nice wince happy hour and breakfast Buffett which made it totally worth paying for.Fast check in, comfortable beds, clean rooms, no coffee maker on room :(  , other than that it's a great hotel.
Will stay again.If I could give this 0/5 stars I would. The front desk staff is EXTREMELY RUDE. They are unwilling to help with anything. They overcharge you for everything. Housekeeping threw away some of our personal belongings when they cleaned the room. We ended up moving to a different hotel during the middle of our stay. Stay away from Royal Sonesta!I never in a 1000 years thought I would give a Royal Sonesta a super outstanding rating. Lets face it...they arent a five star hotel nor do they bill themselves that way. In fact we stayed at this particular hotel in December and it was just average, we stayed in the one in Houston in April and it was terrible. 
We decided to stay here again because of its great location and a nice deal we found online. Now dont get me wrong the hotel was never terrible just average. However this time a single staffer made all the difference in the World as she tried to "make us Royal Sonesta People" The young ladies name was Amari and I surly hope that the management sees this and gives this hard working Lady a well deserved pat on the back
Heres what happened...we went to New Orleans for Labor day and to celebrate my Bday. We flew in and actually gotten there pretty early and since we called ahead she already had our room ready, I know what your thinking its all based on availability etc but we stay in a lot of hotels and it surely takes some caring for the desk clerk to go to the extra effort to have it cleaned at 10:30am. 
Well Amari knew from our reservation that we were celebrating a Bday and we had booked a room on the Club Floor. She wished me a Happy Birthday and as we laughed and shared some jokes and pleasantries I teased her about about balloons and birthday cards. She explained that as Birthday guests we will get a free bottle of champaigne and she cracked a sneaky little smile and said she we see what she can do. (Now rememeber we already told her we just arent RS People and we usually prefer The Four Seasons or The W resorts)...according to her she wanted to change that LOL.
We received the champainge that evening as my actual Bday wasnt for 2 more days. We would walk past the front desk and she was always there to say hello and see how we were doing. On the third day of our stay we received a knock at the door to our Suite (Oh BTW she helped orchestrate an additional room upgade) anyway...the man at the door was carrying a half dozen delish petifores and a hand made birthday card! Are you kidding me?! I know this isnt part of the hotels normal hosting...this sweetheart bought them with her own money and handmade the card. I was blown away that she would do such a nice thing. Incredible...
Of course we went down and thanked her...I think she was a little embaressed with the fuss but she deserved it all. 
I dont expect treatment like this all the time but for a hotel employee to go to all that trouble just to make us "Royal Sonesta People" it was wonderful. I will tell you this...when we return to New Orleans from now on this IS our place.
I could go on and on about how pretty the hotel was or how great our suite was but all the props in this review go to Amari!
PS...Hey management, yall better hang on to this one, a competitor might try to do some recruiting!So there was so much that could have been so good here, and it ended up going downhill.
So myself and three others stayed here for the past week. it is a great hotel it seems, and it is in a prime location on Bourbon Street. (in fact, it takes up teh whole 200 block)
Well designed, nice old school class. Tremendous lobby, great facilities, etc.. Beautiful Pool, Nice little garden area with Orange trees, etc.
If you are worried about noise, dont be. We were on the 5th floor,and could not hear a peep from Bourbon Street, even on a Saturday!
The Beds are comfortable, the rooms nice, and amenities everything you would want. 
I love the classy, old school feel in the lobby, with the message wall behind the front desk and more.
So if it was so comfortable, then why only the three stars?
Well, the first is the service. we had 3 incidents. Not 1,Not 2, but THREE (we stayed form Thursday - Thursday - 7 nights)
1. We got food on Saturday night. We called and asked for plates and flatware. They said " sure,we will be right up". They never showed. We called again. They still didnt show. No happy
2. Sunday- room cleaning never came. WE thought, maybe it was because of timing. We were up early to go to the Rock n Roll marathon, and got back around 1, and were in the room till 4. So we figured that maybe, we were in there when they came by... benefit of the doubt..
3. Tuesday - well, again. no house cleaning. But we left early int he morning. And came back in the afternoon. Not cleaned. SO when we left for dinner at 5, we went to the front desk to complain. They said they would have it cleaned so when we got back it would be all set.
Wel, we got back,and it still had not been cleaned. At least they brought us clean towels.
So three distinct service problems that soiled our opinion of an otherwise very nice hotel. It could have been great, t could have been the best, and it could have got me to come back more and more
But it seems they have luxury pretensions and decor without the service to match. I will have to think before staying there again, which is a disappointment.
I would not tell anyone to NOT look at it, but think of what you find important, and take it how you will
ps. twice during our stay the elevators were on the fritz as well. One was not working and the other was malfunctioning.
pps... if you want ot use the pool, and the temps are under 70 degrees, make sure to ask hours before. We were interested in going for a swim in the heated pool in 65 degree temps... but it wasnt on, and were told it would take 4-5 hours to get warmed up!I really love this place 
It's very elegant 
Outstanding food and service 
I tasted a 60 year old whisky for only 300.00 and had an amazing meal 
Will be returning for thanksgiving after  time spent from jazz festThe hotel itself is really nice, clean, quiet ( on the 5th floor) - the staff is very nice and the amenities are good quality. The beds are great. Holding back a star because the location is a little rough, right on bourbon, if you are traveling with young children.The real stars are the staff.  After a long day, we came back, and looked longingly into the jazz club restaurant.  We hesitated, because it was me and a friend and her boy.  And we figured maybe the jazz lounge wasn't for children.  Bryce greeted us and put us at ease, said it was fine if the youngster poked his nose in, and then went even further.. suggesting there was a milk and cookies option.  He promptly walked us in and grabbed us great seats... and before we knew it we were dining on warm homemade cookies and sipping milk and listening to a songstress lull us into the 8pm hour with a simmering rendition of "sentimental journey."  Bryce was truly a star.  We complimented him, as we left, and said his many years in the hotel biz have served him well.  He said, "actually, I'm brand new and I'm a temp."  He's a temp!  And he's a star.  I hope the hotel locks him into a multi-year contract.  Seriously.  He was the quintessence of hospitality -- sincere and highly effective and genuinely eager to make sure the guest was snug as a bug in a rug (or snug as a bug in a jazz club).
On the subject of staff, Andrew at the front desk was also really helpful.Great clean and attached restaurants are amazing. The location is perfect being on bourbon and just a couple blocks from the street cars off Canal. Luckily you can't hear Bourbon St. from inside but you can hear your neighbors through the walls. In all I would recommend the Sonesta as a great clean centrally located stay.I love this hotel. My initial impression wasn't great because the front desk guy was very unpleasant. We had paid for access to the R Club but he neglected to give us the correct key to use for it. It is not uncommon for two women checking into a room with a King bed to receive less than satisfactory service from registration and I am sorry to say this was the case at the Royal Sonesta. But, all other staff were fantastic. Housekeeping, bell captain, R Club assistant Sheri, front doorman, Malcom, were just the nicest and most helpful folks. Also, the Irwin Mayfield Jazz venue is a must. For the price of a cocktail, we heard wonderful tunes from the great James River. Oh, and Desire for food is also highly recommended.The most striking feature outside of the obviously stunning decor is the friendliness of the bell hops, the security guards, and the concierges.  
Love the clean,clean,clean and perfectly maintained lobby,elevator,halls and rooms.  The room was a nice size and the bed very comfortable. 
I was very thankful for the security guards and the obvious concern for the guest safety.  Screening entry at night by requiring a room key of everyone entering, not letting strangers enter.  Wow.  Thank you for looking out for us newbies to the Bourbon environment with this safe haven.  
The crawdads at the pool bar were unbelievably finger licken.  The chicken wrap tasty.  
Having a coffee shop inside the hotel for mornings quick start breakfast, and afternoon caffeine boosts works for me.
The location on Bourbon street makes access to the action perfect.  You walk right out into the crazy , have a good time, and then when you've had enough go back in to the instant relief of calm serene opulence of the Sonesta.  
When I go back,  I'll only stay here.Großes Hotel auf der Bourbon St., welche man sich wie eine Mischung aus Reeperbahn und Ballermann vorstellen kann. Wenn man ein Zimmer zur Straße hin erwischt hat man verloren, es sein denn man geht selbst nie vor 3am ins Bett. Zimmer nach hinten raus oder zum innenhof sind prima, auch Nebenstraße geht. Hotel hat vier Sterne, ist entsprechend unpersönlich bis unhöflich. Typisch amerikanisch hier: May I help you? - Aber wenn man dann wirklich ein Problem hat ist es mit der Freundlichkeit schnell vorbei. Das beste ist noch der Jazzclub in der Bar, der wirklich mit die besten Musiker der Stadt präsentiert. Ansonsten: es gibt nettere Hotels...My entire experience with the Royal Sonesta in New Orleans was a disappointment from booking to check out with the exception of a few nice employees.  I was staying with a group (we had a group block) for a friend's 40th.  The online portal wouldn't allow me to book a room for less than a four night stay and the telephone operators couldn't offer me the group rate either.  I had to call the group sales person four (4) times to get the rate.  Why four times? She doesn't return calls (I tried over a week and did not call her multiple times over the course of a day).  I had to get someone else in the department to handle it.  Several days after I was booked, the person I had been calling finally called and told me I had the wrong rate (at least she got me a cheaper rate).
The top of my comforter had some sort of faded red stain on it (hurricane/fruit punch spill).  It was obvious and should have resulted in the comforter getting tossed.  I expect more when I'm not staying at a Days Inn.  I didn't complain because I had already unpacked and it was a relatively minor issue that I probably would have overlooked if not for what happened.
2nd night there, I left my hotel room around 6 PM to find a room service tray with empty food sitting in the hall.  That tray was still there at 2 AM and 8 AM.  That's right, 14 hours later.  So for those of you that think I'm being petty - hold on to your seats because the incompetence train is rolling into town.  
As I am packing up the morning after night 2, I find my toiletry bag had been moved to behind the towels underneath the vanity.  Why in the world would  someone do that?  Then to top it off, my ziplock bag for my toiletries was  gone.  It was inside my toiletry bag.  I assume that it fell out when housekeeping moved my bag and she decided to throw it out.  Strike 1 (but still minor and I probably would have commented to the registration on check out).
Then I cannot locate my Downy wrinkle spray.  Small bottle, goes in the ziplock bag works wonders taking out wrinkles.  I scoured my room for this spray bottle but couldn't find it.  Strike 2
Now, I am packing my gear and clothes and can't find my heart rate strap that pairs to my Garmin devices.  I had left it draped over my chair on top of my workout clothes so that it could dry.  I literally checked ever part of the room for it.  Couldn't find it anywhere.  However, I did find one of my iPad chargers and apple pencil thrown that I left on my dresser placed into a drawer of one of the nightstands (as you might surmise I didn't put them in there, nor did I put the local magazines that were on my dresser in their either). Neither my iPad nor my two sets of expensive headphones were touched.  Big strike 3
I called for a manager, security came instead.  They were polite, took copious notes, and downloaded the entry logs from the door.
I take what's left of my stuff & leave it in the host's suite (stepping over the room service tray to get there).  I proceed to check out - about 45 minutes after the security guards leave.
At this point I had not been given a summary of charges.  I tell the registration desk host that I wish to speak with the front end manager and I wanted to check-out.   She asked for my room number and said you have charges at (lists 5-7 places int he hotel) and asks is that ok?  I said I need to see the charges but where is the manager.  She said that she didn't hear me ask for the manager and then the other person said that she hadn't either.  I suggested next time they don't use their phones when talking to customers.  She said that the manager will bring a copy of the bill.
A few minutes later the manager, Randy, comes over but without a copy of the bill.  I explained the situation - he asked me how much the heart rate monitor cost and deducted that amount, and only that amount, from the bill.  Not exactly a great move towards satisfying a clearly annoyed customer.
Then I get handed the actual bill.  There are 4 charges on there totaling a little shy of $100 that are for two restaurants, a bar, and a coffee shop that I hadn't been too.  In fact two of the charges were when I was with the party in the suite and a third was when I was half way across town.  I told them that I had to leave for a tour, circled the four questionable charges, and asked them to look into them while I'm gone and refused to check out.  When I returned around 1:30, randy was working the front desk.  He produced two of the receipts - lo & behold - someone was using my name and room.  The signature wasn't close.   Randy immediately removed the charges.  Again, no accommodation was offered.
It's a nice looking hotel, maybe three to four stars but I would never stay here again and caution anyone that does to refuse housekeeping and closely monitor their room charges.
Follow up - GM called me to go over my concerns.  Very gracious call and I appreciated the time he spent with me going over my visit.The only thing I have to say against the Sonesta is, the redo for the bathrooms won't stay on.  Other wise, it's a beautiful place. Oh, the pool is on the third floor.  We did t find it until late yesterday.We stayed at the Royal Sonesta a year ago and it was a fabulous experience. Unfortunately, there have been some management changes for the worst. I wanted to book the Bourbon Balcony suite again, so I called the office. I was told that they no longer do reservations for suites over the phone and to email instead. I emailed the address on website and two days later it bounced back. I called the hotel again, and they gave me a 1800 number. So I called the number. I was unable to get a live person so I left the message. Four days later nothing. After calling two more times, I was told that someone will get back to me. I waited another four days and left my email address. Over a week later, a woman emailed  and said that she would make the reservation, she provided a rate and within five minutes I asked for clarity on the rate--it was three times the rate listed on the website. Another four days go by and a secon associate emailed. I emailed that I wanted to book ASAP, as I type this, nothing. If folks can't get back to you to book a $2,000 suite, it's not worth it.Stayed here for 5 days, 4 nights for Christmas for less than $200/night for a deluxe room. Great value and location. The hotel was gorgeous for the holidays. The service was incredible and the employees are top notch. We got to check in to our rooms early also which was lovely after a red-eye from California. Our room was very nice and quiet (5th level, facing pool). We got a $100 voucher that we were able to use at the jazz club and coffee house which made it even better (the jazz place is one of the best in the city). I would totally recommend it for anyone coming to New Orleans. We were very, very happy with our choice.Super-convenient location, but be ready for incredibly loud music until about 4 am if you stay on Bourbon Street. Obviously, this isn't the hotel's fault.....but the extremely narrow balcony on Bourbon Street is. Great spot, excellent coffee shop, and no complaints about service or quality......just need to widen and connect all balconies.This hotel is on the verge of becoming something very special.  The service is fantastic and the downstairs jazz bar is awesome.  The only area lacking is the guest rooms themselves.  My wife and I have visited this property twice in the last year for weekend getaways and found our room to be quite humid.  When we checked out, the front desk clerk asked about our stay.  When we told her about the humidity issue, she said she can't do anything about the "achitecture".   While I agree she can't fix this issue, others can.  Maybe she could have told somebody?  Maybe a manager or facilities person?  Other than that, I would recommend this place to anyone wanting a true New Orleans experience.Ask for a balcony, the few dollars for the upgrade is worth it.  The last time I was there was a week before Katrina.  At the time they accepted pets and I had my dog with.  They made my stay a memerable one, the staff was welcoming.  The lobby with fine furnishing is controlled after dark.  The location is in the middle of the quarter, you have easy access to all the must visit places all in walking distance.We had a small problem with our room and Mel at the front desk made everything right. Thank you, Mel!Great hotel right on Bourbon St.  Craziness outside the door, sanctuary inside the door.  Remarkably quiet.  Only complaint is that the Internet is so bad -- completely unusable.  I upgraded to get the speed boost, but it is not worth it...  The connection is unstable and intermittent: page loads stall & time out.  Burning through the data on my phone instead.We spent part of our honeymoon here last week for 5 nights. It was our first time in New Orleans and we wanted to experience the real deal. This place is right in the middle of all the French Quartet action! 
Their prices fluctuate almost daily on their website, so if you see a good price one day, don't wait. I made that mistake and almost ended up paying $500 more than I actually ended up paying. I ended up emailing the hotel before purchasing our room and explaining how we really wanted to stay there and that it was our honeymoon and how frustrated I was because the room rate seemed to fluctuate so often and for no apparent reason. Someone named Chris emailed me back and was so awesome and  gave us the lower room rate! Awesome!!!!!
The hotel is very pretty on the inside. You would never guess all the debauchery was going on right outside once you step into this lobby. The staff and bell service guys were all so very nice and professional! The ONLY complaint I have was that housekeeping knocked on our door 2 nights at 10 pm for turn down service. Why would they come that late? Lol. But we would for sure stay here again! We had a great stay!!I loved my stay at the Royal Sonesta! All the staff were friendly, knowledgeable and wonderfully attentive.  The hotel was absolutely gorgeous and its location in French Quarter could not be beat.  The rooms were clean and comfortable.  Others have said they were charged for Internet. I was not, so they may have changed their policy (or perhaps it was free for me since I had a group rate since I was there for a conference).  For live jazz and a drink, I only needed to take the elevator down to the lobby to the Irving Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse.  I attended meetings in a couple of different ballrooms . They were attractively decorated and spacious. 
The bed was a little softer than I would have liked and, although the hotel had a coffee shop and offers room service, I would have liked an in-room coffeemaker. But these were very minor issues. I miss the sumptuous treatment and would stay there again in a heartbeat.The Rooms are nice and the place is clean and it is an historic landmark right in the middle of the French Quarter.  Get a 2nd floor Balcony room facing Bourbon St if you want to experience Bourbon St from above.  Get a courtyard room if you want to have a little more peace and quiet.Beautiful hotel. Great location. Really would love a bottle of water in my room or the ability to buy it somewhere in the hotel. Would have given 5 Stars BUT am dying for water after a Nola night and the staff at front is beyond (!) rude and patronizing telling you to walk 20 feet down outside for a bottle of water. I said I'd love to buy water and I don't care the price but they are lazy and make you feel awful. Horrible when you spend hundreds a night to feel like you are inconveniencing people.Zero star is more apropos!  Surly operator and housekeeping staff do not contribute to their 5 star rating!  Good sized rooms opening to courtyard.  But need to update decor- lose the popcorn ceiling and update the bathrooms.  Guest services should be renamed guest dis-service! Unable to help book reservation for revolution restaurant! Learn fro Las Vegas hotels who book their guests at celebrity chef restaurants located in their hotel.  Concierge needs to check their recommendations- Tableau restaurant was a disaster and 3 hr tour with Cajun encounters was actually 1 hr picking up people in 10 different hotels.  Also driver/tour guide was rude!Loved my stay here a few months ago. One of the rooms was amazing, brand new and very classy, overlooking the pool. The other room was in a construction zone of sorts. We had to walk around/ over paint cans to get to our friend's room. It was clearly in an area where some renovating is going on. Not a huge complaint, but the only reason this is not a 5 star review.
The lobby of this hotel is incredible. I was also impressed by the quality and friendliness of the staff. I liked that they had a gaurd by the door watching people come in later at night. I was glad to know some Bourbon St. Crazy wouldn't get too far if I was followed into the hotel. 
Loved the jazz bar downstairs. It was the perfect spot to start the night with a strong drink, an order of fried green tomatoes and some great entertainment.
Next time I'm in New Orleans, I'll make sure to stay here! You really can't ask for a beter location if you are interested in taking part in the Bourbon St. Festivities.Loved our stay at this hotel. The inside was beautiful and the staff were all very helpful. Definitely worth the cost. We will be staying here again next time we are in New Orleans!!The best hotel in New Orleans and pretty much the 50 yard line on Bourbon Street! The staff is incredible here and we could not have asked for better service! We had a large group (13 for a bachelorette party) and could not have had a better experience! The staff really made our experience fantastic! One of the ladies had a 6am flight on Sunday so we went down the night before to ask about a cab to the airport at 4am- the party is still going strong on Bourbon at that hour and there can be some sketchy people out... The night manager at the front desk walked her out to get a cab on one of the side streets because he did not want her to go alone. The is just one of the instances from the weekend where the staff went above and beyond! They were always so friendly and even were great photographers for our many group photo shoots in the lobby! 
In addition to the fabulous service- this hotel is in a prime location and another perk is the wonderful pool area! Such a cute courtyard to relax in when you want to escape some of the craziness on Bourbon for a couple hours!!!
Cannot wait to visit again!!!Very disappointed in the Royal Sonesta. Major construction happening outside the hotel which they failed to mention when i called. Requested interior room due to noise and was given exterior.  Bellman brought wrong luggage to room. Hotel had a musty odor with visible peeling wallpaper.  Had a reservation for 3 days and checked out after 1.     Hotel refused to give our money back.  Dont book here.We sought refuge here after checking out of the nightmare experience of the St. Marie, a few blocks away.  Talk about night and day!
If you're familiar with the Sonesta brand, you expect a certain level of quality, and this one delivers.  The rooms are clean and well appointed.  The beds are comfortable.  The service is very good.  The lobby is clean and fairly elegant.
The best and worst thing about this hotel is that it is on Bourbon Street, so there is a certain level of street noise that goes well into the night.  I recommend getting a high room that faces one of the side streets.  We had a third-floor room facing Conti, which made the noise tolerable.The good:
Hospitality is awesome here. We were greeted at the door, and the staff made us feel warm and welcomed.
Location to Bourbon street. This hotel is on bourbon street. Right across from musical legend park. Great location if your here for a party.
The bad:
Price! This hotel is about 100$ more than it should be.  Not a lot of amenities are included with the cost. You are definitely paying for location and a name.
Location to bourbon street. Unless you get white girl wasted, the noise of bourbon street will keep you up until about 0330 in the morning, then starts up again at 0830. As mentioned before, be ready to party, or don't stay here.
The smell. As with most party blocks, the streets have a sickly sweet smell that penetrates through the walls of the hotel.
Adjusted ranking from 3-4 stars based on customer feedback. I feel this is important in a consumer/ producer relationship.Stayed at Royal Sonesta for a conference and liked the place very much.  You get the feel of old New Orleans with the courtyards, balconies, gardens while getting all the flash of a nice, new and modern hotel.  Obviously the location is great being right on Bourbon Street but if you are bothered by noise get a courtyard room because the street balconies are expensive (but I like to flash for beads).
Lots of choices down in the French Quarter but if you are coming down you should seriously consider the Royal Sonesta.**Location - You can't beat it. right on Bourbon...you can stumble right back to your hotel room after a day/night of partying.  
**Room - Clean, bed comfie, pillows ok,  bathroom supplies good, shower pressure weak,  toilet flushes like Niagra Falls (shouldn't have a problem there).  lol  
**Room Service - food was good, pretty fast
**Staff - Great .....all of them! 
**PJ's coffee in the lobby - most of you will need this in the morning!Disappointing experience on most levels. Unfriendly service, poor food quality, slim amenities, did not feel hospitable whatsoever. Was very disappointed with quality of food at room service and the lack of any basic amenities in lobby like bottled water snacks etc. menus were limited and not food allergy friendly in any way. Staff treated me like an annoyance.This hotel takes up one side of the 3rd block of Bourbon street so the location is perfect. Easy walk to anywhere in the french quarter. Rooms are clean and if you want to up it a little, go for the R club, check it out on their site. If you want a balcony room, they got it, or if your more like us and want a quiet room, they have them too. They also have a great pool[heated in the winter] with a pool bar with rooms that are located there. If you are going to be out late partying, this property is a safe walk back at night. Parking is in the basement and very secure, not like other hotels that park your car off site. Stop and say hello to the door man Malcolm[been there forever], great guy to talk to who is always willing to steer you in the right way you are going. We try to visit NOLA a couple times a year, if we can't get a room here we don't go. Also check their specials on their site. Pricing many times is cheeper than the discount hotel sites.This hotel is wonderful. My husband and I have stayed here twice in the past year. The staff is always professional and accommodating. 
The rooms are nice, the hotel is well maintained and in a good location. 
I would recommend this hotel to anyone.Checked in last night. Got absolutely excellent service from Mel at the front desk. He is a fantastic representative of the Royal Sonesta!I have never had worse customer service at any hotel I have ever stayed in. First, our valuable items went missing while the maid was in our room. Afterwards, the hotel security who we asked to assist us was extremely rude, unsympathetic, and abrupt. Later, when the hotel staff mysteriously found the items that had been stolen, they were unapologetic and accusatory. Though they initially told us they would recomp our stay, they later retracted this offer.  I would never recommend staying here.Great Hotel Fabulous stay here 
We loved the R club floor and Even more we loved Darin the Concierge on the 7th floor was so helpful so wonderful
And At Desire Marcus makes the most awesome handcrafted hurricanes and is waaaay tooo handsome and humble loved this bar and Marcus was the icing on the cake 
Great location wonderful serviceTHE  place to stay to get a balcony overlooking bourbon street and party all the time. It's all happening below you and right outside your door. If you like to get some sleep, better go somewhere else, it is non stop on bourbon street every weekend.Our favorite stay of the 3 different hotels on our recent trip, and the ONLY room that didn't smell of mold or smoke!  Very friendly staff, great location, and very clean room. Noise on Conti Street wasn't too bad on a party weekend. Next time we'll request a room that looks out to the pool, and spend more time there! And not on Labor Day weekend! Make sure when the Bell Hops call you a cab that you all agree on the fare because ours charged us $5 more when we arrived at the airport.The staff was nice, but so was pretty much everyone we met in NOLA.  The hotel was tired and the amenities weren't worth the price to stay.  Save your money and book some place better, like the Roosevelt, if you want an old cool vibe.   It is on bourbon st, so if that's what you want, this place might be for you.  I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone and I won't be back.We have stayed at the Royal Sonesta Hotel in New Orleans three times now, and will be more then happy to return.
The hotel is smack dab in the middle of everything that Bourbon Street has to offer - the good, bad and darn right strange. The Royal Sonesta is a shoal of peace and quiet in a mad sea of fun, food, drink, and sound.
You will pay for a balcony overlooking Bourbon Street with a nearly sleepless night. If that is why you are there - that is perfectly fine. We prefer the rooms facing the pool and large internal courtyard.
Our room was a good size, the king size bed was comfortable as were the pillows. The hotel staff, at all levels, were extremely helpful and responsive.
There are a couple of weak spots. The wireless hotel phones were nearly impossible to answer. They had to be 10 years old and badly designed. Strangely, the toilet was super loud and super hard to flush. Weird...
All things considered, the Royal Sonesta Hotel in New Orleans is a great place to stay - not cheap - but worth the price.We stayed at the Royal Sonesta the last weekend in August. This is a great hotel, but we made the mistake of asking for a balcony overlooking a side street, which turned out to be very noisy. The hotel is right in the heart of the action and if that's what you're looking for, I can heartily recommend it, but ask for a room that faces in towards the courtyard.A last minute vacation turned into a wonderful vacation in part to the fantastic staff at the Royal Sonesta. 
While I was returning to NOLA, it was a first visit for my BF. So, I wanted to be sure that it was memorable and perfect. Of course, we had to stay on Bourbon Street. In addition, I wanted to be sure that we could sleep soundly when we were ready to do so. If that wasn't enough, it was also important that the hotel ambiance reflect New Orleans. I mean, why stay in New Orleans at a hotel that feels like New York? I'd just go to New York.
So, asking for the world, I was prepared to be underwhelmed when we checked into the Royal Sonesta. Wow. The hotel ambiance was all New Orleans. Good so far, right?
Next, the check-in was delightful. The staff at the desk was immediately helpful. The bellman was fun and efficient. Everyone we spoke with was helpful, kind, and fun. These folks know how to be ambassadors. The staff here sure changed my mind.
If you want to stay in the thick of things with the option to escape, this is the place to stay.A lovely lobby with a coffee shop.  We stayed here 3 nites for a conference and found the staff friendly.  Originally, we were given a room where you can hear the party music in the early afternoon.  Hubby was concerned because I'm a light sleeper and changed to a room in the back facing the pool.  It was so much better and quieter, we didn't hear any of the crazy street noise at night.  
The rooms were clean and nice. At one point we had to call for the house engineer/mechanic to open the small room space because Hubby accidentally hit the wrong buttons too many times and the safe locked us out.  We didn't have to wait long for the service at all. 
The pool area is used frequently by the hotel guests, mostly for sun bathing. 
Weddings, corporate parties are held in the facilities downstairs.  Live music plays most nite for a $15 cover charge in the bar area.  It's a nice hotel to stay on Bourbon Street.We stayed here for our honeymoon in May. We were upgraded to a huge suite in a private courtyard area because they knew it was our honeymoon. When we walked in the room It took my breath away. The room had two stories the first level being an elegant living room and the second level being a beautiful bedroom tremendously large. On the coffee table the Vice President left a card congratulating us and a complimentary bottle of champagne. The room was also so silent at night you could hear a pin drop even though we were right on bourbon st. 
Now for the service unbelievable. Our safe was acting funny so we called the front desk they had someone there to fix it w/ in 5 minutes. The man came in the room and was very respectful of our privacy. They made the whole thing seamless. Everything there was seamless. There were tons of service people around but they made there jobs looks so easy you didn't even notice they were there. 
The pool area is phenomenal. The food great. I would stay here again and again and again. Highly recommended if you are willing to pay a little more and in return be rewarded with phenomenal serviceGreat Bourbon St. location, but the hotel did not live up to the hype.   The room was disappointing....first room checked in had stained carpeting, and the second room was better but still less than ideal.   They could do much better with the rooms.Great location, but very noisy. If you stay here, make sure you get an inside room. The Bourbon street rooms will have you up all night. The hotel is very clean and the service is good.  The reason I give it four stars is because of Revolution restaurant. This restaurant is a must for anyone.First trip to NOLA for a 50th birthday weekend. YES it was in the best location for  the nightlife, if thats what you want. I thought everyone was nice, hotel was pretty, POOL could have used a good scrub but it was refreshing,
Would I stay here again NO but only because i am passed the load noise @ night, was a little raunchy and it DEF got to sticking (in the streets) as the night went on, spelled like puke and urine, no it was NOT the hotels fought. Just for the price i would def go to another location.Awesome hotel. I have been here twice now and love it as it is i the middle of everything as the only hotel on Bourbon Street and really truly in the middle of all the action. You could go bar crawling, and then just walk up into your bed. The reason I like this hotel so much is the service I have received each time I have been there. The staff is very courteous and I will give a special shout out to their AMAZING conceirge, Milton. He knows everything about everything. Every restaurant he recommend was great, and every place he recommended we should go see was worth it. If you have questions about the city, definitely go say hi to Milton and he will point you in the right direction, plus he is always so full of life! Greatest person on the Royal Sonesta Staff, even though you all were great, he is like the face of Royal Sonesta!This was a great hotel.  Since it is on a main street, we asked for quiet room and it was quiet and overlooked a small courtyard.  You couldn't hear anything on Bourbon and only could hear people out in the courtyard which happens with any hotel room.    We requested a quiet room.  Service was excellent, it was a little cold for me so I asked for another blanket and they brought up a warm comforter.  Staff remember your name, extremely helpful and the location is perfect.  This would be a great place to stay.  Even if you want to visit other parts of New Orleans, you are three blocks away from two lines (the 11 and the streetcar) which take you to the other parts of New Orleans.  As an fyi, we paid $139 a night.My first time to NOLA and was crazy excited. Also this was my 19 wedding  anniversary. This was the reason we came. 
We were checked in by Rene. He was fantastic. He told us about some really great places to eat and some wonderful bars to hit. He was the BEST!
Now the reason for the 3 stars.
1.  Our first night I got to was my hands and underneath the sink starts leaking. Water was all over my feet and the bathroom floor was covered with water. 
2. We never seemed to have hot water in our room. I'm not sure why. We called maintenance twice and NO help there.  Nothing like a cold to like warm shower every day. 
We do plan on coming back to New Orleans but will not stay here. We will stay at another hotel and hopefully we'll have better luck.Our stay at the Royal Sonesta Hotel in the Nola met my expectations.  We stayed on the private accessed 7th floor.  Darren, our personal concierge was top notch with a professional and southern personable demeanor.  We purchased a Living Social deal prior to our departure and it was well worth it.  We will return.
Being on the 7th floor, there's a club room and lemme tell you!!!   in the a.m. there's breakfast like I've never seen.  You walk in and it's like...  the Fluffiest Eggs, big bacon cooked perfectly.  You know, like mom used to make.  Nice big pork sausage.  Granola cereal, FRESH muffins, Danishes that would make a Danish person blush.
Freshly diced fruits of all sorts!  You guys really don't understand.  There's a t.v. in the room and small tables to sit with your significant other and just get the day started off right!  
You want be a part of this experience!  The King size bed made me feel like a little boy.  I'm 6ft 220.  You guys have to stay at the Royal Sonesta a go around.  Well worth it!!Ok so bourbon street was fun but I would not stay on it again.  The rooms were small the maid service was awful the room was dusty and the ac didn't work too good.  Our view was of a roof with trash on it and we checked in on a Wednesday. It is conveniently located.  The bellman and front desk staff was friendly  but the hostess at desire was the rudest I have encountered.   Common areas are nice.Quite possibly the best customer service I've ever had in a hotel. Nice rooms and great location in the heart of bourbon street, but the sincerely nice folks who work the door (Malcolm), the front desk staff, operator are reasons I will absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone coming to new Orleans.The hotel itself is nicely appointed. The lobby, grounds and rooms are nicely done (considering you are in a party town)
The issue is the front desk staff. So completely clueless. 
We arrived late in the evening. We asked if an upgrade was available. Yes was their answer.  A room with a nice pool view, except there was no pool view but the view of an awning (forgot to bring my see through glasses so...) We called front desk, they apologized, they moved us to another room... same story. 
They then said: well, does not seem we have a pool view room available, what about a room with a king size bed? Sure... So we moved again (3rd time in 30 minutes)...
Except, there were 2 full size beds instead..
They promised to have it all resolved by the morning. Which they did. Nice pool view with a nice comfortable king size bed yet the hassle from the night before made it for a "wrong foot start".
Also, their internet is the ABSOLUTE worst. I had to resource to turning my personal hotspot to get quality internet connection.
Because of the troubles, they gave us a $100 credit. Decided to rent a movie...worst quality tv/image ever.  
The non management staff is fantastic. Just wonderful folks... the front desk managers and receptionist...not so much.
Great location. Not bothered by Bourbon scene at all (never heard a thing from our room), clean hotel, but boy... they need to get their management team better trained.Best hotel in NOLA hands down.  I love that place and will also stay there.  It was a mystery hotel through book it and I lucked out.  Upon check in they decided to upgrade me to a suite.  Heaven!  The reason I love the hotel because it has old school charm but it's clearly a 5 star hotel.  The pool area is the best I've seen so far and there's a bar by the pool.  They play jazz downstairs late at night.  The bed was comfy.  I LOVED IT!!Very nice hotel right on bourbon street! Very beautiful hotel. Extremely clean! Very nice people working at the hotel except for one woman working at PJ's coffee she was nasty ... didn't catch her name but other than that it was a great stay ... Tony one of the bell hop were great ... extremely nice and helpful! Thank you for all the great service and such a beautiful hotel! Only downfall is there is a lot of construction going on right outside the hotel that starts very early in the morning and woke me and my husband up at 7am .... there's also no room to walk in the street at certain points on bourbon because of the construction so it makes it very difficult to get by and very crowded ... watch out for the many homeless people and panhandlers on bourbon they are everywhere!!Booked this hotel through Expedia and got different info on what I'd agreed to at the hotel. The room was nice, mattress was ok, not great but acceptable for a few days.  The pillows were awful, flat, too soft.  The bathroom was barely big enough for 1 person.  Had quite a bit of plumbing noise from other rooms.  One elevator wasn't working properly so we waited for the other one which was questionable.  Staff was friendly.  Would I stay again?  Probably not, unless it was a great price.even in the heart of hurricane season, our romantic getaway was amazing at the royal sonesta. there was champagne chilling on ice when we got to our room, and the concierge had a list of suggestions to make our new orleans weekend unforgettable. 
the perfect location of the hotel (right on bourbon) allowed us to enjoy ourselves without having to worry at all.
highly recommend this hotel as well as taking advantage of the amazing concierge who has lived in new orleans his whole life.Great location.  Walking distance to everything.  Nice pool area, but gets crowded.  Could use another bartender when they get busy.  Nice that they have a grill outside where they cook lunch.
Rooms and bathrooms are a bit small, but when considering the location and the architecture I will definately choose the Royal Sonesta again.
Take earplugs in case you get a room overlooking Bourbon St. if you plan to go to bed before 3am.This is probably the nicest hotel ON Bourbon Street. In fact, it encompasses and entire city block (Bourbon to Conti to Royal to Bienville). We had a beautiful King Room with a balcony overlooking Conti Street, not too far from the corner on Bourbon. To say it was noisy is an understatement. But if you want to stay on Bourbon, this is something you have to contend with. I'm not exaggerating when I say the noise goes non-stop from midday till at least 4AM. In a town that has 24-hour liquor licenses, this is just the reality of things. I was not too mad, I somewhat expected it. To complain about it is like complaining about how there were too many people for your comfort at Times Square on NYE.
I'm the kind of person who doesn't really care too much about accommodations. I don't stay in the room much, except to sleep or shower. So long as there's a lock on the door, a shower and a maid that comes every day with clean linens, I'm pretty happy. But when it's all very lovely and clean well tended to, that makes me extra happy. That pretty much describes our experience there.
Like all hotels, they try to nickel and dime you to death. It was not too surprising to see they charged for Internet access -- $9.99 PER DAY! Again, I am not spending too much time in the room. But in a city where you don't know your way around, having access to the Web is crucial. I opted for an AT&T Monthly Wifi plan for only $9.99. It was spotty at best and it seems like I had to log in like three times every time I logged it, it worked for what I needed it for.
Not that I used either, but they have a swimming pool (it was off season) and a gym. So if either one of those things appeals to you, they have it. They also have several restaurants attached to the hotel. Stella was the one we chose. It's on Bourbon, so that pretty much guarantees it's going to be over-priced. Still, it was good, better than most of the tourist traps around there.
All in all, we really enjoyed our stay, Dunno if I would stay there again, but only because it's on Bourbon and can be very noisy depending on where your room is. I'd suggest asking if they have any rooms that overlook the much quieter Royal Street side.You want to have a GREAT time in New Orleans? Come to the Royal Sonesta. Its smack dab in the middle of Bourbon Street. What that means, is you can walk out of your hotel, and there's like a million bars and gentlemen's clubs right outside. You drink and party at night, and take the morning to recover and prepare for the next night of drinking and partying. 
Ok, as for the hotel itself, its a pretty nice place. Nothing "great" that really stands out, but it does have a pool which is good for stay cool in the hot humid weather, as well as a small workout gym with 2 treadmills and 4-5 weight machines. If you want an upscale hotel, go down a few streets and go to the Westin or the Harrahs. But if you want to have fun in the French Quarters, the Royal Sonesta won't disappoint.Stayed here for a weekend in Dec. with my boyfriend. If I ever go back to Nola I would definitely stay here again. Rooms are nice and clean. I love how the hotel is right on Bourbon St. Close to everything. We got a great deal, otherwise I think this hotel is a little pricey.The worst hotel I've ever experienced. Let's start with an old rust spotted bathtub, stained bed spread, a coffee maker that needs to be removed from the closet to be plugged in and used, dirty doors and handles, low water pressure/hot water that runs out after one shower, room service that stops at 10pm in a 24 hour town, and a patio room whose purported "patio" is a walkway and entrance to the bar/pool with no access in or out of your room because the key pad doesnt work. How is it a patio if I can't use it? Lets add to that the fact that our useless patio entrance is next to a main entrance and looks different than the other hotel room doors, so every single day from about 7am and all through the night, people are trying to get in our room. We are three women alone and were scared to death at first thinking that people were breaking in. Four days in and I have counted 16 people trying to get in our door (note the pic of my niece having to tell yet another person this is a private room) and that is just during the short time we've spent in the room. 
To make matters worse, my 22 year old niece was separated from us one evening and came to the hotel asking to get in our room. She was inebriated, and I'm glad they are secure enough to not just let someone in the room (turns out she wasn't on our paperwork so totally understandable) but she said they treated her like a criminal. This hotel is on Bourbon, they could have kept the peace and had her wait in the lobby with a coffee while they contacted us since she knew all our details, room number, etc. and was obviously a possible patron. I was in the jazz club literally steps away and her mother was also in the hotel, coincidentally walking to our room, yet they didn't page or call us. I thought perhaps that was their policy, but the concierge had no problem calling us on our personal phone another day to book a tour (although after waiting an hour for that call back, we had booked elsewhere). The night manager's handling of the situation was horrible. 
Also, be aware there is construction on Bourbon. Not the hotels choice, but being that you can't see a thing from the hotel (plastic temp "walls" line the streets for a few blocks), can't enjoy the hotel bar or location, etc. they should notify guests of this prior or during the reservation so we could make choices accordingly. In my world travels, I've stayed in lower end hotels such as Best Western and La Quinta, and higher end such as Sofitel and Le Auberge, and this is by far the worst I've experienced in 30 years of travel. Cannot wait to leave tomorrow. 
Left a message for the hotel manager letting them know about the door issue and that we felt unsafe and haven't heard a word. I guess people are just so happy to be in New Orleans they are okay with paying high dollar for this type of treatment. Not me. Will never be back and will encourage others to not choose this hotel as well. 
My question to management....why is this ok to you? You could easily rectify the door situation with a small sign and arrow, or add shutters so the room doors looks like the others. You say you have renovated, this bathtub is ancient...why? 
On the very small plus side, the on-site jazz club was wonderful and the desk staff are very nice. This place needs management. No excuses for what we have experienced.
5/29/2017: Update to modify the review and adding a star for the front desk manager Randall Long, who returned my call after we arrived home. To his credit, he seemed genuinely concerned with the experience and will be checking security protocol as he said they normally would not handle the situation in that way and he sounds committed to fixing the room and entrance issues. He said that there is normally a sign for that entrance to divert traffic and the patio door keypad should work, etc. Perhaps this is chalked up to "a perfect storm" of events - I am hoping that is the case.THIS PLACE IS INFURIATING!
Uninterested, uninformed, and unprofessional staff make this place a big NO!  (seeing a post about bed bugs doesn't help either)
After weeks of trying to coordinate reservations and information from guest services for a group trip, I finally had to give up. Could never get a straight answer about rooms, access from street due to construction (that we only learned about while trying to book local tour guides).  Always the same story, "oh, a manager would have to help you, or could answer your question, please call back later", or "we will have the manager call when they arrive later".  Never a returned call, never a notation in the reservation to follow up with from the last call.  FINALLY after giving up and canceling this place, I get an automated notification email from them reminding me of my reservation!  SO, had to call AGAIN, to cancel.  
Guest service agents could have cared less, and even continued talking, joking and carrying on together while on the phone with me (which explains the level of detail or follow up from them).  
After reading other recent reviews and hearing that all the views on the Bourbon side of the hotel are blocked as is access there (not that anyone would tell you that in advance) we moved away from this place.  FAR too many other options in this town.  
Too Bad, this used to be a nice place.  GLAD WE FOUND BEFORE WE ARRIVED!Nice hotel. Last night people partied outside our room til 400 am. No one downstairs would pick up to silence them. We had inside balcony facing pool.
Had Easter brunch. Was excellent. Breakfast at the Oyster Bar was excellent also. Overall good experience. Bring earplugs!Pros: very friendly staff. It's on Bourbon Street. Nice pool. Nice fitness center.
Cons: loud construction noises every single day starting at 7 am. We are currently staying here and we regret not staying at the Bourbon Orleans like we usually do. There was no warning online or when we booked that it would be this loud and obnoxious. We had to change rooms already. The new room didn't have any working lamps (they did promptly fix that), the toilet doesn't flush well (you kind of have to push really hard and hold it) and the noise is horrible (loud drilling non stop). We do not recommend this hotel.We just revisited the Royal Sonesta in July. We stayed here last year and had a nice time. This year the hotel was a big disappointment. First room they gave us, after we asked for,a quiet corner to rest, was right across from the elevator and the hotel had a lot of really nice party people, but they were so loud I asked to move. They said, "we only have a room on an upper floor with 2 queen beds."  Funny thing, that is exactly what we originally asked for and got a King size bed on the swimming pool floor by the elevator.  Somewhat quiet room, a little worn, but clean.  2nd day there, the bathroom ceiling crashes down, inches away from where I was standing. My clothes get wet by whatever icky moisture was trapped in the ceiling tiles. I screamed so loud I am sure you could hear me in downtown Houston. My husband comes running, panicked asks if I'm hurt, no just scared out of my wits. He quickly calls down to the front desk, explained the problem. " we'll send an engineer right up."  They live by Southern time, about 45 minutes later a man shows up with 2 drink cards in hand, surveys the damage, hands us the coupons, says it will get fixed, when they can. Drink coupons, really!! The ceiling misses my head by inches, the bathroom is unusable, ceiling pieces are all over the room. A couple of small pieces hit me and he hands us a couple of drink coupons. We can't use the bathroom at all now. Wet ceiling tile is very heavy and could have fallen on my head and injured me had I been standing in the middle of the room, been sitting on the throne, or been in the shower and they hand me 2 drink coupons. We now have no bathroom, but we have drink coupons and a promise to get it fixed. He never asks if anyone was injured, never offers us to move to another room, just hands us drink coupons.  We came back in the evening it is fixed, but now the air conditioner does not work. The new ceiling tiles in the bathroom are already wet again. We call the desk, half hour later the "engineer" shows up and bypasses the automatic sensor and leaves.  Never, Will we stay there again!! When you pay a lot of money for a hotel you expect the ceiling to stay in place. But, if it falls on you, you expect to be moved and would like something more than "drink coupons" and would like to be asked if anyone was injured. Over priced and poorly maintained. Just don t stay at the Royal Sonesta.Pros:  1.) Great Location !!!
            2.) Clean and well appointed Lobby
            3.) Good restaurant for breakfast
            4.)  Solid Housekeeping (room cleaning)
            5.) Very nice art collection on display throughout the hotel
            6.)  Very attentive Bell Staff, Really professional.  
            7.)  Very Nice Balconies overlooking "The action" on Bourbon Street.
            8.)  Great place to come back to after a long day/night out  in NOLA.
            9.)  Solid front desk staff
           10.)  Has a gym with Towels 
Cons:  
              1.)  Pool was only heated 50% of the time I wanted to use it
              2.)  Shower head was falling apart
              3.)   Ice machine was broken for over a day.
              4.)   Elevator was broken for a couple of hours one night
                                           (had to use one far away)
              5.)  Hotel management INSISTS on placing a hot table lamp at the concierge desk directly next to a sensitive and delicate Andy Warhol drawing from the 1950's.  The paper is getting destroyed by the harsh bright and hot lamp.   Its not my $350,000.00 Drawing, so it is okay to destroy it if you own it I guess!!!
Overall:  I think it is really a place you should try!!!!i simply can't say enough about the staff at the royal sonesta. when our wedding was canceled by our original venue 5 weeks beforehand, juan and rachel stepped in to save us from sheer panic here in colorado. from then on, the usual pre-wedding stressors were significantly reduced knowing we had such an incredible team behind us. on the day of, we were impressed non-stop by juan and the rest of the staff (just-right attentiveness, mind-reading, and adored by our guests). the food was amazing (i hear), the courtyard breathtaking, and our suite perfectly romantic. no worries for me = fun and happiness all evening. this is an event everyone will still be talking about years from now. don't even wait until your first wedding is canceled. do it perfectly and do it right the first time at the royal sonesta!Beautiful and Luxurious. Great reception desk: Jasmine and Rita. Situated in the French Quarter District. If you want to be in the mix of things or just in the sounds of things, this is an excellent place to stay. Amextravel.com, thanks again for the suggestion and booking. HAPPY BIRTHDAY MICHELLE!!I just checked out of the Royal Sonesta on Sunday and the service here was some of the worst I've ever experienced in a hotel. After calling three times for directions and being misguided ALL THREE TIMES, it took an extra hour on top of an already 8 hour long trip to find the garage and park. They tried to charge me $41 for parking even though I signed up for their rewards program. Check-in was terrible. The "front desk supervisor" giggled when I explained how frustrated I was with the lack of efficient communication. She never confirmed room type, floor, any of the amenities, how much she was charging me- any basic information that is exchanged during check in. I went back to add parking on to my Rez & when I did, that same supervisor was having a great time to a different couple checking in, explaining all of the amenities whereas with me, she clearly did not care and rushed us away.
Poor customer service continued when I asked Alexandra for silverware. She clearly was very busy talking to her co-worker and couldn't be bothered to look up from the computer to give me the time of day. She pointed to the very busy bar that had an event going on.. I had to walk all the way around, fighting a large & boisterous crowd to get to the back entrance to ask for a fork. The bar tender was confused but gladly found one for me. Thank you, bar tender for being the one of the only helpful interactions held at the hotel! The mattresses were awful and I had some of the worst sleep in my life from that paired with the noise.. not from Bourbon St, but from the guests next door keeping me up late at night and waking me up early the next morning. No one once asked how my stay my going, no one seemed to care at all. I've been in the industry myself for about 5 years, predominantly front desk jobs and I'm amazed someone spending $200 a night (which may not be a lot to some, but definitely for me!) has been treated like this. I don't travel often and this was supposed to be a relaxing birthday trip. Instead it feels like a giant waste of $500. I submitted a survey after check out and still have yet to hear anything from the hotel. I ran into a friend that was staying at Hotel Monteleone that had a great time with wonderful service! The valet was nice as well. They asked questions like "do you need directions?" And treated us like normal people. Good job valet and bar tender guy. The lobby is also pretty but that's about it as far as wins go for this place. I would take a Super 8 with great customer service over being blown off with a pretty water fountain.
*update* someone emailed me about having a free 1 night stay to make up for this. I accepted the offer and have yet to hear anything back. @colleen, maybe you can shed some light? Due to the holidays maybe? Thanks!This was a nice place to stay because of location. I have a few issues with the hotel rooms themselves. If you reserve a king bed, recognize that this is only a request. We were forced to stay in a very small room our first night with very uncomfortable double beds. When moved to a larger room the next day, we were in a much nicer room however just a larger more uncomfortable king bed ( I say uncomfortable which I know is just my preference, but you can feel the springs in them which I feel shows either poor quality or age). I think they are about 5 years past needing mattress upgrades. One other item is that housekeeping will ring your doorbell at 8:30am, so don't forget to put out the privacy sign. The staff is very pleasant and hotel does offer a nice piano bar. Bourbon Street is like Night of the Living Dead by 8pm, so be prepared for either a ton of fun or stay inside where it's safer.ROYAl DUMPESTA. SERIOUSLY???  Four star reviews are a lie. This place smells like a damp fraternity house with no pledges to clean it. Rooms are tiny and make you COUGH all night. SERVICE is straight out of Deliverance. These guys have no idea how to hold a reservation and make you move around like gypsies.
New Orleans was awesome but this hotel was awful.  DONT LET THIS DUMP RUIN YOUR TRIP. STAY AT A HOTEL WITH A NAME YOU CAN TRUST.Overall a decent place to stay. We requested a quieter room off Bourbon street. However they are doing construction on their courtyards that no one let us know about when we checked in. So had to complain about that- the manager was willing to take some money off the room.  The bed is comfortable and the room was surprisingly quiet at night.  Housekeeping did a good job. I personally feel like the staff could be more helpful for the price of the room, but it's right on Bourbon street- I'm sure they are reasonably jaded.....  But you can't beat the location if you are looking to enjoy the French quarter.A friend and I stayed here for a conference we were attending which was also hosted by the hotel. At first we loved the location! It's right on Bourbon St and 10 feet away from all the famous restaurants and bars. Unfortunately our room was on the 5th floor facing Bourbon St., which meant we could hear everything that was happening below us as if we were trying to sleep with our window open... The room was nice and the bed was excellent, but we may as well have been sleeping outside it was so incredibly loud! Why haven't they soundproofed the windows or outside wall?! It was beyond obnoxious hearing screaming drunk people and thumping rap music at 2am when we were supposed to be functioning and presentable at the conference at 7am! We heard hundreds, if not thousands, of people screaming and signing and fighting and swearing and all around tomfoolery every single night. I'm not kidding, it was extremely loud! We kept having to repeat to ourselves, "we're in New Orleans, what did we expect?" and "remember how good the food here is." 
The conference rooms, and hotel in general, were beautiful. The staff were also really friendly and all the activities of the hotel ran like a well-oiled machine. But even during the day in the conference rooms with a wall shared with the busy streets we could hear the random loud ambiance noises of Bourbon St while people were presenting their academic papers. It was very distracting, and by the end of the conference, incredibly annoying. Even though I enjoyed the live music being constantly played across the street, and again the food was delicious and hotel was gorgeous, I barely slept for the 4 days we were here. 
It's likely that I would have been fine if our room wasn't so loud. Other people we chatted with at the conference whose rooms were on the inside of the hotel said they were fine. And maybe I'm just an old fart or something, but I really wish we had had a different room and it wasn't so loud here.Excellent hotel. The room was clean, up to date, ample soft towels, large tv, cold refrigerator, large spacious bathroom...except it only had one sink. 
The staff was super accommodating. The jazz club lounge in the lobby is perfect. The Oyster Bar restaurant offers breakfast, lunch, and dinner and all taste wonderful. 
Job well done!Excellent hotel right in the heart of Bourbon St.  I felt very safe here and enjoyed the location right in the middle of all the action.  Close walking distance to everything we wanted.  We were offered an upgrade at check in - for an additional fee we stayed on the 7th floor which included free breakfast every morning and a free cocktail happy hour everyday from 5-7 with unlimited drinks.  Definitely worth it!Without a doubt one of the best hotels and now my #1 choice to stay at when I go back to the French Quarter!!!  Most friendly and helpful staff I have ever met. Beautiful first impression for my family. Of course a little difficult to get to considering it's location but definitely for sure worth it!  Everything about this hotel was exceptional. It was beautiful, roomy with excellent service from the minute you enter thru those doors to going up to the 7th floor where an amazing club lounge is waiting for you to taste great appetizers and champagne(a lot) by the way. :-). Food was beyond good and great value for money and service was attentive and efficient. Can't wait to go back and hopefully this time can stay a lot longer. Wonderful atmosphere. Felt like I was on cloud 9 the entire duration of my trip.  Way way spoiled now. Definitely recommend!!!!My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon and it was so nice!  Centrally located in NOLA and beautiful features to the hotel.  We had a king interior room overlooking the courtyard and pool.  We had double doors that opened to the shared balcony's where you can easily walk down to get to the pool and bar.  All employees were extremely helpful when it came to holding our bags, checking in, checking out and even at the door and helping us get a taxi.  There are 3 different restaurants to choose from and a coffee shop at the hotel.  Also being so centrally located you can easily walk outside of the hotel to another restaurant near by.  
I also thought it was a nice touch that the bathroom's came with little ear plugs in case the outside noise was too much for you - but since we had an interior room we didn't run into that issue.Excellent staff , well except for the concierge who had a little bit of a an attitude, Any time I needed anything or needed to ask a question the staff here was very quick to respond and answer.
If you want to stay on Bourbon Street this is a great location. But be forewarned. If you get a room that is on Bourbon or on a side street the party noise goes on until late in to the night, early morning.
The room was clean but small for the price. Lots of lights but it turned into a puzzle to figure out what switch combination got them to come on. The bathroom was small also but modern and clean. 
Overall a nice place with a great staff. If it wasnt for the staff I would give it 3 stars but because of them its gets 4.First time to the Royal Sonesta on a trip with a friend. Loved every minute we were there!  The hotel is beautiful, the staff is incredibly friendly and the location is perfect!  I hadn't been to NOLA since 1985 and wasn't sure what to expect but this trip exceeded my expectations and a lot of it has to do with the incredible hotel!What's there not to like? Simple as that. Great location and easy access to Bourbon street or you can slip out the side and head toward Jackson square to get away from the crazy scenes of bourbon street. An elegant Jazz Club is located near lobby and welcomes casual attore and there's also a PJ's Coffee in lobby as well. AAA recommended this spot so if you are a member, check them out.Convenient location, walkable to most parts of the city.  It does sit right in the heart of Bourbon Street, which is worth seeing even if you decide within 5 minutes that it's the last place in the city you'd like to be.  The rest of the French Quarter is right there, and it's fun to stroll around those other areas.  Really, we walked everywhere in the city (other than the airport) from here.
Hotel itself is clean, comfortable, with great meeting spaces and a friendly staff.  I didn't use the pool but it seemed to be quite popular, with plenty of room to lounge and even a little bar nearby.  If I weren't there attending a conference (which to me makes things awkward) I'd be planted there, too.
Price was fair, but like most hotels of this caliber, internet was not free (10 bucks per day, until noon the next day --so if you buy it late, you get even less bang for your buck).  This is a pet peeve of mine, but nothing new to this type of hotel.
I'd certainly stay here again.We experienced the best and worst New Orleans has to offer at the Royal Sonesta.  If you read nothing else in this review, please make sure you CALL AHEAD and confirm what kind of room you are going to be staying in as they vary greatly.  We upgraded our room to a "deluxe", which at the time was advertised as a more quiet, courtyard facing queen/king room with upgraded features.  When we checked in, I found it hard to believe we were in a deluxe room.  It was fairly standard looking (a bit outdated decor) and faced 2 strip clubs on Bourbon Street.  All I can say is that at 7pm it was noisy.  I specifically chose this hotel because it offered courtyard rooms that were quiet, but was still a great location for walking to other parts of the city.  Plus, the photos on the website and all other travel sites I researched made it look high end.  
After speaking with 2 people at the front desk (who were not exactly sympathetic with our situation), we upgraded our room to the Concierge Floor for an additional fee and were told that the next morning something might open up in the courtyard that we could move into.  I can say that the rooms on the Concierge Level were beautiful, exactly what I expected, and perfectly quiet.  I highly recommend these rooms to any traveler. Plus, they offer free breakfast in the morning and drinks from 5-7pm.  
The following morning, we spoke with a very friendly staff member at the hotel who told us we could remain in the room for the remainder of the weekend without any additional fee as no other rooms were available for us to move to.  Obviously, this was incredible until we checked out and were hit with a $400 fee!  We refused to pay this as this is not what we were promised, but it left a bad taste in our mouth.  The friendly staff member we spoke with on the second morning checked with multiple managers, so obviously management there is out to lunch!
If you're a college student looking to spend quite a bit of money to stay on Bourbon St, this hotel's standard/deluxe rooms would be fine.  But, if you're looking for location with a quiet setting near Bourbon, make sure you confirm with the hotel staff before arriving about what kind of room you'll get - or splurge for the Concierge Level upgrade.  The types of rooms in this hotel range from 2 star to 4.5 star, and service ranges from awful to incredible.  It's a gamble!I was visiting NOLA a few months ago (a little late to review) and had a great experience at this hotel.  I was not actually staying at the hotel, but I certainly will next time I come around.  My first night I had dinner at the hotel restaurant Desiree and ended up forgetting my wallet on the table in front of one of the big windows that looked out onto Bourbon Street.  I didn't realize it until nearly noon the next day.  I was going to be traveling for six weeks and NOLA was my second stop so I had a lot of money, movie tickets, credit cards, checks, id's, you name it in there.  When I called the restaurant and hotel to figure the whole thing out they were SO helpful, pleasant, and genuinely caring.  Not only that but one of the security guards had actually picked up my wallet and turned it in for me to find with everything in tact!  I left him a tip as a thank you with the manager and it was the best money I spent during my entire vacation, and that is saying a lot.I am not one to write a review but I definitely had to give this hotel my review.  From the moment we arrived until we left the staff could not have been more friendly and attentive to all of our needs.  Upon arrival we had been upgraded and the room was to amazing.  We were in a suite and it was nice and quiet and extremely clean!  The beds were comfortable and clean.  We are not the type to spend time in the hotel room and the room was so pleasant we actually stayed to watch the football games.  The location on Bourbon is perfect.  Easy to get in and out.  I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone that is looking for the NOLA experience!It's right on Bourbon St. Staff was exceptional. Rooms were on the small side, but that is expected in this location. Parking was expensive, but it seemed like the norm for the area. Valet was the only option.My husband and I stayed here for his b day weekend and we really enjoyed our stay.   Our room was a good size and the beds are super cozy.  It's walking distance to The French Quarter, shops, and nice restaurants.  I would definitely stay here again.
My only issue was valet parking was a bit pricy... $39.00 per night.We normally stay at Le Pavillon, but for Christmas we wanted to be smack dab in the middle of the Quarter.  
When we arrived at Royal Sonesta the hotel was decorated beautifully with lots of Christmas trees and nifty Nutcrackers.  They put a lot of thought into dressing the hotel for the holidays.
The service was fantastic and there are multiple bars/restaurants throughout the hotel to satisfy your every need.  We stopped at Mystick for a nightcap every evening since our little one was with us and we couldn't hit the bars, and the bartender made us scrumptious holiday drinks to take up to our room.
They also have a mini Starbucks in the lobby with tasty pastries and muffins.
This was a great place to spend Christmas and I would recommend it to anyone visiting New Orleans!The balcony room was really small, despite being described as having lounge furniture and a coffee table by the reservations clerk. The room barely fit a king size bed, tv, and suitcase valet. It was, however, clean and reasonably well appointed. 
The staff of the hotel was fantastic. Extremely warm and helpful. Especially the bellmen. 
Location is very good if you are planning to spend time on the French Quarter. 
Downside: cost. The rooms themselves weren't too pricey, but everything else starts racking up very quickly. The food/drinks/coffee/parking/etc are all very expensive.This place is perfect! Nice and clean, and the staff go out of their way to accommodate guests. My room faces Bourbon Street and its a bit noisy, but it IS the heart of the Quarter. Great energy here.Can I say fabulous because this was just a fabulous stay!!! The thing I guess I liked the most was that as you came up Bourbon Street there were two security guards there to check to make sure that you were actually staying in the hotel. This was nice as we saw several people try and get in to use the bathroom or just take advantage of the air conditioning who were truly drunk and needed just to stay on Bourbon Street. The jazz bar was awesome and had great drinks as well as some interesting shows. The continental breakfast on the 7th floor was so delicious and it was great that it lasted until 11 since you're usually not getting off Bourbon Street till around 2 or 3 and you're going to need some sleep. It was wonderful that this was centrally located and that we could walk wherever we needed to go. The only downside is if you bring your pets there's really no grass for them to go to the bathroom around the hotel. No worries though you just have to walk a couple of blocks however it would kind of be nice if we could add some more grass :-)' if I decide to venture back to the Big Easy I will definitely be staying here two thumbs way up!!Had a 3-day business trip here - was a good experience overall.  Nice staff, cute (but smallish) room, busy location in the French Quarter on Bourbon Street - can be loud at night Thurs-Sunday.  The meeting rooms were pretty and well appointed.  I spent a morning at the pool which was clean but chilly.  Used hotel driver Charles Williams for transport to airport - he was very nice and the SUV was immaculate.  Will stay here again!I stayed here during a conference, and really enjoyed it! It's located right on Bourbon street so it's really easy to get to great restaurants, cute shops, and see lots of history. I stayed Sunday through Tuesday and didn't experience any of the noise others have mentioned. I'm sure weekend nights are different.
I arrived at the hotel about 2 hours before check-in, and when I asked if I could check in early, the front desk lady rushed my room. I grabbed lunch and when I came back after 45 minutes, my room was ready. The room itself was awesome! So clean, so roomy, and just really comfortable.
I felt really safe staying here. There was a door man at all times, and they had security officers in the evening.
I did encounter a problem with my key card. On the first night, I wasn't able to get back in my room and the front desk told me that the cards are really sensitive and to keep it away from cell phones, credit cards, or anything with magnets. For reals? There was another guy in line behind me who had the same issue. 
Overall a great experience and would definitely recommend this place.Everything was amazing!!!!!! The Desire had the best oysters!!!!! The concierge Russell told us where to go and he was spot on. Only negative was I didn't have a coffee pot in the room. This is a must stay! Ask for room facing the pool so there's not so much noise at nightWe stayed at the Sonesta on our first trip to New Orleans. Considering that this is a four star establishment we received a fantastic deal through Expedia when we combined the air and hotel. Newbies that we were, little did we know that the August heat had a lot to do with that incredible deal!
We came straight here from the airport and even though we were a little early for check in, we were given our room keys right away. The hotel lobby is beautiful and bustling and the reception/check-in was very friendly and expeditious. The fresh flowers everywhere were gorgeous. 
Our room - a basic King bed room was okay. Nothing overly special but clean and efficient.  There was no real siting area but it was okay for what we needed... a place to sleep and shower off midday after walking around town in that sticky humid heat. 
Poolside was a happening place. Always really busy. 
The best thing about the Royal Sonesta is it's location. Right smack dab in the middle of Bourbon but the rooms are insular enough not to be effected by all the noise and wonderful debauchery going on outside.Wow! I have been to New Orleans many times. I have stayed in some nice hotels. This one is now my favorite. It is located in a very choice location on Bourbon Street. The hotel is impeccable. Nice size rooms, excellent lighting, great mirrors and comfortable beds in quiet rooms despite being in NOLA's noisiest locations. The bar has top notch entertainment. The staff is professional and friendly. This is now my go to lodging place.I just returned from a weekend trip to NOLA, where 7 sorority sisters stayed in at the Royal Sonesta (2 rooms).  It was an absolutely wonderful experience. The RS is located right on Bourbon Street, in the heart of everything.  As soon as you step into the lobby, however, you are transported away from the hustle and revelry of the Quarter into a blissful, peaceful experience. 
All of the staff was so welcoming and friendly, greeting us at every turn.  Ashley at the front desk ensured that our group got inside (quiet) rooms on the same floor, with 2 double beds each. The rooms were very nicely appointed, spotless, and we had a view of the pool. The bathrooms were of good size, and had plenty of room for all of the cosmetics of 3 women. The showers had good pressure and plenty of hot water. The rooms had large flat screen tvs with  a wide range of channels. 
We did not eat at any of the on-site restaurants, or use room service, but we did use the gym, which I felt was more than adequate, especially for a hotel gym (2 treadmills, 3 ellipticals, 1 stationary bike, and a full range of strength equipment, as well as water, towels, and exercise mats. No free weights).
As I mentioned, all of the staff were extremely helpful, including Ebanks, one of the bellman, who advised us of places to go and see, Malcolm, the doorman, who always had directions handy, and Pierre, at the front desk, who checked to make sure that we were having fun and lit up the room with his smile. 
At night, they have a security guard at the front entrance checking keys to make sure you actually are a hotel guest, and the side entrances are key entry only.  I really appreciated this safety touch to make sure none of the drunk partiers "accidentally" wanders into the hotel.I've stayed at the Royal Sonesta a number of times. Since my last stay they have done some major renovations, and the hotel looks even better now! The hotel staff is alway incredibly friendly. Everyone from the front desk staff, bellmen, valet guys, and concierge was great. When we checked out (at noon), I asked the bellman to please check my bags as we were not leaving the city until later in the evening. He offered to take my bags to valet and have them loaded in the car. Such great service!A beautiful hotel with fantastic rooms and great service. I had my wedding there, along with hosting several family members and the entire wedding party. The rooms were lovely and all located on executive floors or upgraded.Had a wonderful stay here for my birthday. The entire staff was amazing and helpful. It Chantel at the front desk truly stood out. She was so helpful and nice. We had a slight room mix up but she went above and beyond to fix it and make sure our stay was phenomenal. Will definitely stay here againStayed here for 4 nights last week for beginning of Mardi Gras 
Wonderful, clean and friendly hotel. The rooms are nicely decorated. The mattresses are so nice and the sheet are as soft as butter. 
I suggest a room away from Bourbon street for a quieter room
I will return here next year with the Krewe of Carrollton parade.I'm staying at the Royal Sonesta now and it's a very frustrating experience. The internet is too slow to function and get the basics done, let alone download anything. I'm here on business and it's 100% impossible to utilize this internet - it has cut out dozens of times today and pages take several minutes to load. I tried to work at the business center (which costs money to access the computers) but nothing has been updated in a long time, rendering it useless. For instance, I couldn't access the Google Drive because the browser hadn't been updated to support it. When I asked the front desk to help me at the business center so I could print out some documents, they said no one there was qualified to help out with the computers. Finally, I got my documents printed when I emailed them to a person working at the front desk to print.
I have never stayed at a hotel where there was a "false alarm" to evacuate the building. This has happened not once, but TWICE in my two days at the Royal Sonesta so far. Last night the entire hotel was awakened at 2:45am with an alarm and an announcement to evacuate the building. 10 minutes later another announcement came on, telling us basically "JK, don't leave your rooms." I have a work presentation today and these interruptions (multiple!) are unacceptable. What is going on at this hotel?
I was excited to pay extra for a balcony because I love balconies, but it's shared with everyone on the floor, with no privacy and no chairs to sit on. I woke up today and walked out on the balcony to find an empty can of soup that someone left outside my room, covered in ants. My friend is staying on the side of the hotel that faces Bourbon street (and she has a chair) and she loves seeing the bustle of the city, albeit the noise all night and beginning again early in the morning is a lot. She appreciated that the hotel provides ear plugs to get some shut eye.
On the plus side, this hotel in the heart of the French Quarter, you walk right outside into the pulse of the city. If I wasn't here for work, my hotel experience would perhaps be more bearable. For my purposes, it's very taxing and I would have greatly preferred a hotel with functional business experience.A lovely hotel right in the middle of the action.  Out one door - It's Bourbon Street with all its crazyness, Out the other - Bamm, your in the the French Quarter.  Love, love, love the location.  Expensive but the rooms are very nice and I think it's worth it.Friends and I moved here post-Jazzfest this year and they were exceedingly accommodating to our group. The staff was super courteous and helped us get a really nice Bourbon St. balcony and adjacent parlor room. The crowd at the hotel is a little older, and slightly tourist vibe, but for being on Bourbon St this is to be expected, and by no means the worst of the area hotels. The Royal Sonesta had a nice quiet courtyard space, some attached restaurants and bars, etc... Location was ideal and for a mellow post-festival unwind, allowed us some final Nola flavor savor. Enjoy! Shout outs to Tony, Bailey, and Real Deal Neal for all the great front desk service, along with housekeeper Anna, and bellhop André! Merci beaucoup, laissez les bon temps rouler!In my New Orleans love hangover, its tempting to give the Sonesta 5 stars, just by merit of housing me for that glorious week. But alas, I've been reminded how much it costs. 
See those $$$$? 
Its an accurate description. And with great gouging comes great responsibility. I shouldn't have a single complaint, but I have several. There's a lot of good, so I'll start with that. 
The hotel is beautiful. Hideo-gorgeous is how I like to describe it: Big chandeliers, big flower arrangements, paintings, mirrors, marble floors, a lush courtyard with its fountain with water lilies and coi. Its grand and tacky to die for. We requested a balcony with a courtyard view, and it was beautiful. The 3rd floor pool is beautiful -but no spa. Wah. 
It is as central as can be, bustling right on Bourbon, which can be great or not so great, depending on your taste and purposes. 
There's 2 fantastic (for Bourbon st) restaurants contained within it. Desire (****) and Begue's (*****) as well as a swanky jazz club, Irvin Mayfields, and bar Le booze. 
The staff is great - door men to bellhops to maids. 
Our King bed room was large, comfortable and clean, regardless of the unappealing stains on the carpet 
The not so good: 
-Its on what has to be the nastiest, seediest block on Bourbon. There's plastic hurricane and pizza joints every few steps, and even better, gross nudie bars facing the front entrance. Their goons try to pull you in when you walk by. I saw horrified mothers shielding their daughter's faces as they walked by the graphic pics adorning barely legal, et al. Nice of Larry to bring some culture to the Quarter, eh? 
Not very romantic. 
-There was construction in the hotel. They contained it pretty well, however, muffled, but infuriatingly persistent knocks and bangs would wake me in the a.m. -and most of those a.m.s, I had hangovers ranging from mild to severe. 
Completely unacceptable. 
-The water would not get hot when I wanted it to, and scalded me when I didn't expect it. I wanted a hot bath, got a tepid one. I washed my hands and got burned. Annoying. 
-The Fiasco:
I upgraded my room to a balcony, specifically because I have a neurotic need for fresh air when I sleep. I specified that  when I booked. The balcony was not private, (ok, fine) but shutters that latched at one time were painted out of commission. Front desk guy was a bit snotty even when I asked if there was an additional upgrade so I could sleep well. 
There was not. He did later send up an "engineer" to "see what he could do" as in unstick the latch so I could secure the shutter.
That poor guy was so nice, and I was mad, but ready to tip him generously. BUT in the end, the manager wouldn't let him do anything, because IF there was a fire, they would be liable -some bullshit, unaccommodating, and a waste of my time. I was really mad about that. I asked clearly and in advance for what I wanted, I paid for it, and I didn't get it. Bad service on management's part. No apology. No perks. No air while I struggled to fall asleep. 
Regardless, of all my complaining, I am really a fan, however, the consideration of cost slapped some perspective into me. 
I would probably stay again, only if I could get a really good deal, but all things considered, I think next time I'll look elsewhere for my private balcony, quaint room, lower price, and therefore, expectation.Overly priced hotel that charges extreme prices for substandard service. Don't stay on Bourbon Street,  you pay high prices for mediocre rooms. $6 dollar Evian water.The Royal Sonesta is an upscale hotel located in the heart of the French Quarter of New Orleans. The hotel is currently undergoing a major renovation. All rooms are being refurbished right down to the plumbing. None of the renovation work disturbed our stay.
If you're driving a car, you'll want to use the valet parking (extra $$$). Check in was uneventful. Unfortunately, when we arrived at our room, we found that it had not been cleaned and made up. As we were calling down to the front desk, the housekeeping supervisor stopped by to check on the room. The person who checked us in was either new or a trainee and he assigned us the room before it had been released for occupancy by housekeeping after final inspection. Housekeeping made up the room while we were out at dinner and the front desk gave us breakfast passes to make up for the inconvenience.
The rooms have been nicely refurbished. New carpeting everywhere as you would expect. Marble countertops and floors in the bathroom with new faucet fixtures. Sink and bathtub readily drain and are without loose faucet knobs. The hot water could have been hotter IMO. The bed had a comfortable pillow-top mattress and pillows were sufficient.
There are plenty of plugs to recharge phones, pads, laptops, etc. -- four on the wall just above the top of the desk and two more built into the side of each night stand beside the bed. That's eight total plugs that are not being used for lamps, TV, refrigerator, etc. Available plugs are often in short supply in many hotel rooms sometimes only one or two in the bathroom. The room also has a refrigerator, something appreciated but not always found in high-end hotels.
Another annoyance was the TV reception. The morning of our first stay, many of the channels were unavailable. We reported this to the frontdesk; when we returned, many, but not all, of the channels were available. The next morning, none of the HD channels were displaying. We again reported this problem and were told that it was now occurring hotel-wide. When we returned that evening, all available channels were properly displaying and remained so for the balance of our stay.
I said the hotel is in the heart of the French Quarter on Bourbon St. Unfortunately, Bourbon St. is noisy and so was our room which faced outward. Bands were marching around long after we wanted to go to sleep. We talked to people who had rooms that faced the inner courtyard. They said their rooms were noisy too because guests would gather in the courtyard and party there long into the night. I'm sure the rooms facing the street are noisier than those that do not. Also, the wedding parties wandering up and down the hotel corridors added to the overall din.
I decided not to deduct stars for the unclean room or the TV reception problems. Stuff happens but the hotel staff diligently rectified them which is what I expect. I also decided not to deduct stars for the noise in our room -- that's just the nature of staying in a hotel on Bourbon St.
If you're planning to stay at the Royal Sonesta, you'll be treated to a nicely refurbished room that is contemporarily furnished. But realize that you're staying in an area that is noisy and it does bleed into the hotel especially the rooms facing outward and near or on Bourbon St. If that's not for you, there are other upscale hotels located a few blocks from Bourbon St. which I'm sure are much quieter.Real nice. Well furnished rooms, great service, quick retrieval of car from parking garage every time, great staff attitudes. It was a little noisy from the foot traffic on Bourbon Street until at least 3 AM but it's right in the middle of the Quarter and that's what you get if you want to stay there. I only paid $129 - so check around before you pay a lot more than that. I may have gotten a great deal or some of the other yelpers may have paid a little too much. Then again, they didn't give me any champagne!This hotel is too aesthetically pleasing to be located on a the corner of a street that smells of vomit, bad hot dogs, and people the size of polar bears in midriffs, unless, of course, you're into that. The hotel itself was clean, and well maintained. The pool area was adorable, but the actual pool was questionable. It needed a good scrub down, for sure. Also, if you're a pillow snob like I am, you're going to want to request extra pillows. They're mediocre, at best. Personally, I found Bourbon Street repulsive, but other than that, I LOVED the city. If you're interested in staying on Bourbon Street for a party trip, I would definitely recommend Royal Sonesta. The staff members were professional, and friendly. If you're more interested in checking out the city for its famous Cajun/Creole cuisine, intriguing history, and unique culture, I would suggest checking into accommodations elsewhere in the French Quarter.Really cool hotel in the French Quarter.  Utilized their ballrooms during Tales of the Cocktail and the facilities were perfect.  Lots of on site dining options and coffee available.
One of my favorite things about this hotel is the bellmen and front desk uniforms.  The preservation of historical elements and odes to the past is just one of the things that makes French Quarter so unique, and well, I like that.I arrived at the Sonesta on a Thursday for my very first New Orleans wedding. Since this was the home base for the wedding, it seemed like the best logistical cost, although for three nights it wasn't the least expensive option.
Wanting the most Authentic Bourbon street experience possible I requested a room on Bourbon Street. The woman warned me that this was loud, but promised this was the most sought after rooms. I am not sure about that one. I would recommend getting a room facing the courtyard, as there is plenty of opportunity to soak in the atmosphere once you leave your room. 
I was a bit disappointed that there wasn't coffee in the room (Call me old fashioned, cheap OR a coffee addict) and was so happy and thankful when the front desk offered to send up a maker to our room. Great PJs coffee. 
Impressive Lobby, great location, good food (the attached restaurant has four stars on Yelp!) Plus, the Wedding Goodbye Brunch was fabulous. I really enjoyed the fluffy eggs and potatoes, so my guess is both of these would be delicious if you ordered room service. 
I enjoyed the little gym and the hotel is in a great spot.Wait wait... this hotel is on Bourbon Street, the rooms are exquisite with balconies to overlook the mayhem below, and the room service is tasty (albeit ours ran a little late and caused some unnecessary stress on the morning of our departure) - what more could you ask for? Soundproofing that's what, especially for rooms on the Bourbon Street side.  To be fair, the Saints had just won, so some celebration and revelry is to be expected in the city of New Orleans. However, partying all Sunday night into the early morning hours of Monday was a bit much for me. Not to worry folks; the desk clerk was excited to inform us that about a year from now (winter 2014) that they will be soundproofing the hotel. Too late for this stay, but hopefully it will help future guests.BED BUG WARNING:
We were in New Orleans for Easter Weekend (April 14-16) and stayed at the Royal Sonesta. Since returning, 3 members from our group have bed bugs at our separate houses back home. 
The bites started happening while in New Orleans, but we assumed it was mosquitoes. Upon returning home, the bites continued. 
It has now been confirmed by Orkin that it is indeed bed bugs, and they pegged the timing to the date that I returned from New Orleans. 
It's a complete nightmare to deal with it, so be warned!I stayed at the Royal Sonesta in August for a bachelorette trip and the location and accommodations were superb. We upgraded to the club level and the customer service provided on that level was well worth the upgrade. Darin, the club level concierge, was always a friendly face ready to help whenever needed and the young woman who worked in the hospitality suite (I believe her name is Brandi) was also extremely nice and helpful. My group also enjoyed how quiet our room was and the pool was a very nice surprise. The pool courtyard area feels like its own little oasis.Came to new orleans for my honeymoon of course we had to get the hotel right on bourbon st and we LOVE IT just rhe location alone is AMAZING.  We asked for early checkin bc our flight got in super early the accommodated us no problem and also upsized our bed to king at no charge. The staff at the front desk is friendly and helpful we were given a complimentary bottle of champange bc it was our honeymoon. WE WILL NOT STAY ANYWHERE ELSE WHEN WE CPME BACKStayed for one night on a business trip.
Highs-
very nice inside
quiet hotel despite location 
cool lobby
cool pool
nice beds
cool nightlights
good shower water pressure
friendly and helpful staff
Lows- 
Parking lot in basement sucksDirty, Loud and Cockroaches
There is no way this is a 4-Star hotel. Nothing about it said luxury or exceptional service. Regretted staying 4 nights there.
From the start there was an issue. I called for an allergy free room but everytime I called, they kept asking me to call back because they were just too busy to help me with this request. And by the way, I spent 4 nights there - not a small amount of money. Finally, on the third try after getting transferred around someone said they would put a note in. 
Next, the room is old and everything has scuff marks - the doors, the walls, the base boards. And it was sooo damn loud and no window I could even open for fresh air. The pictures show french doors which is why I booked it and I couldn't even get to the one tiny window. There is loud outside noise - like a lot of it, there is no sound proofing. And the inside is loud too from the AC which was loud and make all the pictures on the walls shake because they aren't mounted properly.
Also, the lobby smells like cheap cigarettes and cigar smoke, just gross.
The icing on the cake was finding a cockroach on the floor next to my bed. I was on the 5th floor so if there's one there's a lot more. I called the front desk and they sent someone up to take care of it. Nobody from the management team contacted me the next day. If I were managing that hotel, I would check up with that person just to make sure there weren't any concerns.
Anyway, there are much nicer hotels only a block away from Bourbon Street. This one was AWFUL. I will never stay at a Royal Sonesta again.I went to New Orleans with my boyfriend in October and we both absolutely loved our vacation and our stay here.  We decided to stay at the Royal Sonesta based on positive reviews and its location.  The hotel is beautiful and the staff is super friendly.  Their pool was great and the jazz club was fun. For being right on Bourbon Street, it was like a breath of fresh air every time walking into the lobby.  I have zero complaints and can't wait to come back here again!Beautiful hotel in the heart of Bourbon Street. Fantastic Concierge! 
We were close to it all. But careful! The bars don't close till 6 am in New Orleans so you must be willing to hear drunk people outside your window hippin and hollerin'. Haha. Or sleep with your tv on. Our friend said she requested a quiet room and did not hear a peep. 
Nice accommodations. The rooms are clean and big tv's in room. The nightclub inside hotel is awesome and I hear the restaurant is really nice as well.We stayed there for my nephews graduation.   We stay at here every time we visit new Orleans.    We have always been very satisfied,  but this year was very disappointed.   Our room was supposed to be poolside,  but wasn't.   We still paid primo price. .over $450/night and could not even open the dresser drawers because room was so small!  Also,  lots of renovation going on.  This would have been ok, but staff was not hrlpful.  They also turned off water in middle of the day without letting us know so we're not able to use bathroom.   VERY DISSATISFIED.My fiance and I booked a trip to NOLA on a whim -- think "7 am flight booked at 11 the night before." I've had some experience with the Sonesta Boston, so when the Royal New Orleans came up in our package search, we said "why not?" and hit go. It was one of the best decisions we made throughout the trip.
Located smack in the middle of bustling Bourbon Street, the Sonesta is easy to locate and steps away from all the fun the French Quarter has to offer -- not to mention incredibly gorgeous. Upon exiting our cab and entering the lobby, our jaws literally dropped as we took in the chandeliers, marble columns and stunning fountains. Smooth jazz echoed throughout the hallways just enough to drown out the buzz of Saturday night outside. We dropped our things in our spacious (and complimentary upgraded!) king, which overlooked the street below and provided the unique soundtrack of jazz, fun and oddity that only New Orleans can sing. The jazz club downstairs gave a perfect introduction to our evening, with grilled oysters, gumbo and bubbly champagne setting the mood for a spontaneous night of fun and the courtyard, complete with orange trees and fountain, was a favorite as we sipped our coffee and soaked up some long-awaited Southern sun. The staff was attendant, courteous and friendly, which truly made us feel at home in The Big Easy.
In an already whirlwind weekend, the Royal New Orleans served as the perfect respite to catch our breath and really relax. I highly recommend it!Stayed here from July 25-28th.
Was down for my cousins 21st birthday party turned family get together.
This hotel has a great location if your down there for drinking. They have a nice pool, hotel parking, restaurants, conference rooms, and rooms with balconies.
You are pretty much across the street from some of the shadier (Hustler/Ricks/etc) clubs, but I never felt "un-safe". There are two entrances, with the side one locked except by room key access.
Hotel rooms are nice, and large. Cleaning staff are friendly and efficient.
We took advantage of the concierge services. To my knowledge, there are two guys who look cliche Louisana Man (Tall, Bulky, Shaved head Minor Facial Hair) and overall gave very good recommendations and helped up figure out what to do that day. Our flight on Sunday was cancelled, and when I made the mistake of telling him I was stuck there for another day, he corrected me and said "You have been blessed with another day in this great city"
Was 175-180-ish Friday and Saturday night, and 105 on Sunday...
BARGAIN.I stayed here for a few days during my first trip to New Orleans. First off, bourbon street is under a ton of construction and it's loud 24/7. Seriously your windows shake from the sound of construction on top of singing/drumming outside. Wish the windows were a little sound proof. Other than that, the room itself was a good size & the bed was comfortable. Decent tv with several channel options. The downstairs lobby is currently decorated so beautifully for Christmas. Check out the jazz bar downstairs because it's awesome! The check in and check out process went smoothly, so ultimately it was a pretty good stay.Lovely little piece of history. Wonderfully renovated with a fabulous staff. Everyone from the front desk to the bellman to the cleaning staff was pleasant and hospitable. 
Room was nice. Bathroom small. The balcony rooms were amazing for small parties. 
I couldn't give it 5 stars because if you are a light sleeper, you can hear all the commotion on Bourbon Street. Granted, it's a hotel on Bourbon St and maybe that's what guests want. For me, I wanted sleep.Very nice hotel. Brand new, comfy rooms. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The construction was very loud, and they were constantly checking the firm alarms. We got an upgrade and had a room with a balcony right on bourbon...it faced a strip club and was much louder than expected. However, our stay was great and we like the hotel. Will definitely stay again!From what I saw, the nicest hotel on Bourbon St. The pool was a bit dated, but it was a nice option. The rooms were a small, but comfortable. It wasn't too expensive, but compared to some places just off Bourbon St., it was a bit pricey. Excellent location, look forward to going back!So many great things to say about our experience at the Royal Sonesta in New Orleans. 
We just had our wedding there in May. The hotel is beautiful very glamorous and old school, it is in the  middle of everything in the French Quarter. The rooms are nicely appointed and pretty sound proof.
The staff is exceptional! Very kind, attentive and happy to help. I think it must be a good place to work since the employees seem so happy and upbeat. 
Lastly I'd like to recognize the Events staff - particularly  Wyeth and Jessica, they thought of everything for us for the wedding, they kept us on task and kept the party moving at a perfect pace. We were from out of town so there is so much to orchestrate, it was a blessing to have them both taking care of the details.  
We loved every moment of the experience and highly recommend Royal Sonesta and their events team for any special occasion.I had a terrible experience dealing with the management of this hotel. I had to cancel my hotel reservation two weeks in advance of my New Year's eve and New Year's day reservation. They refused to offer me a refund despite the fact that they could easily rent that room or probably even more than what I paid for it. I would not suggest booking this hotel for in advance of your stay date. They have zero flexibility with their cancellation policy. Do not expect reasonable management decisions from this hotel. I promised the manager I was talking to that I would leave a review and they said go for it so here it is. For such an expensive hotel this is the worst customer service I've ever encountered.
*Update
After posting this same review on Tripadvisor, the hotel first attempted to have my review removed. When Tripadvisor refused to remove the 100% legitimate review they then posted a response im which they publicly asked me to email them to assist in the matter. I emailed Alfred L Groos, the general manager who responded to me and received ZERO response. This hotel is far overrated because they attempt to have negative reviews removed. 
This hotel caused a tremendous amount of stress for me over Christmas all over the fact that they didnt want to rebook a room 2 weeks before the stay date on NYE. Its downright shameful how this supposedly high end hotel treats people. Their GM who responds to reviews is just a stooge who doesn't actually contact people back. 
Look closely at this hotels negative reviews from the past...bed bugs, uncleanliness, construction issues, bad management. Just be careful if you decide to stay here when there are great hotels at much better prices just down the street.Great place to stay mostly for the great location! Right in the middle of it all. Beautiful decor and friendly staff.Hotel is beautiful  Make sure you get a room facing the courtyard - or you willhave a lot of noise from Bourbon Street.  Also - it is worth the upgrade to the 6th or 7th floor.  Gives you access to lunge. They serve a great breakfast and ave a good happy hour with tasty appetizers.
Lounge service was outstanding.  Patricia was so attentive.
Hotel itself is beautiful  Rooms are nice and comfortable- not anything special for this quality of hotel.
WiFi is extremely slow unless you upgrade.  you can barely check your email.Lovely hotel.  It's in a good location in the French Quarter.  I would recommend  a pool side view rather than a room facing the street, it's too loud.  Our room was comfortable and staff was pleasantl and helpful.Great location and beautiful hotel. 
Downside is an incredibly too soft mattress that is killing my back.
Another annoyance is that we were gone all day from 9am-4pm. Upon arriving back, our room was just getting room service. That is beyond unacceptable.Nice hotel.    Clean.  They accommodated our request for a room away from Bourbon as we wanted something quiet.    And it was a quiet room.   So thankful for that.  Front desk, bellhop, doormen, sales manager...  All very nice and helpful.  Would have rated higher but cleaning staff would forget to leave clean towels, bath mat or face cloths after taking all the dirties.  Got annoying calling house keeping.Beautiful hotel located on the corner of Bienville and Bourbon.  I always say a little bit of elegance in the middle of well NOLA.  Old world charm, crystal chandeliers.  Staff is very friendly although they regularly understaff the front desk.  They renovated from last year and the rooms are very nice.  Keurig coffee pots in the rooms, nice open balconies, refrigerators too.  Excellent location to watch the action from afar.  Peets coffee downstairs on the first floor and live jazz 7 nights a weekThe fact that Royal Sonesta has a computer terminal for guests to print out boarding passes for free is worth mentioning!Beautiful hotel, great location, world class staff. They have a club level on the 7th floor with daily breakfast, happy hour and a concierge. Darren & Patricia treat their guests better than family, be sure to stop in and see them.My wife and I stayed here for a few nights on our one year anniversary and we could not have had a better time. The room was clean and well decorated and the concierge and bell staff were friendly and polite. We were in an interior courtyard view and it was fine. They offered to upgrade us to Bourbon St. view but we aren't night owls and didn't want to hear the street late at night. The location couldn't be better!! The jazz club in the lobby was one of my favorite things about the trip. We would definitely stay there again if we had to go back!I travel a lot and his has to be the worst hotel I have ever been in. We checked in at 9am and at 2PM the room was not ready. We wouldn't care if the front desk was actually nice but they are rude and treating us like we are nothing. WORST front desk customer service. I will NOT be staying at this hotel. To add more insult to injury when we came back they said our room MIGHT be ready by 3. MIGHT , yet check in is at 3. 
WARNING - do not let the 4.5 stars fool you. Rudest and most obnoxious front desk. Truly disappointed with their hospitality.I lucked into the bargain of the century when i got a room at The Royal Sonesta.  It isn't an inexpensive place, but I managed to get all that luxury for a song.... and speaking of song, Jason Marsalis was in the lounge while I was there.  That was a real treat!
The location cannot be beat.  One side of the hotel faces Bourbon Street.  It's walking distance to so many things and access to public transportation is great.  I had a car, but if I went again, I probably wouldn't bother.  Parking was $18 a day and was hardly worth it when there were so many other ways to get around.
The rooms are spacious and well appointed.  Internet access was good, and moving around inside the hotel was easy.  There are plenty of shops, lounges and restaurants without even having to leave the front door.
I wandered through a lot of other hotels in the area, and I really felt like I had found the best one based on lobby and shops, the lounges, and my contact with the employees.  If I go back, I'll always check this hotel first.  If I have the chance, I'll stay there in a heartbeat.I really liked the hotel in general. It had a relatively convenient locale and the lobby was very nice and it was also great to have a coffee bar and an oyster bar and a jazz lounge in the hotel. The staff was really lovely. If I could rate them separately, I would give them 5 stars. 
However, our room which overlooked the fountain courtyard smelled like smoke or just smelled funky. It wasn't obvious after you had been in it a while, but whenever you entered it would hit you. Aggravating this situation was the fact that they 'seal' the windows with a sad storm window (ours was falling out). You can't let any fresh air in to get rid of the smell.
The room was fine, the bed was comfy. The bathtub could use an update, I think as well as the toilet. The vanity area, however, was very nicely laid out with granite tops.
Bourbon Street is a must on your first trip to New Orleans, but we quickly learned that we shouldn't have picked this location since we're not party animals. It wasn't that we were disturbed by the noise, it was just that we were always leaving to go somewhere else (not always a close walk by). So, it would have made more sense for us to stay in the French Quarter, but close to the Marigny.Royal Sonesta - Best Place to stay @ Bourbon St.
This was my the third trip to New Orleans and I had stayed here for my brother's bachelor party (which was such a better choice than Vagas) so I decided to give the Royal Sonesta a try with my wife.  We had stayed at the Ritz before and enjoyed that location but we thought it was a little bit farther from Bourbon St than we wanted.
This place was worth the change.  You are staying in the heart of Bourbon Street but are treated like your staying at a Ritz.  We thought the other hotel guests would be loud (we like to party AND sleep, ya know?) but they were not and most where considerably older than us (we are in our late 20s).  
One of the funnest parts about the hotel was that they have live jazz most nights and its inside with AC (which is really nice when its hot outside).  We listened to the music every night and loved it.  The bar outside is a great place to have a drink while you wait for friends to arrive.  The pool on the third floor has a great atmosphere.
If your looking for a place to stay on Bourbon, willing to pay a little more (by LA standards this place is CHEAP!) than for a dive hotel, and value good service, don't think twice and stay here, you'll love it.
p.s. They have rooms with balconies overlooking Bourbon but I only suggest that if your ok with music blasting until 3 in the morning.  We had an adjacent street room at it was perfect.Nice hotel centrally located. Have stayed here before and would  agsin.  Rooms are getting a little dated.  Our service was great. The pjs coffee house was really good.  Rooms a little musty from humidity and central air needs an update but we would stay again. Stayed in August so price was very good at this time of yearWe stayed there only overnight, my sister , my cousin and myself; just three gals turned loose for a week! Traveled from GA to  TX. The Royal Sonesta was our ONLY splurge. I had been there before as had my sis, but it was my cousins first visit not only to the Sonesta, but New Orleans as well. You simply cannot ask for more elegance and comfort. The staff literally bent over backwards for us, providing services that really weren't a part of their services. I don't want to name names, nor tell the exact service provided because I don't want to get anyone in hot water. And yes, the service provided was completely legal; it was simply done out of respect for their guests, because we most certainly weren't the biggest tippers... But we sure did what we could afford after the excellent services we got. I'd recommend this hotel to ANYONE! Not Inexpensive being right on Bourbon Street, but for me... it's the ONLY place to stay in New Orleans! Special thanks to the porters and concierge!! Don't know exactly when, but I WILL be back.Reserved two rooms with verandas on Bourbon Street for a full week and had a lengthy conversation directly with the hotel ahead of time as my sister and I were traveling with our 80+ year old folks.  My sister is their full-time caregiver and it was important that our rooms be next door or very close to theirs for health reasons.  After a long trip from the West Coast and arriving late and exhausted, we were forced to go into fight/protect mode as the hotel didn't have our rooms.  After well over an hour, they managed to come up with the right room for our parents, but stuck my sister and I on another floor in the back of the hotel where we had to take two different elevators to get to our parents.  That was just the beginning of our bad experiences staying at this hotel.  Way too numerous to go into here.  This is not a cheap hotel, so if you can afford to stay here, DON'T.  There are way too many other nice hotels in NOLA whose customer service far exceeds what you get at the Royal Sonesta.  If you do decide to stay here, don't pay extra for the concierge level; it's a joke!  Plan on washing your own sheets and cleaning your bathroom.  Don't expect the front desk, the concierge, housekeeping and even room service to answer the phone, because they don't.  Watch out for rude bartenders in the Desire Bar.  Finally, if you need to talk to upper management because you're experiencing issues, be prepared to hear "he's not in today" for 5 days in a row!So glad we stayed here! Beautiful, well maintained hotel right on Bourbon St. (nevertheless, our room was always quiet). The location was great for access to the best restaurants, shops, and local attractions. Reasonable room rates. 
A huge bonus is the Jazz Playhouse in the hotel which hosts some of the top talent, with no cover. Wide range of restaurants within a half block of the front door, including our favorite, G W Fins. 
Hotel staff was exceptionally friendly and attentive. We will stay again.The Royal Sonesta offers excellent service. The staff were quite accommodating, friendly, and helpful. The pool is FANTASTIC, with a bar near the pool, and no city noise (or Bourbon Street smell). The location...was not ideal. We would not recommend staying on Bourbon Street. With the neighborhoods New Orleans has to offer, Bourbon Street is not worth it. Lesson learned for next time. The price for the size of the room...is also not worth it. We were there for part of our honeymoon and requested a King suite...we could barely fit our suitcases in it. The cost was 3x the price of a nice AirBnB. We stayed in two great AirBnBs in the Garden District and Bywater that blew this place away - we don't think the cost is worth what you get. That said, if you want to stay in a central location, want a pool, and don't want to walk far or Uber anywhere, this might be the place for you. The people that work there were fantastic!
Oh and the Deluxe Oyster Bar (and the gin fizz) were FANTASTIC.We booked online. Upon arriving they put us in a room that smelled very musty. Changed our room which was right across the hall from the ice machine which was used constantly. 2 elevators on our side of the hotel with only 1 that was in service. Arriving at airport to leave, noticed that my overnight bag was not loaded in taxi with the rest of my luggage. Will not stay again.I stayed here for two nights during my first trip to New Orleans. I didn't book the rooms but I think we ended up having three or four for New Years 2007. The hotel is very nice and clean, rooms are great, service friendly, and I really can't remember much else though. I think it could have been attributed to the hand grenades down on Bourbon St. though.Nice size rooms, clean, great mattresses & Pillows and a very friendly and attentive staff. The location is also great in that it's right on Bourbon St but at the far end so when you go back to your room its quite. The Jazz club is not bad but there are several that are a lot better just up the street. They were just finishing up a major renovation so the place looks great. They have a good security staff that watches the traffic that comes into the hotel at night. That is a big plus. Pj's coffee shop is is great for breakfast or a quick bite. The restaurant revolution is trying to compete with the top places in NO like Commanders Palace The food is good but far from great and is pricey. They have a way to go to be a top restaurant. I have stayed there many times and will againThis hotel is the perfect place to stay where all the action is which is Bourbon Street. The staff were very friendly and the rooms were very clean and SOUND PROOF!!!!!
I was not expecting to get any sleep since my room was facing Bourbon Street, but I did not hear any noises!Nice hotel but service is a bit lacking.  Left for 7 hours today and returned to keys that wouldn't work and room wasn't made up.  When you pay these prices, you expect a little more than a low level  of service.  Spending one more. Igor here and am hoping for a little better service minded staff..Stay on the R level for the great service, open bar, breakfast, and the fun of being on a special level.
4 The gym opens late but that probably does not matter to anyone but me.
5 for the crazy Bourbon street location that is all safe and sound when you walk into the Royal Sonesta. the air-conditioning is the best I've ever had in a hotel. There is no hot tub but the pool is fresh and salt water instead of chlorine which is very nice and good for the skin.
4 for the fun medium sized rooms. Everything in the rooms was fitted just right and worked except for television that cut out a little but really! Get out of the room your in New Orleans ;)
4 Service is great with only one person early on the first morning that did nothing to help me find a gym. A simple Google search worried right away.Royal Sonesta New Orleans is always so consistently good, I wonder why I stay anywhere else. From the way the bellmen greet you at the curb, through the check-in/registration staff, followed by the room-cleaning crew - everyone treats you as a welcome guest with a precision, grace, and such a high level of professionalism that is evidently very hard to duplicate elsewhere. I've stayed at 8 or 9 hotels over the past 20+ years in the Quarter and off Canal, and no one does it better - excepting the Ritz-Carlton, which due to price is in a whole other world. But compared to the others in and around the Quarter, you cannot miss with the Royal Sonesta - the location is superb for foodies grazing and drinkers pub-crawling; the rooms are so clean and well-appointed; the beds are just right for sleeping; the showers have plenty of water pressure and hot water and are very spacious; and the hallways free of litter and the other unsightly detritus that seems to wash up onto other French Quarter hotels. The Rotal Sonesta truly understands the anticipation and the excitement of staying away from home in a far-away place, and they clearly do the best job of accomodating their clients. I heartily recommend the Royal Sonesta to anyone who appreciate both the value as well as the price - you can get a room for around $100 pretty much year-round - a bargain compared to all those other places nearby. If you choose to stay at the Royal Sonesta, I guarantee you will not be disappointed - are you willing to risk your hard-earned dollars and precious leisure/vacation time on something else that may not measure up?The name Royal Sonesta should give you a hint
This is our second time.  each visit is a pleasure 
The facility is surprisingly cared for with excellent service and management
The concierge was hard-working and always available -- our group made several changes with dinner reservations one night and he did not get flustered
Location location location --  you cannot beat a Bourbon Street location
In side you are in a tranquil and peaceful environment --  outside your are in the noisiest part of the French quarter --- they are geniuses for insulationNot bad.....rooms a bit over priced for what they are.....very very basic.....however they did upgrade us for free to a Burbon room......clean rooms....maid service skipped our room all the days we were there except out last night? Not sure why......close to everything which is nice......nice lounge with great music....decent service... but the rooms well I have had better for the price $400.00 a night........Maid came three times before 9 am trying to clean the room, which after a night on bourbon is not a good thingStayed here last spring on a trip to New Orleans, perfect location right in the heart of bourbon street.  Rooms were large and very clean..cute courtyard and pool area.  The best touch was they provide doormen 24hours a day!  They are really helpful in suggesting places to dine, or shop, etc.  Love the stay I had here!The Royal Sonesta is right on Bourbon St- basically ground zero for French Quarter debauchery in Nola. 
This was my 3rd stay here- but first since their room renovations.  The hotel is elegant without being stuffy. The rooms are on the small side- but hey this is the French Quarter- well furnished and appointed. Comfortable and well thought out deism is prevalent here. The turquoise and gold tones gave the remodel an updated, fresh, Hollywood glam feel. Only thing missing is the fluffy white guest robes. 
Service and hospitality here was top notch. Requests were answered quickly. 
Parking is pricey (again this is the FQ!) in the parking deck under the hotel.  Try to score a better parking rate if you are with a group or conference or park at the municipal lot a couple blocks away. Fitness center is updated as well- new equipment in a smallish space.Our trip started out okay, Tony the bell hop was great, and funny and since it was our honeymoon trip we had decided the royal sonesta being so nice would be a great experience.   Room was nice and clean and we got room service which was great and Mark the server was again fantastic.   That's about where everything stopped being good.  
We tried to enjoy the pool on our visit and encountered the most uncomfortable hour of our life.  There was s group of about 25-30 guests between the ages of 30-55 or so and there were so obnoxious & rude that security was already there when we arrived.   We assumed it was going to be taken care of so we found a place to sit.   The next hour was beyond uncomfortable as the group harassed other guests.  We learned from other guests that one of the rowdy ones had thrown another one of them onto another guests not in their party and they landed on her head and knocked the wind out of her and they were harassing people with kids saying they shouldn't have the kids in the pool. This behavior had apparently been going on for about an hour before our arrival at the pool.   After being asked to stop with the behavior multiple times, they continued to ignore all 4 of the security people for a good 20-30 minutes and continuing to harrasss other jumping into the pool, glass bottle by the pool etc.   they then decided to all jump into the pool after being asked by security not to as a final f-you to security before they were all told to leave.  We thought finally we get to enjoy the pool and craziness is over.  Well the group stayed by the pool, repeatedly came back, security again repeatedly telling them to leave, and they repeatedly ignored security.  They were there for another 20 minutes or so at the exits yelling at guests who were trying to help clean up the mess they made and continually screamed at another guests while he helped clean up until the guests finally talked back and at least 5-7 people in group then repeatedly threatened to kill that guests.  All this was happening at the exit so you couldn't really leave without walking through it.   Finally after about 5 minutes of people threatening to kill the guest security tells them all to leave the pool area completely.   So again finally, we came enjoy the pool, right?!?  Nope.  The rowdy guests have now changed clothes and are back at the bar and the other exit staring at the guests they were threatening to kill.  I am so annoyed at this point, I am like, let's leave before we get stuck in this crap again.  
So after all that I decide not to complain to management till we leave and have paid.  I'm not looking for compensation when I complain, I am looking for a willingness to address and resolve issues.   The manager was completely useless, looked like a deer in headlights and didn't say anything that would lead me to believe they were at all concerned by the behavior when I was recapping the experience which just aggravated me more. I finally just told him I would never stay at the hotel again and would not leave good reveiws and walked off.  My husband told me the three ladies at the front desk proceeded to mock me as I left and sarcasticly said have a nice trip and clapped as they laughed. 
I did call the corporate Sonesta office.  
They did have cameras at the pool so management and security had to be aware of everything.  I understand it Is New Orleans and people are drunk and rowdy, but allowing people to harass other guests for so long is totally unacceptable.
Update:  I did hear from Randy Long who is with the Royal Sonesta New Orleans today and he seemed genuinely concerned and offered to comp our stay.  I restated that I wasn't looking for compensation, I was looking for them to address the issue and not mock customers when they actually give the hotel
a chance to address an issue versus just going strait to corporate or travel reviews.  I did give them a chance.  He assured me they are taking it seriously and will be investigating the incident on 8/12/17 at the pool and will be addressing the front desk staff about their behavior.
Update 2: adding a star for the follow up from management.   
I got a second call today, this one from Alfred Groos the GM who was very concerned about what happened at the pool while we there.  He assured me they had hired additional security to avoid situations just like this.  He was informed about the events at the pool, but not to the full extent apparently, and was launching a full investigation so it never happens again.  He was also going to address the rudeness of the front desk staff as it was not acceptable.  He also invited us back to see that what happened was a fluke and they are a good hotel.  
To all hotel management, this is how you address concerns.   Letting me know they tried to take precautions to avoid these situations and that they would be truly addressing it because it should have never been allowed to happen is so important.Great facilities, decent internet speeds, friendly staff, perfect place to relax off of Bourbon Street and at the same time it is the perfect place to rage before and after Bourbon Street. 
My room wasn't 5 star but you can't expect that from a hotel on the trashiest street in the world. The bed was fantastic and all of the Suites are gorgeous. I would recommend getting rooms on the second floor for the balconies. They are tons of fun on the weekends.(This is from pre-Katrina, although I've heard the Sonesta's caliber of service has not changed at all.)
Loved it. Every moment of it. Everybody was very tolerant and super polite - from the busboy to the front desk staff to the bartenders at the Mystic Den, a great place to begin or end the day. A top-notch hotel. Step from the maddening crowds of Bourbon Street through the front entrance, and you're suddenly in the relaxed opulence of a fine hotel. 
Sure it's pricey, but you cannot be any more conveniently located in the city. It is worth every dime. Fond memories will always abound of this hotel. We especially loved the courtyard suite we booked for Carnival for four years in a row (#3216 comes to mind) where we could relax and party with the other guests (some returning from prior years) while listening to WWOZ (a gem unto itself). 
I've been there other times throughout the year and would highly recommend it to anyone for lifetime memories.My husband and I stayed here for our 1st wedding anniversary.  We made sure to mention that at the front desk in the hope that they could bump us up to a nicer room at no charge.  And they did!
Our room was a suite complete with wet bar and living room area.  About 8 minutes after we got to the room there was a knock on the door.  The hotel management had sent up strawberries and champagne with a note that said "Happy Anniversary".
Our room had a view of the south so we could see the river to our right.  We were 2 blocks away from my favorite daiquiri place and the oyster bar downstairs is still my favorite to this day.  
I can't wait to go back to New Orleans and I'll definitely be staying at the Royal Sonesta as long as they have rooms available.Amazing hotel!  A bit pricey but you are paying for location location location!  Right in the heart of bourbon street you won't miss any of the action.  Very beautiful lobby with fountains and decadent rooms.I can't believe I have not wrote a review on this place.  This is my Fave hotel to stay while in the French quarter. You can't beat the location, a high number one. The rooms are clean, comfy and staff is top notch. You pay for what you get!  Right on Bourbon, you can't beat it. A top floor pool, underneath parking.  This is where you want to stay hands down when in the big easy
Grade: A/A-Sooooo ....this is my second vacation this year to NOLA which I ADORE. My first stay was at The Omni and my second stay was at the Royal Sonesta. I purchased an inside room cause it faces the courtyard and pool but most importantly, because its QUIET...OR so I thought. I have absolutely NO problem with the noise outside, (it's the FQ for pissakes) I'm from NYC so noise is irrelevant to me. The problem I DID have was with THE CONSTANT noise IN my room from the OTHER rooms bathrooms. Every time someone took a crap, pissed, flushed a toilet, hocked a loogie, ran whichever faucet they needed to run, I HEARD it...ALL!!!! Throughout the night. Body functions in stereo and as expensive as these rooms are, this shouldn't have happened. In MY specific room, the walls are OBVIOUSLY thin so I called, got the operator and told her what was going on. I asked her if the RS has specific rooms that were noisy in regards to this and she said yes and proceeded to transfer me to the front desk. I asked if there was a room available and he said yes but it only has a pull out couch available. I was like "What the Fazack, fuhgeddabouit" so me and my boyfriend proceeded to endure the noise for the remainder of the week. All in all the room was extremely spacious, clean and functioning with the exception of a broken lamp on my side of the bed but that's just a needle in the haystack when you have pricey rooms that are not SOMEWHAT soundproofed INSIDE from one another.
This vacation was a birthday gift for the bf (which he also wasn't happy with) so when we go again, I'll have to think twice about staying here.Fantastic decor, great service, clean, and worth every penny!!
I did a ton of searching for the perfect room for our romantic getaway and this was the right choice for our trip!
We had a balcony on a side street and even with all the folks out at all hours of the day and night the noise never bothered us.
The balcony was shared by two other rooms but no one was checked into them the entire time we were there. May have been a kindness given to us from the front desk clerk. When Vance checked in he let them know he was proposing to me! Then they told him they would send a complimentary bottle of champagne to the room to celebrate!
We will stay here again! We lived the room and the hotel!Situated in the heart of the French Quarter but managing to keep the rabble outside of its front doors, this is an great choice for those who want to be in the midst of it all. It was our first trip to NO and we considered some more established hotels like W or Sheraton but decided for our first trip, we wanted to be in the hear of the French Quarter. From our arrival to departure, this was a can't miss. The friendly and engaging doormen and bell hops are out of central casting. The rooms, while a little small, are well kept (I think the size is a reflection of the age of the hotel rather than an effort to cram you in like in NYC). Further, if you choose a room off of Bourbon, the hotel is suprisingly quiet at night. We were able to easily partake in great restaurants, music tours in and near the French Quarter. The location is a definite plus.My husband and I were married in May 2000 at the Royal Sonesta.  We had 150 guest from the Los Angeles and San Francisco area.  Everyone enjoyed the hotel and loved the location of the French Quater.  The hotel has the southern charm and new orleans style that we were looking for and the food was excellent.  
We were married in the Courtyard and used the Grand Ballroom for the dinner reception.  It was hard to explain about a sit down dinner as most Southerners have cocktail hour receptions, but they accomodated us.  One of the touches I loved were the tall candelabras all over the room.  Beautiful.I am currently at the Sonesta and felt the need to write a review:
Pros:
- Decor
- Location
- Desire Oyster Bar had incredible food
- Very friendly staff (yet very unorganized)
Cons: 
-Upon arrival I was asked for my cc even though I had faxed in a company cc auth. I had even called to ensure that it went through. Of course, when I arrived, they couldn't find it so I had to send in a new one.
- The internet speed is horrible! I'm writing this on my phone now as I'm at the hotel because even the upgraded internet keeps cutting out. I'm here on a business trip located at this hotel and I need to be able to send emails. You can use their business center, but have to swipe your credit card to even access a computer.
- I ordered from in-room dining a few times and two of the times my orders were wrong.
- My top sheet of my bedspread has a hole in it
-Housekeeping didn't come 2/4 days of my stay. And I made sure the privacy sign was taken off.
Not sure I'd stay here again. Depends if it were for business or pleasure.First time down to NOLA and stayed here. I absolutely love this place! Stayed in a Conti Room with a balcony. It's on the second floor. I'm a light sleeper and even though there was some outside noise, I slept well. Stayed in rm 2185. There is an oyster bar in the lobby, I didn't go to it, but it looked very good....
The jazz club always was playing awesome jazz... Great musical town.
Housekeeping was phenomenal, Front Desk was so very nice, and the Doorman on Bourbon Street was the nicest Southern gentleman. I will be back for Shore Leave 2014 with the Nola Wenches... Nolawenches.com. you might have saw me dressed like a pirate from the 17th to the 21st of April....Stayed here during Essence Festival. It's been over 20 years since I visited NOLA and wanted the full experience. Boy did I get it staying at this hotel! Driving 6 hours then getting to your hotel at check in and your room isn't ready for almost 3 hours is not the business! We weren't happy, but we posted up at the Royal House Oyster bar and dealt with it. Fortunately, that's the only hiccup we experienced at this hotel.  We opted for a "quiet room" meaning a room away from Bourbon street, so in that aspect the room IS quiet. But the walls and ceilings are soooo thin you hear every conversation and every move your neighbor is making. You hear the water running from the room above you, just every little thing you're going to hear it. All in all, this is a nice hotel. Very reflective of the Essence of NOLA, I just can't stay on Bourbon again. It was overwhelming! Too "turnt up" as the kids say, but I'm glad for the experience. This weekend was awesome!This is a beautiful hotel which is located in the heart of NO.  If you are looking for an elegant place to stay this is the place. They also have live bands that play at night.  Classy place and the staff are very attentive. Nice, clean, great location if you want action but quiet inside. If you want to sleep here at night and not party at night - its a good idea not to get a balcony room. Go for one of the interior rooms.
This is a pricey hotel but if you want a unique experience for those special events in life, this will certainly give you that.Love this place. They are pet friendly and they actually remember my dogs names from visit to visit. Room was very comfortable and you couldn't be any more convenient to all the happenings on Bourbon Street. Hotel restaurants are good as well. Only minus is the parking. $45 a day is very steep. All said it will continue to be my "go to" place in Nawlins.Loved it!  I will be back next time I am in New Orleans.  Everyone was so nice and helpful.  The rooms were great.  The pool is beautiful.  And I LOVED the jazz club in the lobby.  Excellent location too!