We waited about five minutes to get seated for the group of five, and we were seated upstairs. Our server was really friendly and gave us a quick rundown of the menu, and we got the crawfish beignet as an appetizer from the checking on Yelp. Apparently the appetizer isn't free like the Yelp check-in says but it's -$10 for whatever appetizer you get. Anyway, we ordered a bunch of food including two platters of oysters, and we then we started waiting. And waiting. After maybe twenty minutes, our first platter of oysters came, closely followed by the second plate. We noticed the second plate wasn't what we ordered so we asked the waiter who took it back. We then waited for another twenty or thirty minutes for our food, and our entrees came. Our oysters never did. We told the waiter and he said there was a mixup and our oysters were given to the table next to us. The manager came by afterward and told us that she'd give us two orders of what we got on the house (too bad I don't really eat oysters). So I ate my crawfish etouffee and it was quite good. A bit salty, but good. Nice spicy flavor and a good amount of crawfish, both fried bits on top and in the sauce. I asked for more bread as well so I could soak up the sauce. I quite enjoyed that dish. When the oysters finally came after we had already all finished our meal (this was probably another 10-15 minutes), the Rockefeller oysters came and I tried one. Way too much cheese on top! Otherwise I think ok as far as oysters go. Then we asked for the check do which also took at least five minutes to get here. My crawfish dish was $17 pre-tax which is a bit pricey, and combined with the mixup and the super long waiting times, I wouldn't suggest coming here. The waiter apologized many times for the mixup which is fine, but it doesn't excuse the super long wait times for our main entrees. To be fair, my food (the crawfish etouffee) was quite good and deserves 4 stars, but the long long long wait and inefficiencies (I'm excusing the mix-up with the oysters because there was a miscommunication which I understand happens - what isn't excusable is how long we waited for our entrees/other dishes, the check, etc etc) subtracted 1 star.I make a bee-line to this place whenever I have the occasion to be in New Orleans hoping that one day I'll get to sit on the balcony and people-watch. While the Grande Scheme has never been fully executed, I still manage to enjoy sitting at the bar downstairs or up. Service is very attentive, and food is everything for which one could wish for in New Orleans. I had the linguine pasta tossed with spinach and mushrooms in a scampi sauce and topped with fried oysters. Usually I just get the signature grilled oysters, a loaf of french bread, and a nice refreshing Long Island Iced Tea. Bring a date: Outside seating is for 2/table max.Our food was cold our wonderful waitress Sydney came back have it heated for us  And she stood there to make sure that we try that that it would be hot.  Well I lied and told her that it was hot because I was starving.  Sydney all of these stars are for you and you only. You were incredible.The French onion soup is delicious.  The Poor boy sandwich would be better if the bread was softer. Use the free appetizers coupon.. Service was very good.This place was delicious. The crab fingers appetizer was fabulous!!! It's like $10 and you don't even know how good. You must try. We got the shrimp po boy and the chargrilled oysters too. They were also handsome. Check this place out.Must get the char grilled oysters! Creole shrimp was bomb, gator bites on point and the crawfish ravioli was to die for. Cute spot that offers upstairs dining and balcony seating, if you prefer. A must go to while staying in Nola!In our group we had the crab claw, fried shrimp, fried oysters, a dozen oysters, and banana bread. The crab claw appetizer is recommendable. The oysters the biggest I've ever had, and very fresh, but more on the mild side. The fried stuff were also fresh but the batter much too salty. The Bloody Mary could also have been so delicious but again was overly salty. Good ambience and great service.We had friends recommend that we go to the Royal House on a recent trip to NOLA. It was our first destination for lunch on day 1. We told our waiter Chris that we wanted to share several dishes. He suggested the best oysters we had ever had! We followed that with a salad and a po boy. The food was just what we wanted. I had to have a hurricane of course too.  Chris was so great that we came back everyday on our trip to sit at the bar and have oysters and drinks. I can't wait to go back!!Stopped in during a a weekend trip to Nawlins. For appetizers, grilled oysters were awesome. The Taste of New Orleans platter was also very good for an entree. Grits could have used more flavor. Great ambience and energy and the service was personalized and prompt.Food was ok.  Cocktails were very bad!!  We were very surprised this place had such high ratings.Food was incredible! We had the oysters, stuffed mushrooms, and the crab claws, and everything was fantastic. Our server Tina was the best. Excellent service!French onion soup was great.  The chargrilled oysters are on the small side compared to dragos which are big and great.  They're still okay here.  We like this place because we can sit by open window and we are never disappointed.  We just go to Dragos for our chargrilled oysters usually.  We will be back to royal houseI came in on the night Hurricane Nate skipped New Orleans and sat at the oyster bar. I had chargrilled oysters that were amazing. I used my bread to sip up the butter/cheese/garlic sauce that was left in the shells and when that was gone I received crackers as well and used those for the rest of it. My server/oyster shucker was Antoine and he was very friendly and helpful. Their chicken and andouille sausage gumbo is amazing though not as spicy as some would like I think. I had the Dark and Stormy cocktail which was pretty fantastic as well.Very slow service.  It took us 20 minutes just to get a waiter, while all this time one of the waiters was reciting his life story to the table next to us.  The entire thing including how his family got to the US and how he wasn't born in New Orleans, but got there when he was very young so he felt like a native.  Finally someone showed up, but it took another 20 minutes to get our po-boys. The food was bad too. The bread was dry, the meat hard, and the shrimp had not been deveined.
They even messed up one of the tomato slices in the po-boy.  Three out of four were good, one slice was bad.  How do you mess up a slice of tomato?  All you have to do is a pick a good tomato and cut it.
Unfortunately, after waiting so long for the food, there was no point going somewhere else at that point.Walked in. Seated quick. Quick drinks... Then no contact. We wanted to order for a while then magically as I type this for you our waitress appears and we order the "taste of New Orleans" and the "Po Boi" also stuffed mushrooms to get started!!!!!This restaurant has the worst service of any restaurant I have ever been to in NOLA. Went in at 8:30 and was seated at a two top by the window across from the bar. Frazzled waitress came by for drink order and I quickly gave her the order. Also tried to order some crab that they did not have because they were not in season?? Why did the menu not say "seasonal" by that item then? So after 10 minutes the frazzled waitress comes back by and recites our drink order again....okay thank you for reciting to me what I already knew I ordered because I wanted it. Now why haven't you put that order in? Needless to say we left and had dinner and drinks elsewhere. No idea why people have rated this restaurant so highly. Sad we had the experience we had. :-(Very cramp, the tables that seat 4 are small card tables, knees are knocking.  Wait staff is friendly and helpful.  Food is good.  Bloody Mary not so - weak and glass tall and skinny.Food was just okay and overpriced. Three of us ate the appetizer, grilled oysters and they all had tummy ache a couple of hours later. :( I had the Alaskan Snow Crab which was either overcooked or not fresh because the meat was stuck on the shells, some parts of it were cold, too. It was also too salty, you would not be able to finish it. Steak was good but overpriced. We all liked the banana foster with cheesecake. Service was not that great. We were initially invited in then sent back out saying the table apparently wasn't ready. We went back in and went upstairs and the table still wasn't ready. We stood around for about 5minutes upstairs while waiting for them to set up.My boyfriend and I had a delicious meal here on Sunday night.  There was a wait for the balcony seating, so we went ahead and sat downstairs because we were hungry.  We shared the stuffed mushrooms to start, and they were delicious. I was only able to eat a couple because they were quite rich but perfect for sharing.  My boyfriend started with some chargrilled oysters, which he greatly enjoyed.  I got the red beans and rice, which I enjoyed.  My boyfriend got the crawfish étouffée, and he absolutely loved it.  I tried a bite and thought it was delicious, but a little too rich for me to have as a main course.  It was a delicious restaurant that I would recommend.Lots of hype but a little disappointed as food (jambalaya) came out warm and didn't looks freshly made. It did had taste though so giving them benefit of doubt. Place seems to be busy so you don't get much of special attn on service side. 3/5 I think is being generous here for first timers.The food is JUST ok. It's adequate in an area where you're walking distance from extraordinary. The price to food portion ratio is also WAY off (don't get the gater appetizer, it basically comes in a shot glass). If you're on the fence enough to check a Yelp review, I'm certain you can do better in that area.Great service and staff
food was fun.  Ate  a lot of oysters here.   Oysters seem not as clean as I am used to but that must be a  regional thing.   Tasty drinks
overall solid experienceGeorge was our server and his recommendations were on point. We order the alligator and the shrimp po boys. So good! But the crab claw appetizer was to die for. I wish I had a bag to take home the sauce in and try to duplicate!This was our first meal in NOLA and I was super excited to eat.  We happened to stumble upon this place and it got good yelp reviews so I thought why not.  There was also a small line outside the door before it opened.  The environment was quite nice and we were seated by the window.  The service was SPECTACULAR.  However, we were less impressed with the food.  I ordered the sampler which was jambalaya, gumbo, and etouffee.  My friend order the shrimp po boy with fries.  I don't know if I was just hyping it up too much, but the food was just okay.Food was terrible , waited over 30 min to be greeted and for water and spent almost our whole night there service was just that slow would never come back.We had to wait outside for about an hour while the kitchen staff was taking a break?  Really?  They should have seated us and said, we have wait a little while to take your order because we've been so busy.  So have a few drinks and relax.  Owner would have liked the revenue I'm sure.  Ok, with that said, I had almost every type of oyster and they were awesome.  Raw, royale, Rockefeller, and grilled.  OMG!!!!This place is in a great spot in the French Quarter, right in the middle by the courthouse.  I went with a couple of colleagues that evening upon reading good reviews. The food was decent. It wasn't standout but decent for the area and price point. I had the redfish and another colleague had the ribeye. We also ordered stuff mushrooms and the tacos for appetizer. Unfortunately the bad outweighed the good. Our seat, right in the middle of the dining room, smelled like million armpits and wet feet jammed in my nostrils. It was so incredibly offputting. This may be a one off, but this should never happen. I'm hoping it wasn't  eminating from the kitchen... just for this reason I can't  justify giving this restaurant anything but a single star. Management needs to be on top of stuff like this.Had dinner alone at the bar. Good cold beer. Excellent big creamy raw oysters. Amazing oyster pasta.What a fun night celebrating our birthday! Had oysters chargrilled and thanks to yelp for our appetizer discount. Shout out to yelp! Lovely voodoo drink, I wanted a hurricane but Heidi suggested this drink!!! Had tortellini and some raviolis. The ettouffe had battered crawfish and rice. Then we had bread pudding!!!! Lovely time!!!! Lovely people!!!!We ate here after Jazz fest 5/6/2013... I wish I could give this place a .5. It was one of the worst places I have ever eaten in my entire life. I would eat some dirty street food before eating or drinking here again. First and foremost, we had the worst service, the fellow we had didn't even deserve a tip, his service was atrocious at best. We started with drinks I ordered a pear martini and my other ordered a bloody mary. The pear martini was made with the Worst tasting ingredients of all time and so much melon liquor that is all I could taste.  so bad. The bloody mary I am told was just as bad and overly salty. (We never got another drink because the server was too busy to wait on us and never again once throughout the entire meal asked if we wanted a water or another drink). We then ordered the spinach and artichoke dip which was actually very good, it is a very simple thing to make. Unfortunately, when the waiter took our drink order when he took our food order as well and we never saw him again until we were finished with our meals. I ordered the steak because I don't eat seafood. First mistake because it is USDA choice beef being the worst quality of beef with a better name. The steak came out under cooked, flavorless and cold. It said Cajun and creole, this is laughable!!! The sides were just as bad as the steak, cold and flavorless. My other ordered gumbo and oysters. The gumbo was flavorless and to his knowledge there was no seafood in a seafood gumbo. As horrible and repulsive as the oysters looked to me and my other half, he said they tasted fine and they didn't make him sick so that is all that matters. But if you could see oysters before you bought them we wouldn't of bought them because they looked like the lowest quality oysters ever. If our server would of came back and asked how our meal was I would of sent mine back and asked for nothing else. I ate about a quarter of a $30.00 steak when the server took my plate he didn't even ask if I was done or how my meal was. He took my others plate and again didn't ask him if he was done and he was in fact still eating. (this was again the first time we saw our waiter since he took our order and no other server checked on us through the entire meal). This place is a tourist trap that gets tourists with their balcony!!!) We tipped the dude $9.00 on a $100.00 bill but he didn't even deserve a dollar. I am one to tip very well when warranted,  if you are a good server and even if you are having a bad day and I can tell I still  tip well but if you give it no effort at all you deserve no tip!!! The food and service at this place are absolutely horrendous!!! Save your money and your time!!!!a great stop for the family in the Quarter. something all of us loved - the balcony was great to people watch. great service too, also a discount for being a local resident! who would thunk it?The menu here is filled with amazing options. We ordered    half shell raw oysters that were pretty big and tasted great. I ordered the crawfish ravioli which was absolutely amazing.Loved the food and the service here.
Oysters on the half shell ($13) - shucked at my order and were served in the briny juice with all the fixin's and were delicious.
Oyster tacos ($10) - four tacos as an appetizer. Layered flavors - I would have ordered these as a main.
Shrimp Creol ($16) - served with rice a great spice to it.
We caved and had the Bananas Foster for dessert because...we could. Yummm.
Drinks, food, THANKS BECKS for the great service and awesome one-liners. Much appreciated.
Also loved the balcony seating on a gorgeous night in NOLA.Etouffee and chargrilled ousters were as good as advertised. Would definitely come back.The food was great large portions. Cold drinks and great staff will come back again if we are ever in town again. On vacation and this was a wise choice for our first meal in New Orleans.Sad, sad sad. Quite honestly some of the worst BBQ shrimp and grits I've ever had the displeasure of eating. And unfortunately, our meals took an hour to come out. I love New Orleans, I love good restaurants, this is not it. Move on...and consider yourself lucky that I've taken one for the team.Mediocre food at ridiculous prices. Ordered the redfish beignets, crawfish ravioli, and taste of New Orleans. Nothing tasted particularly fresh. Mostly tasted like it came from those massive frozen food trailers you see on the highway. Nothing felt like someone was really "cooking" it. Nothing absolutely awful but not worth the price and wait. 
The taste of New Orleans wasn't very good. The gumbo was way over spiced, etouffee was soupy, and jambalaya was dry and bland. The rice in all was slightly under cooked. Not a good representation of the city. Crawfish ravioli was just regular red sauce with some spice and micro sized crawfish dropped in. No crawfish was in the ravioli. Huge let down when it was the same frozen ravioli from Sam's club for a 30 dollar dish. 
Couldn't sit upstairs due to a last minute private party that took the space. Had to sit in a cramped space near the bar. Loud area by the sidewalk, not much space to back up your chair without smashing into another patrons chair. 
Was nice that we put our name on the list and could come back. They had called shorty before we showed up and put us straight to the front. 
Overall, much better places to eat around the French quarter. Keep on walking.A special call out to Maegon B for being our lovely waiting and providing an excellent customer service.
We came here for our last evening in New Orleans before flying back to San Jose, California. We didn't know what to expect but we got a seat outside the top balcony. What was so wonderful was being surrounded by the lovely New Orleans environment including a violinist downstairs and looking down the streets of all the fun.
What stood out to us about the Royal House was the delicious food and drinks. We would highly recommend the mix of fish and shrimp with the chips alongside an appetizer of alligator bites.
Overall, we would return to this place and highly recommend it to any of our friends.A perfect Bloody Mary high on a balcony overlooking the action below?  Why yes!  Sounds like a way to wile away an afternoon in NOLA.
We arrived and told the hostess we only had two requests, Bloody Mary's and an outdoor seat.  She smiled and said, "come this way".  And so we did.  
We walked through the bar, up the stairs, though the dining room and out on a narrow ledge with darling bistro tables.  And so there we sat, watching the show of people below us who had no idea that right above their heads were ladies sipping on their Bloody Mary's watching the world go by.
Can't talk about the food, but for that moment, life was pretty great!  Funny the effect a nicely poured Bloody Mary can make on a day.
Stop in and have your own special moment!Very good overall, except the shrimp jambalaya was way too salty. My husband ordered a shrimp pasta dish with cream sauce which was delicious. Price is a little high for what you get, in my opinion.Food was just okay, service is slow.
- Alligator Bites: tastes like chewy dark meat. The heavy seasoning made it a bit too salty.
- Po Boys: good bread but a bit too hard to eat as a sandwich. I ended up just picking off the fried shrimp. Shrimps were on the smaller side and bland. The beef po'boy tasted like a roast beef sandwich with gravy.
- Taste of New Orleans: neat way to try a bit of everything including gumbo, jambalaya, and etouffe. Just okay, nothing particularly stood out. 
- Service is slow. Eating time was 20min but we probably dined for more than an hour.Dining Date January 17, 2015.
Stopped in for a snack late afternoon. The crawfish cakes were outstanding, as were the fried alligator bites. Our waiter recommended the bread pudding with raisins and white chocolate sauce. The dessert was incredibly delicious! 
We sat outside on the balcony watching the crowd walk past on Royal St. Great atmosphere on a late Saturday afternoon. The service was a bit slow, otherwise would have given 5 stars.The seafood stuffed mushrooms were really delicious. The baked shrimp tortellini was also amazing. The service is slow or I would give 5 stars. I also liked the intimate balcony seating too.We used a free appetizer coupon just by checking in on Yelp. The stuffed mushrooms were off the chart good. Red beans and rice had great flavor. Can't go wrong here.Not the best place. We ordered raw oysters and few entrees. For some reason they forgot the oysters and brought the entrees after 20 minutes. We canceled oysters and had them somewhere else. Also there was water leaking from the air conditioning vent directly onto out table. Food was average. Won't visit again.I had the fish po boy sandwich, which was amazing. Not what I expected but tasted great. The bread is fresh and crisp and the fish tastes amazing! (4 stars)
My wife had the pecan crusted mahi mahi, which turned out too spicy for her and they were kind enough to change her order free of charge. Note that it didn't look anything like what we expected based on the description. She ended up having the eggplant and chicken Parmesan which tasted amazing (5 stars)
The staff were very nice and friendly, the place isn't 5 star quality but the food is great!
We had a free spinach dip appetizer courtesy of Yelp, which wasn't fresh honestly and the nachos were extremely oily! We've had better. (2 stars)
Overall, I give the place 4 stars because the atmosphere wasn't great and the bad experience with the appetizer.One of the best Oyster Po-boys I had in NOLA!  Delicious!Bleh is the best way to describe the food. My husband and I, along with another couple, came for dinner. We were seated quickly on the balcony and the service was fast and friendly but the food was mediocre. We got a shrimp pot, shrimp platter, shrimp po boy, and spinach dip.  The dip was the best part and it quickly went down from there. The shrimp po boy was way too dry. I thought these things had a sauce that went in it? The boiled shrimp pot was not spicy at all, despite the waitress warning us it would be spicy. The shrimp on the platter lacked flavor and was chewy. Would we come back? Only for drinks and the balcony seating, definitely not the food.Great spot close to many tourist attractions, such as Bourbon Street, that at the same time feels not-so-touristy. Good for romantic dinners for 2 on the balcony or a meal with a group of friends. The menu features excellent raw and char grilled oysters among a variety of other items. For me, the best part about Royal House is not only the atmosphere and location, but the price point for such a great restaurant in such a touristy part of town.Blackened Shrimp jambalaya was overly salty. Crawfish ravioli looked fantastic in pictures but what was presented was completely not what was on the menu. Ravioli was supposed to be a breaux bridge sauce but we were served ravioli with what seemed to be a tomato-based gumbo on top. Drinks and oysters were good though.EPIC Fail - Terrible service, awful drinks.  I am my friend ordered an Old Fashion, got muddled orange/cherry with what seemed like Sprite - absolutely zero whisky in either drink.  Sent it back, got back the same drink with a dash (like a dash of bitters dash) of whisky in the drink. Server September was absent from the floor most of the meal, asked for a spoon with the Gumbo, never got it... reminded her when she showed up with the check - but the gumbo was cold... We would have had dessert, but never were asked, so we went to Brenan's, where it was exceptional.I ordered the shrimp and grits. Unfortunately the grits aren't the traditional grits but they are a fried grit patty smothered in barbecue sauce and very substandard shrimp. I didn't care for it at all. My friend had the crab legs which were extremely small. Eating crab legs are a challenge in itself, these crab legs were so small that she gave up trying to eat them because they were over cooked and very small. The highlight of the evening was our waiter Willie from Memphis. He was so incredibly awesome. He attempted to offer up different options for me because of my pecsectarian diet. It was difficult but he tried and kept a smile on his face the entire time. Willie is a gem in this place. He has an exuberance that can't be matched. He loves his job, he loves the customers. Yea Willie!!The week that I moved to New Orleans, my mother, brother, boyfriend and i were walking in the Quarter looking for some decent cajun food. We by chance happened upon Royal House, and we left very happy. Our server was a friendly woman who gave plenty of recommendations. We ordered crab claws for an appetizer, and we asked for extra bread to get every little bit of sauce left. They were delicious. We each had different entrees, and everything was great, although my mom wasn't a huge fan of the shrimp and grits. We ended up coming back when my family visited for Christmas, and the rest of them who weren't here in August also enjoyed their food and the service. Definitely get the crab claws!!!My girlfriend and I had our first oyster experience ever at the Royal House and it was awesome.  The food was  quality and the wine was great.  We enjoyed a mixed batch of cooked and raw oysters, crayfish etoufee, and a brownie ala mode.  But the best part about this dinner was the service.  Our waitress was Tina and she killed it.  She gave us her full attention and was very attentive even though we were her only table.  Tina rocks!! She is funny, knowledgeable and efficient.  When you go to Royal House ask for Tina!!First off, the chargrilled oysters were amazing.  We definitely should have ordered a full dozen.  Hubs ordered a gulf fish po-boy and reports that it was flavorful and the bread was great.  The only thing keeping this from being a five-star review was that my peel and eat boiled shrimp were slightly overcooked.  I'm a bit particular though and believe that the peels should slide off easily and not leave the flesh a shredded mess.  However, the Cajun seasoning was delicious - it just needed to come out if the pot about a minute earlier.Nice location and great atmosphere! Oysters were great!  We had balcony seating and enjoyed street performance. Will come back again.Great customer service for a large group, but salty salty salty food! Maybe it's the "Cajun/Creole" way but everything was soooo salty. It wasn't bad, but only if they didn't use that extra spoon of salt! 
We were a big group and got things to share:
-Fried Alligator: I hated the thought of eating an alligator, but the fried alligator wasn't so bad! It kind of tasted like chicken, you must try this! I wish they gave us more. It wasn't too salty but could use less...
-Spinach Dip: Nothing fancy, the name says it all!
-Crab claws: I really thought we were going to get "crab claws" instead it seems more of a soup. The dipping sauce was overwhelming and engulfs the crab claws. Extremely salty dipping sauce.
-Seafood Pescatore: Very spicy! A great spicy kick to it, everything else was salty, but seafood was fresh
-Baked Shrimp Tortellini: The saltiest dish ever. Don't know why the tortellinis were so salty. The shrimp in it was good, tasted very gritty. 
-Blackened Shrimp & Jambalaya: Wasn't too salty, but could use less. Shrimp was excellent and a good jambalaya, not as "juicy" as I would like but overall a decent dish
-Royal House Burger: The name says it all... it wasn't too bad for a Cajun/Creole place!
Over server was super cool and told us to always check the bill here because places add on extra charges (like gratuity) and not tell you around Mardi Gras. Also you get the "Mardi Gras Menu" aka the overly priced food because they can. I've eaten Cajun food in Cali (but not from the source-NOLA) but in Cali it's not salty like the Cajun here...so maybe it's a regional thing, but all the food was just too salty for us. Should have gotten their oysters!Came here due to my fellow Yelpers! We wanted to try alligator while in New Orleans,so my husband and I ordered the fried alligator, oysters duo, and the seafood pescadore. 
Our server, Tina, was really friendly and helpful. She recommended the Absolut Strawberry Lemonade and Mandarin Dreamsicle. We got both, and I loved the lemonade! It was refreshing, fruity, and sweet! It had a strawberry and two slices of lemon in it. My husband got the Dreamsicle, and we expected it to taste like a creamsicle. It kind of did... but also kindof tasted like medicine. We would order that again.
The fried alligator had moist meat, and came with cocktail and tartar sauce. It was good, but tiny portions. We saw a video of the oysters duo, that it'd be sizzling when it got to the table. It wasn't. And, it was lukewarm, at best. We came when the restaurant was pretty empty too, so I'm not sure why our food wasn't hot. Also, taste wise, for which I'm not sure temperature played a role in, was mediocre. Acme chargrilled oysters are WAY BETTER.
The pasta, Tina recommended we swap out the marinara sauce to a white wine sauce. It was a good idea! So tasty! Again, portions were tiny, and I'm pretty sure we had empty clam shells, but the scallops were cooked really well.
Overall, pretty tasty food, but just tiny portions. Also, we couldnt get a free appetizer from their Yelp deal, because we have to order two entrees, and we didn't :(We recently visited New Orleans for a weekend. During our trip we researched 
on Yelp where to go for a special Sunday seafood dinner. We chose Royal House because of their excellent reviews and the fact that you receive a free appetizer 
when checking in on yelp.
First we ordered 2 drinks and an appetizer. After waiting almost 30 minutes our entrees arrived and no appetizer. When we inquired about our appetizer they were surprised and took our dinners back and returned with the crab claws we ordered, 
Again we waited and waited and no food as we watched others come and go. By this time our drinks were finished I decided to get the check and leave. When we received the check they had charged us for the "free" appetizer. At this point I asked for a manager. The manager returned with our check and said he would take care of the overcharge. We waited an additional 15 minutes for him to finally
tell us that we weren't being charged and we could leave.
Almost one and a half hours and no food.
Every place can fall short now and then but for the price it is not worth taking the chance. 
On this visit they fell short on all levels, service, hospitality and management.This place has all the staples and a view to boot. The prices for what you get are reasonable once you factor in your location and the view. 
The food was well executed and tasty. The red fish biegnets are delicious, the flavour of the fish still came through despite the sweetness. I got the sampler for my entree and it was also delicious.
Pros: the servers are amazing and helpful. Cons: the bread was stale.This one is a tough call. The place overall is kind of a dump but the oysters were really delicious. Had a pretty standard/borderline crappy po' boy , but a pretty delicious bowl of french onion soup. When you check in with Yelp you get a free appetizer so we chose the crab claws, which were drowning in some muck that was difficult to discern.
Luckily there was no wait when we went in, or would have been really disappointed.
Good, attentive service though, with smiles and apologies all around.This place had really good food, however the service was basically a turd in a dress. We literally saw our waitress 3 times including when she brought the check. I would like to be able to rate the drinks but seeing as how I was never given the opportunity to order one I can't. I do not even know the waitress's name as she didn't introduce herself. I would definitely go to anywhere else if I had a choice. My girlfriend literally had to eat her soup with a fork because the waitress couldn't be bothered for a spoon. We finally just drank it because obviously a spoon was too much of a hassle. I guess if you're hammered you don't really notice the crap service, too bad we were sober.Honestly, the best restaurant in NOLA! The charbroiled oysters and the crawfish étouffée are something that my husband and I keep coming back to! We cannot get over how good the appetizers and entrees are here! The service is so friendly as well! Overall, the experience at this restaurant has been enjoyable the number of times we've come.Waited about 45 mins for the food. I had 2 oyster duos and the sampler. When our food arrived, it was cold. Service was also a bit bad.First time here. Char Grilled Oysters were light, garlicky and perfect! Also had their great  Bloody Mary. A perfect start to out 3 nights in NOLA.Great food. I was too hungry and finished it all. Love Cajun food and they had good customer service overallFood was cold.. Not spicy at all ( as told).. And the service was slow as hell! I wouldn't recommend this placeI feel horrible! I put my review on another restaurant! Here goes!!!! I love this place!
Wow!!!!! The crab claws all the way to the French onion soup are to die for!!!!!!!!!!! I am eating around and this place is a must stop by!!! You have to ask for Tina, the whole staff is amazing!!! Do they have happy hour??!? No this WHOLE place is a happy hour!!!.
Tina was AMAZING and answered every question!Came here with a party of 4 and was extremely disappointed... I decided to give the place another chance (mistakenly so) . Appetizer took 30-45mins to show up,  food took over an hour to arrive and when it did,  some of our soup was cold. The shrimp po boy was horribly dry (decided to give this one another try as well,  I came here over a year ago) and too much batter on the shrimp... Again. 
Safe to say it was a waste of our money and especially our time seeing as how we waited over an hour to get food. Don't be fooled yelpers.Stopped by for dinner while we were walking around. Saw a line and figured this place must be good. Waited 20 mins in line to get into his "oyster bar". Staff were friendly, location is great, food on the other hand. Nothing special. Every meal we had while we were in town( and we ate a lot of meals at all different restaurants) were better than this. 
The charbroiled oysters were so greasy, oysters weren't even cleaned. I don't understand how they can serve raw oysters that are so dirty. Hopefully they were just busy and forgot to clean them. The fried alligators were so tough and chewy. Again, had his in other restaurants around the area and all were much better. The taste of New Orleans which was a sampler of a few things were tasteless.We had a balcony view which was worth the wait. We had the sautéed crab claws for an appetizer and they were amazing. Wasn't impressed with my shrimp tortellini- was rather bland.Food decent, service good. Yelp offer is misleading. Ad says "Free appetizer with purchase when Check in" once clicked shows that it can only be redeemed with purchase of min 2 entrees. Wish it was transparent. Not any other purchase.My wife and I stopped here for a quick afternoon snack and we were very pleased. We had a dozen oysters, which were excellent, and the the shrimp boil, which was also excellent. The service was good, and the beers were very cold!This place had one of my favorite dishes of the entire trip: crab claws appetizer. It's everything you think it would be - creamy, rich, amazing. It's delicious; please get it.
Their chargrilled oysters had way too much cheese (something I thought I'd never say). Their drinks were definitely too sweet for my liking.
Service was on point!Came here on a Saturday for lunch and it wasn't busy. The place is small but clean, and I loved that there were lots of open windows especially on a day with perfect weather. The service was 5/10, could have been a little more friendlier. 
The goods.
-Pecan pie. Not too sweet, would have been better ala mode!
-The windows? 
The mediocre. 
-Oyster Po'boy. Stingy on the oysters, buried in too much (overly toasted) bread. No flavor, no sauces. Get your po'boys elsewhere
Maybe their oysters are better? but I probably won't be back for my next trip to New Orleans to find out.Went to a wedding pre party here that had amazing fried oysters, great barbecue shrimp, typically mediocre New Orleans style crab cakes (I'm a Maryland native) and a wonderful serving staff;  So decided to try them another evening for their dinner menu; Here goes...wait staff real real slow but very cordial; fried oyster and shrimp poboys a disappointment; loud and I mean loud parties around us so we moved and they put another loud group around us; suggest their managers actually manage and their cooks move back to the Waffle House for training; By the way, the upstairs bartender is 5 stars and is the best reason to go there.Been to NO for the 4th time and our group of 8 was lured in by an employee standing at the front door. We ordered appetizers, entrees and cocktails. Our apps never showed up until our entrees were brought out... food trickled out to the table within 30 minutes of each other... no apologies.... poor service and food experience. No thank you!!!!!! We will never revisit this place. Do not recommend at all! No concern for guests' experiences  due to the heavy flow of customers.We went to this place for the oysters, though probably should have taken a local's advice to "stay out of the French Quarter" for dinners.  While I don't think that's exactly true, we had a pretty bad experience at Royal House.  Everything was exceedingly salty, and the food took forever to come out (cold, at that!).  A few of the dishes we tolerated, but we had to send back my wife's pasta w/fried oyster dish because the salt level was way too high.  It took them about 20 minutes to "rush" another dish out - which admittedly was pretty good in terms of seasoning.  Too bad at that point, everyone else had finished their meal and my wife had filled up on fries.  Maybe we caught them on an off day, but this is one to avoid in my opinion.Excellent customer service and delicious food. Moderate prices and fast service. The drinks are extra tasty with top shelf liquor.Food was disappointing, cocktails were spot on, I would not however advise waiting 45 minutes in line for cocktailsThis place is a must for my wife and I. I know we will be back to NOLA and knowing that Royal House, Meals from the Heart are must returns for us. When we think of NOLA, my wife and I remember this place and the crab claws. The Royal House is that vivid for us.
Ambiance:
Loud, hustle and bustle of the FQ. Expect it and plan accordingly. Music outside and just a block from Bourbon. This side of FQ has a tamer side to it. If at all possible try to be seated upstairs and in the balcony if it's just you and a date. Expect to wait for dinner.
Price: $$
You are paying for quality here.
Food: 
Crab Claws 10/5
This dish alone will bring your back. It did for us. They use a cajun compound butter with 18-23 pieces of crab claws. We've counted since we've had this dish 3 times. It comes with 4 pieces of buttered french bread. I've looked up the recipe and they call it a Bourdelaise Sauce. Truly an amazing dish that is great and consistent. Give yourself time when enjoying this dish. Don't pair it with too many things that would clutter your meal. Space it out and enjoy it with a drink or two. This dish is that amazing.
Redfish Beignets 4/5
It was definitely a treat and unique to NOLA. So imagine funnel cake with fish inside, powdered sugar, and a spicy cream sauce. It sounds like it shouldn't work but this almost exemplifies all of NOLA. I don't know how but this dish works. Logic and common sense would tell you "no" but this dish screams in defiance what the world is telling you is good.
Drink: N/A
Only had water. It was super humid even at night.
Service: 10/5 (for the 2 visits we were there)
I honestly can't say enough about the service that was provided here from Chris. Very knowledgeable and understanding. First off, Chris is more of a guide then a server. He leads you to where you want to go. He does it in a manner that is very enjoyable and comfortable. He truly led us to having a wonderful night. If at any time you can remember your server's name from 2 weeks out it says something about the time you had at a restaurant. Royal House, I've already spoken to a manager but I truly hope you can appreciate the type of employee you have in your institution. Never allow him to leave.For our last dinner in NOLA, we picked a great one! First off, they quickly accommodated 6 people on a weeknight. We used the Yelp check-in deal (half off appetizer) and had the fried alligator. Good choice. Then our entrees were delicious! The oyster pasta was my favorite...so much flavor! But tried bites of the shrimp n grits and crawfish ravioli. Everyone loved what they got!Great food and beautiful bar The staff was friendly and the food was delicious A little bit of everything to please all The pecan crusted mahi mahi was very light and moist Het the crab leg appetizer for starts The sauce is amazing I put the rest on my fishEveryone is really friendly here. The door staff make you feel welcome right off the bat. Waiters very knowledgable and hospitable. Bloody Mary's are AWESOME and a must try. Po-boy's are great but sub out something else for fries. Also, try the étouffée with fried crawfish tails sprinkled on top - best I have ever had. I usually eat here twice when I visit NOLA. Try it.Ben was great!! We came from out of town and he recommended the best items. Loved the fried alligator and crab claws. The oysters were great as wellWonderful! We had the crawfish étouffée and the boiled shrimp. Both were delicious. Service was great and the portion sizes were large. Would definitely go back.I ordered the redfish that was blackened. I also ordered it with crab. They charge an additional $8 for crab and the amount they put on the fish is a joke. Keep the $8 in your pocket and don't order with crab. The fish is $23 and the lump of crab an additional $8. Pricey for what you got. The waitress said she would make it right but changed her mind and said the amount was 2oz. For sure it was not 2oz. Anyway, my first and last time.
I'm giving this a 4 star now from 2 star as I stopped the restaurant this morning and spoke with the manager Lisa. She apologized for the misunderstanding and made it right the next time I'm in town. 
Thank you LisaGood food. Gumbo is 8/10. Balcony dining, and there's usually a street performer across the street. Get there early - lines.start at 7 pm.Got food to go here.  Sounds crazy I know, but it was one of few options.  Admittedly,  the wife and I were tired of fried food, and neither one of us enjoy raw oysters, but could totally tell this would be a great place if you were into that sort of thing.  The bar tender also shucks your oysters.  Not too shabby.  I gave it a 3 out of 5 mainly because what I ordered was pretty uninspiring, but I would not completely dismiss this place.Seriously the worst service I got in New orleans. I asked what the specialty was and the bartender handed me the menu and said "everything" rudely. Then she proceeded not to serve me anything.Great oysters! Loved the staff and ambience. Nice selection of beer and full bar. Great Happy Hour spot in the French Quarter.Had the Jambalaya with blackened shrimp. I was not impressed.  Very small shrimp like salad shrimp, and very dry and salty.This was a truly enjoyable dinner with my colleagues.  We were seated on the 2nd floor which was nice in the French Quarter.  The appetizer was delicious (can't remember the name but it was garlic butter and crab legs).  My entree was pretty delicious as well.I like to think of New Orleans as a place where it's hard to find ordinary food, but I have to say that Royal House undermined that expectation.  We got the Oyster Duo (Rockefeller and Royal), and they were good.  However, for the Taste (Jambalaya, Étouffée, and Gumbo), the dishes were definitely ordinary.  The gumbo was peppery and undistinguished, and frankly my Jambalaya is better.  After excellent gumbo at another place the day before, this was surprisingly uninspired.  I tried my colleague's Creole sauce, and it was no better than mine!  Mind you, I'm a SoCal boy, so you wouldn't expect that mine should be comparable.  Compared to the exquisite Courtbouillon I had yesterday, this sauce was rather crude.  Overall, this is a place for tourists, not gourmands or gourmets.The taste of new Orleans dish was a great way to try all the new Orleans staples in one swoop.  Banana foster cheesecake was also amazing.  Worth leaving bourbon street for!The charbroiled oysters were phenomenal, and can definitely compete with some of the more famous oyster houses, like Acme Oyster. And no wait! However, I would pass over the Taste of New Orleans trio sampler. I have had it twice now and both times it was just ok. Good, but not great.Based on numerous reviews, we ordered chargrilled oysters and crab claws for appetizers. Not bad but not die-for good either. My favorite was red fish and crawfish ettouffee (??). 
Negative was service. Our waitress rarely came to our table; bread was served after we were almost done with dishes. We submitted $10 yelp offer; she didnt take it out in our receipt. A 18% tip for a large party was added in the receipt for our group of 6. The waitress said the 18% tip was added for a group larger than 5. Is it a normal practice in NOLA??? Overall, my experience is below average despite awesome red fish. I wouldnt visit again.Ty- was the best server!! We had a group of 17 and the service was amazing and the food was fantastic!Can I get my oyster appetizers, oyster po-boys, and seat my party of eight within five minutes?  I can - wow.  Great food, cocktail selections, and service.  Recommend it!Disclosure: This review is going to be based off a visit for a wedding reception. 
The building seems to be very old and have some history to it. Apparently, one of the characters in American Horror Story: Coven was based off of the owner the mansion that is now Royal House. Creepy! 
The reception was held in an upstairs dining room conveniently with a bar.  There is also a wrap around balcony, good for people watching. Although the balcony is a bit narrow and leans a bit. If you're afraid of heights, be wary. lol
The food was served buffet style with a good variety of New Orleans cuisine such as crawfish etouffee, gumbo, redfish, dirty rice, and bread pudding. My favorite of the night was definitely the etouffee. I had five bowls of the etoufee over rice. 
I also was able to order some oysters from the bar and have them brought up. I was not able to try oysters from anywhere else on my trip to compare, but the oysters at Royal House were great! The Gulf oysters were a good size, not too big or too small and meaty. I was pleasantly surprised to see that the bill was only $13 for a dozen... I could have put away another four dozen, but I did not want to spew out oysters all over Bourbon street as there was a four hour open bar that night.... 
Service at the reception was very friendly and prompt. It seems that people have experienced different service according to other reviews. But ours was great. 
If I were to ever make another trip to NOLA (highly unlikely, NOLA is such a dirty ass city) I would stop here again for oysters and etouffee.If you're thinking about oysters, one great option is the Royal House. The service is great and it's less divey than ACME. 
We only ordered oysters as a snack. 
The chargrilled oysters are gooood. Butter and butter equals damn good. 
Don't bother with the Oysters Rockefeller. It's nothing but a piece of seasoned stuffing on top of a cooked oyster. It wasn't very good. 
Other than that, the Royal House is a winner.We enjoyed lunch here as soon as we arrived in New Orleans.  The staff is fabulous and the food was delish!!!!! The jambalaya and ettoufee were excellent!Excellent oysters, but the crab claws are to die for!This is my favorite place by far in NOLA!
Nadia was great! She's friendly, very informative, and a sweet heart! Great call on the bacon on our char boiled oysters. 
We ordered a dozen charbroiled oysters, 2 order of the crab claws (the sauce is heaven!) I would lick the plate if I didn't want to be a civilized person in public.We found this place on yelp with good reviews. There were 5 of us. We ordered shrimp creole, fried alligator, chargrilled oysters, crawfish etouffee and crab clams. The only dish which was really good was crab clams. Shrimp creole was the worst one, no flavor at all...( The service was pretty good, no complaints. But overall will not recommend to go there:(Great food. The shrimp and grits was delicious. Service was kinda slow. Worth the wait though!I am giving it a 3 star due to the service that was provided. We had a male server who very loud, cursing and talking about other customers that were dinning in. All he was concerned about was getting fat tips. We only ordered the spinach dip which was beyond Amazing the best I have ever in life. We also had fried alligator which wasn't the best, not really seasoned and over priced and very small portion. I did not yet the entrees, but service was unprofessional.Listen to all the other Yelp reviews and get the crab claw dip! It's a little saltier then I would like but it was still delicious. The check in offer will take $10 off your bill so that is a score! It was our first night in New Orleans and decided to check this place out..nice place and nice ambience. My boyfriend got the shrimp and grits and his exact words are "it was okay I had better". I got the taste of New Orleans which is 3 different samples of their Chicken & Andouille Jambalaya, Crawfish Etouffée and Chicken and Andouille Gumbo. It was really good but a lot of rice...I really wish I got the fish instead.Ate here twice as it was just beside the Omni hotel where we stayed.
Lunch upstairs near the open air with all the windows open was great. Great service, great blood mary.
First intro to chargrilled oysters.. ammmazing.
Came back a few nights later to eat at the bar during dinner service. Great cocktails all around (the Maker's Mint Julip this time). More oysters and the seafood gumbo, which sadly was a bit bland. Great bartender though.
Really loved this place!My husband and I ate hear during our quick stay in New Orleans. I tried my first Po-boy (fried fish) and it was delicious. My husband got jambalaya, which he really enjoyed too. The drink I got was delicious (tangerine something) and our waiter was quite the character. He had good jokes to tell us throughout checking in on us during our meal.Food was awesome. Our server was friendly and helpful, plus our appetizer was free (thanks Yelp!). Nothing blew me away, but would definitely recommend to others!Best spinach and artichoke dip I've ever had! The chips were covered in Parmesan, which added so much flavor. For dinner I ordered the blackened redfish and it was divine. Highly recommend this place. Only waited 30 mins for a table on a busy Sunday night at 8:30pm, which is low considering I had a 2 hour wait at another restaurant, and 1.5 wait at one more.Had a delicious and filling lunch here the morning after surviving my hectic first night in New Orleans. Bright and airy, with a distinctively Parisian vibe, the Royal House is a great choice for a casual (or not-so-casual) bite in the French Quarter close to Bourbon. 
Service was *very* friendly, our waiter made a ton of recommendations and steered us clear of some items he said were overrated. We made conversation and he ended up recommending me a list of often-ignored French Quarter bars that we should check out. He genuinely seemed like he loved his town and job, and it made the whole vibe even better.
Started with the chargrilled oysters which were delicious, and then an alligator po-boy which was pretty good, didn't blow me away. My girlfriend had the blackened shrimp jambalaya which definitely needed to be spiced up some more but once it was, it was delicious.
-1 star for the pricing -- it's standard tourist French Quarter upcharge, although I don't know why I'd expect otherwise. There's probably better jambalaya and po-boys at better prices around. 
Still, it was an overall good experience, and I'd probably come back.Great food...Redfish blackened...redfish beignet...DELISH..
Our waitress, CINDY, was amazing!!Amazing food! Ate here four days in a row! Sit with Nyrobie at the bar. By far the best food in NOLAI have been a loyal follower of Yelp reviews for many years, however I never took the time to create an account and post my own reviews.....  until now.
The Royal House in New Orleans is so bad, I feel it is my duty to fellow Yelpers to bring this to everyone's attention.
From the unfriendly greeting at the street, to the poor food quality and the incorrect bill after my cc was run.  Royal House was a huge disappointment.  
The shrimp and grits were the poorest excuse for s&g's that I have ever experienced.  Totally gross.  Will never go back and will steer people away when I get the chance.We came in for a quick lunch before hitting the road to go back home. It was about 12:30, and they weren't busy at all. Got a table in no time. Things deteriorated from there. 
The dining room was a mess. It took a good 10 minutes to be acknowledged by a server. In the meantime, another server (not ours) attempted to drop off food at our table before we had ordered.  
After we finally ordered, it took another 20 minutes or so for the food to come out. Both mine and my wife's food were room temperature. 
Our check was also wrong. When we pointed this out, the server said there was no need to change it because all of the incorrect items on the check still added up to the same price of what we ordered. We double checked the menu and discovered she was wrong; the wrong items added up to more than what we should have paid. We had to get the manager involved. 
I think most of our problems came from a lack of server training.Disgusting. The food came out cold. The shrimps still had the poop vein in them and they're fried so you won't notice unless you cut into itThe Charbroiled Oysters were cheesier and more robust in flavor than Acme. I was recommended to ask to sit upstairs on the balcony by a local children's clothing shop owner while shopping for a gift, and I couldn't have had a better seat! Great view, breeze, live music drifting up from below... it was wonderful! Rebecca was an excellent, attentive and friendly server who gave me great recommendations!!! Go with the Charbroiled oysters and enjoy a HurricaneThere is few words to describe the excellent level of service we received while eating at Royal House in the French Quarter. The attention to detail and common courtesy displayed by Lex (Kristopher) was absolutely unheard of in a "tourist" friendly restaurant. Our server was attentive, full of advice, helped select drinks/dinner, and really made us feel like old friends rendezvousing for a night out in NOLA. 
The food was delectable -- hints of subtle New Orleans styles surrounded by quality ingredients and cooked to perfection. Royal House's menu definitely is catering to visitors who wish to try a taste of New Orleans'.....and I must say that it accomplishes this in every facet of it's core. 
I do not wish to write a long winded review and my only advice would be to make this a date night location while visiting the French Quarter. Drinks at Carousel bar, Dinner at Royal House, finishing with dancing on Frenchmen Street -- I promise you a perfect evening. 
Enjoy.So I passed this place a few times on my first day. I thought it was gorgeous!  It has a balcony!  So on our second day in NOLA we opted to stop in for a day drink. We asked to sit on the balcony. We were promptly seated and then we waited....and waited....
Our server FINALLY came out after 9 minutes. I know this because I checked in on Yelp. He was either sick or had a drug problem because he kept sucking snot up his nose and running his finger across his nose. Either way, it was disgusting. I tried to let it go.
I asked for a wine list. Five minutes later I received one. I asked for a Chardonnay. My server asked me if that was a white wine. What?  Did that just happen?  A well known NOLA restaurant, that has a two page wine list, does not train its servers?
Then he said they might be out. Another few minutes later, I was told they were out of all white wine except for two. There was an entire page of options. How is that possible?  I accepted it. I order an Abita Amber beer. And then I waited. Another table said they had not gotten service either.  After another few minutes, we got up and told the bartender (because we were five feet from the bar) to cancel our order with our server. We then left. That was my entire experience at this place.
.Amazing food and was able to sit on the balcony. Recommend the crab leg appetizer and seafood pescatore and taste of New Orleans!A bit pricey and touristy, but one of the best meals we had. We adored the crab claws and asked for extra bread to sop of the impossibly delicious sauce. Try the shrimp Po-boy sandwich or seriously, get a second order of crab claws.At least the salad wasn't iceburg but it was still good.
Three words: Flur De Tini. Yes please!! So yum!
Gumbo, you rocked my world. You gave my spicy tummy a run for it's money. 
Bartender was cool. I love NOLA because football is on even in the nicer resturants like this one was.Love this place ... Great drinks and food of course ... Order the crawfish ravioli it's hella delicious ... Fried gator bites and the shrimp creole ... Come with time as most likely there will be a line ... EnjoyI'm at this place right now and its been 30 minutes since I've seen my server. Our wine glasses are empty and there is no food on our table. The oysters on the half shell were flavorless and served not cold enough in a plastic bin - very unattractive presentation. Oysters Rockefeller tasted microwaved. They are playing the radio, which is blaring Burger King commercials for optimum awful ambiance. Jesus, I wish my server would come so I could get the bill and go somewhere good.The stuffed mushrooms were great! French onion soup was also a home run! We had po-boys and they were bland. Given...this was our first time having any type of po-boy sandwich but I expected more. Maybe they're just not for me. Service was niceWe had a great experience at Royal House! This was our first dinner on vacation and I am so glad we ended up here. We used the Yelp deal for the free app and ordered fried alligator from the server, who was extremely polite and friendly (forget her name, long brunette hair)
The food came out quickly and was hot! The Alligator was outstanding. I went for the Shrimp Creole and the boy ordered the shrimp poboy. Also came out quick. Mine was outstanding! Such amazing smoky flavors and a generous serving. Brian liked his poboy although it was somewhat lacking, not many veggies and came with no sauce.
We didn't have room for dessert but the menu was tempting. Very classy place to stop by on your visit to New Orleans. Beautiful building, great service, and looks like some awards to back it up:
http://www.royalhouserestaurant.com/news
check it out!A MUST when visiting New Orleans!  From the moment we asked for a menu this place had amazing service. They were super accommodating as we are evacuees from hurricane Irma and had two dogs with us. The host Arrow, who was so friendly, quickly got us a table, was very accommodating with a table with open doors for pups. They are dog friendly (that they were very accommodating to give my dog water and make sure my dogs were comfortable). They had open doors at the restaurant which made the experience amazing for all of us. Thank you to our waitress Heidi for the amazing service!  Now onto the food... My fiancé had the red beans and rice and alligator bites.  I had the gumbo. All was delicious, and very fresh! I can't stress it enough it is a must!!!!!!The service was top notch! The food was amazing! Everyone from the hostess, our server and the bar staff really made our lunch a romantic and tasty dining experience- the perfect start to a day of shopping, jazz, and art! Go and get yourself the redfish beignets to start. You'll love it!CraZy long waiting time and super slow service. Not happy at all!!! The food is ok here (not so good but not bad also). However, oh my god we waited more than an hour to get the food. We only ordered appetizers. I can not believe that we wasted so much time in this Restaurant. Not happy.Wonderful restaurant for oysters and fish. I had raw oysters that were way better than Acme Oyster House.  Entire of grilled redfish accompanied by lump crabmeat. Excellent. Brownie dessert.  Will definitely returnOyster sampler was FANTASTIC!!! Next time I'm in NOLA, I'll be sure to get here.I was looking for dinner and a good drink in the French Quarter. This place satisfied both! I highly recommend the Oysters Royale. The service was great too. If you're in the area, defiantly consider this restaurant!The hushpuppies and fried gator were very good as was the cole slaw.  However, the fish po'boy and crawfish etouffee were just okay.  The hostess was very good.  The waiter was very friendly.  They forgot to give us silverware until we reminded them after our food was served, but anyone could make that mistake.
This is really not 4- or 5-star food.  Something funny is going on with the rankings of many places in the French Quarter.  Beware of the Yelp-reviews here.What a GREAT find! A classic Oyster Bar, cheery waitstaff and some mighty tasty Oysters (We had then three ways, Raw, Rockefeller & Bienville). WOW! Highly recommended and the menu has lots of other stuff as well although we were STUFFED and no more room! DO come here!This is a definite stop anytime your are in New Orleans. Around 5pm looking for happy hour and some Cajun grub and wasn't disappointed. We started off with grilled oysters. They were cooked perfectly and had a garlic Parmesan cheese on them that melted in your mouth. I also order the Caprese Tower which I would definitely recommend. It had cheese,tomatoes, & onions all stacked and drizzled with a balsamic. My main course was the blackened shrimp & jambalaya. I ate every bit of it. We sat upstairs and enjoyed a perfect day people watching and soaking up a few cold ones.Whenever I come to New Orleans I always visit the Royal House Oyster Bar. They have the best Chargrilled oysters I have ever tasted. The Bloody Mary's are amazing . The staff is very friendly and I never leave disappointed .I have one word... BECKS. She is the best bartender ever. Not only does she know her alcohol, but she does it with fun and personality. I highly recommend this spot for the char broiled oysters. But more importantly for Becks. The coolest bartender ever :)Chargrilled oysters were very tasty 4/5; however the oysters Rockefeller were 1/5. Basically a baked oyster topped with a caked paste.  
None the less; it was a nice location with airy sitting on balcony.Stopped in to Royal House after the Haunted History tour. Many places close on Sundays at 10, so we went to the Royal House since they stay open a little later and have live oysters. Tina our server was excellent, she was very attentive and very personable. We ordered the raw oysters, chargrilled oysters, oyster pasta, spinach salad, and the shrimp Creole. The shrimp Creole is the only dish that we felt coiuld have been much better. The Creole sauce was more of a marinara sauce. All other dishes were excellent.Bad drinks. Bad service. Oysters on the half shell were warm. Yuck.There's only one way to dine at this restaurant and that's eating in the balcony. What a view! We actually got lucky and got to listen to jazz music as we ate since there was a musician playing on the street. Our view was absolutely beautiful as you can see in the picture. Eating and drinking in the balcony was by far relaxing and romantic. Be sure to check in thru the yelp app so that you can claim your free appetizer. The only catch is that you have to order two entrees. We started off with the fried alligator appetizer. It was pretty good after you dip it in the marinara/tartar sauce. For entree, we had the Crawfish Ravioli and Baked Shrimp Tortellini. Both were pretty good but make sure you're hungry because both are huge servings. This is definitely a place you should check out!Great service! Great food! The Shrimp Creole is unbelievable. Heidi was our server and did a great job!I might have caught the kitchen on a bad night but after waiting an hour for our food and 45 min to sit down here is what went down...
Ordered shrimp creole (18$) and a cup of gumbo ($7).
The Shrimp creole had to be sent back simply because the red sauce was so bland it tasted like ketchup or tomatoe paste. Zero seasoning, no spice and no soul for an 18$ entre I object....
The cup of gumbo was just a plain gray water gumbo not nearly worth $7 but meh....
No crackers no bread no butter, Nothing!
Warning signs went ignored when we saw the adjacent table takeoff before their meal arrived. Be advised, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED... .The server here was so great and friendly! I forgot her name but we were here a few weeks ago during my trip to NOLA. she really took her time with us and helping us what to order in addition to suggesting other places to go during our stay. She was so sweet and I would recommend coming here!The restaurant looked very nice & the menu posted outside showed A good variety of food with very fair prices. We were seated up on the balcony, which was great because the view of the street below was great. The food came in a very timely manner and it was delicious. I had the Taste of New Orleans meal and it was a very good my wife had the shrimp boiler pot and the shrimp were huge and way more than she could eat, just absolutely delicious. I would definitely eat here again whenever I come back to visit New Orleans.Try was an awesome server.  His suggestions were great and we truly loved our meal. I recommend this place.  This is the best deal going in NOLA.IF YOU DON'T ORDER THE BANANA FOSTER THEN I WILL UNFRIEND YOU! Every place I been, Banana foster comes with ice cream scoops but this places uses 2 scoops of cheese cake! So it doesn't melt plus it tasted a lot better! The Redfish Harris best in French Quarter. Avoid the oyster royale it has no taste. For the price I wasn't expecting much for late night meal but I was wrong, GOOD service and meal.Cruised in for two tonic waters to go so we could hop on a ghost crawl, 3 dollars for just tonic water. Based on common sense alone is where this rating comes from.This place is great! This was our first meal in NOLA and is did not disappoint. Becks was our server, she's a cross between Ellen Page and Molly Ringwald. She was upbeat and suggested meals which were amazing. The Shrimp Tortellini and Shrimp and Grits were to die for and the French Onion soup was delish! We look forward to coming back again.Must go while you are in town! Sitting at the bar added to our great experience. Alligator was some of the best I've ever had. The bartender doctored us up some raw oysters which were delish.I have had PoBoys in many different places including New Orleans but this place was gross. I don't know why they even have a PoBoy on the menu if they are going to serve it on plain bread dry bread. Obviously, they don't care about food. In addition, the service was slow. The server was actually doing the best she could but the issues at this restaurant are clearly with the owners and management.Our bike driver picked us up at Harrah's for a tour and told us we would like this place.   We stood at the door for a few moments and no one acknowledged us.  The bartender looked at us several times so I finally asked him if we needed to seat ourselves.  He pointed back at the door and the hostess appeared.  We asked about balcony seating so he took us upstairs.  He cleaned off two tables for us and left the one menu that was on the table. The waitress came and took our drink order but did not ask if we needed more menus so we shared.  We ordred oysters, fried alligator appetizer, alligator po boy, and red velvet pie.  The food came out however no silverware or napkins came with it.  Since we could not find our waitress we asked another one for assistance.  She brought me beverage napkins, a spoon to eat the pie, and no napkins for the other table.  Our waitress finally came by and apologized but did not bring correct dinner napkins that all the other tables had.  So 3 starts since the food we ordered was good however no stars for customer service.We went to Royal House last night.  David our waiter was incredibly friendly and helpful. We started with an appetizer the crab claws which was absolutely delicious.  David recommended the crawfish ravioli which was equally delicious. Despite being full we had the bananas foster cheesecake.  The whole meal was absolutely wonderful thanks to the excellent food and wonderful service.Visiting from St Louis and randomly found this place. It was an amazing find. The food was excellent and so was the service. Cindy was a fantastic waitress. Get the bloody mary.Monday night 6:15 pm
My wife and I wanted to have our last dinner on our vacation here.
We sat down  and waited over 20 minutes  for someone to give us water or bread or take our drink order or simply just  recognize us..nothing
We got up walked out & no one asked us anything.
This place is TERRIBLE.......
That being said we went to Deanie's a few blocks away and had one AMAZING dinner!!!!
Check them out on yelp.
Deanie's is  EXCELLENT. !!!!Attempting to get into Café du Monde on a Saturday morning was, in retrospect, a bad idea for my wife and I as the queue met us a couple blocks away. So we wandered around trying to find a comfortable but inexpensive restaurant for breakfast. Eventually, we stumbled across the Royal House and, encouraged by the staffer with the megaphone, came on in.
We were seated by the open doors making the experience practically al fresco. The breakfast menu was limited albeit focused on Southern/New Orleans cuisine. My wife had the Oysters Benedict and I had the Southerner entrée made up of biscuits and gravy with ground sausage and scrambled eggs. Our server was chatty and friendly in that familiar New Orleans way. She was also thoughtful, adding my requested side order of grits as a "lagniappe" to my meal. 
If you want to experience local cuisine in a casual, warm atmosphere, this is the place to be in the French Quarter.Well, the reviews were better than the food.  I really expected much better in the heart of New Orleans.  The batter on the fried food was too heavy and lacked flavor.  The shrimp were small and overcooked.  The fish filet was bland.  The service was good, but not good enough to overcome the very average food.  Royal House was a big disappointment.  Too much of a tourist trap with far better alternatives close by.Mediocre cheeseburger plate..  nothing special and not cheap.  Patty obviously frozen..Had the crab appetizer, the shrimp tortellini, and the crawfish ravioli.  All which were amazing.The Royal House is a nice hidden gem in New Orleans. Aptly, it's located on royal street, tucked away in the French Quarter, away from the hustle and bustle of Bourbon Street. 
My boyfriend and I picked this place for a late dinner (they're open until midnight) on our first night in town. You get a free appetizer with a Yelp or FourSquare checkin! Our waiter recommended the Stuffed Mushrooms, which we tried and absolutely loved. I'm not a big mushroom fan in general, but I couldn't get enough of them. They have a nice selection of local brews, he had the Jockamo IPA and loved it. 
I ordered the Crawfish Ravioli, and he got the Pecan Crusted Mahi Mahi. The ravioli was absolutely delicious, but his Mahi Mahi was definitely burnt. He asked the waiter to trade it for the ravioli, and they were very good natured about it. The service was very friendly and welcoming throughout! I would definitely recommend it as come back again.ALWAYS SIT AT THE BAR!!! It's so much more fun and enjoyable. We go there once a month or so. The food is always great whether you get chargrilled or fresh oyster. Always learning something new from the guys who schuck (spelling?) the oysters. Great times great food!!The shrimp creole was bland . The customer service was great but I wouldn't definitely not eat here again with so many other great choices nearby.An amazing place to go eat! Our server was great, the atmosphere was great and the food was even better! We got the crab leg appetizer and ended up asking for some more bread because the sauce was so good. The crawfish ravioli was also very tasty!It's only been about 12 hours but I'm dying to return. The food was amazing, the service was great and I loved the atmosphere of the place! 
We were seated immediately around noon in the surprisingly empty restaurant and were overwhelmed with the menu. The waiter helped us through it and told us some of the most popular dishes (all of which were brought up in reviews on Yelp already). We ended up getting the Crab Claws, the Chargrilled Oysters, the Royale Oysters and the Taste of New Orleans paired with two Sam Adams. 
The oysters were probably the best I've ever had. They were super fresh and seasoned amazingly. At first I thought the chargrilled oysters were too much because of the amount of sauce/cheese but I scooped some of it off and it was PERFECT. The Royale oysters were cooked to perfection and went reallyw well with the seafood topping. I highly recommend pairing these with beers because we really enjoyed it.
The crab claws came out next and despite the rave reviews it got on Yelp, I wasn't impressed. It was barely warm enough and bland compared to the rest of the food. By itself the flavor wasn't bad but it just paled in comparison. We also didn't think it was that fresh because it didn't seem warm enough and it was in that awkward maybe-it's-supposed-to-be-crispy-or-maybe-not phase. 
The taste of New Orleans was above average in my eyes. I LOVED the crawfish étouffée and kinda wished I got that by itself. The jambalaya was also good with nice flavors but a little dry. And finally the gumbo wasn't bad. I liked it but it wasn't mind-blowing. This dish would probably get a 3.5/5 for me. 
However, the service was awesome and the oysters made the trip worth it. I would definitely recommend coming here!!
Update: we couldn't stop talking about the oysters and ended up coming back the next day for more!! 
We got the Rockefeller oysters and the second grilled oysters (forgot the name - starts with an M?) Just as good as we remembered. Each oyster has its own unique flavor and seasoning but they're all cooked to perfection. 
If I could, I would just come here for the oysters. Super tasty!Not a huge fan of seafood in general, but my friend was in the mood for oysters so we went.  What a great surprise.  We had the chargrilled ones soaked in butter and garlic -- how can you go wrong with that?  Then I ordered the pasta with deep fried oysters and I have to say, I think I am a convert.  They were so dang good, I am starting to drool just writing this review.  We ate at the bar and the bartender was busy but never neglected us and I had the Fleur cocktail which was the perfect, not too sweet end to the day.Went to New Orleans for Jazzfest and decide eat at Royal House. There was a slight wait but I was in good company so it didn't seem very long. I had the oysters (big and plump) both on the half shell and chargrilled and the Taste of New Orleans which includes andouille jambalaya, crawfish etouffee and seafood gumbo. Everything I had was great. Our waiter was extremely nice and helpful. The tables were a tight fit but made for a vibrant and lively atmosphere. Everyone at my table loved their food and thought I made a great selection in picking Royal House Oyster Bar for late dining. I will visit again!Amazing French onion soup, tasty gator bites, yummy blackened chicken poboy,  spicy shrimp creole and delish blackened shrimp.Service was friendly and prompt when we came in. The restaurant has a nice casual atmosphere upstairs with plenty of natural light. 
We ordered the gumbo, a dozen raw oysters, and shrimp po boy to spilt. While I wouldn't say it was anything ground breaking, everything was tasty. The gumbo comes in a cup sized portion which I thought was a bit overpriced. The oysters were very fresh and clean. I had no qualms about eating them raw. The superstar was definitively the fried shrimp po boy. It was crunchy, good flavor, and the shrimp was so fresh!
Royal house is a good place to start for good priced Cajun.Shrimp isn't deveined. Gross. Food took almost an hour to come out. I ordered a poboy. It was 3pm on a Friday.... not worth it. Nola has so many other places- choose elsewhere.Fried alligator was ok.  Not a lot of flavor, just the fried flavor.  Hushpuppies were decent.  Charbroiled oysters.  Fantastic!  In general, charbroiled oysters are good.  This place was great because the oysters were really fresh.  I also ordered some jambalaya.  Not the best I have ever had.First visit to the French quarter and saw this place. The lines can get long but we got a seat at the bar. We ordered the chargrilled oysters and fried alligator. Yep it tastes like chicken! The chargrilled oysters were also very good just a tad bit heavy on the cheese. Atmosphere felt authentic and the bartender was nice. They were just super busy shucking all those oysters. He said he does about a thousand a day! So if you're there check it out. It was good!The drinks were great. I would recommend the bloody Marys and oyster shooters. Great crab claws, awesome oysters, and very unique shrimp creole. Magen was our waitress and she was exceptional. Wonderful experience.Service: MELVA was our server. She was on it. She was bubbly and sweet. She loves her job. She knew when to check in on us. She rocked it.
Atmosphere: mellow, cool music, interior is so stylish.Disappointing. Our waiter was kind but ticket times for appetizers were around 20 minutes and dinner had to be near an hour. Our party of 8 was there for over two hours and after we were done eating we waited for our check for 30 minutes. They forgot one person's burger and another entree was cold and had to be sent back. The restaurant was not busy. They don't split checks either which caused more problems than the food was worth. Better options in the city for sure.Food was so good! Taste of new orleans (gumbo, crawfish étouffée, jambalaya) oysters + drinks! Good place to eat and people watch if you're in the french quarter. Friendly service.This was a completely random stop for me and a couple of friends, we were just looking for a drink and happened to walk by here and thought it looked good and it certainly was.
We sat at the bar and the bartender was great, very attentive and friendly and her drinks were great. I can not remember what we had but they were all great.
After seeing several orders of oysters head out we had to try some, we got a dozen of the chargrilled oysters and they were some of if not the best oysters I've ever had, big and perfectly cooked and the sauce they were in was amazing.
If anybody is looking for great oysters this is the place to go.First time in NOLA. Had the crab claws, loved, loved, loved it! Then came the Taste of New Orleans. I loved two out of the three. I definitely would come again though and try more from the yummy menu.LOVE this place! The atmosphere is very warm and cozy, and the food was AMAZING!
We started with the crawfish cakes which I had never had before-basically like a crab cake made with crawfish, it was great!
I then tried half a dozen of the chargrilled oysters. I wouldn't consider myself an oyster aficionado, but they were DELICIOUS! Served with a lemon wedge and bread for dipping. I would definitely go back just for these. 
I then had the peel-and-eat shrimp boil which was delicious. Usually you find peel-and-eat shrimp served cold so I was very excited to try these piping hot ones. They're boiled with Cajun spices and served with potatoes and corn. SO GOOD!
My boyfriend got the shrimp po boy which was also delicious. 
The service was AMAZING. Seriously top notch. We will definitely be back on our next visit!The Royal House gave my friend and I a pretty authentic idea of what New Orleans was all about. When we got there, we had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated, but we figured it was worth it. We ended up being seated at the upstairs bar, where a passionate woman named Cyndi waited on us. Let me tell you: if you go to Royal House, request to be seated near Cyndi. Her personality is awe-inspiring, and she made our lunch something to remember. 
We ordered appetizers: oysters on the half shell, redfish beignets (which I highly recommend) and fried alligator (again, I highly recommend!). It was all delicious. The only reason why I don't give the place 5 stars is because it took longer than usual for us to get our food. But overall, the staff was in good spirits and we enjoyed our meal!Very disappointing food.
I went to Royal House with my girlfriend and we were expecting to have some memorable local food, but we were disappointed.
We started with the Redfish Beignets, which felt way too sweet. We then had a mix of local specialties such as the Crawfish Ravioli (tasty sauce, but too much cheese and low-quality ravioli), gumbo, jambalaya and crawfish étouffée (none of these were great).
The ambience was interesting, but I wouldn't recommend it.AMAZING is all I can say!
We ate here not once, but twice, during our most recent trip to New Orleans. 3 of us just happened in when we were hungry and the Hermes bar across the street didn't start service til 5:30pm. We each had an appetizer (stuffed mushrooms, crawfish cakes, crab claws) and were so amazed that we decided to come back for dinner the next night, with our party of 19 friends & family that were in town for my birthday. 
The team at Royal House was able to accommodate us on 45 minutes notice with seating for all of our guests. We had the most patient wait staff in the world, who had an amazing sense of humor and a wonderful attitude despite having such a large party thrown at them at the last minute. 
After this visit, Royal House may trump Gumbo Shop as my #1 place to eat in the French Quarter...The food was delicious and the ambiance was unbelievable It is open doors and windows. It reminds me of all the European restaurants I see In the movies. Paradise. It gets packed so get there early. Everyone strives to make sure you are happy. The place was great. The food was great. The service was great. Only one thing the men's bathroom needs a redo holes In tile on floor were not up to par that's all if not 5star.4 stars cause although the service was really good , super quick & our server was very attentive . The food wasn't that good . We had the baked oysters which was fav thing we tried . Will probably come back and try something else ?I loved this place. The doors and windows are open, lots of natural light and a good breeze for lunch. It was nice to sit down and relax on a hot day. The food is so good and really pleased with portion size.
Fried Alligator Bites - get these! They just taste like a chewier fried chicken. Fun to say we tried alligator
Shrimp Po'boy with Hush Puppies side - again, another good choice
Fried Perch Po-boy - good pile of fried fish on the sandwich and tasty
Bread Pudding - OMGGGG THIS WAS SO GOODWorst dining experience of our entire trip. Came here for dinner and sat out on the very tilted balcony. 
This place is an oyster house. Don't get anything other than the oysters. Service started out strong, and we ordered the chargrilled oysters which were amazing. After we ordered two seafood pasta dishes. They took forever and then came out completely COLD! Not room temperature or lukewarm, but cold. The dishes were both watery and didn't have much flavor (had a good amount of seafood though). Hoped the service would make up for the bad food, but was disappointed when our server was extremely slow and dragged out the already lackluster dining experience.Truly a taste of NOLA! Loved everything from the oysters to the gumbo! Can't wait to go back on my next trip to the big easy! :)Came for dinner on sat around 8:45pm. Estimated 45 min wait for a party of 7. Scored a table upstairs where there's more room to maneuver. Ordered the crab claws, raw oysters, and charbroiled oysters to start. The sauce the crab claws came in was really good. Too bad I ran out of bread to soak it up in. Just wished the dish was a little hotter; it came out lukewarm. I favored the raw oysters over the chargrilled. Something about the chargrilled ones were a little too salty. The baked shrimp tortellini was a pretty heavy dish but tasted better than the taste of New Orleans. You can check-in for a free app but it was only $10 off; not the full price of the appetizer. That wasn't indicated anywhere for the check-in so a little false advertisement there. Not sure if I would come back since there's a million creole restaurants nearby.This was our favorite meal during our short trip to New Orleans. I will preface this by saying we came here after a few drinks so it was bound to be our favorite meal regardless. We got to sit out on the balcony facing the church which was lovely on this nice warmer night. Our server was just what we hoped for. He managed to suggest everything we were thinking of getting, was extremely entertaining, and attentive. 
We couldn't decide between all the different types of oysters we don't have the option of back home so he brought us two of each, which was perfect. the amount of breading and parm they added to some of them took away from the taste of the oyster itself but all of them were delicious and I'm glad we got to try some. We got the blackened redfish and taste of new orleans so we could test out some jambalaya and gumbo. All of it was spot on delicious and just what we wanted. Redfish was a bit overdone but seasoning was right on. 
Prices were not bad at all. They're open late. The atmosphere ties into the quaint french quarter feel, and I would definitely recommend stopping here!Good service, raw oysters and chargrilled oysters fantastic!  4 stars simply cuz shrimp in the shrimp n grits were smallI really don't understand the positive reviews for this place. The only conclusion I can come to is that so many people probably come here as tourists, you get a wide range of undeveloped palettes and nondiscriminating opinions of service.
The food was super mediocre (crawfish and crab ravioli) that may have been just regular frozen ravioli. The dough was thick, the filling flavorless.
My biggest upset was the service. I sat at the bar and to my horror, considering this is a "nicer" seafood restaurant, was being served by a guy (my check said Larry) who kept referring to me as "sweetheart" and had a full mouth of gold and silver teeth. Talk about my appetite being ruined. Regardless, I blasted through my meal and went to pay...
What the f*ck. I get handed my check and the first words out of Larry's mouth are "Anything you write on here..." (pointing to the tip area on the receipt) "goes into my check, but anything else goes into this bucket back here that I can split at the end of the night" (pointing to the *cash* tip bucket behind the bar). 
Excuse me? Really?Super busy even on a weekday but we came early ~4:40pm and were seated after a very short wait. Servers were friendly but difficult for them to be attentive considering how busy they were. I love that they had different grilled oyster options but I must admit that Acme Oyster House still tasted better. Ask to be seated in the balcony if the weather is nice. It's got a great view and is a lot quieter and more intimate. My favorite of the night was the crawfish ravioli and my husband's favorite was the crab claws appetizer. Overall, fun place to eat while in Nola.This is the first time I have written a review, I was that disappointed in this restaurant. After waiting in line for 1 1/2 hours (we were told it would be 35 minutes), we were also told we were next 50 minutes into our wait.  Apparently this was  "because the kitchen is having problems", we were then escorted upstairs with 16 other people all to be sat at the exact same time in an empty room.  We ordered a salad to start which was delivered to the wrong table.  This table got the salad for free, we ended up having to pay for our salad.  They offered to take it from table and give it to us, but I don't want food that has been at a strangers table.  We then had our entrees delivered: peel and eat shrimp and chicken and sausage jambalaya.  The peel and eat were over cooked and not deveined, we also had to request cocktail sauce.  The jambalaya only had sausage and no chicken and was served with two pieces of dry white bread.  The positives are that the waiter was fine and attentive in refilling our drinks.  I would not go backWhat we loved most about this place was the shrimp and grits! Favorite dish. Delicious! Flavor was the best. The inside of the restaurant is so cute. Very New Orleans. Service was quick. Price was reasonable on most items.This was an awesome find. Our waiter was great. We came in at 10pm and Tyrone was great. He had great suggestions. The food was awesome. The bananas foster cheesecake was unbelievable.Way too pricey for what it is! I was drunk when we went inside. Sorry Honey but even more, sorry Walet.Came here for a bachelorette weekend, and we loved our experience here. Super friendly staff and excellent food. The chargrilled oysters were to die for, the catfish was fresh and full of flavor, and the bread pudding was yummy. We also tried the fried gator which was surprisingly reAlly good. We also had the oysters on puff pastry, and we loved it. The New Orleans sampler was a very large portion, and should be shared as it's a lot of good.  I highly recommend this place.Bloody Mary are really good at the Royal House. The best place to sit at is the bar. The bartenders are really cool and funny and take really good care of the customers. I recommend the Oysters and a Blood Mary to everyone.I always love The Royal House. The Oysters are fresh and the service is impeccable.  I always sit at the bar unless I can get a sit on the balcony upstairs on a nice sunny day.  This time in addition to fresh oysters we ordered the duo of chargrilled and Rockefeller which were both great smelling and tasting.  I'm not a fan of cooked oysters because they've never smelled good to me.  These were tasty.  We also got the shrimp poboy which had bread rivaled by any bakery in Boston or Philadelphia (if you've eaten sandwiches there you know what I'm speaking of)! The cocktails are strong and the bloody Mary's are tasty! Located on the corner across from the Omni and the courthouse in the French Quarter.