Nice cafe!  In town for a wedding and with the hotel about a block away, we decided to try this cafe instead of a closer national chain restaurant.  I had the build your own omelette and it was stuffed full!  The pork sausage and bacon had a great flavor.  The potatoes were on the underseasoned side.  I appreciated the choice of marble rye and the fact that the butter wasn't already on the bread.  Would return!I went to this place based on a recommendation.  It was great! The service was excellent and the food was delish! On a busy Saturday we were seated within 5 min.  I had a b.y.o. (build your own) omelette. It was huge and filling. It came with grits and toast.
I also like what the restaurant represents to the community and people after Hurricane Katrina (see photos)
I would definitely return to taste other items.Best breakfast in NOLA! Everything was delicious!  Checked in on Yelp and showed up a wee bit early. Still had r wait a bit, but it was TOTALLY worth it!! Definitely gonna come backBest breakfast we've had in New Orleans! Deanna was an amazing server. We had a peace maker and three little pigs omelette. Pretty bomb! Definitely recommended if you are in the area.Breakfast was amazing! I loved there mimosas. We had the Peace Maker which was a combo of the Shrimp Boogaloo and Chicken Saint Charles Benedict. My other half got the Spanish Omlet. We both loved our dishes. Full of flavor and good portion. The food is a little pricey for breakfast but do you expect for the city. The place was packed and service was ok. We had to sit at bar which is better then sitting at the high top table where you eat with other people cafeteria style. Overall though food was good and it was something different then iI usually do for breakfast.First day in new Orleans 12/28/2017. My friend and I went to this restaurant and we were placed on the wait list which we were told the wait would be 45-1hr wait which we was ok with since the line was out the door and we received a lot of good information about this particular restaurant. As we waited we decided to stand inside and we stood where the bar was and decided to look over the menu. While looking over the menu we noticed a particular bartender was wearing gloves which we felt was extremely good since they do have to work with making drinks and some drinks require fruit being put in them. As we continue to watch we noticed not only is he the bartender but he also washes the dishes but that wasn't the issue. The issue still wasn't that the same gloves he used while making drinks was the same gloves he used to wash the dishes because they could be placed in the trash but the BIG issue of all was that he never removed the gloves for a fresh pair he just simply dried them after washing dishes and continued to service customers.  So we continued to wait because we had already been seated at this point and our bartender had already taken our orders and our was food was on its way. So we continued to wait and we received great looking drinks but I didn't want to drink till I received my food.  So once the food made it to us the presentation of the food looked great but the taste was not great so at this point I no longer wanted to eat because I already sat and watched a bartender be soooooo nasty. So we decided to leave and requested the meals be taken from the tab and the manager came to the bar and asked what was wrong which we broke down everything starting with the bartender and he not once was too concerned and gave us the ticket for the drinks which I feel he should have simply said don't worry about paying since the drinks was never touched but I surely will not ever eat here ever again and will not recommend to anyone.Staff was so friendly and accommodating!  Loved the Slippery Salad. The French Toast Batons weee delicious but extremely sugary! Huge portion, great as a starter for the table. Bacon was crispy!!Hands down, my favorite brunch spot in Nola! I'm a brunch freak and love me a good Benedict. Their food and mimosas keep me coming back. There is usually a wait unless you want to sit at the bar, either way, it's so worth it. Great service! AMAZING FOOD!I will start by saying, if you want to eat here call at least an hour or so ahead. The wait can get a little crazy if you just walk in. The eggs benedict are life! And the blood orange mimosas are to die for. I also tried the cinnamon swirl pancakes that was recommended by our waitress and it was soo worth it. This is a must stop place in nola always number one on my nola places to eat place.Delicious!!! We went during Mardi Gras in February. The food was very good and would have ate there again if our stay wasn't so short.  Definitely Check in on Yelp before arriving, we went the day before and there was a 2 hour wait. Woke up early the next day, checked in on yelp and when it was almost our turn we walked to the restaurant and walked right in.Went there for brunch on the 14th, Shamika our waitress was amazing, love her! Now the real review, we ordered peach bellinis which arrived  warm and tasted like mimosas and pretty tart. I've had my share of bellinis and know how a good one should taste and this was not a good one at  $10 each it should be at least cold and with some peach flavor. Shamika tried her best to help us make them taste better but nothing, we asked her to take them away since we won't be drinking them.  The manager Justine came over and said "unfortunately I can't take them off your bill there's nothing wrong with them" there's lots wrong with them Justine, they taste like mimosas which are made with oranges not peaches and they were warm, asking me to provide me with the exact same drink again does not help me.  How about good customer service Justine, I visit New Orleans several times per year for business and leisure, this place will not see me again .  The food was ok, the support staff great. Because you say a drink is fine does not make it so Justine, good luck with the policy of not removing an inadequate item off a bill. We couldn't even use the restroom since it was out of order, she's doing a fantastic job managing this place.After reading other yelp reviews on a day trip to New Orleans in March 2018, I went straight to the Ruby Slipper when I landed. I used the no wait app like others mentioned to put myself on their list as the wait was well over 2 hours so I didn't have to rush straight there - After dropping my belongings at my hotel, I head over to the ruby slipper... however, I apparently went to the wrong one! There are multiple locations within a mile from each other. (Be careful!) So I ran over to the correct restaurant just in time! After working up an appetite, the ruby slipper was just what I needed! I was seated immediately (thanks to no wait) and ordered the banana foster French toast with rum-flambéed bananas and raisins (I asked for the sauce on the side). It was as good as it sounds! (The picture really doesn't do it justice.) the bread used for the French toast was a French baguette and it came with a lot of pieces -- I removed them from my place so they didn't get soggy from the sauce. But I would definitely recommend the ruby slipper for breakfast. They also offer mimosas, bellini and bacon bloody Mary's. The wait staff was friendly, helpful and very attentive.The place had character. The staff was super friendly and the food was yummy.  We had the eggs Benedict with pork and chicken and was very tasty.Oh my god this place was AMAZING! It's busy because it's delicious so be prepared to wait about 15-20mins at least The bacon infused vodka Bloody Mary is a must have I got the St Charles Benedict.....heaven!Hour wait but absolutely worth it. The best Bloody Marys we have ever had. ... bacon in it? Yes please. We both had chicken pouches eggs spinach on buttermilk bisquits. Everything was spot on, crispy chicken and amazing spice. Highly recommend a reservation, but if you have to wait, I suggest you do it.We went for breakfast.  The food was good and the service was good. We had an omelet and pancakes. The pancakes were fluffy and fresh. I would go back.Eggs cochon!  A wonderful southern version of eggs benedict.  The hollandaise was really nice.  Sometimes hollandaise has way too much lemon.  The sauce at the Ruby Slipper was just right.  The coffee is big and hearty.  I thought the service was also top notch.  Definitely a great place for breakfast.This restaurant was on my list for our NOLA trip and im really glad i tried it. Everyone there was super friendly and attentive. The food was amazing. We had the banana foster for desert after breakfasf. Our breakfast plates were pancakes sausage eggs and stuffed french toast. The portions were big and decent and fresh. I had the iced coffee which was also really good. The atmosphere was really enjoyable to be around, make sure you get there early there was a line forming once we sat down we only waited less than 5 mins for 3 people and we got there around 930am. I would def recommend this place as one of the must have breakfast spots!I was skeptical at first when I saw that there were several other locations around the city, as often times that means a place that was once great has overextended and lost quality. However, this was very clearly not the case with Ruby Slipper Cafe! 
After waiting about 20 minutes outside for a table for 2 (they take your cellphone number and call you when your table is ready which is very convenient) we were seated at a communal hightop table near the bar. The service took a little while to get going, but eventually we put in our drink orders - one Mimosa and one 19th Hole (a spiked Arnold Palmer). The drinks were great, so great that we may have enjoyed another round or two before our meal came to and end :)
We had a hard time deciding what to order because a lot of the options looked great! We eventually used Yelp as our guide and went with the Banana Fosters French Toast and the Eggs Cochon. The French Toast was just as delicious as described by follow Yelpers. You could taste the eggs and sugar all melted together and it was heavenly!
All in all it was a tasty experience and I would recommend it :)Bloody Mary was amazing! Food was great and service was awesome! Arielle was wonderful - literally the best service I've had in 4 days. Definitely worth the wait!This place is awesome! I've visited here twice since my stay one NOLA... the BBQ shrimp and Gris and the Gulf Fish St Peters is awesome! Let's not forget the mimosa and the service! This will definitely be my go to brunch spot whenever you visitGreat spot with great food. Definitely check out their different benedicts. Staff was very friendly.The food was pretty good. Nice laid back atmosphere and conveniently located in the middle of town. I was surprised how busy it was mid morning on a Monday, but I was seated fairly quickly.I have to say that our waitress was AWESOME!! Ariel ! She was attentive, energetic and just pleasant. This place has great atmosphere, the breakfast was great!!!This place is awesome! Expect to wait at least 20 minutes or more for a table. We had the Louisiana omelet and stuffed French toast. The crack butter was amazing and they'll bring you more if you ask. Sherrie T was our waitress and she was very friendly and helpful with the menu and where we should go next. Definitely will come back whenever we're in townThought it was going to be a pretty good experience overall, but sadly it was the opposite. Ordered 3 orders, only one out of the 3 was halfway right. One order had to be sent back 3 times, and still wasn't right. The next order was supposed to be banana pecan pancakes and instead came back as plain. The last order was French toast with bacon and one of the pieces of bacon had human hair on it, so I forfeited that last slice of bacon. All 3 checks came separately at full price,, manager had to come over to take off the price for the hair. The Canal location is highly overrated for the actual service you receive.Great place for breakfast or lunch. We had breakfast here twice during our vacation and both times were exceptional. The downside is the long wait if you arrive at the wrong time. Try the eggs cochon!Went for brunch their grits and biscuits were amazing! Service was great and were seated pretty quickly. Will definitely comYes, yes, yes! The wait was ridiculous but that was expected considering the national conference at the convention center. They weren't taking reservation that weekend.
We also had a large group. The food was amazing. 
There were great substitutions for my friends who didn't eat red meat.
The pancakes were divine and the coffee was great.It wasn't bad but it could have been a tab bit better if the flip side. My family had brunch here... Let's see, great place. Very friendly staff and very clean. However:
The biscuits were dense/ dry,
Potatoes were unseasoned and overcooked,
The water tasted bad, had a chloride flavor.
Pancakes weren't anything to write home about.
French toast was good but a tad dry. 
Delicious coffee beverages, hot chocolate, beef hash, omelettes & very good green tomatoes. Overall very good food, don't get me wrong and worth the price just not worth the wait. I would highly recommend you call ahead and pick up food from this establishment you will probably wait anywhere from 30-45 minutes depending on your party size.Food is amazing worth the wait and our server Ariel was very efficient and super friendly. Will definitely be coming back!!!!Best Grits and Fried Green Tomato! Do not miss the chance to have a meal here anytime of the day!A group of 8 girls and I came here as our last meal in new orleans for my bachelorette party. We called in advance and there was no wait, so we headed over. Upon getting to the restaurant we waited for another 15 minutes and were told that they would have to split us up.  No big deal and totally understandable. I told them I had a friend who was parking and would be in soon and they said it was fine. We were seated and since my friend was running a little later I ordered for her. I got the migas and they were good. Not an overly large portion which I appreciated.  The iced coffee was great. 
The thing that really turned us off was when 2 of our straggling friends came in and asked if they could order. The waitress said it would take longer, but we didn't care. However, a manager then came up and told them they were breaking policy and they normally wouldn't let latecomers order. That was weird, but whatever.  Then another woman came up, almost yelling and speaking in a very sarcastic tone and said "there aren't 25 more people coming, correct?  Because we don't deal with groups like you". The level of unprofessionalism was ridiculous and ended my great trip to nola on a sour note. I will not be going back to ruby slipper and still can't belive how rude their management is.My God. The service is ghastly!  We were seated at the counter. I did everything but dancing on the counter naked to get a coffee refill. Finally some came and took my cup... But only to wash it. 
Other than that, the Food was very good.  Probably never coming back.Very disappointing. Multiple friends recommended so we went and was poor from the start. 30-min wait, after 30 minutes went and inquired and was told 5-10 more. 20 minutes later (now 50 overall for our 30-min wait outside in New Orleans in July) I inquired again, finally 5 minutes later we sat. Syrup bottle empty, Dr. Pepper drinks mixed disproportionately (we pointed out and server didn't know if they were going to fix - i.e. twist handle slightly to increase carbonation or decrease syrup), lukewarm Mimosa, cold grits, weak chorizo, poor service, the list goes on. All four brunch entrees were disappointing. The bacon was great though, only reason for the 2nd star...Great atmosphere great staff very friendly very homey feel. There's a bit of a wait but it is worth itExcellent food and service!!!! We had the stuffed French toast, shrimp and grits, and the trifectaLong wait, but it was peek time during Mardi Gras so it was to be expected. Customer service was great! Food wasn't that special, but the mimosas were amazing.We dined at the Canal Street location our last full day in NOLA (4/12). Service was impeccable and great bang for your buck. I had the delicious Eggs Cabion (catfish, poached eggs, artichokes and green salad) with grits and a biscuit. Bottomless coffee. Our server Kara was friendly and attentive.Went here the morning after a drinking event (Thoth Caravan) for a hangover breakfast.  I had a basic breakfast of grits, 2 eggs over medium, bacon, and a biscuit.  The portions were big, but there wasn't anything special about the food.  Service was a little slow, but we did get there right as they opened.  It's a good, not to pricey place for breakfast/brunch if you're downtown or in the French Quarter and want to avoid tourists.Great food and great service. Gillis was really friendly and attentive. Get the banana pecan pancakes. So worth it. Also, the coffee is amazing. It's from a local cafe called French Press. Definitely worth the wait!The stars are mainly for the food that was delicious. The staff is rude and the hostess looks like if she hates her job.The hostesses and our waitress were so kind! We got the pancake flight and it was excellent! The pecan, praline & bacon were our favorite!Delicious breakfast. I had an 3 pigs omelette with toast and potatoes. I was full through lunch! Long wait but they can send you a text when your table is ready which is great :)Great breakfast at a good price!! Our server Aileen was so awesome too! Funny and attentive. I had the fried chicken benedict which was so good!! Will definitely come back.Breakfast was delicious. We had a couchon Benedict and a corned beef Benedict and one of the special bacon pecan pancakes. Everything was fabulous and the portions are really big. Service was very pleasant also.Amazing food and amazing service! It has a wonderful atmosphere and fun art which you can purchase! So buy up and eat up!Coffee was cold, pancake doughy, and potatoes lacked seasoning, french toast more like toasted bread.Amazing!! 
We went for breakfast! Had to wait ten minutes an we sat at the bar. We ordered stuffed French toast and a French toast with ham an fried egg. Everything was wonderful!! The bar tender was so helpful an keep our drinks full!! Can't wait to come back when in town!!All of the food was incredible! Accommodated our large party and our server was amazing. Thank you Steven!!! We would definitely recommend Ruby Slipper to all of our friends and locals!I absolutely enjoyed my brunch at the ruby slipper cafe. The food was delicious, service was good, and the atmosphere was warm and inviting.You had me at Bacon Bloody Mary. OK, actually you had me at Bacon, Bloody Mary was just a bonus! The Bloody Mary was as promised, spicy with horseradish, and garnished with bacon, olives, spicy pickled green beans. 
The menu is awesome. I had the Eggs Cochon and the Shrimp and fried green tomato eggs Benedict. The Cochon was my favorite! The pork was very flavorful and the cream sauce light and yummy! Husband had the chicken eggs Benedict and it was outstanding too! 
Here's where they could do better. We are in New Orleans. Use fresh shrimp!!! The shrimp was clearly frozen and tasteless. I've had better shrimp in take out Chinese food. 
We will probably be back to try more of the menu!I was in search of a nice home style simple breakfast near the condo I'm staying at in the CBD and this place was not too far. Be sure if you use the waitlist option that you check the actual location you've selected. Somehow I picked Canal St and Magazine location was closer.. However; because I checked in online, by the time we arrived at the correct location we had a seat.
The place was busy and we were seated once we got there and the service was quick. We opted to sit at the high bar with other guests and I am pretty tall for a women but these seats were very high so prepare for a little hop getting down! 
I would like to say that being from Washington State I tend to forget about the genuine vibe of southern hospitality and even though it takes me a while to get used to talking to people around me it was beautiful to watch.. But back to the Ruby Slipper!!
The menu is not overwhelming with options, lots off eggs and biscuits! I love eggs Benedict and ordered the one with the pulled pork and hollandaise sauce on a biscuit and it was one of this wiggle in your seat with happiness while humming your favorite tune with each bite experiences!! The pulled pork tasted like it was slow roasted, the spice and fat content were perfect!! Don't let me forget about the sauce!!! If I had eaten this dish at home I would have licked my plate! But instead a used the biscuit lol!!Food was great! Service was excellent. Even for being super busy with a line, we were in and seated in minutes.  Atmosphere was very pleasant.  Will definitely be back.We showed up on a Thursday right around 10:00 am...were seated within 30 minutes but a waitress came around outside while we were waiting so the wait wasn't too bad with a mimosa in hand.
This place has a great menu...I had a tough time choosing. Lots of southern dishes with a unique flair. My group and I started by sharing a cinnamon swirl pancake. It was delicious-crisp edges with a fluffy center. Was great to share as an appetizer of sorts....
The benedicts looked great, several come on biscuits. They sounded a bit too heavy for my mood, so I opted for a more traditional, but southern style, breakfast. It came with eggs, grits, a biscuit, bacon and a fried green tomato. I asked for praline bacon in place of the regular applewood. I would highly suggest the praline (or candy) bacon. The biscuit was huge-and came with a little side of honey butter. Grits were great and so was the fried tomato...a first for me and a new favorite! Others at my table had a scramble & a mexican type dish. Don't remember the specifics but both said they were great!
The service was excellent...our server was attentive, friendly, and customer service oriented. Didn't feel nickel and dimed which was nice...we got cheese on our eggs and substituted our bacon with no extra charges.
Expect a wait...but in return, expect great food and service for a reasonable price.Excellent service and the food was great.  I liked the eggs Benedict don't remember name but one with pulled pork was better than the one with fried chicken.  Would definitely go back.  Oh and the service was very good and attentive.Great food and an excellent staff. If you are coming on the weekend use the no wait app because this location draw large crowds..I WANT TO GO BACK... can I please go back?  I wish I lived in NOLA so I could have breakfast here anytime I wanted.
Bloody Mary -- awesome (though I wish it had more fixings) and the picked green beans were super tasty
Bellini -- HUGE and yummy
Eggs Cochon -- insanely filling but really, really good.  Hubby never orders stuff like this and he was really impressed.
Eggs Blackstone -- really rich and loved the bacon
Not the cheapest place to have breakfast, but its worth it.  And you totally don't need lunch!Probably the best breakfast I have ever had ar a restaurant. I had a ruby sunrise to drink which is easily skippable. It was good but nothing to write home about. For my meal I ordered the Peacemaker which allows you to select two different eggs Benedict menu items and you receive a half portion of each. I ordered the Eggs Cochon based on the yelp reviews and the highlighted status it has on the menu. The other half was the Shrimp Boogaloo which has earned this restaurant it's 5 stars. The Eggs Cochon is made by the hollondaise sause. If you have a bite without it  the fork full is good but not great. The shrimp Boogaloo was phenomenal with ever bute. All the ingredients tasted  excellent by themselves and came together for an even better final product.Came here in a Saturday morning during a NOLA vacation. I appreciate that you're able to get on the waitlist list via yelp got on waitlist while at the hotel then walked over and checked in! With that convenience once we got there, we didn't have to wait long at all! That was fabulous! I got the banana foster French toast, BF got omelette and pancake. The bananas foster French toast was TO DIE FOR! Probably the best thing I ate my whole trip IT WAS AMAZING!! The bacon wasn't as crispy as I would have liked but I almost was too busy enjoying the French toast to notice! My bf enjoyed the pancakes and the omelette good size portions as well! You will not leave hungry but definitely get on the waitlist before you go this place was PACKED and fills up quickly! I will definitely come back anytime I am in NOLA hope that the banana foster French toast stays on the menu!Worst food and service we've had in New Orleans yet. We took our very dear and most special people here based on the 4 star reviews. There were 2 ladies at the front door that we're lovely, amongst a bunch of hungry, grumpy people, they keep the mood light. I ordered the stuffed French toast which was pretty good... crisp on the outside and tender inside. It was stuffed with a berry compote and topped with cream cheese and whipped cream an had 2 slices of bacon. My husband had the " 3 Little Pigs omelet" which had bacon, sausage and ham and cheese and a side of cheese grits for .50 more. He said the omelette  was ok, the eggs were a bit over cooked and the grits were hard, almost crunchy(he didn't eat them or the biscuit). The couple that we took both ordered the BBQ shrimp and grits which came with a biscuit. The gentleman ate the shrimp but took one bite of the grits and wouldn't eat any more of them. He ate the biscuit though. The woman ate 2 shrimp and 1 bite of the grits and said it was the worst grits she'd ever had. She stopped eating and waited for our server to return so she could return her plate and order something palatable. After about 20 minutes of our server being a no show we had to flag down a busboy to get our server. When he came over(about 10 minutes later) we told him what the problem was, he said he had to get his manager because there were several that were unhappy with their meals this morning so now everyone had to be referred to the manager. Over the manager came...curt, maybe even rude...acting like we were being comped a meal...nope! We're paying for all 4 meals even though 3 were subpar! In the mean time, we had to ask a random server for refills of coffee, hot tea and waters, and yes, even though the food wasn't good and service was spotty we did the right thing a tipped anyway. When a manager knows there's a problem and an apology isn't made, and she attempts to give you attitude, there's a problem.I first heard of this place via Yelp and couldn't wait to test it out. Thankfully, I was not let down! Not only was the food amazing, but the staff was exceptionally sweet! 
The Cheesecake Stuffed French Toast is absolutely to die for! Every bite left me craving for more. My boyfriend got the Double Chocolate Buttermilk pancakes (huge plate!) and loved it. 
My coffee was amazing - I didn't even feel the need to put sugar or cream in it. Sometimes it's the little things, like coffee, that make or break a restaurant.
Did I mention the applewood-smoked bacon...? My mouth just waters thinking about!Concierge at the Saint hotel recommended and I was hooked immediately! Yesterday I had the PERFECT omelet, today snagged the special, red velvet pancakes! Pure heaven!Great place for a slow leisurely breakfast.   Service is fast but you don't feel rushed. All the food was prepared properly and tasted great.  A bit of a wait on a Saturday morning but I checked in online through the Yelp App and it saved us time.Just ok!! Poached eggs over cooked, very pretty good and good service but not great. It's edible but that's about where my compliments on the food end. Underspiced and no flavor just mehhh!!!If Arielle is waiting on you, she is the bomb! Very friendly and recommended the best brunch options. She is a sweet heart, the food and the dope buzz from the bloody Mary's was perfect!Food was great! We took first seating, at the bar. Service was okay. Try the Chicken St. Charles, you'll be happy you did!!The 3 Little Pigs omelet was amazing and the service was great. The wait looked much worse that it was. Even on a Sunday at 10am, we only waited around 20 min for a table for 2.
(My friend loved the Bananas Foster too, fyi.)What the heck?  I'm staying at the Roosevelt hotel in New Orleans and asked the concierge where to get breakfast and he points me here, he said great breakfast short walk.  So of course I trust a local.  I order scrambled eggs with cheese and toast.  Served me in about two minutes, cheese on top not even warm shreds, I put my finger in the eggs and they were cold, and the toast was cold.  There was no way it sat there because I was served so quickly.  What was it food just sitting around?  The waiter takes it back and I get slightly warm food returned  I know what they did, a few seconds in the micro, the cheese was now on the bottom so they obviously just flipped it over onto a new plate and slightly warmed it.  It was running in butter or oil or something.  I was able to eat some, but gross and shocked at the great reviews here.  I am giving two stars because the waiter was kind and attentive.  Too bad the food was sooooo bad :(I had the pulled pork breakfast biscuits with poached eggs. Very filling and tasty. 
Diner style restaurant. Service was relatively slow considering there was hardly anyone in there. Although the staff were all very polite and friendly. The OJ is freshly squeezed in site.The best place I've eaten in Nola. Arielle served us so quickly and gave great recommendations - we all LOVED our food. The corned beef hash Benedict was absolutely incredible. We will be returning soon!!Be prepared to wait for an hour at least. Their food and drinks were nothing too crazy for an hour long wait. I'm sure you can find something much better for breakfast and brunch around the area with shorter wait times. Service good, and our waiter was super friendly.Excellent breakfast. Dishes are inventive, and the two we ordered (Eggs Blackstone and Migas) were executed perfectly. Friendly and efficient service as well. Definitely a good choice for breakfast aficionados.If I have to sum up my experience at the Ruby Slipper, I would say it's amazing! The customer service was beyond great. Jen created such a valuable experience, that we did not experience at any other restaurant in NOLA. She was friendly, attentive, and unforgettable. We ordered Mimosas, the Costa Rican, French Toast, hash, and the Gulf of St Peter. We tasted each other's selections and everything was delicious. The Gulf of St Peter included a "cheesy grits cake". This was a first and it did not disappoint. The mimosas were definitely a good wake up fix with just the right amount of champagne. The entire staff was friendly and eager to help. If you are in NOLA, you have to visit the Ruby Slipper Cafe. It is an amazing experience with amazing menu options.
Oh yea and don't forget to request Jen as your server !Not a problem that there's not "Breakfast at Brennan's " anymore, this place has them beat hands down. 
Best breakfast in New Orleans.Great food near our hotel. Recommend by a friend and we expected a wait but they didn't have one. It was super yum!The menu can be intimating but the outcome is amazing. I think what I had was the egg couchon and my bf had something with chicken. It was amazing!!! Both filling. Wish I could have had their pancakes but there was no room. It also helped it was right next to our hotel! Definitely would go back and recommend.All in all one of the best finishers for brunch in New Orleans.  Great vibe.  Nice portions and presentation.  I enjoyed the eggs cochon and it was amazing.  The roasted potatoes (which I added) were great.  Don't forget to grab a mimosa or fabulous bloody mary.  Either way, all was well and we had the best bar tender ever.  Sam - YOU ROCK!Was optimistic about this place because of the many good reviews, however we never actually got to try the food. Once we were seated we waited 20 minutes and not one of the many workers that seemed to just be walking around even approached our table. (The restaurant was not busy at this time and many of the servers seemed to just be leisurely walking about) We decided to get up and leave, as we were walking out the hostess that had just seated us didn't even notice that something was off and told us to have a good day. Would be 0 stars if possible.Hello I would like to take the time out to thank my server David, He was very friendly and outgoing. Really helped me out with the menu and drink selections. Food was great and excellent service.The wait was 10min very packed... the waiter was very entertaining.... prices are great and the food was awesome"Peacemaker" the chicken st. charles and eggs blackstone for an outstanding breakfast. Only suggestion would be to swap the waiting benches and the outdoor tables as the tables are completely in the sun and gets way too hot. Thank goodness for their iced coffee!Yes there will be a line. Yes it's worth the wait! Use Yelp to save a spot in line to reduce the wait time. The breakfast my family and I had at the Ruby Slipper Cafe was outstanding, plentiful and a great base for a day of sightseeing. We went there on a recommendation from our beautiful young waitress at Landrys the night before. She was on point with this breakfast spot! Don't overlook this one!There are a few food items that I'm a real sucker for, and a good croque madame is one of those things. It's not an overly complicated thing, but it can be so tasty (in my opinion), and Ruby Slipper definitely delivers on that option here.
Now I actually went to a couple different Ruby Slipper locations when I was in town, but unlike some of the other reviews, I didn't experience a wait at this location. Perhaps that's because I went early. I was seated pretty quickly and was able to get my food and get to the conference I was in town for with plenty of time to spare. I would definitely recommend checking this place out if you're in the area.My girlfriends and I went here two mornings in a row because we enjoyed it so much. The French Toast Batons and Egg Cochon were really good! It's so popular that there can be a wait. Not bad though. They move people in quickly. Use the No wait app to get seated quicker. We used it the second day and by the time we walked there from our hotel the table was ready within 7 minutes.What I loved about this place was that you could get on the standby list before leaving the hotel!  By the time we arrived we waited maybe 30 mins for a table.  Cute place, food was a little slow to come out but Marcus, our waiter, got our orders right which made me happy!  We had the chorizo omellete and the 3 Little Pigs omelletes and everyone was happy with their order.  I high recommend the biscuit with the meal.  Tasty and huge.Came to this place cuz it was across the street to our hotel. We saw it as we were heading towards our walking tour. 
Decided to come here after our tour was over for lunch. 
There was a long line!!  The hostess took our name and said it'd be about 40 minutes. DOWNLOAD THE NOWAIT APP!! 
It told us our place in line, we were able to go back to our hotel and relax for a bit before coming back. 
Sat down as scheduled. 
Wife ordered the southern breakfast and I had the eggs cochon.  Both were awesome! Thank you to our waitress Arielle for the recommendation! Service was very friendly! We will be back... Tomorrow!Any place remotely connected with Cochon knows what's up.  We enjoyed the amazing breakfast.  Irish coffee, Bloody Mary, Cochon de lait eggs Benedict are all a must!  Had a couple of bites of the bananas foster French toast and loved it but couldn't do the diabetes challenge.  Can not wait to come back.This place had a long wait, but as a single I walked right in and set at the bar. They have a number of Benedict options. The Hollandaise was quite tasty, and I loved the corned beef hash Bennie. The only downside, is there's not a lot of lighter fare options, so only go here if you're ready to chow down. ;)The biscuits here are amazing!!! So are the mimosas, especially the grapefruit one :)Food was great! Portions are huge! Mamosa was nice and strong. They are very busy but allow you check into the waitlist and tell you when to arrive so we were lucky and only waited a couple minutes.Little bit of a wait. Join the waitlist on Yelp for faster service. Delicious morning drinks. Food is amazing.We had a delicious breakfast at The Ruby Slipper. The atmosphere is lively and the wait was long, but they will text you when your table is ready so you aren't tied down to the restaurant. The Eggs Cochon were bomb-diggity! I highly recommend that dish.Brunch was fantastic. We had to wait about 10 minutes. Great service. We ordered the eggs Cochon, and the st Charles. I preferred the St Charles, the chicken was fried to perfection, and the combination with the poached eggs on biscuit were just great. They lost our ticket so the food came about 20 minutes after. Both the waitress as well as the chef came over and apologized. And gave us a free order of stuffed French toast which was also great. Definitely go here when in NOLA.Delicious food and drinks. I would visit again. Only critique is wished the fried chicken had a little more flavor.Best bennys I've ever had! Get the eggs cochon and fried chicken bennys. Unreal! Bloody Mary was delicious as wellLove love love it here! To start, our waitress was amazing. She gave us directions to where we were going after and helped my friend with something on her phone!! She recommended what she personally likes on the menu and what is popular. To start off, we got a fruit berry drink. It was delicious!!! Then my friend ordered a sweet bacon and grits. The grits were amazing! I ordered a southern breakfast with fried green tomato, two eggs, grits, a biscuit and gravy. It was wonderful. The foot came out fresh and the place was very clean!! Definitely recommend!!This is the worst most unfriendly staff ever. They refused to take my order because I joined my friends late. 
Can't say anything about the food as they refused to take my order.Great coffee and good sized portions.  The Migas and eggs Cochon were excellent.  Came here with my parents and my children.  If you come early it is easier to get a table. Definitely worth the wait though.Really great brunch. My fiancé had an over the top Bloody Mary and Migas. I had a mimosa and Eggs Benedict. Everything was delicious.The food tasted good but their cups were dirty, like they did not wash them properly, my coffee mug had coffee stains like someone had just drank from it. The mimosa had some black pieces in there and we sent it back and got another one. The food is good but the cleanliness not so much.Not just your typical breakfast food! I couldn't decide which Benedict I wanted, so I was able to choose one of each. Our server was Aileen and she was fantastic! She was attentive and very personable!!Super for  breakfast and even better for brunch! Super yummy morning beverages! Wonderful dishes, and the bacon is unbelievable!Very rarely do my fellow yelpers fail me, but this is one of those times unfortunately.
Normally, I go to the Grill, but they moved out of the quarter a few weeks prior so had to find another place for breakfast as my hotel's continental breakfast was meh.
I ordered the Eggs Benedict (cochon and chicken) since it seemed to be the most popular item on the menu and something I would never order back home. Plus the yelp photos looked fantastic. Unfortunately, it was poorly executed. The biscuit was hard, the meat cold, but at least the egg was properly poached. A few dashes of hot sauce was needed to add some flavor. The mimosa was not impressive either. 
This was a huge disappointment and definitely not "one of the best breakfasts in New Orleans." 
I won't be returning.This experience was great!! The breakfast was fresh, I order the Chicken st. Charles which is a huge homemade biscuit with crispy juicy fried chicken and a poached eggs with Pepper jack cheese sauce! My breakfast experience was amazing!! The customer service was wonderful! I like this spot!The Bloody Marys are the best! I have the barbecue shrimp and grits and it was totally enjoyable. Our only issue was my sisters dish the shrimp she got we're spoiled. Later that day she got food poisoning from them. Other than that it was a great experience.Oh my..such goodness. First trip and we lived every bite. Excellent food, great service. Use the Ap to check in on line or you will wait as this is a very popular place. Sampled a good selection of the Benedict items and all were great..corned beef was outstanding. The bananas foster french toast is a we deserved splurge.I must say that this breakfast was amazing. I mean who makes pancakes larger than the plate? No such thing as a lite breakfast here.This place is amazing! The wait is long but you can reserve online before you go.  The chicken and biscuits is amazing! Lots of good food and drinks with a friendly staff.We were told the wait would be long, but to our pleasant surprise we were seated immediately.  The hostess was very sweet and our server was too!  We had the eggs cochon and the Blackstone Benedict which were both amazing.  The bloody mary was excellent as well. All in all a very nice dining experience!  We'll be back to try the rest of the menu.This was on of the best omelets my fiance and I ever ate. I attempted to eat healthy and had the Florentine and it was delicious. Definitely not healthy. It looked like a stick of butter melted underneath it but when on vacation who cares. The biscuit was one of the better ones I had down here. Service was great. Our waiter helped us eliminate some taxis and tours by directing us to the world war II museum and areas that we could walk to and didnt need a tour guide. We live by some phenomenal omelette places that serve over 200 and every one is more delicious than the next but this may be the winner. If we didnt have a rule of not going somewhere twice on vacation I would of been back the next morning.I'm so glad they have this new location on Canal & Burgundy.We went on a Saturday morning & we only waited 25 min.after the hostess told us 40 min.so that was cool.I was kind of worried that this location wasn't gonna be as good as the one on Magazine St. but I actually think the food was better at this location.I'll get my only complaint out of the way before I start raving about their delicious food.The booths.The booths are so small & a really tight fit.For whatever reason the table & the seats are sooo close together that you can barely get in/out.I don't know if this was a contractor problem or what but they definitely need to get this fixed ASAP.There were several other ppl having trouble getting in/out of their booths too.We asked our server & she said she didn't know why they were like that but that the owners were aware of the problem so hopefully they'll get that fixed soon.OK lets get to the food,everything was delicious! I got the Croque Madame & it was deelicious! That's right deelicious! It was a grilled Ham & Swiss sandwich topped with fried eggs & a really tasty cheese sauce.(I think Gruyere.) It also came with a really good salad with some kind of Lemon Vinaigrette ,the portion looked huge so my sister & I shared it.( we didn't feel like walking around with leftovers all day.)I also got the double Mimosa which was really tasty.One of our friends got the Three Little Pigs Omelet & it was really good too. It had lots of Swiss cheese,Bacon,Ham & Sausage.The Shrimp n Grits tasted pretty good too. I didn't get a chance to taste the Breakfast Sliders but I know everyone was happy with their meals.The waitress was really nice & attentive, we didn't have any problems with our service & it was a busy Sat.This was only my 2nd time here but now I have to come here for brunch everytime I come to NOLA , I'm already thinking about what I wanna try next.About what we expected and fast friendly service. We enjoyed traditional breakfasts and coffee. If you're looking for something "NOLA", you can find more unique joints; but if you're just looking for a solid breakfast stop, this is a good one.Not impressed. Crowded and food was mediocre. We went their for brunch...It's definitely not a place to go if you are looking for fresh, healthy options. Their "lighter fare" options were limited.Yum! Breakfast of vacation champions! I had the pan Perdu with a side of potatoes. It was absolutely great! My husband had the trio and was completely loving it. The set up is nice, easy to find and very clean. I loved the decor and our waitress was great as well!My husband Mike and I went to the RS on a Sat. Morning. There was a huge line. It went by very fast. We ate outside. The weather was great. The service was great! 5 stars to Sierra our wait person and to the chef. I had the Bananas Foster. YUMMY. Also an iced coffee with an extra shot of expresso that would put hair on your chest! Good experience.Came here last year and it was really good. This year, it was pretty nasty.
First off, no knock on the server. He was very nice and attentive. He wasn't really quick to get to our table, but I think he was one of two on and it really wasn't enough for the medium crowd.
My issue was with the food. I ordered a side of corned beef hash, two poached eggs and a side of ham. The corner beef hash was over spiced and cold. The eggs were overcooked and cold. The ham was OK. I fared well. My egg on the other hand, was served the saddest plate of scrambled eggs ever. I think they were homogenized from a carton. Definitely not fresh. She said the side of bacon she got was tasty.
If the dour faces on the rest of the crowd were any indication, I think the other patrons were having a similar experience. Skip The Ruby Slipper until they get their act together. They are capable of more -- we saw this last year.We are tourists that came to NOLA! This place serves breakfast all day(well until they close at 3pm) which is great. We were told we had to wait 15 minutes for a table at 11 am, but the wait was more like 5 minutes. The service here is good, and our waiter was attentive.
We ordered  2 lattes and a cappuccino which were very good. We then proceeded to order a side of corn beef hash, which had a unique spin on it from the ones we eat in NYC. It consisted of whole roasted red potatoes with slices of pulled pork in it. Very good!
Our main breakfast entrees were the Costa Rican dish, which was very good with the salsa and rice & beans. Plantain chips were crispy and fresh!
However, the only negative thing is the eggs Benedict... When you order an eggs benedict, you want your eggs poached and able to leak out. However, both of our dishes had poached eggs that were basically hard boiled eggs. We brought this to the waiter's attention and he replaced them quickly.
Overall, would go again.Fantastic breakfast ! We got here around 08:30 so there wasn't a queue but it was still pretty busy with only a few free tables. Coffee was hot and a good portion of milk was provided along with it. Refills were free which is one of my favourite things about visiting the USA. 
I ordered eggs well done / hard but they still had soft yolks. I'll try overhard next time? Everything else was spot on and the biscuits were immense and very tasty. 
Bacon was crispy, sausages were tasty and everything hit the spot. Definitely worth a try!Went early as I had read reviews about the line that can form later in the morning. We were seated within minutes.  Ordered the French toast and 3 little pigs omelet.  Both were really great especially loved the crunch of the French toast.  Service was good and food was great.  Would definitely go back when in town.  Seating is a little different as you practically share a booth with a second party.  Two different parties asked to be moved when they realized they weren't going to have their own private booth.  No biggie.  Great food to get the day started.  No complaints and worth the visit for an awesome breakfast.This location has very odd seating arrangements, but the staff is great!  We love the Migas and the iced coffee is so good! Sitting at the bar is first come first serve and the bartenders are awesome.  The farmhouse table is kind of awkward and is basically a huge table and they can sit anyone next to you, but can be good to make new friends.  If you want more of a one on one, request a two top or a table bc the tables in the middles are the same sort of seating.Every single aspect of this experience was disappointing and frustrating. Checked in on yelp 1 hr before and were told to be there at 12:45. Got there on time and did not get sat until 2:00. After sitting in the hot sun for 20 minutes our waiter tucker wandered by and said "oh did I greet you yet?" No. He took our order and did not come back until after a busser ran us our cold overpriced small portioned greasy food and he brought us our check. Never asked us for drinks. Never asked us how our food was. Just stood up by the hostess station with another guy who was clearly doing nothing and complained over and over about how they had been there since 7am. Watched the bussers wipe tables poorly with the same gloves on for 2 hours. Bad cleanliness practices with their stained t shirts and no management in site. Avoid this place.Bananas Foster Pain Perdue was the best French toast I ever had... Beware of the diabetic coma...  My wife's omelette was perfectly cooked...Was excited about this place but both meals lacked flavor. I love the concept of the peacemaker for those like myself who like to sample. I got the cochon and shrimp boogaloo. Looked great. Just lacked flavor. Sort of disappointed. Hun got the cinnamon swirl pancakes and they were ok.Stopped in for breakfast on a recent trip to NOLA. We all had a great meal. At the suggestion of our server, I tried the Eggs Cochon. I didn't think I like poached eggs but this was an awesome combination. I loved it. I pounded it down with a couple bloody marys and I was ready to hit it for another day or drinking, eating and gambling!!My sister hosted her bridesmaid's brunch here the morning of her wedding. We loved the food so much that we returned for breakfast the morning after the wedding.  We were referred here several times by many different people when we inquired about the best place to eat breakfast in the downtown area.  There was a wait of almost an hour, but it was twelve people in our party the second visit.  Normally, I would never wait this long to be seated, but I had been here the day before and knew what delectable wonders awaited just inside the doors of The Ruby Slipper.  I ordered the Eggs Coubion and Shrimp and Grits on the first visit.  I really enjoyed the Eggs Coubion, but the only thing I would replace or leave off is the Creole tomato Courtbouillon (yes, that's how it's spelled) sauce.  Others may love it but I don't usually eat tomato based sauces.  The next morning I had the Chicken St. Charles and French Toast with Applewood Bacon.  Oh my!!  Somebody call the law. This is sinful delicious.Best breakfast place I've been to in a looooong time!!  The Banana Fosters French Toast was decadent!!!  Soooo amazing!!  But I would recommend what we did - order that and a more savory dish to share. Other other dish was the Chicken St. Charles!!  That was one of the best chicken-biscuit dishes I've ever had!!!  And the service is absolutely amazing!!!  Our server was great, but we even had a couple of other servers stop by just to chat (in a super-fun, non-annoying way)!  This place is a must do!!The Smoked Salmon Bennie with poached egg and capers is fabulous. Wonderful French Truck coffee. Friendly service. Highly recommended by locals. We hope to come back!I wish I could eat a decently-sized meal whilst hungover--I WISH, but I can only stomach liquids the morn' after. My date came as a godsend during my NoLA trip, making all restaurant reservations before I even had a chance to ask him. We walked in on a Saturday morning trying to shake off our headaches, and ordered the bacon bloody mary from the bar at the entrance as our table was being prepped. I'd order one of those again just for the pickled accouterments. 
Lord, if I was hungry enough I would've ordered the trifecta, as many people recommend. Instead I finished my drink and then ordered the shrimp boogaloo benedict--crispy fried green tomatoes and plump Gulf shrimp, this thing screamed Southern Comfort. I'm surprised the plating was so messy but I'll let it slide at the sight of perfectly poached eggs. Couldn't finish but one half, but what I tasted hit the spot. The beau ordered a chicken sandwich as he's more of a luncher than a bruncher, and the sandwich disappeared faster than you can say "laissez les bon temps rouler." Overall the was great, drinks were amazing, but the service was what had me smiling the whole time. To my server, I wish I could recall your name but you stole our hearts with your hospitality and humor. 
The Ruby Slipper is a mainstay for NoLA brunching. Just make sure you make your reservation ahead of time.This was the best breakfast ever. The service was amazing. The food was good and fresh.
It was so good I went twice for breakfast. I tried the pug candy bacon which was sweet but had a great flavor to it. I think everyone should make it a go to spot for a good breakfast or brunch spot in The Big Easy.I had a "peacemaker" which let me combo two different Benedicts for $1 more. The eggs Cochon was more flavorful and tender than the corned beef Bennie. Service was nice and the food came out much faster than expected. Eggs, potatoes, coffee and OJ came out to $27 before tip though, over $30 for one person after tip. Tasty but Not sure I would come back at that price.Eggs blackstone was great. I highly recommend it. The biscuit will melt in your mouth. The coffee is good and the service is great. We got seated quickly.Sat at the bar after waiting 45 mins. Wonderful, fabulous spectacular food!!!!! I had the bananas foster my husband had the egg Cochin!! Best meal so far!!Great food but sadly unable to give accurate wait times...gave ourselves 2.5 hours before 2:00 play and still wasn't able to eat here.  If you have unlimited time, it's great food!   St Charles chicken is my recommendation!Amazing!!!  Make sure you say HI to Gene! Get chicken st. Charles! Owners should be proud of teamMy girlfriend and I came here for breakfast on a Saturday morning and were very pleased with our food and our service. Our server, Keymon, was very attentive and helpful with the menu. He suggested the Chicken St. Charles, which was a great pick. My girlfriend ended up going with the French toast, which was also a good pick. We were very happy with our experience here and will definitely be returning.Awesome service, food, and drinks. Definitely recommend the Bloody Mary and Eggs Benedict (I had the trifecta chicken, shrimp, and pork).What an amazing experience!! Best Bloody Mary I've ever had. Ask for Arryian...cute as a button!! No place better for after a long night of drinking in the French Quarter!!Great breakfast spot!  I had the corned beef hash benedict and was happy with it.  The service was good.  Next time, the bananas foster french toast for me!We ate at the Ruby Slipper Cafe on Canal on Friday, August 31st at about 9:00am.  We added our name to the "Yelp Wait List" on the app about 10 minutes before arriving, which definitely shortened our wait.
We were seated at the bar, and the restaurant was very busy.  Our server was cordial; however, not very active and didn't seem like she really wanted to be working.  With that said; however, the bartender was really sweet and nice and was a pleasure to chat with during our service. 
Our party of two ordered the Migas and the Mango and Coconut stuffed french toast.  We both enjoyed our meals, and REALLY loved the French Toast. 
The food arrived quickly, based on how busy the restaurant was.  I would return again, and definitely feel this restaurant is deserving of four stars.There is a long weight as expected for a place with good food. However, there is a long wait (45 minute) for food after order. And it comes out warm to cold. Not good. It does taste good but not hot.Best experience we've had in New Orleans! Xan was an amazing server!! Seriously food, staff, space was so great!First I have been wanting to come here since I heard about them because I am a huge Wizard of Oz fan and anything that has any reference to WoZ I want to check out.  The service was okay. The waiter seemed very space out and wasn't very attentive. In fact right when our meal came our check came afterwards like okay you got your food now get out feeling.  The other problem we had was the chairs. Even skinny people had hard time sitting in them. They were smaller than airplane seats and made it very uncomfortable to enjoy our meal. The food was great though. I had the 3 pigs omelet with a biscuit and fruit and it on par. My date had the banana fosters French toast and she enjoyed it. The bacon though was undercooked and not crispy. She doesn't send food back so she was not able to enjoy that. I am not sure it is a place to return to unless I went to one of the other ones that they have.Amazing, biscuits with cane syrup butter, fried green tomatoes,  grits, chicken sausageOur family of 13 went in for brunch on a Saturday.  We had tried going to the one on Magazine St, but there was an hour wait, and we weren't going to be able to sit together.  We called this one and they said they'd be able to seat us in five minutes!
They sat us at the bar table, and it was perfect for our family. Plenty of room!  Our waitress (I wish I remembered her name) was so helpful and sweet. She took the time to answer our questions and make suggestions.  The service was excellent! 
The food was also very delicious.  Since there were 13 of us, I got to try a few different things.  I had the chicken biscuit with the poached eggs -- amazing!  The Migas was also very good.  The biscuits are really nice and are homemade, so they are nice and fresh. 
While I had the coffee, my cousin ordered a Bloody Mary, and it was the best I've ever tried.  A little spicy too!
Our waitress was also really helpful in suggesting places to visit and go to while we were in town.  She took the time to write a few places down and even offered to take a picture of our group without us even asking!
I wish we had one of these cafés back at home!!Chicken St Charles is one of the best breakfast dishes I've ever had.  Friendly service, good coffee as well.It was busy but the online waitlist was a great tool to use. The food was simply amazing the environment was good and the customer service was excellent.This was one of the weirdest meals I've ever had at a restaurant...and not in a good way.  My girlfriend ordered the oatmeal with fruit compote.  It came with no fruit, but the waiter disappeared until the end of the meal, so she ended up paying $8 for a bowl of plain oatmeal.  You know what a bowl of oatmeal looks like?  Picture it in your head.  Yep, just like you remember it.  
I got the cuban sandwich and fries.  For some reason I cannot and do not particularly *want* to understand, absolutely everything tasted like fish.  We had no silverware and searched for the waiter in vain throughout the whole meal, for 20 to 30 minutes.  No such luck.
There were no napkins, so when my hands got covered in grease from the fishy ham sandwich, I wiped them off with 5 to 10 sugar packets, the only thing on the table.  The waiter came back about 30 minutes later to drop the check off.  I asked if I could get the sandwich to go and he came back with a small box that was obviously, visibly smaller than the sandwich.  Which I would have been able to cut in half if I had a knife.  I didn't, so I gave my hands fresh coat of fish grease as I messily tore the thing in half.  It still didn't fit, and actually burst open in my backpack 10 minutes down the road.  I threw the sandwich away, but I can still smell it on my backpack as I type this.  
This place blows.This was our first NOLA stop. If you get on the waitlist at least an hour before you want to eat, it's like you're not even waiting. The cocktails were really good. We got the signature ruby slipper and breakfast margarita. To eat we mix and matched two Benedicts. I suggest their two signature ones as those had the most flavorEggsellent breakfast! LOL I had the Eggs Blackstone, deeelicious. But, let me tell you, they have the best grits I've ever eaten at a restaurant. Restaurant grits are usually on the bland side for me, but not at the Ruby Slipper, they were just right. The wait was long, but well worth it. We were at the Canal location, so we enjoyed some people watching while waiting. It's a must if you're looking for a breakfast spot in New Orleans!All good here!  I would order the Gulf Fish St Peter next time. My eggs Benedict corned beef and biscuit style was good but the St Peter was AMAZING. Our kids enjoyed their banana pecan pancakes. Our waiter, Adrian, was super helpful and friendly. I'm ready to go back and try more on this menu! Very family friendly too!Mediocre food and bad customer service- don't understand the buzz,  the food was just ok and then we got sour cappuccino probably because of bad milk 
- they said that they will replace that and apologized we waited for long but than just gave the bill and forgot all about that - just bad customer serviceThis the BEST place for breakfast or brunch!!!!
Worth the wait. Great food! Friendly staff. You get your moneys worth and then some.My brothers and I ate at Ruby Slipper Cafe, delicious! Farrionne, our waitress, was wonderful! Overall, the food exceeding our expectations and Farrionne provided quick and friendly service! If you're in New Orleans, this is a must for brunch. The wait is worth it, trust me!After living in NOLA for 8+ years, I figured it was time to visit The Ruby Slipper. We used the app to reserve our spot in line for a table while we were looking for parking - that made the whole experience so much better! 
Also, there is another app that you can register for while dining to get a free side item (there's an info card on the table), like the pig candy bacon, which was ah-maz-ing and even more amazing because it was free. 
I ordered the Chicken St Charles, and the hubby got a Smoked Salmon omelette. Mine was fantastic, and probably more food than I really should have consumed in one meal, but oh well. Hubby's was a little "meh," but I told him to order a Benedict, not a silly omelette. Lesson learned. When visiting a tourist attraction, you get the item(s) that the place is known for. There's a REASON people order the same dishes over and over again. Nobody raves about the omelette. At least not frequently. Personally, I can make an omelette at home - I'm awful at poaching eggs, so I'll gladly take advantage of having someone else do it for me (and serve it on a delicious biscuit with fried chicken & things).
So, yes, go to the Ruby Slipper, but FFS, get the "signature items" to understand why people actually wait in line for this place.The wait was about 40 minutes in the afternoon and that's probably because the food here was on point! I got the catfish and grits special and it did not disappoint. To drink, I ordered the ruby slipper mimosa. The server was knowledgeable and helpful! Love this place!Food was AMAZING and SERVICE was SUPERB!!!! Arielle was so personable and attentive. I got the trifecta and was throughly impressed. The Ruby Slipper mimosa was  but the food made up for it!!!!!This place is awesome had the 3 Little Pigs and a side of corned beef hash and the Mimosas are huge and they have a variety in flavors. Arrive early so u don't get caught in the rush and have a long wait time.Love this place! It a "Must Do" every time we are in NOLA. Our server Arielle was amazing! We love the French Quarter location as it has more room for seating than the other locations. Another great visit today!!Choose this restaurant as my last meal while on vacation in New Orleans! We were staying really close and I remember seeing a really long line out the door the very first time walking past here. So on my last morning, I called in and discovered there was no wait, score!
The only place I docking a star for this place was the seating situation, we originally got seated at a very large long table in the back sitting next to each other where one of us was across from another person. It was kind of odd since there were 2 seats in the large table at least across from each other, so I asked to switch and they accommodated. 
The menu was extensive, full of the typical breakfast and lunch items for around $12-15 and I opted for the eggs Benedict (one pork and the other salmon) for $15. It was super rich but delish, I finished every bite and left very full! The pork was my favorite. Also got their cold brew coffee ($4) which hit the spot.
Service was fast and friendly and the atmosphere was casual. Not sure if I'd wait in a crazy long line for this place, but the food and service was wonderful for decent prices!Earlier today, my mother and I went to The Ruby Slipper after it being recommended to us by our concierge. Though, was not all it was spoke up to be. Wait was long but was not an issue. After waiting 30 minutes for a table (being told our wait time would be 15 minutes), they sat us at the bar. We decided that wouldn't be a problem, though the bartender was. She was incompetent and simply didn't seem to care about her job. Asked for coffee with cream, she didn't bring the cream. When we asked for napkins, she also didn't bring them. Get this, my mother didn't even get her meal. I sat with my food in front of me getting cold and had to wave down the bartender to even notice my mother didn't have her food. Come to find out, she didn't even put in her order. She didn't suggest to put my food in the hot window after it sitting out for over 10 minutes. A simple sincere apology would have been enough from that bartender but you can't expect that for people who don't care.The menu here is amazing.  I had the Eggs Cochon which was a little strong but tasty.  The biscuit was not overcooked and the eggs were perfect. Each portion of the dish stood on its own.  On weekends,  it seems an employee is posted near the hostess to provide mimosas and other brunch cocktails to waiting customers.   The cocktails were mostly sparkling wine with little to no mixer and SERVED IN Dixie cups.   I'm paying $60 for bunch, your mimosa should be served in a flute.  Servers are a little slow.  The seating area is clean and well-lit.Came here on a Sunday morning at 12:30pm which explains the crowd, waited about 20 min to be seated, the service was slow but I attribute that to the time we arrived, the food itself was excellent, the decor is nice and kind of reminds me of a fancier diner, I had the fried chicken egg Benedict which was great, a lot of options here, if I lived near one of these I'm sure that u would return for brunch for sureGreat food! We came here for brunch after we walked from our hotel. Walking distance from majority of downtown hotels. Had to wait about 25 minutes to get seated but you can add yourself in the waiting list before you get there (Which we should have done). Great atmosphere, great service. Very fair prices. We ordered pancakes and my girlfriend had and omelet. Food was very very fresh and good. Very good quality. Would defiantly come back here and recommend friends to come here too!You must eat breakfast here and you must get here early! From sweet to savory everything we ate was amazing! Seriously the BEST banana French toast ive ever had! It's a small joint with lots of fans, so be prepared to wait unless you get here early and can snag street parking. In my opinion you can't go wrong with any of their sweet choices, but their egg entres looked yummy too!Tasty food , could've been a little warmer and the Waitress was friendly but told me I couldn't have just one slice of French toast, help a brother out . Once again , very good food.Excellent breakfast - wish we would have found it sooner and ate there every day!  Bananas Foster and Eggs Cochon are the best two entrees for salty and sweet! HIGHLY recommended!Breakfast was OK,  but not worth the 45 minute wait.  I would recommend going to one of the many other places in the vicinity that offer as good if not better food.Today we had brunch at this location and the food and drinks were great but the service was outstanding! We sat at the bar and Amber took care of us. She was very attentive, kind and very funny! She kept our glasses full and we did not have to ask for a thing! I highly recommend this Canal St. location to my family and friends and I highly recommend this bartender Amber if you want a great Ruby Slipper experience!It was good however I think it was the meal I got that I didn't enjoy. The bbq shrimp and grits. The grits were bland. I had to ask for cheese on the side. My friend ordered the pancake flight and they were good. Very flavorful.Looking for a good start to our day of touring the FQ, we heard good things about Ruby Slipper. Saturday morning (~9am), our group of 4 was immediately seated and greeted by staff. We went for the specials of the month, creole eggs benedict and mango stuffed french toast. The perfectly poached eggs on top of flaky biscuits (biscuits are way better than English muffins anyway) with creole gravy/sauce went well together, and was surprisingly not overly rich of heavy. Their french toast is less eggy than others I've had, which I much prefer the reduced egginess, and mango/coconut filling added a sweet touch, not overly sweet as I feared. 
The table arrangement was weird, as they have us directly facing the table next to us (imagine a square split into two, one group on each side, and little space separating the two), but we're all nice folk so there weren't any real problems.
Overall a good experience, with good food, good service, in a clean, bright space. Good start to the day!Amazing!!! Food was excellent and the staff was super friendly!!  Must try if you are in New OrleansThe food / service is ALWAYS good at the various locations I've patronized.  However, on this visit it was the manager's (Mandy) customer service that was lacking. My niece and I ordered pancakes and when we got them, she didn't like how hers tasted. I was ok with mine. I told my waitress Xan, she didn't like them / they didn't taste right and Xan stated she would have to get her manager. Manager Mandy approached the table and asked what was wrong / what didn't she like about them. My niece stated she didn't like the way they tasted (she'd only taken one bite.) Mandy stated, "Well it's the same batter and cooked on the same grill", in a tone that I received as rude, as if we were insulting the cook. So I stepped in and REPEATED, "SHE DOES NOT LIKE THEM / THE WAY THEY TASTE...she would like to get something else." Mandy reached for the plate and my niece handed it to her, and Mandy proceeded to snatch it from my niece. I gave Mandy the "ok, "DON'T PLAY" look, and she walked away with the rudest/unprofessional scowl on her face. I was WAITING on her to bring the substituted item back, but using her best judgement, she sent another waiter out with it. If a dish is not satisfactory to a customer, and the customer (in this case a minor) gives their best response as to WHY they didn't like it, that should be end of story and a "What would you like to substitute this for?" rebuttal should be presented from the manager. All things (food, service, wait time) were good...Manager Mandy put a black mark on the experience.  **I'd highly recommend prior to heading to either of their locations, that you use "waitlist" within the Yelp app to secure you a place in line prior to arriving. Our wait time was 15 minutes by using Waitlist as opposed to the hour and 15 minute time if we had not used it.Delicious biscuits and sweet bacon! I got the bam bam biscuit without the egg and tomato, it was delicious! I could've eaten two! Perfect combination of buttery, salty, sweet, and a bit of spicy with the pepper jack cheese!Friendly and fast service. Eggs cochon were fantastic. And they make a great cup of coffee. We will be returningFirst time visitor to New Orleans. This place is all that it's cracked up to be. We ordered the Eggs Blackstone and Louisiana Omelet. Delicious! And they serve a healthy portion too. Wait staff are very courteous. Will definitely return.Decent food for the most part and decent prices. I had the migas and it was pretty good. Nothing to rave about. I got two slices of avocado which is kinda pathetic but everything else was pretty tasty. 
My dad got the BLT on sourdough. You would think since there's LETTUCE in the name of the sandwich, they would be generous with putting some on it. However, see my pic for the soggy unappetizing piece of lettuce. It was also very dry. Had to ask for some mayo. 
My mom had the bam bam breakfast and said it was pretty tasty. 
I like that they use nowait to make reservations/call ahead. 
This is the second time I've been to this location and both times the food took a long time to come out. Don't go if you have somewhere to be!I loved that they use the No Wait app-because of this  we were seated within minutes of arriving! I wish every place used this app! Our server was great-and the bacon infused bloody Mary's were excellent! Food was great too-I would def recommend. Make sure to use the app or expect a very long wait for breakfast.Awesome! We ate here every morning during Mardi Gras.  Service and food was great. There is always a line out front and a waiting list so I would suggest making online reservations utilizing Yelp.  We would make our reservations while dressing at the hotel and by the time we walked to the restaurant, there would be little to no wait. I highly recommend. You will not be disappointed.This is without a doubt my favorite brunch place in New Orleans. The wait is always long, but you can join the waitlist through Yelp and then show up and be seated pretty quickly. I've NEVER had a bad experience and the food is always amazing. The Chicken St Charles is one of my favorite dishes, but I definitely recommend trying the pancakes and French toast as well. The bacon infused vodka Bloody Mary is spicy and delicious and you can't go wrong with their ruby slipper mimosa and the Bellini is wonderful as well! We've always had wonderful wait staff, but Dante at the Canal Street location went above and beyond. Take the time and make this part of your New Orleans visit, you won't be disappointed!When I saw that there were a few locations I should've know it was mediocre food. Although it had four stars I'd thought I give it a shot. Long story short , our order was completely wrong and the food was not good. In fact it hurt my stomach for the rest of the day. Our server was sweet and patient but I wouldn't return.Our hotel was located just down the road from the Ruby Slipper. We stopped in on a Thursday morning for brunch. They had a pretty extensive menu and pretty delicious coffee, surprisingly good. 
I decided on an omelette and breakfast potatoes. I asked for mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, and goat cheese. When it came out, they added cheddar. Not a big deal, but still something to note. Hubby ordered an omelette and a side of pancakes. He loved it.
I would be interested in coming back next time and trying some of their lunch items.Food was amazing.   The infused bacon vodka Bloody Mary was to die for.  We share our meals because they all were amazing.This was definitely a hit. Love that they use a waiting list app through Yelp. We had an Uber nightmare and it was pouring buckets the day we went. Needless to say, we missed our waitlist time. The ladies at the front were kind enough to honor our waitlist spot and we were seated with no wait. Our server was super friendly and on top of everything. The food was great but not as hot as it should have been. We had the Shrimp Boogaloo and St. Charles benedicts.  The shrimp with the fried green tomato was hands down my favorite. We also had the bananas foster pain perdu which is a house specialty for good reason. It was rich and sinful. Overall, a great experience!My visit to this place really calls into question the legitimacy of these reviews. The only pleasant thing about this place is the texting app for waiting for a table. Our server was completely lacking in what one would expect from even the simplest service. After being seated we waited for over 30 mins for a mimosa and vodka cranberry and when I kindly asked amount the drinks I was told, they should be coming from the bar.... So we waited another 15 mins until he realized he never put our orders in. Now to the food (when it came an hour later) the egg cochon certainly had potential but fell flat at every turn, the pork was bland, poached eggs overcooked and sauce added nothing all atop a soggy biscuit that at one point in its existence may have been edible. My dining companion had the croque Monsieur which was equally disappointing. Perhaps this was a fluke, perhaps the place was off its game or I'm just too picky but that seems unlikely as the four people seated around us at a communal table all had similar complaints. I think we all knew we were in for a treat when we each separately have to also for water and silverware. Just be warned, I read similar reviews before we decided to pull the trigger, the menu has some great dishes on it, but I can't see any of them actually living up to their potential. And even if the food is found wanting perhaps some short training sessions with the servers my help, it was a terrible experience from beginning to end. Wound up taking a 20 mins trek to a difference restaurant after we left.While I was visiting New Orleans I went here everyday for almost a week I tried another place once for breakfast and I came right back to this place the food is amazing. This spot is extremely busy so you should make a reservation before you head over here. When I come back to New Orleans this will be my first place to go.My first time at the Canal St location.Enjoyed the service and food! Stop by the coffee bar and try their delicious 'cold' Irish coffee with whiskey & Irish creamGood stuff!  A must stop if you're in town!!  The stuffed French toast is soooooo yummy!AMAZING!  I had The Peacemaker because I couldn't decide which benedict to order so I got the Eggs Cochon and the Chicken St. Charles and they did not disappoint!  Of the two, I prefered the Eggs Cochon - the pork was flavorful, the sauce was amazing, and the egg was poached just right.  The wait wasn't too bad for a party of 4 and a dog (we wanted outdoor seating) and we showed up around 9 a.m. It did get busy throughout the morning though.  Great place and will definitely return when I visit NOLA again.Delicious brunch, put your name on the wait list via yelp to avoid the line. Try the brandy milk punch, its like an alcoholic chocolate milk. The Chicken St Charles was delicious but a bit chewy and heavy. Atmosphere was a bit lacking but food and drink made up for it.Walked up Canal st to find Ruby Slipper cafe. Known for their eggs Benedicts. They have a pretty good menu and i wantet to try many things. But i went with the chicken st charles and a nice mimosa to start my day right. I sat at the bar on a Saturday morning. There was a small wait line and i was by myself so the bar was perfect. It was nice and spacious and a good airflow even though the kitchen is right next to it you dont feel any heat. Chicken St Charles tasted delish and it was a perfect portion and it didn't take long at all. Try it out!Awesome southern breakfast and brunch spot! I loved the Migas breakfast plate. They also have great southern favorites like shrimp & grits as well as fresh biscuits.Okay.  The food and coffee meet a fair baseline, but a bit overpriced, like much of the French Quarter (where portions are surprisingly small, this place no different: $13 for eggs Benedict Cochon, which comes with nothing else, and really needs a side to be included in that price, even if just a little potato).  Service is decent and the tip suggestions are correct (start at 15 percent of the subtotal).  Closes mid afternoon.Went to The Ruby Slipper this morning and when we arrived we were told the wait was an hour.....having already braved the rain and paid to park we sucked It up figuring It wouldn't be as bad as quoted.
Well, It was however that's why I'm giving the 5 Stars! The food and service were excellent but it's rare that a restaurant is accurately quoting their wait. And let me explain further...they were crushing It in every aspect! Tables opened and were attacked by the staff to clean and seat. 
New Orleans Bowl weekend, Saints home game, bad weather....nothing got in the way. They executed in every aspect of our experience.Everything was just amazing and may I say they have the best Bloody Mary I ever had in my life! Just the  wait is crazy but thanks to yelp you can join the waitlist and they get you in right away as soon as you get there and you don't have to wait like the crowd that has been standing there!Had the best Southern Style Breakfast. I was visiting the City for a Keller Williams Real Estate Convention - Ruby Slipper was highly recommended. I am so glad I visited the location. Got the opportunity to meet with this amazing gal - Jenn Griffith. She patiently helped me decide what I should order and then gave me lots of insight into the city and activities to explore. Her vast knowledge of the local places and the world around us was amazing. 
Thank you Jenn. Hope to meet you again.Farrionne gave us amazing service during our visit. She is so kind and sweet. Chef Julius made sure our food was cooked to perfection. I ordered the shrimp and grits but substituted the shrimp for catfish.....AMAZING! I highly recommend stopping in this place! Ask for Farrionne!!OK - I really wanted to like this place. Lots of hype, friends said it was a must go, etc. their Bloody Mary is really good, spicy.
We ordered the salmon Benedict and the tomato/bacon Benedict thingy. Both came with very little, if any holly daisy sauce. We asked for extra hollandaise and that came fairly quickly, however, it was like melted velveeta. I love hollandaise, I've made hollandaise and where I'm from it is not the consistency of melted velveeta and it has more flavor. You'd think that the land of the butter and fat and grease would have some of the best hollandaise sauce around. Not here. I also prefer a crispy English muffin to the fat bready biscuits. So maybe it's just personal preference.
Service was fine, they are very busy so it takes awhile to place your order. Waitress wasn't personable but they're busy so what do you expect. 
The wait wasn't as long as they said it would be - we were there at about 11:30 on a Sunday and they told us 30 mins. We were seated in 20 mins. Two bars to order cocktails while you wait.
French toast is sweet but good, but basic French toast. Bacon is very smokey and crisp.Had the pulled pork eggs Benedict pork was dry server forgot half of one of the meals wait is not worth it wouldn't go backCiara was my server the first time I came:  I received quick service.  She was friendly and attentive.  The food was DELICIOUS!  Everything was tasty and the prices are reasonable.  I arrived approximately 9am on a Thursday.  Today is Friday and there was a slight wait.  We arrived at 9:08 am. 
Taylor was our server:  another great morning at Red Slipper.  Delicious food and attentive wait staff :  get the catfish and grits with a biscuit and a side of fries green tomatoes and the Bellini:  you will have a to go box!Brunch was amazing. Had the eggs cuchon their signature dish. Biscuit was dense but buttery and delicious. Hollandaise was on point. Pulled pork could have used more smoky flavor but good. Bananas foster was out of this world. We wanted the blueberry cheesecake stuffed French toast but they were sold out. The waiter suggested the bananas foster and he was so right. Got a side of corned beef hash and it was delicious too. Mimosas and Bellinis were full of champagne and worth $11. Overall couldn't have been a better meal. Must go spot if you are in NOLAOur waitress was so sweet and friendly. Made me feel right at home like I was a regular. Super fun options and cute little place on the corner.Alright. I ate here after running a half marathon so they probably could have vomited onto a plate and I would have eaten it. But that in no way diminishes the fact that this is an awesome place to get drunk and eat breakfast. I suggest the Irish Coffee followed by a mimosa. For food, the eggs blackstone, grits and the banana pecan pancakes do a great job soaking up all of the booze you'll be ingesting.
Plenty of vegetarian shit too! Seems like they're pretty willing to sub out meat for vegetables.
If you've just run a long ass race, you'll probably want to sleep immediately after brunching here, so try to live near by.Never disappointed. The food here is amazing. It does not matter if you are looking for sweet or savory they have great choices for either.Fantastic! Came here on a Monday morning for breakfast/brunch and this location was very quiet, which was a nice change of pace. To start, our waitress was extremely friendly, down to earth and pleasant. She was knowledgable and honest about her recommendations and did not annoy us with too frequent of table check-ins.
On the way over, our Uber driver mentioned how good the food was. He said he wasn't usually a fan of sweet breakfast food, but that the Bananas Foster Pain Perdu
(French-bread based french toast with rum-flambèed bananas & raisins, served with applewood-smoked bacon) was a must! He was right! The bread was so soft and it was sweet, but not too sweet. Also, the bacon was exceptional.
I also had a vanilla/coffee flavored breakfast cocktail that was very tasty.This spot is great and I'm so happy it is in my neighborhood. Reminds me of Brooklyn with a Southern twist. Real grits, vodka infused bacon and biscuits that are to die for. I'm not sure what is in the whipped butter but it is chilled and yummy. The boozy breakfast cocktails are worth the wait-no reservations here. I'll be back. This is a fabulous weekend brunch stop, lazy day off, third date and I think I'll keep you around lunch spot. Opens and closes early but well worth getting up for. Diana our waitress was the energizer bunny and took very good care of us. We'll be back, often.The waitress was great but my friends and I found the food a little bit plain. 
My salmon eggs benedicts lacked flavors and were quite dry: the salmon was overcooked and so were the biscuits. I had a hard time cutting pieces of the biscuit using the knife. I ended up stabbing them to be able to eat them. I would have enjoyed seeing a lovely little dill sauce on top, which was supposed to come with the dish... but never saw on my plate.A really fun breakfast spot that we found on our second day in NOLA. Food was yummy and the service was fantastic. Only thing keeping this place from five stars was the strange and eclectic decor. Set in an old bank building, there was some turn-of-the-century bankness, some Art Deco in the bar, and some rather homemade looking decor around that.
This has the makings of a true five star establishment with a little elbow grease in the decor.It was so good we went again the next day! Their Benedict's were amazing but what really brought me back were their biscuits! It was the perfect combo of crisp on the outside and light, warm, and fluffy on the inside. It also comes with a maple butter that you can literally put on anything and it would taste great!Go here and eat eggs blackstone. You'll thank yourself. Also be sure to get some fresh squeezed orange juice.
Quality, fresh ingredients. Decent prices. Friendly staff. Cute decor.
I don't need to say anything else because there's nothing else to say. I'd eat here every day if I could. Sadly, I live 12 hours away... :(Loved this place! I got the shrimpy omelette which I now realize... NOLA has very fishy shrimpies! So I would probably not get that next time. But their iced coffee was great. The biscuits were good. The energy was fun and lively.Our new go-to brunch spot. Always delicious and you can never go wrong with a ruby slipper mimosa!Had brunch here while on vacation. Drinks from bar were good and coffee decent. The food was nothing special. They can do the basics fairly okay but don't bother with any seafood. Bacon was great, cinnamon roll pancakes were nice and rich! The shrimp eggs Benedict was just bad, lacked flavor and the muffin was super dry. Service was lukewarm, no greeting from hostess and waiter seemed to hate his life; made the experience less fun and upbeat.The eggs benedict was okay however the french toast was very bland. There was nothing special on the menu so this is just another regular café.What's best to start your day? A good breakfast of course and we had it at Ruby Slipper!
My family and I arrived at around 7.45 and the place wan't busy-yet. We were party of 7 & got a table right away, but when we finished at 8.45, the restaurant was super packed! So I assume busy time is from 8.30-ish? Be ready to wait ;)
Here's some of what we ordered:
1. Bananas foster pain perdu: so good & of course, so sweet. The bread was 1/3 crispy! 
2. Louisianan omelet: so good! The cheddar was fullfiling 
3. The southern breakfast: just like how you want it ;)
The food took around 30-35 mins to be served, hope your tummy is ready for that lol
Overall, it's a really nice place to brighten up your day with big breakfast and friendly staffs!Food was just ok. The waitress would not let us keep our starbucks cups even though we had to wait for 1 hour to sit down. The least they could have done was be understanding. The food was not as good as the other ruby slipper in the CBD, but the waiter was nice. On my visit I was next to another couple that had issues with the food and it was comped. I'm sure things will get better because it just opened.The food was good but there was a wait to get it.  Our particular waitress seemed to be a bit slow anyways so maybe that was the issue.  Great ambiance with jazz music playing and they had a classic movie (Psycho) playing on the TV.  I recommend the bananas foster and the fried chicken Benedict.I didn't know anything about this little breakfast and lunch hotspot in the Marigny, a neighborhood just east of the French Quarter, but our travel companions were raving about it. The Ruby Slipper serves breakfast all day, which is good for people like us who like to sleep in. After being put on a twenty minute wait, we ordered a few breakfast coctails from the bar. A spicy Bloody Mary, and a great rendition of a brandy milk punch had our morning starting out right. Upon being seated in what looked like an old bank, we made our selections which were delivered with rapid fire pace considering how busy they were.
For full review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/The stars say it all, "Eek! Methinks not." I'd rather go wait in a line for 15 min at Camellia Grill. 
I got the most traditional breakfast every breakfast place has, and somehow they managed to mess that up. First, a very minor mistake - they forgot my bacon. Which, in fact, I wish I wouldn't have realized it was missing because it tasted bad... kinda like rubber. Also, the potatoes had a very strange and unsatisfying taste. I LOVE potatoes of any kind: hashbrowns, french fries, thick, thin, you name it, I'll eat it. But these were not very edible either. According to my date, they tasted "dirty." 
It's also rather expensive for such a simple menu and simple and traditional meals. There's nothing extraordinary about this place. It looks like my grandma's house. And my grandmother can cook much better. If she didn't live in another country, I'd say "I'd rather go to her house." But in this case, the best I can say is, I'll go elsewhere.On our way out of NOLA we stopped specifically for their bananas foster french toast and it was amazing. If you have ever made this dish you know that the bananas can become a brown mushy mess but these bananas were firm and tasty. The bread was crispy on edges and soft and nelty in the center. On point. Also they made a great cup of coffee. Plus staff was kind and expedient.This is one of my favorite breakfast/brunch spots during the week. Service and food always hits the mark! Their Chicken St. Charles is the best!I have visited the Ruby slipper in mid city a few times and have had a great experience. I decided to visit the uptown location because my hotel was  in this area. I was disappointed with the service from my waitress. She wasn't very attentive. The food was average and my refill was hit or miss.. We chose to sit outside and was very uncomfortable with all the people standing over us while we ate because they were waiting to be seated. Ruby Slippers serve great food, but this location missed the mark.Ruby Slipper used to be the GREATEST breakfast place in NOLA.  Unfortunately, the last three times I've gone have been disappointing.  The wait is always long, which was worth it in the past, but now does not seem reasonable.  I always get the "Benedict" style plates.  They have taken to really skimping on the sauces and have topped the dishes with hardboiled eggs (instead of properly poached eggs).  Together, the dishes are terribly dry.  Waiting an hour and paying $20+ for food should guarantee perfection.  Granted, the owners are expanding at a rapid rate, but they need to stay on top of consistency/quality, or the lines will dwindle.  Too bad because this place used to kill it!  SAD!My wife and I had a great breakfast and exceptional customer service by the servers.  The food was amazing and the ambiance was great.  This is a busy place, the line was out the door but definitely worth the wait.This place is still rockin'. I have been here at least half a dozen times since my initial review. I am always happy to come here. Lately I've been hitting up the sandwich menu and have not been disappointed. The club is big enough to feed two easily and is packed with high end turkey, ham and bacon.. The chicken salad is awesome and is served on great multi grain slice bread. The burger is killer. I may have to head back there soon! Like now!!Great for breakfast/brunch, the Brandy Milk punch is fantastic. April is friendly  and knowledgeable about the the area and history.Went around 1 pm. Timely service and the food was amazing. Their iced coffee is phenomenal and the mimosas were great. Overall great experience for such a busy place.The one star was a gift!
Didn't get to eat here and will never give it another chance.
A server's SO and baby walked in and were given the table that we had been waiting for.
We have never walked out on a restaurant, but felt we had no choice after that treatment.We had breakfast and the wait was acceptable. They have a bloody Mary that include a bacon infused alcoholic concoction (my buddies had to sample it). Portion sizes are good, overall I'll be back if I'm in the neighborhood.Welcoming service,  delicious drinks and spot on food!
Try the Cuban breakfast, more than enough to share. 
We spent 2 mornings here!Cute restaurant with a cozy atmosphere (and by cozy I mean waitresses bumping your chair and bustling people squeezing past you) but if you aren't in the aisle, it's a great place to eat. The noisy atmosphere and long wait outside in the heat/cold/rain are all part of its quaint charm. Be aware that even on a slow day you'll be waiting at least a half hour to squeeze into a seat. The food was decent: I ordered the salmon Benedict and regretted to find out the salmon is chopped, not thin slices as I like my smoked salmon to be. Also a little too salty, including the omelette my boyfriend ordered. The double mimosas, though pricey, were absolutely divine. Love the touch of pomegranate! We will definitely be back for more, just maybe with a piece of toast to tie us over before breakfast.The food was absolutely amazing. I had the fried green tomatoes sandwich, and my friend had the bananas foster and both were exceptional. It's been a few days, and I'm still thinking about the bananas foster. Wow! The service was ok though -  our waitress didn't seem too happy to be working there - or maybe she was having a bad day.Loved The Ruby Slipper for brunch. We had the fish and it was perfectly prepared. What a lovely brunchI've heard so much about the Ruby Slipper and how great it is. I am a sucker for brunch and mimosas but the Ruby Slipper didn't wow me like Surrey's or Katie's has. 
They have an option to choose two different Benedicts (The Peacemaker), and I think that's awesome for those who are trying this for the first time. I would definitely recommend doing that instead of just ordering one kind, and getting two of the same ones. When you order the Benedict, you get it on two muffins. So when you order the Peacemaker, you get one of each. It's not a smaller portion compared to the original version. I got the eggs Cochon and the chicken st Charles. I liked the eggs cochon more, as I thought the chicken and muffin combination was too dry. 
Overall, it's an okay place to brunch but it's easily not one of my favorites.There is no better breakfast in town. They have amazing monthly specials but it is difficult to pass on my favorite, the eggs cochon.  Inagine: A large buscuit turned into two Benedicts but with tangy pork instead of Canadian bacon, a side of incredible potatoes, and a special side of candied bacon that must have been prepared by God, himself.  My mouth waters every time I think about it.Hands down to this place. Heaven in my mouth!! From bloody Mary's with bacon to my Benedict. Yumm yumm yummI have to tell you that the food was so good that a stunned silence fell over the table! We couldn't believe how delicious it was! The shrimp and grits.....oh, the shrimp and grits! I never imagined they would be so wonderful! We also had the "flight" of pancakes that had me wishing I was a cow, with four stomachs to fill! No kidding! We waited for an hour or so to get a table but we would wait two if necessary. This is the very best breakfast place I have ever been to in all of my 50+ years! I live in Arizona and can't wait to go back! I already have a return trip planned in November and you can best believe The Ruby Slipper is on the agenda!I just love this place! The breakfast is always plated  nicely and it looks very delicious. It's a family orientated restaurant and is loads of fun for the family. There is a bing bag toss game out back that's fun to play. Staff is welcoming and friendly.Delicious!  My husband and I dropped by here on the morning of the Endymion parade (the Saturday before Mardi Gras day) and loved it.
I had an egg dish like Eggs Benedict but instead of Canadian Bacon it had pulled pork.  So good!  My husband had bacon, eggs etc which was very good.  Loved it and will go back for the Bananas Foster French Toast!My boyfriend and I drove by the Mid-City Ruby Slipper a few weeks ago, and upon seeing a line around the block, decided to check out the new location in the Marigny.  It wasn't as busy as the downtown or Mid-City location, so it was easy to get a seat for two.  I actually like the space much better than the original location.  The building has seating at the bar, regular tables, and a small separate area that could probably serve for private events.  The same menu you know and love from the Mid-City location is served here, and served by many of the staff who have been working at the original location for years.Great breakfast. Bloody mary is awesome. Banana foster french toast is a great new way of redoing an old dish. Don't miss this place for breakfast.This is a great place. I have an allergy to mammal so I really appreciate their vegan and vegetarian options. The chicken sausage is amazing. When I used to drink, I loved the Mimosa's. If you would like a nice brunch this is definitely a great option.Yes, it was a busy Sunday, but the wait was too much. Our server rarely checked up on us and we had to walk up to her a few times and eventually the manager to see what was going on with the food. I usually am not the one to complain about food wait time but this was ridiculous. The manager comes up to us and the first thing he says is "well it's only been 20 minutes". I don't need to hear that. He eventually brought out our food and took care of our party from them on but our original server was nowhere to be found. I'm from LA, California so maybe the people in NOLA are more patient.As long as people are foolish enough to wait 30 min-1 hour for this mediocre food and service, the less the wait will be at other superb, but underrated (by people who are fooled into believing places like the Ruby Slipper are the "top 5 breakfasts in Nola") breakfast joints in the city. Please keep coming here and freeing up space and shortening long lines at the legit breakfast spots! Thank you!AMAZING food!!!
Very cute and quaint type of place. Very homie and country style diner. 
Food was soo good! Portions were huge and everything  was under 15 dollars. 
Location is a little tricky and it's pretty far from the heart of bourbon but it's worth the walk!Great service!   Great food!  Best fried green tomatoes I have had.  Beats South Carolina!  Grits were very tasty!   Buttermilk pancakes had great buttery crust on the outside!  Don't even need syrup.   Cane syrup butter was good too!I was really happy to have a check in coupon for a drink which made me happy.  Thr food was good as we were looking for a good brunch spot and most places downtown were booked.Best breakfast yet!   Fresh, homemade hash, crispy breakfast potatoes and fluffy biscuits!   Piping hot coffee with an attentive server who was always refilling my cup!   Would recommend to anyone who is looking for a nice breakfast spot.The Ruby Slipper Cafe is a new (Spring 2008) Mid-City breakfast and brunch spot that is truly worth the drive from any place in the city.
Right off Canal, this tiny cafe cooks up simple and delicious breakfast items that are never greasy and always served with a touch of innovation such as brie in their european omelets or a dab of marshmallow cream on their pumpkin pancakes.  The Three Little Pigs omelet is to die for with its bacon, ham, and sausage.
All the coffee sold here is Fair Trade, which is totally awesome!  They also have breakfast cocktails like the mimosa and bloody mary.  (EDIT FEB 2009:  I had the Bloody Mary yesterday.... AMAZING!!!!! garnished with a pickled green bean)
Its run by husband-and-wife locals from the area.  One heads up the neighborhood association and the other renovates local homes.
Oh how I wish this was my neighborhood breakfast joint and not a drive away....Amazing food, great atmosphere in an old bank building with the cashier cage still intact.  The food was out of this world.   Brunch with a southern flair.  
We went on a Sunday and had to wait about 30 minutes for a table, there was a line out the door.  Make a reservation!   
Great location, service is tremendous, and the menu is superb!
Definitely a must go when in New Orleans!Delicious breakfast, lots of options and Bloody Mary was on point. Service was great, we had a wait on a Thursday morning, but it was not bad, and they will text you so you can wait outside.The food is excellent in both presentation and flavor! Authentic NOLA style breakfast/brunch. I had the Eggs Cochon. It was a little too much food for me, but it was delish.  My friends had the Eggs Gulf Stream and the Bennie...both wonderful. They cleaned their plates!  I tasted the bloody mary and is was perfectly seasoned.  The prices are reasonable.  Yes, get there, put your name in and be prepared to wait 30 minutes...but you can have a drink while you do. It's NOLA...bring your Bloody to the street!We had brunch here this morning and the food was awesome! I got the basic breakfast with scrambled eggs, hash, potatoes, and wheat toast. The people with me got the basic breakfast and the florentine omelet. Everyone was very happy with the food! The service was also really good. We sat outside and were well taken care of with prompt coffee refills and food delivery. Great brunch spot!I try to rectify poor experiences with the restaurant before I write a bad review. Unfortunately, the Ruby Slipper staff failed to response to the email that I sent. 
September 9th, I went to this location with friends. Everything was going well until the server spilled warm shrimp and grits all over my new jeans. She apologized profusely and brought me a dirty rag to clean myself with. Mood? Ruined. 
I had plans to go to a shower after brunch with friends and that was now out. I should also note that the manager on duty never bothered to come over to ask if I was okay and if there anything that he could do. 
When I received my bill, I noticed that I was charged for for the total amount of what I ordered $17. The waitress came over, and I explained that I didn't feel that I should have to pay given that my jeans are ruined and I have wasted show tickets because of the incident. Again, she apologized and went to get her manager. Here's where it gets interesting. He came over and I explained the entire situation to him. He proceeds to haggle which parts of the bill he was willing to comp. I felt like I was in a street bazaar vs a neighborhood cafe.  He explained that I should still pay because I had a nice time and my food was good. Yup, I had a great time sitting with my friends in jeans that had greasy brown gravy all over them. Fun times had by all. 
This exchange went on for about 5-10 minutes when I finally had enough. He ended up comping my bill, my friends paid and we left. There's no email for Ruby Slipper, so I used the contact section of their website. It's been weeks, and I still haven't heard back. This is unfortunate and I won't recommend or patronize this business until I am satisfied with what I hear from their team. 
***** UPDATE**** 10/25
I wanted to update my review, as I did hear from Ruby Slipper last week. Not only did they acknowledge that my email had been overlooked, but they apologized for my experience and provided the manager with the tools on how to work through issues like the one I experience. They also sent me a fabulous card with an invitation to come back to their cafe. Class act! Thank you, Ruby Slipper. You're a 5 star organization!I have recently been informed that the new Marigny location hand delivered invitations to the grand opening to every house in a 2 block radius.  They also sent a mailed invitation to everyone in the zip code and posted in the Marigny newsletter.
That sounds like a fair bit of outreach to me!Came here for brunch after a night of drinking, my friends and I were tired and hungover but still got there at 11:30am. We didn't have to wait long, maybe less than 30 minutes? I ordered the Eggs Cochon, it was delicious! The portion is huge. I could not finish it, but I also wasn't feeling 100%. I also ordered a Bloody Mary, which was delicious. "You can't drink all day if you don't start in the morning".This is a very popular chain for breakfast/brunch and it was easy to see why. The service and food was very good, though Pricey for breakfast, a common theme in New Orleans. We really enjoyed the eggs Benedict, cinnamon swirl pancakes and Chicken St. Charles. Worth a trip, just expect to wait during peak times and expect the price to be a little more than typical.Probably the best brunch I've had in New Orleans. If you don't mind the wait and venturing out of the French Quarter, give it a try.Brunch? And you're in the Marigny? There's no better place than the Ruby slipper. I've been here multiple times, and have yet to eat something not good. They have a changing daily special, but their standard fare is spot on. 
Today's choice was cherry cheesecake stuffed French toast. Quite spectacular. 
This place is usually quite busy, but you rarely wait long for a table. Friendly service and good food make this a must return location.When my wife and I moved to this city 7 years ago to Bayou St. John, the first place we had breakfast here was Ruby Slipper.  After the visit that I just had at our old haunt, if you want to feel like you felt that first time you went to Ruby Slipper, go to Red Dog Diner, down on Magazine.  Ruby Slipper, y'all can enjoy your new location, because I'll never step foot in it.  After waiting an hour for a table watching people sit time and time again before us, even though they showed up long after us, my family and I decided the condescending manager's response to our having to wait an additional "15-18 minutes" was not appropriate, and we left.  Never to come back.  We were there to say goodbye to a location that held memories for us very dear.  Goodbye Ruby Slipper, you've slid over the years, and we've kept going, but no more.Came based on the rave reviews..... Food was meh. Good, attentive service. Great coffee. My wife commented that the fries were the best part of her meal. She got the Croque something or another, definitely nothing noteworthy. I got the chicken St Charles. WAY overcooked chicken on a giant super dry biscuit topped with a sauce that appeared heavenly but had no taste what so ever. Candied Bacon was good. My wife and I are by no means picky, just were expecting a lot more. We ate about half and then walked down the street and picked up a chicken basket.Four of us had breakfast here this morning and we all loved it. The atmosphere was great, the coffee was strong and delicious and the breakfasts we had were excellent. I had the pancake flight and they were all so good! We will return for sure when in town.Mimosa was bland, I wound up not finishing it. 
Salmon eggs Benedict were ok, looked a bit greasier than I'd like. 
Pancakes were plain, the fresh fruit was good
Wait long. Service ok. 
Coffee, nothing special.Catfish coubion and bananas foster was delicious!!!! Super flavorful. 
The wait is long. Get on the waitlist and be there at the estimated time. They don't text you, they just call your name out. If you don't like the heat, try to sit inside with the air condition.  Otherwise, you're facing Canal st. which is super loud. The food though is finger licking good. During our vacation we had to come back for seconds just because it is that good! Only reason I didn't give it a 5 star was the wait and the service. The first time we came it was jam packed so it took a while to get our check and a second glass of water.Get the fried chicken Benedict. It is unbelievable! Hands down the best fried chicken in NOLA!I went with a large group of friends and we were all very pleased with the meals, service, and staff. The portion size was much larger than expected but a good value for the money. It was good to have fresh fruit in the pancakes that I ordered and not frozen or drowning in sugary syrup. I can see why so many people go there to get eat.I got here about 10 minutes after opening, only to find it locked up. Waited another 10 before they actually opened. There were only about 5 people eating at that time. 
If I could rate this place on the biscuits alone, they'd get a 5, but the flavors in the Benedict's I got were just okay overall. I did the combo Benedict and ordered one shrimp boogaloo and one eggs cochon. I preferred the cochon as the pork was well cooked. The shrimp boogaloo had a lot of tomato and that overpowered the shrimp a little. 
The staff here was super friendly, but I had to ask for a clean mug (mine had a huge mouthprint  of lipstick still on it). She apologized and got me new coffee. 
Overall, good, it nothing out of this world (except those biscuits).Great menu! Everyone in our party was very pleased with their meals. We also ordered the mimosas, with a splash of pomegranate juice, they were delicious.This is probably my favorite brunch spot in New Orleans. I have gotten the migas before and they are delicious but last weekend I decided to get the Eggs Cochon. OMG, where they good. The biscuit and pork were just delicious. If I ever move away from New Orleans I will miss eggs cochon! My husband got the Corned Beef Bennie and he thought it was amazingly good. The pieces of corned beef were big and tasty! And the horseradish cream...Yum! The drinks here are good too. I've had bloody mary's, mimosas, peach bellinis and they are all tasty and not stingy on the booze. Despite almost always having a wait I love this place and will happily come back!This place is great! Delicious food and friendly staff. I tried a couple of different signature benedicts each time and all were delicious! At the last visit, I tried the vanilla stuffed french toast with peach crumble on top. Y'all, it was amazing!! Do yourself a favor and give this place a try. Sometime there's a long wait but it's definitely worth it.Get the croque madame and read the sign on the wall explaining the restaurant name.  Glad they're in the neighborhood!FANTASTIC. If you're in town come here for breakfast or brunch. The drinks are incredible, the food is top notch and the service is out of this world. Jack took great care of us and made it an enjoyable meal for us. I LOVE THE RUBY SLIPPERWe visited this restaurant in New Orleans on Canal Street. The food was outstanding. Wow. The portions were huge and the priced very reasonable. We kept coming back. If you go this restaurant ask for Jamie. She was an awesome server. I highly recommend her and this restaurant.Best breakfast in NOLA! Double mimosas, biscuits to die for, excellent ambience, and even better service. Duvie was very informative and energetic! Oh, and the chicken st Charles and bananas foster were nothing short of a taste explosion! I ate so much but I'll be back soon. Highly recommended!!Three times now we've been here. One meal was just eh....the second one was pretty good, but today. Ugh. 
No. The Croque Madame on Challah sounds like a good idea, but they dip it in custard so that it's really french toast (which makes it a Monte Cristo). Which means it's soggy. The crusts were also burned. It was kind of a gross sandwich. If I have to cut away a good chunk of it as inedible, what's the point?
And the salad was equally bad. Some of the greens were rotten. There's no excuse for serving me salad that's past its prime.
You have to step up your game. There's lots of good food in this town and there's no excuse for serving soggy food and a crummy salad at 11AM on a Monday morning.Great brunch menu selection! Delicious mimosas and very friendly staff! We got the hot smoked salmon omelette, skinny migas, and the salmon bennie!I had a great breakfast there today.  Service was lovely,  good coffee,  nice atmosphere.  Will be back for sure.Yummy good sized portions! As a local New Orleanian, the authentic flavor Is the truth!Is it just me or is everyone in New Orleans incredibly nice ??? Which means the service is out of this world. Thank you The Ruby Slipper for making our breakfast one that we will remember. Not only was the food delicious but the waiter who took our order was genuinely kind and interested in his costumers.Great breakfast place.  The best Bloody Mary that I have found in this city so far, add the bacon and I don't see anyone surpassing it.  Home made pancakes, too many Eggs Benedict varieties to list here.  You just can't go wrong.  You will likely have to wait, but it IS worth it.Wonderful service and everything was wildly tasty - the breakfast dishes are really creative takes on NOLA and Southern classics - we snuck in early when there was no line so the experience was perfectCame here for brunch and I tried the French toast. They somehow managed to serve me dry French toast. There was barely any batter on it. I had their candy bacon, which was really good. We were a party of seven, and most of us were not happy with our food. Service was okay.The BEST BRUNCH I'VE EVER HAD!!! Mary was our waitress and she was awesome! She suggested a few tweaks we could make (I'm not a fan of eggs Benedict) and it turned out to be the best meal I've ever had. I will dream about this place when we go back home.Loved it!
I went by myself and everyone seemed to be thrown off by that - LOL. But they were nice. I got eggs Florentine with pork! It was amazing. And it certainly doesn't require a side - I couldn't finish it! Great flavors. Their mugs are ADORBS too.
Loved it.Very nice atmosphere and ambience! The food was very delicious and it is a very wide selection to meet all of your needs or wants!Cochon eggs benny!!!
Got the trio and it was the best! 
Good service 
Bloody Mary's had a watered down taste though.Banana foster French toast was ok. Not the best I ever had. The catfish and grits special needed salt to the grits! Food was just mediocre! Great customer though and great atmosphere!The food was above average but the service was amazing!! The guys at the bar MJ and Jacob were amazing!! So nice and so funny!! Also great bloody marry!!Had brunch here on a Saturday. It was a busy day but I took into consideration the festivals in the city. We only waited about 10 minutes to be seated. Server and waitress were very nice. I gave 4 stars instead of 5 due to the parking lot not being easy to find and no good direction when you walk in the door to be greeted. The food was amazing: 
3 Lil Pigs Omelette was cooked to perfection! 
Big Easy Mimosa was very tasty! 
Corn Beef Bennie was great alsoPig candy bacon????  it. Mimosa fan? Make sure you try their signature mixes. You won't be disappointedLoved this little breakfast spot.  We were lucky to go mid week as I fear it's busy on weekends.  There is a great selection and everything was delicious.  Only drawback was I prefer fluffy biscuits but may be that this is how they are made in NOLA.  everything was fresh, the omelettes were excellent and they'll adapt eating preferences such as egg whites, etc. I will be back when visiting and would definitely recommend it when you travel here.  Out of the touristy areas in a cute neighborhood.Was in New Orleans for a conference. While on a daily stroll, a local told me to check out this place. Should have followed my gut... I was disappointed. I had the fried chicken biscuit. I don't eat pork so I had a hard time choosing menu items that weren't covered in a pork gravy or that didn't have pork in them. I chose the fried chicken biscuit and subbed the pork gravy for hollandaise on the side. A huge square biscuit cradled a split chicken breast crowned by 2 poached eggs. I made two open faces sandwiches. Unfortunately the hollandaise sauce was bland as was the fried chicken and also the biscuit. C'mon. It's Nola. The fried chicken should have been able to stand on its own. Nope  So,I had  lot of hot sauce  and syrup. Bummer. I liked the ambiance and it seemed to be pretty popular. It just didn't fly for me.There are three Ruby Slipper locations in NOLA...hands-down, this one is the BEST!
If you're staying in the French Quarter, make the walk through the awesome neighborhood of Marigny and go here.  It's SO worth it.  This is the best breakfast NOLA has to offer.
Try the Bananas Foster Pain Perdu to experience ecstasy!This place is amazing. 5 stars for food, service, ambiance, value and cleanliness. Visit Mirinda, one of the sweetest servers ever. Strawberry banana pancakes will knock your socks off. Will definitely be back.Definitely worth the wait. The food & drinks were perfect! I had the catfish & grits (Brandy milk punch)  & my husband had the BBQ shrimp & grits (boozy iced coffee) = YUM 
We also shared an order of bananas foster pain perdu that was delicious!
Jack was awesome, great customer service, very attentive & knowledgeable.Solid brunch spot! So happy yelp did not steer me wrong! I don't eat chicken, but my friends kept crying over the chicken sausage. A bit of a wait but very much worth it.The wait for this place is bananas on most days, but well worth it. 
I haven't been to the Marigny location, but my friends and I didn't like the service at the CBD one at all. We found them to be rude and unaccomodating for simple requests (even for asking for the biscuit on the side instead of it touching the main food). Perhaps they are tired of dealing with tourists, but we weren't being demanding, so I don't know. Anyhow, instead of talking the CBD location down, I'd rather talk the Mid City one up. 
Parking in the surrounding community is easy to find and you can order a drink from the bar while you wait. Seriously, you're probably going to wait. Once you get in, the mimosas are spot on and the grits creamy. Food comes fast and my friends tell me the biscuits are light and fluffy = spot on. Favorites include the corn beef hash benedict, migas, and BBQ shrimp and grits. It's nice that they try to source local ingredients and invest in the community. I highly recommend for a delicious breakfast.The morning wait can be fairly long, but with good reason... these guys know how to do breakfast right!
Did the pick 2 bennies and a friend did 2 other options, we split them, giving us 4 different dishes to try each. 
All of them were a hit, with the exception of the corned beef. It's not that the corned beef was bad, it just lacked the zest of the other 3 (chicken being a surprising #1)
Drinks were made well, tho pricing may be high on some of the options compared to other establishments. Service was fantastic. Food was delish- perfectly cooked, correct temp & well plated.
We went back the next day. Yeah, that good.This places is amazing! Friendly faces, great atmosphere and excellent food! I love the natural lighten and trendy decor. This is our 2nd visit wait 3rd visit in 24 hours. LOL!!  The ruby slippers has many locations but, this is my favorite!Love this place... great local vibe, gourmet breakfast and amazing morning cocktails. A little off the beaten path, but worth the trip...I had The Ruby Slipper Cafe bookmarked for quite some time now before finally getting to try it on my most recent trip to New Orleans. I was glad I put our name in ahead of time using the Yelp waitlist feature, because a party of 3 people on a Friday morning had about a 30 minute wait. We pulled up and parked just as they were announcing that our table was ready.
The space is small and quaint - this particular location is an old house and we ate right by the fireplace in the "living room". The service was fast and friendly - you can tell that they wanted you to feel welcome but they also want to turn their tables over as quickly as they can without being rude. 
I ordered the "Peacemaker" which allowed me to pick any two Benedict dishes. I opted for the Chicken St. Charles and the Shrimp Bugaloo. Oh. My. Flavor. Gods. Both dishes had amazing combinations of flavor and I could have easily eaten another entire order. The biscuits were buttery and flaky; the chicken was moist and juicy; the shrimp were succulent; and the eggs were poached to perfection. The sauces they accompanied both dishes pulled the entire thing together. 
I can tell you with all honesty and sincerity, I truly believe this place is worth the wait /the hype/whatever. It's good. Period.Every time I come to New Orleans my trip isn't complete without going to the Ruby slipper. Best brunch place in all of NOLA . My go to is the St Charles which can't be beat. It's just so delicious. Also try the BBQ shrimp and grits again words can't explain how good it was. I had a berry mimosa and 2 brandy milk punches. (yum) This place is very popular so make sure you have a reservation or come early. Can't wait to go back when I'm in Nola again!This place is a must visit when you are visiting New Orleans! There are usually a huge line during the week end but I was already alone and I get a spot on the bar fast. Their dishes are very tasty and I liked the ice coffee. However, the regular hot coffee is not so great, but more like any dinner coffee place.Love this place! Food was absolutely delicious.  Wait time wasn't bad. Staff was very friendly. I highly recommended this place. I went for breakfast and everything was amazing, pancakes,  grits, catfish, mimosas.We enjoyed our meal.  We went for Sunday brunch which was probably not the best time to go because we waited an hour to be seated.  The good thing about that was the bar was open and you could get any of their signature drinks, with or without alcohol. lol.  I also liked that we could track how many guest were being seated in front of us and where we were in line.  I would suggest to anyone going to eat there go on a week day if you can and if you can't use the online checkin feature they offer. As for the food, very very good.  I haven't seen biscuits that big in a long time. Grits were good and creamy.  Pancakes were out of this world. My friend had the french toast and said it was perfect. We ate at the location on Magazine street in the garden district.We were huge fans of "Mother's" and the last 2 times we ate there it was not that good. A friend told us to go here, and we went 2 days in a row. Just amazing service, food, vibe, coffee-- it doesn't  get better. I had Banana Foster French Toast and Shrimp & Grits. Just awesome. Crowded, but worth the wait.Seriously the best breakfast ever!! The St. Charles Chicken, Eggs Cochon, and BBQ Shrimp and Grits are just too die for!!! Don't forget to try the Brandy Milk Punch! We CANNOT go to NOLA without a bunch here!!!!!  :-DLook honestly this place is just a little overrated. At least this one is less of a tourist trap than the one in the CBD. 
I ordered scrambled eggs, bacon, w/ biscuit and french toast. The scrambled eggs were pretty good. Although I could make it better at home. The biscuit was GREAT. The French toast though was kind of dry and also using standard Texas toast bread. It really would be beneficial to use French Brioche. Not that much more expensive for them to do that, believe me.Was looking to go somewhere different and non-touristy for breakfast on a Saturday morning and decided on Ruby Slipper Cafe. There was a bit of a wait at 9:30 but it went by quickly and my friend was able to get coffee for the wait while we sat outside and passed the time on a beautiful morning. As we were seated I was able to observe what others were dining on and everything looked fabulous!  I ordered a special, Eggs Cochon (a large biscuit topped with pulled pork, 2 poached eggs, hollandaise and fresh chives) and a "double" mimosa. My food was great but I would have been happier with a little more hollandaise on top, there was only about a tablespoon (if that much) of the decadent sauce sitting on top of each egg. Our server was very pleasant and prompt and there was no problem when my non-meat eating friend wanted to substitute spinach for the bacon (an abomination!) on her egg order. Overall, I was happy with everything but found 10 bucks for one mimosa served in a wine glass to be kinda steep. Oh, well, I'll know that for next time when I try the pancakes.My friend and I came here for brunch a few times on the weekends. It's a great little place with quick table turnover. Every time I've been here theres been about 5-8 names ahead but we just go grab a double mimosa and sit out front 20 mins tops until they call us in. I always get their version of eggs benny (forget the exact name of it right now) but it's always delicious and the dropped eggs are cooked properly. Once I tried the carrot cake pancake that was the special for the day and it was sooo yummyy! Even though it's super busy the waitstaff is always attentive, on top of everything, and quick to refill your mimosa if asked :) All in all it's a great little place. I've never been to the other location but im assuming it's probably the same.My boyfriend and I recently moved to the area and decided to use yelp to decide some of our meals for the weekend, and I am soooo happy that we decided on this for breakfast! As soon as we pulled up there were people waiting outside for tables (this is always a good sign since it was almost noon!) by the time we found our parking spot and put our name in I was beyond ready for some food! The wait went by quick, maybe ten minutes. The actual restaurant is very little but very cozy. I had the Irish praline coffee and the eggs black stone, this was seriously the best breakfast I have ever had (except for my moms cooking of course ;)) my boyfriend and I will definitely be coming back here and taking family and friends when they visit us!No tourists at this one! The perfect way to get the good stuff without waiting in the line at the locations in the Quarter. Good drinks, awesome specials. I had some amazing bacon praline pancakes and a custom omelette. Use this app to reserve your spot in line and you'll get seated almost instantly.Awesome ambiance and delicious food. Big drinks! Superior service. Highly recommended. Use the No wait app. Super crowded.We couldn't make up our mind on which Bennie to get - peacemaker option is there for you! The Egg Cochon and Shrimp Boogaloo did NOT disappoint.
We also licked our plate clean on the Costa Rican..
And the Bloody Mary was the best one we've had, and we even did a Bloody Mary tour of Austen, TX. It truly is award winning.standard breakfast fare. i had the shrimp and grits which was pretty good. the service is always super nice.The BBQ shrimp and grits are stellar, just stellar. Their house Bloody Mary is a delight that any fan of the cocktail will recognize as being done right.Amazing Bloody Mary. Bacon infused is the bomb. Also love the eggs black stone and the migas.Great location, terrific menu, and delicious food! The wait was long for Sunday brunch, but it's understandable why, and the staff was helpful about getting us our table ASAP (about 40 min.). Our server Veronica was especially friendly and accommodating, esp. in light of how incredibly busy it was. She was all smiles, so happy to help, and remarkably speedy and efficient with our orders and special requests. Thumbs up to Veronia, manager Justine, and the whole team! (P.S. love those biscuits!)Meh. Surrey's on Magazine or Elizabeth's (Bywater) seem to consistently have better breakfast, and service is a tad snappier too . This last Ruby Slipper visit involved a fly swimming in a coffee and very mediocre food . I swear their food used to be better .I was able to get seated almost immediately, we used the no wait app to put our names down below we left to walk over (15 mins walk). I was impressed that we were seated so quickly as it was really busy.
I think that's when I stopped being impressed, it took a lot of time for our drinks and food to come out. I had a bacon infused vodka bloody mary that was absolutely delicious but then we waited over an hour for our entrees to come out. My dish was okay but had fried plantain chips in it and they got very soggy. The corned beef hash was good but there were some pieces that were all fat / tendon and I don't think those should have been served.
The waitress did not bring out my friends side of breakfast potatoes after waiting for so long and said the kitchen had run out.Place was great. No wait. Wife got a spiced chicken Benedict that was fantastic.  Chicken was really moist and had great flavor
I got a standard southern breakfast. Scrambled eggs were cooked properly and so was the applewood bacon.  Man it was good
The syrup butter that came with mine was also outstanding.  If staying in the New Orleans area, you really need to check this place out
PS our waitress was on top on her game as wellLove the Ruby Slipper, and this location might be my new favorite!  Wait staff was wonderful and the food delish!  Have a fab breakfast and enjoy boutique shopping after to walk it off!We live in walking distance so we figured we would try it out. It was a Wednesday morning around 11:30 am when we arrived. It wasn't very busy inside but the staff acted like it was noon on a Sunday?! Maybe they were understaffed? I'm not sure but we waited about 10 minutes before our server even asked us what we would like to drink. We ended up moving outside because it was very warm inside. I ordered a cappuccino which was very good. We then ordered pancakes with sausage, a biscuit and that was also very good. By the time we had put our food order in there was a wait to be seated. The food was great, prices were great, service was okay at best. I might try this place again.The Bananas Foster Pain Perdu was amazing. I also got the milk punch and a mimosa that was mostly champagne with a dash of oj. Really long wait though for other parties but since we only had 2 in our party we got in pretty quickly.They mixed up tables and sat other people at our table and then they told us to wait another 15 mins after waiting 30.... and the wait was and I quote max 20-30. Poor customer service but then they gave us free food as an apologyI have dined here many, many times in the past and have always taken my friends here for brunch when they're in town visiting.  Unfortunately, I will no longer be dining at Ruby Slipper.  They recently started utilizing the "nowait" app.  I noted this when I visited months ago and downloaded it, but it wasn't in service for their restaurant at that time so I forgot about it.  Yesterday my friend and I arrived for breakfast at 10:30am with her having a flight out at 2:00pm - plenty of time, right?  Nope.  We put our name in and I received a text at 10:35am noting that we had been added to the list.  The hostess told us at time of check in that it would be "45 minutes, but probably much less than that" so we decided to wait.  We got our mimosas and stood outside...and waited.  And waited.  Finally we went and just sat in my car because it was so crowded outside and all of the outside seating was wet from the rain.  
At one hour of waiting, my friend went in to ask what the deal was because we had seen multiple groups both large and small arrive after us and get seated before us.  We then learned this was apparently due to them checking in on the nowait app remotely and showing up.  Ok, fine, I understand, but still - we were told 45 minutes or less.  The hostess told my friend there were four tables in front of us, so we decided to keep waiting.  I wanted to get another mimosa at this point but there were six people lined up at the bar so I decided to just wait until we were sat because there was physically no more room to even allow me to wait in line.  
After waiting for over an hour and fifteen minutes and seeing six groups go in after the hostess told us there were four groups ahead of us, I went to speak with the hostess.  At this time, I told her she had quoted us on 45 minutes wait time or less and it had now been nearly an hour and a half and my friend had a flight to catch.  She told me that no, she had told me it'd be at least a half an hour - lying to my face, and not trying to remedy the situation in any way.  Another potential customer who was looking to be sat as a two top as well came in while I was speaking to her and said he'd been waiting over an hour and a half.
I put myself through high school and college working service industry so I completely understand how wrong things can go.  I'm guessing they had staffing issues that day because people tend to call in around the holidays.  I  know they had a lot of large parties there that day due to the bowl game in town.  I also know that if we had local customers, especially two tops, who had been waiting an hour and a half for their tables, I would put them ahead of the 8 top of out of towners who would probably never come to the restaurant again.  I say this especially because there are notices plastered all over their walls noting they may not be able to seat parties larger than 6 and never parties larger than 8 - and yet they were taking away most of the smaller tables to combine them for the large parties.
My fiance has refused to eat here for months because he says the food is sub-par - bland, usually cold when it comes out, and they took the Reuben and made it into not-a-Reuben.  The food has always been pretty eh but the mimosas and service were top notch so I kept coming.  Now that I've received such poor service, I have no reason to return to eat mediocre food.  For anyone still reading at this point - we ended up going to Superior Grill where we were sat right away, they served us drinks in less than two minutes while taking our order, brought out the food including fajitas in less than ten minutes, and had us out of there in 45.  So if you're looking for a restaurant that actually cares about service, go there instead.This has been on my to eat list since we moved here and I would say its the best breakfast place thus far.  The staff especially Ashley was extremely helpful and people friendly. She enjoys interacting with the customers.  I had the stuff french toast and peach Bellini aaaamazing!The staff was innatentive, though friendly.  I ordered the CBH eggs Benedict. The menu description was much more interesting than the reality and even though the food arrived promptly, it was cold.Stopped by in on a Sunday and was disappointed by it.  We ordered the stuffed french toast and the chicken st charles and fully enjoyed it.  The mimosas are not bad either,  looking forward to visiting against out next trip.The service was exceptional! I was very impressed with food and service. My waitress was so sweet and patient. I will certainly be back. The wait was crazy, but glad I put my name on list ahead which made a difference.Tasty Bloody Mary; almost as good as mine! Girlfriend's mimosa was disappointing though. It didn't taste like fresh squeezed OJ. (Yes, we did do more than drink in New Orleans!).
Croque Madame was excellent. We also had the pork eggs Benedict and the pork was super succulent.  We went a second time and split the tex-mex scramble which was equally delicious.
Nice atmosphere and god service. Good place for brunch in the Marigny.I cannot rave enough about this place. Before moving out of state this was my neighborhood spot. The long wait is a testament to how amazing not only their food is, but the dining experience. Service is great and wait staff is super friendly. I think I have had at least one of everything on the menu and never had a bad meal.Using the no Wait app to get in line ahead of time is great. The new Broad street location has a parking lot, I love it.This was the best experience!!! Our waiter was so nice and pleasant! Great location with games and a bar to have fun while you wait!!!!! I'll definitely come back here!!!!Unforgettable!!
This location left my husband and I very happy. The service was great. Joe is the manager and, oh man, does he understand the meaning of customer service. He was just so genuine. Our server, Niece, was very honest and professional, yet friendly. We were sold. Then the food. The food was fresh and it was very apparent that it was from scratch. It was very affordable and the portions were more than enough. I can't wait to go back.Such a cute place. I've never been a fan of grits, but after this visit I realized when done right I can eat a whole bowl. Specifically, their shrimp and grits were delicious! Their biscuits are ginormous and if you like lots of butter on your bread, then ask for more of their special butter (don't even know what they called it) because you'll want to slather it on their biscuit. This is starting to sound dirty. Moving on. I ordered a cochon benedict of some sort and ugh was that so good. It was definitely large enough for me to share with one other person, but I love left overs so I wasn't mad. Would totally come back. The place fills quickly, but if you go early enough, you can beat the waitlist.Excellent breakfast, good people, we shared Eggs St. Charles with neighbors. My 3 Little Pigs, with spinach was perfect. Grits, Pineapple Stuffed Cheesecake French Toast finished a great meal.Really quite a good breakfast and brunch spot. I eat here often, usually in the context of a breakfast meeting. Their menu is unique without being pretentious or overwhelming. Every single item I've ordered has been delivered to my table on time and prepared exactly as I expected it. Service is very much in the character of a neighborhood joint--casual and maybe a bit rattled during busy times. But Johnny-on-the spot in tending to the diners' needs. 
Must try items include their European Omelette and their Eggs Blackstone. Order the grits on the side, as the texture is heavenly and complements the eggs so beautifully. Their oatmeal is a masterpiece, if one can refer to oatmeal in that way. Good coffee, essential in New Orleans, especially at breakfast.Food was good!! But this is not a place I would recommend or ever come to again. Yes sometimes a wait is expected. But if you are the type of restaurant that's lucky enough to be that one, please try to not run off your waiting clientele.
So have a bar...they do.  With one really sweet bartender. Who was really slow.  
Or have someone bringing water or appetizers to the people waiting outside.  
Or something.  I was the one who knew there were a lot of other great places to get brunch in NOLA who was with a friend that had heard the Ruby Slipper name.  Waiting an hour and a half for a table was barely acceptable.  When we were seated the table was so close to the bar, kitchen and walkway to the bar that we had to lean sideways when people were at the bar or when waitstaff came by.  
Waitress was gone for long enough that I stood up to ask bartender for more water. Fortunately I didn't have to take even a single step!!  Manager seemed to notice and assured me waitress would be right there.  She brought drinks and food and dropped off the ticket within 5 minutes.  Said just let her know if we wanted to add anything to the ticket.  
Again.  If you want to be a spot people want to go to, get yourself together.  
Have been to another location in the Quarter and found the same issues.  
This place is no Commander's Palace, although they are mighty proud of their $10 mimosas.Great mimosas and great food, always a winning combination! Come early since every location is always packed and be prepared for wonderful customer service.I was looking for a great bowl of shrimp & grits so I decided to try this cafe. The atmosphere, service, & Mimosa were far better than the shrimp & grits. My husband had their version of Eggs Benedict and he loved it.Delicious food.  Had the pacemaker and mimosas.  My favorite was the cochon.  I highly recommend it.  I also had the boogoolo which was good as well but I prefer the Cochon.The trifecta was outstanding that my wife & I shared.  We visited for the weekend and family had recommended this establishment.  We will definitely return during the next visit.  No wait for seating, breakfast was served quickly, and the facility was not loud.
Enjoyed!!!Came to this location for brunch with some friends. 3 out of 5 of us enjoyed our meals so that's a good sign. Can't remember what everyone ordered but I'll do my best lol. I had the eggs dauphine which was the special of the day. It consisted of fried green tomatoes with poached eggs and shrimp with a tomato basil sauce on top of two huge homemade biscuits. Not bad but not good, just okay. The hits of the table included the crab cakes with poached eggs which was BOMB. The cherry pancakes with vanilla glaze were also delicious and the banana foster French toast was by far my favorite. The shrimp and grits, ehh....wouldn't recommend them. They have a tomatoey base to them and are just not good. Overall I would definitely say come to this place.Best place I've ever had breakfast. What a gem of a place. Great service. Great food. The Bloody Mary was the best I've had in a long time.Amanda was so friendly and recommended her favorites which frankly were all the menu items. The place is adorable. 
I had the drum and cheesy grits - amazing. The coffee is superior.This place was so amazing!!!  For starters, our server, Sheree, gave us the best costumer service experience we have ever had in New Orleans.  She was so attentive and friendly.  And she addressed every need we had and served us our food in a very timely fashion.  The food was very good and the ambiance was perfect! This is the place to be  for breakfast the first time in NOLA!!!!Food was great!  But service was out of this world!  Jack's level of customer service was phenomenal!  I asked for a twist on an adult grilled cheese and Jack guided me to my new favorite sandwich!  
Thank you Jack!We had a real gut-buster of a meal here -- the biscuits were easily as big as our faces, and everything tasted just fine.  Neither one of us could finish our meal, which some might consider to be a good thing, but I think I'd prefer a more reasonable portion size for a slightly lower price.  My husband had the eggs cochon, which came highly recommended from other reviewers.  It was good, but not so good that he wanted to return so he could eat it again the next day.  I had some egg and biscuit thing and, again, could not imagine eating all of it.  We both ordered Irish coffees (because it's New Orleans so why NOT start your day with a buzz?) but switched to regular coffee afterward.  We are seasoned Irish coffee drinkers, and these were neither the best nor the worst we've ever had.  This was a solid breakfast, and definitely worth trying out if you're in the area looking for breakfast.Great brunch and not very expensive! I wish the portions were bigger. Service was decently fast and decently good. You could tell the waiter was there to get the job done. There was a long wait, but you can make a reservation on yelp! I enjoyed it mainly for because the taste to price ratio matched up well.A very cute restaurant but I didn't really care for the food. I had the bacon praline pancakes. Not all that... the side of grits were actually pretty good. Though it was just a little bowl, they were very creamy. Our table was in a bad spot right by the door. It was cold outside so every time someone opened the door we felt the cold air. Another thing I didn't like was that they don't let you exchange what you've ordered if you don't like it. That's terrible. I've never been to a restaurant where they didn't allow thatThe restaurant is a nice local spot. I went early Tuesday morning and it was very easy to be seated. I ordered the southern which is your traditional eggs and bacon breakfast and everything was cooked perfectly. Recommend for an affordable brunch option.A must have brunch spot when in NOLA, The ruby Slipper Cafe never fails. Eggs Cochon and the St Charles Chicken eggs benedict make appearances in my dreams rather often. Can't wait to go back!Imagine it is 2PM on a Sunday and after running errands and often times putting in time at work, you ask yourself, "Self, where can I go get some quality, preferably brunch food in MidCity?" Your answer should never be The Ruby Slipper.  We were once fooled by the good reputation and lines to get in too, but the last four times my husband and I have tried to dine at the neighborhood brunch spot, we have been turned away at least half an hour before 3 (closing time) twice, the eggs where over done in my migas, and the biscuits were sold out. . . An unfortunate evolution of what once was a great spot.loved this place. The coffee was the best I've ever had in my life. I went with friends and everything we ordered was amazing. Note of adivice though, trust the waiting time that they have on their website or on yelp as it is very accurate. I had a lot of issues signing onto the waitinglist although that may have been Yelps fault.So I went here for brunch with my girlfriend on a Friday morning . There was no wait at all , immediately seated! 
The waitress was very very down to earth helping us choose drinks and mimosas! I had the shrimp and grits ( one of their specials) and my girl had a chicken salad sandwich ! 
Both meals were great ! And the drinks we exceptional ! Highly recommend for a quickieThey have an Amazing brunch!!! When you come here you'll Have to order the Chicken St. Charles! They had Excellent Mimosas!! The Migas was good but make sure to specify how you want your eggs cooked.Service was great! Food was also wonderful. But the reason I gave this one 5 stars is because I felt the staff was happy and went out of their way to make our breakfast a really enjoyable experience. 
Try the Eggs Cochon. Amazing!The egg cochen was delicious! And we got the 2 for 1 mimosa.
Ruth, the waiter was really friendly.The food was very under seasoned and cold. I have now been to two different locations and both did not live up to the hype, I don't understand what people like about this place!!!!!!Server was wonderful. Food was great, as always. Cappuccino was surprisingly tasty. Bloody Mary left something to be desired. Hostess was shockingly rude when we asked for a booth (in an empty restaurant on a slow morning). She spent the rest of our time there openly glaring at us, and audibly telling the story of how annoying we were by asking for a booth. An otherwise great visit to one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.This place has a cool casual feel. It is very open and bright with lots of Windows. Service was quick and expedited. It was delightful. Everyone that I was with  enjoyed their dishes thoroughly. I started with a big fluffy biscuit as an appetizer and then ordered The Costa Rican dish. Everything was flavorful and delicious. Empty plates and full stomachs were all that was left.Ruby Slipper is a fantastic addition to the Mid-City restaurant scene, and a much-needed breakfast and brunch place in the neighborhood and on the streetcar route.  They make a mean cup of coffee, and the roasted potatoes are a delicious alternative to hashbrowns.  I typically go with the basic breakfast, which offers ample alternatives to shake things up--unfailingly, the eggs are fluffy and the fruit cup is a nice mixture (never just pineapple and honeydew).  The only thing I would add is to upgrade the jam selection.
Service is always attentive, sunny, and with a smile.
It does get busy on weekends, but that is a testament to the quality of establishment.
The building and space is wonderful, too.
Also, be sure to check out their special hours on holidays--I had a great time getting breakfast t 3AM after the Mid-City bonfire last year.
Ruby Slipper is the new Betsy's!Get there early- gets crowded fast, even on a weekday. A little touristy, but the food is still delicious. Worth the stop.Not totally pleased with this place at all. We used the online check-in process instead of waiting. We had no idea that there was a need to let the host know that we were there, especially since we could see the wait time decreasing on the app. The host saw us waiting, but never said anything to us. After a 1.5 hour wait, and seeing several other groups seated, eat, and leave, we finally asked what happened and we were apprised of the bogus policy. After another 45 minutes wait, we finally spoke with the manager who got us seated in another 10 minutes. Our food was cold after such a long wait. I won't be giving this business any more money, nor will I send anyone else here.Bacon Bloody Mary for breakfast.  With a side of eggs and grits and a home made biscuit...#hangoverremedies
And everything else on the menu is great, too.  No bad deals here.Beyond excellent. Today was chicken st Charles. Fresh buttermilk biscuit, topped with lightly battered fried juicy chicken breast, then with a poached egg and covered with this pork tasso cream sauce. This was a reach back slap ya momma kind of meal. The new place is also excellent. A must revisit.By far the worst experience I've had in NOLA. The manager at 2001 Burgundy, Delores, is inept, rude and couldn't manage her way out of a wet paper bag. It is Essence Festival weekend and Delores can't manage to get it right. Somehow online reservation that are made after (well after) in person reservations are put ahead on the "line". The kitchen is backed up well over 60 minutes. Delores has managed to make this experience the worst I've ever had in the 6 years I've been coming to Essence. If you want to be disrespected and wait for more than 2 hours and then be told another 45 minutes ( along with the 8 other parties waiting over 2 hours) come to The Ruby Slipper and ask for Delores! The wait staff is fantastic! Top rate and friendly. The food was delicious, maybe it was because we were famished....it was extra specially delicious! Order everything.This location has a nice comfortable rustic Nola vibe to it. I love their different menu variations of food and drinks for everyone. If you are there to have intense conversation, be prepared to yell at each other across the room or whisper sweet nothings closely into your friend's ear. :P
I had the shrimp and grits. The biscuit was so fresh and fluffy. The flavor and presentation of the shrimp and grits itself was just okay. I have had better interpretations of this dish at other places. I would definitely come back to explore their menu.Best place ever to eat in Nola! Get the trio! It isn't on the menu so make sure you ask for it. Everything there is delicious don't forgot to try to candy bacon! Out of this world goodFriendly staff and delicious food! I will definitely return to this place when I visit NOLA again. The  eggs benedict were the best I've had. My boyfriend ordered a build your own egg omelette, the eggs were so fluffy and light. All of it was full of flavor! 
We were lucky to have been routed to the Burgundy location, it was noon and there was no wait!Would have got more stars, just the wait I wasn't fond of. If only there was more seating outside to accomidate the waiting customers. Forgot all that I ordered but the best thing was the banana foster french toast. YUMMY.I had the banana foster pain perdu , I don't why I ordered it because I hate bananas lol but I wanted to taste the pain perdu. I used to eat that when I was a kid. Anyways I did like the bananas of course but the rest was really good and my "loulou"/bf had some egg and sausage or grits meal and he loved it. The ambiance is really nice too. We even talked with the manager and he's really niceI love the setting of the place. The food was alright it needs a lil more flavor! Its definitely a cool place to eat with friends while touring N.O.  If u want a better experience for Breakfast & other Food I Recommend Russels Marina Grill!This was a solid place for a weekend brunch, but wasn't our favorite in the city, and was maybe a tiny bit of disappointment based on the hype I had heard from others. I had the shrimp and grits and it was very good, but my husband was disappointed with his breakfast.Food, service, atmosphere all 5 stars.  Bloody Mary's are excellent!  Omelettes are fantastic! Four of us ate there and everything was absolutely amazing!  The place for brunch!Personally this is my favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans. That's saying a lot in a city that it's hard to find bad food in!Be prepared to wait or add your name to the wait list while your getting ready. The food was good. I got the gulf plate and it was delicious! The Bloody Mary is also good with the baconStoped in for breakfast last week, first time at this location.  My 3 little pigs omelet was amazing, filled with lots of delicious ham bacon and sausage,  and the grits where perfect. I love that they have sourdough toast! The ice coffee was very disappointing though.  They had two servers on the floor, which is fine because the restaurant is small. When it came tome for payment though our server was on the slow side. Better ice coffee and quicker service would have easily made this a four star experience.Delicious!! The Peacemaker was EVERYTHING!!! I had the Eggs Cochon and the Chicken St. Charles. The Eggs Cochon was the star of the plate. Also tried the buttermilk pancake, grits, eggs, and the Flight of pancakes off the plates of my sisters. Everything was fantastic!! Best breakfast I've had in a long while!!Crowded on a Sunday morning. 20ish minute wait. I got the basic breakfast... and it was really just that. Nothing to it. Nothing special. My roommate got the BBQ shrimp and grits... wasn't too happy about it either. Probably won't be going back.Breakfast started out delicious celebrating a day in New Orleans with family. I was excited to take them  to this restaurant as it is one of our favs! Be careful walking in an out! My poor mother tripped coming out and hurt herself...she dislocated her finger and scraped herself up pretty bad. Poor thing had to get herself together and just greeted the crowd waiting to get in sprawled out on the ground! The staff was getting her ice in a cup and a plastic bag. (Maybe a good idea to get a first aid kit or at least a ziplock full of ice until we could get her to help.) Thank you to the lady waiting in line that graciously realigned her finger! Thank you to all the patrons that actually cared and stopped to help! Don't get me wrong the food is superb but when something happens like it did today maybe take a name to see if she actually is okay and change the step to a ramp please!Q and Tee were wonderful!  They helped me secure a table for 10 so I could celebrate my birthday. Everyone was over the moon with their meals and brunch cocktails. We will definitely be back. Thank you for a great birthday and fabulous brunch!We had a good breakfast here! I had the Shrimp and Grits and they were not very good at all. My bestie had the Peacemaker with two different egg Benedict's and her food was awesome! I had a side of pig candy which was EXCELLENT! My husband had a standard breakfast plate and it was ok! Overall a nice place! We had no wait. Next time I will go for the benedict's! Nothing else is really worth it!During our 5 day trip to New Orleans, we came here 3 mornings in a row for brunch because it was that good.
This seems to be a pretty popular spot, so there was a wait one of the days, but they let you grab an iced coffee or a drink to help you pass the time.
The interior is very spacious with both booth and table seating and atmosphere is very inviting. The staff here is very nice and attentive.
There was 13 of us coming here for 3 days so collectively we have tried just about everything they have for breakfast.
You can't really go wrong with anything on the menu here so just get whatever sounds good to you and enjoy.
My favorite was the Southern Breakfast, just cause it had everything i love, grits, eggs, bacon, biscuits and fried green tomatoes.
It goes without saying their iced coffee is phenomenal as is most iced coffee in New Orleans.
Will be back when I'm back in NOLAThe food was very good. We both ordered the BL2T, BLT with a fried green tomato and a regular tomato. I had it before at a different Ruby Slipper in Mid-City. This one was different. The green tomato was on one side and the regular tomato was on the other. The other Ruby Slipper had both tomatos on each side. It made for a better sandwich. 
The service was slow. There were three waitresses with 6 tables of people. The order still took 20 minutes to come out. It was a little disappointing for a quick lunch.
Overall the food was good, but the service needed a push.OMG this place gave me  life, the peace offering breakfast was love at first bite.  Service was excellent.  To avoid the line you must go uptown  on magazine.BBQ shrimp and grits!
Recommend yelp reservations, easy in and out. Friendly staff, this is a nice neighborhood location.Went Friday morning (9/2) at approx. 10:15AM and were seated immediately.  I ordered Migas and they were excellent and my friend had the Eggs Blackwell and he thoroughly enjoyed his too.  I also had a bloody mary which was ok.  So we go back Sat. morning 9/3 about 10:30AM and again were seated almost immediately.  I ordered the Eggs Blackwell and they arrived quite bland and cold.  Also had another Bloody Mary.   My friend had the Eggs Cochon and he didn't like his much either but the service was great.   So we decide to return Monday/Labor Day for our final meal in New Orleans.   We arrived (3 of us) at 12:30 and were told it would be approx. 30 - 35 minutes.  We were not seated for almost an hour even though a group of 4 who I held the door for upon arrival were seated in 30 minutes and my friend had us on the list before them.   The restaurant was clearing out as we were seated and by the time our order was taken, approx. 1/2 of the tables were empty.  So we ordered and waited.  And waited, and waited.  After about a 35 minute wait, and the place almost empty, we still had no food even though we were told several times our order would be out soon.  So needless to say, after almost 2 hours and starving we all were a tad irate so we got up and left having only coffee at this place.  And the group of 4 who arrived after us, had already, eaten, paid and long gone by the time we left.   So, on the drive home I got an egg biscuit from McDonalds.  I will never eat at this place again even though I was a regular up until Monday.  Consistency is definitely lacking from this place.  There was no management around and Thank You Ruby Slipper for making a wonderful time in New Orleans end on such a sour note.My most recommended breakfast place for visitors to New Orleans. Multiple locations (and I've been to them all) but this is my favorite. Expect a wait for brunch, but grab a drink from the bar to tide you over until you eat. Go hungry! Thanks Ruby Slipper for keeping you menu fresh by mixing up the specials!!As out of towners, we enjoyed the uniquely southern fare. The pulled pork was tender and had great flavor. I would recommend this brunch spot, but the sides were a little expensive.Great food- some of the best breakfast food we had during our visit in New Orleans.  World-class biscuits! Friendly service. Good grapefruit juice.  Be prepared to wait, especially on a weekend.Went for brunch with a large group. Didn't accept reservations-- though we didn't mind the wait, we couldn't sit together. $10 for a mimosa that really isn't anything special is just ridiculous.  Ordered a chicken sandwich with fries-- mediocre sandwich and cold fries that were on par with something from Wendy's. I would rather spend the money at Coquette next door and get something great for just a little more money. Our waitress, while attentive, seemed a little sassy (and not in a good way).Mimosas are on the alcohol heavier side, but it's New Orleans, can you blame them? Having the seasonal buttermilk pancakes, came with bacon. Perfect! Parking is hard to get, you have to park on the street and wonder if you'll get a ticket, but there's no wait. Sat at the bar or at a table quickly, welcomed to friendly staff! It gets super busy around 11. However, I bought my first mimosa during happy hour so I should have got my second one free. I was charged $10 per mimosa! Anyway, I Shall return.$60 for awful food. My mom got some of the benedicts. The yolk was cooked over hard, the biscuit was dry and she never received the potatoes or water refill she asked for. We were one of 8 tables seated so they werent even busy. I got the smoked salmon omelette which turned out to be sauteed salmon and way too much of it at that. Not a snoked salmon dish at all. My pancake was also severely undercooked. How do you screw up a pancake? One star for the good Bloody Mary.This has to be my favorite breakfast and lunch spot. I visit here at least once a week. I usually prepare myself for a good wait during weekends and peak times, usually an hour. But, they have a no wait app now! I can sign in and it will tell me where I am in line. I live about a mile away and can wait till I get close to my time and head there. I usually grab a Bloody Mary while I wait for my table. I always take note of daily specials. I love their pancakes and opt for one when they have something new on the board. My absolute favorite dish is the eggs blackstone. It's one of many delicious Benedict style dishes on the menu. Open faced biscuit with bacon, grilled tomato and egg with hollandaise sauce. Usually served on a bed of spinach, which I love to include on every bite! I am not a huge fan of the house made corned beef hash. It's not that it's bad, it's just not what I would prefer. I'm sure others will love it. I just wasn't familiar with theirs when I ordered it.Great spot. Pleasantly surprised by the great digs. Friendly staff and great food. The food was prompt and delicious. Plenty of parking, outdoor area for nice days and love the design, layout and decor.Not here for the hype or maybe this was just an overall bad first experience. The one thing I did love is that they are on the No Wait app so we got on the waitlist (in line) while we were getting ready and by the time we got to the restaurant we checked in with the host and our table was ready in about 5 mins. 
Upon walking in, the hostess desk is right there and first impression she is not very welcoming (facial expressions) but she wasnt rude. I checked in with her and shortly after she seated us.
The server came over right after we were seated to take our drink orders. Once she brought our drinks she took our food order.
I ordered the Costa Rican which sounded really good on the menu but I was highly disappointed with it. The description could be a little better but it was also very bland. Everyone's else food varied as well. All the biscuits were rock hard, one ordered over hard eggs and they were clearly not, the grits in the shrimp & grits were gritty, watery, and bland. 
The line was long and all the other locations had long waits so something must be good here but none of us ordered it I guess.It's a cute little place, I came on a random weekday, mid-morning, and had a brief wait. The short stack of banana pecan pancakes was good, wish they'd had an even shorter stack because pancakes are heavy. They were seriously banana-filled, which I liked. It was also nice that even a smaller entree like that came with a side, in my case a couple of pieces of bacon. the bacon was almost crispy enough, which isn't usually the case when I eat out. I got a Bellini, which was well prepared, and consisted of a very full wine glass, pretty pricy for what it is, but it was tasty and strong. I also got an iced coffee, and I asked for just enough ice to make it cold because I don't like watery coffee, and it was some of the best iced coffee I've ever had. They brought it in a tiny cup, which they explained isn't their norm, but it was strong, cold enough, not too watery, not too milky (there was cream in the table I could have added if I'd wanted to), and the coffee was good quality and strong. The service was good, friendly, and quick, and they didn't rush people out. There's plenty of parking around.It's not a good idea to show up here at noon on a Sunday. Our wait was nearly an hour, but my wife really wanted to eat here so we suffered in the heat outside waiting. They did have water pitchers inside or you could order drinks from the bar while you waited. Once we were finally seated, I thought the service was pretty good.
The place is a bit small so everything seems a bit cramped which explains the long wait. Most of the prices range from $10-$13 per plate. I ordered the Costan Rican Breakfast. I've been to Costa Rica twice and it's been a while so I wanted to try their take on it and I was not disappointed. It's rice and beans, salsa, two eggs, and an optional chorizo sausage. I was glad I went with the chorizo. It also came with sliced avocado and crispy plantains on the side. Everything tasted great and I was especially impressed with the plantains. I usually don't really like plantains but these were great. My wife ordered their special: bacon pecan pancakes with praline sauce and a side of fruit. She loved it. I got a bite and it was delicious, but I was happy with my choice. Their coffee was also pretty good. I was impressed when the server asked me if I would like a to go cup for my coffee. 
This is a good place for breakfast or brunch but just be prepared for a long wait especially if you go on the weekend.This place is ridiculous. Waited 30 minutes for a table, then over an hour for 1 omelette and 1 salad. Spent more than 2 hours to have breakfast. Seriously?? What a waste of time!5/5: food, customer service, atmosphere, location as it was short walk from weekend rental house. 
First time dining at this location. 
Will I return? Yes of coursePerhaps it's because I went in at 1 p.m., but I wasn't super pleased. My biscuit was hard and my bacon Bloody Mary didn't have a slice of bacon in it. 
Still giving it four stars because my server was perfect and everything other than the hard biscuit was great. I prefer the Canal location, but I plan to give this spot another try.The Ruby Slipper Cafe reflects the hospitality of New Orleans with good food and excellent service without being pretentious.  We arrived on a Friday morning on May 19th and found nearby parking on the street.  We were seated at a booth and the cafe was very busy.  Our server Mikael was friendly and attentive.  We started off with a mimosa ($10) and a coke ($2.50) which was refilled several times.  We had an excellent corn beef hash benedict ($13) which consisted of corned beef hash served over a buttermilk biscuit, topped with two poached eggs, horseradish cream, finished with hollandaise sauce.  Our other meal was a special stack of pancakes ($11).  Though the Ruby Slipper is a chain of several cafes in the area, it feels very earthy.  It may be located nearby the French Quarter, a touristy area, the cafe is very welcoming.  Certainly will return.This is for the Marigny location. 
Food was good but *watch your bill*. Very disappointing was the waitress. My 10 year old son ordered the cinnamon pancake and pointed to it on the kids menu as he ordered it, and he also ordered chocolate milk. When we got our bill she charged us for an adult sized pancake meal plus add on bacon (which came with the kids meal), and $4 for a chocolate milk when the children's chocolate milk was supposed to be a $1.50.
Overall she charged us $10 more than she should have.  When I asked her about it she said " Usually you have to say children's".  I pointed out to her that not only did he order it himself but he was pointing to the children's menu when he ordered.  She was totally in the wrong but never once aplolgized and instead made me try to feel like I was some bitchy customer. I was even super nice about it. She revised the bill, but made me wait forever to get back the revised copy. 
It left a bad taste in out mouth about this place. On a positive note, the hostess, a young lady with dreads (I think they had some blue tint to them) was very nice and smiling and welcoming. If not for her I would have given 2 stars. 
The food was decent. It's pretty indulgent so plan to get in a good walk afterward!So after many years of missed opportunities I finally ended up having brunch at the original Rugby Slipper location.  I'm not a big breakfast food person but I do love some veal grillades which they didn't have those so skipping to the lunch items...  The "Gulf Fish St. Peter" (drum on the last visit) was done well while the grit cake was really large and the spinach was nice but I really would've liked it served with a biscuit or toast of some sort.  I was also left looking for a steak and eggs which I didn't see...  The Reuben sandwich is a nice option along with a selection of a few other sandwiches and the shrimp omelette can peak my palette. 
Overall it's a decent brunch and lunch spot with some good drinks and fairly priced beer.  The Sunday brunch line moved faster than the brunch wait at Katie's but I find I prefer the food at Katie's more.  For a causal brunch spot that can get you seated within a reasonable time this is a good choice.Typical breakfast food. The pancakes were very large but good. The pork eggs benedict was very tasty.I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. Maybe I got the wrong food? Maybe something wasn't good that day? Who knows. Either way, I was pretty disappointed.
I got the classic omelette with provolone ($7) and added bacon ($1.50). I got the side of grits and a biscuit plus a mimosa for $5. The mimosa was GREAT! There was pulp in it and everything. The omelette was pretty sad and greasy. The grits were good and the biscuit was mediocre. 
I'm going to give it one more try and order the turkey club. If that isn't good either, I think it'll be my last visit :/Went to Ruby Slipper this morning and had a great experience. Much of it was due to Justine who was absolutely beautiful. The food was amazing, the staff was great and the service impeccable. Would highly recommend!Nice app for waitlist that lets you track how many people are in front of you in-line. Breakfast food is great. Try the different types of eggs benedict. Service was slow, but place was busy.A great place to have breakfast/brunch! I HIGHLY recommend the St. Charles Chicken! 
With going to this location I didn't know it wasn't going to be very accessible. Now don't get me wrong, they had a ramp so I was able to get in with no problem. The tables were placed very close together so it was hard to move around, but I made it work. I felt that the hostess knew were to place us and waited until that spot was available to use.Came to the Ruby Slipper during a long weekend in New Orleans.
We went closer to breakfast than brunch, so we had no wait at all. 
Food was great, the BBQ Shrimp and Grits are a MUST!!!
Our service was not great. I would definitely recommend as a solid place for breakfast/brunch. I think our server was just a dud.I wish I could give this place no stars. Let's start from the beginning. We came in with a group of 8. The wait to be able to sit together was about 45 minutes so they told us we could sit faster if we split up. So, whatever. We were hungry. We split up our group and sat at two different tables. The hostess was able to get us two tables that were diagonal from each other. Both tables order within minutes of each other. We'll get back to that. The food- My friend and I both ordered the migas. AWFUL. The eggs were runny, the chips were soggy, the chorizo and onions were non existent, and the pico was plain tomato. My friend hated it too but she just dealt with it and forced it down. I would rather just order something else that I enjoy eating. So trying not to be rude, I tell the manager that it just wasn't settling and I would like to order something else. They then proceed to box up this awful dish and bring the checks out before I even get my replacement meal. I had no intention of taking it with me. My check had both meals on there. So I very nicely ask the manager if it would be possible to remove the migas since I didn't eat them and I simply didn't like it. She then proceeds to grill me about whether it just wasn't settling well or if there was something wrong. Basically telling me that I'm a liar. I explain to her that I was just trying not to be rude but that I did not like it, nor did I eat more than a single bite. She then tells me with her nasty attitude that she needs specifics about what was wrong with it. I tell her that eggs were runny and the chips were soggy. So she says "so it's just personal preference?! We don't usually take that stuff off but I guess I'll do it" I told her not to even worry about it. I'd just pay it but she grabs the check and walks away with it. She did end up taking it off eventually. Then, to add to all of this, our other table's food took 40 minutes to come out. My table finished eating and paid before they even got their food. The managers response to them was "I know it seems like you've been waiting a long time but it's only been 25 minutes". No apology. Nothing. She later admitted that it was actually longer than 25 minutes. Then their order came out wrong and they ended up having to send it back. Some of the food, once corrected, was actually quite good but the manager seriously needs some hospitality training. She was beyond rude. She did end up eventually handling the issues by comping a few dollars from bills but not before being completely disrespectful and downright nasty. Sometimes, an apology and a good attitude goes a long way. If she had nicely told me that it wasn't their practice to comp meals then I would've just paid it. And if she had apologized to my friends for their wait and told them she'd look into it, it would've made the situation a whole lot better. Just a horrible experience all around. Definitely won't be returning.I was excited to go in here as there is always a wait, I assumed it must be good. To my surprise, it wasn't. I ordered the corned beef Bennie and it was cold and there was a shell in my meal. So that was great. Not a great experience and I don't recommend. Tons more breakfast places, with better food in the area!When we walked in one waitress told us to sit anywhere then the manager stopped us and brought us to a table.  Little confusion at the door.  
Went for lunch and had the special salad which was fresh and huge.  
The sweet tea was good too, not that many places in New Orleans offer it.  
The service was slower than I would like but there was a table ready and the manager asked us how things were.  Not sure our waitress was that interested in if we were happy or not.
We shared the fried green tomatoes which had a pretty coarse breading which was surprisingly good.  My lunch buddy got the patty melt and said it was delicious.
This town needs more breakfast joints and we plan on heading there for breakfast to check it out.
It's a bit off the beaten path and in a cute renovated corner store.  If they give it a bit more effort I think they'll get their act together and be a lot more memorable.
UPDATE:  We had a delicious (huge) breakfast and had great service except for the waitress with dark hair tried to bring us the wrong table's food and then forgot several things when she brought out the food.  Slightly annoying.  She wasn't our waitress, just bringing out food- helping? I guess.  She may be in the wrong business since twice we've been and had issues with her.  Other than that I'd tack on another half star if I could.This is a great place for breakfast. In the garden district of New Orleans. Biscuits are delicious. Mimosas are served in a large wine glass. Clean, friendly staff. Highly recommend. 5 starsFriends who used to live in New Orleans recommended The Ruby Slipper Cafe for brunch, and I'm glad we listened!
The food is great, the environment is comfortable, but the best part was the staff - they were kind, funny, quick, and super helpful.
I had some of the best iced coffee on our trip here.
The food was great - and we enjoyed an assortment of benedicts, the skinny migas, basic breakfast, and a la cart ordering (fruit, grits, and biscuit) and it was all very enjoyable.
It is hard to find good biscuits in Maine, so I always order them when I'm in places that have them. The biscuit at The Ruby Slipper was the best I had in New Orleans - big and flaky and flavorful.  Also, if you eat pork, do yourself a favor and get the pig candied bacon.Worst biscuits I've ever tried.
If you'd like to try hardass biscuits, circa pre-civil war style, this is the place for you! I guarantee Andrew Jackson probably didn't even give these to the slaves, much like freedom. The fried green tomato was a red tomato in disguise. Goddamn, lying confederates! And the breakfast potatoes were presented undercooked, unseasoned and tasting like sadness. Not coming here again.I have to say that this is my favorite location of all The Ruby Slipper Cafes. It's not located in tourist central like some of the others so we were seated right away with no wait. All of the food we ordered was delicious and the waitress was super friendly and helpful. We got the Chicken St. Charles Benedict, 3 Little Pigs Omelet, Corned Beef Bennie, and Bam Bam Biscuit. I will definitely be returning next time I'm in the area.I'm not a food snob but I know what I like. I'm a huge fan of Ruby Slipper in Mid City and consider myself a regular. This is my absolute favorite breakfast joint in the city and my out of town guests always enjoy it. 
This morning my sister and I arrived much earlier than we normally do and were surprised by not having to wait 35 minutes for breakfast (a general rule of thumb, if you arrive anytime after 9 you're going to have to wait a bit for a table but the food makes it worth it. So grab a Ruby Slipper Mimosa or a bloody mary, sit down and shut up. Some things are just worth waiting for!) 
We were seated right away and greeted almost immediately. My sister's absolute favorite is the Crabcake Breakfast which is an unbelievable lump crab meat cake with very little "filler". This thing is almost all crab! Served with eggs your way your choice of bread (go for the biscuit!) and she chose stone ground grits for her side (debateably, the best grits in the city). 
I had the BL2T which is a great choice for those who love fried green tomatoes (ME!). Two large fried green tomatoes (did I mention that fried green tomatoes make my skirt fly up? They do. Okay. I won't mention it again. Sorry.) then topped with two thick slices of roasted creole tomatoes with arugula and a poached egg. On top of this beautiful stack of deliciousness is a creole hollandaise of sorts. 
I'm not sure if it's even legal to have "dessert" with breakfast but this morning we did. The pancake special was cinnamon roll pancakes we did one (great deal at $3.50!) and it was perfectly cooked. Even though it smelled VERY cinnamon-ey (yeah, it's word) the flavor wasn't overwhelming. The sauce was a light icing glaze that made the syrup it was served with a waste (we didn't use it, we didn't need it) YUM! In my experience with RS, this is the first time I have seen these particular pancakes as a special and they should be on the menu! 
Two coffees, two breakfast entrees, one pancake and two to-go coffees later our bill was under $40. How can you beat that? (Answer: You can't!) 
Moral of the story: grab a hungry friend and go grub!Needed breakfast for our flight back home to Maryland and found The Ruby Slipper.  I had the 3 little pigs omelet and had to try their pig candy bacon which was out of this world.  The wait staff (ours was Jack)  was also spectacular!!  Wish our bellies could hold more because there was so much more to try.we only came for breakfast, rode our bikes and found it easily. The space is small for the size of the building, but they make good use of the space and can accommodate larger groups.
Had the pancakes and lost bread, both were good and filling. The lemonade was a good blend of sweet and tart. My pancakes first came out burnt and they quickly made me a new yummy batch. Kid friendly.First meal in NOLA, brunch!  My friend took us here right away.  I enjoyed the atmosphere; service was just what I would expect.  I ordered the southern breakfast, and found the biscuit to be my favorite part!  It was perfectly layered with flaky, buttery goodness.  My friends' double chocolate pancakes looked epic, I have to say.  Next time!  All in all, 5 from me.This place is a must go in NOLA! The friendly people and deliciously unique food make this place unforgettable. It's in a historically beautiful part of the city and the inside has a southern comfort feel. My husband and I decided to try two of the specials; banana cream stuffed French toast and bacon pecan pancakes. Both were so fresh and flavorful but the banana cream is more like a desert. Their bacon is also so fresh, thick, and tasty. Don't have to think twice about coming back here to try their savory options next time!The texmex was delicious. The wait was about 30 mins to sit and another 30 to 45 to actually receive order. Service was slow and they don't allow take out. I had to get up and find serve in order to get tan and pay.There's always a long wait at the one in the business district, so we opted for this location. I really wanted to give this place 5 stars. They actually deserve a 5 star rating, but they have a serious fly problem. The flies would have made it impossible to enjoy the food, but the food was sooooo amazing that we overlooked it. The only other downfall was the biscuits. They looked light and fluffy, but when bit into, they were kind of hard and dry and didn't offer much flavor. The molasses butter also didn't add to the flavor. However, everyone enjoyed the rest of their food. I ordered the bacon pecan pancakes and tried the shrimp and grits. Both meals were like a taste of Heaven in your mouth and the portions were HUGE! Everything was cooked to perfection and brought out hot. The praline sauce for the pancakes took them to the next level! I ordered the peach Bellini mimosa. It wasn't the perfect balance because there was more champagne than there was purée, but that's not a bad thing if that's what you like. I was still able to enjoy it. I didn't try the omelette, but my brother said he enjoyed it. My parents had the pancakes and the shrimp and grits as well. They shared the same opinions as we did. I would definitely return and highly recommend this restaurant.Great place everything my group had was delicious. I had the banana pecan pancakes comes with a side of bacon. Awesome $10 what a bargain. Our waitress, Sandy, was the best!!! Will definitely return!!!!Eh. So, my group of friends and I hear me a lot about Ruby Slipper, but it was not all that great in my opinion (and theirs). We put our name down on the waitlist and arrived two minutes after the check in, yet the table still wasn't ready. We waited an additional ten minutes for our table. 
We already knew what we wanted. I got the catfish and grits. The catfish came in a few strips and was a tiny portion. The shrimp and grits was soupy. The french toast was enough for two people but had too much sugar. However, I loved the biscuits (that honey butter was yum!) but the rest of my group said they were pretty dry. Overall, pretty average dining experience, and I'm not likely to go back if I'm in town again.This was recommended to us by a friend as a great place for breakfast. After waiting probably 45 minutes for our food (which came out barely warm), it wasn't much better than IHOP. Had to flag the waitress down every time we wanted a refill on drinks as well. On a positive note, the coffee was pretty good.Our family eats here every time we visit the city and family.  The wife loves the mimosas and I enjoy the coffee.  We use the online app to avoid having to wait in line b/c you know it is going to be busy.  We always eat breakfast no matter what when we visit.Omg..! Although the cafe was super busy.. but there's a reason for it..!!! The food is amazing..! I had their signature St. Charles chicken.. it was heaven in every bite..!! The service was fast. This place is a must try if you are in town..!Awesome spot. Went here twice for Shrimp N Grits. I am from Atlanta and I liked their biscuits so much more than Flying Biscuit. That was a damn good biscuit and I'm not a biscuit fan mostly. Coffee was good. Service was fast. I felt like I got plenty for what I paid. Got seated. In and out and back to conference within 20 minutes. Perfect.We waited almost 40 mins for our food to come out either cold or undercooked (with many empty tables). Disoriented service. Mediocre food. Avoid.We came here before the Saint Patrick's for brunch and our experience was great. The food and drinks were delicious! I would highly recommend the Bloody Mary with bacon infused vodka, it was one of the best bloodies I have ever had.This place was pretty good!  We filled our bellies on the Monday of St. Pats. The mint green pancakes were a good thematic idea, and fairly tasty. The florentine omelette was well composed with fresh ingredients. Overall a little over priced and somewhat stark/hokey decor, but a decent breakfast choice. They are very generous with their biscuit sandwich egg helping, and the biscuits themselves are fluffy and delectable.Went to the Ruby Slipper Cafe this morning for breakfast following the Susan Komen Run. Delicious! 
Three of us met for breakfast at the Ruby Slipper - we celebrated the Komen Run with the RS's $3.00 mimosas. 
Breakfast was excellent as was the service. We all had the griods and grits which came with a biscuit, Perfect portion size and the biscuit was the best I've had in NOLA. 
We had to wait about 30 minutes for a table but the weather was perfect and we were able to snag a seat outside and enjoy the mimosas. 
Go early or expect to wait...Jackie was our server and couldn't have been nicer or more efficient. When you introduce yourself as coffee coffee coffee and she tops each cup off with perfect timing with outstanding java how can you go wrong. But that's only part of it. The food was equal to the service and atmosphere. I had the best grits I have ever had in public and the banana pancakes were decadent. If you are in NOLA you must go here more than once! Well done.Order the Benedict special. Chicken St Charles, Eggs Cochon, and a shrimp Benedict. The Chicken St Charles was the star- perfect fried chicken. Crispy, moist, and wonderful. All three were great though, but when I come back it'll be for that fried chicken.A new find for us. We're regular visitors to NOLA and heard about this place from our daughter. The Benedict s are great and the service superb.
Long waits, even during the week. We used the waitlist feature on Yelp for the first time and only had to wait two minutes. It was nice jumping past the wait!! Highly suggested!This is my favorite place to take out-of-town guests for brunch when the finally wake up - but they close at 2pm, so it works better for some weekends than others. 
Have never been disappointed here. Plenty of food, everything tasty.  Waitstaff has character (friendly but real).  I always love shrimp and grits, and am occasionally able to be tempted by one of their fabulous daily specials.  The eggs blackstone are still on my to-taste list but they always look delicious.This restaurant has the most incompetent hostess and manager ive ever experience at a restaurant. We saved our spot on line where the hostess told us 20 mins. Over an hour later, after being passed over about about a dozen times we finally got seated. To make things worse when our party confronted the hostess and the manager they answered with a attitude that was completely rude and uncalled for. Not to mention the hostess denied everything that he had told us earlier, and when we finally did get seated by the MANAGER (who is supposed to be the most polite and cordial person in the whole restaurant) he sat us in the rudest and most disrespectful way. 
The food and waitress were great but your better off going to a different location.After trying to decide on the perfect brunch spot for our first morning in NOLA, my husband read the statement, "you can't drink all day if you don't start in the morning" and said that he liked their style and we decided to hit up The Ruby Slipper Cafe.  We frickin' loved this place.  
We shared the Corned Beef Bennie and the Eggs Cochon and each had a double mimosa.  The portions were huge!  Those were the biggest biscuits I think I've ever seen and oh so tasty.  I had only a vague idea of what "cochon" or "pork debris" really was, but was pleasantly surprised to find out it's basically akin to what we Texicans know as "carnitas."  Both entrees were good (pretty much Eggs Benedict on a delicious giant biscuit instead of an English muffin--one with "pork debris" and the other corned beef hash), but I think I liked the Eggs Cochon just a little more than the CBH.  That mimosa was also undeniably the best I've ever had.  Ruby Slipper apparently puts a splash of pomegranate juice in them and it really sets off the flavor.  They were also still very sparkly ("flat" mimosas just aren't as fun, you know?) and I had a solid buzz halfway through breakfast.  As a side note, this restaurant is also located in a cool old bank building that allegedly got robbed by Bonnie & Clyde back in the day.  I am so glad we went here.One of the best breakfasts I have had! We had a little bit of everything pancakes, chorizo omelet, grits, biscuits with gravy and it was all perfect! The gravy epically was wonderful full of flavor...just get it! This place is kind of hidden in a neighborhood but still packed which I can understand why. This is a newer location for them so does not really have the old school New Orleans fill but don't worry the food will make up for it. We sat at the bar and the girls were great chatted with them the whole time and they made some great mimosas. If you are a breakfast person put this place on your list!!Amazing food. Amazing service. The shrimp Benedict and fried chicken Benedicts are not to be missed. Also the Bloody Mary is fantastic. The service is great. Definitely a must when in New Orleans.Foods good but using Yelp waitlist is no used well.   Additional wait and not seated when Yelp indicates no parties ahead in line.  Very frustrating.had a very nice breakfast here in the marigny.  grits were excellent, and they have great takes on regular eggs benedictThe food here is very good. They have a large variety of Benedict's. The French toast is great. The coffee is dark and rich. But, even better than the food is the service. Jack was particularly nice, helpful with the menu, made sure the coffee was always refreshed and even provided drinks "for the road".Good food. It's best to sign in for a table online on the weekends. Saves a lot of time. Their drinks are decent, a bit pricy for what you get.A Nieghborhood Gem.  Fresh seasoning and giving back to the community make this one of the great joys to come to in New Orleans!Great place to head for breakfast! We have been meaning to go to a Rubys for the longest time and we finally got to stop by this morning and had a great experience! First of all the service was great! The waiter was very kind and the food was very fast! The food was great and I would definitely suggest it!My fiancée and I chose to eat brunch at a cute spot in Midcity. There was a small wait but it moved very quickly. I enjoyed the king cake cocktail while we waited, great way to start the day. 
When we were seated, we were quickly waited on by our excellent waitress Kelsey. She took our drink order and let us know of the specials, which sounded great. 
I ordered the special, two poached eggs over fried chicken with chorizo gravy. This was on a giant biscuit, which all I can say is wow. Order anything with a biscuit. 
My fiancée ordered the eggs cochon. Two poached eggs over pulled pork, also on a biscuit. 
My meal was excellent. Chicken was delicious and the gravy accompanied it perfectly. And again, the biscuit. So so good. 
My fiancée received the wrong order but our waitress brought out the right meal before she could report it. 
Mid meal, my fiancée decided she wanted to trade half her meal with mine. I was hesitant at first because I really enjoyed mine. But, the eggs cochon was just as good, if not better. 
We ordered a bacon bloody mary as well, also highly recommended. 
Overall, this was my favorite meal while in New Orleans. Amazing service, awesome drinks, phenomenonal food. I would absolutely come back to this location.This is my all time favorite breakfast/brunch joint in New Orleans. I haven't had anything from here that I didn't absolutely love. They always have specials and new items to offer, as well as drink specials! I love the mid city location because it's cozy and not as overwhelming as the others can be. If you haven't been here yet, I recommend making breakfast plans ASAP! Try the french toast, it's to die for!!!I love the Ruby Slipper and it's always a must-go for us when visiting. However, our last experience was pretty bad. We placed a to go order and had a bacon infused Bloody Mary which was freaking amazing.
It took almost an hour for our food to come out which is ridiculous. Then we had an entire entree missing. I'm glad I checked the bag before we walked out. The mistake was fixed and on the house, but still annoying.
We ate some fries while waiting (because we were very hungry) but the fries had sugar and cinnamon on them, not a normal thing according to the bartender. We got our last meal and left. I had the corned beef Bennie which was sloppy and underwhelming. My husband had a Rueben which was "the greasiest thing he had ever eaten".  
I was told they had three new people in the kitchen and they were slammed. I can give them the leniency but if you want to keep up your rep of being the best, this is not going to work.Good for breakfast in NewOrleans 
Many choices and a drink menu that says it's ok to start early! Not for the calorie conscious with lots of amazing pancakes and French toast! The egg Benedict have local flare as well.The atmosphere is super chill and old times, the chicken St Charles was delicious, and the pomegranate mimosa is a great house specialty. My usual brunch spot is Cafe Fleur de Lis but I think I'll be alternating a lot more now because there are a lot more menu items I want to try! The history of the store is on the wall in custom chalk art that is very New Orleans! Don't miss that...The food at this place was so good as was the service. We had the Bam Bam Biscuit (candied bacon is the bomb) and a Corned Beef Bennie (they make their own corned beef and it was amazing). All the drinks we had were good and the server was tolerant of us old drunks sitting and drinking at his table since we couldn't check into our hotel just yet. Can't remember his name, but he was younger and wore glasses, and I just want to throw him a shout out for being cool. Seriously delicious place. Check it out.great staff, good drinks, nice menu ideas for breakfast and well made.  portions were not so large that you felt over stuffed.I walked 23 mins to get to this place and it was well worth it. The food was so good that I stuffed myself.This place is very easy-going and friendly (it would not be out of place in Portland's Hawthorne district).
Distinctive southern menu with gourmet touches. I had Eggs Cochon: perfectly poached eggs over mild pulled-pork on homemade biscuits. Herself had Bam-Bam Biscuits with delicious fried green-tomatoes. The decaf coffee is really, really good, not a compromise.
It's in a residential district, so it was not too crowded on a Friday afternoon. We used NoWait to start our countdown during our transit, and we had maybe 15 on the lovely bench outside before we seated in the back room.logo is apt because their bennies tasted like an egg on a shoe. dry chicken, waited 30 min for our food. will never go back.Our first time here and it was a very different NOLA vibe than the older, classic restaurants I've been to. I think I just liked the casual feeling of a hearty breakfast in a lunch-style, take-out feeling breakfast spot. Very bright, cool booth seats. Our waiter was very cool. He was friendly, professional and attentive. I'll try it again next trip.I I have tried this place twice,forgetting how bad it was the first time. The salmon (whatever it's called) is DISGUSTING!! It tastes like catfood,it's very dry and weird. on the plus side,you get a whole lot of it the biscuits are pretty good. Everything else we had were okay, not horribke,but not nearly as good as we expected based on reviews. The orange juice tastes like Sunny Delight,which is very very disappointing. Skip this place and go to Dennys kr anywhere elseI never post anything, but it was that BAD. DON'T GO! I've been to the Ruby Slipper three times now, and I won't ever go back!!! Nothing special the first couple of times either. My Dad was in town for Thanksgiving, and he wanted to get brunch. I thought we would try it again, because everybody raves about it. I made a reservation through the app. When we arrived, we only had to wait a couple minutes which was great. It took 37 minutes to get our food. I initially ordered the Crouque Madame, but they were out of ham at 11:00am. How are you out of ham if you're a brunch place? My Dad ordered a $13 shrimp omelette. It was overcooked and had barely anything it. I ended up getting a $11 turkey Reuben, which was a huge mistake. It was sooooo dry. When I asked the waitress for thousand Island dressing, she didn't seem to know what I was talking about, and said they didn't have any. A Reuben with no thousand Island dressing? I told her it was very dry and asked if she could bring me something to add to it. It was seriously terrible. She had who I assume was the Manager bring me extra coleslaw and a side of mayo. They charged me $.50 for mayo, which I didn't even use because you don't put that on a Ruben. The only thing that was edible was the biscuit. Save your time and money and go somewhere else. They weren't even friendly. So basically they get 1* for a biscuit, and because I can't give a zero! I'm disappointed in myself for not speaking with the Manager, but my Dad was visiting and I didn't want to make a big deal about it. In hindsight, I should have sent the sandwich back and asked for it to be taken off the bill.Great service. Very pleasant atmosphere. And, most importantly, excellent food. I ordered the eggs cochon and a side of cheese grits. Probably one of my top five breakfast dishes in the last five years. Order it and you won't regret it!Phenomenal breakfast, difficult to pick what to have because it all looks wonderful.  The Shrimp Boogaloo Benedict is delish. Bloody Mary's with bacon.  The staff is very friendly and ready to make recommendationsThis was the first brunch I'd ever been to in the city and I was really excited about it - sadly, it was pretty average. There are much better places to grab a fabulous breakfast. Maybe I ordered the wrong things or just tried it on a bad day? It was bustling, the atmosphere was great and service was quick. Just doesn't hold a candle to Tout de Suite in Algiers Point.really delicious cochon dulait! perfectly done eggs and with juicy meat.Cool place. Never saw such a big red slipper  on a wall before. Best smoked salmon on a biscuit. Just wish I was hungry enough to finish it. It was huge ! Worth another visit !Really great. Liked it the first time and second time I trellised how amazing it really is. Worth the wait.Outstanding cafe'. We went there for breakfast before the saints game and had coffee and omelets. The food was outstanding, the service was very friendly , the atmosphere was wonderful, and the manager was even walking around asking how everything was going. Just really enjoyed the whole experience. Will definitely be back.Casual all-day breakfast joint.
I can't speak to the entire menu but my "Shrimp Boogaloo Benedict" was like nothing I've ever had.  Superb. 
'Gulf shrimp sautéed with pork tasso, served over fried green tomatoes & a buttermilk biscuit, topped with poached eggs, finished with a creole tomato courtbouillon sauce'
They have a number of other 'Signature Benedicts" that I look forward to trying. 
Bloody Mary done right. 
Torn between 4-5 stars. My little girl nudged me to a five.This is close to the top of my all time brunch places.  They make a great bloody mary and the irish coffee is good as well.  Their food was very unique but everyone thoroughly enjoyed their breakfast.  I got the eggs cochon, they were different than I thought they would be meanwhile were better than expected.  I regret not getting the southern fried chicken after tasting my friends.  Overall it may have been the best meal I had this trip down there.   I would give it a 4 1/2 if allowed.Food was awesome! Bloody Mary was great too. Loved the homey feel of the place. Servers were friendly & helpful.I was a little nervous trying this new location after seeing some questionable reviews, but everything we had was absolutely perfect. I got the Bananas Foster french toast, while others I was with tried the croque madame (huge and delicious) and some of the benedicts. We all really enjoyed our meals and drinks. I would definitely take advantage of the way they link with Yelp to get in line before you get there. It was so easy and efficient.Awesome food, service, and atmosphere!!!
Bloody Mary with infused Vodka with bacon.  The biggest biscuit with cane syrup butter - flashbacks of my Grandmother's breakfasts. Great great place!!!So it was a group decision to give this place 3 stars. Though the food was pretty. Service sucked. The wait time was as expected. The waitress came off very rude when we all started to order water she cut us off to ask who was getting something outside of water. We were all taken aback but proceeded to order our drinks and food. 
We only received 4 waters for a table of 6. Then the actual drinks took another 10 minutes to come. I got my pot of tea before my cousin's cocktail and way before the ginger ale my other cousin order (that took 40 minutes to arrive). Our food took 45minutes to come and we ate it all with in 15 minutes of receiving it. 
As for the food the trifecta was really good. And if your not a big eater like myself it's even better to share. The roast beef was on the salty side. But that has been my experience with 98% of the food in NoLa. 
If you can sign up on no wait or here on yelp before you actually go there. You're wait time starts when you arrive at the location and not when you sign up with the yelp app.Pancakes are amazing! Love the sweet fluffy pancakes and crispy bacon. And if your wanting a Bloody Mary this is your spot! I've had the best and this is in the top 3 in New Orleans! We tried the eggs Benedict and they did not disappoint... terrific!  All the food looked amazing! Loved that the menu stuck to what they did best. 
Great place to bring company! This will be our go to breakfast brunch spot from now on!Nothing could be finer than brunch in Marigny with a jumbo punch and their unique bennies.  The croque madame was surprisingly less cheesy than usual, but delightful.  Big Fan!Great food, fantastic food selection, great biscuits, friendly staff.  It was so hard to chose what to eat I could come back and eat here every day. The  place is so cute and a lot of parking available.It's good, but I have to be honest and say the hype was a lot greater than the final result. 
Be prepared to wait. That's OK, because you can walk up to their small bar and order yourself a cocktail or coffee to keep you entertained while you wait. The staff and service here was very nice and attentive, which is great considering how busy they were. 
The best part of our breakfast was hands down the grits. I like grits, when they are done right. Grits shouldn't be watery, they should have some body to them. These totally were the right consistency. The biscuit was good too, a little dense but good. I enjoyed the migas, but I have had better, and it was kind of disappointing that they don't have the option to upgrade to real maple syrup. We ate our pancakes without any syrup, because that corn syrup imitation stuff doesn't fly with us. I am fine with paying a little more for the real deal, just give us that option please.This has been the best experience we have had in New Orleans!! Theresa and Barry were amazing wait staff, and those Bloody Mary's though!!! Delicious food, great atmosphere--we would risk missing our plane to enjoy this over and over!! Thank you!!! We will be back and have already told family and friends to start planning a trip!!!Always busy, and parking can be a bit of a challenge, especially with meter maids and boots in the area, but the food is always good, and service very personable and efficient. Lots of local color, lots of regularsWent for brunch on a Saturday and it was a mixed crowd. it's close enough to the quarter to attract the adventurous tourist, a lot of marigny baby strollers, and of course the bywater crowd. 
the migas was formidable. coffee was okay. checked in on yelp and got a buy 1 get 1 mimosa. I'll go back for the eggs benedict.My mimosa was delicious and every food item we ordered was the perfect temperature, delivered in a timely fashion, & very tasty. Our waitress was smiling and attentive the entire time. Love the overall atmosphere of this spot. It's just... happy. =]Variety and delicious breakfast and great early drink specials!  A must if you're in nola. But try to get to the broad street location. Less wait and cleaner than the canal street and magazine locations!  That tip is free!!!Had a late breakfast on Tuesday 22 August (long lines on weekend). Lives up to its following. My wife and I had iced coffees, Corned Beef Bennie, a side of pig candy bacon, and a Shrimp Boogaloo Benedict. Great tasting food all around. Well-prepared and presented. Eliza provided primo service.A local recommended this place, and it didn't disappoint!  It was walking distance from the place we were renting while we were on vacation, and the food was delicious!  I must admit, it was the only place I returned to during my 7-day stay in NOLA, and I could go again, and again.   Wish I had a charming neighborhood restaurant like this within walking distance of my home!  The service was fast and friendly, and the menu was full of so many crazy options my mouth is watering just thinking about it!Spacious restaurant with good service. We enjoyed the Salmon Benedict, a very generous serving. However, the side orders of grits and fruit were very skimpy. We will try this restaurant again.Great service and amazing food. A must stop while in NOLA. Make sure to download the no wait app to reserve your place in line.Very touristy but great food. The Costa Rican is one of my favorites. Always get the pig candy bacon, when they do it right and it's crispy it's AMAZING. The Bloody Mary is just ok, the morning margarita is good and strong though. Even if you get a basic breakfast dish it's still good and the service is spot on. You can even wait in line on your phone because the wait get so long sometimes.The best breakfast spot in the area!  Best Bloody Mary with dilly beans & great, strong coffee. Service is excellent.  Food selection varied & wonderful.  Migas is phenomenal & the fried green tomatoes are highly recommended!A lot of good choices for breakfast fare. It was hard to decide, but luckily, my friends are into sharing!
Everything was really good: the food, the ambiance, the service!  As long as you are prepared to wait (which was 30-40 minutes after 1pm on a Sunday), you can't go wrong at the Ruby Slipper.Although it is a local chain it feels like a standalone place. With plenty of character at this particular location conveniently located away from the hustle of the downtown area. The six of us were seated a large corner booth that made the occasion even better.
Every single dish was spectacular. Starting with the very generous servings of lattes and a great looking hit chocolate and cappuccino. My cousin went with the flight of pancakes which included one with an amazing caramelized crust and bits of bacon perfection inside. Don't remember the details of other orders on our table but they were all dished very attractively. Like a much higher end place but with the generous portions you want for a late breakfast.
I normally avoid having two eggs Benedictine as a bit too much of the same. However they offer a "Peacemaker" option to pair up any two of their variations. I went for a combination of the cochon and the shrimp. The latter offering a tomato based sauce as an alternative to the traditional hollandaise. This pairing turned out to be perfection! I'd order it again and again. 
Don't let the fact that this is a multi-location outfit keep you away by thinking it's just a glorified Waffle House. It is not. There is a very good reason NOLA needs several of these. This is a city treasure. An institution of breakfast perfection among very stiff competition from other more pretentious places that end up overpromising and underwhelming.
The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because service was a bit impersonal, although very efficient and timely given the big crowd they had on new year's morning.
Yet another reason to love this place? It was open on New Year's morning when most other independent restaurants were closed. Kudos for allowing early risers to start the year with a proper feast!I have now been to this restaurant two days in a row. It is delicious! Using the waitlist function through Yelp is very helpful. The Trifecta covers all the bases you could want in eggs Benedict, and some you didn't know you were missing. Sweet breakfast or savory it's all good. The service was prompt and friendly. 100% would recommend. I wish I could bring this place back home.I LOVED The Ruby Slipper! The atmosphere was great, so we're the drinks and food. 
I was just short walk from where we're staying and gave plenty of options for everyone in our party of 7. Be patient, the service is a little slow but good food takes time, so sit back enjoy a strong morning cocktail and enjoy life.. NOLA isn't in any rush to do anything else but enjoying life.Our experience was just OK. Turkey on croissant was ok, nothing special. Goat cheese was heaped in the middle of sandwich, not spread well. My wife had migas, which was just ok as well. Avocado was brown, eggs were ok.Loved it got in quick food great.  Eggs blackstone really awesome. Service excellent. Outdoor sign could be bigger.Delicious breakfast in the Marigny!!  Worth the walk from the French Quartet!  Excellent breakfast choices and the staff is friendly and helpful. Especially nice chat with the manager Roland.The food is so good. I had the pancake flight and chicken sausage. I will say the waiting area should be bigger to suite their crowd, but the food speaks for itself. Use No Wait App.Delicious breakfast with a lot of super yummy choices to pick from. The apple pie pancakes were SO scrumptious I didn't even need syrup. Well worth it.This breakfast place was charming! I loved the interior, the old floors and old fireplace. The service was quick and polite and the manager was really helpful with my dog. I had thought there was outdoor seating because of tables on the sidewalk, but they do not serve outside. I had to leave my poor pup tied up outside, but the manager and I checked on him regularly and he was fine. The food was worth it, too. I had an omelet with breakfast potatoes (cooked in olive oil) and coffee and it was amazing. My friend had shrimp and grits, which also looked delicious, but beware lactos the grits have butter in them. I had to give up my biscuit due to butter contamination as well, but my friend was happy to eat it for me!Brunched here on a beautiful Sunday and didn't wait long for a table. I had the shrimp & grits and thought it was great! Good service as well. I would definitely return again. :)Awesome breakfast! I ordered the Eggs Blackstone, it tasted great! It's their take on Eggs Benedict. Toasted buttermilk biscuit halves topped with grilled tomato slices, applewood smoked bacon a poached egg on each half and hollandaise sauce! Really hit the spot! My wife had the buttermilk pancake short stack and could hardly put a dent in them. These pancakes were so light and fluffy (and big!). Great flavor
Super friendly staff too!This place came recommended by a Yelp elite reviewer.
I went to the Magazine St. location. 
The 'Gulf Fish St. Peter' was phenomenal.Simply the best! You can't go wrong with ANYTHING on the menu! The new place has parking now and it hasn't lost its touch! I ALWAYS make sure I stop here when I visit New Orleans......IT'S A MUST!The hostess sat us down and gave us menus and water.  We literally sat for 20 mins waiting for a waiter to get our order.  I tried several times to get a worker's attention but they literally acted like I was invisible.  There were several people who came in after us who got menus and water and got served.Amazing! The food is incredible. I had the Banana Foster French Toast with a Raspberry Mimosa.First breakfast in the Big Easy was excellent. We chose this spot due to its close location to our rental and for its large space. Other reviews looked good but had limited seating. As we didn't have much dinner the night before I didn't want to fool around with waiting or not getting in. Good service, good wait time, excellent food. I got the corned beef bennie and you could tell it was homemade. DH got southern breakfast which he really liked. Son got a HUGE BLT on brioche bread with fried green tomatoes (first time- they were good). Great experience. As my husband said, no complaints at all. Evidently this is one of a small chain but it did not feel like a chain restaurant at all. Very cute, a little on the noisy side due to huge room and very high open ceiling.Wonderful good and fast service.  I had the Southern Breakfast and thoroughly enjoyed. Biscuit was light and fluffy, grits were smooth and flavorful and eggs were cooked perfectly. Enjoyed so much that I went two days in a row!Service here was great. Cute boy waited on us. I had the Bloody Mary and it was delicious. Tho not as good as the last time I had it. Maybe it didn't have enough spice. Humm. I ordered the Costa Rican with poached eggs...I gobbled it up. Actually finished the plate even after filling up on the French toast. Which was also yummy yummy. My sister had the hockey st Charles. I took a bite... not enough. I'll have to order it the next time.Excellent good and very nice staff. They have multiple locations but this one is very new but had corn hole outside and a nice patio. Boozy brunch drinks and very chill atmosphere. Only down side is the long wait to get a table. :(Good and solid brunch. The Benedicts are all very different, but tasty. The homemade biscuits are fluffy and great with King's butter. The stuffed French toast was delicious. Also, try their freshly squeezed Florida orange juice.The Bloody Mary was great. It was crowded but service was fast and efficient. I had the shrimp eggs and it was so tastyMy friend and I went to Mardi Gras and came to Ruby Slipper twice during our stay! I wasn't very fond of Benedict's but Ruby Slipper made me a believer. Their trio plate with the fried chicken, pulled pork, and shrimp Benedict's were phenomenal and their mimosa deal is incomparable. I also was super happy that they had a spacious parking lot for their customers. It made our troop over there a lot easier because we didn't have to worry about street parking. I would highly recommend going here during your stay in NOLA.We were visiting town and tried for Sunday jazz brunch at Commander's Palace, but were turned away because we were wearing shorts. Oops. Found the newly opened Ruby Slipper in Uptown. The pain perdu was so so delicious! I'm still thinking about it a month later... The restaurant is spacious and comfortable and the sevice was great.The is probably my favorite place to have breakfast when visiting NEW ORLEANS.  lathe menu is very unique from your standard breakfast items. He had Spanish Omelet, breakfast potatoes with homemade biscuits with bourbon butter. yum yumService was attentive and quick.  
We ordered the Migas & Brioche french toast.  Can't go wrong with either.
Would definitely return, especially for the cocktails.Lots of options for the whole family here. I love the endless Benedict options. The service was fast and friendly and the food was great! I had the bbq shrimp and grits and my boyfriend had the fish of the day. Both were definitely a must try. They have locations all over New Orleans and have a full bar. This is a great place to get some great brunch to cure your New Orleans hangover.Instant classic for breakfast and brunch right outside the French Quarter. Parking not too bad in the morning and great spot for a business breakfast.The hostess was nice. We were seated pretty fast considering how busy they were  (we used they're online seating wait option which is handy). The food was good but kinda bland for my taste. There was just little special about it. The signature drinks are awesome esp the Brandy Milk Punch. The waitress was helpful and knowledgeable but was either having a bad day which is understandable or not much of a ppl person. She was kind of short with us I felt. Idk. I'll come here again and give it another shot but I would try something different.Delicious Latte
SITREP
Short & Sweet:  I had a 9am Cajun Cooking Class around the corner at the Langrois Culinary Institute this particular Saturday morning.  But I was an hour early, and I wanted to kill some time.
THE SETUP
This was a pure "Yelp App" moment since I inputed "Coffee" in the search field and Ruby Slipper Cafe was the closest establishment that popped up.  So I head on over.
LE MENU
It's a beautiful cafe and served full on brunch this morning, so my attendance here was pretty understated compared to all the families that were showing up.  I mentioned to the young serve that I only wanted a Latte since I was going to a class in about 30 minus or so.  She smiled and led me away.
There was a sweet small table next to the far wall that the young lady took me too, and that was a bit away from the rest of the throng.  I even felt comfortable enough to take out my laptop (but, *dam*, no WiFi - however I had my wireless cellular card, so all was good).  I ordered my latte.
ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!
I wasn't in any rush for any food or any other items or distractions.  So I was able to fully enjoy my Latte for just being a Latte.  It was absolutely delicious and hit the spot.
It was a reasonable $3.50, but I just left her a whole $5 anyways.
THE LOWDOWN
A delightful spot for a quick cup of elegant coffee.I have only been there once, but it was awesome.  Four of us ate there, and everyone's food was excellent.   The breakfast cocktails looked delicious as well.  It was reasonably priced, and the floor plan was really spread out.  I will go back for sure.Yes, yes, and yes! This place is so gooooood! The portions are huge! The sauces are heaven. I would highly suggest this place if you want a big, rich, and creative breakfast. Great stuff on that menu!Ok the potatoes were crispy, the eggs were fluffy, and the biscuit was the BOMB!  Really it's just all about the biscuit to me .. it was served with this honey maple butter.  It was so good it was all I could do not to stick my finger in it and lick out the rest.The food is amazing. The fried chicken omg! Get the trifecta. Great value inexpensive.This cafe came highly recommended by friends. We waited 45 minutes to be seated, plus another 45 minutes for food. My sister, was served the wrong order and the grits were cold. Only consolation was the manager promptly removed the items from the bill. Good customer service, but definitely over hyped.Busy for a Sunday brunch as you'd expect, but we were seated within 30 minutes so the service is pretty good. 
We ordered a Bloody Mary and milk punch. Bloody Mary was meh but the milk punch was delicious. For food, I decided with the St. Charles chicken biscuit. The pork Tasso cream sauce is an A+. I think the chicken could have been a little crispier but overall, pretty dang good breakfast Benedict. We also ordered the shrimp boogaloo Benedict which is served over a biscuit and fried green tomato. It was topped with a creole tomato courtbouillon sauce- which in my opinion was a little too "tomatoey". I would have preferred hollandaise instead but that's just me being picky. The shrimp were cooked perfectly however the eggs may have been a touch over-poached. I almost forgot that we ordered a side of bacon too. Overall this is a really cool place with a good atmosphere and a lot of unique menu options. Don't forget to ask about their specials. It's nice to have another brunch place in the hood!If it weren't for our server Jack, this would be an even lower review... bartender wanted to be anywhere but there. Food was average. I'd skip if you're on vaca NOLA.We came to the ruby slipper and were told that there was a 30 minute wait. We really wanted to eat here, so we decided to wait. 
Instead of waiting inside we decided to walk around and went to smoothie king across the street because it was hot out. Once we got our smoothies we were texted to come back to Ruby Slipper as our wait was over. 
Once inside the host told us we had to chug our smoothies which WE JUST BOUGHT. I had to haggle for 5 minutes just to get them to put it in the fridge even though the only reason we got smoothies was because we wanted to wait for the place. 
The manager would not budge.Wow oh wow! The bananas foster French toast was ridiculously good! Everything we had there was yummy but that French toast could be a dessert, treat yourself to something excellent, you won't regret it!A pretty and stylish local place. Service was great. No internet so lucky I can tether.
Food was not bad. AS expected for the setting. Generous portions. Eggs somewhat overdone, but perhaps others like their omelettes hard. I prefer mine on the light n fluffy side.(for got to post this review - We visited in December 2012) On a tip from the innkeeper John at Marigny Manor House Bed and Breakfast we were luck to find this place. The fried green tomatoes are to die for and the hubby loved the green eggs and hams. The bread pudding is a wonderful treat! This is the grand opening weekend so lots of fun things and great food!Awesome brunch place. Candied bacon! Eggs Blackstone was awesome. Cinnamon Swirl pancakes were excellent.Terrible meal. Had crawfish migas as the daily special. Crawfish were mealie, eggs undercooked, and the whole dish left an aftertaste like I threw up in my mouth. The kids ordered cinnamon roll pancakes but they were loaded with raisins (no description of raisins in the meal) and topped with a terrible tasting cream cheese sauce. Food took too long to come so we just sent it back and left. 
Waitress later told us the crawfish is frozen and generally mushy. So if she knew that, why didn't she advise against ordering. 
Terrible experience. Blech.This place is bright and cheery.  The menu is great!! Our waiter acted annoyed when I asked if I could use the yelp offer listed for BOGO mimosas.  "You have to each buy a meal" he said in a rude tone.  I get that maybe people try and get over on places-but that's not our style and we were planning on ordering two brunch entrees at minimum.  I don't appreciate being talked down to because I want to use a coupon that a company puts out there!  He eventually chilled out and seemed ok.  That being said-the food was amazing.  We each got the deal breaker Benedict so we could each try each others! The candied bacon was "ok".  Not enough for an order.  The mimosas were huge.  They didn't shy away from the champagne-which I like! We were on vacation.  So not locals.  But I would come back if I were in town again!!Bring back the yogurt!!!!! I may start a petition. Who's with me? Apparently no one since they took it off the menu. 
Once upon a time they served this amazing greek yogurt with house made granola, fresh fruit, and drizzled with honey. It was the stuff my dreams were made of. 
And now they don't have it. I thought I would cry when I saw it was gone. Had an omelette instead. Meh.
The rest of the food is fine. Nothing special. Just regular breakfast fare. Coffee is a little weak. Service is nice. The restaurant has an inordinate number of flies buzzing about. I am told it is from the nearby horses. 
Honestly, I probably won't go back. I have been 5 times, and without the yogurt, there are other places I would rather go. But it isn't a bad experience.This place is adorable. Sitting at the bar. Great service and wonderful drinks. A perfect stop!Wonderful service and fantastically delicious food - get the piecemakers eggs Benedict sampler was amazing - you get choices.OH YUM-O!!!! I love the Ruby Slipper - so cozy & yummy!!! Just such a nice neighborhood breakfast & lunch place!! I had the European Omlet - oh man my mouth is just watering from the memory - & another time I had the Chicken Salad Sandwhich - again YUM-O!!!! their fresh orange juice is quenching too & love their coffee!! If there is a wait - you can always walk across the street to the cute neighborhood garden where there are herbs & flowers & veges being grown . . . such a nice relaxing stroll right before you sit & relax & have a nice breakfast . . . & who knows - you may even see a local celebrity!! (I did!!) (Harry Connick Sr . . . if it were Jr  . .  well, nevermind . . .)
Anyways the food is yummy - the staff are fun & it is just a greast atmosphere!! very pleasant & enjoyable!! & can I say it agai n??? YUM-O!! (oh yea - get one of their scones too ..mmmm!!!!) drooling!!!!Our first day in New Orleans this time. Our daughter suggested we go here for brunch. There were five of us, including her boyfriend Andrew.
The decor is somewhat diner'ish. I think I remember there was counter seating but don't recall for sure. We were seated at a table right away. I tell you, in Chicago at brunch, there are waits just about everywhere. It was nice being able to take a table immediately.
Their menu is different. Everything looked so good. I ended up getting The Costa Rican. This was an egg dish with Gallo pinto (slow-cooked black beans & rice) over a warm tomato salsa, spicy chorizo, crispy plantains & avocado. It was very filling and quite good.
Their coffee was a little on the weak side but that is a matter of preference. Overall, it was a good experience and I'm glad we went.On a suggestion from my sistern who saod this was a must stop brunch spot, we arrived to the Ruby Slipper. Tinisha was our server & made the experience everything it was. She welcomed us, made sure we understood the menu & offered suggestions. My friends got the bloody mary & said it was the best so far in New Orleans. I had the Ruby Sunrise, very good also. We each had a littme something different to eat. We stuck to savory, even though the sweet options looked fantastic. The catfish was by far our favorite.  We tried 3 different Benedict's shrimp, cornbeef & fried chicken. Yummmmm but very large portions.Fun, yummy, laid back... We went as a family with our 2 teens for brunch on the recommendation of someone we met at our hotel. I had the Croque Madame brunch with a side of strawberries instead of a side salad. Their house-baked Challah bread with warm ham and cheese inside and a fried egg on top in bechamel sauce. I had to ask what the sauce was. I am not cultured in the ways of NOLA-French food.  I was happy that a large juice here was indeed a LARGE juice.  My kids enjoyed their strawberry pancakes, which were a special that day. There are not a ton of substitutions here - what you see is what you get. But if you like what you see, you'll LOVE what you taste!Just went here last weekend while in town visiting my family for the holidays. I had wanted to go for some time, and it didn't disappoint! We went around 9am on a Sunday morning and even for a group of 5, there was no wait time. We were brought right to our table & had excellent service from our waiter throughout (he was super personable, too!). I ordered the Eggs Cochon, which was perfect. I think the housemade biscuit made the dish; all the other dishes at the table looked great, too. Awesome spot for brunch, and I'd definitely reccomend checking this location out.This is such a great spot!  I was in town for a fitness conference and we stopped in for brunch!
The restaurant has a bar and a great menu!  They put a nice Cajun spin on some of your breakfast favorites.  I got the Eggs Benedict Trio which was one of the specials for the day.  It had a traditional Eggs Benedict, a Pork Benedict, and a Shrimp Benedict.  It was fabulous!
I took off a star because the greeting and service was somewhat slow for just 4 people at a table and it was not a busy time of day.  Regardless, I recommend you try this spot!!  I will definitely return when I'm in town.We stopped here on a busy Saturday and decided to wait the 20-30 minutes because the menu looked really good. We grabbed a couple drinks at the bar. Bloody Mary- really delicious and award winning. Ruby Slipper Mimosa- a typical Mimosa with a pomegranate twist. They have a nifty texting system for waiting so you can wait outside and enjoy a drink. They got us seated before our half an hour was up and we were immediately greeted by a waitress. I ordered an Iced Irish Coffee- now that was really delicious and refreshing! 
The small restaurant was crowded the whole time but we never felt like we were waiting forever. We waited about half an hour for our food but they apologized multiple times and it was obvious they were backed up so who were we to complain?
On to the food- here is what we ordered: 
Bam Bam Biscuit- I ordered this one and I know it was GOOD because two weeks later, I'm still thinking about how good it was. It was a breakfast sandwich with a good twist. I got a side of home fries and those were cooked really well. 
The Louisianan Omelette- omelette with cheese and shrimp. My sister said it was really good. She also got home fries. 
Croque Madame- basically a ham and cheese sandwich with eggs on top. My fiancée really enjoyed this. He got it with fries and they were the perfect string cut fries you're looking for after a night of drinking (or is that just me?) 
Overall, a really good experience! I would recommend this place to anyone and would say don't let the crowds or long wait deter you!Great biscuit!  Fairly quick service and generous portions! 
Will definitely be back!So impressed with the food. We all got the Chicken St. Charles and it just blew me away! So tasty and seasoned just right!!  The French toast bites were great also! You could just tell everything was made with quality and care. Iced coffee was a bit expensive, especially since there were no free refills. Our waitress was a little crazy too and everyone was a bit thrown off by her...still give the place 5 stars.Justine, the restaurant manager is amazing! She's both friendly and accommodating. She asked if I liked mimosas and clearly I said, "yes!" She proceeded to bring me a mixed berry mimosa called the "solar eclipse" and it was phenomenal! This IS my favorite breakfast and mimosa place!Yummmmmmmmm. I had the BLT - it has fried green tomatoes in it, the bacon is scrumptious and the Brandy milk Punch evened me out.  My husband says the shrimp grits are off the chain and the best he's had in NOLA so far.Enjoyed brunch here Sunday July 29th around 11:30 am. We used the Nowait app and were able to walk right in, which was nice because there isn't much of a waiting area. Our server was very nice and efficient, we never needed to ask for refills. The food was great and very large servings. We all needed to go boxes.We went here 2 times during our 4 day stay in New Orleans and loved it!  The food was very good and the service was cool too.  I like the look and feel of the place and would highly recommend it.  My husband got the Chicken St. Charles both times and was in love with it.  I ordered the breakfast sandwich one day and an egg white omlet special they had the other day.  Both were very very good.  If you are in the area and looking for a good breakfast spot you need to check them out.Food was unimpressive and expensive...I mean really unimpressive and very pricey for eggs We went for brunch in mid-March.. Also, I witnessed the food sitting out in the pickup window for very long periods of time before being delivered. Staff was friendly, drinks were so-so, wait wasn't too bad. Never going back though. Too much good food in the city to pay a lot for nothing special.At here for the second time last week.  It was every bit as good as my first trip.  Good service and great food.  Stuffed French Toast with blackberries, two kinds of bacon (applewood smoked and applewood smoked candied), potatoes, grits, coffee and a berry mimosa.  Breakfast heaven.I have to tell you we came yesterday and was pleasantly please with the food and the staffing. I had the Hot salmon omelette, grits and biscuit and when I tell you that biscuit was soooooo close to how my grandmother use to make it I could've sworn her spirit touch the chef in the kitchen while they were making it. Our waitress Eliza (I pray I spelled her name correctly) was super awesome. A very welcoming person extremely attentive to our needs at the table and very informative about activities around New Orleans to possibly partake in (we are out of Towners). So today is our last day in Nola and we stopped by again to get some of this goodness and again they did not fail. We didn't get Eliza again but she did spot us and came and checked on us periodically. Overall we are definitely recommending this place to all of our friends visiting Nola and hopefully Eliza will be able to serve them.Awesome food. Had the peace maker benes. Pork on one, chicken on the other. Great flavor, sauces (ordered on the side) were really tasty. Recommend it!!!Came here three times on my week long trip to New Orleans. Amazing breakfast and something for everyone- whether you want authentic cuisine or tasty breakfast food. Our waiter Michael was incredibly friendly, attentive, welcoming, knowledgable about the menu, never let our drinks get low and checked on us frequently to see if we needed anything. I got the Skinny Migas omelette, INCREDIBLE! Also try the biscuit, grits, and fried green tomatoes-- nothing as tasty! Would give ten stars if I could!Be ready to wait for a table. But it is worth the wait!  My wife and I enjoyed this place and would go every time Im in town! -zed-Same delicious food, in a big shiny space. We prefer the quirkiness of the MidCity location. Definitely appreciated being able to submit our request for a table through an app, as we were driving over and looking for street parking.The Chicken St. Charles for breakfast was delicious. 
Service was good. Very attentive servers. Friendly environment.Enjoyed brunch three times during our five-day stay at an Air BNB down the street. Great selection of benedicts! Favs were chicken St Charles, Cochon, and corned beef; didn't care for the shrimp one, which reminded me of tasteless boiled shrimp. Use the wait app on the weekends!I wasn't that impressed by Ruby Slipper. It was good but I think if you can go elsewhere for the price paid. We ordered the Pork Cochon (yummy, but the pork cold) and the shrimp & grits. 
Please know that you cannot combine the two yelp deals (two for one mimosa and the $15 for $20).Ruby Slipper Cafe is the answer to your question: What's for brunch? Everything I've eaten has been splendid. One of the great Mid City resturants.Huge portions of great brunch food. This is a good choice if you're in the area. It wasn't the coziest place, and definitely you couldn't just hang out chatting and enjoying the air conditioning after a meal because it's very popular, but the staff was super friendly/efficient and we didn't have to wait for a table.
I recommend splitting the chicken or cochon Benedict unless you're a linebacker for the Saints.
:)I went to pancake heaven here I must say! Such a cute place, nice atmosphere, great service! There was a bit of a wait, however I love the fact that they allow you to leave and send a text when your table is ready. We were able to walk over to the casino, play a little and have drinks. I ordered the pancake flight which came with 3 regular size pancakes, which were huge actually and bacon. Definitely too much for one person. DELICIOUS!!!!! I also had a Bloody Mary and I see why they are famous for it! It was awesome! I loved the fresh pickled green beans! Will definitely be back soon!I went here for breakfast during 4th of July weekend with my two sisters and it was crazy busy! There was a long wait but it was worth it! Once we were seated we had a great waitress who promptly took our order with a warm smile and the best attitude and then proceeded to give us fresh squeezed juices and the most delicious french toast I have ever had, the Bananas Foster Pain Perdu French-bread based french toast topped with rum-flambéed bananas & raisins. Yum!! The portions were big but after waiting a hour to eat I was still able to eat every bite. It just melted in my mouth. Everyone left very happy, but GO HUNGRY!!The food was absolutely AMAZING!!! The customer service was OUTSTANDING!!! A must do if you're in town.I've eaten here several time- eat time everything is very well prepared, service is responsive and attentive, the mimosas are a bit pricey, and there is usually a wait.
But I'll keep going back.I was told about this restaurant from a friend who has been here before and i must say that it didn't disappoint. I was greeted by veronica who was also our server, We got there around 12 and the place wasn't that crowded at all. We sat in a booth and ordered mimosas to start off as our drinks. I had the bam bam and it was so good.I wanted an order of bacon to take with me. That was the best candied bacon I've ever tasted. This decor was actually pretty cool as well,They had a lot of paintings on the wall that was made from duct tape pretty freaking cool. Over all great experience i look forward to going back.Amazing and fun atmosphere!!  Great cocktails.....Mikael is awesome!!!!!!  Really good specialties.  They the choices of Benedicts!!!!Rude wait staff, Ok, bland-ish food. Yummy mimosas. Poached eggs saved this place. They need to work on their balance and harmony of flavors.I'm from Houston and we went with family while in New Orleans. I'm so glad that we decided to have brunch here. The experience was wonderful.  We ordered different things and shared with each owner. I really enjoyed the grilled St. Peter, grilled fish, grit cake, shrimp, and spinach. The manager, Laura, and our waitress, Alana, provided great customer service. Unlock the yelp deal for buy 1 get 1 free mimosa. The pureed raspberry is tasty. Tip: Get on the waiting list online; the option is offered from the restaurant website. You have to download the nowait app.Went here with the gang for a Saturday afternoon brunch:
Bloody Mary: eh
House mimosa: yes
Milk punch: no 
Pancakes: excellent
Side of fruit: good
Potatoes: great. Don't get it as a side, though. It's $3 for a teeny tiny portion
Biscuits: great
Irish eggs Benedict: 4/5 stars
Eggs cochon: 4/5 stars
Shrimp and grits: bland 
Scrambled eggs: dry and boring
Not as homey as the original locational but this location is much better for large parties. Would definitely come back!Nothing special but definitely a quality breakfast.  I got the breakfast sandwich on bagel.  The food was OK!  but i must say that I lobe the atmosphere. Cool old mid city house converted into a restaurant.  My friend got the breakfast sandwich on toast and absolutely loved hers. Thick tomato and advocado with bacon and egg. The bread comes from a local bakery and I like that alot.  The grits were ok but feel like i can make much better. All in all the food was good but not great.REALLY disappointed in this Ruby Slipper!  First, the place was half empty at 10:45 am (not a good sign at a Ruby Slipper Cafe) and it took over 15 minutes to get a waitress, only because we chased one down.  Ordered eggs OVER EASY and they came out sunny side up and almost raw.  When we asked to re-do them, the waitress had no idea what the difference was!  Had to get a manager to get them re-made.  The waitress never offered a refill on my coffee, nothing.   Had to ask for and then wait for the check too.  Food was mediocre - the "7 grain bread" was nothing more than Bunny wheat bread and the service was awful.  May go back to a Slipper again but NOT this one!Could've had a better breakfast sandwich at Starbucks. Staff not very friendly. Over-priced. Definitely not impressed.Great breakfast/brunch option! I recently went with a party of 10 and they were very accommodating. They don't normally take reservations but will reserve a section for a large party if you call ahead. The staff was attentive and our food was delicious! We ordered a variety of dishes including the Migas, Basic Breakfast, Bananas Foster Pain Perdu, and the Granola, Yogurt and Fruit dishes. To compliment our dishes, we also ordered the Brandy Milk Punch, which was just a little too milky, bellinis, and the infamous Ruby Slipper mimosa, which has a splash of pomegranate. Generally, everything was great and as my rating states, I'm a fan!The food was yummy but the stars are for the excellent service. Being from out of town our server was awesome and gave us all types of reservations and when you're from Kansas you can't pass up a place called The Ruby Slipper.Are you staying near the Marigny? This is a good breakfast spot. While coming here hungover is optional, any of the Benedict dishes will get life flowing back into you in no time. I went with the Corned Beef, but any of them are tasty. And the prices are all very fair. Watch out for the long lines that can form at brunch hours.Awsome food and GREAT DRINKS. Mimosas and bloody Mary's were great. Diana our waitress was awesome. Food and ambiance is just perfect.This was fabulous food and to make it even better we had a great waiter.  Nico gave us great directions to fun places to see in NOLA, off the tourist beaten path.  The blackstone eggs were amazing and my sister ate a Spanish dish with rice and beans, avocado, warm salsa, and scrambled eggs......yummmmmmmmmWe came early around 9am and so we got a table right away.  Our server was nice and friendly.  We ordered food and it came out pretty quickly. They were delicous.and portions were large.  The price is  reasonable.  We parked on the side of the street.  They also have almond milk substitute for those who has problem with milk.Awesome food and a great experience! A must stop when visiting New Orleans! The staff is amazing!Amazing food. Great location (there are actually two locations on either end of the French quarter). We came for breakfast as they're only open until 3:00. We were not disappointed!!! The wait staff was excellent and the food was amazing! Try the pig candy bacon. I wanted to bathe in it!!I would highly recommend this cafe for breakfast. The omelette was fluffy with so much flavor. You had the option of creating a omelette but I chose the Florentine. Love having a fried green tomato. It was delicious. The bacon was cooked to perfection crispy. You also had a variety of coffee to choose from.Oh my- the Batons! Everything you've had as a child gets wiped out with there cinnamon French bread version. Enjoy.  Please open a place in Austin!The first time I ate here I had the shrimp and grits and they were amazing! My boyfriend got the eggs blackstone and it was definitely NOT amazing. His poached egg was awful. So we didn't eat here again for another year or so.
Then we tried it again with friends in town. This was the only place that wasn't insanely busy and there's a reason why. It's just not that good. 
I had the shrimp and grits again and it was mediocre. My boyfriend got the st charles chicken and our friends got the eggs blackstone. At least the eggs were all kind of poached. 
In my opinion I will always judge a breakfast/brunch place on their poached eggs. If you can't have an amazing poached egg than you're not a legitimate breakfast restaurant.Ordered the eggs cochon and CBH Benedict with bloody Mary.  They were both very good and I would definitely get them again!
There was a wait, but it was only about 20min.  Great location and architecture (remodeled bank) too!This was the  refectory brunch place for 12 of my girls friends and I. The food was fabulous and the service was absolutely amazing! Jack was our server and he was probably the best server we had all weekend. He is super organized and efficient! Loved the placeGreat place for brunch. Food is fantastic, the staff was EXCEPTIONAL and the cost competitive. Will probably become a regularThis is the Ruby Slipper you need to go to! Don't even consider the one downtown on Magazine and if you are read my review! This is a much better location and MUCH better service! This is by no means the best breakfast in town, but it is good. 
The omelets are great with the breakfast potatoes. Also, the pancakes are good. The shrimp & grits were not great. I have made better at home on my stove! They were WAY TOO salty! 
They do have great drink specials for brunch. The place gets busy, so plan on waiting a while to get a table.Fantastic Brunch!
They have several locations be sure to use the app to determine the shortest wait time. I got the stuffed French toast which happened to be blue berry that day. It was AMAZING !!!Stopped here for brunch on our way out of town. No wait, which was really nice. First of all, they have a fantastic menu, which makes it hard to decide what to eat. I ended up going with the Trifecta, which is three of their most popular biscuit benedicts. The flavors were really good. I mean REALLY good. The execution was flawed though. Three out of three of my "poached" eggs were actually hard boiled, and there was a shell in one. Server was generally inattentive. I'd give it one more shot because the place has potential.Pretty good breakfast/brunch spot especially when you can't get in Elizabeths. The food here is nothing special though the shrimp and veggie omelet was great. The biscuit was hard as a hockey puck and they took forever to replace it with toast. Overall like I said its an ok spot but Elizabeths and New Orleans Cake Cafe and Bakery would be my first two choices in the Marigny/Bywater.We stayed at an AirBnB a few steps away and went here all three mornings of our visit. The food and drink were just that good! 
For food the group favorite was the Eggs Cochon Benedict. Also worth getting the Banana Fosters French Toast, the Migas, and a side of bacon. I don't know what they do to their bacon but it is the best I've ever had!
For drink: the bacon infused Bloody Mary was delicious!! The Ruby Slipper Mimosa was my personal favorite. Also, the NOLA iced coffee was very good.
Download the No Wait app so you don't have to wait in person. It really helped us manage our mornings and they were really good about meeting the estimates (sometimes even earlier!).Absolutely delicious food and cocktails.  Some friends and I recently stayed nearby on vacation and this quickly became our go-to brunch spot -- we ate there three times in four days.  Their bacon Bloody Mary is fantastic and the biscuits with butter are a must.The food was ok.... The prices weren't so bad... but it was just ok...I had the cinnamon pancakes with Apple bacon. pancakes were nice in size but just again OK.....
#Essence2018Long waits on Saturdays are usually a good sign. This was no different. The key to their nice eggs Benedict was going easy on the hollandaise. A lot of places drown the egg but not these guys. The service was stylish to boot.I can't wait to get back to this joint sometime.  I was there for breakfast with a close friend, and we started our meal with a bellini.  These aren't my usual choice, as champagne cocktails are often both tiny and lame.  But this one was delicious.  My meal was fresh and well-prepared, and it came with a biscuit the size of my head.  The service was friendly and the space was lovely.  GO.I was in New Orleans for a fun weekend trip, and had Ruby Slipper recommended to my boyfriend and I twice by local Uber drivers. So, naturally, we wanted to check out this hidden Mid City brunch spot, and we were NOT disappointed!  The bar makes a good morning cocktail to enjoy while you wait for your table, and once seated, the service was surprisingly quick! We got our food in about 10 minutes. I got the breakfast sandwich (which I think they called the Boom boom busicuit?) and it was great! The bacon is candied, and oh so good! Boyfriend got the St. Charles benedict and it was also delicious (I know because I stole a bite!). 
Would definitely recommend The Ruby Slipper, and will certainly visit again on my next trip to the Big Easy!We had Mimosas and Chicken and Biscuits... very good and not to be missed if you are here in NOLA...The food here is awesome.  The wait is long but if you pre-check in it helps a ton.  Worth the wait.  The shrimp eggs Benedict was amazing!A great choice for brunch. Used the YELP app to get on the waiting list so our wait time was 5 mins once we arrived. Two people in our group had Bloody Mary's and raved about how good they were. I went with the Ruby Slipper Mimosa and it was excellent. Pomegranate juice cut some of the acidity in the o.j. Everyone at the table ordered some variety of Eggs Benedict and nobody was disappointed. Really delicious food and big portions. Biscuits were fluffy, eggs cooked perfectly, great meat/seafood options. Service was good. Never felt rushed. Very relaxed atmosphere, on the loud side since place was packed. Will definitely return.My wife and I are here for breakfast and both of the eggs Benedict's we ordered were absolutely delicious. I had the chicken and she had the pulled pork. The portion sizes were good, the flavor was amazing, and I couldn't have been more impressed. Definitely would recommend stopping here if you're in the area!OMG! we ate here twice during Mardi Gras, and super satisfied both times even though each experience was different.
Be prepared for the wait, though. Could be over an hour. Suggest Nowait app to get your name on their list, they don't take calls or reservations. Also, they close @ 3p.m.
The Menu offers everything "Nawlins" but with a bit of gourmet twist. Tinesha was our server extraordinaire@ Burgandy location, i think it was Julie the bartender @ Magazine location. Sorry i didn't do photos for my Fish St. Peter.  Generous portions, great brunch drinks...just DO IT! I hope you have as great an experience as we did!Food is great !!!! Second time coming here and was as good as I remember. Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. Can be a wait to get in but worth it. The trifecta Benedict is awesome. Pancake flight was sooo good.The food was excellent and worth the wait! I'll will definitely visit the next time I'm in NOLA.
The presentation of the food was as beautiful as the taste. You will definitely need a carryout container because you will get a large portion of food. I actually ate my food the next day and it was still delish!Caught them very crowded ,the omelet was over cooked the biscuit under cooked but the grits were perfect .The second best bennies I've ever had! The Eggs Cochon Benny is a MUSTTT! The braised pork was so yummy and tender it just melted in my mouth! And I love how they use buttermilk biscuits instead of the traditional english muffin! We also had the corned beef benny (4/5) and the fried chicken benny (4/5). The one order of bennies was hard to finish, it was so filling! Defff coming back next time we're in NOLA!Love this place! Came here for brunch with the 8 of us. They are known for their egg benedicts. Pretty much all the choices of the benedicts on the menu are delicious and great!We came on a Sunday morning right before Memorial Day. The place was packed! We put our names on the waitlist using Yelp and checked out the local area during most of our wait. Entire wait time was about an hour. 
Was it worth the wait? Yep! We had the Peacemaker Bennies-  one shrimp boogaloo & one corn beef hash and the St Peters Fish dish. Both were excellent! The food was a bit rich but isn't that what Nola food is? The Bloody Mary's were perfect and reasonably priced for the area. 
The restaurant was cool and bright which was a nice break from the hot humid heat of the street. Definitely would come back again.Worth the wait!! Went to the original Ruby Slipper after eating at the Canal Street location and the Cortez location did not disappoint either.  Great menu - cheap food - wonderful staff.  So creative with the menu and daily specials it's hard to choose.  Everyone at the table got a different item and we all shared.  A party in my mouth!
Love this placeA delicious destination, but be prepared to wait if you don't show up early on the weekends. I love the crab cake breakfast, while the hubs usually goes with the huevos. And the grits!! Amazing creamy delicious. They have both booster seats and highchairs (and a kids menu) for the little brats - mine got the french toast which he gobbled down before proceeding to ruin other people's brunch by screaming with joy from the sheer deliciousness of it all. My advice to the kid haters: just order a mimosa, which like the name of the place, has a ruby shine from a dash of pomegranate.The most amazing place for brunch. There is def a wait time. So just order up a nice drink and chill. It is so worth the wait though. Really. And I hardly rave about any place. These 5 star reviews are special. lol.
The brandy milk punch was pretty tasty. It had a nut meg taste to it. There was def an alcohol bliss since you can taste it. It's sort of like spiked eggnog with the color and consistency, but the alcohol surprise is for those 21+. 
The shrimp and grits was delish. They have a special version to this with much more goodness loaded in, but it comes out about once a month. You can sign up for their email list to get updates. The regular version on their menu was still tasty though and worth the visit. I am glad my shrimp and grits re-do here was satisfying. 
One of their special was super tasty. It was made up of the corned beef Bennie and croquet Madame off of the regular menu. It may look simple, but it was flavorful and very texturized. Yummie in my tummie. lol. Sorry, I cannot remember the special's name. 
Service was pretty good as well. Although they were busy, they'll make it to ya for anything you may need. They were also very knowledgeable about their menu and the specials they had going on. 
And I don't believe the building directly behind this place is meant for Ruby Slipper so my friend just found parking along the streets. I'm unsure about this but I remember him reading some signs and saying something about it...Went there this morning for breakfast and the food was delicious!!!! I have the Salomon Bennie. I can't wait to go back the only thing is I am leaving on Friday. May i can sneak in before my flight, oh yeah try the bloody Mary with bacon. The wait staff was helpful and courteous. It was the best thing i ate in New Orleans yet.The food was really really great, but it might be best to eat there instead of getting take out. They forgot my friends potatoes and my other friends plantains.This is an amazing place to go! Our waiter was very considerate and on the ball. The food amazing and I wish I could eat more!Excellent food, pleasant staff ,really helpful management. Fresh product with delicious tasting food. Love the concept.While the food is ok, I have just been there for breakfast and lunch, they are way overpriced. The service was just ok. I just hate going places that tip you off with high prices for eggs and bacon with toast. I mean come on it's not like anything fancy like a soufflé or something.Newest location. Ordered grilled fish of the day. Drum.  Over a cheesy grit cake with a skewer of shrimp.  The fish tasted fresh and was prepared deliciously. Grit cakes to die for. Added a biscuit to my order which was served with homemade cane sugar butter. They need to sell the butter was the best.  Only drawback was the shrimp.  Was not fresh. Frozen for sure.  Being in south Louisiana spotted that immediately upon tasting.  Service was great.  Decor quirky and other patrons too.personally, as far as just the food goes, i don't see it living up to the ratings.
we ordered eggs cuchon and shrimp and grits, and nothing stood out about either one.  Eggs were good, but wouldn't stand out in a lineup, which is hard to do at any rate. Grits and shrimp were bland, maybe because i never add table salt to cover up deficiencies.
the atmosphere is nice though, and its more of a urban-revitalized-warehouse feel as opposed to the more stereotypical new orleans vibe, so a nice change of pace. 
its ok to go to, but i wouldn't seek it out, especially during their busy timesI was personally greeted by Jennifer and Erich upon check in for the soft opening. 
Deremy was our server and he was so pleasant and helpful. He also recommended the Gulf Fish St. Peter, which is one of their specialties. It includes gulf fish atop a grit cake with fresh veggies and a skewer of grilled shrimp. ...and because it's New Orleans, it's topped with a creole hollandaise. To accompany this decadent dish, I opted for their Brandy Milk Punch. The flavor was great, along with the spices; however, it wasn't as rich and creamy as I'd hoped.
Overall: Great service, food and atmosphere! The ambiance is upbeat and trendy. The staff is polite and helpful. The food (as usual) is consistently fresh and delicious! This is a perfect addition to Magazine Street Uptown.This place was recommended by my airbnb host so we decided to give it a try. Our first day at NOLA we tried to go to the location at the french quarter, but the wait time was 1hour 30 minutes so we did not even try. After driving around we saw this other location so we went our last day before driving back home.
We came here for breakfast around 8am and it was perfect because we were the only ones there. The server was very friendly and attentive. The service was just perfect! 
I ordered the Migas breakfast (without the sausage because I'm vegetarian) and it was so good and so different! I really liked it. 
My boyfriend had an omelet with a lot of veggies of his choice and he said it was really good. 
I also had a coffee and it was good as well. 
I would definitely visit again.Amazing spot for brunch. The menu has a diverse selection of breakfast options. The staff was very attentive.  Would definitely recommend this spot.If you check in via yelp! you get rewarded with BOGO mimosas! Score! Aside from the bubbly beginning I had the absolute delicious Eggs Cochon and will certainly be returning soon.We had a wonderful breakfast at the Ruby Slipper Cafe today!  Our waiter Chad was awesome - friendly, attentive, and continuously replaced the silverware, napkins, and other items that my 13-month-old repeatedly threw onto the floor. He even got us some hot water to clean off his pacifier!  Thanks Chad!  We got to chat for quite a while with Roland, the Regional Manager, and even got to meet the owners Eric and Jen who were super friendly.  I'm thrilled that they've opened up this location near to me and will be a frequent visitor!  Thanks for all the hospitality and good luck on the big opening on Wednesday!Great breakfast! To start the service was excellent! Our server, Colleen, was sweet, attentive, and knowledgeable.
The mimosa was huge and very tasty as was the coffee. We missed happy hour but during the week from 7-9 am they are 2 for one.
I had bananas foster french toast that was quite yummy. My companions had build your own omelettes that they raved about.
Overall, we loved it here and will probably go back tomorrow morning.This review is specific to the Mid City location though this basically holds true for the other locations I've tried...
Can't say enough great things about this restaurant and more importantly this location.  This quickly became my favorite and regular breakfast spot.  You can find me in there a couple times/week for a great cup(or 5) of coffee and a consistent, delicious and satisfying meal.  What keeps me going back in addition to the food is the management and service staff.  Always friendly & great attitudes(even when crowded).  Opal and staff are a major draw for me.  Too many places in this city have succumbed to negative, surly, short tempered service and that's something I don't put up with no matter how good the food is.  So kudos to you, Ruby Slipper and the staff at the Mid City location specifically!Loved it!!! Will not be disappointed! I tried the peacemaker Benedict. Which was the fried chicken and the pork benedict.This location is a hidden secret. It morning drinks were amazing! The food was delicious! I would definitely visit this location the next time I am in New Orleans.We were spending the weekend in New Orleans and were searching for a place to have brunch on Sunday morning. Couldn't have chosen a better place. We ordered the house specialty, shredded pork meat over a biscuit and pouched eggs on top. Simply delicious!! I totally recommend this place.Get the No Wait app because the wait is ridiculous without it. We waited like an hour and half for food that was not so great. Must be a tourist destination.
I had the French Toast with chicken sausages. Not impressed at all. The toast was slightly burnt, so that made all the bread taste as such. You have to pay for Maple syrup, so I had the table top syrup. 
Another with our party had the Three Little Pigs with only two pigs in it with no cheese.
Small place with wooden tables and chairs. Converted 1800s bank with cashier cage. Outside seating available in the sun.The ability to add your name to the waitlist is great but we had no wait Uptown.  We had Costa Rica, Southern breakfast, French toast batons and stuffed French toast.  Everything  was delicious!!  The stuffed French toast with cream cheese , blueberries and strawberries was decadent and HUGE!  Drink orders came to table before we ordered food with the technology they use.  Would definitely come again  and wish they would open in Charlotte.This place is awesome, located in a quaint neighborhood. The food is delicious and the coffee even better.Worst day ever. Didn't even eat. 
Who was that pretend maitre d .  She needs to go!!!This was so good! The food was amazing and the service was so great! Atmosphere was chill and friendly. One of the best breakfast places in New Orleans!!I only ordered the breakfast potatoes and grits. So my review is limited. The potatoes were nothing special and some were undercooked. The grits, however, we're very tasty.  My breakfast buddies ordered the shrimp and grits and were very impressed. The yelp deal...two for one mimosas...made this meal even better!This is the only place in New Orleans I have ever eaten, that was bad! The menu was decent but poorly executed, simple things like biscuits were clearly baked earlier and microwave to order, ordered smoked salmon eggs Benedict, the poached eggs were hard, the salmon was over cooked and the sauce had no flavorRuby Slipper has always been one of my favorite brunch spots in New Orleans, and this new location did not disappoint! Can't go wrong with a peach Bellini, mimosa, or Bloody Mary! Will definitely be visiting again soon!Bartenders were very attentive and the food was a great representation of what to expect from the menu. The mimosas was nothing special but it's a mimosa. Although the poached egg was cooked perfectly. Portions were a good correlation with price as well. I also appreciated the pre- checkin option when setting a reservation. If I lived in New Orleans I would definitely be back. Great Sunday brunch option.This place has something for EVERYONE and authentic NOLA inspired flavors. Eat here ASAPGreat breakfast place with local flavors! I had the eggs Cochon and a seasonal mimosa, which were delightful. Great service for a Sunday morning.I'll start this review by saying that I haven't been to the other Ruby Slipper locations (yet!), but with that said, we LOVED this one! The breakfast was fabulous and the servers were nice and accommodating, especially toward our one year old. I had the Bananas Foster French Toast. Two people could have shared this dish! It was enormous! It was also very, very good. I paired it with a Mimosa and I couldn't have been more pleased. Even better, the service was quick and we were in and out within an hour, which is great when you have a one year old along for a birthday "date" brunch. We can't wait to go again!Oh ooo ,no more secrete menu ?  No more oat meal ?  Not happy about no more oat meal . :(Food was great! We got pancakes, omelettes, Migas, and gulf fish. Wait was too long so we got a seat at the bar. Our food took place quite some time but the "favorite" (aka most attractive) in our party got his food 35 minutes before the rest of the table. The bartender waved his hand in my face suggesting I pay for the bill which was slightly offensive but everything else was great.We ordered the bbq shrimp and grits, the peacemaker with the egg Cochon & chicken st Charles and and peach Bellini mimosas. The Chicken St Charles was my favorite! I liked the bbq shrimp and grits as well it was flavorful I just wish the shrimp were bigger. The Egg Cochon was my least favorite. It lacked the flavor I was expecting and had a strong pork flavor of that makes sense! The peach billini mimosa was sweet and strong. I gave four stars because of the food, service and ambiance! Would've given three stars for the food as it was good but not amazingI'd always heard great things about this place so my boyfriend and I had to try it. The Skinny Migas is very tasty. I loved the chipotle sauce and tortilla strips with it. Their biscuits are pretty good too. My boyfriend however, was not a fan of his Corned Beef Bennie. The Ruby Slipper is known for their Eggs Benedict so you'd think it'd be out of this world. Overall I'd say this place is okay. I've definitely been to better brunch places in New Orleans.Goodness gracious New Orleans...  Why do I love thee so...
Dat Southern Hospitality...  Dose drinks...
People are laid back.
People like to party.
People like to enjoy life.
I would have to say of the Ruby Slippers this one is the best and the most LOCAL.
My favorite place for breakfast used to be Coulis...
And it still may be..
But this place rules.
The menu was tantalizing...  Typically I know what I want to eat before I even step into the restaurant.  BUT, the menu here really threw me a couple curve-balls...
Also, inside the restaurant is very clean, and tight, and in addition the bathroom was very clean.  These things are all very important.
I was torn between the Eggs Cochon and the Spanish Omelet...
My GF had the Cochon and I had the omelet
Extremely delicious on all fronts.
Eager to return.
It's on the list.So I was staying at a airbnb around the neighborhood and was recommended this place. I definitely liked my breakfast! I had the bacon 3 little pigs! Potatoes were so delicious, I remember them even now. Service was really quick, even with a full house! It was pretty full on a Tuesday morning but for good reason. The food is great! Came out pretty quick and I don't know what maple like sauce they gave me with my bread but that was amazing too! I saw other locations but I would recommend Ruby slippers nonetheless. This one seems a bit out the way and more quieter.No. Don't do it. Everything was awful. Bacon raw, hard poached eggs, out of avocado on the Cuban. Kind of dirty. Don't know why it has good reviews.Had a great breakfast there this morning with my friends. Everyone loved their food and we had the best service ever from Diana. I ordered the Boogaloo Shrimp Benedict and it came with fried green tomatoes, creole tasso hollandaise, and lots of large, fresh shrimp. I like the fact that "the peacemaker" Benedict allows you to try half-and-half of any Benedict on the menu. Friends also loved the stuffed French toast of the day with vanilla cheesecake and cran-orange compote. I would give 5 stars if they would take reservations. We had a large table with a pregnant lady and I called last week as well as two hours prior, and was directed to use the "no wait" app....and we had to wait over 20 min in the heat outside. (Which kinda makes the app a lil useless no?)I've heard praises of this restaurant from friends and family. We (my sisters and I) had never been and finally had the opportunity to go with two cousins who had eaten here previously. Oh my - we were NOT disappointed! Crowded - but, it's New Orleans. What good restaurant isn't? And, it's New Orleans! Everyone was so friendly - it was like, for us, one big breakfast family where we were seated.
The food - delectably delightful! I had the BBQ Shrimp & Grits and it was yum Yum YUMMY!!! The grits were very creamy, the shrimp plentiful and it was just great. 
Will I go back? Heck yeah!!!
Should you go? Heck yeah!!!The food was amazing. The bananas foster french toast was excellent. My sister enjoyed her Tex mex eggs. The service was pleasant. Only drawback was getting our food took a long time. We had to inquire if it was coming. It was worth the wait but allow for time.Great food. Walking distance from our Airbnb. Found this gem on yelp. Food was delicious. Wait staff were extremely friendly. Definite place to try for brunch.Every dish was delicious. We tried the packed eggs with hollandaise and bacon, the fried chicken on biscuits, and some dudes of eggs, sausage, etc. only the fruit cup was a bit disappointing and predictable. Hostess service can be a bit brusque, but after waiting only 10 minutes (they had told us 25) they accommodated our group. Note that we were there at 8:30 am on a Saturday and still had a wait, so be prepared.This was our first stop for food in New Orleans. It was close to where we were staying at. It's a great place for brunch. Food was great and service was good. The French toast was really good.this place is SO overrated and overpriced. their hollandaise is nasty and they put it on everythingOrdered for carryout via the Waitr app. Called 20 minutes after the order was placed and they still hadn't started the order. It took them 44 minutes to fulfill what I thought was an easy order. When I arrived home and finally opened food to eat, I saw my eggs cochon HAD NO EGGS, just pork on a biscuit. This was my first time ordering from this Ruby Slipper and I would never recommend it to anyone. So disappointing.Our original plan was to go to the location in CBD, but when we drove by and saw the crowd standing outside, we drove over to Marginy. The building used to be an old bank, so this location had quite the character! The wait for 2 for Sunday brunch was over an hour, but we managed to get two seats at the bar within 10 mins of our arrival there. 
Based on yelper's reviews and a list of popular favorites posted on the wall, we ordered the Eggs Cochon. I had the Breakfast Sandwich. After we placed our orders, a couple of dishes came out for others at the bar. A woman next to me asked the bar server what the big loaf was and he replied, "that is a biscuit." We were all astounded, especially me, because I just ordered my breakfast sandwich be served on a biscuit! 
Needless to say, I could not actually make a sandwich out of it when I got it. I had to eat it deconstructed with a fork and knife :)  The fried green tomato was glorious. I loved the seasoning/breading on it. The candied bacon strips were the shining stars! We should have ordered a side of candied bacon. I was able to finish most of my sandwich, but not the other half of that beautifully fluffy biscuit. 
The Eggs Cochon were also delicious but if the pork was hotter it would have been better.Really delicious eggs Benedict! 
I had the pork and shrimp eggs beni and I was not disappointed. The toppings to hollandaise sauce ratio was perfect and the egg was excellently poached. I also ordered one of their famous bloody Mary's and it by far top 3 of the best I've ever had. 
The downfall to this restaurant is the noise and cramped space as it gets busy. We were practically sitting on top of one another which made it hard to have any sort of conversation.DON'T GO!
The waiter was one of the rudest I've seen. I've never been to the ruby slipper as I'm not from New Orleans but I'm 100% sure I won't be back. I was ordering a three pigs omelet and I wanted to modify it but soon as I said I wanted to change something he cut me off in the rudest voice and just said "So you don't want a three pigs omelet. " and I was trying to tell him I just didn't want the ham but he cut me off again and said "That's why we have a build your own for any changes." 
I'm sorry there was no reason to be disrespectful and condescending. I'm not familiar with your menu or rules. One thing he did get right was his attentiveness. He always checked on us.
The food was average honestly I wish I had gone some place else. One of my friends just took two bites got a to go bag and threw it away outside so hers was nasty.Update Response for Jennifer W:
My mother was visiting from Tennessee, and my son and I wanted to take her to Magazine Street on Wednesday, April 19.  We went to your restaurant between 11:30 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.  It was not very crowded, and we parked right in front of the restaurant.  We looked at the reviews and even used a recommendation from a family friend who suggested eating at The Ruby Slipper Café.  The waitress was friendly, but it took a while for the food to come.  My mother ordered the "Stuffed French Toast;" I ordered "The Southern Breakfast;" and my son ordered pancakes.  As I mentioned below, my mother noticed a hair in her food, and that alone was off-putting.  My food was fair, but I did notice that the grits were lukewarm and gave the impression that they had been sitting for a while.  I forgot to mention that the fried green tomato was inedible.  We did tell the waitress about our experience, and she was apologetic.  I don't like to complain to managers because I always feel that it makes me look like someone who wants to eat, complain, and get their money back.  I hope that this update helps you and your team.    
Original Review:
Pass.  Keep looking.  Spend your money at another restaurant.  We looked at the reviews, but they were either wrong or we went at the wrong time of day.  We ordered breakfast food.  My mother's sandwich came with a hair.  My grits had been sitting, and the biscuit was hard.  We didn't speak to the manager.  If the manager lets food come out like our's did, what would be the point in speaking with the manager.  Waffle House would have been better and cheaper.I go to bat for this place 100% when talking about best breakfasts in Nola.  I can not speak for other meals, as I've only been for breakfast, but it was the best breakfast I have had in NOLA in four years.  I think my favorite is eggs blackstone, though after a few omelettes, basic breakfast, oatmeal, fruit plate, etc, i have liked everything.  
The blackstone is definitely a bit heavy but the way the tomato cooks with the bacon in addition to tender eggs with a biscuit just feels like sleeping on a cloud to me.  I've never really had these experiences from breakfast and this is the first place that made me have one.  
The waitresses are all nice, service is quick enough, place is clean, and coffee is strong. A+The Ruby Slipper offers what is decidedly a breakfast menu, which features gulf seafood, and fish alongside or in combination with traditional southern breakfast foods, but done with a delicious French flair. As a result one is treated to a uniquely satisfying breakfast well worth the 20-40 minute wait for seating that may be experienced at peak hours. 
Guests with a sweet tooth may want to try either Bananas Foster Pain Perdu or Stuffed French Toast. I treated my palette to an omelette of various vegetables, which featured smoked salmon and goat cheese.  What an amazing combination! 
No matter the food selection do yourself a favor and request seating serviced by Erin C., the most remarkably charming, engaging, and helpful food server I have come across.  She will guide you through the menu with explanations, suggestions, and humor.Great food. Busting at the seams as far as space, waited over an hour to be seated when we had checked in online prior to showing up. Our waiter was so over worked so he had difficulty keeping up and remembering requests. Staff were pleasant considering the circumstances.Pros - We were seated right away, and it was relatively quiet (it was around 8:30 on a Saturday, so probably before their rush). My mom ordered a bellini, and it was delicious and generously sized. Also, the candied bacon is fantastic. I would definitely recommend a side of it if what you order doesn't include it.
Cons - The service was very poor. Our food took over 25 minutes (for two of us) even though there were only 3 tables in the restaurant total. Several tables that came in after us were served before we were. In fact, one table that was seated after we ordered still got their food before we did. When the food came, my food was cold while my mom's was warm. It seemed like there was somehow a mixup where my food got made first and then sat there getting cold while they made the rest of the order. Normally it wouldn't be a problem and I would've just asked it to be warmed up, but the server never came to check on us to see how the food was, and was nowhere to be found for the next 30 minutes. Finally we gave up and decided to just pay and leave, but still had to wait because, again, the server had disappeared. Had to ask the hostess twice to bring our check. The server eventually dropped it off without saying anything or even looking at us, so I wasn't able to ask about my food. She eventually came to clear the plates, at which point I would have expected her to notice my food was basically untouched and ask if it was OK... but no. 
Overall, the food was mediocre and the poor service has me convinced not to go back.We were very excited to come here! It had excellent reviews, the menu was reasonably priced and they had brunch all day. When we got to the restaurant it was a little busy, but not overwhelmingly so. We were seated quickly and received service quickly. However, it went downhill from there. The waitress was short with us, and seemed annoyed by our (VERY!) limited requests. 
The food was decent, but not great. We both ordered the pork debris Benedict with poached eggs. The eggs were very over cooked and the pork was dry. The waitress then left the check while we were still eating, and rushed us out, despite there being no line. Overall, we were disappointed by both the food and the service.I visited their new location on Broad and I really love it! Outdoor seating and a yard with cornhole. I'm glad they moved to an expanded location to accomodate more customers. The service was great and I think their pancakes also got bigger when they moved. Being able to put your name on the list via yelp is also a big help, especially on a Saturday when you know it's going to be crowded. Can't wait to make a return trip.Love this place! Only a few blocks away from my house definitely makes this a spot i frequent when i'm in the mood for some good ol' breakfast and i'm up at a decent hour to do so (being that they close at 2pm)
I definitely try the specials because they are always on point, but days when i'm not feeling to adventurous, i just stick with my usual, the bbq shrimp and grits (comes with a biscuit) really good, nice hefty serving. I always leave pot-bellied on that.
Great service, and the last time i was there with my brother, the GM came over and spoke to us a couple times while we were there, very genuine, friendly guy who asked us about how we had heard of the place due to the fact that they do zero advertising. I guess that's just one of the many things you gotta love about New Orleans, we are most definitely a city of it's community.Food looked great, but was incredibly bland. I ordered the stuffed French toast and I was expecting a rich decadent breakfast, instead I got a slice of bread with a barely there egg crust. And a weirdly textured cheesecake filling. It was like eating a slice of plain bread with blueberries on top. Onto the Benedict. I had both the chicken and the pork, they were also both beautiful to look at. Sad to eat. Just lacking real flavor. The best part of the meal was the bacon unfortunately. Will not be back and highly don't recommend. 1 star for bacon. 1 star for service.The food is good here (even though they tried to bring me undercooked chicken sausage) but we found our seating to be kind of odd. When we first arrived around 8:15 am the restaurant was fairly empty-maybe three tables were filled and there was one man at the bar. We were immediately led to an empty table at the back of the restaurant. There was no one else seated there and several empty tables in the front. We sat and watched as those that were lacking melanin were seated in the front, near the windows, and nowhere near us. I asked the manager, Dan,  about his seating policy and he advised that we were seated in the area because a server, Carter, had just come in and they like to give everyone the sameamount of guests-but she was serving customers that were seated after us and in the front of the restaurant. Dan attempted to deflect and deny, but it just seems odd that he said that they "like to keep people comfortable so they aren't all on top of each other," yet they continued to seat people in an order that seemed to keep them in the same vicinity and "on top of each other." Anyway...food was good.I nearly fell down dead when I saw migas on the menu and then nearly fell down dead again when they were BETTER than the migas I ate at multiple restaurants in San Antonio. 
Cathead biscuits were delicious. Coffee great, too. Staff was friendly and because we sat at the bar, zero wait. Don't miss this one--from our vantage point at the bar we saw the bartender infuse vodka (for bloody Marys) with thick-cut beautiful bacon. We didn't order one and kicked ourselves for it. Everyone in the place eating seemed happy and excited about their food, so much so that the place was buzzing (or maybe it was the bloody Marys). Overall the vibe is great for breakfast/brunch, and the food is stellar. Check this one out, you won't regret it.Don't think- just go. Amazing breakfast!!! We went for brunch around 10:30am on a Friday and there was no wait. The service was fast and the food was amazing! The server said on weekends you will always have at least a 45 min wait. So if it's a weekend go early or be patient. But it's well worth it.
Our server was very hip and funny and kind. We got
Our food fast. She even took the time to give us local tips on what to do and see around New Orleans. 
Great coffee! I had eggs Benedict half with salmon and the other with corned beef. The corned beef one was amazing and their biscuits are so soft! My husband had French toast batons and they were made perfectly! Definitely could eat here every morning.This is by far my favorite of all the locations. The service was great our food was delicious. Good way to start the day is with a good brunch and smiles. When I checked in via Yelp I got and offer for a 2 for 1 drink special. Winning!  Both were delicious.Excellent fast service.  Great food had the shrimp and grits and omlette.  Both were great.  Misty was an awesome server she was fast friendly. The whole place was very happy and helpful.Yummy Bloody Mary. They don't substitute for non-meat eaters, which upset me. If I'm not eating meat, give me some grits, yo. Damn, I think the bloody mary has already kicked in...
Good food, nice atmosphere, good times... They don't have wifi though, which sucks.Good brunch place! This place is very popular so be prepared to wait on weekends! I really like their southern breakfast (especially that they let you get whatever meat, bread, side that you want!) and the chicken St Charles was pretty good too (but a little heavy for my taste). My friends have also always loved what they've gotten, especially the eggs Cochon! Service has always been really good! Solid brunch place in the neighborhood.
Food -- 4 stars
Price -- 4 stars 
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 4 starsGreat stop for brunch! The seasonal berry mimosa was amazing! There were also really interesting specials. The parking lot was a little difficult to find, but it's behind the building and it's free parking! The place was cute and all the food was tasty.it's the second time i've been here, and i'm still not super impressed by the food.  standard menu is limited and not entirely varied.  there are usually a few brunch specials.  i ordered an omelet with a side of potatoes and a coffee.  coffee was standard.  omelet was nicely prepared but it wasn't something i couldn't do at home.  potatoes were probably the best thing on my plate - roasted to a beautiful brown hue with (i believe) a hint of thyme.  
note: get there early on a sunday if you're in the mood for brunch.  even at almost 10 a.m., there will probably be a 30 minute wait.  not a problem for those who like a lil booze as ruby slipper serves mimosas, brandy milk punch, and irish coffee to make your wait more pleasant.
plenty of parallel parking in the neighborhood around the restaurant.Girl at host stand says bar is open seating. Spots come open, we walk up and some dude walks up and say he "I have to seat you here" and proceeds to seat four people that just walked in. Not a good start! The guy blatantly lied, what an A$$.Fantastic breakfast!!! Worth the wait!!! I had a Lousianan omelette and buttermilk pancakes - both perfect. Service was excellent too.Lots of buzz about this place and have been hearing about it for years. So finally got a chance to check it out. The staff was great. Very friendly. But the food and drinks were rather lackluster. Hate to say it but other than atmosphere I don't get the hype. Overrated IMO.The Ruby Slipper was awesome!! The staff were amazing very accommodating.  Being out of towners, our waitress helped us by giving tips to navigate the city.  The food was amazing. I had the shrimp omelet with potatoes and the BUTTER for the biscuits was the perfect taste for something sweet with your brunch meal. The peach mimosa is the best! Amazing place all around!Stayed in NOLA for 7 days...we are at Ruby Slipper for 4 of those 7 days...compared other restaurants to Ruby Slipper...service, food, atmosphere...Ruby Slipper met all of our needs. There were 6-8 of us each day, allowed me to nibble off of multiple plates. Sent one plate back due to temperature, new meal made and delivered hot and fresh. According to server, there are no microwaves in building so no zapping of foods!! 
Libations - mimosas were my favorite! 
Food - any pancake or French toast, the shrimp boogaloo or st. Charles with the fish! 
Definitely will return and recommend!Thomas, Emery, and John are the best bartenders!!!! Go see them they will take great care of you!Ate here for breakfast with the family. Staff was friendly and food was delivered quickly. We went around 9:00am and had no wait time. By the time we left though it was starting to fill up. Highly recommend the stuffed French toast.Excellent food, excellent service we will definitely be back! We had Misty as our server at the mid city location. She got us a table right away even though they were extremely busy. She recommended the fried chicken eggs Benedict and my husband ordered it and loved it! We had the best service out of all the restaurants we went to in Nola. She also recommended that I try the iced coffee and brandy cream, although the combination sounded strange I went for it. Surprisingly good if you drink them at the same time. I ordered the peacemaker, which lets you mix and match two different benny's, i picked salmon and cochon. I was hoping for a salmon filet but was a bit disappointed it was mixed up with seasoning.The cochon was much better. I can't wait to go back again and try the chicken Benedict that my husband ordered and wouldn't share because it was so good.I come here often for breakfast before work. Service is very attentive and genuine. The coffee keeps coming and the food is good. My personal fave is the Costa Rican Breakfast....I know...not the kinda dish I'd gamble on at a traditional kind of breakfast joint but it's delicious! I always find myself coming back to this!Went there this morning with great excitement because of the awesome menu. We had a party of 10 and only waited 5 minutes or so. Awesome. They sat us at a table for eight, luckily the others weren't there yet. I asked the waitress if we could pull a two top over to accommodate the entire party. She did so with a smile even though there was a sign in the door saying no parties bigger then 6. 
During the wait for the rest of the party the host/manager guy kept eyeing up the table we gained to the point where I felt as though he was throwing a gussy fit in the back. 
The waitress started off by saying "first of all, we don't split checks"
Continuing on, the food was AMAZING!!! I loved it. Did I mention that the food isn't your typical breakfast, and I feel that even though the prices are high, that it is worth it. 
I just struggle to understand how the customer is always right except that we don't split checks and we don't so parties over 6 but did mine of 10. I don't see the difference between a party of 6 and a party of 4 and a single party of 10. The only rule should be " if I'm making money, it's cool" I know the doors wouldn't close if my $150 tab went to Dots Diner instead of this place, but dayum, it should make a difference to SOMEBODYI had heard so many great things about The Ruby Slipper prior to coming here. The wait was about 40 mins for 2 ppl. The dining room is pretty small and they packed it full with as many tables as they could. Once we were seated the dining time was pretty quick. We got our food within 10 mins or so. The food was great!! I would come back, but I'm not sure I would wait another 40 mins for pretty basic breakfast items.A friend and I went to this cafe because it was near the Airbnb we were staying at. We had a 2 mins wait after using their waitlist link on the yelp app. We sat outside as the weather was very pleasant and the outdoor seating is fairly nice. They had a Valentine's Day brunch special, I got the berries and cream cheese stuffed French toast and my friend got the Costa Rican. I enjoyed the French toast, and I thought the dish my friend got was good as well. Yelp had a BOGO on mimosas so we obviously had to give those a try, they were ok, I've had better ones though. Customer service was good we felt welcomed especially since we were carrying 3 carryon size bags, which I mentioned in the waitlist app (we were waiting to check into our Airbnb).Food and service was good. I have to warn, however that if you order the Costa Rican breakfast that they are not prepared the way you'd expect which is disappointing because if they were they'd go great with rest of the meal. Instead the plantains are like potato chips. Other than that one detail, everything else was great.One of my favorite brunch spots. Wait is always long - hard to get a table for a large group. The eggs Benedict was awesome.They did it again! I am glad they opened a location within walking distance of my home. I gladly drive to all their locations but this is just so exciting.  They redid the interior and it looks amazing. The staff was super friendly and professional. The food is consistent and delicious. I went two days in a row and I am sure I will be a regular.Great service. Great people. St Peter's is a must try. And those that don't mind day drinking the boozy coffee is great.We arrived at Ruby Slipper around noon on a Wednesday and waited about ten minutes for a table. We had the Eggs Cochon and the Corned Beef Bennie. Very substantial portions, freshly prepared, and they don't skimp on the meat. The poached eggs were cooked perfectly. They didn't charge us for coffee which was nice since their prices are a little high, but the food is worth it. I didn't see a parking lot, it's located in a residential neighborhood, so we parked easily down the street.Mid-week brunch. The Ruby slipper mimosa is amazing!  Great atmosphere and the bbq shrimp and grits will adjust my appetite  dry well. Delicious!  If you're on Magazine and looking for a dining treat... stop by..Ask for Taty! She is awesomeThe food here was probably the best we had in NOLA. We had a Gulf fish St. Peter, which was excellent. But the dish that startled us was the Egg cochon benedict. The hollandaise on the top tasted like nothing we had ever had before. The food here is worth the wait time that you might have. Usually the restaurant is very crowded and you might have to wait a while to secure a table.Meh. Went on a weekday morning so no problem getting in and getting a seat. I ordered a standard breakfast. The bacon was tasty, and the grits were stellar. However, the eggs weren't prepared correctly and lacked flavor. To me, what should have been the star (and let's face it, the reason I ordered the standard) the biscuit, was very disappointing. Now, I grew up in the south and I have had some good biscuits, but this one wasn't really worth eating. I ate the top half, used it to soak up my egg yolks, but left the rest. Wasn't going to waste calories on a hard, dry, heavy biscuit. SMH-No ma'am! Anywho the hubs had migas. He thought they were "okay". It was kind of 50/50. Had the eggs and biscuit been as good as the grits and bacon, we would have had ourselves a different story! I would like to add here that the owner reached out regarding the biscuit situation. She offered to make it up to us, however we had already left town. Perhaps it was just a fluke? Might be worth another try. I definitely appreciated her responsiveness! For that, from 3 to 4 stars.Awesome food! By far my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. We had breakfast here our third day in town. I had the Croque Madame and my husband had the Stuffed French Toast. We used the " no wait" app to make reservations as we had heard the wait is typically long. This trendy spot is on the repeat list!It was one of my favorite places in New Orleans!! The food was great.. great atmosphere and customer service!! It was perfect!!A friend of mine recommended this place to me, and I saw that this newer location was near where I was staying, so decided to check it out. Their prices are really reasonable and the service that I received was good. I'm usually pretty indecisive when ordering, so I was very happy they have the "peacemaker" as an option, which is where you can pick two different egg Benedict options. I ordered the shrimp Benedict and the fried chicken Benedict - the chicken was so good! I definitely recommended that one.My friends and I just returned from a weekend trip to Nola and this was hands down our favorite spot! We ate here three times for breakfast. It is worth the wait!! The food is so fresh and flavorful. I love the big open feel of the restaurant and the southern vibe. The staff was all so polite and kind. Definitely try and get a table here if you're in the area!We waited for about 45 minutes to an hour for a table. When we were seated the waitstaff was very attentive. The menu was good and we were excited about the food. When it all arrived, it was cold. The supposedly famous biscuits were hard. The poached eggs were more hard boiled. Way over rated. Bill for 6 people was $110.00.Been here several times now, usually with out-of-town guests. Which is ideal because we get to impress them with some local cuisine and treat ourselves to the next thing on the menu. It's one of those places where it's tough to decide between the thing you had last time and something you haven't tried yet. But you can't lose either way. 
They also have one of the best bloodies in town; but again, trying to decide between that and a powerful Irish coffee or delicious mimosa can be a challenge.
Atmosphere is casual and nice, and the service is always excellent.
So don't be put off by the waiting list -  and yes, you can order drinks while you wait.Had the blt, omelette and the Mimosa.....all were excellent! Great service, even better food.  Definitely worth the effort to visit.Their marscapone cheese grits with beef debris and kale is probably the most perfect brunch dish ever in the history of brunch. The strong black coffee with chicory is always a winner. I, personally, think their bloody Mary is boring and plebeian- no spice here, ladies and gents. (Go to Muriel's and shell out the bucks for the bloody goodness over there, ya heard me?) Their bacon is really good but not as good as the bacon at Satsuma. Still... debris... mmmmmmfffmmm... NOMWe love this Cafe.  Mimosa is outstanding and can't go wrong brunch selections.  Get the peacemaker eggs Benedict with a side of pig candy bacon.  They always have interesting specials to tempt you.  A must go if in the NOLA area.Ruby Slipper is definitely one of my favorite weekend breakfast spots. I've never had a bad experience here. I love the rosemary potatoes and the omelets. The only down side is the wait but it's not too bad you can always grab a drink from the bar. I hear the Bloody Mary's are goodOur AirBnB host recommended this restaurant. Long wait but totally worthed. Amazing food.Loved everything about it! Their food is simply delicious- everyone in my group licked their plates clean which hardly ever happens in my family. My Banana Fosters french toast tasted like heaven! I will try to recreate this at home, but I already know I will come short! 
Definitely an awesome spot! I love how it is a New Orleans specific restaurant- that is just such a great concept and makes that place so special. But I would be simply ECSTATIC if they ever decided to expand to other place (ahem: St. Louis/Chicago).Awesome breakfast. Quality, variety, and service are all great, every time I go. The Bloody Mary's are great with breakfast and while waiting as well!I live in the neighborhood, and the owners did a fantastic post-Katrina renovation of a corner store that was an eyesore for years.  Now, this spot is such a neighborhood asset.  Yes, you may have to wait for a table on the weekends.  Just go early and order a mimosa while you wait.  I usually get the basic breakfast with poached eggs and ham.  I would normally order bacon, but they give you a thick, flavorful ham steak.  Lunch is also good, particularly the soup of the day and the salads.  They made one of the best cups of chili that I've ever had.  Kid-friendly.The only reason they're not getting a 3 is because their food was INCREDIBLE. I feel like I overpaid for the portion size, but I'll be damned if it wasn't amazing. Also, best Bloody Mary I've ever had. If it weren't for the food and the drink, it would've gotten a 3.Waiting thirty minutes to get a table for Sunday brunch (hey it's what you expect on a Sunday no big deal); then waited an hour to get our food which tasted like it sat under the head lamp for that long , had some mix and match benedicts: eggs were way over cooked, fried chicken was soggy, under seasoned, and had no love in it. This place is packed all the time and maybe we just hit them on a bad day, but in a city filled with amazing food, I recommend you go else where.Place had great food,  but there was a significant wait before being seated. There appeared to be empty tables but a lack of staff.  I will check in ahead of time the next time I visit the NO.I have ordered many an omelet in my time but the omelet at the Ruby Slipper was by far the best one I have ever tasted. The ingredients were distributed evenly and the eggs cooked to perfection. The grits were creamy and good also. The service was quick and on point!!  I could have eaten here everyday. I only wish it had been my first stop.  AND that Raspberry Mimosa...um I'm good.We have visited New Orleans a number of times. Usually we stay in The Quarter. This time we stayed in The Garden District. A friend recommended this place for brunch and let me tell you that it did not disappoint! It all started when we walked in the door. For our group of 6 it was going to be a 45 minute wait. We decided to order some drinks at the bar. That's when we met Thomas. The guy behind the bar. He was simply amazing. Asked us how many there were and if we would like to sit at the bar instead of waiting. He knew that a group of people where about to leave. We sat down and looked at the menu. It all sounded so good. One ordered the Shrimp Boogaloo Benedict another ordered The Southern Breakfast, The Peacemaker, Costa Rican, Brioche French Toast, and The Southern BLT. Let's just say we all left a little heavier and very much satisfied. Could not have asked for a better experience! We will def be coming back! Thank You to the staff and especially Thomas for making our first visit one to remember!My son has a peanut allergy and the waitress made sure she asked the kitchen prior to me ordering where they cooked items with peanuts to avoid cross contamination. She informed me that they do have pancakes with peanuts and they are all cooked on the same griddle. She then informed me that the fryer is peanut free and she recommended the French toast, which was delicious. I was very happy with my experience and for them to go out of their way to accommodate us.Friendly staff, casual atmosphere, fast service, excellent food and drinks. One of the best lunches I've had the pleasure of eating.I wish I could give separate reviews for the food and the service! The food was amazing I give it 5 stars! The service was a 2! Now if the waitress didn't lie straight to our face this would be an ok review! We waited for our for about an hour and 40 mins! When we asked the waitress what was the issue she said the kitchen was backed up and something about our French toast which was kind of reasonable cause it was Essence weekend... Then the manager came out and said she forgot to place our order that's when it went all downhill! Really why lie? Being honest can get you far! If she would have said I'm sorry I forgot to place the order I was really busy I could have accepted that answer better! They did take care part of the bill... Just be honest people understand human error especially during a busy time!!Looking at the reviews I had high expectations of this place. The service got an A+++++ though because everyone was really friendly even tho they were busy. It was the food that I wasn't really feeling. I ordered shrimp and grits and the grits were not smooth at all. It was very bland and the shrimp tasted and looked like they were frozen and heated up. Excellent service, but a D for the food.The smoked salmon omelette and the service here always make Ruby Slipper a great call for brunch!We ventured out in the pouring rain from Cindy on the last full day in NO. Most places were not crowded because of the storm so I was surprised by the wait, not because they were slow but because of the crowd. It moved fairly quickly and service was great. The only down side was the maintenance to the fire alarm resulted in a loud annoying start to our meal. I had the pig sandwich (or something like that). The candy bacon...yummy! My husband had a full breakfast. We were both happy with our meals. Except for our dessert at sucre, this was our favorite NO meal. It is, however,  not a quiet place to enjoy breakfast. If that is what you are looking for go elsewhere.3.25/5 solid neighborhood option
i really like this group. and i'm really happy to have a "casual" option next to coquette - lord knows i love breakfast but won't scramble my own eggs. anyways - you'll find the usual standards, including the good service! i was suprised when i stopped by on a sunday morning with a coworker that we were seated immediately, and then after ordering our food was out in maybe under 10 minutes. now i also did think, however, the it could have been a little warmer - so not sure what happened here. the corned beef special i got (was approaching st. patrick's) was meh, but otherwise i like what you can choose from.
hope they get more business to bring them back to the usual flow.I got the salmon Bene and the shrimp one. Both were delicious. The Bloody Mary was okay, but not my favorite. This was our first time being here and overall I was impressed with the food. But our server Wednesday am, a gentleman wasn't very attentive. And, made my friend sit outside and chug her 20 oz coffee because she "couldn't have it inside". I get the rule, but it was disappointing.Eh, I really wanted to believe the hype. I missed this my first trip to NOLA  and was happy I could make it the second time around. First, extra point for using the no wait app especially for such a busy restaurant. We chose this location because the wait was shorter. We arrived and still had to wait about 10 min, which was not that bad.
The food choices seemed so good, it was hard for us to even decide. I was feeling more lunchy and opted for their Rueben.
Unfortunately we all were not exactly thrilled with our food. 
My Rueben was just ok. The cole slow was a little dry, which made the whole sandwich dry. I asked for extra of whatever the sauce was ( a creole sour cream) which was brought out half way through my meal :/ the fries were good. The rest of my parties food was disappointing. Eggs not cooked correctly, food flavor lacking , meal not meeting expectations. Looked nice, but not great. Just all around turned us off. Maybe it was this location? 
I might try the main locations another time but definitely will probably try a whole different restaurant next time.Haven't had a bad experience at Ruby Slipper!! Phenomenal maple bacon pancakes. Also the chicken st. charles is the best! All of the cocktails are great, the brandy milk punch is some sort of special though. The only thing is that you can't make reservations. So if you show up without using the "no wait" app, be ready to wait two hours.Requested to be put on the waistlines from yelp said 30 minute wait and they cancelled my reservation.  Would not let you reserve from here. Showed up at the restaurant anyway and the wait was 1 1/2 hours. I guess they have enough business.Staff was quick and courteous. Killer buttermilk biscuits. Thick sliced bacon, and the best corned beef hash I've ever had! This isn't the diced and ground up stuff. It has good thick pieces of corned beef, finger tip sized pieces of potatoes and onions. If you're in NOLA make this a definite breakfast stop.The breakfast we had was delicious! There are a lot of options for eggs Benedict and I got the option that allows you to choose two different ones. Highly recommend the one with pulled pork! So good that I'll be going back again before heading back home from vacation!Average food, venue, service. Agree with other reviewers that the parking is atrocious on this particular area of magazine (Starbucks, Coquette, Smoothie King customers gotta park, too). The wait is insane; get there about 45 minutes before you want to eat.Great place for brunch, serving sizes are HUGE! Almost too big, I don't think I ever could finish my meal. French toast batons are great, breakfast staples like eggs bacon etc are good also but then again that's hard to mess up. My only reason for docking it 1 Star is due to how loud the restaurant can be and how long the wait time is. But the food is great.Awesome Food!!!
Great atmosphere and the service was outstanding.
A must if you're visiting New Orleans.The pulled pork and fried chicken Benedict was absolutely amazing! You must try the candied bacon, and the bloody Mary's too!!If you can get up in time for breakfast this is the place to go. It is just off Canal Street, close to the French quarter. The cinnamon swirl pancakes were a great treat, drinks were great and service was amazing. Make sure you 'get in line' with the NoWait app. The lines are long!The food was amazing! Biscuits were flakey and the eggs Benedict was the best I've ever had, specifically the salmon and the BLT! The service was cool, timely and professional. I would definitely go back!I really enjoyed my eggs Benedict! I ordered the st. Charles Benedict was wonderful! I also tried the ruby slipper specialty drink it's like a mimosa but with pomegranate and orange juice. Very refreshing!Just had breakfast here today and had the worst server and service I've experienced in a long time. Our waiter guy barely greeted us, did not describe the menu or offer recommendations for us first-timers to the Ruby Red Slipper - he did not talk to us really at all. When we ordered I was confused by a part of the menu and the waiter did not clairify it and instead screwed me over and charged me way more than I was originally thinking. My breakfast cost $22 which is absolutely absurd. My friend just wanted a simple bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich and the waiter seemed super annoyed by the request. He also brought her out the wrong order in the end with the wrong cheese and wrong toppings. And charged her for the more expensive option that she didn't want! Plus when I asked if the hot coffee included free refills the waiter mumbled the answer and then never asked if we wanted refills and never brought around the pot. We then had to get up and go find another waiter to refill our cup of coffee. So ridiculous. Our waiter never asked how our food was and never checked in with us throughout the entire experience. The food was good - thank goodness for what we had to just go through. But not $22 good. Will not ever be returning.Great brunch spot, lots of drink options like mimosas and bloody Mary's. We had quite the wait for a table for 4 people at about 10am, then they had put our cell number in wrong so didn't contact the right number when our table was ready. We ended up waiting an hour for a table, and it wasn't all that busy. The fresh OJ was good, not the best I've had. Food was decent but not the best. I had the Costa Rican breakfast. The salsa didn't have the best flavor. Shrimp and grits was mediocre. Nice spot for a casual brunch and good for groups. It's very loud inside and the air was blasting so we were freezing. Overall not the best experience due to the wait and table mixup, but a decent spot if you have time to kill.I love this place. The food was good, the service was great and all the staff was very friendly. I used the Yelp app to reserve and by the time we arrived, we were seated right away.
The prices were good as well. I plan to try the other Ruby Slipper locations on my next visit.Inattentive staff...which I can usually dismiss if the food is fantastic. I didn't finish my meal, got a to-go box and accidentally left it on the table. I immediately walked back in to grab it and they had already thrown it out. The manager was not accommodating at all...or even understanding. This is a factory restaurant. They only care about turning tables over; not their food or their service.Amazing!!! If you are ever in New Orleans try this place. I went for brunch. Add yourself to the waitlist through the yelp app because they get very busy. I got the peacemaker because I couldn't choose between their signature Benedict dishes. I got on eggs Blackstone and the other was the hot-smoked salmon Bennie. It was so good. My fiancé got the bananas foster. It was awesome. Definitely going back!!! Customer service was a plus as well!!!My 1st time here and I loved it. The service was a lil slow, but I'm going to charge that to it being All Star Weekend and Mardi Gras. I will be back!Ruby Slipper is becoming something of a chain these days with more and more locations in New Orleans and further afield. They've done phenomenally well for themselves and their expansion hasn't really affected the quality of their food or their service.
Good for a post-celebration brunch or when you have people in town. This location on magazine street is well placed for some of the more common tourist destinations and is a good first recommendation for visitors to start their day. 
The decor is much more utilitarian than the original location - open floor plan, big diner. It does lose some of the homey feel of some of their other locations. The food and service remain excellent and the coffee is French Truck, or at least it was when I was there which is the best in town. 
The reservation system through yelp works brilliant as well which can help with navigating the mid morning brunch rush.Food looks great, but is bland, boring, overpriced, and underwhelming. It is as if they saw pictures of a really great brunch and tried to replicate it without knowing what the ingredients were. There are significantly better brunch spots all throughout New Orleans that are worth your time and money. And, don't believe the hype about their bloody Mary, it's just OK, their fried green tomatoes, and which are underseasoned and over fried, or their biscuits, which are not flaky, not pillowy, and are disturbingly dry.Are you Looking for amazing food and great brunch drinks?  Best place in Uptown hands down.  If you have not been here put it on the list for sure. All food is by scratch and top notch.  Service is friendly and atmosphere comfortable.Great location for breakfast. Good portions and quality ingredients. The bacon bloodymary's are awesome.The first time I was here was so memorable that I had to try it again to see if it was as good as I remembered, and it most definitely was! The food is fantastic! On top of that, our waitress was so personable and attentive without being overly intrusive, and the entire establishment was highly efficient, as evidenced by the fact that we waited less than 20 minutes for a table, despite lines out the door and received our food in a similar amount of time. I would highly recommend this place to anyone, and am looking forward to my next visit!The Best Benedict ever... Try the shrimp and smoked salmon combination. I can go back to Nawlin just for thisThe food is unique and good! It is always hot and prepared exactly as ordered! It is very kid friendly and has something for every personality! The big open windows on Magazine street give you a real New Orleans feel! 
The staff is always quick to offer new and exciting items to try and in true New Orleans fashion a drink to pair it with!The service is great but the breakfast is less than ok.  The scrambled eggs were hardly scrambled and the fried green tomatoes had no flavor at all. The biscuits were flavorful but way too dense.  Overall, I gave 3 stars because the eggs were bad and eggs should be easy.I ordered the bananas fosters pain perdu with chicken sausage and it was great! I also had the mimosa (which was huge) and it was good. Our server (Chadwick) was attentive and gave great suggestions. So glad this place was recommended by friends. Any time I'm in NO I'm stopping by.Super cute! We were a party of 10 and walked up on a busy Saturday morning. The hostess was so friendly and said that since our whole party was present she would get us in. We didn't have to wait long at all, and the best part is they serve drinks outside while you wait :) 
Food was great!This place was just ok. Drinks were great, food was lacking. I got the Peacemaker - cochon and corned beef. The cochon eggs Benedict was good, the corned beef didn't have any corned beef on it - just 2 shreds of meat and potatoes. The hollandaise sauce on both was lacking - maybe no lemon?, tasted more like mayo.By far the best breakfast recommendation on a travel weekend I have ever tried to date.  So where to start!  O yeah the mimosa's,  nothing better after a long night and not wanting to feel the repercussions of the fun had!  So on to the food it has the great creole New Orleans flare!  The pancakes and French toast are on point and are great southern breakfast.   To move on to the New Orleans flare it is wrapped up in 3 dishes.  Eggs Cochon, Chicken St. Charles, BBQ shrimp and Grits.   Or better yet the The Trifecta or The peacemaker.  You cannot go wrong with any of them according to my friends who I have introduced to this in our travels to the Big Easy!  This is a great place and been on the list to visit each time I am in town since the lovely local recommendation over a year ago!Amazing breakfast place!! You must try the special oysters Benedict! The eggs were cooked to perfection, the hollandaise was perfectly made and I want more!!! Breakfast potatoes were just ok, I would prefer them to be warmer and more seasoned. Some of the potatoes were black and not even crispy. Overall great place.Endroit sympa. Excellent breakfast. Plats très copieux. Les pancakes sont excellents et xxl. Serveuse super sympa qui a reconnu lors de notre deuxième passage quelques jours après dans ce restaurant.This place had THE BEST eggs Benedict I've ever had. I got "The Trifecta" which features their shrimp eggs Benedict, chicken eggs Benedict, and the pork eggs Benedict. The chicken was definitely the best and honestly to die for, with the pork being a close second. It's a must try! The shrimp I could've done without, but there was nothing wrong with it! Just not of my taste for brunch. 
We also ate a BYO omelet which was pretty good! We loaded it up with every kind of meat which was good, but just a little too much for me. That was my friends order.. lol. The potatoes that came with it were crunchy and good too!
To finish we had the stuffed French toast! They were featuring salted caramel and it was a perfect dessert still with a taste of brunch. 
I would definitely recommend this place but I would warn that it is very crowded and loud! The loudness didn't really bother me, but I was almost getting claustrophobic because of how close I was to other people eating out. Maybe 3-4 deer between you and table next to you. I'll be back regardless of that, just a forewarning!Service and food was amazing! We didn't have any wait since we got there around 1:45. We ordered the bread pudding pancakes and the chicken salad sandwich. OMG these were the most delicious pancakes I've ever had. They were sweet but not overly sweet. I'll definitely be back!Went for Sunday brunch with a friend who was visiting from out of town. In addition to being Sunday, it was raining cats and dogs outside, so the place was absolutely PACKED. We stood and waited for nearly ten minutes *just* to put our names on the wait list! I can't really fault the restaurant for their popularity, so I won't count that against them (if anything, it's a testament to the quality of food and service.) Just as we stepped up to the host stand to put our names down, two seats opened up at the bar. We immediately snatched them up and were served after only a few minutes, despite the bar being extremely busy. The bartenders were friendly and attentive, and the servers as well. We got our food pretty fast and it was tasty, though I'm not ready to call it the best brunch I've ever had in my life. I'll definitely be back (hopefully on a less crowded day!)!I wanted to love this place passionately - I wanted it to be the quintessential New Orleans Brunch Experience.  They have a GREAT story of recovery and rebirth in a post-Katrina NOLA - and they make great food!  
Seriously - their food is EXCELLENT.  I had Eggs Blackstone and they were better than any eggs I've had during this whole trip. One daughter had Shrimp and Grits, which she had craved for a long time - and she LOVED it.  The shrimp were large and tender, and the dish was rich and tasty, just like you want it to be.
I can't recall what the other daughters had but it was also wonderful to get a LARGE cup of coffee.  This seems rare in New Orleans, and I enjoyed being able to get the sweetness/milkiness ratio right and enjoy it.
But the atmosphere in this uptown location was a bit sterile.  It didn't feel warm and cozy ... it was clean, certainly, and comfortable but ... just not charming.  It was pretty crowded for a Monday morning at 10:30 - I was surprised.  If we had to wait, I doubt I would have done it - we'd have just gone someplace else.
Our waiter was fine - the food was good - and we were in the neighborhood, so this was really good for us, and we'd go back if we find ourselves here again.Probably one of the best brunches I have ever had. The Benedict's were delicious and very filling. We also both got a mimosa. They were large and quite tasty. Service was also superb given the fact the place was slammed. A must see for all the brunch lovers out there. The world is a better place because of eateries like Ruby Slipper Cafe!Great little breakfast spot. Loved the Bloody Mary and spiked iced coffee. Breakfast was pretty good tooThis is the second time I've visited this location. Both visits definitely had pros and cons. 
My first visit there, the food was all very delicious-particularly the Bam Bam biscuit- but the service was horrible. Our waitress was so rude, it was unbelievable. My parents and I were just sitting talking for a little bit after eating and the waitress said, "Can I get y'all anything else because there are people waiting?" In a city centered around hospitality, that was the least hospitable thing she could have said to us.
My second visit there, the service was remarkably better. My husband and I sat at the bar. The bartenders were all so friendly and we got our food very quickly. We enjoyed sitting at the bar. However, the food left a little to be desired. My husband ordered the Migas breakfast and the chips were very stale. I had the catfish & grits- catfish was great, but the grits were very plain. 
I'll definitely come back, but I'll probably try another dish and hope for good service like we had the second visit!I have heard from multiple locals that the Ruby Slipper Cafe is one of the best places in New Orleans for breakfast/brunch.  Cute place inside.  Wait can get really long, so come early or bring a book to read or a friend to chat with.  You can also order a drink at the bar and take it outside which is what me and my friend did.  They have multiple benny options and they even have an option where you can try two halves of different Benny's which is cool because there were a lot that sounded delicious.  My meal did not disappoint.  Place is a little small and "cozy" we will say.  Service was good.  Would definitely consider coming back.  Just wish the prices were a little lower, but they are essentially pretty average for a lot of New Orleans places.My husband and I went to the newest Ruby Slipper location for breakfast this morning and it was delicious.  I am so glad they finally opened one Uptown.  The location is perfect and they have a nice parking lot.  I had the Eggs Cochon and my husband had the Migas.  Great portion sizes for the price and really tasty.  The staff were super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu which was a surprise since they just opened.  To chase our food down, we had their signature mimosas.  All in all, I say keep up the good work Ruby Slipper, we love your food and are so glad you've decided be Uptown.  Welcome to the neighborhood!We ate breakfast at this joint everyday for the entire 6 day vacation. The slogan? You can't drink all day if you don't start in the morning! Awesome bloody Mary's and mimosas to get you started alongside an awesome
Breakfast or brunch. I tried various menu items over the days and was never disappointed. The hostess recognized is from the days before and was extremely friendly. Overall great experience every single time.Great Breakfast , there's always a line but it moves pretty quick plus you can do mobile check in so you can add your name to the list in advance. There's also a really cute boutique hotel that's connected to the restaurant by the restrooms that I like to sit and wait for my name to be called and take selfies.Got into this location on Saturday morning with no problem. Whereas the one in CBD had a 45 min wait. Quick service and delicious food. We had the huevos rancheros and peacemaker with the corned beef benedict and shrimp benedict. Everything was good. Only drawbacks were that parts of the corned beef was more like beef jerky and the place was extremely loud. Sound panels would help a lot. Overall, we enjoyed our meal and all the food we saw around us looks great too. Great breakfast option.My friends and I came here on our recent trip to New Orleans. One of our Lyft drivers told us the BBQ Shrimp and grits was their best dish, so we had to check it out.
We all ordered the BBQ Shrimp and Grits. The shrimp had a good BBQ flavor taste and had the perfect shrimp texture. It was my first time having grits, so I don't know what to compare it to, but they were good, especially when mixed with the BBQ sauce that fell off the shrimp. 
The plate was also was accompanied by a biscuit and a special made butter that was mixed with cane sugar. The biscuit was warm, flakey on the outside, soft on the inside - perfection! But the butter - oh my! Unlike anything I've ever tasted! We kept ordering more for the biscuits! 
We also shared an order of these biscuits - one set was topped off with pork and the other with fried chicken, each topped off with a poached egg. Both were part of their signature plates. So we had to at least try it! Man o man! Delicious!
The customer service was on point! Loved our server, she was really nice and helpful! 
We wanted to stop by again before the end of our trip, but we didn't get a chance to...next time!So maybe my mistake was going here on a Sunday around lunch. But it was so crowded and so very loud. Eventually I was seated at a table in the back and still really loud. 
The menu is interesting and has a lot of variety. I got the Southern Breakfast and passed both the bacon and eventually the fried green tomato over to my cousin. The green tomato was just too thick and too greasy for me. The grits were good and the eggs were meh. I did enjoy my biscuit.
Our server was friendly but not around too much... mostly because they seemed to be serving a billion tables at once. The table next to us were jonesing for a 2nd breakfast drink and had to flag someone down to order it.
I do like that you can be put on waiting list before you arrive so that's a plus. Maybe on a less hectic day, I would enjoy it more.Eggs Benedict Cochon - the best I have ever had!  They make a good Bloody Mary as well.Food was excellent! Service was great! Super crowded, used the NoWait app which was a lifesaver. Bloody Mary's were delish! Ordered the salmon bene and split the cinnamon swirl pancakes with my husband.... sooooo good!!! Glad we went!Love the Bloody Mary with bacon!  Yum yum.... chicken & shrimp Benedict was great also.The food was great, a lot of different types of Eggs Benedicts. I tried their reuban which was really good. Other than food, while you wait a waiter or waitress will come by and ask if you need drinks while you are waiting to be seated. If you going during peak lunch hours don't be surprised to wait an hour to be seated.Terrible experience. The hostess lied and said she did not seat someone before us, and she did, witnessed with my own eyes, as she told the people she seated - "don't worry about it, I'm going to get you seated". Then to find out, she's friends with the people she seated ahead of us that showed up after us. 
Additionally, I ordered the cinnamon sugar french toast. I let the waiter know that it was too sweet for my liking and he could take it away, so I ordered some pancakes. NEVER, did I ask them to take it off of my ticket. So, the manager comes and asks me "what did I expect of cinnamon sugar french toast?"... my response, "is there a problem, because I NEVER asked you to take it off of my ticket".. I simply said it was too sweet for MY liking and ordered something else.
Terrible experience from start to finish.Was told about this uptown location by a friend. Went on a Thursday about 11 am no line and absolutely no wait time. Very Friendly atmosphere. Once seated waitress was a bit long in taking our drink orders. My boyfriend had the shrimp and grits which he said was Amazing. I had a grits and eggs with pancakes very tasty. The waitress took long to clear the dishes from the table and bring us our ticket. But overall it was a nice place for Brunch !!It's been two years since I've been back and The Ruby Slipper did not disappoint. I got the Cinnamon Swirl Pancakes , and bacon which I definitely recommend. My friend got the Southern Breakfast and subbed coffee glazed ham for the bacon and said it was amazing! Their biscuits are huge and incredible as well! If you are a coffee person, you will love their coffee which is from the French Truck Coffee on Magazine Street! Definitely recommend checking this spot out for brunch!My friend had the salmon Bennie and I had a dish called Migas, both were delicious! The salmon was great quality and the migas was full of flavor. Service was exceptional and prompt. Although we came for brunch on a Sunday (an extremely busy time) the wait was only 15 minutes and we were able to sip on Bellinis & Mimosas (also delicious... and strong ) while we waited. I used a coupon available through yelp which was great, however the price was extremely reasonable without it. I will definitely be coming back! My top recommendation for brunch in Magazine Street!I'm one of those horrible people that use Yelp to check out other people's reviews, but rarely contributes with a review of my own (I know, I know!). But food in this place was just so amazing that I have to comment! It was a bit of a wait to get a table, but totally worth it! 
A friend of mine and I had eggs benedict (Smoked Salmon Brennie for her and Eggs Cochon with pulled pork for me) and split the Stuffed French toast of the day that was filled with cream cheese and toffee. Simply ah-ma-zing! 
Add to that a large glass of mimosa and a very pleasant servant called Flintsey (I probably massacred her name, sorry!), the entire experience was just eggcellent! :-)Ruby Slipper is one of my favorite places in the city for breakfast, lately the location on Magazine has been a real disappointment. No fish, no shrimp why are you open?????? This is the second time within a month.Good breakfast spot. Biscuits are huge. Servers not too attentive, though. Second time eating here.This place used to be a good place to go. I've been coming since it's opened. I've ordered different things multiple times. It was good before, but I went today with a friend and we both had an awful experience. 
We both got peach Bellini's. They came out and looked funky. They also tasted funky and didn't taste right. I asked about them and apparently the bartender forgot to put in the peach schnapps. They didn't inform us at all.
The salmon omelette tasted synthetic. The fruit cup also was just so sad. It looked like all rotted fruit. 
The shrimp and grits tasted like frozen shrimp. 
The busboy was actually our waiter, and when I complained, he blew it off and the manager never came over. I was also charged for the bellini's, which we sent back and got bloody Mary's but those were also very watered down. 
I am never going back here again. If I could give 0 stars. Awful. Do not go here.Dependably mediocre. I've visited 4 times, and each time something goes wrong. Incorrect orders are delivered, it takes 40 minutes to get food, or the food doesn't match the menu offering. I would visit the other locations over this one in a heartbeat.This place is a gem, hand crafted Bloody Mary was excellent!! The food was outstanding. I only had one problem,everything that came out looked to good to resist. The service was very good you must see Michelle when you visit she is a great servicer and very well versed on the menu. There are four Ruby Slipper's in New Orleans but this one just opened in the garden district. Take the hop on hop off tour they will drop you off almost at the front door and you will beat the lines!The wait killed me but the food was worth it.
The mimosas will sneak up on you. You must try the biscuits here, they  have this butter that you put on it that fits and makes it that much better.I've been wanting to try this place forever after hearing really good things and finally got the chance! Our wait was quite shorter than I expected. The food was delicious and the portion size very good for the cost.A good spot for breakfasts. Apparently a chain but still good. Roxanne was our server and she was delightful. 
I got the combo half corned beef "Benedict" with some sort of mayonnaise like sauce and half fried chicken biscuit with a bacon gravy instead of hollandaise. I would have preferred the chicken to have syrup or be given the option and I would have preferred the corned beef to have a traditional hollandaise. The corned beef sauce tasted too much like mayonnaise whatever it was. That would have gotten this place 5 stars. 
Also the coffee was burned but we did cone in at 1130 so maybe it was this morning's pot. 
My husband got the special, a burrito. He said it was good. No remarks. Lol. 
All in all a nice, clean, large spacious diner within walking distance to the mansions of the garden district and the cemetery.We visited the restaurant on Magazine St. And we were blown away by the goodness they sell here. We had. The southern breakfast and everything was delicious; the eggs were light and fluffy, the biscuit was large and it was just as light. I had the ham it was flavorful; my spouse had the link sausage it was tasty.
You don't have to go on Bourbon street to have a great meal!
The space was beautiful; the staff was just as nice. They let us in a few minutes early! The cook is very skilled! Don't let the cook go!!!!This was our first time going to this location. The parking is horrible unfortunately with it being located on Magazine street which is expected. The wait wasn't too long. The vibe is different from the Mid-City (Broad St) location. But the food was just as delicious and tasty. We will go here if the Broad Street location is overly packed.Loved the BBQ shrimp and grits! Yum! I liked this location better than the inner French quarter one. Quiet and pleasant.  It's close by Lafayette cemetery 1 for a hallowed stroll and then took a stroll down St Charles.I absolutely love this location, went with a coworker after work this morning absolutely no wait which was perfect. Downfall is parking as the big parking lot adjacent to the building has a sign saying for SAKE CAFE only . The food was good i hat the peacemaker Benedict one fried chicken and the other one was Shrimp which was my favorite.  The berry mimosa was good as well very large. It's pricey tho my whole meal was $31 thats a bit high for breakfast. But this location has a really good feel to it, really nice inside and my waitress was very attentive.Ruby Slipper was pretty good. The food was tasty and our server was very nice. She helped recommend a few things, too. My rating is based on the man who sat us. 
We are from out of state, heard good things about this restaurant from my brother who had been here, so we gave it a try. Half of our group went ahead and got a big enough table and had already ordered. When the second half of our group showed up, the man refused to let us sit together saying the area were our family was, was "already closed". He would let us sit two tables away, and even offered to move the first half of the group to a different table to sit us all together. He was very rude and quite honestly am as*hole about it. That alone made us not want to go back again. Don't get me wrong, the roof was good, but that man ruined our experience there.Just okay. The last time I was here the food was SLAMMING. This time it was just alright, nothing I couldn't whip up in my own kitchen while half asleep. I wonder if having so many locations now is to blame. Either way there was still a huge crowd waiting to sit and eat.The service is great but the breakfast is less than ok.  The scrambled eggs were hardly scrambled and the fried green tomatoes had no flavor at all. The biscuits were flavorful but way too dense.  Overall, I gave 3 stars because the eggs were bad and eggs should be
UPDATED: Although my last visit wasn't the best experience, I will continue to visit Ruby Slipper because the servers are the best in New Orleans and those mimosas insane!  I just won't order the eggs.Went here everyday for breakfast while on a weekend trip to NOLA! Fantastic! The eggs benedict was delicious, and you can mix and match different meats.  I also had a pancake sampler one day, with a pecan pancake, oreo pancake, and cinnamon sugar/roll pancake.  Went as a party of 6 and everyone enjoyed.  The sevice was great too, especially considering how busy the place is.  I used an app (called nowait I think? - They list it on their website) so we didn't have to wait in line to get a table -- I highly recommend using the app, because each day the wait was 90+ minutes otherwise.Last Friday i had brunch here for the 1st time and it was fantastic. I have heard of this place before but was glad i decided to try it- there was a long wait but it was well worth it - definitely will be back again!Listen up EVERYONE!!! This food, this service this place is everything!!! It doesn't cost a lot and it's damn good. I'm coming back tomorrow!!! So much food I couldn't finish it all. When in New Orleans please make your way here!!! It is a must!!!The Ruby Slipper is a STAPLE of NoLa. I will easily be back the next time I am around. The Bloody Mary's are amazing, the Benedict's will knock your socks off. This place is usually pretty booming so get here early or use nowait or bribe your way in. Really just do what you gatta do to eat their food, it is worth it!Nothing to hate about this place- food is excellent and tasty with reasonable prices. The only downside is when we asked our waiter what gluten free options were available, he had no idea what we were talking about.  A bit unsettling but definitely check it out! Great food!Almost tripped on the floor. Food is ok, but a bit overpriced for brunch (12-15 for main dishes). Service was average, but suggested tip 18-25% is too highMust have the bloody mary at all costs. We accompanied them with two of their best dishes... the smoked salmon eggs benedicts over biscuits and their migas. Not to mention the yummy french toast. All in all a good brunch.For an hour and a half long wait, I expected something pretty exceptional. My family and I were on a weekend trip to New Orleans, and this location was close to our hotel. Since I had been to other Ruby Slippers and liked them, we decided to try this location. 
As mentioned above, the wait was about an hour and a half for 4 people. Once seated, it took about 10 minutes for the server to even have time to pay attention to us, and then another 30 minutes for the food. Definitely very understaffed. This could have all been forgiven if the food was great, but sadly, it wasn't. We tried the Eggs Creole, he Trifecta, the Salmon Bennie, and the BBQ Shrimp and grits. Everything was very heavily sauced to cover up the lack of flavor in the underlying food. Even my mimosa was less than impressive. Overall quite a disappointing experience.This is my third trip to a Ruby Slipper in New Orleans-- this location is new and the crowds have not found it yet!  It is clean and cute-- great service, impeccable food.  The bananas foster French toast is amazing but the biscuits with cane syrup is also out of this world. Do not miss a trip to The Ruby Slipper in New OrleansOne of the best breakfasts I've had. Ordered the Benedict medley and banana fosters French toast to split. Two of us ate everything bite.My partner and I sat at the bar, which normally means a diminished experience, but this was the opposite. The bartender, Jackie, made this an exceptional and memorable meal from beginning to end. She took our orders in a friendly way, chatting with us the whole time and making us feel like we were at her home. She was the right balance of attentive and helpful. Can't recommend her service enough, she was a highlight, only rivalled by the food. I had the Pancake Flight, which came with bacon. My partner had the Trifecta of Eggs Benedict, which were scrumptious - pulled pork, shrimp and fried chicken sat atop 3 fluffy biscuits. Would definitely return, if only for the staff and guarantee that I'd leave stuffed.I ate here several times during the week we were in New Orleans. One of the best meals I had all week was the Grilled Fish St. Peter. Brandy milk punch is divine and size is generous. The mango stuffed French toast was incredibly good. Hubby said bloody Marys were perfect.Very interesting brunch menu of local creative cuisine. Well prepared. Delicious eggs benedict. Nice service.Great place to eat breakfast! Food was delicious! Not too bad of a wait if you arrive before 9.  I had the peacemaker and it was great!Busy to say the least but, service was good, very friendly. The wait was worth the rewards. Food was excellent. The wife and I enjoyed it very much.Really good food. The eggs Benedict menu is very creative. They even let you mix and match which saved me from having to make a tough decision. The hot smoked salmon Benedict was excellent. The salmon was delicious. The corned beef has Benedict was also delicious. Both are served over biscuits which is a much change of pace. Hollandaise is good by not great. I will be back.My sister told us about this place so when we came to NOLA we couldn't pass it up!! We ran in the Saints 5K and went after. It was defiantly worth my sisters raves and review!! I got the Peacemaker - you can get any 2 Benedicts on the menu. I got the fried chicken and shrimp. While they we're both good, the fried chicken was amazing!! My mom and boyfriend both loved their French toast!! Defiantly one I would highly recommended, a little pricey but soooo worth it!! I'd go back for sure!!This place was wicked cute and clean. The staff were polite and friendly. I ordered a TexMex omelet, I think that's what it was called. It was delicious as were the potatoes and the biscuit. Oh that biscuit was yummy. We also had mimosas which were equally tasty. I'd definitely recommend this place if your in the area.The wait was long but the food and service was good!  The "Southern Breakfast " was official!!! So delicious.  Pancakes so fluffy.   Orange juice was fresh!Awesome pancakes no need for syrup. The wait can be a little long, but good things are worth waiting forExcellent food.  Had the St. Peter's dish. The Peach mimosa is outstanding. Sidewalk cafe allowed for people watching. Gets really packed after 10:00am. Lance was a great waiter.Came here for breakfast on a Saturday morning. We waited approx. 30 mins for a table. While waiting, I tried a cold brew with "vanilla milk". No need to add extra sugar. It was very tasty! Once seated, I ordered one of the daily specials. I believe it was the Creole Eggs Benedict (?). It was a creamy, slightly spicy sauce with chicken, shrimp, and andouille sausage over an open faced biscuit with 2 poached eggs. Overall, it had very good flavor and was huge. My friend and I agreed we could have split it and we're big eaters! I will say that the shrimp was a bit fishy, but it didn't effect the flavor of the sauce, thank goodness. Easy to eat around them. We also ordered the bread pudding pancake, which came with a sugary  "sauce" and white chocolate chips. It was very sweet, no syrup necessary, but delicious as well. We ordered the bacon infused Bloody Marys. Good flavor, not too spicy. My only complaint about this place was that all the food basically came out cold. I didn't complain or send it back because, well, I was starving and didn't want to wait anymore!This place is dynamite. Great food, great service, no wait on the day we were there. Not much else to say. We were very pleased and left full.Just landed and needed some food saw this restaurant on yelp and so glad I did! Jackie at the bar was extremely friendly and suggested the Costa Rican Breakfast. I wish I took a picture before I ate it but it was delicious! Highly recommended. The hostess took my bag and kept it by the hostess desk while I ate at the bar. Would definitely come back here again! Great staff, service and close to Bourbon St. :)Everything we ordered was amazing! The staff runs like a well oiled machine. They are limited on table space so the wait was about an hour on a Saturday at 10am. But the food was well worth the wait. Also really good mimosas and the bacon infused bloody marry was delicious.Jackie our waitress was amazing she actually sat down and talked to us a little bit I mean talk about southern hospitality and the chef Charles came out talk to other little bit we felt so special we love New Orleans we will definitely be back you guys have awesome awesome food this was just all around amazing I'm going to tell everybody I knowExcellent breakfast! We had the bam bam biscuit and the southern breakfast. Everything cooked to perfection. Service is nice, friendly and fast. One of the few places open early at 7am.Good food. Gets knocked one star because biscuits weren't amazing and waiter didn't have much personality. Still will try again.  Worth going too.The apple crisp pancakes were amazing. Friendly staff and great service. Highly recommendedThis brunch was amazing!! Drinks, food and servers are wonderful! Shout out to bartender Teresa! She rocked!Get on the waitlist, it's worth the wait.  We had the Spanish omelet, biscuit, praline pancakes and Ruby Slipper Mimosa.  All excellent choices, staff is good natured, food is fresh.They were pretty busy, but they have a very organized wait system and it was a beautiful morning. It's right on Canal street so there's plenty to keep you entertained while you wait. Once inside I ordered the pancake flight, which was one cinnamon roll, one bacon praline, and one apple crisp pancake. Bacon praline was the winner, hands down, with apple crisp a close second. My husband got the 3 little pigs omelette and it had plenty of meat in it. It was busy, it took a bit to get our bill, but our server was friendly and apologetic. It seems the entire city is also dealing with a boil water advisory so there were some restrictions on drinks.The food is excellent, we had a slight hang up with the waitstaff on who was going to take care of our table but once that was situated our experience was great. They put extra effort into our food and even comped us a meal.  Great experience, I felt bad for the hostess as she had to deal with cranky impatient patrons waiting for a table. Highly recommended!This location is the best kept secret! 
The Ruby Slipper food is phenomenal!!  
Service by Teresa & all the staff are amazing, extremely friendly & helpful!
I highly recommend downloading the NoWait app to get on the Waitlist early (the Magazine Ave cafe as the waitlist can be 1+ hour long or more)!
THIS location is not to be missed!!Friendly staff and delicious coffee. The food itself was ok. A little too much hype if u ask me and some ingredients added were too much in my opinion for my taste. The wait time to me is too long, however the waitlist option on yelp is fantastic!!!! We took advantage and reserved our spot at a further location and walked our wait. It's a franchise and this particular location had no area to wait which was a downside. It was good but not worth an hour wait for sure.Da vi var i New Orleans i begyndelsen af oktober 2018, fandt vi denne morgenmadsrestaurant (naturligvis ved hjælp af (Yelp).
Den ligger tæt ved New  Orleans Marriott, hvilket var praktisk da vi boede der hele ugen. Jeg tror vi spiste på The Ruby Slipper Cafe fem gange. Det var selvfølgelig fordi der var behagelig stemning, afslappet og venlig betjening - og ikke mindst rigtig lækker morgenmad. Der var ganske mange forskellige retter på menuen og vi fik tilsammen prøvet en væsentlig del af dem. 
Prøv en af kædens restauranter hvis du vil have en lokalt inspireret morgenmad med kvalitet og god smag.To beat the wait: get on the waitlist on Yelp beforehand! We were able to show up, check in and get seated. GREAT eggs benedict, delicious drinks and fun service.This location is the best kept secret! 
The Ruby Slipper food is phenomenal!! Service has been amazing, extremely friendly & helpful!
I highly recommend downloading the NoWait app to get on the Waitlist early (especially for the Magazine Ave cafe as the waitlist can be 1+ hour long or more)!
This locatot to be missed!!Our Uber driver recommended The Ruby Slipper so we have it a shot. Glad that we did. This location is newer but closer to our hotel so we stopped in for breakfast. Love the story of their name.
Service was exceptional and the food was great. I got the Bam Bam biscuit which is a fried egg, candied bacon and a fried green tomato on a homemade biscuit. It was very good. I tried the hot latte at the server's recommendation and she was right I loved it. My co-worker got the mix and match eggs Benedict and couldn't even finish it. He bragged on it all morning.
Wish we would've known about this place at the beginning of our visit because we would've eaten here every day.Awesome place. Eggs Cochon and corned beef Benne were very good. Jackie (our waitress) was very attentive and fun.On a cold, wet morning I was searching for breakfast with a NOLA charm and flavor only a short walk from my hotel on Canal St. I opted not to dash into the IHOP just a couple doors down and walked a bit further though I now honestly believe I would have had a better experience at the IHOP 
My "greeting" was colder and less pleasant than the soggy, uncomfortable weather I was coming in from. It's early morning, this place is sparsely populated yet even getting a server to stop and AT LEAST pour a cup of coffee was a challenge. When someone did come by she was only slightly better natured...but still no coffee. She finally came back and took my order for what seemed like one of their special Benedict's, Homemade Cornbeef Hash Bennie, but still no coffee! FINALLY a dear, smiling, delightful young lady delivered my delicious, steaming Vanilla Spiced Latte and I had hope things were improving...wrong!! Though a beautifully presented plate arrived, it was barely lukewarm and upon opening up the poached eggs I found globs of stringy, uncooked egg whites that I scraped off and wrapped into a gooey mess napkin. As I tried to cut a bite of the biscuit bottom it was so hardened a chunk flew across the table. Moving on to the "meat"...so much uncooked, nasty fat pieces throughout the topping was the final straw...terribly disappointed!! When I called it to my servers attention she seemed unfazed and left me my bill. I paid it and went back out into the cold unpleasantness that felt a bit less unwelcoming than where I'd just paid for breakfast. 
AVOID AT SLL COSTS UNLESSIf I could give 10 stars I would. We ate here twice while on vacation. Everything we tried was top notch. Service was great. Food was hot. The mimosas were delicious. Try the bananas fosters French toast or any of the Benedict's. Can't wait to come back to NOLA to eat here again. Come early because they fill up fast!Went here today for brunch because it was close to the Airbnb we were staying at. Breakfast was nothing special, we all got something different and didn't care for it. Not remarkable food.. I would venture somewhere else.Omg the food was amazing I had the Peacemaker Benedict where I chose 2 different types of Benedict's which 1 was Cajun shrimp yummy and the other was smoked salmon. Both served on a soft mouth watering biscuit topped with scrambled eggs. I cannot forget my morning margarita which definitely for my day started. Thank you to our server Terrance he was great helpful and patient with us. This is a must try if you are visiting New OrleansWe visited 10/6 & loved it! We were a group of 6, and only waited about 15 minutes for a table.
Everyone enjoyed their breakfast and drink selections and would definitely recommend. I can't recall our waitress' name but she was from NY and we're from NJ so we had a lot to talk about. She was excellent and so friendly! We wish there was a Ruby Slipper around us to visit at home!First time in NOLA and was very pleased with the Ruby Slipper. Eggs Benedict was delish! Bloody Mary was on of the best I've ever had
...double. Busy, but worth the 30 min wait!Ruby slipper was exactly the southern comfort food we needed after recovery from bourbon street the night before! Huge fan of the Spanish omelet and lattes but it was the biscuit with the special spread that took the cake! Will def return next time I'm in the city!Worth the wait. Both entrées were delicious and the service was excellent. Sadly Yelp's logarithm directed us to the one on the opposite side of Decatur instead of the on two blocks from our lodging. Not a deal breaker but still almost two miles on foot instead of two blocks. Bad Yelp.Great food, great service, fair prices - Mario was a great server and his wit and hunor were and added bonus.   Will be back again for certain!Hearty meals and unique menu options from traditional omelets and pancakes to eclectic grits patties and Benedict options. This is a happening spot for the breakfast guru. From the bacon bloody Mary's to the strawberry streaked mimosas you are sure to leave fulfilled with a taste of the New Orleans culture.TIP!  Check in online to save time.  Use the yelp app and you can save a few minutes. 
We had planned on getting a burger but the bartender strongly suggested the eggs Benedict.  You don't have to get them with poached eggs if you prefer over easy or over medium.  Also they come with biscuits instead of muffins. 
Go with the peacemaker and you get to try two different kinds.  My wife got chicken I got corned beef.  Both were delicious but there's no way we could've eaten two dishes 
Coffee was delicious.  Next time we go we will try the stuffed French toastSeveral reasons why this place gets 3 stars. The 1st one was that they did not honor the wait list time I was there for 30 minutes after I checked in on time from the airlift time. The host was really apologetic but I can't say that makes up for my lost time. We are here on a road trip and every minute counts. When we were sat the waiter helped us out right away for drink the only thing out of the norm was the ruby slipper mimosa and my wife's latte. Both were good drinks but very plain and good on flavor. I ordered the trifecta to get a good taste of 3 different things it included the Cochon  Benedict, a shrimp bugaboo, and the chicken st Charles. The chicken st charles was the best of the three. I liked the hot sauce they had a available similar to Tabasco. I also had a coffee to finish off. Prices are reasonable a family of 6 with lots of extras was 120, 136 with tip.I had the basic French toast and it was the best French toast I've ever had. Cooked to perfection with brioche bread and sprinkled with powdered sugar-served with 2 slices of bacon just because. 
Also had a peach bellini....delicious! And not skimpy on the serving either. 
This location was kind of small, but fun nonetheless.
Maybe one day I can try the rest of the menu, but if it's anything like the French toast, it's guaranteed to be good.Was hesitant to order the Benedict sampler but completely enjoyed!  Service was great and bartenders friendlyzSuper morgenmadsted. 
Det vil tage flere dage at forbrænde de kalorier som vi har fået indenbords.The pancake crepes they had on special were the BOMB. Pineapple and strawberry and blueberry with cream cheese. OMG. Good bacon. Thick French toast. Fried green tomatoes--everything is just so delicious!!Visiting New Orleans for my birthday weekend. I asked a friend before hand if she recommended anything. Immediately she said try The Ruby Slipper Cafe. Boy, was I not disappointed. We were able to check in w the Yelp app which was a life saver! Omg this place was packed!!! We got there, Signed in and we were immediately seated! I ordered some coffee with Eggs Cochon. Food was DELICIOUS!!! The services was on point! I would highly recommend this placeLives up to the hype completely. Definitely recommend the stuffed French toast-- haven't ever had anything like it or on that level. The fried chicken poached egg sandwich was great as well. Just a note-- there is a long wait in person, so download the open table app which will let you get in line without physically having to be there and will save you the headache of waiting long in person. It's a popular spot for a reason, they really live up to the hype. Ambiance isn't modern, it's more of a character filled spot but has comfy seatingI had Cafe du Monde beignets for breakfast but the buttermilk biscuit I just ate at Ruby Slipper may be the best thing I've ever tasted.Skinny Migas is it!!! No questions! hands down! Irish coffee was a bonus too.  if you are ever close to the ruby slipper it must be a stop on your list of things to do.This is a small breakfast chain putting out really good meals in bright and cheery locations across New Orleans. Locals recommended The Ruby Slipper Cafe to us several times so we stopped in and were not disappointed. I had the Spanish Omelette, which comes with sausage, onion, tomato, pepperjack cheese and is topped with a lovely red pepper coulis. I had breakfast potatoes on the side. Both items were excellent. The biscuit with cane syrup butter was a bonus that put the dish into the realm of too much. My daughter really liked her Louisianan Omelette, which came with Gulf shrimp. Most everything is $10+ but if you time it right, you can probably skip lunch.This place is basically heaven. Everything from the Peach Bellini and catfish and grits was total bomb. They have great service and food. This is a must try if you are visiting New Orleans!!!Theresa was our bartender/ server she was incredible. So fun and bubbly and really attentive. She even helped up figure out more local places to eat and enjoy. 
The food was amazing I got the trio of 3 different eggs Benedicts and my friend got the migas both were perfect. 
I highly recommend getting in line on no wait as you will be waiting some time to get in because it's worth it!Incredible place with great service! Everything was so delicious and our waitress Jackie was incredible! Definitely would recommendAmazing food and drinks and service!!! Our server Arielle was so friendly and gave great recommendations on what to order! I had the southern breakfast and grits were amazing. It came with sweet butter for the biscuit which was to die for!
My husband did the peacemaker benni and loved both the options! We we're both in a food coma by the time we left but well worth it!!The food here is so good. We both loved our meals and would come back. Be prepared to wait a bit. Put your name in and walk around, it's worth the wait. 
Also our server Arielle was great as well, we loved the service here too!Great food. We are twice there for breakfast while in NOLA. The restaurant in Canal Street is much bigger and there was an 1 1/2 hr. wait. We walked around in the French Quarter until our table was ready. We ate at the Decatur Street restaurant and sat at the bar. Will definitely go back when we are in NOLA.Love this place!  Found the newer cafe on Decatur, small, but same great food!  And bacon Bloody Mary is wonderful!  This a must for breakfast...get a variety to share with the table!!Jackie was the best!!! She was so flexible with all our orders in a big party. Service was fast and food was excellent!Omg the menu is huge and delicious. Table of 7 had grits and a biscuit, eggs Benedict 3 was, a grill plate, stuffed French toast, croque madame and I ordered off the side menu to create avacado toast (because I'm that person). All the food was amazing. The wait was excessive over an hour, but worth it. Service was good and my almond milk latte was very good.Overhyped. Although the food was good, I wouldn't go there again. The wait was extremely long, around 2 hours. Also, it was very crowded and even with the long wait they were not able to accommodate our party of 10 to sit together. It was very overpriced. There are other better places to get a delicious brunch in NOLA.The food was amazing, it looked so good that i forgot to take a picture first ‍ everything was amazing & Veronica is fabulous! Shanzelle is an awesome person! I will be returning.We actually were meaning to go to the Market St location but when I looked it up I saw the Decatur St location was literally right across from our hotel! We walked over and were seated right away, opposed to waiting 15+ minutes for a table, as I've seen at the other location. We ordered HUGE mimosas and our breakfasts. I opted for The Peacemaker cause I'm bad at making decisions and that gave me the best of two eggs Benedict worlds. I chose the Chicken St. Charles and the Shrimp Boogaloo. I didn't feel like eating that much bread, since both are served on top of biscuits, but the waitress happily asked the kitchen to skip the biscuit under one of the benedicts. Both were delicious and unique, although the one biscuit I did have was a little tough to cut through on the bottom. But once the Cajun tomato sauce soaked into it, it made it a little easier. Overall I was very impressed with this breakfast place and would eat here again and again. And would easily be able to do so, since they have so many amazing options!Amazing place!! The Trifecta was SO good! I liked the chicken biscuit the most out of all 3 of biscuits I received.Came to a hot spot and found good and bad. 
The bad, the OJ is not freshly squeezed as advertised. 
Fruits were turning bad. 
However the Trifeca which is Eggs Benedict 3 ways was well worth it. However this is a plate for 2. 
I love spicy food which it stated in the menu that the Spanish omelette is, However it was not. Pass on that dish. 
Service was prompt.Great food! Jackie was so personable and fun. Full bar and she still killed it. Thank you for the great food and service!!!!!!!!!!This nice little cafe was a bit hard to find but it was worth looking for. We were here during Mardi Gras and the specials they had were so fun! Even though it was crowded, our food came out fast and perfectly done. The French toast was so good and the bacon was cooked perfectly! We'd definitely come back to this cafe if we come back to New OrleansStay away. This place is trash. This is the ONLY place I've ever dined in New Orleans where I've experienced rude service. The place is terribly managed. The food is good but not worth the insane wait! To make matters worse, my mom's dish came to the table cold (an egg sandwich-no one wants cold eggs). Even when using the waitlist system on yelp you wait longer than you're told. Stay away-seriously! There are so many other delicious spots for breakfast all over the city.This place is phenom. We went to the location on Decator and actually arielle is the shit. I wish she could be our waitress everywhere we go for the rest of our trip.This place is a must go to.
We stoped in for breakfast this morning
Everything we order was wonderful, and Jada is a treasure.
I had side of grits and a biscuit. Grits were creamy, biscuit was fluffy and tender.
Our party also had two of the Eggs Benedict  selections and The Costa Rican.
Benedict's: Eggs Cochon and Eggs and catfish I'm told both were excellent.
We requested changes to the Costa Rican no eggs or cheese. (Vegan) Changes were made as requested. Dish was very good.
Next time we're in town we will return.Love The Ruby Slipper! Haven't been here in a minute and am excited to indulge in these amazing benedicts! Glad we are here early!The food was good. I had the BBQ shrimp and grits. The biscuits were the best. It was a little bit of a wait to get seated. The waitress was exceptional. The seating was a little uncomfortable, the tall chairs. I'd definitely go back.Came here for breakfast with the wife on Monday morning. This was another spot recommended to me by my coworker. I was able to use the wait list feature from yelp to help secure a spot in line while we walked over from our hotel. We still had to wait about 10 minutes when we arrived as there were still two groups ahead of us. We waited outside as the wait area at the entrance got crowded very easily. Oddly enough, we were audience to a street sign across the street that seemed to be possessed. It swung violently from side to side and looked like it was about to break from its mounting and hit some unfortunate bastard walking on the sidewalk below. Nevertheless it didn't happen but it helped pass the time! Once we got inside, we were greeted promptly by our waitress. Since we already knew what we went, we ordered right away. I went with the BBQ shrimp and grits and a Bloody Mary. The plate also came with a big ass biscuit. The food was really good and I really enjoyed the Bloody Mary. I would definitely come back to this place for breakfast!This review is a 3.5. 
A little overrated in my opinion. I had the pancake flight which was creative, and the cochon benedict, which was just OK. My margarita was delicious though!I am SO GLAD we stopped into Ruby Slippers on a recent trip to New Orleans. We had gone to all the high end NOLA restaurants but this place ranked WAY HIGHER then any of them. 
We made a reservation through the phone system/app, and was seated within 5 minutes of arriving. The staff was SUPER friendly and attentive. We were given the specials of the day and had a Bloody Mary and Peach Bellini in hand before we could decide what to order.
The food was by far the best I had in all New Orleans and most authentic southern cuisine. My daughter and I ordered the Trifecta and was told it was large enough to share (which it was). I have been dreaming about it since we left. YOU MUST EAT THIS!!! My husband had a crawfish special- which was the best crawfish we had over 5 days in New Orleans- and my son ordered the pancake flight that was equally as enormous as it was delicious. 
I cannot say enough how EXCELLENT our experience was, but will just say YOU MUST GO!!!!Amazing brunch spot. There are multiple locations in the city, and I imagine them to be all amazing. I chose this one seeing how popular all of them are and this one had the least reviews. Chose right! We came in around 10:30 am and got seated immediately. Shortly after, there was a huge line! 
Decor: So adorable! Everything feels homey with colorful font and bubbly drawn pictures of special item foods on blackboards. They even had a whole Mardi Gras menu during this time!
Food: Everything on the menu sounded amazing. As orders of food to the left and right of us started appearing, I started to salivate. I ended up with the Costa Rican and the BF with BBQ shrimp & grits. Everything was perfectly seasoned and delicious. The biscuit that came with the shrimp & grits was freaking huge but super moist (that doesn't happen??) and it came with this brown sugar spread. I wish we had a place like this in every city we went to. It was such a nice way to start the morning!This is a nice breakfast spot with helpful staff, quick service, and a few extra special items on their menu. They were very accommodating of my gluten free and dairy free requests, as they are a scratch kitchen, they can make accommodations. Good enough that I am glad we went there, but not so spectacular that I can't wait to go back. There are so many choices in and around the French quarter, that we will probably try out a different restaurant next time.The food is definitely all that it was hyped up to be. I had the Bananas Foster French toast with grits and my guy had the smoked salmon omelette. It was so great that we went two days in a row, but both days.... the service was "meh" so mediocre, if it weren't for the service, I would have given 5 stars and gone back the 3rd day for sure.A friend suggested this place and it was worth trying. The fried grit wedge was delicious and so was the fish and shrimp on top. The mimosa was tasty but could have used less juice. It was busy but we made a reservation through Yelp and we got in pretty quick.Ordered the peacemaker with eggs cochon and corned beef bennie. The apple braised pork on cochon was delicious. Would definitely be happy just eating 2 off the eggs cochon.  The corned beef bennie was good, but not to the level of the cochon.  The Ruby Slipper has so many locations now that you can get great Bennies without having to wait for over an hour. Service is great, quick, and very responsive.SO many great things I can say about this place but I'll sum it up. Great food, great vibe, and most importantly great service!! Visited RSC twice while on a girls trip to NOLA. Upon arriving, we were greeted with such kindness and hospitality. The hosts seemed genuinely interested in finding out where we were visiting from and seated us right away. We were taken to a back area (for bigger parties) which made us feel like we had our own little VIP section/private room. The waitress offered suggestions from the menu which helped us decide what we were going to order. The food came out quickly & was so fresh and delicious. Both the food & service was so good that we went back for a second round the following day. The second time around, we decided to get a spot on the waiting list as it was Easter Sunday. When arriving, we didn't even have to wait, they seated us right away!! & were flattered as they remembered us from the day before. The manager came to check on us to make sure we were doing ok and even had an employee stop by to give us the hot spots to go to while we were visiting. This place exceeded all expectations. If you want the celebrity treatment, if you want to feel like a priority... don't think twice!! Visit RSC!! I can speak for my friends and I, this is a place I will always go to while visiting NOLA.Loved the smaller location and sitting at the   Bar. Had excellent service and Teresa had a great personality and was lots of fun! Would go again just to see her again!Service was a bit slow on the day we went, but no denying the delicious food! Every plate coming out of the kitchen looked equally delightful. I ordered the Peacemaker which was two choices of eggs benedict (for the indecisive like me). Lots of flavor and easy to see why this is a popular brunch spot. Worth the wait!Brunch was wonderful. Our server Mackenzie T, was friendly, helpful and nice.
The Trifeca was the assortment of their greatest hits and was wonderful. Cinnamon French Toast batons were amazing.
Worth every penny, I would definitely go back!This place was jam packed today (day after Mardi Gras) but totally worth the wait! We perused antique shops on Royal until we received our reservation text. Delicious brunch--the shrimp and grits are to die for! Our waitress Teresa was attentive and charming. She made incredible recommendations on and off the menu. Now we know some of the best jazz joints to visit on Frenchmen!The food came out a little late but it was worth the wait, the gator meat was awesome,great spot.The food was amazing! So much we couldn't eat it all! The atmosphere was nice and relaxing even with it been busy! The staff was extremely friendly and happy to answer our questions about things to do in town!This restaurant seems to play favorites for seating people.  After waiting over an hour and checking several times with the hostesses, we finally gave up and left when several parties that came in well after us were seated.The food was good! The atmosphere was very easy going. Our waitress was so so! But maybe we caught her on a less happy day(she didn't give us silverware, she didn't comeback to refill our drink, she kinda rushed us to order:impatient!) Our good experience of the food out weighed the bad.For the hype, this place did nothing to impress... let alone blow us away. Average food, drinks that were not memorable in any way and lackluster service. Really not worth the wait or the effort.We are coming back here again tomorrow!! This place is great!! The food is to die for and the staff is really awesome. It is super busy but worth the wait!Delicious coffee, food, atmosphere, and service! Very cute restaurant with a country feel. The waiter was friendly and helpful. Enjoyed the pancakes, candied bacon, and chicken eggs Benedict on a soft tasty biscuit. Maybe I was hungry but it took a little time for the food to come out but once it arrived the presentation and taste was well worth the wait. While we waited we enjoyed the various breakfast drink options including the strong Nola coffee, which the waiter kept hot. While we didn't indulge, in true Nola fashion, they offered a variety of mimosas and other buzz breakfast drinks! Def a plus!Family and I were in NOLA and Ruby Slipper was recommended as a great breakfast location. Ruby Slipper did not disappoint. If you go I recommend you DO NOT substitute toast with your breakfast and get the biscuit and homemade butter that comes with it. I made that mistake but luckily my wife was willing to  share half of hers. Needless to say I highly recommend Ruby Slipper if you're in the area.This was a great first breakfast in Nola!  We had to wait a bit but sign up for the waiting list on the YELP app and the wait won't be as long!  I had the Bloody Mary and the salad with fried goat cheese.  Hubby had the southern breakfast with bacon, grits, eggs, fried green tomatoes and a big ol' biscuit.  Looking back I wish I would have asked to substitute the goat cheese for fried green tomatoes because they were excellent!  I love the simple atmosphere with touches of 'Simon of New Orleans' artwork throughout.  I also love the story behind why it's called the 'Ruby Slipper'.Ah-maz-zing!!! Loved this little spot for breakfast. The staff was super sweet - made lots of delicious suggestions (like subbing cheesy scrambled eggs for the poached since I don't like runny eggs) on my Benedict's. I tried the Peacemaker and I highly recommend it. My husband got the bananas foster pain perdu and it was the perfect amount of sweet and not over powering at all.The Ruby Slipper Cafe is a great place for breakfast or brunch. The biscuits are the best I've ever had; so moist with a sweet apple butter that's to die for. I also recommend the bacon Bloody Marys. They use a bacon infused vodka and top it with bacon and pickled green beans....delicious.Seriously. This place is THAT good. 
I have never been to NOLA before - but this meal made me feel at home. 
And the bloody Mary's.....We came for breakfast  here based on Yelp reviews and bc it was walking distance from our hotel. The wait was 30minutes but we still stayed bc we relied on Yelp reviews. So the biscuits are really big but nothing special about the flavor. My husband ordered the southern breakfast I believe it's called and he was satisfied but he did mention that the grits are still better at Daisy Dukes. I ordered the eggs Benedict which is their popular item but was not able to finish, I think I could've shared the other half. If we decide to come back before our vacation is over I will try the Foster French Toast !!!Extremely amazing food! Wonderful staff & service. The avocado toast and BLT mimosa's and coffee! All yum! Highly recommend for brunch!Not healthy but excellent. 
Trifecta is a must... and service was excellent.  A perfect place for breakfast on our first day of vacation.  Definitely recommend it..We went here yesterday morning, and booked ourselves online over an hour in advance. When we arrived to check in about 10:00, we didn't have to wait too much longer before we were seated. Looking back, we could have sat at the bar, since it was two of us and there was plenty of space. 
We had to try the bananas foster french toast and the catfish grits with biscuit and maple butter (and sugared bacon!) and the vanilla iced coffee.  I love biscuits and it was huge and amazing! I think it's great for a group spots. Lots of friends were celebrating for Mardi gras. You could hear the champagne being opened every minute or so. Service was great. Do come and book in advance!Delicious breakfast with A-MA-ZING biscuits!  Huge portions.  The bacon pancakes were great, but one would definitely be enough.  The potatoes are perfectly crisp with the skins left on.  The issue - service was extremely slow.  Not just waiting for the meal, but waiting to pay took forever.  Everyone was friendly, so it wasn't a bad experience.  Just don't plan on getting in-and-out quickly.  I know good food takes time to prepare, but pancakes & eggs shouldn't take 30 minutes when there are only 4 tables.  Don't mean to sound so negative, though.  It was yummy!Eggs Benedict on delicious - and HUGE- biscuits with fried chicken or pulled pork. That, my friends is the Peacemaker and it is superb!Ruby Slipper Cafe was our first "brunch" spot of our New Orleans trip and it def didn't disappoint! A little bit of a wait (only because we put our names down thanks to yelp) but worth it all. I would def recommend Ruby Slipper to anyone visiting New Orleans. The food was delicious and their service was outstanding. I can't wait to come back!!Yum, yum, yum. First time here.  Try their wide assortment of Benedict's on biscuits. Also delicious mixed drinks to give you some "hair of the dog".  Get their early, this place is awesome and the lines later in the morning will let you know.Stumbled onto this absolute gem while looking for a brunch place. Went in with 5 friends for breakfast and cocktails and EVERY SINGLE THING was delicious. For how packed it was the service was pretty quick and on point as well. Also, the BEST BLOODY MARY i had while in NOLA and trust me I tried a lot. Looking forward to coming back next time we go back to New Orleans.Arielle was our server and she was AMAZING. She took care of our party with care, speed, and exemplary service!Jackie is the bomb.com the house down boots. Loving Jackie's  boogaloo!  Great food.  Thank you for the great experience.  Luv ya Jackie!!!! Muah xoxoTried this place on recommendation. Great bacon and cinnamon pancake. My girls loved the French toast as well.This is always a must when we are in New Orleans. 
Great - Lite Fair Migas excellent. Serving size was more than we expected. The chipotle sour cream sauce and pepper jack cheese was icing on the cake. This will be a definite must again.
Needs improvements - I ordered the Southern Breakfast. Had them substitute potatoes for grits and toast for biscuit. I received a small portion of overdone dry potatoes and burnt toast on one side. The paper thin fried green tomato lacked  taste because all you could taste was the coating (since the tomato was so thin).
And I realize they were busy at the time, however we only received one refill on our coffee and that's only because we stopped another server to help us. 
Hope they improve for next time.Fantastic service and food! Loved the Bananas Foster French Toast and the Corned Beef Hash Benedict! Would highly recommend this cafe!If I had one place to choose for breakfast in NOLA I would choose The Ruby Slipper on Canal.  Service was excellent and the food was fantastic. Try the catfish and grits and the shrimp omelet.Love love love. Bloody Mary's are exceptional, I had two and they creep, so go slow! :) I was looking for a light breakfast...so asked, so answered! I loved the skinny migas. Egg whites nachos, avocado and pepper jack cheese.  The Chipotle sour cream was awesome. Our server Melodie was a dear. Such a tasty breakfast, off to a perfect start! I'm so happy that this was my first stop in NOLA!!Awesome Bloody Mary,Awesome Boozy Coffee, Waiting on brunch, but it looks Awesome also. Wait time was understandable for a Saturday morning in the Big EasyLoved our breakfast! Online waiting list was great. Truly a very good eating experience.  Highly recommended!!!!!First time having grits and they were delicious. The waiter recommended goat cheese on top and it made them so creamy and yummy. The eggs were prepared great but the biscuit was a little hard it still tasted great. I highly recommend the creamy vanilla iced coffee. Ruby Slipper Cafe is a cute place if you're visiting NOLA for the first time.We came to this place because it was highly recommended. Very personable wait staff. The food was delicious and cooked to perfection. i would absolutely come back to eat here again.The food was sooo good! I had great service, so I had to come back
Twice during my vacation.Arielle (spelling?), our server,  was great!  Very knowledgeable about the menu and made great recommendations regarding the food and beverages.  We slept in and only made it to the restaurant around 1:45 PM;  it closes at 3 PM.  The place was full but we had no wait.  Lucky I guess.  Food, drinks and service were all good.  Will go again and recommend this place for brunch for all.We have dined at another Ruby Slipper.  The wait here was not as long but the food was just as good or better. The service was great and the restaurant was very clean. Must eat!We had an absolute blast and our server was "THE BOMB.COM!" (Jackie.B). The Trifecta was "amazing", I totally recommend it and the poached eggs were cooked to technical perfection. Definitely recommend travelers to stop in and enjoy themselves!Oh my gosh YUMMMM..... if you want to eat like you're truly in Nola then this is a good place to start. I got the trifecta Benedict which was amazing but could easily be shared with 1 or 2 other people. The portion sizes are crazy ;-) My husband ordered the pancakes and they did not disappoint! We'll be back the next time we're in Nola for sure! Great breakfast before a full day of walking!We went here for breakfast/brunch on two occasions during this visit.  Initially, we visited the location located not too far from our hotel. Just as we had been told, the line outside was ridiculous. If you are hungry and are interested in eating and moving on with your day, this is not the most convenient choice to keep your day moving quickly. At the first location, I checked-in with the hostess and was told that the wait was about an hour and a half. With some level of disappointment, I added my name to the list and went back outside to wait. 
As we waited outside, a marketing rep from the hotel across the street suggested that we visit the location located about two or three blocks in the other direction. He added that the wait was only about 30 minutes, so of course, we opted to walk a little further to get something to eat a little faster. He added that in terms of food quality, it was no different and that it just so happens that the Magazine Street location is typically  more popular because of its size. 
We walked up the street to the Decatur Street location. I added my name to the list and was told that the wait would be about 35 minutes from that point. We waited patiently outside until we reached the 40 minute wait period. At that time, I went back inside and was told that a text message had been sent to my phone to let me know that our table was ready. I had my phone in hand the entire time, so I knew that wasn't true.  She then told me that I needed the Yelp app to check in for the process to work. 
After waiting more than 40 minutes, we were not the happiest people hearing information that was so important and 40 minutes too late. I asked if we had been kicked out of the queue. She said no. I asked if I needed to put my name on the list again and download the Yelp app to my phone, she said no. She said it was just a way to check-in. I was confused because the information was now conflicted. She said not to worry because my name was still in the queue and had not come up yet. Nothing was making sense, but I was hungry. We had already waited a long time and I heard good things about the food, so we stayed in spite of the confusion. 
About ten minutes later, she came to the door because we were waiting outside and asked if we would like to be seated at the bar. We agreed to anything to get some food after that long wait. Our orders were taken immediately. Our beverage choice was iced coffee with whipped cream and sprinkled cinnamon. It was good coffee. I especially enjoyed the cinnamon notes, as I neared the end of my drink. I knew it was there visually, but it along with the whipped cream was a welcomed flavor at the conclusion. 
I ordered the Southern breakfast without the applewood smoked bacon during each visit and both times, my food presented with applewood bacon. Fortunately, I was able to remove the bacon and substitute it with another food item, which was great. The egg whites were fluffy just the way I like. The potatoes were crispy and flavorful. The biscuit was good, especially with the cinnamon sugar butter spread. The grits were good, but were more flavorful the second day. The fried green tomatoes were just okay and would have been better had they been freshly prepared. I got the impression that some items were cooked in advance and not necessarily made to order.
Nevertheless, we enjoyed our meals and I would definitely eat there again on my next visit. Next time, I'll have to try my own white chocolate pancakes because what I sampled was delicious.SO SO GOOD!! My boyfriend and I were here for a small trip and all of our friends recommended this place to us. It was delicious! I did think the mimosas were a little pricey but they got the job done lol! Our food was delicious and seasoned to perfection. I got the bananas foster french toast, which I was hesitant because I do not have a sweet tooth ever, but holy crap I would eat that this everyday. Staff was nice, restaurant was cute, and out food was perfect!!First time coming here. What an amazing experience. Staff is super friendly. Great sense of humor and professional. I wanted to eat everything off the menu.  I had the cinnamon swirl pancakes the 1st time. Came back and had a breakfast sandwich. Their portions are HUGE, morning margarita was delishhh. Boozy ice coffee delish too.  I def recommend this place.The Ruby Slipper Cafe was quickly recommended for breakfast by the front desk staff at Harrah's. It was a short five minute walk. It was still early and we were seated right away. Our server suggested The Peacemaker, which is your choice of any two of their Benedicts. We chose the Eggs Cochon and the Corned Beef Bennie. 
The food came quickly and piping hot and it didn't take long to make them disappear. So yeah, the food is great. The service was quick, helpful, and attentive. True Southern hospitality and an easy five star rating.Clean and comfortable restaurant small in size. Waitress is sweet and efficient. Ordered the shrimp and grits coffee and I had to have pig candy.  Giving 5 stars just for the overall experience clean bathroom great service good food great biscuits yummy pig candy Jackie was sweet and thoughtful waitress that refills my coffee as fast as I drink.I visited here because I was told by several ppl this was the breakfast spot to stop when you're in New Orleans! I can honestly say I don't see what all they hype was about. I really enjoyed my margarita and the Bloody Mary my friend ordered, but other than that the food was just ok. My biscuit was really chewy and almost hard the butter they had for the biscuits was really good! The cinnamon swirl pancake was also good, but not a place I would be excited to go back to if I visit again.My wife and I love The Ruby Slipper! We eat here at least once every time we are in town. The service and food never disappoint. 
I got the trifecta this time, which is a combo of their top 3 Benedict's. One with fried chicken, one with pulled pork, and the other with shrimp and a creole tomatoe sauce. The one with the shrimp is called the Bayou Boogaloo. Is it to die for! Perfectly cooked shrimp with a creole sauce that is very delicious!
My wife got the migas. It was basically a very fluffy egg scramble with Southwest flavors served with a spiced cream cheese over a bed of thin tortilla strips for crunch. Very delicious! She also enjoyed her pomegranate mimosa. 
We will be back!Great breakfast spot.  We walked right in on a weekday around 8:30am.  I'd been here previously where it was very busy for breakfast.  This time the pace was very relaxing.
I like to carbo up before any type of activity.  On this day we were doing a Segway tour so I needed energy.
I went with the 3 stack buttermilk pancakes with two strips of bacon.  Unlike back home where the butter is scooped onto your pancakes, here their whipped butter is in these little packages on the table.  Just as well.
The pancakes were very fluffy.  I did the best I could.  Ate about 2/3.
Coffee refills unlimited.  
We were able to split the check using two credit cards.  That's very hospitable.  We found that to be the case with many of Nawlins' eateries.
Great service and very attentive.Was in NOLA for a conference, went with friends. Loved the vibe! Great menu, excellent Eggs Benedict and Mimosas! Friends enjoyed their French toast.The shrimp and grits were underwhelming, but the bacon pecan pancake was great! The biscuits were also good. The drinks were strong and great!We ordered 5 breakfasts.  One did not taste good but the waitress would not take it back or make a correction so it would be edible.  
I generally tip slightly over 20%. I can't do that today. 
But one star for the terrible rules this restaurant has. And the too bready (made up word) catfish.This was a great little spot we hit up before going to the WW II museum. The food was really good and so was the service. I would certainly eat here again!Amazing service our waitress was Teresa. Food is delicious , big portions. Price was fair and environment is welcomingA long wait for brunch but worth it - recommend using the yelp reservation waitlist. The coffee was amazing. I had the banana foster French toast and it did not disappoint. I would get it again!Really good breakfast spot. Be prepared for a wait. We had the bam bam biscuit...homestyle potatoes and banana foster pancakes. All of it was good. Iced coffee was well made also. Recommended!Eggs benedict cochon is where its at! So so good! Biscuits are gigantic. The morning margarita made a great start to a day on the french quarterJackie was the best waitress ever!! Super friendly and gave tons of awesome recommendations. Food and service was great!!This place has really good food. They crack jokes so it definitely lights up the mood. I had a hard time choosing something to eat because everything looked so good!Best French Toast I've ever had! The grilled fish is also great - very nicely cooked. 
If you go early in the morning, the wait isn't too horrible. We put down our number and walked around the neighborhood. We didn't feel it was too long until they texted us.This is my favorite place for a nice warm cozy meal, the service and the food are by far amazing!Food was great the line was long. I checked in and went across the street to grab a coffee. I ordered the Costa Rican it was good but they were super light on the meat. Its mainly beans and rice with very little chorizo.Waited an hour to eat and was totally disappointed.  I asked for over easy medium eggs and clearly got over easy, fried green tomatoes were small burnt and cold. They made the eggs again but obviously the chef  cannot make over medium eggs. Don't know what the hype is about this place when I read the reviews but seriously it was not worth the wait. After manager came to see what he can do, he took off $2.00 of my bill. This place is a joke.Worst breakfast ever! Felt like servers were being forced to work there...don't order the French toast it's a soggy messSkip to the bottom if you want the tdlr. 
Service was great, but the menu is intimidating. My mother ordered the peacemaker, which allows you to mix and match anything on the benedict menu. 
Peacemaker: ordered one eggs cochon and one chicken St. Charles. The latter was incredible, and the sauce was so, so good with the crunch of the chicken. The eggs cochon were quite salty because of the combo of the hollandaise and pork mix. 
I ordered a series of sides, grits, fruit, and the biscuit with can syrup butter. The butter was AMAZING and the biscuit was huge, and I'm sad to say that I ate it all because I miss the flavor. The grits were the best I had in all my time in New Orleans, creamy and cheesy and wonderful. The fruit were just fruit, but it was a blessed break from the grease and heaviness of the French Quarter diet.  
If you aren't feeling any of the larger meals, ordering off the side menu is a smart and cheaper experience that won't have you feeling overwhelmed. Wish I could've ordered off of the kid's menu :////.
tdlr; really, really good food. Try the biscuit with the butter, the grits, and the chicken St. Charles. Wonderful service as well, barely any wait.All I gotta say is that the wait is worthy. The banana foster French toast was amazing and so the St Charles biscuit and also the eggs Cochon too. Highly recommend this place and definitely will come next time in town.Visited this cafe for brunch. We were a party of 8 and had to wait about 40 min. Our server was awesome and our drinks came out pretty quickly. I ordered the Irish coffee and would have it again as it had a nice kick! For my meal I ordered the smoke salmon Benedict which they serve with hot smoke salmon. I added spinach and the biscuit it is served on is pretty tasty. The portions are pretty big and I could not finish my plate. All in all a pleasant experience and I would come back again!Our hotel was a minute walk, so it was a no brained to have breakfast here. It's one of the few places in NOLA with live waitlist; which made it easy to plan for. 
The location in the French Quarter is less busy than their other locations.
We ordered the mix/match of Benedict's (eggs Cochin and chicken st Charles) and bother we're delicious. The biscuit was huge-couldn't finish it all! 
The shrimp and grit was great; full of flavour! 
I had high hopes for the cinnamon swirl pancake, but it ok; it didn't wow me...I came across the Ruby Slipper cafe through Yelp and once I saw the wait time I figured it must worth the hype. We waited about 10 minutes to be seated, the server came to our table right after and our food was served pretty quick too. The food was good and very filling, the only con which is just a personal preference, is the food was not served hot, it was luke warm which makes me think it was maybe reheated. Other than that, it is definitely a great breakfast spot in Nola with a lot of options to choose from. I wish I had ordered some pancakes they looked great!I would give it a 5 but my family disagrees.  I enjoyed my food and I think the fact the food was unique to NO turned my family off.  
Enjoy.Great food, spunky service and character.   A bit of wait time but worth it. We even bought the t-shirtGreat food. My favorite brunch stop in NOLA. Any location is great, this one is  actually a bit smaller so the wait can be longer, but it's the original. 
Definitely recommend.Everything was great! Omelette was a bit too wet for me but shrimp and cheese in every bite! 
Biscuits were dry and crumbled if you like it that way then great! With a Peach Mimosa on the sideThis place is solid and wonderful. You want breakfast, you can't go wrong with RSC. Similar to the larger restaurant on Canal only smaller and longer wait times. They do have a waitlist that you can use to add you name as you're walking over through the yelp app. It works perfectly!
Coffee is to die for. Service is awesome. Food is fantastic. What else would you want when your all night celebrating results in late brunch. Great drinks too. 
Ah, I need to go back. Too bad I don't live there to frequent more regularly.I cried tears of joy after eating their grits because it was so good. I grew up on grits and living in CA I can't find a decent place that makes them. This place brings back found childhood memories with every bite.Was staying at the Marriott around three corner and read the great reviews.  Had the assorted pancakes.  Very yummy and way too much for one person to eat!Awesome breakfast!  I got light migas but the options were superb for whatever you feel likeGreat place for brunch in the quarter. The food is good, atmosphere is lovely, and the waitstaff is friendly and helpful. Expect to have a bit of a wait, about 20 to 30 minutes, but it more than worth it.The food was great. The hostess was a little slacking, but the bar tender and everyone else was nice. Food was great we had Cochon & St. Charles (fried chicken )eggs Benedict & Banana Pudding French ToastFirst stop on our trip to NOLA and they did NOT disappoint. My BYO Omelet was delicious. My wife ordered the Chicken St. Charles & Shrimp Boogaloo Benedicts, and loved every bite. We'll definitely be back !OMG!!!! Y'all! I haven't had a brunch that taste this great in a looooooong time! The restaurant is so beautiful and cozy. The food is to die for! There's usually a wait here but I always use the waitlist. Centrally located in the French Quarters. I got the stuffed french toast, cheesy grits, chicken sausage, over easy eggs and the morning mimosa! Everything was awesome! Will be back!There is literally nothing about this place, the staff, or the food that we did not ADORE.  The restaurant itself has a very cool, laidback vibe.  We had such a great brunch experience at the Decatur Street location that we went back for a repeat the very next day- Their Ruby Slipper cocktail is a nice tweak on the usual mimosa, their Boozy Coffee is delish, and their multiple Benedicts & pancake flavors are BEYOND.
However, the star of the show for us was undoubtedly our delightful server, Liz.  We were fortunate to have her take care of us on both visits, and we will absolutely seek her out the next time we're there.  Liz is EVERYTHING!!!!!  She's sweet, funny, extremely competent, and thoughtful- which is even more impressive when you consider how hectic and busy this joint is every day.  Liz is seriously like a baby angel, sent from Heaven to bestow her own brand of awesomeness on the world.  If you go- and you absolutely, 100% SHOULD- ask to sit in her section, and TIP HER WELL!!!I ordered the eggs cochon and the sauce was the cherry on top! We ordered to go and also got a few peach billini mimosa's which were delicious. The only thing I would say is our waitress had a attitude but nvm that!It wasn't good.
  - Biscuit was dry. I didn't even finished it 
  - I hated the sweet bacon. I feel like it should have been advertise. 
  - The rest of the food was at best average. 
Good service otherwise.Has really good breakfast options, the Benedict's were the best. There is a reason that the wait is usually 30-50 minutesThis restaurant was recommended by our UBER driver... she was a local and seemed like she knew what she was talking about. The food was nothing special. The huge biscuits were tough and dry. They did provide honey butter which tasted like it had been in a fridge that had an odor to it. The fried green tomato was good but that was the only thing that had any flavor to it. Overall,I do not recommend going to this restaurant if you're looking for authentic, flavorful food.This place was amazing. The food and service was great. I had the shrimp and grits which wasn't the greatest because I personally don't like bbq shrimp but the dish itself was really great. My husband had a chicken st. Charles which was really good. The wait wasn't mad since we reserved via Yelp. This place is a must place to eat atOur food was hot and fresh. We lived the extensive menu. Drinks were on point. I had the sampler. Everything was good. Just wished I had more of the toppings on each biscuit. The biscuits were there long after the toppings were gone. Great ambiance.Pros:  
- Used the Yelp app to get on the waitlist from our hotel room 
- Our table was ready 5 min after we arrived 
- Everyone in our party enjoyed their food 
- Service by Jackie and the hostesses was excellent and attentive.  Jackie is a professional and has no time to waste.  Loved her! 
Cons:  
- The "nutella" in the daily special was not from the Nutella brand that we expected - the kind that looks like chocolate and is made from hazelnuts.  The "nutella" we got was something completely different.  Regardless, the dish was devoured because we were hungover and didn't make it an issue.  Probably wouldn't order it again.The service was great but the food not so much. Eggs were cold and bisquits  under cooked. A big disappointment  for my first meal in New Orleans.  BummerGreat breakfast. Get there early bc it will get crowded quick.
Got the Bananas Foster French Toast and Spied lattes. Both great and portions are big. See photos.
Deff go here for breakfast in New Orleans!This was the first place we ate at when we arrive in New Orleans. Great drinks and food. The trifecta was amazing. I would recommend this to anyone if they are looking for a breakfast/brunch spot on Canal. It was work the hour length.Good breakfast, lots of options. Gets busy but they seem to keep the line moving. Coffee is potent!Best Breakfast in NOLA.  Great service too!!!  Was crowed but seated and served quickly.Stepped in for brunch. Don't have enough space for all of the great things about this place. The service, the food, and the drinks were all excellent. It's too bad that my hometown brunch locations will just have me yearning to get back to Ruby Slipper!This my favorite Breakfast spot!! When I visit home, I must go and have their fabulous food.Oh, Lord, what happened to the Ruby Slipper I used to know?! We moved out of NO about two years ago, and were excited to come back and find a Ruby Slipper in our old neighborhood (with no wait on a Saturday morning!). Everything about our experience was mediocre to bad, though. Our mimosas tasted like melted plastic (we eventually learned that it was the super cheap sparkling wine they use), and we had to talk to THREE people to rectify it. My friend replaced his with their Irish coffee, which came unsweetened and undrinkable. The food was mediocre, and a far cry from the consistent deliciousness I was used to from RS. 
It could just be this location, but it's a hard pass from me on coming back.Ruby Slipper cafe was highly recommended to the group I was traveling with (by a waitress from another restaurant).  Waited outside on a chilly day for over 45 minutes and am pleased to say it was worth the wait. Had the bananas foster French Toast, which was a deliciously giant portion. I only wish it had more bananas and less raisins, but would still recommend. Next time I visit, I plan to try one of the Benedicts. Great food, huge portions, friendly staff and really good coffee.Some great unique eggs Bennie variations here! Fried green tomato Bennie? Yep, so good. I had the one w/ fried chicken and biscuit, and it blew my mind. Can't remember what the rest of my family ordered, but I know we all loved everything.This place was pretty good as far as French Quarter breakfast goes. It was very busy, so be sure and check in ahead on yelp so your weight is limited! We sat at the bar. It was very crowded and noisy and cramped, but the food was delicious. I ordered the stuffed French toast and probably would not order that again... It was just OK. The other items we ordered were delicious though! The Benedict is amazing. I would eat here again, but with managed expectations.Hands down best breakfast I had in NOLA.  Built my own omelette and had the cinnamon swirl pancakes.  The biscuit is HUGE, so fluffy and they have their own special butter, cane maple butter.  
This place is definately worth the waitDelicious!! Cool small hole in the wall for breakfast. Definitely thy the chicken st Charles.Food had no taste, I was amazed because it had such good reviews...  however, they did make a killer Bloody Mary.Well worth the 30 min wait! The BBQ shrimp and grits exceeded my expectations and Jackie our server was a delight!This was my second time eating a Ruby Slipper and they do not disappoint. Of course I had eggs Benedict. I also had a boozy iced coffee which was perfect. The only reason I'm giving it four stars was because they don't take reservations and there isn't a lot to do while you wait on that street. That being said they told us a half hour wait and I think we were inside and seating within ten minutes.Food: impeccable. Customer service: impeccable. Literally the best omelet, grits and biscuit I've had in my life! This is a must eat when in NOLA!!!this is the place for you if you like any sort of benedict. or if you're just a big breakfast person for that matter. expect a wait, but you can reserve a time on Open Table so that you aren't stuck crowding the door for an hour like the rest of the world. I suggest getting the Peacemaker, which let's you try two different benedicts. I got the eggs cochon benedict and the chicken st charles. the servings are huge so i couldn't finish mine, but the chicken st charles was definitely my favorite. take your time reading over the menu as there are many options and definitely consult with the staff about recommendations, that's how i ended up with my order and i was very pleased. also be sure to order a bloody mary with their bacon infused vodka!!!This restaurant is quite possibly the cutest brunch spot I've been to in awhile. I know Valentine's Day has passed but the bartender let me experience the Valentine's Day sweet tart cocktail and it did not disappoint!! Cinnamon swirl pancakes are to die for, crawfish Benedict was out of this world!! 10/10 would highly recommend to anyone looking for a fun experience!There are NO vegetarian Benedict's. I ordered the applewood bacon, no bacon (which is $3.25 on the sides menu) but they still charged me a dollar to do a fried green tomato instead of the normal tomato. That really sucks! I don't eat meat, but I do eat eggs and butter. I'm being financially penalized for not getting the expensive bacon and wanting the cheap tomato instead. Not likely to return. No sub was offered for not getting the bacon.I came here for breakfast and it was very good! The wait was over an hour long but I checked in ahead of time (driving from Baton Rouge area) on Yelp so I really only had to wait 15 minutes or so when I arrived.The staff was very helpful and friendly. For me, the food was just okay, i think it was called the all american breakfast), nothing to really write home about but my dinning partner really enjoyed their omelette. Waiting time was surprisingly long during morning-brunch hours, even during weekdays so be warned.Okay, for real this was one of my favorite spots since I've been here. I started with an excellent cup of coffee and it just got better from there. I order the 3 pig omelet - sausage, applewood bacon and ham with Swiss cheese.OMG!! To die for! I selected fruit as my side and the strawberries, pineapple, melon were fresh (could have done without the grapes) and were the perfect side to go with my omelet. Let's talk about the humongous freshly made biscuit with the cane sugar butter. I swear I thought I hit the jackpot!!! But what really put me over the top was the rosemary potatoes!! My photo doesn't reflect the potatoes because I took them off of my son's plate but TRUST ME....well worth you ordering a side dish of those!! Giving this establishment a golden star along with my 5 star rating. Can't wait to go back!This place was recommended by multiple locals and has the BEST breakfast in all NOLA!! A bit busy & had to wait, but more than worth the wait!! I had the biscuit trio and it was to die for! Good Bloody Mary as well.Excellent breakfast spot.  They have your standard breakfast fare with some unique options.  We had Mardi Gras Stuffed French Toast which was excellent!