Went in for breakfast around 8a on a Thursday morning - fairly crowded but got quickly-seated. The service was very good and I wasn't waiting long for my order to arrive. I ordered the cinnamon swirl pancakes which were extremely rich, but very, very tasty. When it was time to leave, the server gave me a to-go cup for my coffee which I thought was very thoughtful.
Nice atmosphere and excellent breakfast!I'm glad we tried this place. I had a Bacon Bloody Mary to drink, pretty good. Then for food I had Shrimp Boogaloo and Eggs Cochon Benedict's, they both were so full of flavor. The eggs cochon was my favorite though. I wish I could get something like that out here in Cali. Till next time Ruby Slipper.My boyfriend had the 3 little pigs omelette and side of pork sausage. I had the Eggs Coubion. Neither of us was impressed with the food. It cost twice as much as the breakfast we had at Majoria's Commerce yesterday, but not nearly as good. My dish was catfish with poached eggs. It had Tasso in it and I didn't realize that was ham until I got my order. When I noticed it and told my waiter, he asked if I'd like something else. I asked for the same dish without ham. He was very polite about the ordeal and insisted many people made that mistake of not realizing it was ham. I got a new dish, but seemed like the kitchen just took the ham out of my old dish cause I had taken a tiny piece of the catfish before noticing the ham and realized that same piece of catfish was on my "New" dish. The waiter was super polite and professional. That was as the highlight of the trip.The Ruby Slipper opened post-Katrina with Oz-inspiration, "there is no place like home." The restauranteurs returned to their wrecked city and started it up. 
The decor and atmosphere will make you think the place must have been open longer, y'know, one of those ancient places you find in New Orleans that has been open since the 1800's. Classic southern diner. 
The food is a southern diner style. What's that mean? All of the classics are here, but with a bit of southern twist. You can get an egg's Benedict with pulled pork instead of ham, for instance. Egg's Florentine can be made with collard greens. The food is rich and delicious, in a city known for rich and delicious food. 
A few standouts. The eggs Blackstone is a wonderful, sensible breakfast. It is just on this side of sane on a scale of "how insanely rich can we make an egg dish." Delicious. 
The banana's Foster French toast is a decadent, sweet breakfast splurge. It is almost too, too sweet. 
They make a very nice latte. 
You will wait 20-30 minutes probably. It will be worth it.This place has the rudest server I think I have ever had the displeasure to encounter, Theresa S. As we are ordering, the waitress mutters "Jesus Christ" under her breath. Very unaccommodating for swapping sides for the low carb eaters at our table, offering no alternative for fries and fruit. She would ask "Is everything alright" and "Do you need anything else" without actually stopping at our table. She charged us for every little thing, i.e. sour cream, instead of trying to make up for her bad attitude. The food was subpar, poorly seasoned, and dressed (with condiments) inadequately. We didn't even have the appropriate utensils for the food we ordered, i.e. no spoon for a side of grits. I would NEVER recommend this place as well, would not patronize this place again myself.It sucks worst biscuits I ever had and extremely pricey for the poor quality of food I will never go back.Very good breakfast in New Orleans and a great spot to meet interesting people.  Very cool place.This place was amazing!! We did the waiting line seating through the yelp app. Otherwise, the wait time would have been 75-90 minutes for our party of 7. Using the app, we were given a time to arrive and walk right up and get s seat. The service was great. Our server Alex did an amazing job. He described the food so well that some of our group ordered multiple dishes. He accurately took our orders and was so fast to refill drinks and checked on us regularly. And may I say that the place was packed. Even so, he never missed a beat. The food...we were all in heaven. This is the first time that our group went to a restaurant and every single person LOVED there food. There was not a single complaint. All in all, if I could give this place 10 stars I would. However 5 will have to do. You can't go wrong with this place.There is lots of food to be eaten in the Big Easy and every restaurant has a sign telling you that their food is the most authentic in the French Quarter. But once you go in the food is about as authentic to the area as a Popeye's Chicken in North Dakota.
Ruby Slipper Cafe is the place to go for some good food. Tucked away on the other side of Canal Street, you can get some seriously delicious eats. I had the shrimp and grits. Made with an Abita reduction, this is was a seriously delicious meal and it was served with a biscuit. this place was a true find. It was also recommended to me by a local...so to all the places in New Orleans claiming to be the "Best" this or that, grab a seat at the Ruby Slipper Cafe and learn how to cook a real meal.Decent but go to the Mid-City location instead.  Solid New Orleans breakfast, great drinks - it's a historical landmark in New Orleans but one that continues to serve great food today.We stopped in for breakfast because it was close to the hotel but we will come back for the amazing food and service. Great place for a bite if your in NOLA! The mimosas, fried green tomatoes and fresh homemade biscuits was food for the soul.Disapointment is the best way to describe my feeling towards the Banana Foster Pain  Perdu. It wasnt heavenly, it was simply dry bread with banana slices and syrup. Also, their biscuits are a bit dry for my taste. Their eggs are good, but nothing special. I did like the chicken on the St Charles Benedict though. Although they were super busy, their service was slow as it can get. It took twenty minutes to receive a water refill and an hour total of waiting for a seat and being seated before our food came out.
I wish I would have ordered something else, but oh well. Im pretty sure I would end up going to Surrey's Cafe anyways.Absolutely delicious! One of the best meals I have had in New Orleans. The menu is very creative and hip!Breakfast was great. Had 3 little pigs portion was huge. Wife had shrimp and grits and was very pleased. Service was good. Was not disappointed at all. Maybe not a must eat but very good.The portions were perfect. The mimosas were generous. The atmosphere was fun and family friendly. We all had something different and we were all thrilled with our choices. The service was friendly and engaging.This place is ridiculous. Yeah, you gotta wait a minute to get a table but sooo worth it. I've been coming to NOLA for a long time and have to say probably the best food I have had yet. If you're not a foodie than don't bother but if you are you'll have multiple foodgasms. Our waitress Neoka was top notch. Service was impeccable. We will probably be back every time we come to NOLA. Have a brandy milk punch while you're there. Can't speak highly enough about this place!Holy delicious. This was the perfect way to start the last day of my business trip to NOLA. The grits were divinely creamy, the biscuit was perfect. This is a must visit breakfast place.Our family of four came here in a heavy rain for breakfast and loved it!  The staff is really good at organizing the flow of people and dishes in and out without ever losing a gracious pace for diners.  My Florentine omelet was outstanding, as were the sides of beautifully seasoned grits and the biggest delicious biscuit I've ever seen. The standard breakfast, three pigs omelet and blackstone eggs (Benedict-like) were given top marks by my family.  We were so glad we came!  Highly recommended.Breakfast was good. 
Congested but worth it. 
Unfortunately they didn't have the morning margarita available in the morning ‍This is most definitely a breakfast stop you will want to make in NOLA. Alberto or Roberto (can't remember). Was most fabulous and helping us choose what to order. Again we ventured off our comfort zone of bacon and eggs and went for all the eggs Benedict. He told us there is one person who sits in the kitchen for eight hours making fresh biscuits every day. They're delish!Best breakfast place in town. A must stop on your travels. Great mimosas and Bloody Mary.During busy season if you want to not wait in the very long wait line, download their app and add yourself to the list app they advertise on their site or get there early by 8am!! Eggs benedicts are a hit but their coffee can surely be improved.  My party of 4 coffee drinkers all left the coffee intact. We all basically ordered to tried the regular ham benedict, fried chicken benedict and pork benedict and shared. All 3 were delicious.OMG...came here upon a friends recomendation while I was in New Orleans and I am so glad we came.  While I will say that the wait can be long, the food is for sure worth it! It has become a for sure spot every time I am in New Orleans.  My usual order is the Chicken St. Charles, which is AH-mazing! Its a piece of fried chicken breast on a buttermilk biscuit with the best taso cream sauce I have ever tasted.  (Make sure you order an extra side of the taso sauce as you will likely want to drink it straight out the bowl)  The last time I went I ordered the half/half so it was 1 chicken st. charles and 1 of the eggs cochon.  The eggs cochon was delish!Not happy with the service at all. Had friends setup a table for 6, the wait was going to be 40 mins. We arrived 15 mins later. In the meantime, they sat our friends at a table for 6 but would not accept us when we arrived. We had to end up sitting at a separate table.Got the shrimp and grits and thought it wouldn't be filling but with the added biscuit this thing had me struggling to finish it. It was also really tasty and hit the spot for this big boy. My friends also all enjoyed their food. I'd definitely come here again just to taste the other treats on their menu.After being in town for a few days, I was tired of mediocre breakfasts from various spots near my hotel...and then I stumbled upon the ruby slipper.  I ate breakfast here every morning for the rest of my trip...Portions were huge....and the food was amazing...I got the corned beef bennie, which was pretty much the best corned beef hash I have ever ever had.....and don't even get me started on the biscuits.  Do yourself a favor and indulge...you won't have to eat for 12 hours...OMG!!! Loved Loved this place. The breakfast was spot on I had the Shrimp and Grits with the biscuit and it was just what I was hoping for. Our waitress suggested adding the cheese to the grits and it is a must. This made for the perfect savory breakfast, but if you like sweet they have that too. I tried a bite of the French toast my partner ordered. It was heavenly, but after Tasting the shrimp & grits I didn't want anything more. I had to fend my partner off with my fork....
Our server, Erin C. was excellent she was spot on with suggestion, friendly, and very personable. She made us feel welcomed while dining with our 3yr old and definitely earned every bit of her tip. We love New Orleans and will definitely return. I highly recommend this place for breakfast/ brunch.Ruby Slipper was next to our hotel and it was delicious!
I'm not much of a breakfast person, so I ordered their chicken salad and fries. Their chicken salad was delicious! It was not too mayonnaise and the creole mustard added a nice kick! My friend had eggs Benedict and she thought they were delicious!
The only negative was the mimosa. I had the cranberry and my friend had The Ruby Slipper. We weren't impressed.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU JOIN THE WAITLIST!Ordered the Bananas Foster Pain Perdue. Excellent and not too sweet as I feared when it arrived. Fun place but get there early in morn to avoid lines.Went to this restaurant for brunch on a Sunday morning around 11 am, clearly a busy time for this place, we ended up waiting about 40 minutes to get a table but it was worth the wait.  This was the only breakfast we actually had during our trip to New Orleans so I don't have much to compare it to, but the chicken Charles was delicious.  It was completely different from anything I have ever had for breakfast.  Almost like a spin off of eggs Benedict.  I only wish I had more sauce, one of my biscuits was covered and the other half was completely dry so that was a bummer,  
I also wasn't a huge fan of the bloody Mary's. I heard they were some of the best in the city so I was really excited to try those but they were a little too spicy for me, I couldn't finish it.
Overall the wait staff was really great, it was definitely a long wait between being seated and getting our food but we were constantly being checked on and our water was always full, and as usual everyone was super friendly! A good place to try out for breakfast, but seems to be pretty touristy so expect to wait!Amazing food. Had the Gulf Fish and it made me smile. Atmosphere was great and I was fully satisfied. I also ordered the Irish coffee and it tasted great just couldn't taste the alcohol, which isn't a bad thing, just not sure if there was any. Either way amazing place :)Don't let the name through you off.  This is a GREAT, down-home, rustic, Southern cooking restaurant.
The many types of Eggs Benedict dishes are KILLER!  I recommend the Pork Cochon -truly amazing- and the fried chicken Benedict.
Jake , our server was a solid dude who provided great service.
I will definitely come back on my next trip to NOLA.Had breakfast there. Great service. Great personnel. Thanks Rachael. The food was wonderful. Definitely will return. You get a lot for your buckFood was fabulous! Atmosphere was busy and crowded, But the staff was caring and attentive.When you start off with a bacon infused Bloody Mary how can it be bad? Well... it can't! I had one of the local Benedicts. It was amazeballs! The biscuit was perfect, poached egg was just right and and fried chicken... yes fried chicken! I maybe shouldn't have done the second Bloody... oh well, when in Rome!This place has fresh food, unique dishes, and stellar drinks. Service is fast and friendly. Great breakfast/ brunch spot!The food was amazing. The waitress and waiters work well together.  We love the restaurant. Get there early because there is usually a line to get in but it's worth the wait.Food was good but COLD. Angela was our server, barely came to ask about food. Few staff members were rushing us to leave and kept asking for plates even though we asked for to go boxes 3 times. Wouldn't come to this location next time.My family and I stopped by the  downtown location on Magazine St. The food was alright, the wait a little long, but my service from Jimmy was great. He was fast, efficient, polite and knew exactly how to handle the "family with kids" type of table.
Will be back again!loveeee it!!!! the food looks beautiful abd our server julie is awesomeeeee! me and my friend are getting the gulf fish st peter which sounds like i'm going to go into a coma!!!!!!!When we arrived at the restaurant we almost turned away because there's was a line out the door. We figured it would probably be that way at every breakfast/brunch spot in the area so we decided to stay. After about a 35-40 minute wait, we were seated. My husband had the "Gulf Fish St. Peter."  I ordered a short stack of pancakes with a side of potatoes. My sister in law had the "BBQ Shrimp & Grits," and my brother had the French Toast. Everything was DELICIOUS! We were so glad we decided to stay at the restaurant.
P.S. order a mimosa! They are really good!omg. this place was amazing!
got in on new years eve at 2pm (they were open one extra hour)...we waited 30 min before we got in, ran some quick errands and came back, it went fast the wait.
the food was amazing
cheesecake stuffed french toast is a real thing...and it was divine
i got the skinny omelette as well(hey i like to eat, dont judge!)
service was pretty great, our server had a great energy about her, very friendly and on point with her recs.
I do wish they served drinks in glassware rather than plastic (who drinks a bellini in a plastic cup?) but maybe that was a new years weekend thing
great place...
totally would recommend it!Was visiting NOLA with a couple of friends and this restaurant was recommended to us. It was a Saturday so we had to wait about 40 minutes but it was definitely well worth the wait! I ordered the Chicken St.Charles which is fried chicken benedict with a pork sauce. I usually don't order things that heavy but was in the mood for some Fried Chicken (...When in NOLA!) It was absolutely delicious! Usually you can't go wrong with fried chicken but this fried chicken was out of the world good! The combination of the crunch from the chicken, the soft buttery biscuit, and the savory creamy pork sauce made for the perfect bite. My friend ordered the banana foster French toast and was also very satisfied with her meal. I would highly recommend this brunch place to another friend.Breakfast all day. Egg Cochon - fatty meaty version of eggs benedict. Served with deconstructed pork (pulled pork). 
Banana foster pain perdu - dessert banana version of French toast
Red velvet pancakes with cool-aid (?) sauce 
All 3 were delicious. The serving sizes were huge but we didn't want anything to go to waste. We took our time and ate them all. 
Minus one star because the servers kept asking us if they could take our plates away when we were still eating. Not sure why there was such a rush. 1/3 of the restaurant was empty.Enjoyed brunch and mimosas. The staff were very friendly and attentive and the food was amazing. I was pleasantly surprised. Needless to say, I also enjoyed the atmosphere. It was very light and airy.Oh my buttermilk biscuit! This place is hands down the best breakfast I've ever had! While there was a wait (it was Mardi Gras, it's expected) and they don't have an indoor waiting area, I can't wait to go back this week for brunch again! We almost decided against not waiting but glad we waited. It's worth the wait!! There was about a 40 min wait when we got here. The actual wait only ended up being about 30 minutes. We were sat at the bar. I started with a mimosa and then ordered the migas dish (one of their house specialties) with a buttermilk biscuit on the side. If you're into tex mex, this dish is for you. The biscuit was definitely the best biscuit I've ever had. I highly recommend trying one here.  Amazing brunch place hands down! We came back again later that week and even took one of their buttermilk biscuits to go, which we nibbled on the next morning. I ordered the migas dish again on our second visit. I will post a photo of the migas dish. If there's a wait, just wait, trust me, it's worth the wait!Came here for a rainy Saturday morning breakfast with group of 7 girlfriends vacationing in New Orleans for a long weekend.  What wonderful serendipity that Ruby Slipper was about one block away from our hotel!  (Although I would have walked much, much farther if I had known how great was the food is at this place!)  
Line was long but it moved fairly fast.  The host was very accommodating when I told him we were a party of 7.  First he suggested we split into 4 and 3, which given how crowded the place was and how hungry we were, was fine.  Host asked if this was special occasion, I shared we were visiting from Philadelphia to celebrate bachelorette style.  When our turn came up for seating, host surprised us with being able to seat all 7 of us at a table.  Kudos!! 
Now food: to die for. Simple.  Just some of the items in our order included oatmeal raisin pancake (delicious and moist, syrup not needed really), fried green tomatoes (fabulous, the remoulade was delicious), bananas foster french toast (yes, with french bread; heavenly combo of plentiful bananas, raisins, hint of rum, and not-too-soggy bread), mushroom omelette with brie (such a meltingly savory combo), and shrimp grits (perfect texture for grits, fab flavor for cajun shrimp). 
Coffee: very nice quality, not watery weak, not heavily burnt, just perfect. 
I give 5 stars for absolutely perfect in all areas.  This was close, very close.  Only thing is that servers seemed a little rushed, confused, and busy.  I'm not saying service was terrible, it was not.  It just could have  been a tad better organized/attentive.  The host and the food more than made up for that though!Ok so on our jazz fest tour we grabbed brunch here on a busy Saturday. Lots and lots of different benedicts, lots of options. Waiter was good, bloodys were better. So I got the Costa Rican/beans and rice w chorizo and egg w a side of grits, the big guy had an omelette and the chicks got several diff variations of Benedict. Hash, fried chicken, pulled pork...all we're good BUT we had to wait a long time for silverware AND the food wasn't hot. Tepid, Luke warm, not hot. Jumpin Jesus get it right people. I do have to confess...hands down the best grits ever. For reals. That alone is worth the trip. All in all a solid 3 stars for the cool funky vibe, great morning drinks, challenging menu. If the food was actually hot and we had silverware...3 3/4Food and the service was amazing - totally worth the wait! 
My only complaint is the larger manager. While waiting for our table I watched him be rude to a number of customers in addition to us.Tried this place because it was highly recommended. The line is long but the secret is to use to nowaitapp... as soon as we got there we were seated. I got the bananas foster and my boyfriend got the eggs cochon (eggs fried over hard). The bananas foster was good but a little too sweet for me (portion sizes are pretty large). I liked the eggs cochon. A good place to try at least once.This place is amazing! First of all, don't come here if you want a healthy breakfast. Get ready to feel disgusting once the adventure is over. Went here based on hotel recommendations. Thursday morning (10:30 am) with no wait. Couldn't understand the waiter when I asked a couple of questions about the dishes. But hey, please excuse us.... getting used to the accent since we are from the northeast. Ordered the Costa Rica - delicious! My husband ordered the Cochon - biscuit with a massive amount of pork. He loved it but it was way too much! If you order this dish, share it! Mimosa was just the right size for the price ($10 for a huge glass). Our waiter was super....and cute :-). He was able to split the bill (in town for a conference). Will definitely come again but I need a brake to clear out my arteries!A NOLA breakfast that lives up to the hype. Potatoes were done perfectly, service was fast and friendly. Get there early and be prepared to wait in line.Amazing food, atmosphere, and prices.  I was seated immediately st the bar.  All the staff are friendly, food is extraordinary high quality. A NOLA must see!GET THE APP. The wait is always long, today we were told 1- 1.5 hours. Being from New Orleans, we never go to "chain" places or tourist traps, but this place was worth it. Standing in the freezing cold, we noticed people walking up saying they got a text message to be seated. We saw people behind us get seated before us. We caught on to this "app" buzz and opted in. After downloading the app, we put our name on the waiting list and were texted for a table within 10 mins!!! GET THE APP! I'm not sure why these even have a hostess stand taking names.....My boyfriend and I visited for brunch. The wait was rather long wish we would have gotten there earlier. We had mimosas as we waited so that made it fun. Food and drinks were amazing as was the latte with nutmeg and yummy goodness.Fantastic service and great affordable food. I mixed and matched my eggs Benedict with the fried chicken and the pork at my waitress's suggestion. And she gave me a to-go cup of coffee with my check! Great option for casual breakfast.My family has been recommending Ruby Slipper for years and I've finally gone and loved it. We got the eggs Benedict trio and the cannoli pancakes and shared some sweet and savory. The cochon de lait Benedict was the resounding favorite! We will be making this a standard!We had the CBH Benedict & Eggs Cochon and 2 bloody Mary's and a side of potatoes.It was spendy considering you have to get potatoes on the side, but i also had to hightail to a nearby hotel to use the bathroom. The food was tasty but something wasn't right with it. Let's just say my bowel was IRATE! Service mediocre at best kind of a get em in get em out kind of deal. I'll stick with smaller less touristy establishments.Goo brunch option in New Orleans. I used the yelp feature to add my name to the waitlist before walking over from the French quarter. So the wait was very short once we arrived. Nice atmosphere and good food and drink options.Best breakfast I've had in a long time. Found these guys on Yelp, and it was only a 5 minute walk from my hotel so we decided to try it. Really glad we did! Our table had the french toast, Louisianan Omelet, and the southerner, it was all amazing. We will be back tomorrow morning to try more of the non traditional dishes. Great staff too!I was by myself so I sat at the bar. Good choice. The bartender, Mirenda said the eggs cochon was her favorite.  Amazing! Love the sauce. When I commented on the Bloody Mary, she said "I make them with love."  I believe it. Who ever made the Hollendaise sauce, made that with love, too.Wow! Super yummy Cajun breakfast!  
Everything my table had was great!
Oreo filled French toast, cinnamon French toast batons, grilled fish St. Peter , omelette. 
Red potatoes were great 
Biscuits were great
Fried cheesy grits were stupid great
Alberto was fantastic.
MAKE SURE TO DOWNLOAD THE APP NOWAIT!!!
-gets you in line before showing up.Don't waste your time or money because they don't care.  What ever you do, if you don't want runny eggs, order them hard boiled.  Cold coffee, cold toast, and cold pancakes.  Oh, and I hope you want your coffee cold.Highly recommend this place. They have good breakfast and rachael was the best so ask for her to be your server!!!I would go here for breakfast everyday if I could.  Visited on a Tuesday last week (July 10) and had an excellent breakfast. Wife ordered the bananas foster french toast and it was magnificent. I had the eggs cochon and enjoyed every bite. Great service, great food, and I would highly recommend it.The chicken st Charles was awesome! Big portions and tasty gravy. Great atmosphere Super friendly staff too.A little bit of a wait but worth it. The shrimp and grits was delicious. Also enjoyed the Ruby Slipper Mimosa to start the morning off rightThe Ruby Slipper Cafe has many accolades to their name--They were voted the best brunch spot by locals and a favorite among those on TripAdvisor.  Because of this, I knew I had to pay them a visit to see if the "shoe" fits and it certainly does!
----The Food----
Eggs Cochon ($13.00)- This dish was a dream, mainly because of the pork! Noted as their signature item, it's an eggs benedict with slow cooked, apple braised pork stacked on homemade buttermilk biscuits, topped with large poached eggs, and drizzled with hollandaise sauce.  I could eat that tender, flavorful pork all day.  While this plate is one of my favorite dishes in NOLA, I felt the thick hollandaise sauce could've used more kick/flavor.  Thankfully, the perfectly poached eggs provided some yolk to amplify the taste.  The buttermilk biscuits are admittedly better than Stanley's too.
Bananas Foster Pain Perdu ($11.00)- I commend The Ruby Slipper Cafe for trying to bring a different element to this popular dish by using actual french baguette and cutting it in odd/unique fashion to form their french toast on this plate.   However, I feel it took away from the texture of french toast that I prefer.  While it was still enjoyable, I felt myself quickly overwhelmed at meals end.  The Banana Foster at Stanley wins in this battle.  This plate is also served with rum flambeed bananas, raisins, and applewood bacon which all overshadowed the french toast, easily.  
Cheese grits ($3.25)- Who doesn't like cheese grits?! 
----
Conclusion: With the fun, charming atmosphere and vast, affordable brunch menu, I'd recommend this spot as a must-visit in NOLA--ESPECIALLY for their Eggs Cochon!
Extra Notes:
-Accepts credit card
-Parties of 6 or more will be charged a 18% service charge
-Love the decor, seating styles, chalkboard menus, and picnic tables outside
-Wait times seem to be fumed about on Yelp, but I was seated quickly
-Service could be more attentive here, but friendly
-Restrooms could be cleanerGreat space, good AC, which is critical in NOLA.
There is a line outside, but turnover is fast. It's kind of pricy. $13 for eggs. Service, atmosphere and music are cool. 
I got the eggs cochon(eggs bennie over fresh biscuit and pulled pork). It was cooked perfectly, and very filling, although for $13 I would have liked a side of some kind.
The lost star was for the price. Otherwise, great spot.We started our morning here with breakfast; seeing how busy it was, we had high hopes for our experience here.
We ordered two benedicts, the eggs cochon (pork debris) and chicken st. charles (fried chicken). While the egg cochon benedict was good, the fried chicken on the st charles benedict was very disappointing. It was not hot, dry, and flavorless. We had fried chicken every day on our trip to NOLA, and while this was mainly a benedict dish, it had the worst fried chicken we had on this trip.
Another thing that was disappointing was that we didn't get our utensils right away; we got them after getting our waiter's attention AFTER having our meals sent to us. Our waiter was nice and all, but missing utensils is such a sad feeling especially when food is right in front of us, seriously!
Maybe it was just an off day?Judging from the other ratings maybe I went to the wrong location or I ordered the wrong thing. 
I like the ambiance, I like decor, the staff was very friendly, anyone who walked past me spoke which was awesome. I love when restaurants make me feel like i'm shopping in a department or boutique. 
I ordered the French Toast, pork sausage, and stone ground grits. I asked the host early on what the kitchen time was so I could hurry back to my office, she said 15 minutes  I waited for 30. I saw people who arrived well after I did get their food first. I was even a lil more perturbed that the bartender I ordered with kept eyeing me but never walked over to reassure me that my food was on its way or offer me a drink or even see if i wanted one. He failed at up-selling me. Finally my food came and then he asked if there was anything I needed. UH NO. I've wasted 30 minutes of my life I'll never get back and I'm in too much of a rush to order anything else, even a drink, on the chance I could be waiting here another 30 minutes. **rolls eyes. 
I walked back to my office mumbling "this sh** better be worth 30 minutes." 
It was not. 
My french toast wasn't finished cooking, they were really wet all over and seemed to only be cooked on one side. The sausage was fine but didn't really have any flavor. And the stone ground grits i just don't prefer. I don't believe anything was wrong with them. 
I really didn't have time to turn around to get my French Toast redone because I had already waited so long. 
I don't think I would ever go back i would choose "Another Broken Egg" over this place ANY DAY.This place was our favorite meal on our visit to NOLA!  Everything we ordered was a total hit!  Best egg benedicts I've ever had and love that you can create your own combo.  We ordered Bacon Bloody Marys, The Peacemaker, Costa Rican, Croque Madame, and Cinnamon Swirl Pancakes.  Peacemaker (one Eggs Cochon, served on a bed a pulled pork and one Chicken St. Charles)...can't wait to go back for this.  Costa Rican...Scrambled eggs over black beans, rice, sausage and tomato salsa - yum! Croque Madame - huge and delicious (made 2 meals out of it).  And the pancakes - no syrup needed as it had this heavenly cream cheese glaze on top.  This place is a must!Food is delicious, drinks and service are good. We got the fried chicken benedict and the pulled pork one as well. We also got a Bloody Mary and it was flavorful and the right amount of spice. They also have a kids menu.  Using yelp to wait in line for you is the way to go. It was a busy Saturday and we got in about 5 minutes after arriving instead of waiting 45 minutes.  Downsides are that it's very loud in there and the restrooms are not super clean.Local Gem! Tried Chicken St. Charles and it was yummy. Good food and worth the wait! Server (with the pretty color dyed hair) was super nice and shared the story of how Ruby Slipper was first started!It took a while to get into this place, but it was definitely worth it. Biscuits were phenomenal (not too dry) and all the food was really great. Sad to have learned about this place on the last day of our trip. Definitely recommended and will definitely be back.Worst management of wit time ever. I was with a baby and did the reservation through the app (wait time 1 hour). I went there and waited even longer than that. And at the end, i was notified to wait 15more minutes. The staff did the least of efforts to accommodate me with a little baby. Obviously, i left and I'm leaving this review.We had a great experience here! The food and service were wonderful. Julie was our server and she was extremely friendly and attentive.  We had the cornbread Benedict and the salmon omelette and both were tasty.  The bloody was very good too! We put our name on the wait list through this app and it worked out perfect...Sunday before Jazz fest so happy the wait wasn't insane for us.  We plan on going back before leaving town.use the nowait app! the line is ridiculously long. the egg cochon with pork was delicious. the pork was very tender and flavorful. the egg, pork, and english muffin trio definitely worked well. the iced coffee only comes with 2% milk fyi. very loud atmosphere but an overall pleasant way to recuperate from bourbon street madness the night beforeWe went to the Ruby Slipper in Pensacola. We were dazzled, so we had to go to the Ruby Slipper here in New Orleans. Hands down Pensacola has it over this New Orleans location. The food was prepared so much better in Pensacola than at this New Orleans location. We both got the chicken Saint Charles. The chicken was overcooked and the poached eggs were a little overdone, plus we had to ask for extra sauce.  We wanted to love it, but we were just a bit disappointed.  We thought it would be even better in NO.I sliced into the poached egg and watched the the runny liquid drizzle slowly over the corned beef. It was like cutting into the heart of the world, and watching life itself spill over. I felt the gravity of the earth shift as I inserted the saturated biscuit into my drooling mouth.Delicious brunch here! It was packed when my family & I came here 2 years ago, but luckily seating outside with 3 people got us a table very quickly. 
The pancakes were truly amazing as it was so moist & delicious! The BBQ shrimp grits was also quite delicious as it was full of flavor. The sangria was a bit strong, and not to my liking. But, the freshly made biscuits were to die for. YUM!
Service was top notch, and the waitress was very friendly and attentive.
*I am very excited to come back to NOLA in a week, and I can't wait to eat brunch here! Hopefully the line won't be too packed.
**Edit: Just came back from a weekend trip from NOLA & ate here a few days ago. Please download the wait app, and register yourself to be on line to eat here because it can be busy. But the foods (as usual) was delicious. This time, I tried their banana foster french toast & it was so damn delicious! It was probably one of the best banana fosters I have eaten. I came w/ a party of 10 & most of us agreed that it was very delicious, and light (not overwhelmingly sweet). BBQ shrimp grits still tasted fantastic!One of the best breakfast we have ever had!  Authentic New Orleans breakfast food that is reasonably priced, not too spicy and tasted excellent.  We ate here several times during our trip and would love to go back!Great food and coffee! The Southern breakfast with potatoes was delicious, especially with the fried green tomato and their amazing butter! The vanilla chai iced coffee was the best I have had on this trip, thus far! I highly recommend getting on the waitlist on yelp before going. It's a popular place, so it will be a good 30-45 minute wait, unless you do the yelp thing and shorten it!I dont leave review's often but i had to share how great my brunch was!! From start to finish i had a wonderful experience. Jacus took such good care of us! It was busy but he didnt miss a beat! Drinks came quickly and all orders were delivered correctly. The st peters fish was delicious . Its too bad im only visiting because  if i could id be coming every weekend!!!Went here based on a recommendation from a friend. Can't go wrong. The kids meal portion is worthwhile and a good value for the price. 
The trifecta was delicious, my favorite was the pulled pork! The mimosas were decent. The latte was wonderful.
A delicious meal overall. Nice that you can be added to the waitlist. Solid 4 starsFood was great!  Service was awesome!  Mimosa was delicious.....however.....if I'm paying $10 for a mimosa please use glass. A plastic wineglass is sooooo budget.Absolutely fantastic!! Good food for your buck and the vibe is great! Very open and full of light, perfect for breakfast!Super busy. We showed up with my son in his carriage and they found us a good table within 10 minutes. Service very personable. Coffee great. Corned beef hash Benedict so good! Taste of horseradish in the hollandaise- not spicy, just an added taste. Easy to eat happy and gluten free.OMG, loved my breakfast here.  Didn't love the wait but loved the food.  When they finally call your name, your so happy you don't care you have to sit at the counter.  Just happy to be inside NOLA can get hot.  I ordered the French bread French toast, It was the best French toast ever.  I came here three days in a row.  Guess I liked it, lol.  Everything is presented so nice, you just want to take a pic before diving in.  A must on a NOLA visit. Just remember, be ready to wait.Great food and service. Highly recommend the shrimp boogaloo and eggs cochon. Perfect portions and the mimosas live go to their reputation.Busy atmosphere with an attentive staff. I enjoyed the house special, eggs cochon. Magnificent!  It was accompanied with fried green tomatoes that were perfectly prepared. The menu is great and all the dishes looked amazing. A must have when in NOLA.Great food and good atmosphere! Love the music and food. Had the 3 pig omelet - recommend it!I used the No Wait option incorporated in the Yelp app to reserve a table and waltzed right in to be seated. I ordered the cinnamon swirl pancakes which appeared appetizing but in actuality was not (great presentation, why didn't I snap a pic?). It resembled the taste of cornbread with cream cheese icing drizzled on top. Once drenched in syrup though, it was much improved. Also ordered a breakfast special to go  for my girlfriend - underwhelming. The grits were very bland as well. No need to return here.An absolutely great place for breakfast! We got there at opening time (7:00 am) and were seated right away. The service was great, kept our coffee cups full. The Fried chicken on homemade biscuits and the Banana Fosters French toast are a must! Definitely coming back here before we leave!I had the shrimp and grits and it was yummy. But be warned I'm not an experience shrimp and grits eater. Probably only my third time having it in my life. I cleaned the plate, the shrimp tasted good, it wasn't chewy nor didn't it have a funky taste. Shrimp was fresh cooked and the sauce wasn't too salty but tasty. I ate all the biscuit, dipped it in the sauce. I sat at the bar counter and the 2 servers were awesome, nice friendly and positive attitude. One of the servers name (from the check) is named Michael L.  I don't know the other guy's (server) name. He was awesome and friendly too.My favorite breakfast place to eat in New Orleans. The restaurant has that funky Nawlins vibe and the food to match. I had an eggs Benedict with pulled pork that I would definitely recommend. The downside to this place is the wait. There was a line the two times I went and every time I walked past the place.It's great to have multiple locations scattered through New Orleans! While we didn't do the main drag ones, we did the one of the beaten path near Frenchmen St. No line and no wait. The food was incredible. Awesome BLT sandwich and amazing fried chicken sandwich. My fries were undercooked but still well seasoned. Would highly recommend!Long wait, great mimosas and tasty food. Service was quick once at the table and everything looked super yummy. Their biscuits were mouthwatering and filling. The Puerto Rican breakfast is a must and get the chorizo to top it off!This place had awesome food and drinks and the best service. Friend and I went for brunch, and she had the pancakes and a latte. I ordered a catfish dish and they were both delicious! The chef walked around and greeted us 3 times thanking us and showing much gratitude for stopping by. The server was awesome too!!! Thank you New Orleans for your hospitality and awesome service! Looking forward to coming back again! This place is popular, we waited almost an hour to eat.Breakfast was delicious.  There were long lines over the weekend so we went on a Monday morning.  Prices were reasonable and the food did not disappoint.  Closes early so plan ahead.Yum.  On vacation we came back twice to this great restaurant.  There was a line each time we went, but it was for good reason. The the food is delicious and the staff is great,  My friends ordered the eggs cochon and I ate the Florentine Omelet.  Love, love, love the food!I would've given this place five stars but we had to wait about 45 mins to go inside. It was essence festival weekend so the place was extremely packed but it was worth it!Love, love, love this place! Visited NOLA the first weekend of October and lucky us, it was within walking distance from our hotel. It was a Saturday morning around 10:30 and we waited about 45 minutes to be seated. BUT..drum roll please..they have the nicest servers that will bring you drinks while waiting. I highly recommend the Bacon Bloody Mary because it was amaze and who doesn't love bacon?! They have inside or outside seating and the inside is way bigger than it looks from the outside. To the important stuff - FOOD! I am an omelet addict and this place filled my expectations. Superb and tasted very fresh. The 3 others I joined with had no complaints either! See my pics for delish dishes at The Ruby Slipper (sorry I don't remember the names of what my crew ordered!). Point is, click those heels and wish to be at The Ruby Slipper. You'll be happy you did!This place was absolutely amazing, the food was PHENOMENAL!! We came as a group and intend on coming back before our trip is over. The peacemaker was AMAZING the pork n chicken were both very flavorful. The bbq shrimp and grits and cane butter with the biscuit OMG!!! If you have never had grits these will change your life!! The banana French toast praline was absolutely amazing!!! I got the French toast batons and they were absolutely amazing and flavorful!! The only down side was the wait BUT the turnover wasn't terrible we waited about 40 mins.Will never darken their door again.  Visiting on business with colleagues.  Tried to join the group after their food had been delivered and was told that I couldn't - by a rather rude waiter.  All I wanted to do was have a seat and a cup of coffee.  Guess not.  Great southern hospitality my a__!Fabulous brunch!  Chicken Saint Charles was devine and large servings!  Reasonably priced and almost didn't want to try a new place the next morning.We eat there on Thursday and Friday morning.  The food was delicious.  My husband had the Banana Foster and a side of corn beef hash I had the Miami slice.  Both were great and we left completely satisfied.  The prices were reasonable for excellent food.  Especially considering we had been spending a fortune eating mediocre meals. (Had not been using yelp)
On Friday he had the Migas and a side of corn beef hash and I had the Miami slice.  Again left really happy.  I had been nursing a hang over both days and felt better after their meals.  
The service was wonderful.  There was no wait.  The food came promptly and the service staff was on point asking if everything was to our liking and if we needed anything.  The restaurant has a clean appearance and the wait staff were efficient and friendly.  
I had one mishap with a diet coke being overly sweet and the waitress took care of it immediately. 
Overall, best breakfast we ate there!Came here for brunch on a Saturday weekend before Fat Tuesday.  We used the no wait app which was a life saver.  It saved us for a 2 hour wait.  We ordered the Pulled port Benedict and the croque madame.  Both where equally delicious! Also ordered the bacon infused Bloody Mary which was hands down the best bloody I have had in my life.  They also use a generous amount of champagne in their mimosas.  I do wish they had some kind of unlimited deals.  But it was definitely worth the price!Good morning New Orleans. What a delicious way to wake up. Be prepared to wait even if you use the app to put yourself in line. But it is all worth it. Excellent Customer service, tastebuds pleasing and tummy filling food. I had the bbq shrimp and grits with a biscuit and honey butter.  Omg... the biscuit is so perfect but to add the honey butter makes it a piece of heaven.  The Hubbs had the Chicken st
Charles and a side of applewood bacon. All good.Best breakfast in New Orleans by far. The Corned Beef Bennie was terrific, and the French Toast was amazing.  Good service and a fun atmosphere. Arrived around 12:30 and there was quite a line,  but only took about 10 minutes to get seated.Long wait early in the day but food and drinks are delicious! Tasty Bloody Mary, Egg Cochon Benedict and Smoked Salmon Benedict was delicious.Be prepared to wait, according to regulars there is always a line during regular breakfast hours. But....once you are seated be prepared for some interesting takes on breakfast favorites. Even though they were packed, the service was fast and friendly and the food arrives quickly. They really turn the tables here! 
God food and a fun atmosphere make this a place we will definitely visit again.
PS Grab a mimosa while you are waiting and it helps the time pass... :)I ate here a couple of time while in New Orleans.  The first time we waited about 10-15 mins before being seated, which wasn't bad.  The second visit, we had no wait at all.  The service was great the first visit, but not that great the second time.  The waitress just wasn't as attentive and nice as the waitress we had on our first visit.  The food was good both times.  Big portion and great flavor combinations.  My only complaint would be the food was never hot, just kind of warm.  Obviously, a restaurant like this that is always packed and busy doesn't make everything fresh to order, but there should be some way to make sure it's at least hot when it comes to the table.  Overall, if I'm ever back in town I would hit this place up again and if you are looking for a good breakfast place and are in the area check it out!Came in for a quick bite. There was a line out the door, but quick and friendly service at the bar. Had the Miami slice! That is one tasty sandwich. Mouthwatering savory flavors. One perfectly balanced sandwich... Do not pass this one up.I ordered the Eggs couchon not knowing what to expect. 
Out comes this awesome delightful breakfast.Ruby Slipper do one thing and they do it well; breakfast. 
The atmosphere has just enough noise to remind you that everyone here is brimming with energy and is ready to start a day. 
The breakfast was delicious, i love that you have the option of getting some Louisiana personality on the plate as they can put Gulf Shrimp in your omelettes. 
The juices, coffee, service...the whole experience, 5 stars no less. 
I would be eager to go there again if i revisit NOLA.
:-DThe food was decent, definitely not worth the wait at all. We waited in the line for more than 2hr 30mins. We never knew about the app, probably that could have saved us some time. Staff was friendly & ambiance was ok. Not sure why everyone thinks this is the best place to get breakfast or brunch in New Orleans. Cocktails were the best Bloody Marry and Margarita definitely try them.
Ordered Egg Cochon that was good, my shrimp and grits was not that great. Definitely not worth the hype.Staff were great but the food was just ok. Nothing special at all. Many better choices in NOLA if you are going for the food.The Costa Rican breakfast was good. Make sure to get there early wait is long. Nice place overall and mimosas get the job done.The first time I went I ordered the chicken salad sandwich. It was a good just a tad too spicy for me. 
My sister ordered the French toast sticks and they are to die for!!! Soooo yummy. They were so good we went back the next day!use the nowait app! the line is ridiculously long. the egg cochon with pork was delicious. the pork was very tender and flavorful. the egg, pork, and biscuit trio definitely worked well. the iced coffee only comes with 2% milk fyi. very loud atmosphere but an overall pleasant way to recuperate from bourbon street madness the night beforeI am so sad to have to give this a one star review. One of my friends was in town and wanted to go here, so I agreed to go with her. It was crowded but we only had to wait about 5 minutes before we were seated. Waitstaff were very friendly. Going by the descriptions on the menu, the food sounded delicious. I ordered the bananas foster pain perdu, she ordered the peanut butter stuffed French toast and a mimosa. Y'all, I have to stop there.
The only thing good about the pain perdu was that they actually used french bread. It was bone dry on half, and not what I would call a custard on the other side. The "bananas foster" sauce was bland. My friend's French toast was dry but the peanut butter filling and chocolate sauce topping was good, so that slightly made up for it. I can give them that the service and bacon was really good! The table next to us was complaining amongst each other about their food as well.
This really takes a downhill turn less than an hour later because WE. GOT. SO. SICK! I really dislike having to spend $45 on brunch, when I could cook do a better job cooking the same at the house and we would not be sick right now. Believe this, there are much better brunch spots within blocks of here, coming from a local.A hearty breakfast is a priority for my spouse, and Yelp helped us find this fantastic eatery! We ate here on Wed 5/10 @9:00 am. The wait was 25 min but worth it! I had the Louisiana Omlette with grits and a huge biscuit and spouse had an omelette as well, but I don't recall what it was, but both of us devoured our meals! 
My only regret was that I was only able to eat here twice as my conference provided continental breakfast at the hotel and I was obliged to avail myself of that! 
Spouse ate here for all his breakfasts, sitting at the counter, engaging with other patrons and staff and enjoying delicious food. The Special he had this morning was a combination of hush puppies, shrimp and artichoke.
MJ, our server was pleasant and fun! We enjoyed watching him create Bloody Mary's and Mimosa. 
When inNew Orlean's, pay a visit to the Ruby Slipper for an incredible breakfast and unending hot coffee!Brunch was good and affordable.
Best Bloody Mary I've had in years. I got mine bacon infused.
I would stick to house specials.
I got the smoked salmon, (it was cooked),
I'm used to raw. 
Wife got the catfish coubion, which was good but not great.
Erin our server was super friendly and made or experience much more enjoyable.
I would go back.Great food (get the hash!).  It was a bit cramped given its popularity and volume of tables.The service here was incredible. The staff was attentive and the food and beverages came quickly. We left our bloody Mary's behind and the manager ran out asking if we forgot the to go cups which just shows how much they care about their customers' happiness even when they leave. I was in love with the bacon Bloody Mary toppings. I don't think the bacon infused vodka they used for the bacon Bloody Mary  added a whole lot, but the candy bacon served with it was delicious and sweet. The crawfish Benedict was the daily special and a great choice! The egg covered potatoes were seasoned really well. They also know what they're doing when it comes to French toast. It was crunchy on the outside but really fluffy on the inside and went wonderfully with the maple syrup. I think the carrot cake pancakes could have tasted more like carrot cake. It was good but not my first choice. All in all a must brunch spot in nolaA great brunch spot!!  The girlfriend ordered the red velvet pancakes and I ordered the Basic Breakfast.  Both were awesome.  Also, they have mimosas.  Great service, too!!My favourite place for breakfast/brunch in NOLA!Not a conventional breakfast place. Odd menu but creative options which is a nice place. Some of the nicest service, great waiters and waitresses and servers. It's very loud and overcrowded but tolerable. 
But the food to me... just wasn't good. I got the eggs cochon and they tasted off. The only thing that could salvage my tongue was the free strawberry jam, haha. I'd give the service a 5, the atmosphere a 3, and the food a 2, so overall a 3.
Maybe when I'm back in town I'll give it another try.The food was good but nothing special compared to other breakfasts we've had in New Orleans. The waiter was nice but not exceptionally friendly or welcoming. The food was overpriced for the quality we had - biscuits were stiff and cold. A decent breakfast but nothing outstanding.Get there early or prepare to stand in line. The wait is worth it. Have a drink while you wait. 
Order your choice of two Egg Benedict dishes So you can try more than one. 
The grits were well prepared. Creamy with just the right amount of salt. 
Bloody Mary or Bellini- start your day with deliciousness.It was certainly worth the wait...   Extremely good food and the staff was awesome!  I recommend you add this place to your New Orleans bucket list.  You will NOT be disappointed!!! 
Don't forget to reserve your space in line with the Yelp app.Loved this place. Had to wait awhile, but the Irish coffee made it ok. Mimosas were awesome. I ordered the smoked salmon Benedict and it was so good. Highly recommend this place for brunch.Found this appt on our last day in New Orleans & had one of the best breakfasts we've ever eaten! We had the Trifecta & the cheesecake stuffed French toast & both were phenomenal! So worth the wait... you won't be disappointed!Where do I begin...this place was prob our favorite restaurant in NOLA for sure! We went here several mornings, and the wait was worth it every time!!! The first time I had the Louisiana omelet and the second time Catfish and grits..both were AMAZING!!! My husband had the bananas foster French toast BOTH times- it was that good. Our friends ordered the stuffed French toast (cheesecake filling!), shrimp and grits, and st Charles and when I say the table was SILENT, it was silent! All that could be heard were "mmmmm" or "mmm, mmm, mmm" lol! We loved everything about this restaurant and will for sure be back when we visit NOLA again!Great place to grab breakfast without costing a fortune .. you can get some unusual items with a Cajun flare but you can also stay safe and traditional. I realllllly wanted the stuffed French toast but was trying to not going into diabetic coma so early in the morning.  This was super close to our hotel THE SAINT.Cannot say enough good things about this place. First off download the nowait app and use it to put yourself in line while you are still getting ready so that you can show up with just a few minutes to spare and skip the line. The bacon Bloody Mary is a must! And then we both did the peacemaker with the Benedict's and we fell in love! There is no bad decision with the Benedict's I just wish there was one back in San AntonioA great breakfast/lunch place.  Comfortable open atmosphere.  The wait staff are friendly, quick, and responsive, and look happy to be there. The menu is two pages, but they offer a pretty wide range of updates and new takes on traditional breakfast, brunch, and lunch meals. For instance, they have multiple takes on Eggs Benedict, each with their own twist; They do a few things and do them well.  The poached eggs are cooked perfectly and a frequent item on the menu.  The Bourbon Milk Punch and Bloody Mary are both well made with a solid kick and great flavorWe had a so/so experience at the Canal St location, but really wanted to try the French toast, so we went to this location on the last day of our trip. What a different experience! Our waitress, Mary, was AMAZING. So sweet, friendly, and fast too! The food was better - every single one of us liked our meal more!! One got the French toast of the day (omg amazing). I got the vegetarian omelet and it was outstanding. The grits here weren't as good as at the other location (weird, right?) but everything else was better. One of our coffee cups was dirty inside (kind of gross), but Mary brought a new cup of coffee right away. Such a good meal and a SUPER COOL restaurant. The vintage U shaped bar is stunning and the decor is so much fun. I didn't like the shared booths at the other location; it was nice to have our own table at this spot. Loved it and loved Mary!Hands down the best part of my trip was at this place! We waited over 2 hours to get in, but luckily they make it easy to stay connected and know your place in line. Plus, the outside drink service let's you pregame with their awesome mimosas and bloody Mary's. A friend form our group said it was "the best Bloody Mary" he has ever had...well...he had 4! Our waiter was the BEST! Half waiter, half comedian. I believe he goes by the alter ego Danny Flamingo. This guy is what made this brunch SO MUCH FUN! To top it all off- the food was AMAZING! Highly recommend the eggs Benedict with the pork debris- SO F*%^*#% GOOD!!! Although all of the food was amazing and the servings are very generous!Average at best. Friendly staff. Used the waitlist app and still waited another 15 min after the suggested arrival time. They also ran out of spoons and I drank hot chocolate through a straw. The pictures make the food look great but there was something left to be desired.The Ruby Slipper came highly recommended by every person we asked about New Orleans. I am happy to report our wait was only about 30 minutes, but it was also on a stormy ass Thursday morning in March. 
I was glad it didn't feel like a tourist haven or trap, whichever you prefer, as it seemed locals and tourists dine side-by-side here. Aside from the wait, all was smooth, our service was good (fast) and friendly. We had bloody marys and lynchburg lemonades which were strong and good. 
I found the food to be about average for a brunch spot. Maybe I am spoiled because I live in Chicago and we brunch like tomorrow will never come, but I thought the food was just GOOD, not GREAT. I would have been frustrated if we had to wait more than 30 minutes.
That said, maybe I just didn't get the right thing. I had the cochon Benedict, Hollandaise on the side. Which I am glad for as the Hollandaise here tastes like a heavy cheese sauce. The biscuit was great, tasted homemade as I am sure it was. The pork was moist but I found it a bit too sweet, like apple juice or cider tasting for my own preference. This is what kind of ruined it for me.
That said, I also tried the fried green tomato BLT which was quite yummy.
I think the fact that this food is only worth waiting 30 mins for pretty much sums up my thoughts about the place. Not the worst I've had, but certainly not the best either. I'd recommend it just to say you went, I suppose.We ate breakfast with a party of 6.  Our wait was short at 9:15 a.m. on a weekday.  Servers were friendly and attentive.  We enjoyed our breakfast and bloody mary's very much. We would absolutely go back if visiting NOLA again.Delicious! Ashley & Ambrielle were efficient , upbeat and made the wait easy. Our waitress Sandy was a sweetheart too. Excellent service for sure. 
The Cochon & St Thomas were amazing! Grits were creamy, perfect. 
Peach Mimosa was a great start to a fun NOLA adventure. 
Next time I'm in town, The Ruby Slipper will definitely be a place on the "must do" list.For about $12 you get a filling breakfast, and for an extra 5 bucks you can drown yourself in a mimosa or Bloody Mary to go with your brunch. My favorite is the Spanish omelet (complete with some red pepper sauce slathered all over the omelet--YUM) and the Eggs Cochon. There is something special about debris that is just so gross and delightful at the same time. If you aren't weirded out by offal then definitely order it because you won't regret this meal. Also, their potatoes are fantastic. Expect to wait in line for about 45 minutes to over an hour on weekends after 10am.This place is a hoot that is always hopping!  For the most fun, sit at the bar for breakfast and watch their unique Bloody Marys & other drinks prepared.  The food is fantastic.  It's name originates from being one of the very first restaurants opened after Katrina: the ruby slippers are Dorothy's from the Wizard of Oz as she tapped them together while saying, "There's no place like home."  Now we know why New Orleans residents rebuild.  This unique and wonderous place is like no other.We literally ran to get here before closing. We had read and heard great reviews from visitors and locals alike. We were not disappointed. The food was great and the restaurant eclectic. They are only open for breakfast and lunch so get here early. I had the pork and eggs Benedict. I personally like a little crystal on top. Delicious!First off my party of 4 used a waiting app that had us arriving and ready after 3 hours, once we checked into the restaurant, we waited an additional 1 hour. Then we were seated at the bar. Once we were seated, we waited another 1 hr 15 mins for food. Once my food arrived I was starved but the food was simply tasty. Nothing spectacular. The wait staff was very inattentive. We had to wait about 15 minutes for them to recognize that we were splitting checks. I had to eat my food without water, as I only had my initial beverage filled. It was crowded but not in the restaurant so much. The glasses looked spotty and dingy too. Overall, I will not be back again.What a bummer I was so excited to try this place out and after a small wait I was seated at the bar, this is where it all went wrong.  If this place was open round the clock and this bar was a booze first bar I would understand the bad experience I had. However this is a food service bar and Michelle behind the bar should not be in food service. Poor service. Rude responses to basic questions. Ones like can I get a side of that sauce....no. can I have an Arnold palmer.....no. can I get a refill of coffee....stare. wasn't just me customers on my left and right discussed the same topic with me. No southern hospitality here if Michelle is working. I'm just hoping she was having a bad day.This place was right outside of our hotel so it was super convenient but we actually didn't end up eating here until our last day (Wed). We tried on a Mon but there was a pretty long wait. (I hear you can check in online-I would totally recommend doing that)
A couple people had recommended their mimosas and they did not disappoint. They were delicious and much bigger than your average mimosa. 
As for food, I ordered the Chicken St Charles Benny, my friend ordered the Migas and we got the bananas fosters French toast to share. (We came to Nola to eat) Everything was incredible. 
The Benny was a biscuit w fried chicken, poached egg and this delicious cream sauce on top. I was worried it would be dry but it wasn't at all. I normally would say that crystal hot sauce goes on everything in Nola but this didn't need anything at all. SO GOOD.Great place to stop in for a tasty breakfast at reasonable prices. I had the Three Pigs omelet, my wife had some a la carte selections, and our son had the kid's double chocolate pancake with bacon.  All were excellent.  Highly recommend it.Breakfast or brunch this place has a good selection. However you have to get in line 30 mins prior to opening doors because the line is long. I made the mistake of not getting their early and got tired of waiting so I left the first time and came back the second time. The second time I did get seated and it was surprisingly a nice breakfast. Nothing fancy just diner type meal. I tried the classic short stack and topped it with fruit compote and did the side of sausage.  The waitress kind of rushed me and my guest, so it was a fast breakfast.
Hours are limited and the lines are long so I will try this place again next time in NOLA if I have time.If this is the standard 4 star place for a brunch place in NOLA...the bar is set extremely low. 
Negatives:
Fried chicken Benedict: dry. Food was borderline cold probably due to sitting (although our food didn't even take long to make)
Banana Foster French Toast: sloppy FT drenched in syrup. No thanks
Pancakes: was hoping for a thick crispy pancake but received thin and boring cakes. No thanks again.
pros:
+Made reservation through the NoWait App = No Wait.
+Decent/Good Bloody Mary but an extra $2 for one slice of bacon...ughh ok.This was a delight. We just arrived and saw good reviews of this place which is near my hotel. We order peacemaker (any two types of egg Benedict/ I got st Charles and crispy fried chicken one) and my friend got this typical breakfast thing. I would advise anyone to use the yelp waiting list cause it was very helpful and I waited for only 2-3 minutes after I check in. The waiter was attentive and food was awesome. The price is good. So I highly recommend anyone to go for it. Just make sure to use yelp waiting list so you won't have to waste time waiting.The Ruby Slipper is a great choice for breakfast!  Try their salmon omelette or the peacemaker bennies.....so amazing!  The bacon infused vodka for the bloody Mary's is smooth and really good.  The service is great!  Erin was our server the second time we went there.  She was terrific.  She went twice and nearly everyone we encountered the first time remembered us.  That was an unique experience considering we were simply there on vacation, but they treated us like regulars.  All in all this restaurant is a must for any trip to New Orleans!  Loved every delicious second!Awesome place!! Stays pretty busy so go early. After 9 they have a huge line. Food was wonderful and service was on point :)The waiter was very attentive and happy doing his job. He suggested the food choice and I enjoyed it very much, cannot remember the name exactly but it was like "cochon"  The wait was only about 5 minutes to get a table.  I would return if in New Orleans againI've visited NOLA three times, and every time I go back to Ruby Slipper is my go to breakfast place there. It is very well worth the wait, or if you want to get seated right away, make the effort to wake up early. 
I would HIGHLY recommend the Eggs Cuchon. It is definitely my favorite item I have ordered there. The egg is cooked perfectly and the slow braised pork blends in perfectly with the taste. It is very filling and I never leave without feeling bloated.Stumbled into a another pair of tourists in NOLA when we were looking for a new place to go because the place to which we were headed was closed.  They recommended Ruby Slipper and making a reservation through Yelp.  We did and it was great.  Food was excellent and atmosphere was nice.  Wish that my food issues prevented me from having one of my favorite breakfast drinks - Blood Mary - because the Blood Mary's at Ruby's looked amazing!Delicious! A friend told me I must try this place while in NOLA. There are a few different locations so I tried the one closest to the place I stayed at. I didn't want something too heavy and I was told the plates are a good portion and so I chose the eggs cochon. This dish was amazing and satisfying. The best was that delicious iced coffee I had. Loved the vibe and decor of the place!I'm here right now and I never want to leave. I am a huge salt and pepper adder to food. I haven't added anything! It needed no tweaking, it came out perfect! I got the Eggs Cochon and my friend got the Egg Blacksmith. We both were in love. And this is a review from a local! I'm going to put my phone down now so I can finish my meal!!!!!Great food and even better service. We had the catfish with grits and the pancakes. Bloody Mary was excellent also. The chef came out and talked to everyone in the restaurant, thanking them for coming and checking on there meal. Unbelievable service. We'd definitely recommend this restaurant!Went here on the last day of our vacation in NOLA. The winds were whipping that day and a picture flew off of the wall and hit my wife in the head. It was just a cardboard picture and lightweight frame but nonetheless it's not what you expect with your breakfast!
The manager and staff were really apologetic and comped our meal even though we said it was not necessary. Thanks for the memorable time Ruby Slipper, we'll definitely come back next time were in town.
Oh yeah, food was great!Food is great but the seating situation is atrocious! They allow people to linger at their tables long after the bill has been paid and even as customers are waiting in the heat at the door. There's very little seating that's not at the bar or in uncomfortable, high top wood chairs as it is. I used the "No Wait" app and when our time was supposed to be up, we proceeded to the hostess stand only to be told we needed to wait longer until a table actually became available. We were then shoved to the side and made to wait an additional 20 minutes before our table was in fact ready. The No Wait system only works in theory if the timeline is not actually put into practice. It's not fun to hear that your table is ready if it in fact isn't. I understand wait times at popular places can be long but my issue was with the complete lack of organization and breakdown in front of house communication. NOT WORTH THE WAIT OR THE TROUBLE - go elsewhere.Great Bloody Mary, the special was good but could have been better if it did not sit under the heat lamp so long... Also the king cake drink was awesomeI have found my new favorite place in New Orleans for brunch.  No matter what the wait is it is worth it!   The smell was intoxicating.  We had the Louisiana Omelet and the Shrimp Boogaloo Benedict.  The Benedict was amazing!   The atmosphere is busy and fun.  The service was great.  We will definitely return on our next visit.Food was ok. Applewood bacon was the best item on the dish. Pancakes came cold, but what was more disappointing was how sticky the floors were. I should've gone to the bathroom first. Had I done that, I would've never eaten here. Not certain why this place attracts so many? It has to be location because it's definitely not the food.Too much hype food came out cold or maybe it was the AC on full blast we had to eat and run out of there...feel bad for staff have to walk out and scream your name."There's no place like the Ruby Slippers".. lol.  After a failed breakfast attempt at another restaurant, this place sure did make up for it. The food was delicious. The Grits Are The BOMB, and bacon was to die for.. lol.. I definitely recommend this place!! 5 stars..Apart from the wait (and that is an issue), this was a wonderful place for breakfast.  Had the Eggs Cochon with a bloody marry, brandy milk, and coffee.  And it was the definition of breakfast of champions.   The Eggs Cochon were creamy, savory, and utterly satisfying.  The poached eggs were perfect, and the pork ample and addictive over a warm biscuit.  The hollandaise and egg yolk mixed perfectly in proportion.
The bloody marry was spicy, potent and satisfying.  The brandy milk was smooth, pleasantly sweet, and indulgent.  The service was lively and friendly.  The place is jumping so be prepared to wait quite a while with mix of hipsters, party goers, and others attracted to their intoxicating bar and breakfast.My friends & I waited almost 2hrs to get a seat but it was worth the wait. Build your omelet & chicken sausage with the best breakfast potatoes was super delicious. The Bloody Mary's are to die for.We came here from personal and Yelp referrals! The pictures all seemed to be all of eggs Benedict's, so we ordered the Chicken St Charles and Eggs Cochon. 
The portions are a bit small, just like any other eggs Benedict. I liked the sauce on the chicken one, but overall the eggs Cochon better. The chicken was a bit dry. But I do love poached eggs!
We also ordered the Bellini, and I personally don't think it's worth it. $10 and I've had better ones.
Ps, we came here the day after memorial day, so there was no wait at 930am!The food is okay. Just okay. It's super busy all the time. I would definitely say this place is a tourist trap. There are better places to get brunch around here.Best Eggs Benedict of my life. My wife and I stopped here on a whim and got the Trifecta and the Bananas Foster Perdu. They were so amazing that we came back again a few days later (which says a lot in a city like NOLA). This place is worth the wait but use the yelp app to put your name on the list as you travel to the restaurant to help with this.Muito boa comia! Bem tradicional! Porém vem preparado para a fila, espera no mínimo de 30 minutos! 
Atendimento muito atenciosos e bem barulhento! Ao estilo Louisiana!Relaxed staff amidst busy busy service is always impressive and pleasant. It allows the guest to feel the magic of a place full of interesting people and enjoy a great dining experience at the same time. I had a tasty coffee, a surprisingly not too sweet peach bellini and some nicely done poached eggs with shrimp and green tomatoes.i didn't think I would like this place.  I loved the food but the service was a bit spotty.  The server had a great personality and kept apologizing but after a while, it got old.Remember you can mix and match Benedict! So many options so I was glad I could picked two on the menu. You cannot drink all day long if you don't start in the morning.Wow! Top 5 fav breakfast spots! Soooo good that we decided to come here two days in a row on our short getaway to New Orleans. I got the Southern breakfast and French toasts batons, YUMMMMMMMMM! Highly recommend. The drinks were also very good. I hope to come back soon!
FYI : the line for this place gets so crazy, check in with yelp! Our first visit the wait was a little over 2 hours and our second visit was a little over an hour.Probably one of my favorite breakfast places in New Orleans. Its been busy the few times I've been there but the wait isn't usually too bad. Love the food and is always my go to brunch place especially on the weekend.Oh my goodness this was such a yummy place! The chicken st Charles is one of the best dishes I've ever had for brunch and we ended up ordering more pancakes they were so good. The kids kept asking for more and wanted to go back the next day! Wait is long but use the nowait app to check in prior to when you want to eat. We did still have to wait about 20 minutes to get seated. Everyone is very nice but service is slow and for some reason 2 of the dishes came out about 10 minutes later than the rest of our party. The food is so great that it's all good!So there we wer, at the Ruby Slipper, all ready to order some shrimp and grits, when... oh noes!!! Our waitress, Danielle, informed us that the shrimp delivery was late, and there would be no shrimp and grits, the WHOLE REASON we got up early that morning, and went out of our way to eat at the Ruby Slipper! Dejected, we asked for the manager, hoping to jump the line when we returned the next morning, and go find alternate breakfast plans for that day. 
Just then, Danielle spotted something off in the distance: THE SHRIMP TRUCK!!! Overcome with zeal for providing five star service at three star prices, Danielle threw down her order pad, whipped her apron in the air around her head like a samurai warrior, and charged off down the street. She sprinted down the street, and just before she reached the truck, the driver saw her, and his eyes widened in fear like a gazelle who sees the lion coming to take it down.
With a mighty battle roar, Danielle leaped up on the running board, opened the driver's door, threw him out onto the muddy streets of New Orleans like so much wet sack of flour, then took up his position. She jammed the truck into reverse, then forward, turning onto the street to careen back toward where starving travelers waited with mouths a-salivatin' for their precious cargo of fresh, tender young Gulf shrimp. 
She only crushed three cars in her path, and as all of them were Smart Cars, it didn't really count. She also took out the elderly couple from Des Moined, but inexplicably, they'd just finished complaining about the food, so no one was troubled.
The shrimp and grits were, as always, excellent.This place was amazing for Sunday brunch. Had 2 different eggs benedict that they let you mix and match which is awesome. I got one that was shrimp with a great sauce and another that was fried chicken with a poached egg atop it with hollandaise sauce. They were both wonderful. I also had a side of candied bacon. Coffee and water to drink.
The biscuits are great. Everyone in my party of 6 enjoyed their food. The service was very quick and helpful. 
I suggest making a reservation. We did and it helped our time management for sure. 
I would eat there again for sure.An impromptu visit because The Store was closed for the holiday and we were going to the taco bar to celebrate our very pregnant coworker who was going out on maternity leave. 
Hostess seemed overwhelmed at our request for a table for 9, but we offered to split into two groups. Then we noticed the tables along the back wall and one of our group asked if we could sit there. After some unnecessary discussion (why should there be a discussion--sitting at adjacent tables in two groups is better than sitting across the room from one another?), we were seated. Our group was the table of 5. Each group had a different server, in case you try to blame the service I will describe on just being an overwhelmed Waiter with a 9 top. 
I was excited looking at the menu, and almost went for breakfast at lunch, but since it was my first visit, I played it safe with the burger, but opted to pay $2 extra for the sweet potato fries since I saw that they came with a side of creole tomato dressing. 
The burger was okay--just a burger, although I was happy to see that it was thoroughly cooked but not burnt. The sweet potato fries were very good--crispy with a slight flaky texture. I asked if they came with some sort of sauce and Waiter offered to bring out some of the dressing. 
The bacon was left off of one co-worker's sandwich; this wasn't addressed with Waiter. Another coworker was served regular fries (kinda meh--seasoning reminded me of Rally's) instead of sweet potato fries. This was addressed with Waiter; he brings her a handful of fries on a plate and says the rest will be out in a minute. They never came, but when she was charged the full $2 for the fries on her bill, I asked Waiter if her fries were coming out soon when she asked for a to go box for the rest of her club sandwich (she's not as confrontational as I am). FYI, she said the club was delicious.
Waiter offered to separate the checks, which was fine with us. We each gave him a card, and when he brought them back, he set them all in a pile in a wet spot on the table, with a "Thanks, guys," and walked off. At this point, the lunch rush had leveled off, and there were many empty tables--it wouldn't have been impossible for him to take an extra 30 seconds with our table. We were left to sift through the wet receipts and credit cards to figure out what belonged to who. I tipped less than 20%, which I NEVER do--I can almost always rationalize poor service, but today, not so much. 
I'd heard really good things about the food at this place, and would have been excited to go back and try the breakfast menu.  I can't say that service was so bad that I would never go back there if someone else wanted to eat there, but it doesn't get a recommendation from me.Great service, delicious food, use Yelps "wait in line" feature during Mardi Gras to get on the list and manage your wait. Had the BBQ shrimp and grits - they were amazing! Portion sizes are generous.Well worth the walk and wait. Use the noline app! That saved a ton of wait time. Everyone was friendly and helpful. Do ask you waiter/waitress for tips as I would have missed that you could get the peacemaker which you were able to pick two different versions of the eggs Benedict. Yum!  There was nothing that was a bad pick at all.We went the day after the Sugar Bowl and the wait was not even that bad. They were very efficient at getting people in and through quickly. I got the barbecue shrimp and grits and it's probably the best I've had. I tend to expect the worst when it comes to shrimp and grits because there are so many varying types, but this was good. The boyfriend got the migas and it was also delicious. The butter that comes with the biscuit is so so good. I would buy it by the gallon. Our waiter was fantastic. I wish I had gotten his name. But he was hilarious and made the experience. Definitely will be back next time we're in NOLA.If you try this place the bananas Foster are a MUST. I alao had a side of Fried Green Tomatoes,  amazing. The portions are good and the staff is great. Disclaimer:if you go between the hours of 10am-11:30am be prepared to wait for about 45 minutes.  It is worth the wait.This place was amazing! It was busy put worth the wait. The food was very much honemade. The bacon infused bloody mary was so delicious! I highly recommended this place!SO FREAKING DELISH!! 
Out of the many many places you have to choose from in NOLA to eat we definitely made sure to make it back here a second time before going home.  The portions fill you up and the flavors are wonderful. My husband is rather picky but did not have to ask for anything to be left off. The service is friendly and coffee is flowing.
If you don't plan ahead you will have to wait in line, but it is worth it!! YOU HAVE TO TRY IT!!! On the top of our list when we go back.Sat at bar and I've been here many times, so I thought I knew what to expect....will not be returning!
First off the bartender finally asked me what I wanted to drink, I saw espresso on the menu, I ordered it on ice and she refused to make it.  I tried explaining to her that it is simply espresso over ice, I didn't need sugar or milk, just drip it over ice, well she refused and I should have left at the point, but I stayed, and then it got worse...
I tried the breakfast biscuit, the bacon was way too sweet, almost candied and entirely too much sugar, the biscuit was also too sweet, and the fried green tomato was the worst I've had.After making a reservation and being told to arrive at 1135, we were not seated until 1:35. First of all, we were seated next to the outside trash dumpsters. We were eventually moved but unfortunately the service was not good for the following reasons:
1. Wait for Mimosa was 30 minutes. The waitress forgot.
2. The pecan pancakes were lukewarm at best.
3. The manager obviously thought we wanted a free meal. He made a comment about the meal already being consumed.
4. Waitress kept forgetting items: ice, coke, powder sugar, lemons, extra napkins. Very disappointing.Food good 4 stars, service not so much 3 stars. 
Came at 755 AM and there was already a line halfway down the block.  They start seating at 8, it's a big location so ur in luck if ur in line by 8 am. 
The 3 of us each got bennies that we shared: egg cochon, corned beef, and chicken st Charles.  The corned beef good (lots of meat and potatoes) but the chicken was delicious (perfectly crisp on the outside). Try it with some syrup on top!
Service on the other hand: waiter talked back and was unnecessarily sarcastic. Water never refilled, coffee took awhile.  I had to ask another server for my syrup after it never came.The biscuits were delicious, not overly heavy or dry. The mimosa was generously sized and fantastic. We were a group of 5 and all enjoyed our food! The brown sugar bacon was unbelievably yummy!We went on a Thursday morning it was a slight wait but we said first available and sat at the bar which was fine. I got two poached eggs you can mix-and-match which is what the server suggested which I did.  I got the cochon  eggs and the fried chicken. My husband got the pancakes and he thought very good and a lot for your money. The service was incredibly fast as well.My family ate here 2 out of our short 3 day stay in New Orleans, so that should tell you what we thought about the Ruby Slipper. I ordered the BBQ Shrimp and Grits, which was delicious! I usually like a cheesy shrimp and grits but this was so good! I saw some people complaining about the sauce, but that is what made the dish for me, it just pulled the flavor of the shrimp and grits together. Also, the biscuits were great, warm, soft and flaky. I usually don't bother eating the biscuits at most breakfast places but these were very good. 
I got the shrimp and grits both days, but everyone else in our group tried something different each day and they weren't disappointed. My husband ordered the Chicken St. Charles (which I sampled lol) and that was some of the best chicken we've had.
I'd highly recommend eating at the Ruby Slipper.Great breakfast place in NOLA. Excellent adult beverage menu and plenty of great things to each. Their omelets are nice size and are not short of tasty additions inside. The Bloody Mary is great along with the mimosas. Highly recommend!Visiting New Orleans and was told to have breakfast here. While the 45 minute wait seemed too long, it was only because the food is so good! Highly recommend the shrimp and grits!!Yummy! Good food. They serve breakfast all day. I has the shrimp & grits. My hubby had the banana pecan pancakes with eggs & bacon. 
The iced coffee is amazing, but refills are full price :-(
Our food was very good - a tad short of being "finger licking" good ;-).
I recommend this spot!  Oh, beer, wine, & cocktails are also available.Had a fantastic breakfast/brunch here on a Sunday.  I got the Eggs Blackstone, which could be described as a version of Eggs Benedict on a buttermilk biscuit.  In addition to this, the fresh fruit bowl that came with it was really good, when a lot of restaurants seem to phone it in.  The coffee was a very good breakfast type coffee, too.  
Seating was good.  We got a nice sidewalk table.  No complaints here.