Best straight up coffee in town. Old, beautiful building that used to be a bank. Quiet upstairs seating with a nice view of the place & the cool old-school chandeliers. Bathrooms are a little rough - but really, not that bad, this isn't a chain. If that's the only trade off, I'll take it.This place has a nice ambience, it was an old bank therefore has some interesting decor. Additionally, the coffee shop plays classical music which is a nice touch. It is also spacious with plenty of seating available. However, these are the only good things about this place. The drip coffee/iced-coffee is terrible-watery and poorly brewed. Being that the ice-coffee is tasteless is quite a shame, considering good cold brew is quite popular and in abundance in New Orleans. The food is also quite expensive $11-12 dollars for a small sandwich. I recently had the Roasted Pepper and smoked Gouda soup and it was served cold. Also, it tasted quite old, and gave me stomach pains shortly after eating it. The last negative thing I would like to say about this place is the "dishware" aspect. My utensils are always plastic/styrofoam even if I eat in the cafe. I ordered a cappuccino and it was served in a mug, and not in a typical cappuccino cup. My cold brew it served in a hot coffee to-go cup. It may not be a huge deal, but when you order out in a coffee shop, part of the "cost" associated with the inflation in price per cup versus making it yourself is the ambience and the proper service. The fact they neglect this makes me unwilling to frequent this place. I have tried to like this place many times and it never gets better. Although it may be nice to sit in for a while, I suggest ordering something mild- like tea or lemonade and heading to Z'otz for food or snacks.I should be doing work here, but instead I'm writing on yelp.  Go figure.  
The lighting really sucks at nighttime and the drinks are okay (nothing great).   I haven't tried their sandwiches, but they looked promising. The chairs are also really uncomfortable.  Maybe there's some kind of couch or sofa somewhere in the loft?  Oh, and cash only.  
*sigh* Other than that, I guess it fulfills my purpose for the night: a quiet place to finish up work.  That and the building itself and the subtle decor is pretty cool.  High ceilings and an owl sculpture at the top of the door.  Did I mention gargoyles?  So...three stars for you!Love this place!  Love it so much!  The building itself is a real gem.  It's nice to be in a space with high ceilings that isn't cluttered with stuff to just fill the area.  Great decor, it felt like old world urban... if that makes sense.  Like, 1800's hipster.  Either way, loved it so much.
The food is simple and the coffee is great.  Had iced teas, frappes, and iced coffees... everything was good.  Their tea selection was actually really nice, lots to choose from.  The bagel and lox was super delicious and a real pleasant surprise to see on the menu as I hadn't run across it anywhere else in the city (I eat that a lot at home).  Great place.The atmosphere, vibe, decor whatever you want to call it is amazing! It's a great place to talk with friends or get some work done.  It does have a library feel to it which I love with the old green lamps on the tables upstairs.  I had the chai latte.  It was not good at all but I will definitely go again for a nice cup tea and to chill in that environment.Classy coffee shop located within a vintage building that is surround with marble and old fashion chandlers. It had an old library vibe while enjoying a coffee and bagel. 
Menu is hand written and varies day to day with new specials. They have a variety of drip coffees that cover all taste buds. I'd your craving something to eat along with your coffee they have a list of bagel sandwiches to choose from along with the classic bagel and cream cheese combo. 
Recommend the rye bagel with the bacon and shallot cream cheese. That's if you are craving a savory bagel. The date and honey cream cheese on the rye bagel was also tasty too. 
The service was very personal. The hostess delivered our every order one at a time. 
Note-classical music is the music of choice. Even though your in New Orleans-there is no jazz or hipster pop music.This is the best Rue.  Smoking upstairs and there are lots of outlets for your laptop, though no Wifi.  Iced coffee here has LOTS of caffeine.  The staff can be a bit smug, but that's kinda what you expect out of the Rue.
UPDATE:  no more smoking inside.  The clientele has also changed, with the *cool* kids moving down the street to ZOTZ, which for the record is smoking everywhere, at least till the new law kicks in.  ...And is enforced.Love the place but highly upset that my drinks always get thrown alway by a worker r/and customers when I happen to go to the restroom even if I place a napkin on the top of it. One day someone will catch me on a bad day.Not freezing inside. Affordable coffee and tastes great. Waiters and waitresses never smile. I don't know why, but it's cool. 
Moderately clean, a lot of tables, abs very spacious. Usually plays classical music in the background. 
Only downside is that the free Wi-Fi is unreliable and can get slow or crash at times.I have to agree with some of the other reviewers here. This should be a really nice coffee shop, lots of space, nice building, wifi BUT the staff totally ruin it. Miserable, unhelpful, unwelcoming.Great coffee and a cool interior. The architecture of this Riverbend coffee house on St. Charles is worth a trip. The sculpted bats drinking coffee are a hidden treat.
Food choices include pastries and bagel sandwiches. Both look great and the bagel sandwiches have interesting combinations. 
The coffee, the reason fur our visit, was some of the best we had in NOLA. We had macchiatos and the espresso was great with notes of citrus. 
The interior has a balcony and large open feel. There is outside seating and friendly and competent baristas.One of the most pleasant of the 'Rue's. Nice quiet mezzanine area, usual decent coffee and such.I'm not a coffee shop person as I would rather have beer than coffee.  If you find yourself in need of a coffee shop this is a beautiful location in an old bank.  They have a large downstairs, sidewalk seating and a cool upstairs so you can find the perfect nook to use your computer, study, read, stalk the other coffee shop patrons or whatever it is that people do in coffee shops.  I've stopped in here a few times to use the WiFi and it seems like it usually has decent connectivity and speed.  You should keep in mind that this joint is frequently very crowded and they only take cash.  The coffee isn't anything outstanding and cost more than coffee should and in this area I would rather go to Cooter Brown's to use their WiFi and drink beer.I visited this place every day for a week while in Nola, and it's the best coffee shop I've found. Each time I come, I ask the barista to surprise me- whatever you order, you won't be disappointed! The shop is has beautiful high ceilings, the area in general is absolutely gorgeous, and classical music makes a great working environment. Five stars!!Coffee is mediocre and overpriced.  You can get at least as good or better at almost any coffee shop (P.J.s, Starbucks) to include a roadside gas station, I kid you not.   I've had better coffee (and better service, and better prices) at a Racetrack Gas Station.  The old bank building is really beautiful which is about all this place has going for it.  I have no doubt that the rent costs a small fortune or if it is owned that said owner paid an arm and a leg for the place.  It impresses me as snobby and hoity toity (which is not necessarily a problem), but really nice.  
Now for the most significant reason for the poor rating:  The staff. 
I was there about a week ago and I had some hippie/ hipster cool dude smarted off to me -- incredibly rude -- on the level in which I don't believe I have ever experienced.  I was so taken a back that I checked for other reviews to see if my experience was an anomaly.   Sadly, It wasn't by a long shot.  
One writer wrote the following words which almost exactly mirrored my experience:
"The Staff!!!   The staff here are 20 something year old hipsters that give off a vibe that you're wasting their time every time you try to order something.  There also appears to be zero supervision of said hipsters, so there is no accountability for their rudeness."  Several other reviewers said essentially the same.  Here is another comment that mirrored mine, "If that's not enough for your physical health, you may be fortunate enough to be overcharged, grumbled at and treated condescendingly by some young f-ing dudes/girls you will want to slap real hard."    
It isn't just the rudeness, it is the attitude that is obviously behind it.   I get the very distinct impression that the staff is a bunch of overindulged, snobby rich kids working a side job as they become "educated" at one of our local institutions of higher learning, most likely Tulane.   If the staff ever knew such a thing as southern hospitality, which is highly doubtful, they are certainly not practicing it.  There is nothing on earth worse than some condescending hippie kid who apparently thinks that his smells like daisys.  
One last thing, whoever the owner is, is apparently highly disengaged, and probably making bank..  Because of the location, location, location of the place, which is prime real estate, it will be difficult for the place to fail.  This neuvo riche, Ivory tower atmosphere, apparently gives the millennial hipster punks that quintessential and oh so charming "go screw yourself" disposition.   
I will not be returning to this establishment.Well, I guess the best thing about not having WI-FI at my apartment is that I get to make a small trip over here a few times a week, if not a few times a day. I like to study to soft and classical piano music... so that gives it 3 stars right there. 
An extra star for having awesome hot chocolate and good service. I'm pretty sure this is a cash only place, so just be prepared with that. There is a small upstairs area with a few extra tables in addition to the spacious downstairs area. At night, you can turn on a lamp for extra lighting, if you have one at your table. Outlets are plentiful so you can charge your laptops. 
I've never seen this place too crowded. And if it is a little more than usual, people keep quiet and to themselves and respect that this is a university area and people are studying. I really like coming here. When I need to get away and be alone, this is where I come. Great place.Their coffee is terrible. I have a difficult time understanding how a coffee house cannot master a basic brew. It's coffee. You sell coffee. I am of the old school that enjoys a nice brew with creamer and sugar. Nothing fancy, but classic. Rue De La Course failed me.
Decor inside is okay. 
It felt like I was back in class.
The wifi is seriously lacking.
There was water on the floor by the front entrance and the sugar/creamer bar. No attempt to clean it up or warn patrons of the potential danger.
I left after 15 minutes. 
I won't come back.Best iced coffee I've ever had! Tastes like coffee ice cream. Cold pressed apparently makes a huge difference. Who knew?decent place to hang for quiet wifi time or reading.  food is good and they are open til 11pm.  house brew is pretty decent.  however i ama  tea drinker and call me a tea snob.  not at all impressed with the tea, tried about all the varieties and they all taste watered down.  stick to the coffee here.This is pretty much the archetype for the sit and study coffeeshop. The shop is situated in a gorgeous old bank that the owners have gone to great lengths to clean up. 
Inside you will find neat rows of small wooden tables, exactly two chars each. Everyone here seems to be glued to a book or laptop, headphones on. The place is quiet, not much of a place for conversation but if you've got work to do this is definitely a conducive environment.
The coffee is uniformly OK.  They offer the full range of espresso beverages as well as tea, drip coffee and yerba mate. A handful of different coffees are available brewed including the local (mysteriously) favorite chicory blend. Light meals are also available; so far I have only had the soup and has been excellent both times. I didn't really care for how they gave me potato chips with my soup one time instead of the excellent bread I had been accustomed to.
Cash only. If you look in the back there is a big wall for various handbills for bands, workshops and for sale ads. Additional seating upstairs with some outside tables for good weather use. 
The bathroom is a bit run down for what it's worth.Good coffee! They use "French Truck Coffee" (as long as you like French style coffee...acidic etc) you'll like the coffee. Great environment, good service, barista seem to know what they're doing. Great place to study/work & sip on some deliciousness... 
Although the seats are slightly uncomfortable for Tall people...high back that leans in...huh... 
The small bill cash request is kinda silly (I understand why...but you're gona have to
probably be a little more progressive if you want to tap into the hipster market...)Decent coffee, uncomfortable chairs... I was not looked at as a human being because I didn't have a skateboard and wasn't wearing a beanie. 
I mean come on, its a coffee shop, not a secret club. I give you the dolla you make me holla, am I right? Am I right?? Sheesh!! 
Quick tip - to get better service, wear a hoodie with it pulled over your head, use zero manners, and whatever you do, don't smile at the baristas, they don't like it.They have decent coffee, but serve everything in styrofoam cups or else coffee mugs. They serve light fare like soups, but they have no crackers and just give little toasted burger buns. All that is fine for what it is except the staff are bratty! I can handle a moody teenager but these are adult people, curt and short and thankless every time I've come since I started working on Oak a month ago.I study here due to the location, the largeness of the cafe, and 100% for the music (Ralph Vaughan Williams, Chopin, Vivaldi, etc.).  The coffee is good.
I have a bone to pick with the staff.  A, your job is easy compared to Starbucks (not that I frequent Starbucks - I don't.  I've only heard it is a very stressful barista position).  They are rude, quiet, and when they ask you a question across the bar, and I respond "excuse me?" they roll their eyes and then quietly repeat the question.  Once, they had a paper sack with "coffee questions" written with a black Sharpie where one ordered coffee and they pointed to the questions.  Is it too much to ask for a barista to ask "what size? for here/to go?"  The milk has a station so really the only questions they need to ask are "what size/for here or to go."  Perhaps all of them have college degrees, but I work in retail with a college degree.  
B, you will catch the staff changing your $10 bill for 1 cup of coffee in dollar bills (this place is cash only).  This is NOT a subtle way to get a tip!!!
C, the staff will empty their tip jar loudly every 20 minutes or so to count their tips.  It's obnoxious and tacky.
D, I do not tip a $1 for every refill.  Like I said, I work in retail.
I wouldn't normally leave a review for a cafe, but this is a very classy place and amazing for studying.  Wipe the staff clean though, please.We foolishly took the St. Charles street car from Canal St. all the way over here to eat dinner at Jacques Imo's on a very rainy, windy evening. (Guy passing us on a bike:  "Seattle won the playoff game and then cursed us with their weather.")   Why was this foolish?  Because it was Sunday, and Jacques Imo's is closed on Sundays. D'oh!
We decided to duck into this place to get out of the rain, call a cab, and figure where to go to dinner.  It was very spacious and filled with people working on their computer, reading books, and writing notes.  The ceiling was incredibly tall with a lofted level with additional seating.  I'm not sure how old the building was, but it certainly was historical.  They were playing classical music, which is a rarity for coffee shops and for New Orleans.  Although I'd probably use headphones if I studied there for a long time, it was a nice change of pace.
We got a cappuccino and hot chocolate.  Both were good, and the cappuccino was really a cappuccino and not a latte!  
The place was cash-only, which was a bit annoying.
If I lived in New Orleans, I would get work done here all of the time.Absolutely LOVE the coffee and the space is tremendous, but warm and inviting.  I'm a big croissant fan, and their crossaints are a huge step down in quality from the coffee offerings.  It's really quite sad and is why I'm giving this place a 3-star rating, and it slays me to have to do it, but a latte and croissant are what I consider the perfect start of the day.  If only they had real croissants instead of something that looks like they come out of a Sara Lee bag.  The rest of the breakfast offerings are not appealing either.  I wish they had it all, but they don't.  I'm not sure why not.  They get the coffee so right!!Great place to study, as long as you download necessary PDFS before hand. Wifi is slow and spotty. Music is good, food and drinks are good and not too pricey. Taking one star off for the bathrooms. Pretty gross and they smell. They could easily be made as nice as the rest of this place with regular cleaning, a working air filter or freshener, and maybe a nice soap dispenser and some flowers (even fake ones). Extra points for a fresh coat of paint on the walls. Management: Take notes from the restroom at cafe Luna.i don't even want to review this place bc i love it so much 
perfect 
wonderful 
amazing 
(ps--the graffiti there is half the charm, especially sitting on the second floor)Beautiful space but this place has seriously missed the mark. The coffee was fine but the pastries were beyond bad and the tables on the balcony were covered with a very thick layer of dust. The bathrooms were absolutely filthy a.d disgusting. If it is that gross a s dusty where customers are you can only imagine what it is like in their kitchenThe option to sit upstairs or down, is a testimony to the amount of space in here.
I'm a big fan of their unique iced coffee creations here and the lemon squares...mmmm.
This place is perfect for the weekend too, because if you  want to break a bit, just walk outside and take a stroll up Oak st., and I'm certain you'll find something to get into for an hour or so. 
I took of f a star because there was a few bad bananas here on display one day. Gotta keep fresh fruit chief.Bought a large coffee because there is internet here, supposedly.  Only needed to download a document to work on but could not get on for 20 min.  If you don't need internet, that's fine, but coffee houses should also be honest, and tell you the internet does not work BEFORE you pay for a coffee.Great location, beautiful building, decent tomato soup and my chai was pretty good as well! The people who worked here weren't the friendliest, but was a perfect place to sit down, have a cup of chai, and read a book.Rue is one of my favorite places for coffee, and since the one on Magazine is now closed (boo) this is the one you gotta go to.  I'll be honest, I'm not the biggest fan of this location.  Oak in general tends to be kind of a mess, and I'm the type who doesn't like to drive around looking for a place to park.
Enough with the complaints!  I love the coffee here.  This place has huge windows and has a great light, and the cool thing about this Rue is the fact that it has an upstairs, so if you have to study and get away from the crowd, you can sneak up there and get some work done.
I'll probably re-review after I visit a few times and let the shop grow on me.Rue DE la Course is a GREAT study spot. It's gothic architecture and quiet atmosphere provide the perfect location for concentration on school. It's my favorite go-to-spot to study. There are a variety of beverages to choose from! The lattes are delicious and the teas are made excellent. My favorite selection of teas are the black teas, like English breakfast or earl grey. I highly recommend the mocha frappe! It's chocolatey goodness that hits the right spot.The large matte latte with soy is delicious---but it comes at a price that's less than consistent. I know I paid $3 and a little change for the same drink the other day. Have gotten this drink 4 times this week and then today I paid $4.85 for it? What the hell? Also as many other reviewers say---the staff is not friendly.
But...
The building is sweet. My man and I agree they could do SO much more with this place. 
A few suggestions...
Hire a friendlier staff or get them to be nicer! (Seems like this should be a priority for places people want to hang out on their laptops and eat and work for hours.)
Put your prices on the board or have them available SOMEWHERE otherwise it looks really shady when you charge people different prices for the same basic drink.
Put some comfy couches in? Maybe a booth or two? Cozy it up. 
I will probably be back to get another matte latte but mainly because I'm curious to see what the mystery price will be!This place was an oasis on our bike ride from  Carrolton in Mid-City down to St. Charles. For $2.63 I got a small iced coffee which was incredibly welcomed and satisfying after a hot bike ride. Though the coffee wasn't bad, I wouldn't come back here because the atmosphere is so....generic. It was like I was in a hipster office space; everyone sat facing the door in 2-seater tables behind their mac's. It was really strange.
Besides that, the building is really nice and so are the barista's.The building is amazing! Beautiful architecture with minimalistic decor that fits the feel. The food unfortunately had little flavor. We ordered the breakfast bagels with sausage and both of us were disappointed. The bagels were nice and chewy and flavorful but other than that the cheese wasn't even melted. Just seemed like frozen pieces put in the middle of the bagel. The iced coffee was excellent, my husband's chai tea was on the weak side, but he likes it strong. The woman who helped us was nice. Overall this coffeehouse will be filed under unmemorable.Perfect location for meeting up with people and hanging out.
Perfect location for just chilling and watching people out on Carrollton.
Perfect location for a chai latte mmm.
Perfect location for romantic lighting.
Bad location for studying.
Bad location for espresso drinks (you never know but mostly it's been bad for me)
Bad location for low noise level, and if it is low then the lighting is bad so...
Bad location if you're not carrying cash.
So, I would rate rue more than 3 stars but the coffee drinks are just too hit or miss truthfully.Best coffee in town.
I swear, I lived here for three and a half years.
The staff is awesome, especially Corina.Good coffee, quick service, wifi, an ATM, and indoor/outdoor seating make this a nice place to study or spend a 30 minute break from work. There isn't much in the way of atmosphere, but they do offer a discount to Oak street employees. The mushroom and brie soup is also great although not sold every day.I LOVE grabbing a harvest muffin and a table here to sit down and study or read or just chat. One of my favorite places and biking distance from my place!This is one of my favorite coffee shops to visit. It's really peaceful here, especially on the balcony part and the coffee is pretty great. Always strong just the way I like it. If you're goin her just make sure to try and park on a side street to avoid a potential ticketI started going to Rue De La Course when I first moved to New Orleans.  I wanted to find a coffee shop where I could study and not feel like I'm in a night club (cough cough Starbucks).  They play classical music very low so that it's a very relaxing atmosphere.
I get the same thing every time I go here and it's never disappointed me.  My standard order is a soy latte (sometimes with a shot of praline) and a marble rye bagel.  I love the bagel!  It's got a different flavor cause it is a rye bagel but I recommend it to everyone.
The tables are big enough whereThe interior is something that must be seen to be believed. Coffee shop in an old bank, with all the old trappings still intact. Gorgeous wall moldings, glorious chandeliers, and glamorous doors. 
However that austerity can make the vibes a little colder than what I want in a coffee shop. This coldness isn't helped by the classical music soundtrack that was playing when we came. Could have used some ambient indie rock to warm the place up. 
Coffee is solid, not outstanding. But definitely some of the best joe in this city of cocktails and beer. 
All in all, worth a stop if you're in the neighborhood.What a cool coffee shop.
This is a big coffee shop with one large open room downstairs and a more private loft area upstairs. The upstairs area is nice and somewhat secluded. It would be perfect for reading, studying or other activities requiring seclusion.
There are also several tables outside which have a good view for people watching. The outside area is my preferred area, but some people prefer the inside. Either way, this is a cool location.
The coffee is very good. I am an iced coffee aficionado and theirs ranks very high. They also offer bagels and other food. On my most recent trip I had an everything bagel. It was good, but not great.
The staff was friendly and efficient. 
This location is not in an area I frequent so my trips may be few and far between. If I am in the area again, I will gladly stop in for coffee.Ambience is quiet. The Americano I ordered was good. Nothing distinctive to comment about. Could have marketed the source of their beans more as they had a lot of selection on a side wall. Feels like a library in this place which is a welcomed change from a busy Starbucks. Great if you're looking for a place to study.Coffee is good, not great. Bagels are usually good, but the one I had yesterday was SO STALE and hard. Also, the multiple times I've had a bagel with avocado on it, every time I've had to take the avocado off because it is either rock hard and unripe, or gross and overripe and brown. I'm sure the presence of avocado on the sandwich is like a $1.50 charge so come on, please put fresh ingredients on your bagels if I'm paying this much for them. Also, prices next to the bagels would be lovely so people know how much they cost.The mocha frappe is yummm!!!! I also get their cold brew with a shot of espresso & it's always good. beautiful place, i'll be back!Great coffee! The coffee is strong and bold, and a great way to wake up. I always get a cappuccino or caffe latte. Both are excellent!
Their bagels are also delicious as well. I particularly love the Marigny. That tomato cream cheese is absolutely divine. The sprouts are always crisp! I am not a big avocado eater, but there are rare exceptions when I can tolerate it...this sandwich is one!
This place has a great atmosphere. The space is stunning. Also quite large. This is an ideal spot to take in the beautiful St. Charles Avenue and Oak Street. 
Friendly employees.My first time here today, came here because I read it was a cool place for coffee. I ordered an Iced Chai Latte and couldn't drink it at all, the fact that they don't accept credit cards it's also a minus. I love the environment and old building.Just what I was looking for on a muggy day of strolling through NOLA and riding the streetcar. 
Was greeted by the high walls of what I would guess was once a trolley station and the pleasant reverberation of classical piano and strings floating from above amidst the many coffee slurping gargoyles ensconced in the window arches.
Best almond croissant I've had. Coffee was good. 
Glad I stopped here.Best coffee in nola. Great condiments and facility is great to study or read at. Great location on carrolton. I miss the one on magazine.I LOVE their Cafe latte's & SOOOO MISS their location on Carondelet!! wish they'd come back!! (come back come back!!)The coffee in this place is decent. I've had better at a lot of spots in NOLA, but it's alright. The staff seems generally pissed that they are there and that you've inconveniently come in and asked them to do something. God forbid you order food. The sandwich I got was swimming in mayo, even though I asked for none. I'm relatively confident the barista did this just to spite me for ordering food. I would have complained but I'm pretty sure this dude would have spit on me. If there's one thing this baristas know how to do it's glower. I guess wearing plaid and a scruffy beard and slinging coffee in an old bank makes you better than everyone. The old banks pretty cool though.I absolutely love this coffee shop! First of all, it's in an awesome neighborhood. Second, the building is beautiful! There are plenty of tables to sit down and work at, and the wifi is good. I've  ordered the iced coffee -  my go to drink - and it has been tasty and reasonably priced. I've also had their iced tea, which was very refreshing. I also love that this place is right by the best used book store so you can pick up a book then come read it with coffee!If you walk in and notice the grand entrance and think this place is going to be on the expensive side, you are right! And may I add, the price does not justify the quality in this situation as I have had much better tea and coffee options in this city. 
Now if you plan on dropping in and spending a few hours getting some work done with the convenient free wifi, maybe reading a book, or even people watching, this is your place. The atmosphere is very conducive to being productive with classical and sometime very light jazz music. The library feel of the vaulted ceilings, soft lit lamps, and a second floor for better viewing. It almost makes up for the mediocre beverages.Despite living within walking distance of rue, I will never go back. I'm a grad student whose time spent in coffee shops is unrelenting. However, I'll have to drive to a different place now to alter between studying feverishly and crying over my imminent doom whilst sipping coffee.
I used to go to rue just about every day. After spending a significant amount of time here studying for an exam one day (and ordering coffee and a muffin), I went home to find my Internet on the fritz. Having an assignment due tomorrow, I turned right around and went back to rue to finish up said assignment - an activity requiring less than 10 minutes. I got back to rue and continued to work until I was interrupted by the hipster barista, who told me I could "buy something or leave". I was mortified, as I am by no means an individual trying to rip off a small, local business. Before I could explain, the barista turned around and stomped back to its cave. Out of sheer embarrassment, I bought another muffin from Sasquatch and got the **** out of there.
Other notes about this place include its great architectural appeal, complete with dim lighting with which you can barely see your notes and crappy, uncomfortable chairs as old as the building. But damn it, that bran muffin was good.Excellent cappuccino and killer place. Being a photographer I love the daylight coming into such a beautiful old building! I'll be back!When deciding whether to go to Rue de la Course or another coffee shop, it's important to ask yourself what you want from the experience. A quiet place to study or talk to friends? Somewhere to camp out or just grab a brew and walk around? A place to impress your friends with how worldly you must be to know about such a stunning piece of architecture transformed into a coffee destination? Because if you're looking to impress or grab and go, this might be just the place for you. 
I spent an afternoon here recently when it was a lovely 70 degrees and not humid outside. In the shop though, it was much warmer, to the point where I was sweating sitting there and considered taking breaks to go out into the coolness of New Orleans. Does this seem right to anyone?
Important details: my latte cost me $5.80. I have never in my life paid so much for an espresso drink, not even at a damn airport. Yes, I did get it with soy and a flavoring, but elsewhere this usually costs me upwards of $4.50. Was it good? Yes. Did it change my life? Have to say no. My friend got an iced coffee that was half the price of my beverage, so it seems like coffee rather than espresso is the way to go here. I had thought about getting a pastry but once I found out how much my drink was, I couldn't afford to add anything to it.
Others have commented on the library feel of this place and that is spot on. It's like being in a schmancy reading room at a library, but replace the table lamps with chandeliers. For me, the biggest strike against Rue de la Course was the seating. They have those straight, mostly open-back chairs that my grandparents had and I hated sitting in even as a child. If you actually are trying to sit there for hours getting work done, it can be pretty uncomfortable and prohibitive. I didn't see if there were outlets on the walls, but the majority of tables here are in the middle of the room, so if you need to plug in this likely isn't the place for you.
Last thing of note: the bathrooms. My friend was totally creeped out by them and described them as creepy and potentially haunted. What bothered me more was that they were out of toilet paper, and despite the fact that the right bathroom was big enough to be a bedroom, there were no stocked supplies inside. They really ought to have a cabinet or something in there if they're not going to check on them regularly. When I went up to the counter to tell them that they were out, I stood there for almost a minute while they chatted to themselves, made eye contact with me, and then resumed their conversations before I finally interrupted them to say they were out. There was no apology for blatantly ignoring me or even a "thank you" for helping them do their job. Just an "ok."This is the perfect spot for coffee or a coffee drink. The setting is a classic historical building. The music is mellow and the space is bright. For the coffee lover who needs time alone on a laptop - best place in town!I love the atmosphere here -but the coffee isn't my favorite. I had an iced coffee yesterday, and it was very bitter.This place has some serious problems. It is in a beautiful building that will attract any passerby and has excellent seating and classical music if you're into that thing.
However, about half the staff are rude and pretentious (that seems to be less true the more I go) and it's horrendously overpriced.
I suppose the owner thought he would invest as little as possible in this place and coast by on the visual aspects.
Perfect place to study. The classical music drowns out all else and there are tons of tables. The lighting sucks at night, so just move under one of the lights. The chairs are completely uncomfortable, which I find highly conducive to studying.
Like others, I wish it were cheaper, better staffed, had an oven, sold real pastries, and brewed better coffee more frequently, but take it for what it is -- beautiful -- and don't leave a tip.Absolutely the worst cup of coffee I've had all year.  Ordered a double shot espresso.  So bitter as to be almost undrinkable.  Probably  stale beans.  Also noted that on their sandwiches there is a 20 cent extra charge for creole or Dijon mustard.  Really?I love the location being set in a swanky old bank, it is possibly the coolest coffee shop setting in the city. This place is a great change from the blahhh coffee shop at the law school and I love to take the short trip when I have time. When I visited I just ordered a standard iced coffee + half and half. Overall I was impressed, the coffee was good and the setting was amazing. This is my favorite place to get coffee in NOLA right now y'all!Love this place! It used to be my secret study hideout, but I guess word got out as to how awesome it is...
Gorgeous space because it used to be a bank - high ceilings, chandeliers, airy and bright. Perfect first thing in the morning with the sun streaming through, or late and night with the glow of the table lamps.
Lots of tables and chairs on both floors. Everyone here always seems to be working on important or artistic things. It's a bit indie, but not intimidating. Gotta say that the space makes me feel more intellectual when studying.
So much drink variety! Their coffee is good and strong, though they also have a vast selection of loose-leaf teas. It can get a little pricey, but I'd say it's worth it. They care about the quality of the product. Also, they have some good sandwiches, salads, soups, and pastries.
My only complaint is that there are hardly any vegan food options unlike Z'otz down the street.Beautiful place, lovely music. Their mocha frappe is what makes me come back often. I must admit, they have the best mocha frappuccino I've ever tasted. It is just that outstanding! I have tried their coffee before. It is not my favorite drink, but I can definitely say it is some delicious, high quality coffee they serve.Average coffee. Overpriced nasty a$$ bagels. Odd atmosphere. I have no desire to go again bro.This place is so cloak and dagger at night I love it. Or maybe I've just been watching way too many movies lately. I just sit upstairs and wonder what kind of revolutions and covert operation are being discussed in the shadowy corner tables or whatever (yeah yeah it's just kids studying I know). Coolest thing - upstairs, they still have the door to a walk-in safe there hehe. It's just a closet with extra tables and junk in there now. Oh wait, I see a former reviewer has mentioned it already. Well it's worth another mention. 
Food/drink wise, same deal as the Magazine one.This is such a nice place to get some coffee and a bagel sandwich. The 2-story space is beautiful and spacious, and they play relaxing classical music. The great thing about Rue De La Course is that it's not a generic coffee shop -- it's got a unique vibe and personality.Rue De La Course will always have my heart.  When I think of my experience in New Orleans, I think of you.  Coffee, cravings, studying and where I've met some of my favorite people.I don't know what to think about this place. Part of me likes the historic aspect of it, but it really is sort of dirty and dingy. The coffee isn't really great either. I think I'd prefer CC's or PJs.Best coffee!!!! Also the easiest to get to in the area with street parking always available.Probably one of the coolest coffee shops I've ever been in. Great atmosphere to get work done and relax. Coffee was just okay but atmosphere made up for it.Just the best atmosphere: insanely tall ceiling, many large windows, very sunny and airy, beautiful old architecture, classical music always playing.  A perfect coffee shop to get work done.The place has such good vibes and the Cold Drip Iced Coffee with vanilla is to die for!The best coffee house, for freaks, goths, punks and geeks, good poetry reading, and mixed crowed and the occasional idie or yuppie, a favroite of mine pre and post katrina with the free wifi, and awsome cafe o leatnice atmosphere, but really overpriced and the coffee wasn't great. also, they don't have prices on their menu, which was misleading. Also, the wifi was really slow. I'd go back to study, but not for the food/coffee.This place is really awesome. The interior is super vintage and interesting. I love the vibe here just like anything in New Orleans its really rustic and old. Their food and coffee is great but remember its cash only! There is an atm in the rite aid across the street though. It's a great work space but the wifi isn't the best, especially if your using it to listen to music.I love Da Rue! Lol..The lemonade is Yummmtastic, but the cakes takes like cardboard. Get the croissants and sandwiches! xoxoBeautiful inside. Had the cafe au lait and husband had the iced coffee. Both were excellent! The price was very reasonable for how good the coffee was. I also ordered a blueberry muffin. It was very good, but also very sweet. Would recommend.Went here today after lunch at Truburger. The fact that it used to be an old bank appealed to me. I like old and creepy. But this place was not creepy. Just chill with people on their laptops and classical music playing through the speakers. I ordered a large raspberry latte "for here". Too often I take coffee to go. It was served in a mug with their logo. Gabe already was sitting at a table upstairs reading The Gambit. My first reaction to the coffee, it wasn't hot enough. Maybe the milk cooled it off by the time I walked upstairs. It was good, just lukewarm. The atmosphere was quiet like a library. I was afraid to talk. 
Seems like a good place to be "alone" when in need of some quiet Internet time. Although they say free wifi, my iPhone didn't pick up anything free so maybe I needed a password. 
Overall, cool place.This is generally a good spot with two big hangups. So my review is more 2.5 stars, but you can't give half-stars on Yelp.
First the pros: It's a former bank building in a good location for people watching, with very nice teas and the most friendly staff. And the classical music creates an ambiance that makes it an enjoyable place to read. 
Now the hangups: The wifi here can be terrible. Maybe it works today, and maybe it doesn't. So, do you feel lucky? It's very frustrating when you're trying to concentrate on work to have webpages suddenly take forever to load, or to lose access to your Google docs in the middle of editing. And the problems tend to persist until you just give up and leave. So if you're looking to get online work done, you're better off down the street at Zotz, where the network is more reliable. 
Also, the croissants here at Rue are terrible. I've had two; and neither of them tasted fresh, and both were rather dry. So, eat somewhere else.Situated in an old bank building, this coffeeshop has a unique vibe that makes it fit right in among the quirky establishments populating Oak street (it's on the corner of Oak and Carrollton)...
There are gargoyles above the upper windows, big chandeliers hanging above and giant side windows to let in a lot of light. The upper balcony is cute and cozy and has an old-fashioned safe door in the wall. Lots of 2-person tables and electrical outlets, so it is a great place to work or study.
As far as the beverages go, the iced coffee is great - haven't tried anything else yet. The barista was friendly and efficient.My kind of coffee place - lots of tables and chairs to sit with your friends or laptop (depending on your mood of course), good coffee and lattes, and availability of snacks like sandwiches and cookies.  Plus there's just a nice casual young vibe here.  Oh, and the street it's on is fun to stroll up and down - definitely a funky part of town with Jacques-Imo's down the street and yoga studios abounding.I really love their coffee here. Very flavorful, rich, and velvety! I always get the vanilla latte or the mocha. The brownies are delish. It is a nice place to sit and study or get some work done.This place proves that Gems do exist in New Orleans... After sampling the raw espresso (strong, delicious, with a bold flavor that made my tongue dance), I switched to the cold brewed coffee, the second I've found in NOLA... exquisite!  Leave your search for beignets for another day and enjoy coffee from some folks who understand it's an art form, not Folgers with a twist.
The Staff is friendly and knowledgeable, the setting of a high ceilinged old bank is perfect.  If you are looking for a slightly rough, funky coffee shop to spend some time in, this is your ticket.  Just don't plan on lounging in the chairs for too long, they are not the most comfortable in the world... ok, they suck, but they all match and it fits the ambiance, so what do you expect...
From the care that went into the espresso pour, to the wonderful selection of $6-$9 sandwiches (you get what you pay for, on good bread without the Growth Hormones/Chemical Additives), the Rue has what I've been searching for in NOLA.  And that is quality coffee!Incredible coffee shop housed in a gorgeous old 1920s bank on Carrolton. The space is beautiful and unique and the coffee is as good as they come. I highly recommend trying this place. If you like coffee and serene coffee shop to work or catch up with friends--Rue de la Course will likely become one of your top few places in the city. Last time I went it was cash only--so keep that in mind.The staff is always friendly, the coffee always hot, and the pastries/sandwiches always good. The upstairs is a little stuffy in the summer, but it's usually not so full that you can't sit downstairs.If you feel like you're sipping coffee in a bank, its because you are.  Or maybe a bankbrary, since it has a definite library feel to it.  
This is a coffee shop for being quiet, keeping your nose in a book (or your laptop), and getting down to business.  Having conversations inside here can feel awkward because of the number of people trying to be productive.  Outdoors is much better for that sort of behavior.
The coffee here is hit-or-miss and depends wholly on the barista who is pulling your espresso. Some know what tamping means, while others act like they're patting a baby's bottom with the tamper.  The iced coffee is consistent - its hard to mess up.
I've lowered my star rating because my original rating was based on a new-to-New-Orleans naiveté.  I've been around the coffee block now and I see Rue for what it really is - a great place to get work done and an average place to get a cuppa.Not my favorite coffee shop, BUT the lox on an everything bagel is one of the best I've had.I believe this to be the best coffee in Uptown.  The Rue is located in a former bank.  Walk upstairs and check out the old vault.  If you can put up with the overly smug baristas, you're in for some serious coffee time.Friendly service, good coffee and food. It's a little warm upstairs, but hey, we all know hot air rises!Admittedly, I'm not  a huge coffee shop fan, so that may impact my rating here, but that said, I still like Rue (especially for studying/reading). The food there is really good (mostly soups and sandwiches) and the tea/coffee is much better than PJ's. 
However, the Wifi is super sketchy, so much that if someone sits between you and the hotspot, you can notice the drop in internet service. It is free, so I'm not sure I should complain, but still--aggravating. The tables, though a good size for reading a novel or working on a computer or writing in a notebook, are too small to do any of these things simultaneously, which can be annoying when you're there, studying.Anything but your ordinary commercialized coffee--Rue de la Course offers an amazing selection of cafes, espresso, teas, and italian cream sodas!  Want a flavor added to that...pas de probleme!  Make it a double or triple shot and you'll be set for a night out (or for pulling that all-nighter for your test tomorrow).  The baristas are AWESOME.  Whatever you do though, DON'T ruin the experience by making your selection "skinny."  You can go to almost every corner in America for that!I've been to this place twice, both times when I was still in school. The first time, I had a very pleasant study session. I got a lot of work done during my 2 hours stay. I sipped multiple cups of coffee and had a tasty sandwich.
The second time, I spent a total of 20 minutes at this location. I bought a coffee and had a seat at a dimly lit table upstairs. Almost immediately after I had finished my beverage, I was approached by a manager who asked me to buy something else or leave immediately. I said I was hoping to wait a little longer before purchasing something else. I tried to explain that I just sat down and just finished a coffee. The manager told me it wasn't enough to justify my internet usage and literally escorted me out. I was mortified.
I live within walking distance of this place. I pass it multiple times a day in my way to and from work. I adore coffee houses, and coffee in general.  Nevertheless, I can't see myself going back to Rue de la Course.I'm a regular at all the uptown cafes, having recently moved back to NOLA after 3 decades in various other 
great towns. So I reconnected to the cafes from Oak St., to Maple to Magazine Street's long & at times somewhat sublime scene (an area that makes New Orleans a beloved spot for people here n everywhere), where I've found
both P.J.'s [on Magazine], along with Rue De la Course on Oak//Carrollton, to be two spots that have kept alive the types of atmosphere that match their old time vibe;
make sure to go out into the courtyard that's still located in the back of PJ's,
where you get the shade from beautiful trees with a down-home feel that's still unique with the sounds of their neighbor's dog, at times barking through the trees...
something a hipster designer Cafe cannot replicate.
These go beyond the trendy places that ruin a good scene. Sadly, all too many of those hipster cafes have popped up in every city, as gentrification & other issues abound.
I strongly recommend HiVolt (way down Magazine Street where it splits to downtown), for it's *great local reputation* given that many shops source their coffee//blends from HiVolt.
And when you're there in the older magazine district, u should check out these 2 cafes : Ignatius-- which also serves wine interestingly enough-- & is the 2nd location of Rue De la Course;
Plus "District" cafe, next door to classic//amazing Italian & Jewish
deli, "Steins," filled with authentic New York food & miscellaneous, comical items to boot- **plus** the best artisinal /microbrew selection in NolaBeautiful building, THE worst service I have ever experienced. Biggest assholes in the world. I entered the store to the workers counting their minuscule tips which took them a couple of minutes to complete before they could play a game of rock-paper-scissors to decide who would have to deal with me; they laughed at the loser who then slowly turned to me and said nothing. Nothing at all. I then made the poorest mistake I could have ever made at that moment and included a phrasing error in my request for a drink, to which they laughed in my face, asking "what did you just say?!" And so on. I grabbed a cup of water, sat down, and here I am writing this review. Never again.Update Rue just started taking credit cards! This place is nice and large. I think the classical music they play is very nice and adds a lot of positive feel to the atmosphere. It is not overly comfortable, however. Still, a nice place to get some work done, I'd say.I am shocked by how busy this place gets! I came around eight in the morning on Sunday, and the place was absolutely packed by 10 AM. Overall, it's definitely a great spot to study because they play classical music in the background and there are so many seats, but if you need Internet, this is not the place to be. The Wi-Fi is very spotty and not reliable at all. They also don't have too many chargers, so there are lots of cables running everywhere of students trying to charge their laptops. Additionally, their drip coffee is really not that great. Didn't try their food, but it didn't seem like many people did either.Needed a nice place to study and this definitely wasn't it. My qualifications for a fantastic place to study includes 6 things: drinks other than coffee, food options, acceptable wifi, appropriate amount of outlets, clean environment, and clean bathrooms. This place hit 4 out of 6. I'm not a coffee person so I typically order some type of iced tea. Usually, iced green tea tastes great wherever I'm at. For some reason, their iced green tea was just not acceptable. I had to force myself to drink at least half so I could get my money's worth. I just couldn't get myself to drink the entire thing though. They offer food which is a plus and there were ample amounts of outlets. As for the cleanliness, it was not up to par for me. Tables were dirty, trash and crumbs were on the floor, and the bathroom was nasty. I went on a Saturday morning and they were packed, so they're doing something right that I'm just not seeing.Horrible service. Expensive.  Terrible food selection.   The large ice coffee had two shots of espresso and taste like color dirt do not go in here this place is awfulA lot of this review is supported solely by the fact that the interior of this place is gorgeous!
It's very open and airy which is lovely.  Sometimes coffee shops can be so intimate that you feel like a sardine.  The tall ceiling helps disseminate conversation noise, and the classical music played at a pleasant volume.  I came here on a Sunday morning and it wasn't that busy.  There was a table available by the window and no line to order.  The baristas weren't very helpful; but, one was occupied getting plates ready.  The other barista was checking his phone and when he noticed me he kind of just stared at me until I began ordering.  I got iced coffee and a rye swirl bagel with tomato basil cream cheese. 
My bagel was amazing.  You have to toast the bagel yourself, and there is a community stick of room temperature butter for you to use (a little odd)?  I didn't mind doing a bit of work, but for $8 I would expect my bagel to come prepared already.  Anyways, the tomato basil cream cheese was flavorful and to die for.  Definitely a shining glory.  The rye swirl bagel was soft, and I could tell it was freshly made.  Overall a wonderful, savory breakfast. 
My drink was subpar.  I ordered an iced coffee, but got it in a styrofoam to-go cup that should probably be used only for hot drinks.  There was also like two ice cubes in my glass, so it was more like tepid coffee rather than iced.  
I noticed that their wifi dips in and out.  May not make for the best study spot when it comes to studying.  But, if you want a delicious bagel and cream cheese, I suggest Rue de la Course!I look for a few things in a study spot. First and foremost, a nice atmosphere. Rue de la Course is hard to beat in this department. The building on the corner of Oak Street is gorgeous. My favorite spot is upstairs looking down at the whole cafe (except in summer it gets hot!). 
The next thing I look for is good coffee. I'm no connoisseur when it comes to coffee, but the cappuccinos I've had at Rue were solid and as good as anything I've had in the city.
Finally, if a spot has good food I'm sold, I'm shacking up with my laptop and notes for hours and hours. I LOVE the bagel sandwiches here. The breakfast bacon, egg, as cheese is my favorite. 
Bonus: the classical music they play is perfect for studying.Beautiful, functional, pleasant, tasty. Beware: Almondine tarts are highly addictive.3.5 stars, rounding up to 4. 
I came here on a weekday to study. They had classical music which was good study music. There were some people there, but not a lot. 
The space is pretty awesome! Super high ceiling and a good atmosphere. I sat at the balcony at the top and it was pretty nice. 
I ordered a bagel sandwich and a latte. It was kind of weird because they didn't write prices next to the items. As a result, you wouldn't even know if they charged to correctly, which kind of bugged me. 
Latte - It was just alright, but the cup was pretty cool. 
Bagel Sandwich - It was also just alright. It was good, but it wasn't that special. 
Since I was studying here, I needed wifi. The wifi didn't work for the first half an hour that I was there. Someone had to talk to the workers to fix it. The wifi wasn't that fast when it started working. 
Great place, but please work on the wifi!This place...been here many times over several years...and things are getting progressively worse.  As a former service industry slave, I always make a point to tip people, but I do so according to the actual service I receive.  Recently, I've been given some attitude, and tipped sparsely and then given more attitude in exchange.
There are better places to study (with more comfortable chairs), with better coffee. If you don't want to chance the barista's mood, or dont have cash on you, walk down the street to z'otz!Total time for 2 bagel sandwiches 40 minutes! I waited in line for 15 minutes to order 2 breakfast sandwiches. When I ordered, I was told it would take a while. There were approx 10 more people in line and 2 staff working. Instead of making the sandwiches I paid for, they took every order in the line, made coffee, and handed out cakes before even starting on the bagel sandwiches. More people continued to form the line and still no sandwiches. If I hadn't already paid I would have left. The place is packed and clearly has a loyal customer base, so they need to hire more staff. To the credit of the 2 staff working, they were hustling. Not much else they could do, aside from making each order they receive before moving to the next. Sandwiches are adequate but this place is poorly run!Decent coffee, good lemonade, and great frappes! It bothers me the prices aren't listed, so I never know how much something's going to cost.I've only been here once to warm up from a FREEZING Po-boy Fest, and I must say that I really enjoyed it here despite the fact it was packed. The people working were very friendly and helpful even though they were so busy, and the hot chocolate I ordered was delicious! The location is also perfect for those who live in the uptown area (which I don't so that's why I haven't been back) who want to study or chat with a friend. The vibe is relaxed, and you don't feel rushed to leave like some franchise coffee shops make you feel. Oh, and the old-timey architecture only adds to the character.Nothing beats the architecture of this place (marvelous) and the location, right at the intersection of Carrollton and oak. The coffee however is only so-so. My barista was a hipster who wouldn't even crack a smile which reflects negatively on the place. I feel having been a barista myself, a little bit of personality goes a long way. The sullen attitude may work in Williamsburg, NYC you guys but this is New Orleans, know your crowd. 
Will give it another try before I right it off completely, but frankly I prefer z'otz around the corner which frankly has better baristas.Great place to study or work.  It can get a bit noisy, but not to a level where you can't think.  There is a second flood that looks out onto the first, and that area is usually much quieter and where I go to study.  They have your typical coffeehouse fare, but do have lunch items as well.  All in all a great place to chill and spend a few hours reading the paper.  Check it out...you will be glad you did.BLUF:  Amazing atmosphere.  Everything else is standard. (lots of reviews from the past say cash only but that has changed.  you can now max out your cards here)  
Spent three hours there today which is by far a record.  I was reading and people watching while my fiancé (thanks for the congratulations!) was studying (lots of power outlets at least around where we were sitting).  I enjoyed every minute.  The place is an old bank with two levels for seating.  We went upstairs.  Place is not silent but not overly distracting.  The play classical music which is nice but not loud.  Lots of people so fun to watch.  Prices and quality of food are standard but really is great atmosphere.  Tons of places to go around in this area of NOLA too.  All around good place.
(the chairs upstairs make you have perfect posture and got a little uncomfortable.  seats downstairs were completely different and not sure if they are comfortable or not)Let me start by saying this place is BEAUTIFUL! It's in an old building with beautiful architecture and chandeliers. The staff is super nice and efficient and the coffee is delicious. Highly recommended!Great facade, but as it seems everyone else says, the staff is horrible.
Coffee and food is ok. I got a cappuccino and a potato salad. The potato salad tasted very homemade(which is good), and the cappuccino was ok. It felt like a cappuccino that a non coffee drinker would make- just following the instructions.
Beautiful buildling! Bathrooms could use a redo though...
But wow! The staff were nothing but jerks! LOUDLY complained about not enough money in the tip jar. To my face. As they were handing me my change. Did you bring me my coffee? My Potato salad? Bus my table? No? Then why am I tipping you? If I had tipped them, I probably would've reached back in the jar and taken my money back.
If you think that you should act like you have something better to be doing than working here...maybe you should go do it and let someone friendlier work. NOLA is such a friendly city I can't imagine where they found these folk.Located in the Old Homestead Savings & Loan on the corner of Carollton and Oak St., the old bank makes for a nice atmosphere.  The bagel and scones were passable but the coffee was awful making me regret that we bypassed a nearby Starbucks to sample a local coffeehouse.  The dark roast coffee was tasteless to the point that I  asked for cup of something else.    The staff recommended the medium roast which was fresher but not very flavorful either.  The locals were drinking espresso or lattes.So... went here today for a little breakfast sandwich. I go I and ask a question about the sandwich and the lady looked at me like "why are you asking me questions "... I ordered two sandwiches, Marigny and the Downtown, and first problem was they had only one everything bagel. Why is this at 1020am?  Ok so,marble rye is is. At the time I didn't realize that the marble rye bagel would be as hard as marble. Neither bagel was toasted (cold bagels are just no fun in my opinion ). Then there was an abundance of cabbage and just a sprinkling of sprouts. Overall neither sandwich was good. It was a jaw exercise biting into either one and flavor was lacking. Next, the coffee . Can I say 711 probably serves a better brew than this "coffee house". How it is possible that a place that calls them self a coffee house serves a disgusting bitter burned coffee is beyond me. Your coffee should be great, not tasting like the last of the day's remnants of coffee that's been sitting on a burner all day. And this terrible coffee is served in a cheap STYROFOAM cup. So basically gas station coffee. 
For 24$ it was the most expensive disappointment of a breakfast we have ever had. Don't waste your time or your money.Lots of great study space, quiet environment in a Tuesday evening. Situated in an old bank building, it has high ceilings, beautiful architecture, lots of light coming in from large windows and classical music playing. Be forewarned, it's cash only. Can get chilly inside if you're positioned right under the vent. Iced chai was ok- mostly milk. Coffee is good, but not memorable. However, it does the trick and it's a great space for getting work done!Rue De La Course is a unique coffee shop in a beautiful old building with chandeliers and high ceilings. I come here because it's a good spot for studying. It has a chill vibe, lots of seating and power outlets, and they play nice classical music. Unfortunately the chairs are not very comfortable. The vanilla iced coffee (the only drink I've ever ordered here) is cold-brewed and served exactly how I like it - strong and not too sweet. It's also less expensive than Starbucks.
My big issue with this place is that the staff is so unfriendly. I've interacted with several of their baristas over the last year, and not once have I had a pleasant experience. They act as if you're bothering them when you order a coffee, and one even glared at me last week when I asked for vanilla syrup in my drink. They never smile or say thank you/you're welcome. Why keep a job that you clearly hate when there are hundreds of other options in New Orleans?
Rue is a great alternative to the chain coffee shops in New Orleans, but don't come here looking for good service.Adequate coffee in a pinch, basic pastries/bagels, surly staff, styrofoam cups. 
The space is fabulous, and but the quality of the espresso drinks served curtly by employees that many would call the dreaded h(ipster)-word leaves the Rue de la experience lacking.I swear to you, if they close this Rue too I will fight someone. What in the world?! I leave for a few months and come back only to find the one on Magazine gone??? Ok, I'll get over it. On to the actual review.
Let's be honest. The ambiance in the building alone makes me love this place. Plus they keep everything simple decor-wise. Maybe a little pricey, and I'm always angry at myself when I pass by without cash on hand (cash only folks), but it's worth it. A great spot for free wifi and studying for hours, or catching up with friends. It's a mixed crowd during the day and then a lot of students in the evenings. The staff is usually hipsterific and/but I've never had an unpleasant experience. 
One final plea: even if you don't come here, keep it local!This place's coffee is as good as anywhere. However, the atmosphere is confusing if you're looking for a coffeehouse feel. I enjoy the concept of the high-ceilinged building, but it's a bit loud and open. (The upstairs, however, is much cozier!)I love this place. Best study spot in Uptown New Orleans. But...
I've noticed that as I've been spending more time there, which I have this semester, I've been getting sick more often. I realize this sounds rude and crazy. But every time I spend a long time studying there, I get sick within the next two days. I just realized it today, after getting sick for the third time this semester after studying there. I never get sick that often.
Is it crazy to think that maybe they don't wash their mugs that thoroughly? I mean, think about their bathroom and the attitude of the staff (apathy that I usually find endearing). Can you really see Rue washing the mugs carefully with soap and hot water, making sure they thoroughly wash the rims of the mugs?My friend told me it wasn't very good...  I decided to try it anyway because the location was right.  I should have listened.  
It is a beautiful space, and a good atmosphere...  Saving it from a 1 star rating.
Unfortunately, my coffee was not very good.  I ordered a mocha, which was just a latte made with chocolate milk... Relatively devoid of flavor.  (I don't particularly like Styrofoam cups either, but I'll forgive you if you put something delicious in it.) 
The chocolate chip cookie I bought might have been ok last week.  It is hard to describe what made it bad beyond just being stale (perhaps it was undercooked), but it was not the delicious cookie I was hoping for.   
Overall, it barely serves the function of a coffee shopRue De La Course is always filled with people working diligently at their computers, many small tables providing lots of seating options including a small second floor area. Coffee and teas here are well crafted with good locally made pastries. It's a bookish, low key coffee shop,good for a meet up with a friend or some quiet time to get some work done. Service is always good too.So torn. The coffee is good, the decor is nice, and it's spacious. Plenty of tables to post up and study at, and I love the loft area. We sat outside to enjoy the perfect day and people watch (this was last week, just before the sky caved in)
It was all very nice, until I went to wash my hands. Their restroom is disgusting. It may be silly, but when a place can't keep their restroom clean- something EVERYONE uses- not JUST the customers and not JUST the staff- then what is going on that we can't see? Bummer. 
Clean it up guys- and a coat of paint would do wonders!Didn't put vanilla in iced coffee as requested, girlfriend asked for black iced tea and they jacked that up too. Iced coffee was so crappy I threw it away. Look elsewhere!I enjoyed the Rue on Magazine, but that is no more. Having said that, this Rue is good. plenty of seating. it was an old bank so the ceilings are really tall with a lot of great decor. if you walk upstairs you can see the bank vault. I generally don't even need headphones because they play excellent classical music which i absolutely enjoy.5 stars for the ambiance.  Lots of natural light, high ceilings, and always plenty of seating.  Can get pretty loud though.
1 star for the coffee - whenever I've had it it has tasted terrible, and I have a tolerant palate for light/dark/chicory/etc.
1 star for the graffiti-filled, sometimes-flooded single bathroom for which one usually has to wait in line.  No thanks.I came here around lunch time on a Thursday. 
The iced coffee was excellent. The muffins and sandwiches were good. 
The service was good. 
The decor was cool. 
I would go back.Very unique coffee shop that makes N.O. so amazing! I love their drinks! Their hot chai is my favoriote chai ever! I am such a conniosuer of chais so that statement in my mind hold alot of weight. I also love their hot teas. Really wonderful ambiance. Free wifi too!I like this coffee shop quite a bit. It is in a very cool building and a nice place to hang out for a couple of hours. The coffee is strong and consistently good.  Employees are on the hipster side of the spectrum but pleasant enough. I found myself going out of my way a couple of time on my recent trip to NOLA to go to this coffee shop vs the CCs on Magazine & Jefferson. Like the atmosphere of Rue De La Course much better and the coffee is better as well.I love this Rue, as well as the one on Magazine.  However, I enjoy the architecture of the Oak St. Rue more.  I really enjoy the Italian Creme Sodas, always consistently good.  They also sell sandwiches and pastries.  Random, this Rue use to be a former bank.  It's really lovely.  Also, I like that you can always find local magazines here, like Offbeat, etc.Definitely a good place to park and pump out a few hours of work, undisturbed.  The coffee and food are good, but not remarkable.  The only remarkable part is how limited the menu is, tbh.  But Rue has the whole Belle Epoque/Neoclassical/Post-Baroque (I never took an architecture course and am pulling words out of air) aesthetique on lock.  Oh, and beware the upstairs on a rainy day.  Certain places on the ceiling are susceptible to leakage.Chad below read my mind exactly. It's hit or miss, depending on the barista. One time my coffee was so bad, I had to dump it out in one of the trashcans outside, and did the walk of shame towards Starbucks. I'm not a big fan of "maybe's" and I like consistency. I just come here, because I live around. Overall, I don't like their coffee. I think it has a bad taste, unless I get my usual with the barista who makes it well. However, that's kind of a bummer.I've been studying at this location since my ye olde Loyola days in 2003.  Now that I returned to school, I would probably make it here more frequently if I lived closer.  I absolutely love the space.  The tall windows, high ceilings and echoing acoustics make me feel like I'm studying in a train station.  Their later hours are super convenient for students and I think their iced coffee is one of the best in town.  
However.....their Wifi is super spotty....this does not work for me because in my nursing program I often have to submit timed tests and assignments.  I like to do these at coffee shops and it sucks that I don't trust their service enough to avoid a frozen, unloaded screen and an impending meltdown.  Also, the restroom situation is totally gnarly.  There's rarely toilet paper and you half expect every varmint imaginable to come crawling out from under the sink.  
This is still a solid spot to stop for a cup while strolling Oak or to catch some morning sun at one of their outside tables.  If you're looking to study though, arrive early to snag a table and bring earbuds to block out the local sororities rehashing their midnight escapades from the previous night.Another disappointing coffee house. 
Yes, the decor is nice. Cathedral ceilings and beautiful carved wood.  It has tons of seating, which most coffee shops don't have. If you need a place to study, this is probably a great spot for you. 
But I really don't get the appeal. Its another overpriced shop with bad coffee and a poor pastry selection. 
I don't want a lemon bar, or whatever other square shaped cake looking things you have wrapped up in plastic wrap. I want muffins, bursting with blueberries, fresh out of the oven, or soft and chewy bagels.  The few bagels they do have are oh so plain. Plain, wheat, or everything and they don't taste freshly baked. 
I'd be happy to see someone else in this amazing piece of real estate.Let me first say that I'm not a big coffee drinker but I indulge as more of a social activity. I have no idea if their coffee is any good and haven't tried any of the food. I'm a big fan of this place but simply because of the building itself. Looks like it was a bank back in the day. Big windows let in light from 2 sides of the building. I go when I'm in New Orleans visiting family so I have no idea how it compares to other N.O. coffee houses. Cash only.Don't get me wrong, the atmosphere is great, but atmosphere alone doesn't make a great coffee shop.  You also need great coffee.  The Rue is insanely inconsistent with their coffee.  I say that as someone who worked as a barista, and someone who owned a cafe.  It drives me crazy because I want to love it, but they've lost my business until they get some standards in place.Location is terrific and coffee is some of the best in the city.  But let me tell you this -- I will never eat a sandwich here.  Why?  Look up when you're in the restaurant.  There are big rolling tumbleweeds of dust on every rafter.  I can't figure out how it doesn't get in the food?  The whole place is rather dirty actually, including the bathrooms.  But, that being said, it's a great place to meet a friend for coffee.Our neighborhood coffeehouse. There is often a line, but the coffee and bagel sandwiches are all terrific, and they are pretty quick about getting your order out. There is a ton of seating inside and out, and the outlets near all the tables and free wireless make it a great spot to work or study. We love strolling the baby over and sitting outside to enjoy coffee and people watch.Good, cheap coffee in an airy, big-windowed, marble-tiled establishment. Stopped by for a refuel after po-boy overload after yesterday's Po-Boy Preservation Festival on adjacent Oak Street. Great place to linger with a cup and a paper.The location is excellent and the building is beautiful.
I tend to go for iced coffees or teas and always found the prices to be high for the sizes.
Most importantly, they have the most UNCOMFORTABLE chairs ever: rigid, straight backed nightmares.
The unwelcoming chairs match the mood of a lot of the staff.This building needs to have a coffee shop in it. Too bad that for now the tenant is this mediocre, unsanitary, overpriced, cash-only turd of a coffee shop. 
Every time I've visited, the coffee has been under-extracted and tastes like their equipment is in dire need of a cleaning. I don't doubt the cleaning bit because their bathroom is horrific. I gave up on coffee and tried getting green tea a few times just because the location is so great...tasted like the cups are only halfheartedly cleaned as well.
They keep coffee in glass jars exposed to sunlight, which anybody who knows coffee will tell you is a stairway to stale. 
There are other signs that the owners/management are mostly just interested in this place as a money-pit: a handwritten cardboard "cash only" sign on the door, for instance. Given how little money you know they're spending on low-quality coffee and cleaning supplies, you'd figure they could at least put some effort into the building's aesthetics, which is their one selling point. Nope.
I want someone to take this place over and turn it into what it easily could be, which is the most amazing coffee shop in the south, bar-none. Unfortunately, given all the Tulane undergrads who study here and the inevitable traffic drawn in by the building, this place is the coffee equivalent of a bad tourist restaurant in the Quarter: unable to fail by dint of their location, no matter how piss-poor the experience they offer might be. Bummer.Rugged coffeehouse, Parking a little tight. Definitely need to work on the bathrooms. Tea is good, sandwich are ok.Pros:
- located in a artsy, fun part of NOLA with shops and restaurants. This street has a lovely vibe.
- comfortable seating
- moderate noise level
- the building once was a bank, and now a beautiful cafe with what appears to embrace the original interior
- it appears locally owned which I love giving to local businesses
Cons:
Unfortunately, NONE of the above Pros matters when the coffee is overpriced and the baristas give you a "you're wasting my time" look and are very unhelpful. I understand bad days, but seriously, it's a job and faking quality customer service should not be this difficult. I almost felt bad for ordering as the blonde gal appeared as if we were a disturbance to her day. 
So while I value local businesses, I value my hard earned money more and I'll be giving it elsewhere.I absolutely loved this little coffee shop!  The building is absolutely beautiful  (I heard it was an old bank), but it seems a little too big for its britches!  I really felt like I should whisper in there because it is almost too spacious for what/who is in there!  
Other than that, such a great dive.  You could really drive past this place everyday and never even realize it is even there! They also serve sandwiches and such for lunch!This is a short review because another reviewer, Robbie E, nailed it. 
The staff sucks. Period. 
I ordered lunch and waited for my named to be called. After it was called, i walked to the counter. The barista asked if he could help me. I repled that I ordered two sandwiches. He nonverbally responded with a raised arm pointed to the opposite end of the 30 or so foot counter and walked away. I got his attention and said excuse me, where is the sandwhich? He again pointed in the general direction and walked over to the far counter where my plastic to go boxed sandwiches were patiently waiting. He turned around and walked away.  If you go there go with low expectations of the employees. 
$10california sandwich- french bread crusty and dry. Overpriced.My boyfriend and I were so pleased to find this beautiful coffee shop close to our airbnb on our first trip to New Orleans. The architecture of the building is incredibly beautiful. The atmosphere is exactly what you'd want from a coffee shop. The service was great and the coffee/food was delicious. I've been getting the "downtown" with creole mustard. The sprouts make it extra tasty. We've been stopping every morning. Would definitely recommend this place!Almondine cake = RIDICULOUS. Vegan milk options... SCORE! I have been wanting to go into this big place since I visited NOLA over a year ago. We got our coffee quick, it was hot and delicious, but the true star is the Almondine cake. YUM! I can't stop thinking about it!!This coffee shop has many great things working for them.  It's an old bank building that perfectly drowns out conversations, they play great study music, and it's within walking distance to where I live.  I would love to give this place 4/5 stars but there is ONE MAJOR PROBLEM with this place.  
The Staff!!!
The staff here are 20 something year old hipsters that give off a vibe that you're wasting their time every time you try to order something.  There also appears to be zero supervision of said hipsters, so there is no accountability for their rudeness.  This was something I was able to ignore until yesterday when I went in; I was called out for not leaving the guy a tip.  
I ordered an Americano (not a hard to make drink) and walked over to put some half n half in it.  As I was returning to my seat, the guy working there was emptying his tip jar and said to me, "hey bro, this isn't here for show."  I said, "Excuse me".  He then reiterated, "This tip jar isn't here for a joke."  This guy was calling me out in front of the whole coffee shop for not leaving him a tip.  First of all, TIPPING IS OPTIONAL!!!  Secondly, I usually tip on the 2nd drink, and I had every intention tipping the next time I ordered.  I'm sorry, but if I'm just going for 1 coffee, I refuse to leave a tip, your job is not difficult.  This irritated me so much that I placed the americano back on the counter and said I'm never coming back in here again.  There was a girl working there as well and they both had these zombie blank stares on their faces.  The guy refunded my money (even though, I didn't ask for it) and I left.  
I'm just wondering if there's any kind of supervision over the staff here.  I was trying to do the right thing and support local business, however, the rudeness and sense of entitlement of that place drove me right to Starbucks.  My experience at Starbucks, like every experience at Starbucks was predictable.  I got what I wanted with a great attitude from the employees, they accept credit card, and there's no pressure to tip.  There's a reason some of these big corporations are taking over small businesses and this example illustrates it clearly.  
It's really sad to see such great potential go to waste at Rue de la Course.4/5 look up.
just look up and admire the space. it's such a great great space. i find that i can be productive here, love how it also kinda feels like a library and maybe that's helpful to nerds like me. i tend to forget about the cash only thing, so keep that in mind!Came to do some studying. Plenty of space on a weekday during the summer, cute building. However the chairs are stiff, little to no padding, and the wifi is very spotty. There also aren't any couches or seating meant for people to stay awhile. That might be intentional. I would certainly come back for a quick get together with friends in the neighborhood but not comfortable if you plan to stay for a few hours.Rue is an excellent place to go and have a good conversation. They only accept cash, which is inconvienent but ultimately serves a greater good. The wide variety of tea is impressive. Yet, the baked goods are incredibly subpar.  The baristas have always been polite and the building is sparse without being clinical.As a student at nearby Tulane Univeristy, Rue is one of my favorite spots to hang out and do work.  The building is stunning (hello vaulted ceilings, huge windows, and old-timey chandeliers!) and they have great, quiet seating both upstairs and downstairs (I prefer sitting upstairs because it's a bit more removed from the action) and delicious coffee for powering through those long projects.  The iced mocha is my favorite but you really can't go wrong with any of their drinks.  The food is good, but a little pricey and they only accept cash which is a little inconvenient.  However, there is an ATM one block down Carrollton and a Walgreens across the street.  The baristas are all very friendly and cool. Overall, this is a must-go for locals and tourists alike.Cool place to get coffee and a snack. I spent most of law school studying at the one on Magazine Street in a smoke filled atmosphere with stressed out graduate students. That one is now closed but the same atmosphere exists today without the smoke on Carrollton at the river bend near Tulane and Loyola.Rue de la Course is my gold standard for Coffeeshop Workplaces. 
 I first learned of RdlC in 2006 when a fellow LSU MFA grad tipped her hand and confessed her daily writing routine was parking at RdlC on Magazine. When it closed, she transferred accordingly to S. Carrollton.
I returned here yesterday after a year hiatus, and again, I trumpet its status as a coffeeshop that satisfies my exacting Goldilocks Syndrome (temperamental, misanthropic, cranky and transient) for coffeeshop workplaces:
-music: low. classical. unobtrusive. the high ceilings and wide space helps turn surrounding conversations into white noise.
-temperature: a bit on the chilly side but this is best for the brain wheels.
-space-so much room between tables. this place is set up to host big ideas on laptops.
-outlets-they're present.
-crowd -no babies or chatty undergrads.
I must add another standard to my Goldilocks Coffeeshop test, and that's the coffeeshop's function in the community. I know, I know--super dumb and sorta like I'm trying too hard to be all Nola ish, but I'm serious. And this aspect doesn't discount Starbucks or Barnes and Noble in-store Starbucks. It's the vibe. Like, is this a place that people of several sub-groups in a community feel welcome? Does the energy feel *safe* like everyone is tacitly agreeing on the fact that the place is a comfort zone for both deep thinking and chatting with friends with an appropriate volume? A tough balance. I think Starbucks in Harvey on the Westbank is super comfortable in that way. But no, they aren't independent, nor do they promote local artists or composting. Just saying--we make refuges in all sorts of places, us coffeeshop flies.
The only thing I don't love about Rue is that the prices for sandwiches aren't posted visibly on the menu board. This means I have to ask for the price, and the barista has to wait and watch me decide that I don't have that much money, and that involves them a little too much in my "maybe I have enough cash for a bagel and fancy cream cheese" deliberation, which can be embarrassing.
I try to tip on each trip up to the counter, and if I make 3 trips for the cheapest brew and maybe a carb re-load, an additional 8-9$ sandwich prices me out. But when I lived higher on the hog, I delighted in Rue's sandwiches.
These days, I treat myself with their scallion cream cheese, toasted sesame bagel, and if I'm really feeling like a princess, I throw in $1 for sliced avocado.SLIGHT REVISION UP 1 STAR: The staff is so nice!
I like the coffee and the cookies. I also like the staff at Rue on Carrollton. Moreover, the atmosphere is great: a cavernous former bank lit just enough to read and packed with students studying. It's a good place to work without being disturbed, and the internet is good. However, there are two problems with both Rue locations: 1) The owner throws people out who have not bought anything or have overstayed their welcome. (I actually understand this mostly, but it changes the atmosphere. 2)  The chairs are incredibly uncomfortable.They are straight-backed wooden chairs with woven seats. The chairs have very high backs, which means you can't lean backward in them even a little bit (I am 6 ft with a long torso and I can't). Additionally, there is no curve to the chairs, which means you actually end up leaning forward. Try staying in that position for more than 15 mins. You end up alternating between sitting like a prim Puritan and slouching like a kid...Then you have to ask your wife for a 30 min massage when you're done.This place it much more convenient now that they take credit cards. I enjoy the upstairs for getting work done but tend to only come here if I can get here early to avoid dealing with parking and the busyness of oak st.Had a great coffee experience.  Friendly staff, would like a review of prices,  from what I could tell, they are not posted anywhere. Did not receive a receipt,  and was not offered one. But price seemed moderate for the order I placed. Will return.I have been there twice so far.  Both times the atmosphere has made me heartbroken and homesick for my sister cities, Seattle and San Francisco.  This is what a coffee house should look/feel/smell/taste like!  Lots of seating spaced out among different areas (awesome location outside) good music, lots of interesting things to look at on the walls.  The coffee is delicious, hands down.  The shots are pulled and shocked at the peak of flavor.  No burnt bean taste, no ashy crap mouth cloy.  One of baristas even poured the shot into a shot glass full of ice.  I've seen a shot poured into the cup with ice, but the shot glass with ice? That's a detail that makes me want to Yelp ( I never Yelp unless I damn well mean it.)
So far I've ordered only the Iced Americano which is a great litmus for a cafe.  So easy to make, so hard to break.  They've won with flying colors.  I'm excited to try their drip soon as well.  I'll also have to try their pastries.
The staff is fast and professional and curt, just how i love my baristas.  Baristas are to be respected and revered and treated with the highest of dignity, as you see them on a daily basis in your most prone uncaffeinated state.  They keep it cool with their hipster hair and band shirts.  A good coffee place makes me feel closer to my community, and their presence cements just that.  It may not make much sense to some people, but it reminds me of my friends and my network.  
So yes, this place is great.  4 stars because I haven't had their drip/pastries/sandwiches yet.  But I'll probably remedy that soon.This coffee house use to be my favorite place to order a very good coffee and enjoy the ambiance of dreamy music and a beautiful airy space in a wonderful old architecture. Maybe the owner is different or I had the bad luck to arrive on days that it was poorly managed. I ordered a double cappuccino to 'drink here' usually in a ceramic cup, what I received was in a styrofoam cup that had no weight. The weightless cup was because it contained 90% frothed milk along with what must have been several tablespoons of coffee. When I asked where the coffee was I was told that is the way he makes a DOUBLE cappuccino. It turned out to be to my benefit - as it took me only a couple sips to finish the drink and get away from the screeching loud rock music that they were playing which has replaced the usual meditative tunes. I won't be going back as there are other coffee shops on Oak St.Beautiful coffee shop all around. The detailed architecture on this building adds so much character to the environment. If you need a place to study, read or even have a small chat with a friend: this is the place to be!
 Don't forget it's 'Cash Only', but don't worry, there are plenty of signs around the shop to remind you. Also the baristas may be ride at times, but that's ok. 
Overall, great local coffeehouse. Enjoy!This is a great location but their quality of products is average to me. I recently went in (after multiple visits) to try a chai tea latte and it was "blah". However, I do love the sandwich options. My favorite so far is the bagel and lox because I always get this specific bagel (can't remember if it was garlic and onion) but it is very tasty with it.I have been searching around a lot, and I think Rue at this location is the ideal coffee shop in New Orleans. It's generally quiet, the music is always classical, the staff is friendly, and the ambiance of an antique bank building can't be beat. It provides the right mix of distraction and seriousness for my needs as a writer and a tutor. The chairs could use some work, but they keep me from falling asleep.Awesome coffee, awesomely bad internet. If you need web access, you might want to choose a different coffee shop.I'm a medical student here in New Orleans, and I really like this coffee shop to study (which I do a lot). Though main things are great, there is big room for improvement:
Coffee/tea = great!
Food = amazing
Atmosphere = my favorite
Music = pleasant but not overbearing :)
Decor = very pleasing!
baristas = mostly rude. Once one of them came up to me and rudely told me to either buy a coffee or leave. Obviously I know how coffee shops work, I don't need the attitude or the tone to come with it. 
bathroom = disgusting! seems like it is cleaned once a week! (gross)             there was water everywhere on the floor, dirty papers.This is a great, great space with huge ceilings, giant windows, beautiful sunlight coming through!  Plenty of space to study with charming wooden tables with plenty of space to spread out.  The iced coffee is nice, and the other coffee drinks are fine.  Can be expensive.
The reason I'm writing this review is because I want to sing from a mountaintop how awful the wifi is at this coffeeshop.  So sketchy, so slow.  If only you knew the time I've stared at a dead browser screen refreshing yelp in order to neurotically arrive to this site in order to tell you about it.  Don't come here if you have important internet use in your future.  
Also, the bathroom is the stuff nightmares are made of.  Straight out of the Saw movies honestly.
Nice space, spotty internet, good coffee.Would like this place a lot better if they did a better job of keeping the homeless out of the bathrooms.  They are distracting (loud rants to themselves don't help the general good vibes of the place) and make a mess in the bathrooms.  
Also -- opt for the espresso drinks.. their coffee is pretty terrible.This Rue is probably my favorite place to get some work done at night. It has that library feel to it where I can have me a nice cup of chamomile tea and get some work done. 
Great teas and definitely go upstairs and do chill out as you look over the whole coffee shop.  It's definitely a classic choice.I work a lot from coffee shops, and this has to be the best one I've ever worked from. The setup is very conducive to getting work done: outlets everywhere, desk lamps, classical music playing, and a vibe of people studying and working. 
Baristas were super nice and the coffee was great too.I really like it here. It's a good spot to come in day or night and hang out and work or read. If I work, I sit outside so I don't bug anyone while I'm on the phone and it's pretty nice out there. Otherwise, I like being inside and preferably by the window. 
The coffee is good and so are the pastries. I don't eat there often but the food is good too. 
I suppose if I have one gripe it's that for every transaction I always tip a buck and even though I have at times gone in every day, more than once a day, I have never gotten a "thank you" for my tip or for my purchase in general. Ok, maybe once...but saying thanks shouldn't be so infrequent. 
But who cares? I like this spot plenty either way.Love love love Rue! Where else can you sit in a refurbished old timey bank and enjoy a well-prepared latte? 
Although the atmosphere in December was a bit hushed due to all the students frantically preparing for finals (hard to get a seat midday), there's still something really inspiring about working/writing in this environment. I really like it! Also conveniently located to shops and restaurants on Oak, if you need to get out and take a quick break. Although those sandwiches coming out looked mighty tasty and tempting enough to make us think twice about heading out to lunch.
Cash only!I like studying here bc there's so much seating available upstairs and downstairs. There's lots of natural light that shines through the windows and the tall ceilings make it feel very open. 
I ordered a small French vanilla iced coffee($3) and asked for a splash of almond milk.  The barista diluted my coffee with so much almond milk that it didn't even taste like an iced coffee anymore. I also ordered a plain bagel with butter ($2). They don't have individual butter packets like most coffee shops.  Instead, there is a communal plate of butter that everyone can dig into, which I think is so gross because anyone could easily double dip. 
Their menu doesn't list any prices, so you never know if you're getting overcharged or not.When I first came to New Orleans, this was the first cafe I had been to in the city. The ambience, the atmosphere, the service, the people... all of it was absolutely enchanting. Everytime I come, that feeling never fades. Excellent coffee shop. One of the best in the city (actually, I think the best), and when anyone I know in town wants to go to a grab a light snack or some coffee, this is my go to. Awesome place, and open very late (also a great perk).STUDY FRIENDLY! 
If you're feeling studious but also would like to see the sunlight of the outside world, Rue de la Course is your place. 
The shop is very spacious so you can be to yourself for quiet time or far enough not to bother neighbors during group discussion. 
Thanks to the 2 story windows, it is filled with natural light--!!! This is definitely one of the most beautiful coffee shops in New Orleans. It's also a one stop shop if you want coffee andddd you're hungry. BAGEL SAMMICHES!! I say this place covers all the bases. Hoo-ra!The iced herbal tea was great. The croissant, not so much. It was pale and stale. Like week old Costco croissants made by a novice baker.
The space is very large with two levels. Some tables upstairs even have desk lamps. At first, I wondered why almost nobody was studying on the second level. As soon as I reached the top few steps, I knew why. It's hot up there! No AC vents but does have ceiling fans. I also could not get my tablet or cell to connect with WiFi due to a weak signal on the upper level. I did like the classical music playing and was quiet enough to study. 
Service was meh. The barista hardly acknowledged me and seemed inconvenienced by my order. Probably the least friendly barista I've ever met. 
I never write about bathrooms, but this unisex one was just gross. Dungeon-like, dark, smelly, and out of soap. 
So 1.5  stars for the drinks and 1.5 stars for the decent study environment.Quiet, removed from the hubbub, and (thank you Rue!) free wifi. This Rue saved my life when I was busy repairing my home after Katrina. It was one of the few places I could sit, chill out for a few minutes and plug in. It holds a special place in my heart.
And they serve the BEST coffee uptown. Period.I loved walking into this place to experience what was once an old train station (I believe that is what I remember them saying). 
The awesome tall ceilings and tall walls made the place feel very open, bright and full of energy. The architecture is great to stare at and get inspiration from. I particularly like the back wall all lined up with their different coffee beans in jars.
I only stopped in for coffee, so I cannot comment on anything else, but I was a bit disappointed in the coffee. I ordered a cold brew and much to my surprise it was served to me in a styrofoam cup that you would use for something hot - like a coffee you would pick up at a gas station. It caught be off guard enough that I felt silly when I asked if my coffee was cold.
During my trip to New Orleans, I popped into a few other coffee shops and I would say, I liked others over this one - as far as the actual coffee offering.Really cool place to get a cup of coffee and getting work done. It's sometimes difficult to find a seat near a plug, but always worth a shot! 
Great place for catching up with one or 2 friends, not a large group. The staff is great and helpful with suggestions if you're unsure of what to order.I really like this place and while not life-changing, I'll pass up two other cafes to go here and work on stuff.  The music is always classy, which i appreciate! Other folks mentioned that the coffee isn't that great and I definitely agree.  Better coffee would get this place four stars in my book.Wow!!! This place is so awesome!!! Coffee is good even if it wasn't the atmosphere would make up for average coffee! Located in an old bank with high ceilings, gargoyle bat things etched into the arches and old wooden floors make an awesome place to study, slightly felt like Hogwarts! I love the large tables to study at and even classic green lamps to study under with free wifi and lots of plugs! Great place I can't wait to go back!By far my favorite coffee spot in New Orleans! Absolutely love that it's in an old bank and it doesn't hurt that the coffee and snack are absolutely delicious. A great spot to charge up, whether it's your phone or your stomachLocated on Carrolton Avenue, New Orleans, is this beautiful coffee shop serving a wide range of coffee and tea beverages. I ordered a chai latte which was..just okay. It definitely wasn't terrible, but I also definitely had better. 
The real kicker to this place is how beautiful it looks, which makes enjoying your beverage even easier. With a split two story design with many tables and chairs set up on both floors, you'll have plenty of places to choose to sit and drink. The incredibly high roof with equally as high windows let in so much natural light with amazing gargoyle sculptures topping each of those. The bar where the coffee is served is also original to the building, which looks great.
Overall, the location is fantastic and totally makes the visit worth while but the latte was lacking.The coffee is eh, but the a atmosphere is amazing. It's in an old bank with huge windows that light up the entire building. 
Plus, they only play classical music - I love that! Plus they sell Artz Bagelz. Yum. 
So if I'm picking up a coffee, I won't come here. But if I need to get some serious work done or want to get out of the house and grab a book and relax, I come here. Plus the soups are actually really good too.
The bathrooms are also gross and it's CASH ONLY.When you're charging $10 for a turkey sandwich and $4 for a small coffee, it's time to reconsider the snarked "we're cash only" reply to customers with plastic, especially when there isn't clear "Cash Only" signage displayed anywhere.I've been to Rue more than a few times because I studied for the bar exam there back in 2016 and I now work down the street. Usually it's an okay experience. There is nothing stellar about anything here. The food, coffee, and service have always just been middle of the road. This morning my service was terrible. I walked in and said good morning to the cashier (young fella with long brown hair in a low ponytail) and he did not respond at all. He did not ask me what I wanted or anything. So I just said that I wanted a breakfast sandwich with American cheese and bacon on a plain bagel. He wrote it down on the back of a torn receipt. Then he finally spoke and said, "Anything else?" I say no then handed him my card and he put it in the machine and turned the iPad around to me. I still tipped him because I always feel like a turd if I don't tip but looking back I wish I hadn't. I thought at first that maybe he was just in a pissy mood until the next two customers came in while I was waiting for my sandwich. A man came in after me and the cashier greeted him with "what can I do for you?" Next, a woman came in and was also greeted and then when she walked away he told her to have a nice day. Where was that energy with me? I don't know what his problem was but those interactions confirmed that his problem was with me. I've never had an exchange with this guy as the cashiers are usually women when I come in. I think from now on I'll just stick to going to Zotz down the street.Best Coffee I have found in NOLA so far. Nice atmosphere, good shots, what's not to like?My guy and I stopped into this coffee shop on a Sunday as we were out and about eating brunch, doing some shopping, and just enjoying a leisurely ride on the street car.  About mid afternoon we decided to go and have a beverage at The Maple Leaf, which brings me to our friends here in this review.
After we got off of the street car, we decided a quick caffeine boost might serve us well.  Thankfully Rue de la Course was waiting for us on the first corner we came upon.  I could tell from the outside that it was clearly an old bank or something and became quite excited to see the architecture inside.  Pretty cool, a bit under kept in my opinion, but ok.  Well of corse we then proceeded with our orders.  My favorite guy got a vanilla latte and I, feeling quirky, got a vanilla Italian Soda.  The young hipster who took my order had the personality of wet cardboard, so that turned me off quite quickly.  Lucky for him, what he lacks in vitality he made up for in his beverage preparation.  The prices for our said drinks were right on par with any other coffee shop and there was ample seating if you would like to get some work done here.  They do operate on a cash only basis, so bring some green backs with you.  
Now at this point I felt that I was teetering on a three star experience.  Sure the service was bland, but it was quick and done well.  The space was no frills, but had some good character. What this place did not have though was the since to clean their bathroom.  YUK, is all I'm going to say.  If you are headed here, please make plans to use the poddy elsewhere.  They where doing so 'OK', but then with one opening of their bathroom door enlightening me to the experience I was about to have, a star went out and I just tried not to touch anything!We killed some time at Rue de la Course while waiting for a table at Jacques-Imo.  We didn't want to spoil our dinners, but a couple of my friends got a cookie and a cinnamon bun.  Both were very mediocre and clearly not fresh.
That said, it was a really cool, relaxing space.  The place is really big, with high ceilings and a seemingly endless number of two-person tables.  We saw two law students studying and felt a little lucky that we were able to ditch our own classes to attend a wedding.  Rue de la Course seems pretty ideal for studying or idle chatting.  There appears to be little pressure to buy anything or leave to make room for paying patrons.  If I lived in the area I might not take meals here, but I would definitely avail myself of the space.I will preface this review by saying that I own a coffee shop in Florida so not your everyday customer. 
I stopped in on Sunday evening for some iced coffee and looked over their selection of pastries as I waited. The barista was very friendly and efficient. I know iced coffee is generally a darker roast but this was so strong I could barely finish half of it.
I went back Monday morning hoping for some fresh pastries and a good latte. Again the barista was friendly and pleasant so no complaints there and the lattes were good and well made though a bit under filled. The biggest problem was the pastries. I got a bagel, a scone and a muffin to sample several items. I suspected that perhaps these were the same one from the day before since I was there at opening and there wasn't a large selection. The bagel was at least a day or even two days old (didn't eat more than a bite), the scone was dry and tough and the muffin was dry and stale. 
I really wanted to like this place. It's a beautiful place and the staff was great and the coffee was pretty good though a bit too dark for my personal taste. Sadly the pastries really sort of ruined it for me. With multiple coffee shops within walking distance from here one would think that they would have their A game on. So if you want ok coffee and stale pastries then this is the place for you. Personally I won't be back and will be trying one of the other places nearby.A really cool and unique coffe shop. The atmosphere and the place here is totally different than other typical coffee shops in the area. 
The place is very spacious with a lot of tables and there is also a small upstairs area. Although, upstairs is not the best place to study because it is a bit dark up there, but quiet.
I got their vanilla iced coffee and loved it. It wasn't overly sweet and it still had the taste of regular iced coffee with a good amount of vanilla taste to it. Their sandwiches are also really good too, good if you want to stop by for a quick bite.
Good place to go study or just chill out, the reason for the three stars is basically the bathrooms and environment of the area. It wouldn't hurt to keep their bathrooms a bit clean and to touch up the area to make it a bit nicer looking.The coffee: The cortado tasted pretty burnt. This went away after I let my coffee sit a while so I guess there's that. I think I may just have had a bad experience because the person taking care of my order seemed really new. I wouldn't write home about the coffee, but it wasn't bad. 
The shop: This is probably the saving grace for me. I really like the space. It seems like an excellent place to study. There are two floors and tall ceilings, making it seem very large. It reminds me of a library. I haven't been to many shops that have this atmosphere, so I would give it bonus points for that. 
Overall: Reasonable coffee and a great space makes this place worth coming to, especially if you want a nice spot to get some work done.I've worked downstairs and upstairs; it's a bit loud because of the music, and the upstairs was a bit warm, but this is a coffee shop I go out of my way to visit when I'm in the area. 
The baristas I've had have always seemed more knowledgeable than other places. Their coffee is super strong without detracting from the taste. Their pastries are on point. They have fast and free wifi that is actually even better than the last office building I worked from. 
Their prices are good, and the building is beautiful. I worked on my master's thesis here; it will probably always hold a special place in my heart.I absolutely loved the service, and my coffee was great! The baristas were friendly and got the coffee out quickly, the atmosphere was clean and cozy. This is a great place to get coffee, whether it's just a morning cup of joe or a study session.We stopped in here late on a week night when our friends were visiting in town. It was hard to find a place for coffee and to hang out that also stayed open late. Fortunately, this place does!
They are located in an old building with a high ceiling and really cool architecture. They play very relaxing classical music that fit the mood just right.
They have plenty of tables on the main floor and it looked like a smaller selection upstairs. There was a good size amount of people there on their laptops. We were able to get a table for the 4 of us without any problem.
My iced latte was fantastic. It was probably the best I've had in a long time. I had some leftover and it was even good the next day.
I would definitely return here for the coffee and the ambiance!I am in love with this place. Every single barista is friendly, competent, and quirky which fits the vibe of this particular area. I will admit though, after having watched a few of them work, some of them will short you on your shots of espresso.What do you do when its cold out  for Oak Street Po-Boy Festival, but you still wanna "turn up"?  Hot tea, splash of Crown Royal and your well on your way! 
This place was just what I needed to battle the wind for the festival. Great tea selection, because I'm not much of a coffee drinker. Tons of flavors to choose from (Passion fruit, peach. chai, etc etc) you name it they had it. Peach was my choice for the day and it was a hit. 
I loved the atmosphere in the inside. Tons of room to sit and read, study, or sip and spill tea with the girlfriends. Located right on the corner of Oak and Carrolton...so there's a good chance to find some off street parking. Especially if you need a caffeine pick me up on your way to work.I've been to this coffeehouse many times. Usually I have a good experience--the barista I typically is friendly and cheerfully makes my drink. This evening the barista did not even speak to me, but just stared blankly at me as I approached the counter. I wasn't even sure if I should order because I felt so out of place. He made my drink while another employee rung me up. She was nice. It was such an odd and out of ordinary experience for me at Rue. I usually find this place peaceful and quaint.Stopped in to get coffee after dinner with a friend that was visiting from California.  We ordered 2 cafe au laits, which arrived cold and not because we asked for iced coffee.  In addition, the "barista" was so lackadaisical he couldn't have cared less if there were patrons in the shop or not. 
aside from the great architecture of the building, this place is a no go.The coffee is good. I love that they have oat milk. The atmosphere is very nice and beautiful. All of the baristas are warm and friendly except the baldish guy usually in a hat. He's rude every time. If we see that he's working while we bring friends in from out of town, we'll walk down to Zotz instead.