Can't wait to try more from this place in our neighborhood. The burger was almost as good as Yo Mama's. Fantastic!My friend and I had brunch here on a busy Sunday morning.  We only waited for about 20 minutes (it was predicted to be 45 minutes). The staff were friendly and accommodating. The service was also quick! I had a crab cake poboy and my friend had Eggs Lafitte. They both tasted great! So were the peach Bellini and mimosa! 
Such a good addition to the area! I'd go back!Not too good of a place find out for yourself old smelly building
I got the fried shrimp and it had no taste to it hush puppies for greasy my husband got the white beans with shrimp that was good
But I will not go back thereI have been dining at Russell's for decades.  It's always a great experience. Because of the awesome, friendly service and food, my family has celebrated many birthdays and special occasions at Russell's. I usually have breakfast, but decided to try something different this time.  Today I ordered the crab cakes, and I'm glad I did.  They were absolutely delicious!  I can't wait to return to try something new.This is my family's favorite place to bring our kids for breakfast.  They seat us fairly quickly considering they are always very busy.  They are quick to bring crayons and coloring sheets to the table for my 2 toddlers.  They also go above and beyond for for special meal requests. (we always order a large bowl of fruit and ask for more or less of certain kinds because of my picky eaters) The waitresses are very friendly and my coffee is filled often. My favorite dish is the Eggs Ponchartrain. My girls love the fresh squeezed orange juice. This restaurant is one of the few that are kid friendly and understand how to get us in and out before the kids get cranky! We all enjoy our meals and the experience is always pleasant.I have to say the food here is really good but I have to give it 3 stars because the place is yuck! My dad used to take me all the time when I was a kid, and I loved the breakfasts. The omelettes were incredible but the place has never changed its outdated decor. I know its supposed to be like a diner kind of deal but I really don't like seeing a roach crawl out of the crackers basket while eating my meal. The staff was always friendly and the place is pretty inviting but I don't like seeing bugs out in the open like that. You can only imagine what things are lurking in the kitchen. Once this place gets it together, I will go back. Needless to say, i would recommend it for a good breakfast/brunch just because the food is that good!Jumbo shrimp and grits were ok. Could use more flavor and way too much butter/oil. Made me feel sick after. Red beans and rice was good, but pork chops were way too dry.I Love this place! I just wish they had more space! The Food is amazing! Customer service is also good. Its definitely a restaurant you got to try!Is it true things taste better when they are free? On my lips and in my tummy, Russell's tastes as good as it did when it was on "their" dime. 
As a teenager with a driver's license, I had what my dad would call "gas on my chest" and  "money burning my pocket".  Meaning I would spend my parents duckies on gas to cruise around the city with no real destination and for dining out every chance I could. Lots of "their" hard earned dollars were spent here at Russell's. And for good reason. 
Russell's continues to deliver the same quality breakfast and great service as it did back then and I am drawn to it just as much as I was way back when. 
Recently, I met up with my bestie to catch up and we decided to return to our old stomping ground for some girl time. 
Breakfast was delicious (sweet potato pancakes and my BFF had the seafood omelette - both pictured below), prices are still reasonable and as usual, there was quite the crowd. On warm weather days, there is outdoor seating. During peak hours(10a -1p), the wait is usually 30-45 minutes. But totally worth the wait.I remember my parents taking me and my sister here for breakfast when I was kid, and boy, it was a delicious breakfast!
I always got their omelette covered in chilli and marinara sauce. So good!
The service was always superb as well. Very friendly!
You might be wondering why I would give this place 2 stars? Well, the last time I came here with my dad about a year or 2 ago, we saw something that most people don't want to see in a restaurant. My dad went to grab a cracker from the cracker basket and a roach crawled out of it! I didn't see it (thank God!), and he didn't tell me about it until we left because he knew it would probably stand up on the table screaming bloody murder since I'm terrified of roaches! I haven't been back since this incident. I know most restaurants have roaches, but when they're crawling on the table out in the open, then you have a problem. I've even read another review of someone experiencing a similar situation so I know it wasn't just a one time freak thing. 
They really need to take proper measures to get rid of this problem because their food and service really are excellent. I just can't bear to stomach their food though if there's a chance I'll see a roach crawling across my plate and table.I'm bummed to have to re-write my review of Russells. I think my best experiences have certainly been at breakfast. My husband and I came to dinner on a Thursday night. We ordered an onion mum, soup, and the daily special- panned chicken with Monica sauce and Mac and cheese. The onion mum had some parts that were super burnt, and some that were mushy and underdone. But we ate a good bit of it- the sauce was delicious! 
We each ordered the special- my husbands chicken  was thick and juicy. Mine was so thin you could barely see the chicken, just batter, and was over-fried to the point of the ends were too hard/dry to eat. The sauce on it was the biggest issue though. It tasted super seafood-y and just off. I scraped it off as much as I could, my husband ate it. The next day we both had stomach issues, and wondered if it was from that. The Mac and cheese was excellent, though. Overall, unless its breakfast I probably wouldn't come back.My fiancee' and I came for a very late lunch on Sunday because, well, we didn't feel like cooking.  Neither of us were that hungry, but we needed to eat something.  We started with an onion mumm, which is supposedly the original.  Not sure if that's true, but it was pretty good.  Good batter; batter stuck to the onion; and the remoulade sauce (advertised as Rosette sauce) made for an excellent dip.
I also had the Simno's Melt - Grilled Chicken breast, avocado, pepper jack cheese, romaine, tomato, smoked pecan bacon, sun dried tomato pesto on thick multigrain bread. It was, well, as advertised.  The chicken was cooked well, the avocado, cheese, and bacon seemed fresh enough, if not flavorful.  The pesto was the kicker - excellent flavor, fresh ingredients, and the perfect spread for plain old grilled chicken.
The sandwich also came with a fruit salad, a concept which I was fine with, and even preferred.  However, the fruit salad was a bit disappointing.  It had a disproportionate amount of cantaloupe, with some strawberry slices and pineapple chunks thrown in.  I have never been a cantaloupe fan, and I've always considered a fruit salad full of cantaloupe to be a copout. 
Other than that, the service was great and the prices reasonable.  We left quite satisfied.Breakfast is awesome. Service is good. Lunch so so. Fried shrimp were horrid. Chicken fingers were ok. Service is great for price point!!Great service and great food every single time! They have amazing pancakes and breakfast items as well as burgers, sandwiches, red beans, you name it. If you are interested in dessert, I highly recommend the lemon meringue pie. It can be busy on the weekends but you never have to wait long to be seated, especially with a small group. Highly recommend.I don't even remember what I ordered, as we were leaving town and I was still drunk from partying. I just know that it was goooooood! They have a homemade  jam that I'm currently feigning. Can I order some and have it shipped to me? It's the best strawberry preserves I've ever tasted. Now that I think about it, I think I had some kind of chicken and gravy. 
Our food came hot and pretty quick. They were busy, so we factored that in as well.
Our server was sweet and attentive.
My husband and best friend raved about their entrees, so we will be back next time we are down that way.Russell's came with high recommendations.  My original rate was 3 stars but the biscuits turned it into a 4. The service was good. The waitresses were nice but they switched waitress in the middle of service. I was confused. They later told me someone owed the other person a table. That makes it confusing to the customer. The food was breakfast but nothing to write home about. As I mentioned there biscuits stole the show for me. I would come back for those. The eggs weren't fluffy. They were like a cheese omelette. My French toast was thick and I loved all the berries and banana. It just didn't wow me. The sweet potato beignets were more like heavy donut holes instead of light beignets. My husband loved the chicken breast. Great menu. It just didn't make me want to run back.Boy, oh boy did I miss this place when I moved away!! Just went back to visit over New Year's and It all came back to me...this time, I had the Shrimp Omelet with "hash browns", which were more like fried potatoes, but oh-so-good. The shrimp were nice and fresh (as well they should be for a Lakefront restaurant) and the Hollandaise was perfect. My brother got the Eggs Pontchartrain and they were gone so fast I didn't get to even take a pic, much less try them!! English muffin with fried green tomatoes, poached eggs and pecan-smoked bacon, again laced with the same tasty Hollandaise. Great coffee, but even greater BLOODY MARY!!! Some say it's a pricey drink, but, honestly, $6.99 isn't too bad for a sizable Bloody Mary in a souvenir cup. Especially one that tastes this good!! Dressed with pickled okra, pickled green beans, olives, celery...can you tell I'm a fan? We even got a visit from "Big Al" (or I was told it was him, anyway...just as affable as a guy can be. No wonder Russell's is a breakfast institution! My favorite place on the Lakefront.My family and I truly enjoy dining at Russell's Marina Grill.  Nice large portions of delightfully tasty food perfectly cooked.  They only serve quality beverages and the service has always been outstanding.  Friendly smiles at the door and the wait staff aim to please...and the do follow up service throughout the meal. I have never walked away hungry from any of their meals.  Very neighborhood friendly and tourist are treated like neighbors. 
If you're looking for one of the best, this is it. Go enjoy!My sisters and I dined here today for my birthday lunch. I chose Russell's because of all the great reviews. I'm so glad We went here! Thank you Yelpers! 
To start off, we ordered the onion mumm, as seen below. The onion was fried perfectly and their dipping sauce for it was great. As for our main dishes, I had the Jumbo BBQ shrimps and grits, my sisters had the eggs 9th and eggs gentilly. Everything was so flavorful! When I received my shrimp and grits, I thought it would be like a good size plate for lunch. Let's just say, that I now have dinner, which I'm super stoked about! I was able to try my sister's plates also and omg they're good. I'm drooling just thinking about it again. I definitely recommend Russell's if you're wanting good food.Very good brunch spot. We've become regulars over the years, and spent many Sunday mornings there.Love this place! Even though it was packed the wait wasn't bad and our food came out really fast. The fresh squeezed OJ is a must. Everyone there is friendly and our server Louis was phenomenal. They definitely know how to run a restaurant and you can't beat the food for the price!Lovely place!! Friendly staffs- you got to try this place. I ordered Egg# 9 and it was delicious. 
The only thing is that there was a wait of 30 minutes. They asked us if we want to sit outside or wait longer. We decided to eat outside even though it was hot. The chairs outside are not comfortable but we really enjoy this place.I had breakfast here this morning, I had the BBQ shrimp with grits!   It was totally delicious!  The biscuit was amazing.   I need to mention that Russell's may have the Best Bloody Mary I have ever had!   I need to say, I have had many from all around!   Delicious!!!I've been to Russell's Maria a couple of times for lunch and for brunch. This most recent Sunday Brunch was wildly popular. Our wait was about 35 minutes with people still spilling in and putting their name on the list. If you want to get seated fast get here before 10:30 - parking is a bit hard to find around this area.
We got both the fried artichoke hearts (served with Rosette Sauce, $6.99) and fried eggplant (served with marinara sauce $6.99). Both were delicious, but I highly suggest the fried artichoke hearts because they are delicious and the Rosette Sauce was to die for.
I really wanted the chicken and waffles but had an issue with waffles at the last brunch restaurant I went to, instead I opted in for the Greek Omelet that came with feta cheese, kalamata olives, tomatoes, and onions. It also came with a side (sweet potato fries) and a toast or biscuit. 
The omelet was ok...not that great. I'm glad we had the appetizers because I would have left pretty disappointed. Two of the people at the table got the sweet potatoe pancakes and they were delicious!Incredible hospitality. Food is tasty. Peanut Butter pie is to die for. One if my favorite restaurants.Haven't been here in a couple years. Father's Day, no reservation, party of 4. Got seated in about  in about 15 minutes. YES!!! Fried Pickles were awesome. All  the appetizer plates had chunks of food on them, as if they were not rinsed enough after washing. He never brought new, clean ones after handing him back the dirty ones. She had Chicken Fried Steak Platter and I had eggs and CFS. When the plates came out, looked like a mountain of chicken fried goodness. Wife cut into hers as I dug into my eggs. 3 cuts in and nothing but breading. As if the steak shrunk inside  the breading. It was a breading pocket void of any filling. I dug into mine and same story. Meat had shrunk. When I did hit steak it tasted freezer burned. Service wasn't as great as I remember. Server seemed lost/untrained. Asked for another cup of coffee and half and half, took about 5 minutes (while half of the wait staff was standing by the wall) just to get the coffee. Had to ask for half and half again. Left hungry and sweaty. Felt like they killed A/C right before closing time. Manager did come to ask what was wrong and to get details.  Offered a free dessert after we paid the bill and were on our way out. It was way too hot to stay another minute.Nice setting. I love this place. If you like a noisy surrounding this is your place . Food is amazing!!Staff was very friendly.  Food was average at best, except for the homemade jelly, which was excellent.Russell's is a solid diner with NOLA standards. It's where you can take your Granny (or in my case little niece's) and everyone is happy. Of course, the littlest niece wanted to eat fries and not her chicken strips but that was just contrariness.
I had a delicious shrimp wrap last time I was there. And the pancakes at the next table looked delicious. The fried shrimp that my niece had were tasty too. 
The staff is good to great and the environs are pretty amazing since they look pretty much like it always has to me...and that's pretty impressive considering the damage in 2005. 
After you finish your brunch/breakfast/lunch (but no dinner in post-K world), take a drive along the lakefront.My daughter suggested this spot and I figured why not?  We haven't ever been there before and after reading some of the reviews here, I thought it couldn't be that bad...boy was I wrong...
We walked in and it is unseasonably hot here in New Orleans right now and were so looking forward to nice cool air conditioning in the restaurant, that was not the case.   We were initially sat on the right hand side of the restaurant but quickly moved to the left as it was slightly cooler and there was a ceiling fan over us.  I almost didn't want to stay due to how warm it was, but it was getting late and I didn't have another option in mind, so onward and upward....
We ordered drinks, coffee for her and iced tea for me.  I like a LITTLE sugar in my tea, so I usually get it half and half, mostly un-sweet.  I'm glad the tea was cut, otherwise I might have gone into a diabetic coma on the spot, egads it was sweet.  The waitress went and fixed me another one, and put only a splash of sweet in it that time (I saw her make it) and damn, it was still sweet, but it was a LOT better.  I stayed with that...It is customary for us when we try a new place to do a whole taste, from appetizer to entrée to dessert.  We ordered the fried green tomatoes as an appetizer and they were yummy!  I thought, SCORE we're in for a real treat.  I am allergic to honey so be forewarned, their remoulade sauce contains honey and I asked for some ranch for mine to dip.  Their ranch is absolutely divine, and the perfect complement to the fried green tomatoes.
I ordered spaghetti and meatball - yes only ONE meatball and the meatball tasted strangely like ground up cat food - the kiddo's take on it, mine, it was just YUCKY.  I sent the whole thing back and did not order anything else, I was afraid at this point because my daughter who had ordered some sort of egg white omelet was seriously unimpressed with her food as well, since it was loaded with mushrooms, I believed her, because I would not taste it.  She choked down about a quarter of the omelet, took the rest to go (which ended up in the trash bin before we even got home) and we put our reservations aside and ordered the lemon ice box pie for dessert.  I don't know what we were thinking, thought it might be good, alas, it was not.  The pie was barely cold and the taste was very off putting and it was topped with some kind of meringue, reminiscent of marshmallow fluff, and not egg whites.  Our waitress took away the one piece and brought us another, but the second piece was just as bad as the first and we just had her take that one away too.
While the manager did remove the spaghetti and the pie from our bill, and our server was gracious, the food will prevent us from ever returning.  The sole star in my review was for the fried green tomatoes, as they were fantastic, it's sad the rest of our experience wasn't as stellar.At this point I don't even care what the food might taste like if I am lucky enough to get some. I've waited forever for my drink and a really long time and I'm still waiting for food. The service makes a place with slow service seem really good. To top it all off my table has yet to be wiped clean from the last group.Don't expect to get seated right away, but expect a damn fine meal.Russel's is my go to breakfast place. It's busy, bustling and noisy on any given weekend morning.  It's a real neighborhood joint.
They have so many delicious breakfast selections, that it's hard to choose.  When I decide to behave myself, I have the vegetarian omelet.  It's so tasty that I don't feel like I'm missing out.  Cheese, spinach, bell pepper and onion, served with a flavorful red sauce.  
But......when I'm prepared to consume all of my calories before 9:00 a.m. I go for the Eggs Pontchartrain.  It's amazing! A creamy, rich, poached egg atop a fluffy English muffin, sweet, crispy bacon, a fried green tomato and smothered in hollandaise sauce.  It's is one of those dishes that are worthy of a diet ditch day.
My daughter always orders a chocolate chip waffle and luckily it's too big for her to finish.  I'm happy to help her clean her plate.  
I really love this place.I stopped here with my friends on our way to Florida after leaving New Orleans and I'm glad we did! It has the diner, mom and pop sort of feel. The prices are fantastic, you get a large amount of food with good service for a great price. I got the buttermilk pancakes and my friends got the waffles, omelettes, hash browns and eggs Benedict.I wanted to take a guest to the lake area so we met at Marina Grill. Our server was wonderful and our table comfortable. Their breakfast menu is one of my favorite. I wasn't particularly hungry so I got a breakfast appetizer of an andouille grits cake with a bechemel sauce. Divine. Sister had oatmeal with candied walnuts and dried cranberries. Others in our party ordered more standard fare. All food was good, coffee refilled promptly. Would have been a five star if it weren't for that little roach I saw on the wall.....yeah this place is awesome.    and has a bar as well.  a killer bloody mary they are known for, and even a breakfast served and priced with that bloody mary.
today we had eggs ponchartrain.    thats eggs benedict with english muffin, wilted spinach, fried oysters, and poached eggs and hollandaise with praline bacon sprinkles.
sweet potato beignets
oyster and artichoke soup
my man had a killer burger with everything on it.
wait staff super friendly, and quick on their feet.   very informative, and big smiles.   other staff who weren't even our waiter/waitress also very friendly and smiling.  this place just reeks of old skool new orleans.
highly recommend this one.THIS is the type of place I've been waiting for.  The best breakfast in NOLA.  
In a city drowning in "cajun/creole" influence, Russell's stands out. Located next to the beautiful marina, in an easy to find location. They have their share of Cajun/Creole items on the menu but the menu is unique.  This is one of the few places that have Belgium waffles -TRUE Belgium waffles.  They have eggs beni several ways. Over crab cakes, fried catfish, or fried green tomatoes and bacon. If you come after 10:30am, the lunch menu is also available. Several salads, burgers, and wraps.      
I went with the fried green tomatoes and bacon eggs beni. I requested poached medium and it was the most perfectly poached egg I have ever had!  That in itself is a feat at any restaurant. The bacon smoky and crisp.  The fried green tomato also amazingly crisp. The hollindaise light and creamy, not at all oily. I loved everything about this dish. The side of hashbrowns I could have done without. They were seasoned well but overcooked.  I saw some crispy (fried) homefries pass by me and was so dissapointed I didnt get those. Apparently you have to ask for "crispy hashbrowns", because I didnt see it on the menu.  The soup of the day was tomato basil. That too was delicous. I could have eaten a big bowl of that and half a sandwich and been in heaven. I tasted an omlete topped with their homemade chili. The chili is great. The side of grits... horrible. Just plain grits, no milk, cream, butter, or seasoning at all. If the sides were better it would be a solid 5 stars. 
Plates run $10-$13 which isnt cheap but I've paid that much at several other breakfast places and had horrible food.  My plate was worth every penny.  
Service was very fast.  With crowds of people waiting outside, we were told 20min wait. It was indeed 20 mins. We were seated, greated, and stuffed full in 30mins! With a house full of people, thats impressive.  I love that everything is made in house. No frozen products here.  So fresh and delicious. 
I will be back.Yummmmmm - olaaa! Really comforting seafood 
Service was poor but the cook is ON POINT !I've been several times on visits to New Orleans and every time been a great experience in both service and food quality.As a new resident of the New Orleans area, I have been trying new places here and there.
Recently after a Mardi Gras bender, I awoke at 2PM in search of a brunch. My date and I settled on Russell's due to its menu and price looking appealing, as well as being extremely close by.
After getting turned around by Siri, we made our way in and found a booth without any wait. After searching the menu for a minute we both settled on the House Special with a side of hash browns. The house special is 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, and a choice of bacon or sausage. The waitress was extremely helpful and made a half bacon/half sausage order work perfectly, as both were extremely good. The hash browns were actually what I would call breakfast potatoes, but they were well seasoned and tasty.
The pancakes were amazing. Huge cakes of amazing batter that I smothered in delicious house syrup. I can't get enough of these pancakes! I would love to try the sweet potato pancakes but it will be hard to deviate from such a tried and true formula.
Also on my to-do list is the Eggsaints's #33, which looked absolutely to die for at the table next to us.
Will return, and the sooner the better! Bottom line: GET THE PANCAKESStood around for 30 minutes waiting for a table. When I checked where we were at on the list they had skipped us. Guess it is pretty complicated to call names off a list.I got the French toast with fruit and cinnamon it is seriously so much food I ended up taking half home but it was really good. Portions are huge and food is always greatEat breakfast here every Friday.   Best eggs Benedict in town.  Enjoy the atmosphere of fifties diner.This restaurant is outdated in a bad way. Dusty plastic plants as decor as well as other hideous features. The food is pretty bad. I think McDonalds has a better product. The hash browns are like mushy mashed potatoes, & its down hill from there. Also there is nothing cheap about it. There are dozens of other breakfast joints in nola that knock the socks off this place. I had the famous sweet potato pancakes. So gross, had a few bites & abandoned the rest. Also their parking lot is a nasty cess pool of dirty mop water & grease traps being cleaned. Horrible!!!!!!After my initial poor review, my husband and I decided to go for breakfast. We had a delicious meal. He had French toast and I had the chicken fried steak. We shared fried pickles. The place was packed beyond belief, but we still got checked on frequently by our waitress. The food did not take too long to come out. We would definitely come back for breakfast, and may even give dinner another try as well.I've never been here before. Met friends for lunch. A bit of a wait but if you're fine with sitting on the patio, there is no wait. Bottomless mimosas and bloody marys were a plus , not to mention the great food and service.The food here is decent/good BUT don't order delivery. They don't listen to any of the comments (dressing on side... yeah no). They give you 0 utensils with your order. They also delivered it with a soup that spilled :(Russell's is unassuming from the outside, but inside, the food and service is excellent.  The menu had breakfast, lunch and dinner options. Gumbo was very good, and the orange juice was really fresh squeezed.  Eggs Benedict was made just right. Waffle with sugar and cinnamon was very good. The healthy breakfast platter had scrambled eggs whites, grilled chicken and pancakes with blueberries and pecans. 
Service was very attentive and fast.  
Great place!Russell's has always been a local favorite as long as I can remember.  Good breakfast at a fair price and never disappointed until lately.  It seems times have changed and so have the prices.  
But where I draw the line is roaches sharing the table with you while you eat.  Recently went in for breakfast with my family only to have an uninvited large cockroach join us at the table. And as my wife screamed in disbelief and fled the table the waitress response was only to grab it with a napkin and just apologize. To top it all off we were virtually ignored afterwards and handed the bill.  What a disgrace. The least the could do was move us to another table and or discount our breakfast.  But we heard from no one from management and only I'm sorry. How gross and disgusting to think what the kitchen is like. We will never be back. Eat at your own risk.I wasn't given enough word space on the photo I added to adequately express my feelings about this restaurant. Let me recap. This is the most turnt breakfast I've ever been to. Meatballs in the morning? You got it. Waffles with those meatballs? In a heartbeat. Mimosa with no Oj? Done. Mimosa with no champagne? *laughs**dabs* done. Come eat here. Even if there's a wait. *dabs* *comes up for air* *dabs again*Delicious brunch food, gorgeous outdoor seating, and wonderful waitstaff! We sat outside with a beautiful view, and although our meal wasn't coursed exactly on time, the whole thing was fairly prompt considering how busy they were, and the waitress knew how to handle us and the cook times well. Absolutely will come back! I recommend a fresh mimosa and the Eggs Ponchartrain! Not to mention a successful credit card roulette!I too used to enjoy this place but the last few times we have taken out of town guest to, I was really disappointed.  Today I brought my mother and my two sisters.  They ordered the pancakes and eggs which they said were good (but how can you mess that up, right)  I ordered egg's benedict and it really had no seasoning on the dish.  My mother ordered crab cakes and they were not lump crabmeat but made with shredded crab, breaded and were fried (almost burnt) and had no real flavor.  The drinks were subpar as well.  The mimosa was mostly orange juice in a juice glass and the bloody mary's were not flavorful and really couldn't tell if they had much alcohol in them at all.  
For these reason's I think I will be trying a new breakfast/brunch.Great, honest diner experience. Very tasty food for a good price. Extremely friendly staff. We grabbed seats at the bar but there would have been a 25 minute wait for at table for 2 at 10.30 on a Sunday morning. Famous for bloody Mary's but we were driving. No space in the carpark but managed to dump it somewhere close like everyone else.I unknowingly stepped into a brunch jackpot!!! The prices are fair, the food quality is excellent and the service is terrific! It doesn't look like much on the outside. Hell...it doesn't look like much on the inside either....but man this place really surprised me and I'm rarely impressed when it comes to brunch in New Orleans. I had the eggs lafitte and my boyfriend had the eggs #33. Both were amazing and we shared back and forth. If your at ALL a Bloody Mary fan...you must have it here. It's loaded with spice which is how I prefer them. Whatever the romoulade sauce is that they drape over their eggs is amazing! I'm still dreaming about it at night... 
My only complaint is that this place closes at 3pm on most days during the week. I would frequent it more often if it had later hours. However, I went there on a yelp-recommended whim while I was in the area and it was 2:40 p.m. on a Sunday when I walked through the door (20 minutes before they were due to close)....but nevertheless they sat us and told us to take our time with our meal. Very friendly! They never made us feel rushed even when they were "technically closed" and we were stilling in the process of finishing up and closing out our tab.
It may look like a little hole in the wall "mom and pop" atmosphere diner at first glance, but give this place a try if you are at all a lover of brunch and a good spicy Bloody Mary. The same brunch menu and large portions will cost you at least double the price anywhere else in this city. I plan on coming back and trying out more of their brunch menu options.
P.S.- They do more than just brunch! Their poboys look great also :-)YUM ! I love this place!! The fried green tomatoes eggs Benedict are SO good! And the shrimp and grits!! It's very low key, atmosphere is laid back diner type feel. It is slightly overpriced but just so good I don't care!Tip: They have one of the best salmon salads that I've ever eaten! 
The place is always busy. There is always a wait. 
The service is always great though! 
I love their breakfast menu. I recommend the eggs Gentilly.  It's two poached eggs with hollandaise sauce, crumbled bacon and fried oysters. Amazingly tasty!I'm a fan. Russel's is great for a breakfast or lunch spot.  I have been going here for years and I usually get the Special breakfast (2 eggs, 2 pancakes, 2 strips of bacon) for $6.99.  I can actually split this with someone else it is such a huge breakfast and they even serve it on separate plates for you.  The pancakes are HUGE consider yourself warned.  If you get orange juice here take note it is fresh squeezed, no sugary concentrate here, so it may throw you off a bit.  Service is always fast, and courteous. Even of there is a wait you will get sat quickly. The food is always hot and fresh and made to order. Their hashbrowns are yummy garlicy potatoes which I highly recommend.  You can't go wrong at russell'sStopped here because I was playing golf in City Park and I figured with a name like "Russell's Marina Grill", that it would be in the marina, on the water... NOPE. Oh well, the food was still very very good. It was the typical run-of-the-mill diner food,  but with a little extra local Nawlins' flair.Great fast service and food was made with quality and time. Being a pilot i travel a lot and needed a good meal all I have to go off of is locals recommendations which in this case paid off. Shrimp and grits is my favorite and I will come back!Great ! Love getting brunch and lunch here -- the lunch specials are a steal! You get a dessert with your meal! And their lemon pie is amazing! Staff is always helpful; It's a great place for families.Stopped in for a little Valentine's Day breakfast with my boyfriend and our waiter was Justin! BEST service we've ever experienced ANYWHERE! Justin was knowledgeable about menu items and suggested a grit cake as my side (which I've never tried) and am officially a fan of! He got our food out quickly and correctly and his personality was very friendly! We enjoyed our breakfast tremendously and would suggest Russels Marina Grill as well as our new friend JUSTIN To anyone and everyone! Thanks Justin!Been visiting the Marina Grill since the original owner back in....I think the 1980's.  Always been and hopefully always will be my all time FAVORITE breakfast place ever!  The only negative about the breakfast is the grits.  Only City Diner has worse grits.  
Everything I have tried on the menu is above average food, large portions, fair prices, and overall good value for the money.  
So happy they decided to open for dinner Thursday through Saturday.  I missed the old days pre Katrina when Russell's was open late. It was a favorite spot after a night out.  Slowly the night hours have returned! 
The menu has much to choose from, the wait staff are better than most upscale restaurants.  The atmostphere is friendly, and  many of the customers are "regulars" at this establishment.
They could do a better job on cleanliness, but I assume the restaurant stays so busy it is difficult to keep up with the cleaning.  
Absolutely I  recommend this restaurant to others.We ate breakfast here and it was so delicious! I got the Shrimp Omelet with that Monica sauce! Yummmmmyyyy! Very family local restaurant! Seating can be a bit tight, but it's business and got make room to sit down to have customer eating. It doesn't ruin the experience but something I remember initially sitting down.Girly and I went to the marina to look at a boat to buy (don't ask). We got hungry and stopped at Wasabi. Decided seafood twice in two days wasn't a good idea so crossed the street to Russell's.
 It's really a family type place and is NOT the place to go if you want a quiet meal. Even with all the construction going on outside (redoing the levy wall for the 5th time-Got to love state contractors) it was still louder inside.
We ordered one of their versions of a blooming onion (Soggy in places. Not too bad) and green fried tomatoes (Not too bad).
Girly got the fried chicken fingers (A little  dry but good flavor).
I got the chicken fried steak (oddest version I've ever had.). It was sort of like...er..a thin beaten piece of roast beef. Tasty, but odd. The batter was crispy and nicely spiced. All in all it would probably be a winner. An odd winner, but a winner. 
The only thing I can say bad about it was the gravy. weet like Dessert Gravy (Mmmm..dessert gravy).
The waitress (Who seriously looked like Anna Gasteyer from SNL) said it was rosemary, but I know rosemary.
That was SUGAR, Sweety. Now do that Sweaty Balls skit from the show, please???
[EDIT]
Almost forgot. Do NOT order the peas with your dish. I love peas..but what they brought out made English Mushy peas that have been left out for three days seem like caviar.
Final verdict, it's not too bad. Not dangerous. Just hope nothing worse than sugar and salt gets confused in that kitchen.Greatest. Breakfast. Ever. Hands down. 
My only complaint is the line gets so long if you don't time it right -- but it's worth the wait. (Lunch menu is great too!)Big Portions and great food. Definitely my preferred Sunday breakfast destination. Haven't really been there besides for breakfast thoughThis is a very popular eating spot at the Lakefront and its a kicked up gourmet diner with typical staples and strong NOLA influences.  Lots of people like breakfast here but I'm not a big breakfast person and I prefer their sandwiches and entrees.  They have a nice selection of seafood options here and very good burger.  They make their own desserts and have some seriously good pies.  The biggest issue here is typically getting in as it seems to be crowded most of the time as this restaurant has a perfect combination of good food with a great spot on the lake.  Overall most of the food here is a good value for the amount and quality of food you get.Russell'sis old New Orleans at it's best.... The food is really good, not froo-froo food that you have to mortgage the house to pay for & then you are still hungry when you leave! Not at Russell's! You have to try "Eggs to the 9th" ... so very decadent ... two crab cakes full of crab-meat (not breadcrumbs) topped with eggs, sauce, crab & shrimp & a side.  If you want quiet or quick service don't go to Russell's on Sunday; there's a line .. but, people in the line talk to each other & if you're from out of town & have any ?'s somebody'll answer them ...
if you want old New Orleans at it's absolute best ... I'll see you Sunday morning at Russell'sAfter hearing so many good things about this place, we decided to give it a go. Overall our food was decent, but we weren't highly impressed. I ordered the sweet potato pancakes with eggs, bacon and grits. The pancakes were decent but didn't knock me off my feet. The grits were good though. My husband ordered the "eggs 9" which were two poached eggs on top of crab cakes in a hollandaise sauce. The crab cakes were terrible. They tasted like crab mush and the hollandaise sauce was absolutely terrible and drowned everything on the plate. We both agreed we would like to give this place another go, but just try something different this time.This was our first stop after traveling 16 hours from pittsburgh and we were not disappointed.  Crab cake benedict was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had.  Bloody Mary's were also amazing.  This will definitely be a place we will return to.Can't go wrong at Russell's Marina Grill for a decent breakfast and good service. It's a little loud on the weekends and you'll have to wait a bit but they get you in and out pretty efficiently, the food is good, fresh and decent size servings, prices are fair and the wait staff is friendly.The food here was amazing! No surprise, it's amazing every time I come! In the past, I've had delicious sweet potato pancakes that were out of this world. This time, I had the eggs benedict. The eggs were poached perfectly, there was actually runny yolk in the center and were not overcooked like the last few places I've had this dish! 
One of my family members had the catfish almondine with creamed spinach, corn casserole and a corn muffin. I had a taste and it was so delicious. We also got an order of onion rings for the table, they were crisp and no trace of grease.
I really enjoyed the meal. This is going to be put in my regular rotation!I'm a big fan of breakfast foods and this place had a wide variety of breakfasts to choose from. I ordered a cheese omelet with a biscuit and hash browns and a pancake. It seemed pretty crowded when we got there, but they took us within minutes! 
The service was super-friendly and everything came out pretty quickly. People I was with got the chicken and waffles which I thought was ok. The waffle was delicious, but the chicken fingers just tasted average. They did come with a maple dipping sauce, but I didn't try that.
Price was about average to a little above average for a diner-esqe place-- 71 dollars for 4 people.Great service but the food is just okay except for the alligator sausage. I've eaten here many times and the potatoes always suck. I'd rather cook breakfast at home.This is the best little brunch spot! Located in Lakeview it has a big parking lot which is super convenient, great service, and excellent food. I often take people here after I pick them up from the airport as its a short detour on the way back into the city. 
My favorite thing to get is the "Eggs Lafitte", Eggplant rounds, fried green tomato, and a poached egg topped with lump crab meat...if you aren't already drooling, check out this pic. Ordering it with an ice cold glass bottle of Barq's sends it over the edge.OMG French Toast!!  It's not the best french toast I've had but this is one of my friend's favorite places so if I'm going to go I have to get the french toast.  Someone posted a pic on here of them and the small cup of hash browns I also have to order.  I emphasize small.  If I'm coming here it means we were out late last night... I'm going to need about 3 of those sides to satisfy that craving.  
It always seems crazy busy but it never seems to take more than 10 minutes to get seated.  This isn't the place to go for a long drawn out breakfast.  You come in, scarf, and get out.  Take it for what it is.Eggs Benedict with crispy French Fries & a Bloody Mary.I honestly didn't enjoy the atmosphere. Im not into the whole race card thing. If I walk in an restaurant I don't care what your race is, if the food is good & vibe is right I will be back. When I walked in one morning, the employees were looking at my friend and I like we were in the wrong place. They sat us to the right side of the door away from other people. Yes, they did have people in the restaurant on the left which were white people. As we sat and ate they watched us as if we were going to run out. I don't even want to give them 1 star. I have a waffle & my friend have shrimp and grits. The cooks were black but the other employees were white. Color does not bother me until you disrespect me. There I felt very disrespected and disappointed. I WILL NOT BE RETURNING!The food is always on point! Had their amazing crab cakes with poached eggs. 
Service is excellent.This place was awesome!
I expected wait based on the reviews but we were actually seated right away which was nice. 
The waitress was super friendly, food took a little longer than I would have liked but it was so good that I forgot about that after I ate
We will definitely be adding this into our rotation of brunch spotsGreat place for breakfast!  They have everything from normal breakfast foods to Bananas Foster...  Yes, ice cream for breakfast.  They serve breakfast alcohols - bloody mary, mimosa, etc. Definitely worth a drive to the lake and you can always spend the day on Lakeshore Dr. afterward!
There are some tables outside but the view is of condos...We LOVE Russell's! Egg's 9th, Egg #33, Waffles West End(chicken and waffles), Jumbo shrimp and grits(breakfast side of the menu), Rody pankcakes, you seriously can't go wrong. The patio is nice. Fresh orange juice, good Bloody Marys(I love the pickled okra they put with it), fresh Lemonade. We go to Russell's a couple times a month. Food Coma central.We showed up at 2:58 and were welcomed in (they close at 3) got excellent service and food. Bloody Mary best in town. My companion loved the bottomless mimosas with fresh squeezed orange juice. Only down side was they were out of grits, but we subbed biscuits and they were great. I do wish they'd serve real butter and jelly that wasn't full of high fructose corn syrupWe had a great time here. Yes, it's busy. Yes, it's noisy. But the food was wonderful and the service was too. I had the House Special, and apparently they have pet condors, because the eggs were massive. The pancakes were light, and slightly crispy for a great mixture of taste and texture. My son got the country fried steak, which came with TWO steaks. Even he couldn't finish the entire thing. One daughter got the seafood platter, and everything on it was good. (SHE didn't like the crab cake, so Dad took it, and it was wonderfully done.) My sister-in-law got a massive bowl of shrimp and grits with two poached eggs, and couldn't begin to finish it off. Definitely somewhere to visit again!Marina Grill is refreshingly always the same. Russell's has some of the best bloody Mary's in the city and really good food. They recently redid the patio and it is lovely outdoor area. I highly recommend the chicken and waffles as that is my go to dish. Everything I've eaten there has been pretty good.I really wanted to give a better review due to my past history with this place, but I just couldn't. I used to come here after every Crescent City Classic to celebrate the end of lent and gorge on food.
Anyway, decided to try the place out for breakfast without having to run 6 miles first. We were seated right away but just took a while longer than usual for service. The coffee was pretty good, but I just did not find the food to be that overwhelming. I had your standard fare breakfast items, they were serviceable, which means it fed me. Maybe I was looking for something more than I ordered, but it is what it is. 
I hope to come back sometime soon, I am not ready to give up on this place just yet.One word...Biscuits! Holy cow! There's are seriously amazing! Cute little spot with a full bar. Service was a bit slow but it was a weekend breakfast rush.My husband and I went here for the first time recently after hearing rave reviews about the breakfast food. I knew it was near the marina so one of the things I was hoping for was a water view, but it is on the backside of the marina. Although I will say, the prices here are a lot more fair than the places right on the water. The place has a cute feel to it, kind of like a diner. I had the vegetarian wrap and my husband had the chicken and waffles. I should have went with breakfast food because I mistakenly didn't read the full description of my dish and the dressing was a vinegarette which I'm not a fan of, and although prepared well it wasn't my favorite. My husband loved the chicken and waffles, and it had this awesome spicey sweet syrup you could put on it as well as regular syrup. I tried it and it was really good. You get a really good serving size for the price. Each meal on the menu was around $15, some a little more some a little less. All in all, I would definitely come back and next time I will go with a breakfast dish.What a classic! It's a touch out of the way, so it doesn't get hit with your typical NOLA tourist crowd (phew!)
Russell's strikes the perfect balance classic breakfast, lunch and New Orleans classics. I'm a BR-uncher (emphasis on the eggs) and Russell's doesn't disappoint - I mean, there are nearly a dozen BENEDICT varietals alone!
My favorite is runs (or rides) on the lakefront followed by brunch with friends. It's casual enough that no one will mind if you come in a bit sweaty :-) There may be a slight wait on the weekends, but I promise, it's worth it!A big group of us (25) get breakfast after our very early Saturday morning run. They are always able to accommodate us and fit us in our usual spot by the bar. We always have the same waitress and she somehow remembers all of our orders without writing any of it down and knows what we regularly order; pretty impressive. I love their freshly squeezed orange and grapefruit juice. Their biscuits are amazing too.This was a neat little restaurant on the lake that we just happened to stumble upon for lunch.
We stopped in, and although it was lunch time, the place wasn't packed at all and we were immediately seated in the "Al Hirt" booth (apparently Al was a regular at this place, so he gets his own booth complete with plaque!).
Everything looked amazing, but I decided on the catfish amadine which came with corn bread, corn grits and creamed spinach. It was amazing! The fish was fried to a nice crispy brown, the spinach was delicious and the corn grits were buttery and full of flavor. I could have probably eaten another serving of them!
Our waitress was extremely nice and friendly and made sure that we had everything that we needed. I would definitely return.So small.  So cramped.  So good!  Usually a line to get in and you wont wonder why once you eat.  Fresh squeezed OJ.  Pancakes, sausage, Hollandaise, everything is always perfect.  When we are in town we do not miss this place at least once for breakfast.  I've never been here for anything besides breakfast and I don't even know if they do anything else to be honest.  Love this place and it shouldn't be missed.Friendly staff and very attentive. Full menu served all day. Had the catfish almandine and a onion mum as an appetizer. Onion mum is for at least 4 ppl. I'm a big dude and enjoy onion rings and this was hard to split between 2 ppl. Catfish was fried perfectly but was slightly over seasoned; sides were all great except the boudin cakes, those were unfortunately, pretty bland :( Great atmosphere with and good looking covered patio. Plenty of seating and table turnover is extremely fast. This may be a spot that excels in breakfast/brunch. Will update review if I come back to try those types of dishesLive near Lakeview?  Partied too much last night?  Well then, this is where you need to be once you're able to crawl out of bed.
After a night of too many slurricanes, we ended up here the following day for a much-needed hangover brunch.  "The Morning After" is exactly what you need....it's an omelette filled with sausage, ham, cheese, french fries, and I'm sure some other greasy goodness.  It comes with a choice of bread and side....and a BLOODY MARY.  Doesn't get much better than that.  I can't wait to go back!!I haven't been here in ages. I remember vaguely coming here as a young wide eyed optimistic 20 something year old....
Today I made the voyage back here for breakfast, which funny enough in all of my previous visits, I'd never experienced. Holy hell is their breakfast menu great. It's cheap, it's robust, and the service staff are just as nice and helpful as can be.
My biggest gripe about this spot (which is part of the reason I stayed away so long) is the terrible parking situation. if you aren't lucky enough to find a spot in the "lot" then you are screwed.It was my first time here and as soon as I walked in the door, the staff was extremely friendly! The restaurant is very laid back and could be missed if you're not familiar with the area. There's limited parking but it is in a low-key area; there's not too many people here but judging by how everything is set up, you can tell that it is modeled and decorated in relation to an old fashioned restaurant. It reminds me of the 80s/90s. There's a mellow vibe in here that you wouldn't find in any old restaurant. Every piece of furniture, down to the kitchen area and bar isn't 2016, and that can be refreshing depending on your age.
Perhaps I'm a bit old fashioned but there is something comforting about being able to see the kitchen open. For uptight people that want to see what's happening in there or just want to be assured that their meal is being prepared without any foul play, this is the place for you!
The menu covers a wide range of food for the laid back soul. Don't come here expecting a steak and tossed garlic potatoes decorated with garnish sitting in the middle of the plate. Everything is straightforward and that is always something to appreciate. Did I mention that I was served a Barq's root beer in a bottle?
I ordered the simno's chicken sandwich with fries and oh my good, good-ness--- it was the bomb. The grilled chicken was lightly seasoned with a lemon garlic and butter sauce that the average tastebuds wouldn't pick up on. Dressed with lettuce, tomato, aioli, and a special cheese, this sandwich is a great choice for first-timers or those of us with a Keen taste for grilled chicken! The fries remind me of the Burger King fries of the 90s with just a hint of crunch for your teeth's delight! The portion sizes are great for your pocket so it's worth the wait and worth the experience. 5 stars for me!!! I will be coming again very soon!!Come here with the hubby all the time and have NEVER been disappointed.  Russells marina is a friendly down home spot with an inventive menu showcasing local ingredients.  It's right by the lake and the seafood options taste as if they were just caught!  Things we've tried include the veggie omlet (best veggie sauce ever) waffles west end (to die for) grit cakes (omg) and a number of the Benedicts all of which have been delicious!  If you're in the mood they have mimosas that are mixed with fresh squeezed oj, also have really fantastic ice coffee.  Our service is always fantastic but it's worth mentioning that our server Liz, who waited on is this morning was an absolute delight!  Looking forward to making it out to Russells to try their dinner menu sometime soon!SO so good. My love for Russell's breakfast will be eternal. Trust me on this one, the sweet potato pancakes will change your life. Everything about this little place makes my heart, and stomach, so happy.Russell's has changed and not changed very much in the few decades it has existed, but the "not changing" part is the awesome kind and what i'm going to talk about.
First.  The Onion Mumm.  Copeland's, Outback, plenty of people sell the whole fried colossal onion- but when done right, nobody tops Russell's original.  The menu of the fake Aussie steakhouse used to even denote its origin.  The first is still the best, and the proof is that this is the only place that makes them where you will actually see folk ordering then WITH BREAKFAST.  nuff said?
Second, the breakfast.  For years and years Russell's was the fore-runner in the classic american diner breakfast.  All the meats and bread options you could want, fresh home-made everything (including biscuits and muffins!!!)  It has competition now, thank god (sorry Pavlos), but still you cannot find a longer (or faster moving) line for a sit down honest to god (free and constant) coffee refilling fresh juice serving eggwhite and pork chop available inside or outside morning victual plate anywhere in the city.  Most of the servers in the morning have been there for a decade or more, they usually know what you want before you do.
Third, Allen.  He's the older "busboy" type gentleman with the lazy eye usually seen on weekend mornings holding a pot of coffee and accepting dollar tips from old white people for no reason really other than he's awesome.  I worked here many years ago (actually i'm proud to claim to be the first long-haired bearded waiter ever allowed.  Yep,  i'm a big deal), and every time i came in contact with this service hero, even to this day, it is a gospel of so many things New Orleans, but mostly it's because his smile is like the magic of why Russell's still stands now- reflective and ambitious as the new New Orleans, but constant and reliably comfortable is the old one too.  This was the first restaurant to open in Lakeview after Katrina.  it stood alone for a minute.
Pointers that will always be, as long as Russell's does:  blueberry muffins are excellent.  Pavlos' Special breakfast is gangsta.  Any entree with a name on it is golden (my alltime fave is the Chicken Alexis, which may not be on the menu but if you ask they will make it).  The specials menu should not be ignored.  Salad dressings (and almost anything else) is made in-house.  Some of the kitchen staff may have been to prison recently (this is a good thing).  Fried chicken takes a minute, but eat a mum and wait.  Worth it.  KIds are welcome.I have been coming to Russell's since I was a kid. It is one of the places I really miss since moving to the northshore. I have tried to go several times wen I was in the area, but it was always closed or super crowded.
I decided that this is where I wanted to go for father's day since I first went here with my father and the place has very fond memories.
When we arrived the place was packed so we put our name on the list and grabbed a seat outside. The weather wasn't too hot and we only had to wait about 15 minutes. 
Once inside we ordered the required onion mumm. According to Russell's they invented it. I don't know if that is true, but it has always been my favorite version. Their version of remoulade in the middle of the onion is amazing. The mumm and sauce were just as good as I remembered them.
For main course I was left with a dilemma. I have always ordered seafood at Russell's and it is always amazing. I had never ordered their breakfast and didn't know if I should go for the old stand by or try something new.
I decided to go for their special omelet. It was loaded with onions, peppers and mushrooms and topped by chili and salsa. It was a huge omelet and came with hash browns and a biscuit. The chili was good, but didn't seem to add anything to the omelet. The hash browns were more like sauteed potatoes, but were very good. The biscuit was huge like the other items and was flaky and obviously homemade.
For father's day this place was packed. The service wasn't perfect because it was so busy. The omelet was good, but not the best I've had. With all of these little things how is it that Russell's earned five stars? This place has not changed since I was a kid. They have been consistently putting out great food my whole life. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
If you haven't been to Russell's in a while, or if you haven't ever been, you should try it out. You wont be disappointed.Fantastic bloody mary.  The crab cake/poached eggs breakfast was the best I've ever had.  Best breakfast that is.Very good place for breakfast and lunch! The pastalaya was surprisingly great and the breakfast is always amazing. Definitely go there! Great food and amazing atmosphere!My husband and I were looking for a breakfast spot one Sunday morning and stumbled upon Russell's Marina.  It was delicious and quick!  I wouldn't go here if you are looking for a place to spend a relaxing Sunday brunch, but if you are looking for something quick and good, this is the spot! Plus they serve breakfast all day, which is always a plus!
I got the chicken fried steak which was enough for 2 meals and my husband got 2 eggs over easy with the chicken fried steak and homemade sausage gravy.  You couldn't beat the amount of food we got for the price! 
I will definitely be visiting again and next time trying the onion mumm that they are known for!Food is solid and a decent variety. Always something good and breakfast all hours.
But the real kicker for this place is they are accommodating to young kids. With 3yo twins they always get their order early and get the food out fast for them. Wait staff really seems to go out if their way for you and everyone is very friendly and accommodating.Best basic breakfast in the city. Pancakes, crispy bacon, eggs, omelets, biscuits, fresh squeezed OJ etc
If you're in the mood for a breakfast like grandma used to make in a comfortable setting like dinners up east, come here.I love breakfast there. It's a busy  crowded place on Sunday morning. But the waitresses are very helpful & friendly. The food is delicious, especially the Bananas Foster's French Toast. It's Absolutely scrumptious. ( I used to order it. But now I'm not able to because I Need to eat Gluten-Free.) I wish they had a gluten-free version. I would absolutely get it!  Also Mr. Al or "Big Al", (Their Bloody Mary drink is named after him.) is a icon at the restaurant. He always greets everyone, especially the regulars, with a warm friendly 'Hello' & smile. He keeps us well supplied with coffee & is always there to help. He is also one of the reasons why we like going there.Good breakfast. Andouille sausage and grit cake was a unique side, perfect biscuit, great chicory coffee.New Lakeview favorite! Excellent from start to finish, and unusually fast. OJ was fresh squeezed, sweet potato fries were done to perfection, great Greek omelet- even the toast was really good, which you never see. Incredibly busy and they still hit it out of the park. We had a direct view to the kitchen's window, and everything put up looked appetizing, fresh, beckoning. 100% positive exprience.Great food, great service and great bloody Mary's!  Definitely enjoyed the sweet potato beignets and the French toast.  This will be in my brunch rotation!This place should have a huge banner across the front entrance warning customers that eating here may cause them to have tastegasms.  Sometimes, even the exhausting multiple variety are induced. 
There's really no words to describe their otherworldly variations on eggs benedict (probably my all time favorite food) - they have it over crab cakes, over fried green tomatoes, over fried catfish; if it has been imagined and if it may be improved with runny warm golden egg yolk, it is happening here.  Te only improvement possible would be a "yes please," combining all in one (I may watch man v. food & diners drive ins and dives a little too often).
They have sweet potato pancakes.  And that is all I have to say about that.  Holy sweet little baby Jeebus.  Sweet potato pancakes? One can see why people go here instead of church every Sunday morning (driving through the parking traffic makes me late to church often enough.  yeah, that's why I'm late...).
The bloody marys are pretty pricey but oh so yum - complete with the nola  holy trinity of pickled okra, green beans, and olives.  If you aren't into the hair of teh dog, try the orange juice - fresh squeezed and sure to give you a legit When-Harry-Met-Sally Moment. Oh, baby.
Go here and go often.  Life is too short not to.I wanted to update my review.  I finally went back to Russell's Marina a couple months ago and gave them another shot.  Both I and my boyfriend were extremely impressed!  The food was absolutely delicious and included very decent portions for the price, and the service was spot on.  We both thoroughly enjoyed all the plates we ordered.  If I still lived in New Orleans, this would be my regular breakfast/brunch spot without a doubt.  And while you're there, get their fresh squeezed juice!!!  Yum!A local breakfast, decently priced and out of the busy-ness of downtown. Parking is tight, but you can find a bit more behind the building. 
I had the House Special Breakfast with Multi-Grain pancakes. Our table shared an order of the sweet potato beignets--they were OK, but a little dense if you ask me. The rest of our family ordered: Chicken and Waffles, Eggs Benedict, Omelette w/tomato and avocado. The avocado looked unappetizing to say the least. The tomato was the saddest we had ever seen and my cousin had ordered a double order of tomatoes--there was probably one half in her whole omelette. 
This place filled the void, but not much to write home about.No joke, my favorite meal in town is from here! Eggs Ponchatrain. Everything is great here, service, food, drinks, environment.This is a must for me when I visit home. It was a must when I lived at home. It's one of the city's little gems. My ultimate fave breakfast spot. AND I highly recommend the gumbo, which is usually a big no-no for me at restaurants. I know..I know.. A cup of gumbo to go with your omelette..only in NolaIn a city of fantastic brunch restaurants, Russell's is one of the best. It competes strongly in terms of food quality, but the area where it really shines is value. You aren't going to find food this good for portions as large as these for a price as low as this. I would wonder how this place makes money, but they certainly know how to pack it in, especially on Sunday mornings. You are liable to wait upwards of an hour to get a seat if you come Sunday, but trust me the wait is worth it. Make sure you try the Eggs Lafitte, Eggs 9th, and some of their delicious freshly squeezed orange juice.Open 7 to 3 daily. 
Wonderful cafe food. Great breakfasts and lunch. And absolutely incredible service. Worth studying :-). They know what they're doing!
It's a joy to eat at this place.I ordered an entree on the menu named "Jumbo BBQ Shrimp". It said that it is served with grits. OK, I know that's not what is normally served with barbeque shrimp, but I thought it would be interesting to try - it seemed like it might work. For those of you not familiar with it, New Orleans style barbeque shrimp is made with a butter-based sauce. 
I was served shrimp and grits in a creamy sauce. When I asked our server why they called it barbeque shrimp she said that's what barbeque shrimp is at Russell's Marina Grill. She then asked the manager or owner (can't remember which) and he said the same. I'm not sure if he and our server know anything about New Orleans food or they were just lying. Everyone in our group said I was served what you get when you order "shrimp and grits".
The creamy sauce had what was either dried oregano or some other strong dried herb in it that overwhelmed everything else. I couldn't taste anything but that. It was awful. The shrimp were far from "Jumbo." No one else in the group was very impressed what they were served either. We will never go back.Quick and kid friendly. I had the pancakes and they were amazing. My husband ordered the poached eggs with fried green tomatoes with a hollandaise sauce. His was also great. We will definitely be back.I love the food here- especially the breakfast/brunch! The prices are a tad high, but you get what you pay for. The portions are big and the food is delicious and well prepared. The shrimp and grits is amazing- just ask for extra sauce! The benedicts are all good, it's hard to go wrong. Yummy!Ate here last sunday, excellent!!! Eggs Benedict, bloody mary best in town. Padner had crab cakes with mimosa - fresh squeezed juice.This place is amazing! There is such a homey vibe and our waitress, Randi, was great! I had the Eggs 9th and my fiancée had the berry banana and pecan French toast  we both had a side of hash browns. All of which were delicious! Glad we found this placeExcellent shrimp and grits with a poached egg. I will definitely be back to try other dishes.Always pleased with brunch here. Staff us always pleasant and attentive.  Our waiter, Norma Jean,  was exceptionally so. OJ is made on site and full of pulp, which I like. Coffee is very strong, another plus for me. Extensive selection of items to choose from.  My table had a healthy omelet with spinach and o th her vegetables,  a chocolate chip pancake,  an order of crab cakes with poached egg on top ( can't remember the dishes nsme), chicken and waffles,  and fried green tomatoes with poached eggs with a Monica sauce and crab meat atop. Alas, I cannot remember the name of th at dish either.  Each dish came with a choice of sides.
I often measure how successful a restaurant is by how well they serve poached eggs. Russells passed we it flying colors! The whites were firm while the yolk had a great yellow color and was runny. Perfect.
Great way to start the day.Had the catfish platter, onion mum & crab cakes. Mum is massive the fish was good & a large portion the crab cakes ok. The service was Friendly & food arrived fast. Overall good experienceI've lived here for two years and just discovered this place! I have been missing out. Great burger that rivals all the great ones in NOLA! It was very busy at noon on a Sunday, but the wait was shorter than expected and service was fast and friendly. There were so many things I wanted to try; I will have to go back!Jam packed for breakfast but seated fast!  Fast friendly service amazing food and Bloody Mary's.First off let me say, I rated this place based on what this place is(a diner), and my experience there.
I'm not comparing to other restaurants.
We got there Sat, Feb 28,2015. The place was jammed packed, but we maybe 5 minutes for a table. Staff was friendly from beginning to end.
I will be back to sample the rest of the menu.
One thing that caught my eye on their menu was their vast healthy options. Being considered a health nut by some when it comes to my eating habits on my day to day basis, this diner offers a whole section if their breakfast menu with lean options.
Today was not the case.
For now my only regret is not coming here sooner because Ive seen this place a trillion times.I have to update my review.  The prices have increased so it's not a great deal anymore likeit was.  Also, do NOT order crab cake eggs benedict.  Almost no crab at all in the crab cakes.  They used to really be crab cakes, now almost all bread.  No more bottomless mimosas or bloody marys either.  Service is still good and one of the best bloody marys in the city.Why don't they have regular coffee?  I like the food but I don't want breakfast without coffee and I don't like chicory, making it a not going back for me.Homemade biscuits were delish. Coffee was fairly fresh. Our omelets were 3 stars on a good day ... tasted like the skillet needed to be cleaned a month ago.These are the most delicious banana pancakes I have ever had in my life! They must be cooked in a special butter sauce to create the crispy outside but gooey inside. The bacon was cooked perfectly (fully cooked, my preference) but the scrambled eggs were so-so. The boys loved their eggs with chili. Plenty of food to share with everyone ordering an entree. 
Great atmosphere for a weekend brunch, had to wait 15 minutes but it was absolutely worth it. Not a bad item on the menu. Go to Russell's!My old stomping grounds. It's an honor to have been inducted into Russell's Marina Grill's Busboy Hall of Fame. I want to thank Pavlos, the myth, the man, the legend, and the Greek Cypriot owner. I want to thank Big Al for showing me the ropes, and taking me under his Master Busboy wing. I want to thank Ms. Pat over there in section 1 for whipping me into shape, and always keeping me on my toes. I might be a firefighter now, but I honestly feel like I've never done a better service to this city or this earth than when I was picking up plates of mostly eaten Eggs Benedict and bringing Splenda to aging soccer moms for their iced tea. I still hold the world record for least amount of glassware broken (0 plates, 0 glasses). I honestly don't know if this is true or not, so I'll just say it anyway ¯\_(ツ)_/¯... I met my wife here. I was bussing table 5 and locked eyes with this babe when I took her plate of what once was a "puh'con" waffle... I asked her father right there if I could take his daughter's hand in marriage. He said "can I speak to your manager". I was sent to the back to roll silverware as punishment, but later that day I met Lauren at table 18 (I was a player, what can I say? ) and the rest is history.They have the BEST chicken fried steak in the city! Not only is it perfectly fried, it has great flavor, and a good portion size..  the gravy is amazing! I always order extra to keep in my fridge!! Keep it up, Russell's. You're doing a fabulous job!My husband and I come here often. We love the healthier options on the menu. They have a nice outdoor patio so you can bring your furry friends!Big family of 6 and we all enjoyed the food and service.  Something for everyone at a good price.  Ponchatrain Benedict was amazing, BBQ shrimp and Sweet potato pancakes was money!  Highly recommend for brunchI am in town to visit our new grandson. My daughter suggested Russell's for a breakfast place. I am certainly glad that she did. I have to say that I had the absolute best breakfast I have ever eaten in my 56 years. I thoroughly enjoyed the "Eggs Gentilly" which consisted of a English Muffin, wilted spinach, poached eggs, topped with hollandaise sauce and pecan bacon crumbles. There are many many delicious choices on their menu. I high recommend this great place.
Bill RodeI can't believe it took so long to go here!  This place is like an institution, and it deserves it's reputation.  We waited about 20 minutes for brunch on a Saturday.  Not a lot of tables, there are a few more outside.  
Ordered a bloody mary (apparently they're famous?) which came in a signature plastic cup.  Good and spicy, lots of salad.  Breakfast is served all day and the bacon was fantastic.  One of the folks I was with ordered a hamburger, which she claimed to be under-cooked (I would've eaten it, but I like mine mooing.) They took it back and brought her a whole new burger!  Nice to have good customer service, especially at such a busy time. 
Another one of our party got a milkshake - it's served "old fashioned" style in the metal mixing cup.  Pretty cool!
Pretty affordable spot for brunch and has a good home-y feel.  Great customer service and well worth a wait on the weekends.Yummy. Alligator sausage. The eggs were perfect on the benedict. Feels like a local spot. Worth it!Perfect neighborhood diner. I always get the Eggs Pontchartrain (Eggs Benedict w fried green tomatoes) and the eggs are always perfectly poached. Service is quick, and you can linger at the counter as long as you like. Coffee is perfect and they'll happily give you a cup to go on your way out as well.Had a fantastic breakfast here. 2 poached eggs with fried oysters and spinach on top of an English muffin soaked in hollindaise sauce. Mimosas with fresh squeezed orange juice were great too. Reasonable pricing. So glad I found this quaint little place. Will be my new go-to place for breakfast or brunch. Went on a Tuesday morning and the place wasn't busy at all. Someone told me it's packed on weekends though.Wife and I had brunch there this morning. EXCELLENT. We both had their EggSaints #33 Benidict. IT WAS WONERFULL. Its a Biscuit with Tomato, Alligator Sausage, and poached egg covered in Country Sausage Gravy. We both raved over our meal. The Alligator Sausage was amazing. Most people overcook sausage till its dry. NOT this sausage it was moist, tender and full of flavor. The flavor of each of the individual parts of this benedict complemented all of the other parts to the point you wanted to scrap your plate clean with your spoon to ensure you left nothing for the dishwashers to clean off the plate. I suspect we'll be back here before we leave New Orleans for another plate of EggsSaint #33!
Our waiter was Matthew and he was wonderful and attentive.Great place for breakfast! Never had lunch here. They do everything so well I never know what to order: pancakes, French toast or simple bacon & eggs. They also do a good fruit plate when I have willpower. Wonderful coffee and good service. Professionally run restaurant.Walk on in to this diner of a joint and experience a blast from the past. Picture it... pleather booths that u sit on one side and sink a few feet down and be like DAMMM what 500 lb person sat here...after u pull yourself out of the hole ur like wow a rotating pie case!!! Ok time to order. Basic breakfast and lunch menu with MANY diner-esk food options. I went basic a grilled cheese and fries. The sandwich was supposed to come with tomato according to the menu which is did not. The avocado it came with was not ripe so that sort of sucked and the sandwich was only grilled on one side. So basically nothing too impressive with my experience. Overall it's one of those flashbacks to the old school diner and worth a visit if ur in the area and want some basic grub. Service was pleasant and efficient. It has a nice little patio and although near the water does not have a view.Really cozy place. The food was good and the service was above and beyond. Liz kept me laughing and was very genuine and sweet. The alligator sausage was a little chewy but it was my first time trying alligator so maybe that is its normal taste! Shrimp omelette was delicious. Glad I found this gem!Definitely a hidden gem! Great for a relaxed weekend dinner, and especially brunch. They serve you extremely generous portions too. I have been going to Russells since I was little, and I cannot ever remember having a bad meal there. 
My only complaint is that they are not open for dinner during the week.My last visit was highly disappointing. I've been here many, many times before and the food was always consistently good.. not so much today. This used to be my favorite breakfast spot when I came home but I suppose I must move on to better things. It's a sin to come to Nola and waste calories on sub-par cuisine when the city has so much to offer.Food good. But just a bit pricey especially seeing you get a teaspoonful of grits for $2Great place for breakfast. Have outside seating to accommodate our dog. The server was great as was the food. My wife had the French toast made with whole grain bread with bacon and berries $14.15. Small orange juice $2.99. I had eggs, ham, potatoes and toast $7.99 and a side of country gravy $1.59. A very busy place with limited parking but well worth stopping there.Visiting NOLA as we do every year.
We love to try different reastraunts. 
We ordered the Onion Mumm. It was so darn delicious!
Very friendly service.
Large portions!
We would go back on our next visit.We go to Russell's at least once or twice a week; we live within walking distance. They have a phenomenal wait staff and fairly quick service despite the extreme crowds that come here for breakfast and lunch. I loved the mimosas - they use fresh orange juice - and their Eggs 9th with the crab cake is freaking incredible I highly suggest it. My man always gets chocolate chip pancakes there and bacon with eggs, and he's a happy customer for sure. This place is definitely your dive diner, and it's got our heart!Amazing neighborhood restaurant! ; ) We always come here for breakfast - great food, lovely service and a friendly atmosphere. Always a great choice.I had the pleasure of stopping by here for breakfast to fill up before a long drive back to St. Louis. I have had many a sweet potato pancakes, and this place by far has the best I have ever had. Really fluffy and light with a hint of spice.
The group I was with all thoroughly enjoyed their meals - everything that came to the table looked fresh, homemade and tasted great (hello...fresh squeezed oj?? amazing!!). The service was excellent too - very attentive and friendly staff.
This place will be my go-to breakfast spot in NOLA.A staple of West End! Can't go wrong..healthy options for breakfast. Very nice atmosphere.The pancakes are good and huge. The potatoes however are always soggy and I prefer them crispy. The eggs are always cooked how I ask. The country fried steak I had once was not bad, but it wasn't great either. It didn't have much flavor to it and it didn't taste fresh. Not that it tasted old or bad. It just wasn't excellent. Thank you for taking my input into consideration. I will continue to dine at Russell's and hopefully I will have a better experience next time. I will specifically ask for my potatoes to be made crispy next time I go and perhaps that will make my dining experience better.I've heard so many great things about this place and yet I had the worst experience ever!! The service was awful here. We went in and were seated right away, so we thought that was a good start. Well that's where our good experience ended. We placed our order and kept seeing other orders going out except ours. Meanwhile my two year old is starting to get really restless. So we ask to see what the deal is...the server starts giving us excuses and how it's not her fault. So I ask for some fruit or something for my son. They immediately bring out his order and still nothing on the rest of our food. 15 minutes go by and my son is done eating, well our window to eat is over. So we ask about our food again and now it's been close to an hour. She checks again and says that the order went to another table. Said the manager would be over to apologize and nothing happened. We told them to cancel our order. The manager never came to apologize and nobody wanted to take responsibility for what happened. What a disappointment.Got chicken fried steak and eggs. Eggs were perfectly cooled over medium which is hard to find. Everything was really good. Only negative was chicken fried steak was slightly tough. Grits and biscuit were awesome. I'd highly recommend and will likely come back next time I have time to kill in NOLA.Picked this place for brunch last Sunday after reading the reviews. Everyone was right- Russell's was outstanding! DANG! The Marina area was really nice too.I used to love this place, but after the experience I had today I will no longer send anyone here.
My fiancé is a chef and we had a group of friends that were in town and asked us to take them to the best brunch in the city. 
We were so embarrassed because we had been here before and it was our best place to come, whereas today service was terrible, and our food was poorly made.
I have had the Pavlo's special here before and I had been craving those juicy pork chops, which today was not the case. Pork chops were dry and over salted. My fiancé' ordered the shrimp and grits, the sauce was too broken and it tasted as someone and loaded it with dried herbs, not to mention the small amount of shrimp for the huge amount of grits was disappointing. 
Being it was Sunday we were patient with the wait. At first I thought our server was just busy and because of that seemed rude, but then it all started. Our server took our drink order: "bottomless bloody Mary's?" Yes! Perfect!. She told us that if we drank more than 2 that it would be a better deal.
She then mocked our friends for being slow in their orders and told us she had so many options but couldn't be there all day for us to pick one. 
Once we were almost done eating, our server brought the bill that we didn't ask for. But it's ok, we thought it was routine. 
Can we have another round of bloody Mary's? No, because she had already brought the bill. "Those are the rules," she replied. Although we never asked for the bill. So we ended up having 2 bloody Mary's each. We could've had more throughout the meal, but no one came ask us for another one.
She brought a bill of $219 for 8 people, and never offered to split it for us at the beginning, so we started to write down the amounts to be charged in each card to make it easier for her. When she saw one of the guests doing the math, she said and I quote "you gotta make sure you add the tax and that it's the exact amount, otherwise it won't work, I mean, do you want me to split it for y'all?"
I think it would've been easier if the server had offered that option at the beginning, but we ended up just writing it down for her and made sure it was the exact amount.
She then continued to ask us if we were from different countries visiting or just students. At that point I realized she had noticed that no one was happy at the table and was probably just trying to save her tip by making small talk. I don't remember her name, I can't remember if she ever introduced herself but she did mentioned she was from Turkey.
My fiancé and I had to apologize to ours guests and promised them a better experience next time, but of course at a different restaurant.This is my go to brunch spot. Great bloody Mary's and mimosas. Eggs 9th is always delicious. I love that they keep adding new things on the menu. Keeps things interesting. Nice outdoor patio where you can bring a pet and the service is always great!My friends took me here for the first time last week for dinner.  I didn't know what to expect but I'm always up for a surprise.  As we walked in the waitress seated us promptly into a window booth.  I eagerly browsed the menu.  The variety was excellent so I had difficulty choosing my meal.  I finally decided on the Meatballs and Spaghetti and a side of Caesar salad.  The greens were fresh and the dressing was tasty.  After a short while my dinner arrived and I dug in,  The pasta was angel hair and cooked perfectly.  The best part was the two large homemade meatballs that came with it.  Boy it was great.  Definitely going back again.I've been here twice once with a large group and the service was good and the food was ok but I didn't get anything special. My kids and the rest of the group really enjoyed their food. So I decided to take my daughter when she came home from college here for breakfast. She had the chicken and waffles and I had just eggs and bacon and someone else got the banana fosters waffle (that will make you slap your mama) our waitress seemed distracted, and I think we only saw her 3 times the entire time we were there! The food was awesome and I recommend this place, and the only reason I have it four stars is because of the service. Oh yeah I forgot we got the alligator sausage! Sorry didn't take pictures of the food because we were hungry! LolAlways love going to Russell's Marina grille for breakfast! The vegetarian omelette is stuffed with fresh veggies and comes with a tasty sauce on top you have to try. Their bloody Mary's are also very good. If you go on a weekend you will see a wait but I've never waited more than ten minutes for a table! Service is always fast and attentive and it's a place you have to try! They also have an outdoor patio if the weather is nice.Always been our favorite for 30 years! Consistent and well run, thanks Pablo's and Al!!!oLiz is amazing! She made me very comfortable. Helped me make a decisions on what i wanted. She gave great recommendations all before i ate one piece of food. Then the good was amazingThis restaurant is super busy for breakfast! I ate outside. It wasn't that hot.  Of course I ended up sitting next to a smoker. I had to move before my waiter came back. I cannot stand being around smoke even outside! 
The service was super friendly! The food was good and it came really fast. I had the eggs benedict, which is my favorite with a mimosa. 
I've been looking for a breakfast place that I can frequent and spend some time. This isn't that place but definitely another choice in my quest to find good breakfast.Went here wanted to try something different. The place is clean and service was great. Food is fantastic.   Highly recommendI always come here for their breakfast. Crab cake Benedict is excellent! Something different from the regular eggs benedict. Waffles are pretty good too, you can choose whatever topping you want on it. Always feeling full and satisfied whenever I leave here.Great breakfast place. French toast and omelette are outstanding. Our server was warm and friendly and great with the kiddos. Very family friendly.Wonderful time and great food.  The service was very good and our server was very friendly. She was very knowledgeable about the menu and gave great recommendations.  Even though we came in an hour before closing we were not rushed and our food was brought to us on timeGo to, can never go wrong, breakfast. Family has been coming here for years. New Orleans tradition.Been hitting this place for years. We've eaten there for breakfast or brunch. We love it.
Full menu all the time, I believe. I always get the turkey club or a cheeseburger. My wife always gets breakfast.
We are rarely disappointed. Sometimes you do have to be careful to catch the place when it is too crowded. It affects the quality.
That being said. Lakeview wouldn't be the same without Russell's on the weekend.Just had brunch with friends from out of town and the food was great . Shrimp omelet  awesome crab cakes , Leroy's special, Big ALs Bloody Mary great taste and The morning after omelet included a Bloody Mary. Very busy but you would not have known as the service was not affected by the packed house.The eggs were cold and didn't look like 2 eggs. The presentation on my daughters plate was horrible! I had to ask for my sides, service was ok. The oj was fresh squeezed, but value of this meal was not worth it. Won't be going back. Severely disappointed, had heard great things about it!An amazing find in New Orleans.  Our crew had a ridiculous breakfast spread and we left with two pies.  Peanut butter chocolate and lemon meringue!!!  Those pies were epic.  We ate on them for the rest of our vacation and still could not finish them.  It's been a while since we were here but I am writing this review months after the fact because Russell's deserves it!  I liked bringing the Bloody Mary souvenir cup home to remember this place.  Would most definitely return here and recommend friends stop in when traveling to New Orleans!  Two thumbs way up.What a lovely restaurant with great breakfast items. If the weather is really nice, I suggest sitting outside. I've only gone for breakfast, and their menu is geared more towards local food items (ex crawfish in omlets, yum!). I've had their omelet with crawfish in it, which is really good. And their sweet potato pancakes which are yummy too. Unfortunately, I love getting plain ole veggie and bacon omelets for breakfast, and they don't have that. Their food is really good, I'm just sad that they don't have my usual favorite breakfast item.One of my all time favorites!  Excellent breakfast which is served all day.  Friendly neighborhood staff.  Big Al's Bloody Mary is a must!  I can honestly say I've never had anything bad here.   Anytime I am in town, Russell's is a MUST!Wednesday 10:37am....as told by a local friend that we have to come here for Breaky. Pull up, not too busy...seated quickly with a smile. I can tell from the smells swirling in the air that this is gonna be good. Open their menu and it's quite full...but not over done. Since all I have been craving out here is oysters, my brain automatically scans for that word and it pops up quite frequently. But for some reason I'm actually in the mood for breakfast. Eggs Gentilly immediately jumps up, ill take that with a side of grits please and thank you. Hubby goes for Chicken and Waffles...OH and a fresh squeeze OJ please  Only a few short Snapchat posts later....like wedding bells.....que the waitress slow mo with her hair in the wind and a glow around our food. 
An oyster bene sits in front of me with wilted spinach, poached egg, Hollandaise and pecan and bacon crumbles. Everything cooked just the way I like it! Hubbies waffle and chicken were cinnamon kissed and loved that they used tenders...just so you don't have to work at first thing in the morning. 
I've never lit up so much over a glass of orange juice, but you'd never seen one so beautifully orange and natural in color. The waitress says it's fresh squeezed Florida Oranges....and boy is it ever so clear. Pulp and orange bits mixed with juice....I couldn't get enough! 
The staff were too accommodating and honestly just down right friendly! I loved this morning and this experience...Thank You!Oh man, what can I say? Russell's is our go-to spot for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Large portions with affordable prices are where it's at. Russell's has typical southern food and a huge menu. They're always super kid-friendly (a huge plus) and have a kids menu. Everything is delicious: from breakfast to fried pickles (with homemade ranch), to a BLT with a fried egg. Man, I want to go to Russell's now. Definitely check it out. Of all the times I've been, I think I e only had to wait for a table once. There's also a nice little outdoor area with tables. Check this place out!We have made RMG a staple every time we travel back to NOLA. Living in the northeast, we are used to diners and RMG is as good as it gets. 
Food was amazing, came out in a timely manner.  Wife and I were happy and more importantly our 3 sons cleaned their plate. 
The negative (why not 5 stars) our server (#10 according to the bill). We were in on a busy Saturday morning, 7 people, 2 older than 80 who like to take their time and socialize before being rushed to order. Our server came to the table no less than 5 times in 10 minutes asking if ready to order...meanwhile we had no silverware, drinks or water. Skip 30 min later and our drinks are empty, I ask for refills and she gives me a look and says "when I can". Perhaps have the same attention to your table after the food arrives as you did when trying to get us to order. 
Finally when leaving, the older guests in our group had a hard time getting up from the tight quarters of the table next to the bathroom. She was lying in wait with a busser and as the last person walked away, I heard her say "finally". Really? 
My mother meets her friends every Thursday morning at RMG for a reason. Consistently good food, price and service.  They also have a specific server who they ask for(I can update the post to give her the proper credit). 
Considering the many times I have frequented the establishment, with excellent service, I will not hold this against RMG, just hope we don't get #10 again.The country fried steak is amazing. The macaroni &cheese was mouth watering. Me and my wife had the French toast as well. The quantity of food was delightful. Our server "Rissa" was amazing. Service was consistent throughout our experience. Will be back in near future!My family and I enjoy everything at the Russell's Marina Grill! The food is always. Great & the atmosphere is wonderful. I personally am a fan of the spectacular Bloody Mary's. My kids would go with there Dad before going to Mt. Carmel & Christian Brothers.https://russellsmarinagrill.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/BigAl-300x300.jpgRussell Marina Grill
I'm not sure what is happening with the staff at Russell's but its changing alot.  The kitchen is not what it use to be at all.  How can they mess up kids spaghetti with light butter and parmesan cheese?  Well my grand kids love pasta and for them to not eat it something was way wrong.  The sliced parmesan cheese wouldn't even stick to the pasta as wasn't even butter.  Not good they were hungry and wanted more food within a hour after leaving.  Mind you their favorite food is spaghetti.  Wonder why they didn't use grated cheese?We went for breakfast and it was delicious. We are a big family so we ordered a few things. My top choices are the waffle and sweet potatoes pancakes. The service was quick and I will visit again.French toast. I'm just saying.This place is amazing. The portions are very generous and everything is so fresh. The daily specials come with a soup or salad plus dessert. The breakfast menu is one of a kind and the coffee is great. Hate that I passed by this place so many times before giving it a shot.  BEST FOOD ON THE LAKEFRONTMy favorite go to place for multi-grain, pecans, & banana pancake breakfast! Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, and tasty food! The hash browns are smothered potatoes; yummy!!!My husband and I love it here. There is often a wait because of how poplar of a place it is. The service is always fantastic and price is amazing - always a lot of food. My husband and I have gotten breakfast here every time we have gone no matter what the time. I typically get the veggie omelet and the Roddy short stack of pancakes and my husband gets the Roddy special. Always delicious!Hit or miss brunch and subpar dinner services. 
Came here a month ago to have dinner with a friend. While the server was nice and very sociable, the food was not great. I had a chicken fried steak, which was way too overcooked. I was only able to take 2 bites of it before giving up. It was at that point I read all these awesome reviews on their brunch.
Came for brunch on a Sunday. It was quite crowded and people were waiting to sit outside. We decided to eat inside and were sat quickly. 
We started with the sweet potato beignets as a Big Al's Bloody Mary. While the beignets were pretty good, the bloody mary lacked the correct portion of vodka and tasted of straight Clamato juice. I watched our server, not a bartender, make some more with only a splash of vodka. Litterally, a 2 second pour. All of this in a small souvenir 10oz cup. The name Big Al must be some ironic joke. 
My girl ordered the Saints#33 and I ordered the Eggs Gentilly. I was excited as a noticed our food was put in the window, but the Saints#33 was grabbed from our completed ordered and served to the table next to us, though they had arrived well after we had. I watched in awe and disappointment as the server realized her mistake and ordered another Saints#33 on the fly. My Egg's Gentilly then sat on the hot plate for 15 minutes, allowing the english muffin and fried oysters to become extremely soggy. In other news, the Saints#33 was delicious because it was served CORRECTLY! 
Long story short, servers shouldn't be making drinks if they can't measure correctly and never let something fried sit in gravy for more then a few minutes unless you want to food to get soggy. This place seems to lack consistency and that sucks, because their food seems to be great when done right. I'm not sure I am going to give this place another chance, as their are plenty of other brunch spots with consistently good food and drinks.Our first stop in NOLA! Amazing. The orange marmalade and strawberry jam are the worlds finest! We had the shrimp omelet, eggs #9, bbq shrimp and grits, grilled biscuits with jam and kids pancakes with sausage. Seriously over the top impressed with each dish. Highly, highly recommend to anyone within a 3 hour drive should eat here!Breakfast is awesome. Service is good. Lunch so so. Fried shrimp were horrid. Chicken fingers were ok. Service is great for price point!!
I had the eggplant, green tomatoes dish. My children had your pancakes.Ok.  The first time I went here I wasn't blown away.  I am so glad I gave this place a second chance.  We went on a Saturday during Mardi Gras and the place was packed.  They seemed to be adequately staffed though and we didn't have to wait long.  Our waitress was great!  Always had a smile on her face even though the place was a madhouse.  My breakfast was delicious,  I can't remember the name of it, but it was a spin on eggs benedict with bacon and fried green tomatoes,  The eggs were cooked perfectly which I was worried about given how busy they were,  My breakfast also kept me full for the day!  I will definitely be back!Their French toast was to die for first time I've had whole wheat French toast and it was amazing. Their omelettes are the perfect breakfast choice with accompanied sauces- great easy going diner easily a regular option. Great quality food and big portions too! Must go!My god, that was a freaking delicious omelet. Ridonkulous. Vegetarian egg white omelet with organic spinach, tomatoes, swiss cheese, and the most delectable "veggie sauce" ever. NOM NOM NOM.Great ideas for dishes, and plates look delicious, however poor execution. Eggs 9th included horrible crabcakes: all mushy stuffing, no crab. Pork steak was tender, but little flavor. Do ask for the bottomless fresh squeezed orange juice mimosas.The simplest of foods has not been stable in the last few months.  From blueberry pancakes to a BLT.  How can you mess up something as simple as that.  Bloody Mary's are the same.  Yea! I miss the old kitchen staff.Great food! I had the Eggs 9th. I love crab!!! It was a cool twist on a Benedict. Service was fast and polite. Cool local spot that reminds you of a diner only they're on the lake. Parking can be a bit tricky. Full bar which was perfect. I'll be back again for sure.Our cousins took us here for breakfast because it's one of their favorite spots in New Orleans. It certainly did not disappoint. We sat outside on a Sunday morning with great weather. Not too hot and a little bit of a breeze. I opted for the 9th benedict because I wanted a dish that I can't really get in Texas.  I loved their take on the benedict. Instead of an english muffin, the poached egg and hollandaise sauce is served over a crab cake and then served with a side of shrimp.  Cheese grits on the side. I know what you're thinking right, you're thinking this dish sounds off the chain. Well, you'd be right. It was fantastic!I couldn't decide on where to go for brunch and a coworker had recommended me this place. A few girl friends and I had met up here and we enjoyed the service. Everyone was so tentative and friendly. The portion of food were huge! Decent size mom and pop place. Wish the weather was a bit cooler so we can have a few drinks on the patio. Only gave it a 4 star because the interior and decor was a little plain jane and location was in a place in lakeshore which we hardly go there. I'll be back to try out other dishes.I used to like this place a lot. The service was friendly and the wait wasn't too long before food was delivered. After today, I would not recommend this place to ANYONE. I've never been so frustrated and confused in my life. 
My fiancé and I walked in and were seated with menus. After about 5 families were seated and served, we still had not had a waitress. The guy cleaning tables saw us sitting there watching everyone else getting their drink orders taken and---out of curiosity, asked us if we had been served. After learning that we did not, he got us drinks and continued with the task he was doing before he saw us. This place is not big by any means, and I saw at least 7 waitresses talking by the counter.
They distributed themselves and still, no one came to our table to even ask us if we were okay or had been helped. I'm insulted. I'm aggravated. Instead of making a scene, which in all fairness I have ample right to do, I decided to take it to yelp! That's how elites roll!!
I don't knock anyone's hustle but I work in retail. If I see a customer just walking into the store and they have not been helped, I make it my duty to at least speak and introduce myself and tell them to let me know if anything is needed. Maybe I am the wrong skin tone for this restaurant. No one else in the restaurant seemed to have a problem. It's such a shame because I'd grown to like this place.
People of color- ATTENTION: if you are to dine here, it's best to come before the rush---or sometime before 1:00pm on a Saturday. 
I didn't ask for a manager or show any signs of aggression or anger. 
Unless this is fixed, I will no longer be dining here. 
Sorry,  not sorry.The restaurant was amazing! The staff was very pleasant and the food was great! This was my first time having alligator sausage and it was very flavorful. My friend had the chicken and waffles and she said it's the best she ever had. I had the shrimp omelette and it was good. I normally don't leave reviews but this place was outstanding. I recommend this place to anyone that's in the New Orleans area. Matter fact we plan to go back again before we leave.