Came here to celebrate my cousins birthday and we were sorely disappointed by the food and service. It took approximately 20 minutes to take our drink orders and another 15 minutes before someone took our order. We had a party of 16 so we had a preset menu, choosing salads, and entrees. The crab cake was good, the card at salad was decent, however they overcooked my filet and it lacked so much seasoning that I dipped it in the creamed spinach for flavor. The mash potatoes were mediocre at best. We finished with the cheesecake,  blueberry cheesecake. It was a cheesecake dredge in blueberry compote. The cheesecake was soft, room temperature and "whipped". Not the typical cheesecake. The Graham cracker crust was good but could have been better. 
So many options to eat in New Orleans. Yet this will not be a future option.This was our second time at the downtown location of Ruth's. The food and service here is excellent. Angel was our server , and she was great. We started off with bar b que shrimp appetizers and stuffed mushrooms. They were very good. 
Also had wedge salad , with excellent bleu cheese dressing, with chunks of bleu cheese and lots of bacon bits. 
Our filets were cooked as ordered and were delicious. 
Our sides of steak fries and creamed spinach were fresh and delicious. 
We have at dined at most of the top steakhouses in New Orleans and this location of Ruth's ranks up there with the best.I went to Ruth's Chris for a night out with my work managers. When I arrived, they were already seated at a bar table drinking and ordering appetizers before being moved to a table in the restaurant. The service at the bar area was very slow. The waiter didn't ask me for my drink order, so I had to trigger him as he was walking by the table. 
Once my drink order was placed, I waited about 30 minutes before I received my glass of wine. That had me a little bit upset about his service but I was willing to wait until we were seated and have a better server. 
After our apps and drinks, we were sat at a table with water and menus. The waiter came over right away to the table and politely greeted us. He asked if were wanted apps but his smart remarks when we had questions for him was just enough to make me request another server, but I didn't take it that far since I was there to celebrate my success in my new position. 
For dinner, I ordered the dinner combo which included a choice of salad, 12oz. ribeye steak with a side of mashed potatoes and a cheesecake for dessert. It was about $52 which wasn't bad. 
The steak was very tender and juicy, just how i like it. But, the mashed potatoes were a bit bland and the cheesecake was very small, but filling. 
Overall, a nice place to go, but not as nice as you would think.Consistently terrific food and service. Ribeye, lobster mac and cheese and spinach au gratin are some of my favorites.My wife and I were very disappointed with Ruth's Chris. The bill was $100 for a petite filet, 12 ounce sirloin, baked potato and mashed potatoes. Only water to drink. Both steaks were ordered "medium" with a pink center and both were overcooked to what we call "well done" with no pink. Dry steaks for a premium cost.The Ruth's classic special was perfect for a date night, it included a starter, entree, side dish, and dessert. My filet was juicy and cooked medium rare as requested. Everything was wonderful and the service was great!Have dined here twice recently.  The steak is excellent and properly prepared.  Sides were also very good.  Appetizers and desserts are also very good to great.  Wait staff is top of the line.  Atmosphere is good.  But the prices are outrageous.  If dinner was not being comped by the casino I would go to one of the hundreds of other fine dining locations in this town.  But as long as Harrah's , I will is picking up the tab due to my mother-in-laws gambling I will be happy to dine here.First time dining at this Ruth Chris. The reservations were odd. Not many times available but when we arrived and throughout the night the place we sparsely filled yet bunches of people waiting to get in. Might be the low wait staff count. Anyways, we waited a bit for our table and started off with glasses of wine. Our waiter knew his wine which was great considering. We ordered mac n cheese for the kids which oddly enough they didn't like. It looked like the cheese was microwaved. We started with the chop salad, ahi tuna and lobster bisque. The ahi was good but be prepared to endure the wasabi they don't tell you is in the sauce. The lobster bisque was okay more like seafood chowder. It was okay if you're cold. We ordered the bone-in ribeye which was cooked perfectly. A little less butter would be good. The green bean side dish was the winner of the night. The only disappointing dish was the banana cream pie. It was more like whip cream with bananas on top (no custard). Overall, a good dining experience with excellent service. The front hostesses need to work on their greeting and manners.my ap was the onio soup and was terrific.   main course I had the petite 12 oz. ribeye. It was amazing.  Perfectly seasoned and cooked.  sooo tender... Now I know why Ruth's is so famous.  Everyone had a steak and they were all exceptional and perfectly prepared.  lots of smiles and empty plates.  the sides were also excellent and the portions could be shared without being over the top huge.   the potatoes were a little different that expected and not exactly what I liked.  but there wasn't a drop left.  then came the deserts I had bread pudding which again was among best of best. The service was a leisurely pace which was fine with us, no pressure.  the waitress has worked for them 27 years and regaled us with stories fitting of a New Orleans eatery.   
looking for a good steak? come here.This place was flawless. My god. It's expensive sure. But my steak was melting on my mouth. And the shrimp was seasoned like no other. The Chilean sea bass was paired with pineapple and sweet potato, which seemed like a weird mix to me, but oh my if it wasn't perfect! The soups were delicious. The ambiance alone is amazing. Just gorgeous. Private booths. Such attentive staff. Wine choice was great. I will be going back and i recommend this place for a pricy date night.Good service and fine quality food very close to the convention center. 
The seared ahi tuna is perfect ;-)As always excellent food & service!!  Would return the next time I'm in town.Who can pass up a happy hour!  Sit at the bar, grab a seat where everyone knows your name!  Great eats! Friendly staff. And TVs so I can watch the sixers and the phillies!  Though it there are a few yankees fans here! I will give them a pass as it is a friendly place!! .I've dined at a few Ruth's Chris locations before. Being a native of New Orleans; however, I've never dined at the Fulton location.  There are many fine dining options in New Orleans and many of which I could say serve the best filet. My husband and I were fortunate to receive a gift card to Ruth's Chris so we decided to make the reservation at the Fulton location- since neither of us have been there before. We had a reservation; however, had to wait at least 15 minutes to be seated.
Upon walking in, the dining room was very noisy. We were seated at a table that bordered a glass wall of windows that overlooked the next room. I'm not going to lie- it felt crammed against the wall and my view was of another group's table. The seating is a combination of chair and booth seating... Not ideal for a fine dining experience. The chairs are covered with cheap fabric. The lighting is awful. It gives off the feeling that you are eating at an Applebee's or another mediocre chain. I highly recommend dimming the lights to allow for more of a "candle lit" dining feel. The Metairie, LA location does a much better job at this. 
On top of everything else- there were at least 5 fruit flies at our table. On two different occasions the flies fell in to my husband's wine. After making a comment to our waitress- we were told it was just the season.  This didn't make the experience one to write home about.
Now- the food. It was very good. I did find the steaks to have a bit of a crunch on the outside... And my steak tasted more of a medium well then medium. But the meat was delicious and the sides were great. The creamed spinach is definitely a favorite.
In my opinion- a dining experience is just that, an experience. The atmosphere, environment and service play an equal role with the food. If you are staying at the casino and you want to grab a steak with the convenience of not having to leave the hotel- this location is fine for that, maybe even for a dinner with a large group of friends. But, with all the New Orleans has to offer- I strongly encourage you to venture out!Horrible attitude.  Decent food but these people think they are doing us a favor.  Table of 10 - had to wait 1 hour for our table.  Had a res. for 8:00.  Was seated at 9:00.  9:00!!!!  Unacceptable!  Completely unapologetic.   Won't be back!Great service, delicious food. From the best kids chicken tenders to a great filet and amazing chicken. AU Gratin Potatoes are amazing aswell. The ambience is very nice too and gorgeous place!Petit Filet was to be medium rare. It was DOA- cooked to dry, gray and stringy. No excuses. It was meat abuse!  Never ever should happen to a steak. It's usually a outstanding steak house. Sides really good.Let me start off with the fact that I'm still in the restaurant for the first time right now. The service was great BUT does not make up for how terrible the filet was. I'm here for my cousin's birthday dinner and the price is $80/person. I had such high expectations for their food. It was very disappointing. I wouldn't even recommend anyone to come here for steak. I'm from Texas and I know steak. That steak was so dry and flavorless for a medium cooked steak. The sides were all burnt. Talking to my sisters they seem to be really disappointed as well. My sister didn't even want to ask for A1 because she thought it was rude towards the chef.. the sides were mediocre. It was nothing special. Also we were sharing the sides like family style. First thing that ran through my head was... IS THIS MASHED POTATOES FOR ANTS? I don't know if I'm a fatass or not but half the plate of mashed potatoes seems proportionate to my meal BUT I'm sharing the mashed potatoes between 4 to 5 people. The only thing I really liked was the bread and butter they give when you first arrive. Is that sad? I just had the cheesecake and the cheesecake is bigger than everything else I had but the salad. It was drenched in a blueberry sauce and it was way too overwhelming. It was a surplus of blueberries and it was unnecessary. I definitely would've been satisfied with a light amount of it. Overall, I'm pretty sad. I wouldn't recommend any of my friends to come here. If this is what rich people eat than I want to stay poor.I have gone to Ruth Chris in Los Angeles plenty of times, the service was good for a second, and suddenly it took a turn. Was told it would be a 15 minute wait to order that turned into an hour. The waitress  then took someone else's order that just walked in prior to my party. It had been an hour finally ordered, as I am writing this review we still have not eaten. I will still  go to the one near home,  but do not plan on coming back to this one. Not sure what the food taste  like , I'll write another review later.I really hate to write a negative post but after much thought figured I had to share. We went for my birthday and took both of our kids. Ruth's used to be my daughters absolute favorite restaurant and one of my top picks as well. To our disappointment the food was absolutely horrible and not edible. My daughters child steak was so over cooked it resembled dog food and she could not chew the meat. FYI it was ordered medium. We got the porterhouse for two and we were served the lowest grade of meat you could imagine. The manager did come out after noticing we did not touch one bite of our steaks or the sides. Why eat the sides when we were there for steak right? Because we had the kids and my daughter was "starving" we opted to leave and not have them remake our order. The insulting part was when the manager "discounted" our bill! So I still had to pay nearly $200 for food that wasn't even touched!?I remember going out to Ruth's for extra special occasions as a kid so as an adult it still has that sense of nostalgia for me even though its now a chain with many locations throughout the country. The story of their New Orleans roots is woven into the fabric and remains to be a strong theme. Some of the original "broads" from the Broad street location are still waiting tables in the New Orleans area today. I find them very consistent on what they do well, which is steak. I always get the filet and I have yet to be disappointed. I love how it comes out on a sizzling hot plate. The filet seriously melts in your mouth like butter. The sides are family sized so definitely split the sides with 2-4 people. My favorites are the creamed spinach and the pecan crusted sweet potatoes. It's definitely a treat meal! 
I also want to mention that in all my years of going to Ruth's I have never had bad service. The servers are always very knowledgeable of the menu and always check back to make sure your steak was cooked correctly. I appreciate that since I don't eat steak very often so when I do I want it to be perfect.
The happy hour is also something to be noted. Weekdays & Sunday 4:30- 6:30 with cocktails and food for $9. Not bad for high quality food and service!Cesaer salad was tasty. Seem to take a long time for the main course. Steak was cooked nicely. Not much flavor. They ran out of green beans so I got sautéd spinach instead. Flavorless. Waitress never cleaned the table after the bread so we've been dealing with crumbs our entire meal. Annoying!Hands down, I mean up up- hoooorah- omg seriously succulent sizzling slammin' best ribeye ever from east to west- go go go- the food n vibe so worth it!!! Beyond butta' bam to make you wanna slap yo mama n hear the $$$$ cha Ching from hoorahs casino next door- pity that the bartenders blur the 5star experience w their subpar service- worth the trip to cow couture cuisine though- mmmmmmmmOf course the steak was good.  If you haven't been to a RC before keep in mind that you have to order everything a la carte.  Your $50 steak does not come with sides or a salad...unless you pay extra for them.
The service was okay and the place appeared to be clean.  It was located inside of the Harrah's so the restaurant itself was small.  I have found that each RC location is either hit or miss.Ruth Chris's steak house is way overrated to me. The steaks are usually hit and miss. Some times they are great and sometimes they are over-priced mediocre steaks. When you know better you do better. I used to have to absolutely eat here but once I found better steak I realized just how mediocre Ruth Chris is. While I know some people absolutely love this place I won't knock it completely. It is a nice place to have date night of even business dinners. The ambience is nice and the staff is always great. Other food choices and sides are also good but when paying for good steak I expect good steak every-time!A CHAIN IS A CHAIN IS A CHAIN! "Just ain't what it used to be." "Miss Ruth is turnin' ova in ha grave." You can too often hear these quotes in N.O. Dined at Vets&Broad for 25-30 yrs. Fulton same. More changes to menu & less quality each year. Once the best in N.O., now just another chain restaurant. Food is prepared ahead, frozen, reheated. That qualifies as LEFTOVERS. Shame on you, Corporates! She's watching! (Service always good.)Very good, as expected!  This location featured great bartenders and the most friendly fellow patrons at the bar, all very talkative. Good drinks, burger, steaks.This was in the Harrah hotel lobby. The food and service was impeccable. I believe this is the flagship location, the lobster mac was divine. We spent 200 dollars for 3 entrees, 2 sides and drinks. It was well worth the treat!I came here for the Sunday brunch this past weekend and had a really good breakfast. I had a bowl of gumbo for my appetizer, petite filet w/ eggs, and the bread pudding. I was very hungover when I came, so I wasnt in the best of moods but it was really good.This place is class all the way. The French onion soup tastes a little sweet (like sherry wine) and I love the flavor! The ahi tuna appetizer is one of the best around. As for the filets? OMG. Worth every penny. The staff fawns on you and makes you feel valued. The service and atmosphere are top notch. If someone took me here on a date, I think I'd fall in love with them. It does not get any better than this! One of the best "chain" establishments with respect to food and service in NOLA. I never tire of coming here!My husband and I love RC. Everything was great except for the drinks from the bar took a long time. We had to order 2 drinks at a time to stay up to point. The 1st round of drinks looked beautiful. Garnished with a sugar rim and lemon peel. The others, which were the same drinks, had nothing. Maybe the bartenders were busy. The restaurant itself didn't seem busy, lots of empty tables but over all, WE LOVED IT.I would give my wait staff 5 stars, and manager would get 3 stars only because he tried to un mess the mess ups. The kitchen messed up every course from starters to the steaks. I have eaten at Ruth's steakhouse as long as I can remember. This is the only time I have ever had to send "anything" back to the kitchen. Tonight was like a mature night at Ruth's. Appetizer shoestring fries were greasy and not crispy at all. Stuffed mushrooms were not cooked at all, put on a hot plate, but not cooked. My son and I ordered the bone in filet ($50+ each) burnt to a inedible yuck. It took another 20 minutes for them to bring out what I ordered. It was perfect the second time. 
When you are going out to Ruth's with a fair sized group (6 people), and dropping some serious coin at said reputable steakhouse the steak is the last thing they should mess up.  The waiter did the best he could to salvage a bad experience, but in the end the management should not have allowed that crap food to leave the kitchen. I could have gotten a better steak at the Swamp room.Restaurant very clean, Serviced by the Thom super great. Food was excellent. BBQ shrimp appetizers, Cesar salad, steak fabulous. Good location. Definitely recommended.We ate here on Easter night and they were serving their regular menu. Larry, our waiter, was fantastic and was so nice to my Down's brother Larry. They bonded. One of the best waiters for my brother - EVER.
I had the combo meal that started with their soup of the day which was a Tomato Crab. It had a roasted tomato base that was like sunshine. And the chunks of crab and other items made it fantastic. Then my 6 oz. filet with the truffle crust was cooked perfectly. The fingerling potatoes were awful as they had a strange sauce and a horrible aftertaste. It also came with a decent bananas foster cheesecake.
My husband had a filet and mashed potatoes - all of which was excellent. My brother had a mac and cheese. It normally has lobster but they made it for him without lobster and reduced the price. It was very good and would be excellent for a child.
The highlight was the bread pudding. It doesn't look like much - just a round piece of plain bread pudding. But the flavor was very good and the creme anglais sauce made it amazing. Would go back again and I am not a big steak person.The food was AMAZING!!! It took a little long but it was well worth the wait. Because we let them know in our on line reservation that we were celebrating our anniversary, we received free desserts.By far this is the worst steak house I have ever been to . 
The rib eyes that we ordered were dry tough chewy not worth the price .. after the steaks anything Else we were going to right went right out the window . Prime beef should be moist tender and succulent this was none of the above it was Low grade dog foodThis was my first time here, and the place was absolutely gorgeous. Everyone was in his/her formal attire, and so you could definitely tell this place is expensive. The view of Fulton street lights was beautiful. But the food was well worth it all. The service was very good, and the waitresses were friendly and always checked up on us to see if we needed more drinks. Also one waitress was able to help me decide on which red wine to get. So nice.
Then came the food... Oh man. Absolutely amazing. I had the seared ahi tuna and mushrooms stuffed with crabmeat for the appetizer, steakhouse salad, medium rare filet with a side of mashed potatoes and creamed spinach, and cheese cake with berries. The ahi tuna app was all right, not a fan though. The salad was good; that was the first time I actually ate all my veggies. The highlight dish was the filet on the 500 degree plate (woah). The seasoning, the juiciness, and the tenderness made it so divine. I loved every bite I took. I loved the mashed potatoes; you honestly cannot mess that up. The spinach was way too creamy for me. But the cheesecake, oh my goodness. I was expecting only a slice, but the waitress came out with a whole cake for everyone who picked that as the dessert. I couldn't finish it all, but it was very delicious, nonetheless. I heard the sin cake was extremely rich.
You definitely get your money's worth of all the food given (even though my dinner was completely free, thank you dad's boss). The only downside to this experience was the wait was a bit long, but it's okay. The food made up for it.So far I have had 2 dining experiences at this location and I have been thoroughly pleased each time. Everyone goes above and beyond here to make sure you have everything you need, just the way you need it. 
We've ordered a few different cuts of steaks here with the Cowboy ribeye being the favorite. The creamed spinach is also delicious as a side. They were also very accommodating to the request we made on how to prepare and cook the steak. 
Overall, this is the place to choose when you're looking for an amazing steak!I have been here several times. The starters are awesome.  I have had bbq shrimp & the shrimp roumelaude/ cocktail which are great.  The steaks are always cooked to perfection (medium rare), and the sides are oh so good.  I especially love the au gratin potatoes and sweet potato casserole.  A great place for lunch or dinner.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars as opposed to 5, is that 5 stars are reserved for life altering experiences. ;)Adam, our server, was great! Food was delicious! Service was great! Stuffed chicken is my go to now at Ruth Chris!Typical chain steakhouse, you can expect a decent steak and good sides.
I ate here for lunch on Christmas this year.  The staff was very friendly, as you can expect, and went out of their ways to be really attentive on Christmas, although I'm sure they would have much preferred being elsewhere.
I ordered my ribeye medium rare, it came medium well.  I'm not sure if the waiter misunderstood me, but I wasn't in the mood for sending it back.  Fortunately, a ribeye can take a beating and still be relatively tender due to the fat content.
Aside from that, typical experience that I've had at many other steak houses, not any better or worse.  I still prefer Flemings to Ruth Chris if I had to go with a chain.I have never been so disappointed in a steakhouse. I really would have preferred Norm's $10.99 steak to the sad excuse of a ribeye I was presented with.
We were kind of sick and tired or NO creole/Cajun food after 5 full days and just wanted some good ol fashioned steak. Bad mistake, should have known to just stick with the local cuisine and leave the steak chain food for home. 
We walked in, about 6 pm on a. Sunday. Place didn't seem that packed, bar was a bit busy with the NCAA games on. We were seated in a booth, waitress came by rather quickly and introduced her junior waitress(helper). Took our drink order and went through the usual process. 
Brought us our drinks rather promptly , we both ordered a salad, steak and decided to split a soup. 
The soup we received in a timely manner and it was decent, some shrimp bisque, not too shabby but a bit lukewarm.
Then the atrocity started, received their market salad and it was drenched in the dressing and the flavor of the salad was just off. I love salad and I just sat there thinking what the heck is this nonsense I'm eating. I let it go as I wasn't in a mood to say anything. A good 10-15 minutes go by but we are still working on our salads and a server comes by with our food, he sees we are still working on our salads and was courteous enough to ask us if we wanted to have him come back. We decided that yes we did. Literally a minute later and our original waitress comes back with the food and asks are you ready for your steaks, but it was more just to serve notice that they would be given to us. No question about whether we wanted to finish out salads first, just plopped the food down. 
My ribeye was something you could get a your local mega chain grocery store, throw it under a broiler and serve. No flavor, meat was a bit chewy, overall it was laughable. The weirdest thing was that my steak was sitting in a pool of it's own oil. Every time I cut a piece, I had to pat the gosh darn piece on a napkin to rid it of its oil. It was disgusting. When I finally had the waitress come back and I asked her for a new plate (not a new steak, literally a new plate) due to the disguising nature of mine, she seemed perplexed after I explained it to her.
Place is a joke, should have just stuck to getting some crawfish as the last meal.
Please avoid at all costs, rather just randomly walk to the restaurant right next door even though I have no idea while they serve then to step back into this place.One star is.being generous. Had reservations with my family at this location on Fulton for 330.  When we arrived our table was not ready we order a drink on the far side of the bar by the patio and continue to wait and wait. A server by the name of Mandi points at us and continue to ask another server and ask "who we are and what we are doing". My dad continued with this is my family is there a problem?" She whispers something and MANDI walks pass stating "What a Di**!!"  My advice would be to avoid this location! It's a shame because this is one of our favorite locations. Will not be returning.Three stars because of the prices. This is a very nice, upscale restaurant (as is the Metairie location, equally as good), and it's also the reason I learned to replicate their Bearnaise sauce for filet mignon. They're crab entree is excellent as well. Shoestring fries are a fun side, but the other sides are comparable to any other upscale place. 
The bottom line to me, though, is that even though the signature dish is filet mignon & it's fabulous, the price simply is not justified. Frankly, Longhorn Steakhouse is every bit as good (sans the Bearnaise) as is $20 at the grocery & a smoking hot cast iron skillet. Bearnaise really isn't THAT tricky to make to justify the price either.  
I think it's time for them to rethink their pricing on this item since everyone is doing great filets downtown/in the Quarter & Metairie. Personally, I'd just as soon go someplace in the heart of the Quarter and explore while I hope they start doing something to draw attention again.Would have been higher if it weren't for the fact that at first they were acting like they didn't wanna serve me. Sure I wasn't dressed right but my money is still green. They kept passing me from waiter to waiter, I finally ended up with this older and short gentleman. He was very accommodating and paid attention to what I needed. Veal Osso Buco Ravioli is what I ordered and it was divine! The waiter also brought me out a dessert for my bday. I think I ended up giving him a 20$ tip on a 24$ check.Simply awesome. Will accommodate a large party ( more than 10) and still manage to get to right, hot, and in a timely manner.Having had dinner at Ruth's Chris in different cities, I had an idea of what to expect.  A quality meal at fairly high price.  Most other of this chain are fairly pedestrian in my opinion regarding decor etc.  This one was totally different I'm happy to say.  The service was spectacular and the food was amazingly good.  We had the Porterhouse and I'd highly recommend it.  Enjoyed a bottle of great wine and our server was charismatic and attentive.  The decor, taste, quality of service were all 5star.Pretty disappointed in the hostess staff. Tons of empty tables (counted at least 15) yet there's a two hour wait. UnacceptableLunch date venue was as perfect as ever... Pre-Bday celebration as our server presented us with a dual-bday-dessert.  This place Never disappoints.  I highly recommend Ruth's for a group event... Love the staff...Yummy steak, gave my husband a dessert for his birthday. They even decorated the table! The filet mignons were awesome!We came in a little late on Saturday night, after a hard day at work. We ordered:
Petite 6 oz Filet Delish, served perfectly, just as I asked for it
Rib Eye 12 oz  Again, amazing
Our sides were: Creamed spinach...oh wow...yum
mac and cheese. Good. Not amazing. Good
We also had the chicken Gumbo as an appetizer...If you don't like saffron, don't order the this dish. Very heavy. I had one bite and that was it for me. And I love Gumbo.
Service was good. We came in from work, still in our work clothes, and we were treated as well as anyone else, more appropriately dressed.Fun location and great service, after that it became just an average experience. Everyone at the table ordered there steaks Medium and everyone's came out Medium Well or Well Done. I was also disappointed in the Sweet Potato Casserole which is my favorite dish at Ruth's Chris. It was very try and the brown sugar topping was hard and crunchy.One of my favorite restaurants so I had to see what it was like in New Orleans. As always I wasn't disappointed! Food, drinks, and dessert was on point! Service was excellent, we even got to sit outside which was a first for me. I recommend the crab cake sandwich and lobster bisque.Quack!
After a long (almost) week in NOLA, we were looking for something different than the same old options. We decided to get fancy and booked a reservation. We booked at 6pm for a 7:15 reservation, and it was for the best because about 6:45ish they got pretty busy. 
Our server, Joe, and his team made the experience really great. I was eyeing the Rib eye, and the mrs. the fillet, so he recommended the dinner special that comes with the full portion meat plus soup/salad, a side, and dessert. Ran about $50 each. (Ribeye was a little more, filet slightly less).
All in all the food was great, wine was fantastic and service was perfect. Couldn't ask for a better dinner. 
Ps. The crème brûlée was ammmmmaaaaaazzzzziiiiinnnnnngggggg
Quack!This is the best steak I have ever eaten. I have been to six different countries and had steak in each of those countries and nothing compares. The steak has not artificial flavor and is just season with salt and pepper if you are looking for an excellent steak bring yourself to this restaurant and be ready to be amazed. To add on to this amazing restaurant they have a beautiful bathroom. It is close to several hotels and it's in easy walking distance of those hotels. I'm breath taken by the amazing atmosphere and customer service. You will not be disappointed.Ruth's is a good steakhouse, but I think it's become over-rated, especially compared with Mr. John's steakhouse on St. Charles.  The steaks there are superior to Ruth's, and that's saying a lot, because Ruth's is a good, solid steakhouse.My steak was perfect , love the Caesar salad and the Brussel sproutsMy wife, our friend, and I dined at Ruth's Chris located inside the Harrah's Hotel in New Orleans on Sunday night after the Saints blew a big lead against the Titans.  As a former long-time N.O. resident, I have enjoyed many a great meal at the original Ruth's Chris on Broad St and at the former Veterans Blvd location in the past. We were really looking forward to our first meal at this location.
We had no reservation, but when we showed up, they seated us immediately. Our water glasses were filled, a loaf of french bread delivered, the waiter arrived and took drink orders, and he told us about the specials for that day. So far, so good.
The drinks came quickly enough and were fine. We ordered the calamari as an appetizer and it was delicious. We could have easily eaten two of them.
This is when the experience started to go south. For some reason, it took our waiter a long time to return to take the rest of our order and provide the next round of drinks. The restaurant wasn't that busy, so he couldn't have been overloaded with other tables. 
For the entrees we ordered two filets (medium rare) and a ribeye (medium) along with Sweet Potato Casserole and Creamed Spinach as the sides to share among the three of us.
It seemed to take forever for the food to arrive. Once again, our waiter disappeared, and there was no one else passing near us. Right when we were about to start trouble, the food arrived. The sides were great. As for the steaks, they revealed to us why the food took so long - they were all overcooked. By the time we got our food, and tucked in, we discussed sending them back. But, we decided that we were all too hungry to send them back and wait for replacements.
We struggled through our meal, my wife ordered cheesecake for dessert (It was good.) and we finally got the bill.
Even with a substandard (and deserved) tip, the bill came to exactly $300. I certainly don't mind paying that much for a great meal, but don't pawn off a mediocre meal for that price.
Mrs Fertel (the Ruth in Ruth's Chris) is turning over in her grave at what this restaurant is doing in her name.
As for us, we probably should have gone to Morton's at Canal Place.I don't eat steak so my go to is the stuffed chicken and crab cakes delicious every time lobster Mac & cheese is also my favDinner here again on the most recent trip.  There were two large parties going on (a 50 top and a 100 top), so this slowed seating and had the noise level raised to party levels.  They apologized for the delay and put us in a private booth.  Our server for the evening was Gaye and she was fantastic.  Starters for me were French Onion Soup and a salad with balsamic vinagarette.  Soup was very good.  Salad was solid if not spectacular.  My medium rare filet was perfectly prepared and a prime steak.  The au Gratin Potatoes were OK, not great.  Mom's filet was just as good, salad was comparable to mine and she loved all her veggie sides except the baked potato (it was the end of the night and the best of the three remaining spuds was over cooked and dried out.  Dessert was a cheesecake that may be the best I have ever had.  Mom had the banana creme pie that was OK.A delicious meal, as usual, at the best chain steakhouse around.  This is the original location and they truly believe in maintaining the tradition of the franchise.  I had the stuffed chicken, the mushrooms and the creamed spinach and all were delicious.   My one problem with this meal was the fact that it took 3+ hours, despite the fact our party was about 30 deep (the bill came out to about $4,500), that was far too long for us to wait for our food.  All-in-all, Ruth's Chris is simply a great meal.ruths chris steak house is a take off of an original new orleans steak house.    everything they serve is a take off of that place.  they're great, but really....  find the real steak house that they fashioned themselves after, and buy local, shop local.Had the 16oz Ribeye. Cooked perfect, medium rare. Our server, Jason, great guy. Thank You Jason. Great job.
Cream Brûlée was perfect. Nice place inside Harrah's Hotel.My love and I recently dined at Ruth's Chris for their 5 course dinner with Spanish wine pairings.  It was $95 per person.
When we first arrived, we were pleasantly greeted; however, there was a mix up in finding our reservation because it had been made through their PR company.  The manager came talk to us.  He said that he would take care of things.  Then we were left standing there for 20 minutes.  We asked again, and by that point, the manager did clear things up, and seated us in the back room with the wine dinner.
The private room was warm and beautiful, but the acoustics lent to us having to raise our voices to talk to the other guests at our table.  
For our first course, we had a tomato and goat cheese salad.  It was delicious.  The second course was lobster with paella.  It was good.  We then had a pork tenderloin dish.  I didn't care for this at all, as it was very dry.  The next course was the filet mignon with a pimento type cheese on top.  This was perfection!  Absolutely mouthwatering.  It's obvious steak is what Ruth's is known for!  The dessert course was a deconstructed tres leches.  It was just o.k. and it really didn't taste anything like the amazing Latin dessert I've come to love so much.
The wine pairings were spot on, and they kept the wine flowing.
All in all, it was an enjoyable evening.  Going just on food alone, I doubt I'd do another dinner like this.  I'd rather go and just do a la carte and get the items that I know they're great at...like steak.We went into the restaurant to order a steak to go. We were instructed to order at the bar so we sit down at the bar. SLOW service from the bartender. Took 5 minutes to order. (When your waiting, that is a long time) finally got our order and it was correct. My only issue was trying to cut the steak with the cheapest plastic cutlery pack they could find. Looks like they came from Sam's Club.  If I'm going to pay $45 for one piece of meat, give me the BEST plastic fork and knife you can find. Will not be ordering "to go" from there.I go to Ruth's Chris occasionally, and service and food are always good. However, I was in the bar area recently to watch the Saints playoff game and experienced the most amazing service by our server Donnie, and all those that supported him.  The food was great as usual, but Donnie out shined the meal.   He made it a very fun night, was extremely friendly to all of his customers. My party commented that he made everyone feel like family.  I plan to come back much more often and will continue to ask for Donnie.My family and I visit Ruths at least three or four times a year mainly for very special events. Well for this visit I was very disappointed with the lack of sides for my meal and the meals of my guest. I ordered my typical Ruths Special along with my wife, but the sides we requested were not available(mashed potatos) along with the scallops, and a blended wine that my father was requesting.  My server was showed much patience when encountered with our frustrations, and very understanding.  I have never been to a Ruth's that was missing so much till it gave the idea of it either going out of business or it didn't prepare for the very busy Mardi Gras season in New Orleans.  Now by no means am I degrading your restaurant, I personally love Ruths and I will be visiting again and again, but I was very disappointed with the lack of preparedness.  I will visiting Ruth's in the near future with my wife for a very special occasion and I hope your restaurant will be ready.Ruth's Chris has always been one of my favorite go to places for steak.  I ordered the 12 ounce ribeye, lobster mac and cheese, and their famous cheesecake.  The ribeye, as usual, did not disappoint.  But the highlight of my meal was actually the lobster mac!  Oh my!!  The lobster pieces were plentiful and it was cooked to perfection.  I've never had (or heard of) lobster mac until I ordered here.  It is definitely a must try!  
Now for price:  I was solo and my bill totaled about $125.00.  If you're able to splurge a little, 
Ruth's Chris is worth the money....
I will return!!While I really want to hate Ruth's, because they pulled out their HQ after Katrina (I know Ms. Ruth is rolling over in her grave), as a New Orleanian it is hard to quit you!
Ahh from the warm perfectly crunchy yet soft fresh bread that you bring to the table along with my favorite appetizers (Ahi Tuna and crab stuffed mushrooms) to your spinach au gratin and perfectly cooked and buttery steaks... it is difficult
The service is always consistently excellent here, we have even come in later in the evening after an event and still treated as if we came in at 8 for dinner, the food and experience have always been great.  The wine selection is vast but the cocktails are pricey to say the least.  I also want to add that at one visit there was an issue and the manager was quick to remedy the situation and go over and above to ensure we returned again and assured a better experience.
Like I said while I have a bit of disdain, I still return in hopes that they will bring the HQ back to where it belongs.Food OK. Service very slow with an empty 
Restaurant. Six persons, $900 bill and had to pay for valet parking!
Skip it. There are much better steak houses in New Orleans (Mr Johns, Desi Vega's and Dickie Brennan's) with free Valet parking.So...I went to a steakhouse and didn't have steak. Whomp whomp whoooomp. However, I thoroughly enjoyed everything else I did have! I loved the Sizzling Blue Crab Cakes, Spicy Lobster, Mushrooms Stuffed w/Crabmeat, Ruth's Chop Salad, and Sweet Potato Casserole and would order any/all of those items again...everyday, if I could afford it :) Ruth's is pricey so I won't be a frequent diner but if you have a little change to spare and want to partake in some fine dining, Ruth's is a great option.Per me rimane la steak house numero 1 degli Stati Uniti!
In particolare in questo di new Orleans l'ambiente è davvero bellissimo. Il tavolo era in una posizione assolutamente tranquilla e nonostante fossimo 12 persone riuscivamo a conversare tranquillamente tra di noi nonostante il locale al completo.
Per non parlare della mia New York Strip! Superba! Tenerissima, cotta perfettamente al sangue come da richiesta e con un sapore davvero superbo.
Unica pecca della serata: troppissimo aglio nella Cesar Salad!
Prezzo: 90 $ a persona (tasse e gratuity comprese). Detta così sembra tanto ma vi assicuro che in una settimana di ristoranti ho speso molto di più in postacci e mangiando male! 
Se passate in zona dovete assolutamente fermarvi a cena.Been to Ruth's Chris many many times. Never anything bad to say about it. The steaks are great and if you ever get a chance, get the sliders. They are by far the best things I've ever had. Been trying to figure out how to make the amazing BBQ butter that they use. Recipes online don't taste like the real deal. Love the placeFancy. Expensive good. Good considering it's a chain. I'm a steak girl and this just isn't my favorite steak house. The steaks are well cooked and taste ok, but the flavor just isn't there. I can't say anything bad about this place, but neither can I rant and rave. It's just a big OK. So, if you're looking for an OK steak that you pay GREAT money for. Here's the place.Web site in New Orleans restaurant does not post menu with prices so because we are visiting party of 16, we will be dining at the Chophouse, who does post their prices.Always consistent. Always tasty. Great service. 
If you happen to be dressed casually or want a livelier crowd then I suggest dining in the bar. They serve the full menu.We had the crab blt & steak sandwich both came with fries. It was the happy hour special that runs from 4 to 6:30pm all items priced at  $9 drinks too. The food was great & our server Oscar was too. I shall return.At the Ruth's Chris in NOLA they are serving up a pretty standard experience.  Its a chain lets not for get that, but it is pretty high end.  The menu has something for everyone even if you are not a steak lover.  We celebrated a birthday here and our waiter Joe M. is top notch.  He was informative, patient and expertly timely.  We all ordered off of their four course menu and all happy with our meals.  I think everyone got the filet except me, I had the rib eye.   The flavors were definitely all there and the portions were plentiful.  Dessert came with the meal and it was excellent, a cheesecake and a separate big Italian cheesecake was brought for the birthday celebration and it was the crowd favorite for sure.  Check it out if your around one, its an experience.I ate what was probably the best petite filet mignon I've ever had. It was delicious. I highly recommend going there, and yes, it will burn a hole in your wallet, but worth it. Connie, our waitress was very nice and on top of it all. She received a good tip!We wee in New Orleans and my husband and I decided to celebrate our 1 year anniversary here. Our waiter Joseph was the best and totally made our experience memorable and pleasant. I have been to the Roth Chris in San Francisco but Joseph's outstanding service topped that location by far. Thank you Joseph!Always a great meal at Ruth's... can never go wrong here... I'm a well done steak guy and I never had to send my steak back... some places either undercook it or overcook itRuth's Chris on Poydras is consistently superb in quality of food and service. My steak (I get the filet cooked med rare) is always cooked perfectly and their seafood is always fresh and delicious (try the crab martini). I went to Ruth's twice this week- for NYE lunch in the dining room and the Saints game at the bar on Saturday night. The bar scene on game day is a must to experience but get there early, as it gets crowded and they don't rush you so most people stay the whole game. Donnie, our server and Sean, our busser, helped us find extra chairs and a table - they really went above and beyond, even for a place known for their service! Donnie had such high energy and it really made the whole night special for the fans. This is by far my favorite steakhouse!Steak was incredible. Service was excellent. Sitting out on the patio was a nice touchYou must request Jimmy D for your server. One of the best servers I've had in a restaurant in a while. 
Our filet mignons (cooked medium),  creamed corn, mashed potatoes, and creamed spinach were excellent. Banana cream pie, creme brûlée, and creamy cheesecake were delicious. The desserts were large enough to share, or plan on taking it back with you to your room or home.
Perfect location for downtown New Orleans. Across from Hilton Riverside and in the Harrahs Hotel. Several other hotels in the vicinity.The service here is betound bad. Consistnatly bad. The 2 stars are for the food & even the last time I was in there the kitchen botched 3 of the table's 4 meat temperatures. Not good for a steakhouse.I love the service and the food and the crowd, I am a def a fan!Now normally I love my Ruth Chris...yet the last 2 times was horrific. Granted they were slammed, Friday night and all. Me and 2 others having dinner..my steak was soooo tough cuz it was burnt! The side dish was your guess is good as mine..the server even brought out burnt garlic bread (which I did send back.) I mean it was an embarrassment. The birthday celebration for one of my friends superseded the bad service and terrible food. They commented on my food too suggesting I send it all back. I regretfully didn't. Guess I will have to find a new favorite steak house. Not an easy task considering. Except when your steak by it's lonesome  cost $41, dang!!! get it right people! Not a good taste in my mouth. May I suggest Metairie, I went there several days later for lunch and it was amazing. AMAZING.Amazing as always. I had steak each night we were in new Orleans and this was by far the best and not all that much more expensive than the others were. 
I always get the filet and garlic mashed potatoes. Be sure to save room for some sin cake and fresh fruit in sweet cream. They were so good, I had to get a second dessert!Went there for lunch on Sunday Nov 3rd.  Party of 2 without a reservation,  but was seated immediately.  I am unsure why they still asked for my name?
We each got a salad and had steak added.  These are not salads in the traditional sense...as the one was an ice cream scoop of stuff that had lettuce in it.  These were $18 apiece, which I consider pricey.  
The service was sub par.  Our server, Alex, was too busy watching the saints game to bring us bread, our meals, or anything.   Others did this for him.  The check also took forever to get.  I wish I could have given his (small) tip to the ones that actually did the work.
Will not return.Yay steak! Saturday night, reservation for 7 at 9:15 (earliest we could get). As soon as entire party arrived we were able to sit. Our server John was great! He was personable, attentive, and handled our table with grace. 
Now on to the food. Drinks all around. Most girls had some fancy type of Martini, I opted for a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon. Warm French bread and whipped butter is placed on the table (that disappeared fast)  Lobster mac and cheese for the table. Just so everyone could have a taste. Please order this, you won't regret it. Ruth's was running a pre fix type of menu on top of regular menu. It was a good deal. 
http://www.ruthschris.com/promotions/ruths-classics
I opted for the seasonal soup to start, 6 oz. filet (medium) with shrimp, side of mashed potatoes, and bread pudding to finish. All were fantastic. No fault could be found with anything. You want an amazing steak, Ruth's has it for sure!
Easy location within the Harrah's Hotel on Fulton. Parking in the Harrah's garage and Ruth's validates.4.5 stars
Although this review is specifically tailored to the NOLA Fulton Street location of Ruth's, I'll "put it out there" that the food is consistent among all the locations I have eaten at so far, which include  Broad St. in New Orleans (closed), Veterans Blvd in Metairie, Hard Rock Casino in Biloxi and Constitution Ave. in Baton Rouge, LA.
This was my first visit to the Fulton Street location and it did not disappoint.  The restaurant's decor is very typical of the warehouse district and there are exposed brick walls and wooden beams throughout.
Many thanks to my friend HJK for hooking up the reservation and getting us a window table on the Fulton Street side.  This dining room is all the way to the rear of the restaurant and IMHO is the best place to dine, as you are not in the sea of diners in the other dining rooms and it offers a little more intimacy.  Besides, this is where the bar is!
Neither my wife nor I are big drinkers, but we were celebrating her birthday, we had a babysitter and a drink was called for.  She had a"blackberry sidecar".  For the uneducated like me, it's Remy Martin VSOP cognac, Cointreau, lemon juice, muddled blackberries and plum bitters in a sugar rimmed glass.  Overall, a good sweet drink with a little kick at the end.
My drink was a Moscow Mule, which I never heard of until I read a recent review by NOLA Yelp Ambassador Joi B.  Made with vodka, ginger liqueur, lime juice and ginger ale; this drink was dangerously delicious, as you could pound it down like a kid's drink.
As we waited for our appetizer ,we were served the freshest and most delicious French bread.   Perfectly crispy on the outermost layer and delectably soft and warm on the inside.  Bonus points for the butter being the perfect temperature to spread. (Yes, we ate 2 loaves).  
Appetizer:  The sizzling blue crab cakes are awesome.  The breading is just sufficient enough to hold the lump crab meat together, and there is hardly any breading in the actual stuffing.  And I mean this as a compliment, as there is nothing worse than over-breaded stuffing.  Just mouthfuls of hot delicious lump crab meat here.
Side dish 1: These potatoes au gratin will never be confused for a box of Betty Crocker.  The potatoes are sliced thin, loaded with butter and come with a "crust" of melted cheese so thick  that you could practically walk across it.  
Side dish 2: The creamed spinach, although not my choice, was a pleasant surprise.  The spinach was chopped, but not so finely that you lost the texture.  I couldn't put a handle on the ingredients of the cream sauce.  All I know is that I wanted to lick the pate when we were done, but I refrained.
Steaks:  My wife had the petit filet (2 - 4 oz medallions) topped with grilled shrimp.  Cooked to perfection and served searing hot, these steaks were so tender that a knife was really not necessary.
Bone in 22 oz Cowboy ribeye -- If you want flavor, then a bone in ribeye is what you want.  I had nearly forgotten what a great ribeye was all about.  This aint your store-bought ribeye that's loaded with fat, and there was no fat to cut off of this masterpiece.  However, it was marbled throughout with "fatty goodness" that imparted a flavor that is worth Yelping about.  Served sizzling and with a slightly charred exterior,  this is what steak is all about.  Simply delicious.
Dessert 1:  Fresh berries with cream was my wife's choice.  Served in a large martini glass, this was a good looking dessert.  Diabetics be warned as I think the cream is mixed with condensed milk as it is slightly thicker than heavy cream and way sweeter. 
Dessert 2: Based on our server's recommendation, I opted for the creme brûlée.   I normally go for a chocolate dessert or a cheesecake, but this creme brûlée was done up right.  Real specks of vanilla bean were strewn throughout and the caramelized sugar on top was perfect.  (Another missed opportunity to lick the plate).
The thing that tied everything together was our server Joe.  Joe, aside from being a great server, was just an overall good dude.  He seemed to instantly "read" his clients and I could see and hear the subtle nuances at each of his tables.  His recommendations were spot on and he truly made this a memorable experience.
The floor manager also checked on us twice during our meal.  It was a nice touch without being overly intrusive.  Can't wait to go back and try to tackle the 42 oz Porterhouse for two.....with some help of course..Probably the best steak I've ever had at a restaurant.
That really doesn't mean much though, since this was my first high-end steakhouse I've ever been to (which is kinda sad). Whenever I've thought about going to one, I'd ask myself whats the point in spending $45 on an al a carte steak when I can go to Fogo and get all-you-can-eat steak along with sides to boot?
I ordered the ribeye, which was cooked perfectly and had some great natural flavor/. Everyone else was satisfied with their steaks, although one at the table was over-cooked. The sides were nothing special, but then again all we ordered was asparagus, mushrooms and mashed potatoes.Came here to celebrate my dad's birthday and we were all sorely disappointed. The food was underwhelming, overpriced and service was lacking. To begin, the greens we were served in the mixed green salad had been clearly prepared in advance and then refrigerated bc they were wilted and sad. I felt like I was at a big box restaurant like Olive Garden -  or what I assume people experience at those types of places, but with better ingredients. Arugula instead of iceberg and romaine. Yikes. The server didn't greet us for 10 minutes, and when he came to take our order, he interrupted us in between getting everyone's order to go talk to someone else and returned 5 minutes later to finish taking our order. We ordered a bottle of champagne as an aperitif, they brought the bottle and left it sitting there for 10 minutes without coming to uncork it or serve the bottle. I can go on and on about the lack of service, but I think you get the gist. As for the food, it was disappointing. I used to eat at Ruth's when I was in high school and enjoyed it very much. I think it's time to move on to a different steak house. Mr. Johns on St. Charles perhaps?Unfortunately, we had to wait over an hour and a half for our table that we reserved (just a table for 2). We were told that we would be compensated for the wait and proceeded to order food, which also took an enormous amount of time to the extent that we actually had it boxed up to go because of how late it was. When we received our bill, we were charged the full amount. After having to speak with yet another manager (who was incredibly apologetic and kind), we were told that the bill was a mistake and at that time our meal was largely discounted due to the delays. We then proceeded to check out, but even that took about another 15 minutes! When we finally got home to eat our food, it was okay. It's hard to leave a review like this because I understand that the holiday season can be busy, but it will be a while before we return.We had lunch reservation at 1130AM for my birthday. 
Michele was are waitress and she was so kind. 
We started off with the Spicy Lobster Appetizer. Yummy. So soft and seasoned so well. It comes with a mini cucumber Salad which was very refreshing. 
My hubby had the 20oz Rib Eye. I had one bite and it melted in my mouth. He really enjoyed. He said it was one of the best he has had in a long time. 
I had the shrimp and crab salad. So fresh and the shrimp were really big! I couldn't even finish it. Loved the dressing. 
We finished with the cheesecake with blueberry topping. We finished that in 2 minutes. Very light and fluffy!
We had a great time. Definitely make an early reservation as I've heard it gets very packed for dinner. They still have the same menu for lunch! We will be back again.Went here with my husband on Valentine's Day. They burnt my steak and the waitress ended up insulting me when I tried to complain. Definitely would not recommend this restaurant! Spend your money somewhere else.Not one to complain or write reviews, but I must do so on this one. Happy Hour at Ruth Chris, seated at table but waited for 10 minutes to get table cleared & cleaned. Waiter took forever, awful service. Waiter rude and inconsiderate. He came to the table and told us we had to leave by 7pm because he had a reservation. Food delicious but the entire Experience was AWFUL! Not HappyI came here for a work lunch and left stuffed and happy.  The table split fried calamari and seared ahi tuna.  The calamari was fantastic and as someone who doesn't like tuna, I sure gobbled that tuna up quickly.  I had the sample plate (I can't remember what it's called) as an entree.  It had a 4 oz filet, a small chicken breast roasted and stuffed with cheese, and a crab cake.  The filet was melt-in-your-mouth perfect.  The chicken was juicy and full of flavor.  And the crab cake was lots of crab with just enough cake to hold it together.  The whole meal was delicious.I'm pretty surprised at the bad reviews (comparatively) this Ruth's Chris is getting.  This place was exactly the same as every other Ruth's Chris which is what you want when the food and service are excellent.  The steaks are as good if not better than a Morton's/Donovan's and about 2/3 the price.  The steaks are drizzled in butter, so for the person complaining that each bite of steak had to have the fat dabbed off is missing the point.  The steaks are cooked in just a couple of ingredients designed to let the meat dominate the taste.  And you absolutely cannot get the quality of meat at a grocery store that they use.  I absolutely recommend coming here to remind yourself what beef is supposed to taste like.What can I really say about Ruth Chris. They have very good steaks, The service is always spot on. I do find it to be a little more expensive for the amount of food you get but you are paying for the atmosphere.  I have been to the one in Connecticut and the one in New Orleans I have to say the one here in New Orleans had a bit of a louder crowd and was less intimate than I was hopeing for on the night I went.I'd like to spare you the fine details and just say this; if you're looking for an amazing streak with impeccable service,  then this is the place for you!  Scale from 1-10 is a 10!  Service is outstanding and with an over the top southern hospitality feel!  Baby included in every sentence!  Thank you Ruth Chris for making this a great experience no mater what city I'm in!!! 
I will never stray!Great bar ! Food safety and cross contamination not a concern for bartender. Coughed in his hand, scratch face and failed to wash his hands after this. He proceeded to touch plates, glassware and bar fruit with his hands. Feel awkward complaining about this to mgr. ,  so I will passive aggressively write a review about it. Love the place itselfI'm not sure why the address is off on other reviews but this one is for the one in Harrah's hotel. And, there are only two in New Orleans.  My wife said the crab cakes were the best she'd ever had. She isn't easily impressed so that's a solid endorsement. My filet was very good as well. The service was good and I'd certainly go back next time I stay at eh Harrah's property.I dined tonight with a friend. We made reservations and arrived about 5 minutes prior to our time. In total, we waited 30+ minutes before finally being told a table was "literally being set" for us. During the 30+ minutes we waited to be seated, we saw several parties of two sat before us. These parties came after us from what we could tell. In addition, to add insult to injury, a party of 4 that came after us and was also waiting were brought 4 glasses of wine as a compensation for waiting. Imagine our surprise when we were not offered the same deal. Finally, after we made a comment, we received two complimentary glasses of wine and later a free dessert. We found this out because we were sat right next to them. Really???
Upon being seated, dinner was divine!
The front desk needs to get it straight because it's ridiculous to wait an additional 30 minutes when you have a reservation.Sat outside on a Monday evening. Good shade and nice breeze. The atmosphere was very welcoming. Our servers were very polite and made sure our glasses were full and bread was on the table. I ordered the ribeye with mashed potatoes. It was the best steak I have had in a very long time. The mashed potatoes were amazing as well. My wife got the BBQ shrimp plate, and that was phenomenal as well. The BBQ shrimp is more of a light sauce and zesty than what you'd normally expect from a BBQ dish, but it wasn't disappointing. Love this place! They will get my business again soon!We gave it a try since we stayed at near by. Onion soup very mediocre.  barbecue shrimp are excellent. Veal ravioli were good. We expected much more.The Cowboy Ribeye, Lobster Mac and Cheese, and  Stella Artois is an amazing combination.Ruth Chris experience. Friday the 13th in more than one way. I made a reservation for two at 8:30pm and planned for a big night. We're we ever wrong. We started off at the bar where this guy tells us, "oh you can't  sit there". So we waited until our table was ready. Once available we were walking forever, all the way tucked in the very back last seats of the restaurant. Basically a place where no one would like to sit. We sat down with the air conditioning blowing directly at us. Talk about a distraction at 50 degrees. Your significant other would more than freeze. We sat there waiting for 20 minutes before a server came to say hello. We ordered drinks which took forever to receive. We finally had our server come back to take our orders. I ordered a medium well filet and my wife ordered a well done salmon. You could tell the service was poor from the amount of people waiting aimlessly. We should have just walked out. The night mare continued. We ordered a Caesar salad and split it, we had one crouton it was not what you would expect. We waited for about 20 more minutes when a bus boy said, oh I'm sorry would you like some bread? We shook our heads and thanked him. Typically bread comes well before as we noticed other tables having bread delivered right after being seated. We have a bite of the bread which was cold. Again typically bread is usually warm or hot out of the oven. Ours was cold and hard as a rock. Our dinner finally arrived. My wife selected the Salmon, only one problem, it came with barbecued shrimp. She's allergic to shell fish. So the plate went back as she waited for another. For my filet mignon it was supposed to be medium well, not medium rare. It didn't take long before the salmon came back. Pretty quick actually. We found out why, it was raw in the middle after consuming a bite. My wife lost her appetite after that. We sat there thinking us this really happening? We asked for the manager who listened to our experience. She thought my wife had her salmon. The manager comped our dessert. My wife wanted something with chocolate, so she ordered the lava cake her favorite. 10 minutes later our server came back to say they were out of lava cake. This should have been known ahead of time. At this point the manager should have comped the entire dinner. It was the worst experience we have ever had at a Ruth Chris or restaurant for that matter. It definitely ruined our night out. We went back to our room and will try again tomorrow night, very disappointedBest tasting steak around. Yum yum yummy. Everytime I go my steak is cooked to perfection. Love the asparagus, mac n lobster, every potato dish, and the cosmopolitans are perfect. It doesn't get any better than this. A must try for all!!Great food, worse service than a truck stop Mcdonalds. They neglected to bring salads to two people in my party. I asked 5 different servers for a coke and was forgotten 4 times. One girl who worked there flat out ignored my father when he asked for water. There are several people in my party who didn't receive their appetizers and drinks before the entrees. Awful service. Awful.I don't really see what all the hype is about this place.  I went with family on 9/22/2012-
We had crab cakes, seared ahi tuna and stuffed mushrooms for an appetizer and I found those the best part of the meal. They were probably the best stuffed mushrooms I have ever had and the same for the Ahi Tuna. However, I was not a fan of the crab cakes which seemed to almost be frozen crab cakes. Considering this is New Orleans, I would say the worst  I've had in our city. 
I ordered a filet Oscar style but instead of a crab cake I just asked for crab meat.  Don't get me wrong the steak was good but not spectacular. I didn't expect it to come in a piping hot plate covered in butter. It seemed as thought they broiled it in the plate they served it to me in. The topping was very flavorful but nothing to rave about. The steak (the actual meat) which didn't have much flavor and was well done on the outside and rare on the inside even though I ordered is medium rare. My mother isn't a big steak person so she ordered a lobster and said it was so dry that she took one bite and left the rest.
The sides were... well typical. Our table split the baby spinach, baked potato and sauteed mushrooms and they weren't anything that would make me say "Oh I need to eat that again"
We split a chocolate sin, Crème Brûlée and Fresh Seasonal Berries
with Sweet Cream. They were pretty good but typical pre-ordered desserts.
I would have to say the best part of this dining experience was the appetizers and our waiter Joseph was very good. 
Bottom line, I won't be returning. I've had far better steaks for half the price at Me Me's in Chalmette (you can see my reviews on them)This used to be the best steak in the city, then I tried Mr. John's and La Boca.  This is definitely subpar compared to those two.Love this place. We went here on Wednesday and loved it as usual. 
We were sat just moments before a big party and the staff had no problems with taking care of us and the big party. 
My son loved his steak as did my girlfriend. I ordered the bone in filet and thought it was exceptional. 
This place is on my list of best steakhouses in New Orleans along with Desi Vega, LaBoca and Obriens on the westbank.You can't go wrong with Ruth's Chris!  The steak and my salmon was awesome!   The bread and sides were amazing!   The Cakebread Chardonnay was so great!I was a bit disappointed with this meal.  It was Christmas day so they were not serving the regular lunch menu.  All tables were reserved so we sat at a bar table.  The location of the table was right by the bar area where waiters pick up their drinks and enter their orders into the computers.  It was not a good location for a table.
Since there was limited menu and we did not want big steaks for lunch, mom and I both ordered the onion soup.  I know it was Christmas day and the restaurant was busy but it took something like 20 minutes to get the soup.  And it was in a tiny cup for $15!  Really!!???  Normally when you order onion soup, you get it in a crock or a big bowl and its good sized portion.  Not this time.  It was very flavorful but the size was pathetic.
Since the soup was so small and did not fill us up, we both had the banana cream pie.  Now this was good.  This was a huge portion of your own mini pie.  Lots of bananas and cream filling.  
So not the best meal I have had and I normally like Ruth's Chris.  But with it being Christmas day, I am sure that threw things off.  I definitely would try again.Today was our best experience at Ruth's far and away. From Langston's Hughes poetry and impeccable service, to the succulent filets (my wife moaned), we were delightfully surprised. Made for an eventful anniversary lunch.Food was great but bad service
I hate paying so much money to eat out and get no service
Makes me not want to go back just because you sit at a table for so long without a waiter 
It will be awhile before I consider going back due tomorrow the service 
I might pickup my food to go instead of dining in too since I loved the food
I hate to not tip someone but I felt disrespected at the restaurantRegular travelers (and patrons of RC) from DC metro area that were in New Orleans for work. We ordered two filets and sea bass. 
Filet 1 was ordered medium rare and came out medium well.
Filet 2 was 25 percent fat-both returned. 
Manager nor chef came to table to apology. There was no comp on meal except for steak returned and 25 0 percent off 2nd filet.
Service was polite but the manager, no apology (from manager) is shameful. 
Ruth Chris- for $300 tab and 5 star prices-we expect service to match-1 star, avoid this place-it resembles a loud and dirty bar.I had a dang good steak!!!  The loaded baked potato was just right with the right amount of toppings.  The southwestern Mac and cheese was good to the last bite.  My steak was tender and juicy and I could eat another one it was sooo good!!A New Orleans made chain that still serves some of the best steaks in the world with the signature sizzle. This location is nice but would have preferred that they not have left the mothership on Broad Street. They offer one a great dinner deal which won't hurt your wallet for that special occasion. Im sure you can find just as good a steak from one of our local steakhouses but Ruth's is still Ruth's.This was my first and only experience at Ruth's Chris. I've been told prior that this location was on of the best in the country. So far, my experiences in New Orleans have shown me that, generally, service is more "lax" and things tend to take longer than elsewhere. Ruth's was the biggest culprit of this I'd say, which was almost most surprising. Our waiter lacked charisma and very inattentive. Top the experience with over-priced food and beer ($6/bottle of Bud Light) and you have a negative experience. I felt my $60 steak was closer to $20. That was the consensus with the table. The experienced Ruth's Chris diner made note that this location had gone downhill since his previous visits and was worse than the other locations he's been. 
Let's say I learned my lesson and still prefer cooking my own steak.My T-bone was huge, well seasoned and cooked, but was way too fatty and salty.  I love salty fat as much as the next guy, but it over took the steak's other flavors.Was really looking forward to Ruth's in NOLA but sub par food was terribly disappointing.  Had to send steak back twice.Great steak and service. Also awesome wine list this is a must place to eat in a city full of beer and daiquiris!!So, this review starts with some caveats: 1) I am a pescatarian and therefore deny myself the panoply of roasted meats Ruth's offers; 2) when I was an omniovore, the Ruth's style of "steakery" was not my fave-I find the super-heated butter gives off a metallic tang for which I don't care; 3)the top 100 steaks I've had in my life were all prepared by my father save for #97 , and entrecote avec frites at Le Polidor in Paris, so I never was the target  audience.
    All this said, my sweetheart  Paige and I were happy to join her sister & brother-in-law for a birthday dinner that was, most importantly, fun.
     The service was for the most part, very good premium steakhouse style, with a few hiccups. I had  a pleasant tomato bisque that was nevertheless just a notch above mid level chain restaurant in flavor. My seared tuna was quite good, though I deduct points for a mediocre bearnaise. My gal loved her lobster bisque and was very happy with her steak, but since she mostly eats my red meat cooking, I wonder if it was a "reunited and it feels so good" moment. I felt the sides, for which so many people celebrate Ruth's, were wan and unimpressive (my potatoes au gratin and my girl's asparagus were b-list at best The birthday girl absolutely loved her tuna appetizer which was the whole reason we were at Ruth's, so who am I to kvetch?
     Ultimately, I have to grade on price point  and there are just too many restaurants in New Orleans where what we spent would have purchased toe-curling delights with change to spare.Excellent customer service!! Food was greatrecommend everyone to try them out. I had a T-bone steak well with shrimp everything was really goodI got the Porterhouse for Two shared it with someone else. It was worth the $86!!! Best steak I've eaten. Also ordered the crab cakes as an appetizer, creamed spinach and potatoes au gratin as sides to go with the steak. Creamed spinach was the best! You will never want to eat a steak anywhere elseOne of my favorite restaurants for the good Steak  that they do and also do a great job with the dessert like créeme brûlée  just deliciousSteak cooked perfect. Sweet potato awesome  decorated our table for our anniversary  and a complimentary dessert   Our server was great and took care of us  thanks for the romantic dinner on our 25th anniversaryThis is possible the best steak I have ever had. The service was incredible from the hostess to the servers. The banana cream pie is to die for. Prices are high, but I do not mind paying it for these level of food and service.Small Ruth Chris but very good. They have a reasonable deal for $55 that has an app, steak, a side, and dessert. Frankly it's the best deal I've ever seen among high end steakhouses. The filet was really good. Usually not a fan of the broiling butter Ruth Chris does but with the filet it's great. Don't panic if your steak is under cooked. Just slice it into thin slices and let it cook from the boiling plate it's served on.Great location downtown and nice outdoor seating in Fulton Square. The tuna appetizer is exceptional. RCS does a consistent, very good med-rare filet. A common place for pre and post Saints games and nice happy hour spot.I love this place,the service is always great,food always amazing,Ruth's Chris never disappoints me!!I love love love this place for its cheesecake!!!  This location is a little hard for parking if you are running in to pick up an order of food. You'll have to get someone to keep making the block while you go to the bar area to order, when wait for about 10 minutes to get the cheesecake. But it Worth it. 
I just wish they have an area for you to sit while waiting and will take phone orders also.Best spot for steak! Great service and atmosphere. Get the cowboy ribeye you wont be dissapointed!On Sunday night, my friend and I got a two person table in the bar area with no reservations, so we were thrilled with that. We were getting together to catch up and relax and we stayed for three hours and never felt pressured to give up the table. I had the crab cakes and Brussels sprouts. Besides the Brussel sprouts I cook, these were absolutely the best Brussel sprouts I've ever had. Highly recommend!!!Well I got talked into the filet steak special. I thought I was eating liver. The flavor was awful   My husband had the stuffed chicken breast and it was so dry I saw dust flying.  Seriously, this place went downhill from the times I have eaten here before. The happy hour patrons are so loud my ears hurt. Could not wait to leave.  Sad to see a great place wastedWorst customer service EVER!!! Please be aware of Lee ( the bartender), the was extremely rude, had a bad attitude, and did not acknowledge us the whole time we were there. We waited over 25 min to get our drinks and she spent the whole time sitting down talking to her friends instead of doing her job and assisting customers.Absolutely delicious and always reliable...This is the place to dine for a full-bodied, consistently good meal. While expensive, I've never left feeling shortchanged.Had a lunch party of 10 ladies yesterday.  We all really enjoyed all of the food.  Our waiter was great but I must say the bar service was seriously lacking, mainly speed.  We met at the bar first and I really couldn't believe how long we each had to wait for this bartender.  He seemed really disconnected and just SLOW.  When we went to the table, the long wait for drinks continued. It was clear that it was not our waiter's fault though.  As for the food, we all mostly ordered steaks and everyone loved them.  I had the petit filet (cooked perfectly) which was accompanied by grilled shrimp, all delicious.  The mixed grill was very popular too and was praised by all.  Wedge salad was delicious as well! Asparagus and potatoes lyonnaise were just ok.  Baked potatoes were good.  Creme brulee good.  Oh, and do not miss the banana dessert!  It was awesome!
Just please address the bar issue!!Where do I start?  We are frequent visitors of Ruth's  Chris Steak House and we usually have a great experience! However, our visit for our anniversary dinner in New Orleans was far from good experience.  Our food was just mediocre.., the veggies were dowsed in butter so much that they were not enjoyable. Also, my side dish didn't even arrive until I finished my main course, and I wasn't even interested in eating it any long. The Server apologized and stayed that he would remove it from our check, but that did not happen. Also... while eating our salads, we had a panhandler visit our table, along with other table, begging for money. What!!!???  Not cool!!! When we brought it to the Server's attention, he wasn't that concerned but he did say something to the manager. The manager eventually approached the panhandler and after a few minutes walked away, but the panhandler stayed around for at least 15 - 20 minutes linger then eventually left.  And... we made the reservations about 2 weeks in advance, yet we were sat at a table in the bar area, which was loud and not appealing to say the least!  Oh well... no excuses for the Applebee's atmosphere at a $200 cost.I had a rib eye, lobster, and creamed spinach. The service was okay. I had to box my own to go food after spending over 100 on myself alone. There are other places in Nola to eat like chop house and Doris with better service and meat quality. I've had a good experience here last time. I've came back today and it was a big miss. The price should match the service /food. Do yourself a favor and read the reviews below from others.This is a chain restaurant. Many children in the bar area... People in their pajamas. Poor service!Why yes, the steak is GREAT, but when you are in NOLA you want it all. I came for a friend's birthday and I found the staff to be pushy and not appreciative that we weren't spending the big bucks--we are all freelancers after all. I was thankful for an excellent wine pairing with my meal and it's in a fun place downtown so you can park on the street at night and take in the city.My first time here. It was amazing. The server was very sweet and friendly. I ordered the Hurricane and Blueberry Mojito to drink. Both were very tasty! I also ordered the lobster bisque, lobster macaroni and cheese & ribeye. All were packed with flavor. This is a must try.What has happened to Ruths Chris?  The one in Beverly Hills was good this one in New Orleans not so good!   I hope all the chains aren't heading this way?  Down hill!   The food use to be good??  Now when I go I will no longer order appetizers,  just entrees and sides!  
9/3/2015 New Orleans location:
Lobster bisque: gross, took one bite and threw the rest out.  Way too much sherry!
Crab cakes: undercooked, two bites was all I ate 
7/2015 New Orleans location:
-Stuffed mushrooms: horrible, if they have a bis quick for the crabmeat stuffing this is it, gross!!!
-boyfriend said steak was good 
-sweet potato casserole: Delish 
- salmon, tastes good (not good quality though, see below)
4/8/2015 New Orleans location:  I went to Ruth's a couple months ago and I was shocked that the salmon is farm raised!!!!  I expect wild, fresh salmon from an "establishment" like Ruth's!  This is 2015 WAKE UP CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS PRONTOSo Saturday night out. First time in New Orleans & I just wanted a steak for dinner. I wanted something in walking distance because parking can be really crazy here. I looked it up in my GPS & it said 3 seconds away. haha I thought, perfect!
I find the place, no problem. Walk to the hostess stand greeted right away and I asked if they had outdoor dining, they did so the hostess brought me to the table. After sitting down probably five minutes later the server/waitress greeted me asked for my drink order the usual. I was starving so I ordered a salad right away. My coke was brought to me right away and my water was filled. 
When I am out to eat I cannot help but notice my surroundings, especially when I am dining alone. 
When I received my salad I still had not gotten bread  yet but the two tables that sat down after me had. So I requested it, by the time I was through with my salad the bread arrived, and no I do not eat fast. I also noticed that when the server took my order she then turned around and took two more tables orders before she went and entered mine in, I know this because she never left the patio. During this period of time a table that was seated further back waited, and waited eventually they got up and left. 20 minutes later my steak arrived. A lot of tables sat around with dirty plates on the table and well, I drank all my water and the glass stayed empty until I paid the bill. I did not want to keep asking for things that should be automatic in any restaurant not just a 'fine-dining establishment' also, Ruth's Chris is very well known and most people know what to expect when dining here. My coke was empty and I could not keep eating my steak with no beverage, so I waited. During this time my server asked how everything was, a manager came over and asked how everything was and then another manager came over and asked how everything was and he left his card. You're probably thinking I should have ASKED for another coke, but why should I have to? Finally my server returned and asked if I wanted another 'diet-coke' (I was drinking regular) AH I didn't care I just wanted something to drink. It's Nola, & it's hot outside. She did bring me diet, I continued to eat my steak and noticed that one table flagged down a busboy/backwaiter and asked if they could order drinks. Another man actually got up to get our server to take an order. I am not really sure if she was the one to blame. She did have the entire patio section on a Saturday night where there was 20ish tables out there. Maybe management should have noticed that she was overly-busy or the hostess.
When the server came back the second time, she brought me a regular coke. I just laughed. Maybe I shouldn't have been paying so much attention to all the other customers but I was just wondering is it just me, or everyone outside?
The table behind me ate dessert with the dinner plates still on the table. The table in front of me received dessert as well as the one behind me and across from me, but never received dessert menus. Was it free dessert night and I missed out? Bummer. I was never asked if I wanted dessert, coffee nothing. The bill was just dropped on my table. 
As I was paying out, four more tables were sat on the patio in a 10 minute span. hah I just wanted to get out of there. I felt bad for the server because she couldn't do much about the situation. Management when they were out there would walk by and say "Hi" to tables, but never really paid attention with busing or refilling of any sort.
A food runner (I believe) named Lexington, Ludington something like that was really sweet and even came back a second time to ask how my food was.
By the time I left I counted the tables with guests (not with the bill dropped) she had 14, that could be why. Getting guests in the seat is important, but isn't good service and getting them to come back? It IS better to say that you are booked/full or on a wait than to give bad service.
FOOD: 5 stars across the board. That's why I wanted to go there. I knew it would be good.
Next time I will drive, pay to park, walk farther. Whatever for better service. Or maybe get food to go if possible? I was considering going to Dicky Brennan's Steakhouse but opted out, next time I won't.I normally love eating here, but this time was a terrible let down! The lobster appetizer was fantastic, and we had a wonderful Tempranillo blend, but both of our steaks were salted so heavily we couldn't finish them, and ended up scraping off the thick layer of seasoning and just taking the rest home. Probably won't be back again for a good while, as a good steak isn't too hard to come by in a city like New Orleans.Who could possibly know at these prices they can't afford to refill propane tanks or fix the broken heaters outside? But we weren't told any of this when we were seated.  And the female manager when we spoke with her, a useless individual. Guess that's why their ratings are lower than their Metairie counterpartI had the fish here like 3 months ago and honestly it changed my life. I've been dreaming about it ever since. Drinks were on point. Dessert was sinful. Best bread ever. Waiter cracked jokes and was super sweet and polite. Coming back soon!Disappointing!  First a 45 minute wait for a party of four with a reservation. Then a wait for a chance to order drinks.  Drinks arrive and our waiter, who was never seen again.  When his replacement, who was very capable, finally arrived we were able to order.  Bread was cold and very ordinary.  Decent soup and salads.  Three of our group had filets and they were pleased.  I ordered a strip steak very rare.  It was cooked as ordered, but very poor quality meat.  No flavor, lots of gristle.  All the steaks were under seasoned.  Fresh ground pepper not offered or on the table.  This was not a prime steak.  I get better steak at Costco, not to mention The Palm.  Sides were adequate.  The bill for four was $400 with one bottle of private label Cabernet, no drinks, no desert.  Very poor value considering the hit or miss service and food quality.  The dining room was extremely loud making conversation difficult.Ruth's used to be my absolute favorite steak house to visit. Unfortunately, time has not been kind to the old girl, making her less and less relevant (ie delicious) and more and more high maintenance (ie expensive).
At an impromptu dinner last night while visiting the Miracle on Fulton Street, I had a wilted salad, gristly filet and just ok creamed spinach. In years past, I would have devoured every bite, damning the calories along the way. This time, I returned half of my food to the kitchen with complaints and got nothing for it but an extremely large bill.
Be sure to check the prices on wine and don't just order a house. The house pinot grigio set me back $17 a GLASS!  Two of the prixe-fixe dinners at $49/each, 3 cocktails and one glass of wine came in at $150.  
I dont mind spending money on an excellent dining experience, but the best thing about this meal was the view of the Christmas lights.Went there for some type of after-hours event with Ciroc? Chris Paul? (Not sure) Essence weekend.  It was my first time dining at Ruth Chris.  I wasn't impressed.  The chicken was actually better than the steak! The drinks of course were great and top shelf.  But that's it!!!!! Oh wait, it was free too.   I will not be returning to Ruth Chris in any city unless it's an event like the one I went to in NOLA.  :)It's okay honestly. It's not bad but the food isn't great! The food is...good. The service was great. We were sat next to an extremely loud party of who I'm guessing decided to have their company Kris Kringle at Ruth Chris's? So forget about ambience. At some point I thought I was at a sports bar. I had the "Ruth Chris classic". A a Caesar salad,  6oz steak, 3 shrimp, and garlic mashed potatoes. Also a desert. Everything was good and filing. I'm not here to bad mouth the restaurant, it's just not that impressive to me. The food isn't to die for, sorry, Not for those prices. The whole night just seems a bit overrated but "to each his own".I've been to Ruth's a few times  over the years, but to my recollection, this was the first time I'd been for lunch.  I don't work nearby and it's never top of mind when looking for a lunch place, but we popped in there for a late lunch yesterday, and by late, I mean they had switched to the dinner menu already, but just by asking, they switched over and accommodated us by bringing out the lunch menu (and more importantly, the lunch pricing).  
The lobster bisque was delicious (as always) and I also chose a pepper steak salad, which is actually not even offered on the dinner menu, so I was quite pleased.  In addition to the regular salad dressing selections, there was an option for a remoulade dressing which paired with the steak beautifully.   It was so good I may never use regular salad dressing again after that!  
The service was impeccable and the cocktails were not lightly poured just because it was lunch either ;).   This location has a nice ambience for being in the heart  of busy downtown.  Its location on Fulton Square  provides a large courtyard for outdoor seating in nice weather and beautiful views of the Christmas display complete with fake snow fall at Christmastime.  Oh, don't forget if you park in Harrah's lot, bring your parking ticket with you and they will validate it.  
A note to meeting and event planners or those looking to host a private party: this location has a rather large private room all the way in the back.  I don't know maximum capacity, but my company uses it about 4x a year for a seated dinner for approx 50 people and there's plenty of room for both guests and wait staff to cleanly navigate the room.I went recently with a small group and was seated in the newer addition with all the windows - section I hate. I always feel like I am being shuffled below to steerage when I am sat in this section. I may start requesting that I not be sat there.
The first table we were sat at had a dirty dish on the table and a collection of trash on the floor. The table was also broken, so we moved to an adjacent table. The dirty dish was removed, but the proliferation of trash remained under adjacent table for the 1.25 hours we were there while staff continued to walk past. 
The food was good though. I enjoyed my meal.Went during EMS Expo week. Service was sooo slow! I realize that people like to take their time but 2 1/2 hours later I was DONE. Food was ok. I expected a 45.00 steak to blow my mind...I couldn't be more disappointed....Born NOLA, first and last visit Ruth would roll over in her grave to see what they are doing.We sat at the bar and service was good. We both had the steak filet, au gratin potatoes, and the aviator drink. The restaurant has booths with curtains for privacy. Definitely make a reservation if you do not want to sit at the bar on weekends.My birthday is this weekend so i spent the day with myself and played tourist in my city. I have been craving a steak so i opted for this location. I sat at the bar and the place was fairly empty...thank God. Lol. My bartender, Randall, was really friendly and helped me map out my lunch plan. The website lists a 3 course lunch for about $31 but unfortunately not at this location.
I ordered the mixed grill..a 6oz filet, chicken breast stuffed with cheese and a crab cake. I added a half caeser salad and baked potato...i know..a lot of food...dont judge me. Lol. Everything tasted really well..my only gripe is there were quite a few shells in my crab cake. Their prices can be a bit extreme but that was expected. I enjoyed my lunch here for the occasion.This is not good steak. 
Service isn't where it should be either.
Food doesn't seem to be appetizing here anymore.
Very mediocre.I normally love eating here, but this time was a terrible let down! The lobster appetizer was fantastic, and we had a wonderful Tempranillo blend, but both of our steaks were salted so heavily we couldn't finish them, and ended up scraping off the thick layer of seasoning and just taking the rest home. Probably won't be back again as a good steak isn't too hard to come by in a city like New Orleans.I frequent this location.  They are always so consistent with the quality of food.  I had the stuffed mushrooms, calamari, the chop salad, and the petit filet.  They were so good!  They also know how to make delectable libations!  I certainly recommend this location and will be going back in the near future.I wouldn't recommend. This is supposed to be a casual chain but I found it very overpriced and nothing special.Never disappoints. Petite filet every time. Hardest decision is what salad and side! Creamed spinach, sweet potato casserole, and iceberg wedge salad are among the best I've had!Party of three - we had a horrible experience and spent $160.42 trying to have a great experience.  Let's start with cleanliness. The booth we were in had dust or dirt on the wood trim in side our booth. It's the first booth to the left when you walk in.  Service - I really don't know what was going on but had at least three different Waiters come to our table.  All we needed was one really good one. We waited for ever on two glasses of champagne and one scotch, double neat no ice.  Appetizer's and salad came out but we had to request the extra blue cheese dressing again and more Parmesan cheese ( which was lumpy due to the humidity in New Orleans. They are not storing it properly) for lobster ravioli.  Last item served to us was three blue crab crab cakes.  They were too hot! About 500 degrees.  They tasted bland so we requested remoulade sauces which helped some, but I would never order again.  I have never had a bad experience at a Ruth Chris steak house and I have been to few of them in the world.
I would say thee location needs serious training from HQ before they destroy thee name.  We never made to any serious eating. We paid and left disappointed.This is certainly one of my favorite places for steak.  I know a lot of locals like some of the older steakhouses but this remains my favorite, albeit probably the priciest place in town for a steak.  However, I have never had a bad meal here and the service is always fantastic.  This is also a good place to get a pre-dinner drink if you are going to be downtown.  While the bar is very nice, I love sitting outside when the weather permits.Pricey, but worth it for a high-end night out. The food was excellent and the service was tops. We were seated on time and were treated as VIP's
The fillet was prepared to perfection. It was tasty and lean. The portions were overly generous. We split both the appetizer (Calamari) and our side dish and still had left overs.  
If you want to treat yourself, try the Duckhorn Merlot. It's a can't miss with steak and has a smooth, superb finish.Overrated place! The mozzarella tomato salad was not good and the bread pudding was disappointingThe food there is always great! I never had a bad experience! I love the lamb chops! I visit the New Orleans location quite often! The servers are very friendly & patient!It's Ruth's Chris, so I expected it to be excellent and it was. 
We had lunch reservations and had no wait to be seated. Service and food were both excellent. I ordered shoestring fries and they were very tasty, but hard to get out of the container without making a mess everywhere. Fortunately for me, I didn't have to clean after myself.
My Rib-eye Steak rare was perfect as expected...I went recently with a small group and was seated in the newer addition with all the windows - section I hate. I always feel like I am being shuffled below to steerage when I am sat in this section. I may start requesting that I not be sat there.
The first table we were sat at had a dirty dish on the table and a collection of trash on the floor. The table was also broken, so we moved to an adjacent table. The dirty dish was removed, but the proliferation of trash remained under adjacent table for the 1.25 hours we were there while staff continued to walk past. 
The food was good though. I enjoyed my meal.Had our Christmas party here this year.  The service was top notch, the food came out right on time, and the steak was HEAVENLY.  The sides were excellent.  Definitely worth the trip!They opened right on time for lunch. Very comfortable seating! Petite steak with shrimp, started with a salad, all were excellent.Ventured into many Ruth's Chris and this one is a mixed bag. The bartop service was good and so was the chopped salad and potato Au gratin. Sadly where it fell short was the steak...it was under seasoned. Nothing horseradish won't fix but the bone-in ribeye was not worth the price tag.Ok Ruth's Chris is consistently remarkable.  My hubby takes me here a few times a year and they are always on point.  The crabcakes are fluffy and sweet-no filler or breadcrumbs- and have the perfect hint of herbs and lemon.  The filet is always a melt in your mouth, eat slow so you can savor it, piece of heaven.  The drinks,  the ambiance, and the staff make this will worth the $$$ you must spend.  I live the private dining areas,  I'm not sure why one would need a curtain (maybe a little flirtation type encouragement for the cost of this place?) But it's nice.I gotta tell ya, not in love with RC.  My steak is never cooked right...I always order rare and it's always medium at best.  My mom on the other hand always orders medium to medium well, and it's always rare.  This may sound like a no-fuss situation, why don't we just trade?  Well, there are a few reasons...first, we order different cuts.  Second, I'M PAYING $50 FOR A STEAK, I SHOULDN'T HAVE TO SETTLE OR MAKE TRADES TO GET MY STEAK COOKED THE WAY I ORDERED!  Also, the sides, while delicious, are often cold leading me to imagine there's a stack of pre-dished sides in the back just waiting to go out, and the only reason the dish is hot is because it was stuck under the salamander for a few.  That being said, the appetizers are always amazing as are the desserts.  Don't pass up a chance to get the ahi tuna appetizer or blueberry cheesecake for dessert.  I do like the ambiance and the bar is decent.  They have a pretty decent wine selection and their craft cocktails are pretty tasty. 
Mediocre review aside, the service is second to none.  The staff is always friendly and attentive; always willing to make recommendations and go out of their way to accommodate special requests.  I've never waited or had to ask repeatedly for a drink refill or cocktail from the bar.  And, one thing I love, they tend to remember repeat customers, which always makes me feel welcome.I absolutely love this place, my favorite dish is the stuffed chicken with the mash potatoes and side salad. Not to mention I'm also crazy about the lobster Mac and cheese. The service is always wonderful. I love the atmosphere and of course it's next to the one and only Harrahs casino. I will always call this place my favorite.I am a foodie, but don't like pretentious, overly complicated foods. That said, this was probably the best meal I have ever had.   I ordered the three course meal for $45. My companion had the same thing, but with a larger steak for $55. The beet and goat cheese salad was absolutely divine. The waiter was kind enough to discover the specific brand of cheese for me because it was so perfect. His Caesar salad was well done, crisp with just the right amount of dressing. 
My filet was a perfect medium rare. I like a sauce on my steaks, so even though the flavor without was excellent, I tried their green peppercorn sauce. It didn't mask the flavor at all, but it enhanced it perfectly, adding a layer that I had to close my eyes to savor. It was luxury on a fork. He destroys his steak before eating it by having it cooked well done, but said it was delicious and still very render. 
Dessert was the flourless chocolate cake with berries in sweet cream. Oh, my dear sweet Heaven on a plate, it was divine. If I had to imagine what God's favorite food is, this was it. 
Service was impeccable, as is expected at this caliber of a restaurant. Our server, Joe, went above and beyond. He discussed foodie favorites with me, but never imposed. Our water glasses were filled, my wine was smooth and velvety, and this was the best dining experience we had in New Orleans. That includes beignets. Seriously.A little while ago, I learned that Ruth Chris' was founded in NOLA so I came to town and had to try it. 
Service was spectacular as usual and the food tasted as good as usual. From the bread, the sides, the services, to the value-for-the-price, they don't disappoint. 
A big cheers to our waiter Jefferey, he was awesome!The atmophere is very classy. The food/drinks  are over priced. My husband ordered the kobe beef ribeye($50) and it didnt have much flavor.  Its a shame because they want you to add a topping, blue cheese, etc  and this tells me they are not emphasing the taste of the actual meats. A real steak house would not want you to mask the flavor of the beef right?   Ruths chris has a name and thats it, their reputation has gone down and down over the years.We regularly go to the Ruth's Chris in St. Louis and figured New Orleans being their birth place the steaks would be incredible. Well, they were not. This location needs to learn from the St. Louis locations. The appetizers were wonderful. The gumbo was great except the rice wasn't fully cooked and crunchy. The steaks came out, looked great then after getting 3-4 bites in found both mine and my fathers steaks were raw toward the center (we ordered them medium rare). After sending them back to be cooked they returned at the proper temperature. But at this point now the side dishes were cold.... The saving grace was the server was very pleasant.Let me preface by saying this is my first trip to Ruth Chris. 
After being hyped up by friends and colleagues I was very disappointed.
I ordered a Greek Salad and what I got was chopped lettuce with a small amount of feta cheese and ONE Olive? Come On!!!
Then our steaks came ( my friend ordered the exact same Filet) his was big thick and   cooked to temp, mine looked like a dogs chew toy. It came in 3 pieces and was much smaller than my friends filet and was not cooked to temp. As a matter of fact one piece was medium, one piece was med well and the smallest piece was well done. 
How can any so called "High Class" steak house send out two completely different filets to the same table? At this point I was pissed! 
I waited for the waiter to return but he was too worried about taking care of the 8 Top next to us. By the time he returned my friend had finished his dinner and I had finished my green bean casserole ( the only thing good about the whole meal)
Even though the manager came over and gave me a $40 credit on my steak I'm still very disappointed.This was my second visit to a Ruth Chris Steak House and it will definitely be a last. Each visit has been the same, overpriced food, overcooked steak and under service. I would recommend to anyone, when you are traveling and looking for a good steak, ask the locals where they go I am sure you will be happier, pleased with your experience and still have something leftover for dessert.Sat at the bar on Saturday evening....super service from the bartenders...and of course food was excellent as always at a Ruth Chris. Great company visit the other patrons at the bar also. Great time..thanks y'all!!Totally new staff and the food is still up to R c standards. Great drinks finals of NBA On.   Nothing better than good food drinks and atmosphere to top it off.I am here for a Christmas luncheon. The host planned this in June. The service is horrible. We have been here for 3 hours and our desert just got here and it's the wrong desert. They said sometimes for large parties they substitute the deserts. This was ordered 6 months ago. I can't believe they would just decide to change the desert without consulting the host. We were here 15 minutes before we were ever offered a glass of water. Coffee is included in the meal and we had to go find someone to get us coffee. Unbelievable.Ruth Chris is my boyfriend's favorite restaurant so we went there for his birthday this visit to New Orleans. This Ruth Chris was exceptional. The food was so good that we went there twice that week. We got the Porter House the first day and it was cooked perfect. What made this experience more  amazing was how everyone who worked there made us feel. We flew in from NC and dressed in casual clothing and the  people still  treated us with the same respect as everyone else. 
         My boyfriend kept raving about Renee. She wasn't our server but she would check on us and made sure we were taken care of. She also remembered us the second time we went back. Our server Jennifer the first time was friendly and then our second trip server Joe was so funny and knowledgeable. The manager Lindsay came out and checked on us and made sure we were happy. We would definitely come back again next time we visit New Orleans since we usually stay at Harrah's casino.I'm one of those folks who comes to Chris' 'just because'. No birthdays, graduations or anything else. My sons love it.  My wife is not a steak eater. For years, because of a disability, I've always ask the waitress to have my steak sliced by the kitchen staff before it comes to the table. Never had a problem having that done downtown, Metairie or even on Broad St back in the day.  But about a year ago, at the Veterans location, for the very first time, when I made my request known, my waitress says "we don't do that here". She must have thought it was our first time there. I thought to myself, she must be a new employee. She didn't look familiar to me. After explaining that it's something that they DO, do, she got it done. We visited again on 4/14/18. Same waitress. I'm sure she's a nice lady. Made my usual request. This time, it didn't get done. My oldest son sliced it for me at the table. Oh she apologized and offered to slice it for me at the table. Obviously that's not what I requested.  Some folks may read this and say to themselves "so what"? But for all the folks that had no trouble doing this for me in the past, let me say THANK YOU!  I left a $75.00 tip on a $341.33 bill. Didn't want to make an issue or ruin the night for my sons who are young men who deserved every nickel spent and far more.  My personal favorite place is Crescent City. It's closer to home and easier for me to walk in and out of too. I love onion rings and steak fries. And I'm really a beer man, although a nice glass of the red is also oh so good. But my sons and sometimes visiting friends, look forward to Chris'. So to Chris' we go. The next time I go, if there is a next time, I will request a different waitress at the Veterans location. Oh btw, the steaks were as always, the greatest.I have been to this location a few times and food is always good.  We were at this location with a group of friends and were served in the beautiful enclosed lanai.  My only grief is the service.  RC is considered fine dining, if I am not mistaken - or at least at the prices it should be.  Another consideration is that considering our large party the gratuity is already built in so why try so hard?  The gentleman refilling water glasses and reaching over patron's heads?  slow service, not picking up and placing orders properly - maybe I am just nit picky but at these prices I believe not only should the food be impeccable but so should the service.This was my first visit to this particular Ruth Chris location AND my first visit during lunch hours. Immediately, I noticed that the experience wasn't as personalized as I've gotten at other locations. Maybe because it was during lunch?? We were seated in a cute private booth, which would be a nice touch for an evening out. There weren't many guests dining and our waiter was really nice. However, service was super slow. I ordered the cheeseburger with fries. It was one of the best burgers I've ever eaten...well-seasoned, juicy and cooked perfectly. The bun was out of this world! It was light, soft and buttery, definitely the best bun ever. The fries were nicely cooked but could have benefited from more seasoning (which is an easy fix). After we finished eating, we had to wait what seemed like forever to get our check. It was borderline ridiculous, and I'm wondering if the private booth made the server forget about us. I stuck my head out of the booth numerous times, but to no avail. I would consider returning if I'm already in the area, but my best Ruth Chris experience has been at the Metairie location.I am a local and watched as three younger women were served while I waited for over twenty min.  I am 50 yrs old and wearing a nice shirt and Adidas pants.  I even paid for a policeman's dinner.  Yes I did complain to the mgr... this place made me feel like second class shit..  you can do better...RuthsI was contact by Ruth's Chris. We talked about the situation and the issues we had with our steaks. They could not have been nicer or more apologetic. They definitely understand when you are the nations biggest high end steak hours, the steak has to be perfect. We will definitely be returning. Thank you Ms. Baptiste for everything.My fiancé and I are on vacation in New Orleans, I wanted to celebrate a late birthday dinner and additionally our new engagement. I had a reservation for weeks before we arrived. Was even asked if we were celebrating and we mentioned our engagement. They put cute little hearts on the table, and that's when our service stopped. Our waiter gave us our drinks and then disappeared for 35-40 minutes. When he finally came to take our order my fiancé had finished his drink had already decided another restaurant he wanted for dinner. 
I truly don't have sympathy, if y'all were busy, this is RUTHS CHRIS and in my opinion not being attended to for over 30 minutes is absolutely ridiculous at ANY establishment. If our waiter was really that busy he should've asked for help, although I'm sure he just forgot about us the way he ran up to the table. 
We were dressed up, in a suit and dress, I understand we look younger but you should never change your service based on if you think you'll get tipped better or not. Especially cause I hand out pretty decent tips having been a server as well and understanding how it can be. This is the original Ruth's Chris we were so excited to dine at, and feel as if we were slapped in the face with our experience. That's alright though. The location in Nashville has proved numerous occasions that they would like to have my money.We had a party of 15, and Jimmy D was awesome! Food was perfect and he was very attentive, and took great care of our kiddos. Can't wait to go back.What a fantastic meal! The ribeye was outstanding and the potatoes au gratin recommended by our waiter amazing! Our waiter, Devin was incredibly professional, friendly and contentious! Definitely a excellent experience!!Ok so Sean Rixner the GM has read my review of our experience at the restaurant on New Years and invited us back with a gift card. My husband and I f
Decided to visit again this evening to celebrate our anniversary/birthday. I now understand why people rave about Ruth's Chris. The meal was stellar, the cocktails spot on and the dessert heavenly. I had the 8 oz Filet and my husband had the ribeye. We shared the 3 layer potatoes and the Brussels spouts (either love them or hate them) I also added 3 scallops which were amazing.  My steak was melt in your mouth delicious !!!! The 3 layer potatoes were YUMMY !! I had the blueberry mojito -fresh and nothing artificial in it.  Very very good. Husband has a sazerac. Devin was our wait person and he has just the right amount of not to much yet just enough.  All in all an excellent evening of food and adult beverages.  A side note give yourself extra time to find parking and dealing with traffic. 
So glad we went back and got the full Ruth Chris experience.New Orleans Ruth's Chris is great!  Service is wonderful!  We had the filet mignonette and it was worth the $$. Don't miss this place. Easy walk from our hotel in the French Quarter!We were visiting from Nebraska and saw there was a Ruth's Chris so we had to try it. We go to Ruth's in every place we visit.  Decided to surprise my husband for our anniversary.  We started with great apple martini's at the bar.  When we were seated, it went a bit south.  Within 5 minutes, he had 4 different wait staff hit the back of his chair as they walked by.  We mentioned this to our server Allison, who immediately had us reseated.  We were not placed in her section, but she still brought us our bottle of wine and made sure we were good. Next Angel waited on us and we couldn't have been happier.  Great food, fantastic service.  Both had filets.  I had shrimp with filet.  Had au gratin and garlic mashed...all delicious.  Shout out to Allison and Angel.  Amazing service!  Will certainly be back when we are next in NOLA.  Thanks Ruth's Chris New Orleans!I came here with 5 other family members. We got a variety of appetizers, soups, salads, steaks, fish and sides. Everyone was totally pleased with their dishes. And the dessert was wonderful! Delicious food :)