Brussels sprout hummus!!! Meg is the best waitress and gave us so many recommendations, she also has a rockin sense of style and made me feel loved and appreciated. I just went through a really bad breakup and meg made me feel that maybe id love again one day.Keeping with the theme and style of his namesake restaurant Shaya, chef has built on the lessons learned and made an even better effort here.  I respect the quality and effort that has been made to bring this cuisine to New Orleans.
There isn't a dish I have tried that I've been disappointed with here.  Everything is wonderful, just depends on what you're in the mood for.  I like the oyster and falafel sandwiches but am just as happy getting some small plates and a hummus.  The hummus is a little rich.  I wish it were a little lighter because it's just about all you can eat without busting if you add a pita.
It's expensive.  Especially the salatim.  You should probably skip them if you're dollar conscious.  I had 3 and a hummus with an iced tea and it was $47 with tax and tip.  That's a lot of money for lunch.  You could just get a falafel sandwich and one of their great sodas and get out for 1/2 that.
The restaurant is beautiful.  It was beautiful before they took over the space.  The service is very good.  It's not warm and fuzzy or anything but professional and mostly on top of what's going on.  I have received cold pita on occasion but it's a rare thing and I could have easily asked for a hot one and received it quickly.  
You should definitely come and support this restaurant.  Turn your back on BRG and come to Saba!This was my second visit in a month  this place is amazing. I have zero complaints about anything here. The food was fantastic, the drinks were yummy, and service was amazing! Do yourself a favor and get a reservation ASAP!I was lucky enough to get a lunch reservation on their first official day open (5/4/18) through Resy.  First of all, the decor and the ambiance of the restaurant is spot on. A welcoming yet upscale space, the restaurant feels like it's been there for years. Our meal was wonderful. We quickly filled up on tahini hummus and pita as well as the lutenitsa, asparagus and Iraqi eggplant. The hummus was out of this world and of the latter three, the lutenitsa was my favorite. Can't wait to return and try more!I have tried Saba twice now giving it a fair shake. The first time I was terribly embarrassed in front of my guest since we did not even get an appetizer for an hour with no apologies from the servers. The people next to us arrived 15 minutes after us and had eaten their meal and were paying when we got our first appetizer. Lunch took an hour and 45 minutes. The servers were oblivious and we did not complain and paid and left. We figured they had just opened and were figuring things out. Tonight we returned with six people total. We had a reservation for weeks and our table was not ready so they sat us at a large community table to wait. Then when our table was ready they sat 6 of us on a 4 top. Totally unacceptable. It was SO TIGHT at the table and again, I was so embarrassed in front of my guests. We moved back to the community table. The restaurant was very HOT inside and we were all uncomfortable. The meal took a long time.Not usually a fan of Mediterranean but I did complete 180° when I went to Saba for lunch!
Saba's dishes are beautifully presented with great detail. I ordered salatim (Ikra, Tabouleh, feta), Brussel sprout Hummus, and the shakshouka.
The shakshouka is probably my favorite dish due to its very spicy and flavorful quality. It contained poached eggs in the middle surrounded by parsnips. 
The Brussel sprouts really has me speechless, no other Hummus can compare. The Hummus was very creamy and not at all gritty like most places. The Brussel sprouts on top complimented the Hummus very well due to its crispy texture.
The salatim courses were okay. I think it's because I'm not used to the flavors of these dishes. But would certainly try again! My favorite would be the Tabouleh because of its hefty portion of avocado and its Persian lime really makes this dish tasty!
Would definitely come back to try more dishes!Rate 3.5/5.
Blue Crab Hummus 20$ - the hummus is so light and airy in comparison to the grocery store tubs (duh!). the sweet corn added a nice crunch. the crab meat was perfect. 10/10 would recommend.
Salatim 3/21$
 Ikra - tasted like a combination of cream cheese and sour cream. the roe added a hint of saltiness. i would not recommend if you do not like sour cream. 3/10 recommend
 Zucchini Baba Ganoush - with hazelnuts and roasted garlic. i loved this spread. it was savory and sweet. 8/10 recommend
 Bulgarian Feta - manfriend was very hesitant to eat try it. but he liked it the most! the leeks added a sweet flavor and the feta was slightly tangy. 10/10 recommend
Octopus 16$ - the perfectly cooked octopus really does melt in your mouth. the tomatos were very overpowering. 7/10 recommend
Lamb Kebab 14$ - lamb kebabs were slightly gamey (which i like). i love lamb. I'm usually one to finish the dish, but either i was to full or it didn't blow my pants off. 6/10 recommend
Moroccan Carrots 14$ - my favorite dish! 10/10 recommend. the carrots vary in texture and taste. each bite is more refreshing than the last. the flavors and texture harmonized.
Oyster Schnitzel 18$ - the pita (which is so amazing with the hummus, salatim, evoo & za'atar) was to doughy with the perfectly fried oysters. the pickles are sweet 'bread and butter' pickles. overall, wasn't a fan of this one. 3/10 recommend
Potato Latkes 18$ - AKA smoked salmon cream cheese on hashbrowns. 3/10 recommend.As good as it gets! Congrats to Chef Alon!  A true culinary experience in an inviting atmosphere with friendly,knowledgeable wait staffAhhhhmazing! Very similar to his namesake, Shaya, obviously. The crabmeat hummus was so good. We had a trio of dips for pita, the lutenitsa and cilantro/avocado one were out faves. Grilled octopus and steak were delicious also. Everything was very flavorful. Go with a group so you can try more stuff!We just sat at the bar and had drinks and then ate since we didn't have reservations. Good Mediterranean food done a little differently. Kyle the bartender along with his other colleague took care of us with great service.I made a reservation 1.5 months ago to try Saba. I was super hung over the day of my reservation, but I was determined to make it to the restaurant. Boy, was I glad that my tummy decided to cooperate by dinner time.
My friend K and I ordered an assortment of delicious things to enjoy with the fresh pita: lutenitsa, ikra, roasted squash, and hummus with blue crab and corn. We also ordered the octopus and the lamb kebab.
Everyone knows how good the fresh pita is so I won't go into detail on that, but if you have never had the lutenitsa, go eat some! It's probably one of my favorite things ever!
I also really enjoyed the hummus with crab. I was a little worried that it could be a little fishy but the crab was so mild and so sweet. 
The octopus was delicious, as was the lamb, but I found the lamb a little too salty. I'd probably skip the lamb next time.
Service was fantastic the entire time.
I would love to go back and try some of the other hummus so I could eat too much pita again.The food is great! 
You can see and taste the food is fresh!
High end ingredients in reasonable price. 
The hummus taste like Israeli hummus what makes me feel like home. 
Definitely will see me again when I'm in town!This is a great place. I like to go and sit at the bar. The bartenders are friendly and engaging to talk to. I love the Bulgarian feta appetizer with leeks and peppercorns. The ikra with roe and the labneh with pink peppercorns are also great. The cocktails are innovative. I love Wyatt's Game, with butternut squash. Now they have a refreshing yogurt drink with labneh in it. I got the octopus recently and it was amazing with heirloom tomatoes but I wish the octopus itself had been in larger portions, meatier and more flavorful. The pita is unparalleled. You're lucky if you only eat one.Fantastic servers and service. Family style dining. Delicious hummus. Lamb kabob. Foie gras. Red snapper. Labneh.  Feta. Elevated cocktail list that was great! (Their twist on an old fashioned w butternut squash was amazing!) warm chocolate babka for dessert.
A must try! Great dinner! 
- outdoor seating alsoI'm so glad we got to squeeze in a reservation for a Saturday lunch on our last day visiting New Orleans. If you sign up on Resy, they can notify you when a table becomes available. Our initial res was for 11pm (yes at night-that's all we could get) and we were able to change it to 2pm after we got an email notification from Resy..sweet! Looking back on our wonderful meal, I'd say even the 11pm would've been worth it. The place is beautiful. Bright and open. It has a comfy, casual yet elegant charm. We were greeted warmly and directed to the bar while we waited for our table (as we were about 30 minutes early.) From the bar, we saw Chef Alon Shaya working the wood fired brick oven making the Pitas fresh. It was cool to see him doing his thing and putting so much heart into it. He even came by to one of the tables and signed a book. Once seated, our servers greeted us and offered more drinks. We were given hot, yummy pita to devour as we reviewed the menu. We opted for the crab hummus (that came with a round of fresh hot pita), Fried Oyster schnitzel (think dressed Po boy but with a pita and BETTER), pickled carrot salad and lamb kebob. Everything was amazing and more than enough for two to share. There were many layers of flavors that complemented each other. The hummus was creamy and the crab just melted in my mouth. The Oyster schnitzel was perfectly crispy and not greasy...wonderful. I'm a fan of relish and sweet pickles so the carrot salad was a perfect compliment to the schnitzel. The carrots had a nice crisp to it, tangy, sweet, bright, fresh with an added crunch from the lentils. The lamb kebob was also delicious. It was moist, flavorful. Although our choices were considered small plates, we were stuffed and ate everything. Service was excellent. They were attentive, quick to fill our cups but at the same time gave us the space to enjoy our meal. We never felt rushed. It was our favorite meal experience during our whole trip hands down! It's not "traditional" New Orleans food but it's definitely a place I'd return to over and over again.I was excited to come here as I am a big fan of Shaya.  You know you're in a good place when it's Sunday night after 9 o'clock and the place is crowded.  We had great service starting 
from the hostesses who made great recommendations to the waiter.
We really enjoyed our meal there. We started with Brussels sprouts hummus which was delicious. They only give you one piece of pita(which was amazing) but they replace it immediately as soon as they see it is gone. We had Bulgarian feta and Lutenitsa (the serving is tiny) as well as lamb kebab, the Moroccan carrot salad (my son and I didn't love it) and the crispy potatoes side. Overall, it was a great meal, with delicious flavorful food and excellent service.Managed to snag a last minute reservation on my recent trip to NOLA.  One word "amazing".  Such a great variety of choices so ask your server their recommendations.  We had the family style chicken, crab topped hummus, and  3 delicious small side dishes- eggplant, red pepper, and feta cheese with leeks....all were flavor filled, mouthwatering and perfect for our party of 4 good eaters.  They also kept the fresh pita coming.  Would definitely come back the next time in NOLA.Food was amazing. The snapper alone was worth going for. Highly recommend as the atmosphere, staff, and food are terrific.We were four people. We ordered Small plates, Lamb kebab and Shakshouka and desert. Our server was great as well as foods. The only problem was that we had ordered these many foods and all of them should be eaten by Pita. They brought us two pitas at the beginning and then after we asked for more pitas they brought us one more pita after 20 minutes while we were watching our foods. We needed more pitas ....Completely unexpected and pleasantly surprised! I loved the environment and attention to detail. The food was incredible! Absolutely cooked with loveThe design, service, food, everything was spectacular. I highly recommend this restaurant. My favorite dish was the octopus.This place has out of this world Mediterranean food that takes you to back to home. I should start with the pita bread and end with the amazing chicken as this was a life altering experience. The chef was so humble and is a true genius with Mediterranean food. He knows how to make food a true experience.Order the hummus...all of them.  The hummus alone deserves 5 stars.  Tried the mushroom, brussel sprouts, and crab.  My favorite was mushroom and husband liked brussel sprouts best.  The lamb kebab was full of flavor.  Hot pita fresh out of the oven.  Dessert (server compared it to a roll with king cake flavor) was fine but could be skipped.  Go and order the hummus.  Met or exceeded expectations...make a reservation.Chef Shaya and team do it again. The servers were on point and the food was excellent. Try the chicken its amazing!YUM!  Great experience and wonderful in the neighborhood.  Even stopped by on a whim, they were completely gracious, and ate dinner (at the bar) without a reservation. Will definitely return.My family got a real nice variety of stuff could mop up with bits of pita, plus a big hunk of striped bass.  It was all awesome. They seem to make the pita fresh nonstop, so it's always piping hot and delicious when they bring you more.  
We got some sort of fudge cake, a bit of chocolate babka, and this crazy halva dessert that was served inside of a banana. It was all great.Amazing blue crab hummus, octopus, wine, babka.. perfect space.   Best restaurant I've been to in a very long time.Everything we ate was delicious. My husband doesn't like anything chickpea and he even enjoyed my falafel. So that's saying something. The octopus was amazing. We did end up ordering too much. Portions seem small but they pack a lot of flavor and are larger than they appear. It's great for family or just eating at the bar. We will definitely be back.Opening weekend - so glad we were able to get a reservation.  We waited about a half hour. It's worth the wait for the pita and hummus alone.  Standouts were the foie gras, crispy potatoes, falafel(perfect), chicken shishlik, the lamb hummus (wow) and the  brussel sprouts hummus. I'm sure any hummus here would be outstanding. The tabouleh portion was too small and FYI the lamb kebab is more like ground lamb. 
Hope they expand the specialty cocktail list. 
Alon Shaya was present in the dining room chatting with everyone.  I know this restaurant will be a huge success.Awesome. Pretty much the same food as Shaya. Have you ever had the best pita ever? Not until you've been to Saba. Coal fired food...delicious. Good wine list. Good service. You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. Fried egg plant sandwich...yum yum yum. Pancakes with rose and tahini...yum yum yum. Okra egg hummus...yum yum yum. And then even brought a little plain hummus for our baby.Unfortunately shaya is one of my all time favorites and today didnt live up. 
First time here. Mediocre to poor service. Food also mediocre today. Bread came out less than piping hot. Understaffed? Not sure but compared to my excellent experiences at shaya we were bummed.  I may give at another shot. We'll see.Scrumptious food with lovely owners, in hip culinary-rich neighborhood, SABA hits all the marks. This was our first visit (had eaten at Shaya previously) so was excited to see what Chef Alon did on his own. Every detail has been thought through. Staff are courteous and experienced...thanks Tara.  Dishes are fresh, quality ingredients and creative selection. Loved the community table and approachable environment it promotes. Had a lovely convo with the owner  and James Beard award winning chef, Alon Shaya; his wife Emily, and his gracious and kind Mama. Watched as Chef brought his Mother her meal to the community table. While that particular plate was clearly custom, all of the dishes that came out of the kitchen looked like they had been prepared with the same care, attention to detail and love.  With those kind of core values, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu...ENJOY!Let's say, I had super high expectations for this place. They're crazy booked for reservations even months out at normal eating times. I would check day of or even hours before because cancellations happen and you may get lucky like we did. I've been to Shaya a few times and in comparison they're quite similar in flavors. 
(Fave to least)
Lutenista, Ikra, Bulgarian Feta - 3 for $21
Wow, these were great starters! Out of the three, I really couldn't choose my favorite because they all were so different and unique in its own way. The Ikra was light and creamy with an onion flavoring. I don't normally eat feta, but I really loved the bulgarian feta. There was a slight acidic oil drizzled on top that complimented the feta perfectly. The lutenista had deep roasted flavors that just explodes in your mouth. These are a must!
Moroccan Carrot Salad - $14 
Surprisingly, I couldn't get enough of this one. It was super light and refreshing. Each bite was something different - tangy, sweet, pickled, crunchy, tender. Just a spectrum of flavors and textures you'd want in any dish! A big YES to this one. 
Blue Crab Hummus - $18 
The hummus was velvety smooth with lumps or crab meat and sweet corn. This is nice change from the classics, but I really love the brussels sprouts hummus the most! 
Oyster Schnitzel - $18 - yemenite curry, half-sour pickles, sesame seeds
Mmm, good flavors but it was a little bit of a miss for me. The coating on the oysters was a bit on the really crispy and crunchy side. Maybe, I'm not tough enough for this one. 
Lamb Kebab - $13 - tahini and herbs
Nice tender bites, but a bit salty for me. 
Our server was knowledgeable of the menu and attentive. I'm not too familiar with middle eastern cuisine so I asked for his recommendations. My top two were his recommendations so I would say ask if you don't know what to order. The couple sitting next to us said the octopus was amazing so I will have to try that the next time I come! Overall, the atmosphere was very bright and cozy. I wasn't completely blown away (perhaps I ordered the wrong things), but I'll give it a few more months and try their dinner selections... if I can get a reservation.Yummy Israeli food! We came for a casual Sunday lunch and enjoyed ourselves. We shared a light lunch of three salatim (zucchini baba ganoush, the roasted okra, and labneh - strained yogurt with herbs) as well as the blue crab hummus served with snap peas, lemon and mint. The blue crab hummus was the highlight, although we wished the lemon/crab flavors extended further into the hummus itself as opposed to as a topping. With the generous accompaniment of fresh, delicious pita, the two of us were stuffed by the end of the meal. Of note, having had just visited Shaya earlier in the week for lunch, we were surprised at the similarities between the places (menu presentation, food items) as well as the differences (smaller but more expensive portions at Saba). For example we had 5 salatims, a lamb hummus and a shakshouka for the same price as 3 salatims and a blue crab hummus here. Overall we appreciated being able to try some different things on the menu but our ratings reflect which one we preferred.Arrived at 11am for our reservations right at opening. Service was lovely and efficient, dining room was full by 1130. 
There are just a few lunch entrees and sandwiches, a few hummus options, and the three plate and five plate meze options. 
Food was gorgeous, delicious, plated nicely. The tahini hummus was the standout. Served with the hot pita, we were in vegetarian heaven. 
It's not a ton of food but it's all done well.
For two moderate eaters at lunch, try the 5 mezze and a hummus. You'll have leftovers to enjoy later too!A flawless evening. Corbett's attentive service was only surpassed by each delicious course. Hands down an amazing experience in a town of great food! Everything was delicious. The octopus took me back to Greece, the lamb was a bit of heaven on a plate and the greens... ah veggies have never been so good.Excellent service and food. The team was very professional and attentive and the restaurant/bar is beautiful.Excellent. Despite what other reviewers have said, I've been 3 times and have had nothing but excellent service. The food is outstanding with every detail meticulously thought out. This has very easily become one of my favorite restaurants in the city.I was lucky enough to get a reservation just a couple weeks after their opening. Reservations must be made weeks in advance, and for good reason. Everything I loved about Alon Shaya's former flagship, Shaya, was represented here, in even better form. Service is great, as one would expect at a higher end restaurant.
We started with the brussel sprout hummus, and a selection of three salatim: the lutenitsa, pickled veggies, and roasted asparagus. The pita, delivered nonstop was fluffy but still light and hollow in the middle, as it should be, absolutely perfect. it is the centerpiece of the entire concept and for good reason. Surprisingly, the asparagus was my favorite thing of the entire meal, although it doesn't seem to be on the menu now, as it's out of season. The lutenitsa is also up there amongst the best things I've ever eaten. All of these were excellent. The menu is incredible, although similar to their former namesake, Shaya, but something about this place makes it a notch better.
We didn't order an entree, as they are family style, intended to be shared amongst large groups. We also ordered the lamb kabob, roasted potatoes, and falafel. We were full from just the hummus and salatim. The few bites I mustered of each were equally delicious.
The cocktail menu was somewhat limited, but I hope/expect it to expand later on. The nature of the menu encouraged sharing, and the atmosphere was relaxed enough to normalize that, despite being a higher end place. Passing pieces of pita to scoop up hummus and other small plates reinforced the familiar concept, and made our meal truly memorable. Meals here can be done relatively affordably, but it's also the best destination/special occasion restaurant in town, if you chose to go that way. Alon Shaya has one-upped himself again.My group of 12 women did the Saba Table for Sunday lunch, and I can't say enough what a wonderful experience it was. We had a pre-set menu that included tabouleh, lutenitsa (roasted eggplant and tomato) and Bulgarian feta; tahini hummus; falafel sandwich with seasoned fries;  carob fudge cake with black sesame molasses; and of course all the pita we wanted. The meal was served family style and there was more than enough food for everyone. In fact, we gave all the leftovers to our guest of honor to bring home to her family. Everything was delicious and the service was impeccable. If you have a group of 10-12 people, I highly recommend dining at the big table.My favorite Salatin so far is the Ikra. The feta is great too. The tomato hummus with egg is delicious. The greens are out of this world. For family plates I've only had the Red Snapper so far and it was delicious!One would expect nothing less than greatness from Alon Shaya and Saba exceeds all expectations. I would first like to mention the excellent service by the GM, Jessica, she was efficiently knowledgeable about every item on the menu. My partner is a vegan and I ask a lot if questions, jessica was wonderful in assisting us with our meal, and she did it with such grace and ease. The food was wonderful, but Jessica truly made our experience. 
It is so nice to be able to eat that pita again. I missed it so. Brussel sprout hummus for the win!Went here for my birthday. The meal was outstanding. Absolutely delicious. Service was excellent and we tried a new wine I'd never had before (a Greek red called Xinomavro). 
Pita is fresh and amazing (and we took leftovers home with us and they gave us a fresh pita). 
We had the harissa chicken for two which was fantastic. Juicy and succulent and the harissa wasn't hot, just very flavorful. We also had the feta with pickled leeks (fab), hummus with poblano chile and egg (ditto) and Labneh (yum), Couscous with dried cherries (!) and maybe the sleeper best thing on the table, the potatoes with black garlic. They somehow managed perfectly super crispy outsides and buttery insides with a soft garlic flavor. God they were good. 
All told, a lovely evening. Alon Shaya was there that night schmoozing with the staff and patrons. He's a talented chef and this is an absolute success.Took two weeks to make the right reservations. We came by on our final night in NOLA. This restaurant came highly recommended to us from somebody who knows the chef/owner. 
The hostess lacked customer service skills.  The restaurant was very chilly. The person who walked us to our table said that others had similar complaints that night.  In fact,  there were many people in the restaurant wearing jackets and scarves. 
The server wasn't friendly.
We asked to be seated out and were inexplicably told there were people coming in at some later time.  We watched 5 or 6 open tables in the patio during the 15 min we were there.  The manager finally stepped in and offered to get us a table,  but by then we had decided to leave and already made reservations at Shaya, where we had an incredible dinner with phenomenal service.
The manager at Saba was nice and wanted to help. However, by the time she stepped in, we were ready to leave.Really Enjoyed Saba's (follow up to Shaya's which I also loved) 
Lovely smoked mescal cocktail 
Followed w fresh hot pita & a matzoh ball soup that beat's my Nana's hands down. 
Perfect for a quick pop in before an event in a chilly winter night.
Friendly staff, nice decor, marble mar, low lighting and large windows. It's nice that they have some couches and patio seating for the warmer weather as well.
That's a keeper & I'll be coming back with friends soon.Lives up to the hype.  Wonderful atmosphere, fastidious staff, excellent food.  Octopus, lamb, and salmon row were all standouts.  The pita and the Brussel sprout hummus disappeared quickly.  Will be going back!As we all know New Orleanians do not eat to live "they live to eat".  This mantra is the same for visitors to the Big Easy when one has a dining experience like that at Alon Shaya's Saba on Magazine Street - recently named Restaurant of the Year by New Orleans Magazine.  
On a very busy Sunday night we were promptly greeted for our reservation - with space at the gorgeous bar available we elected to spend the evening there.  This was a great decision as we received outstanding service by the bar staff.  We began with cocktails and the "3 for 21" starters of the salmon roe, Bulgerian Feta, and zuchini baba ganoush. All excellent but we could have eaten the salmon roe all night! Having filled ourselves with the starters and pita bread (another highlight: fresh, hot and so good) we shared just one of the shishliks: the octopus shawarma...Fabulous.  
We did save some room for the jelly donuts and we felt really pampered by the sweetness of the jelly and the great flavor of the dough fried expertly. 
Saba is a such a great experience and so accessible and reasonable that I would like to start a petition campaign to get Mr. Shaya to open a restaurant in Houston.  Saba is a must do when in NOLA!Me and my friend had hummus( sprout hummus ) and falafel and it was really good. The drinks were amazing and service was good too. Must go place for vegetarians in NOLAWent to Saba for a celebratory lunch with my wife and we were very pleased. We had just closed on a house and went straight there after signing the papers. But even with our mood to celebrate and splurge, we had an amazing lunch with drinks for under $100. The bread was great. The egg yolk hummus was delicious. I had the oyster sandwich and the portions were so good/ I ate so much bread, I had to get half of it wrapped. The hostess thanked us on the way out which always goes a long way to leave you with a positive impression but another server even came out onto the porch to say goodbye after we had left. We hadn't even met! 10/10 would recommend.Amazing find!  Came to NOLA to get together with 5 old friends/college roommates from all over the country.  Expected to have great Creole and Cajun food (which we did), but was pleasantly surprised to find this gem of Middle Eastern/Israeli cuisine.  The food was exquisite from the creative hummus options to the delicious babka dessert, and the service was outstanding!  A must try for any tourist or local.One of my favorite things about Saba was the atmosphere. The food is delicious, and the restaurant is spacious and beautifully decorated. It's great for visiting with friends because the restaurant is not too loud and you feel comfortable and casual. All of the food was light, fresh, and flavorful. Some highlights of our meal were the blue crab hummus, the roasted chicken, and a side of charred Napa cabbage. The salatim were tasty, but may skip them next time and have an additional hummus or try more of the small plates instead. Worth a trip!If you are looking for a real treat to your taste buds, go to Saba. The food is delicious. Our server, (Chad or Jay...I think) was extremely helpful with recommendations. The crabmeat and mushroom hummus is a party on your tongue. The octopus was so tender and cooked to perfection and the lamb kebabs...do not skip those. We ordered more items and there wasn't anything we didn't enjoy. Make a reservation, you won't be sorry.Best food I had during my entire week in New Orleans (and that's saying something because I LOVE typical cajun food).  Pita and hummus literally OUT. OF. THIS. WORLD.  The appetizers and small plates were much better than the bigger shared plates in my opinion.  Cocktails were fantastic.UNBELIEVABLY DELICIOUS! Go get you a reservation to this amazing new restaurant in Uptown by the former Chef at Shaya. Absolutely everything I put in my mouth was to-die-for! Tabouli, wild mushroom hummus, lamb kabobs, feta...so, so great! The Falafel was spectacular and the carrot salad might be the best thing I've ever eaten. Seriously. Even the pita was otherworldly. The chef is personable and engaging. They are very welcoming and very controlled about the seating pace for now which is a good thing. Service outstanding. We sat at a community table and enjoyed it. Can't wait to go back for dinner.Were there for a late lunch, so got a table without a problem.  AMAZING Israeli food -- highlights included the fresh from the oven pita, hummus (both plain and with brussel sprouts), olive oil with za'atar, salad of kale and beets and lots more, ground lamb kebabs. Great drinks, too.  Lovely setting, excellent service.  Would return in a heartbeat!Saba is the best meal I've eaten in a long time. They have the best pita and hummus ever and the short ribs were amazing. Will definitely come back here in the future.This has got to be my most favorite restaurant currently in New Orleans! We went with some friends of ours and enjoyed everything we had from the drinks, to the apps, to the main dish. We opted to skip on dessert because we ordered way too much food. This is a place where you order a bunch of things and the whole table shares. We had several different hummus's which were all great. We shared a whole chicken for the entree and it was probably my most favorite thing we had. If you plan to go be sure to plan far in advance as this place is hard to get a place. It's so good, we made another reservation while we were still sorted at the table. Check out my pictures! Must try!THIS A TRUE CULINARY EXPERIENCE!
Saba is not just a meal, lunch or dinner, the dishes Shaya and his staff are serving is a travel through time while using fresh and local ingredients.
Our visit yesterday was so amazing.  We went for lunch; the place was full inside and the curbside seating along Magazine street.
The lunch menu offers many options, all great.  From the photos below we started with 3 small plates, then a Hummus dish then Kefta's dishes then dessert.
Over the 90minues lunch, the hot and delicious pita bread was flowing constantly.
At the end I tried the Moroccan mint tea, so good!
Get our reservation early or wait in line during lunch.  This place can't be missed.This is an absolute MUST when in New Orleans. Tables are hard to snag so make reservations way ahead of time or plan on waiting a bit. Whatever wait you have is completely worth it by the way! Once you get in the ambiance is so comfortable and non-pretentious you immediately settle in. Then you look at the menu and your mind is blown. Hot buttered crab hummus....?? This would definitely be my last meal on earth!I have eaten at both Shaya and Saba and they are both 5/5 in terms of food and service. Saba wins in terms of cocktails and the restaurant space. The bar, in particular, is a much more fun and inviting place to eat at Saba. The standout items at Saba are the matzah ball soup (so simple, but really tasty), the hummus plates (sounds boring but they are sneaky good) and that never ending fresh, hot pita bread. New Orleans is lucky to have both of these restaurants competing to put out top notch Middle Eastern food.We really enjoyed this place. Anywhere from the neighborhood, decor, friendly bartender, food and drinks. We ordered two cocktails that were beautifully crafted. Since we had other plans for dinner elsewhere we just ordered a bunch of appetizers. Nothing disappointed. The hummus is the best hummus I have ever had. The texture is just perfectly smooth. The duck heart skewers are very delicious as well. Those two were my favorites from everything we tried. I would love to come back to NOLA just to come back and try more food next time at this place.Shaya has nothing on Saba- it is impeccable. I have been multiple times for brunch and dinner, and both menus are delicious. The dishes that stood out the most to me were the labneh, shakshouka and grilled octopus. I believe all of those are available for both lunch and dinner. The dishes are made to share, so usually I will order any of the interesting hummus plates (have yet to go wrong with any!), the 3 for $21 salatim, and a few of the small plates, and I am always leaving very full even if I am with 1-2 other people. The waitstaff is knowledgeable, and it will only benefit you to ask them for recommendations on how to order to your liking in terms of portions. They are attentive with bringing out hot, fluffy pita every time you run low. The restaurant is more casual thank you'd think- people dress in whatever they want: t shirts to business casual, as with most restaurants around here. I have seen kids there, but I wouldn't recommend bringing them since the dining experience is too good (and too expensive!) to distract yourself with trying to entertain children who are not old enough to tolerate the amount of time that you will likely spend there: definitely at least an hour and a half to fully appreciate all of the rounds of food that you should get. They have patio heaters for colder days, so make a reservation for either and it will be very enjoyable either way!Lamb kabob is the best.. changed the way it's done but it's still amazing.. excellent service..
Wish they still had the romaine salad.. not a lot of good green options.. Delicata squash was incredible.. Blue crab hummus is insanely good..
will absolutely continue to go back=)Had a lovely meal at Saba recently. They had a great wine list with a variety of different options that our server patiently went over with us. As far as the food goes, everything we ordered, we loved! Stand out dishes were the Bulgarian Feta, Grape Leaves, and Hanger Steak. The portions are small enough that you really get to try a lot on the menu without feeling uncomfortably full, but not so small that you feel like you're getting ripped off. Overall bill for a nice bottle of wine and plenty of food came to about $150.Sure, if you want Mediterranean influenced by Louisiana, you're already way uptown and need a break from Cajun/creole fire. If you're in a group of 3 or 4, order 3 of the "Salatims" for $21: Tabouleh: crushed pecans, freekeh, avocado; Labneh: pink peppercorns, shallots, mint; and Cauliflower Baba Ganoush with roasted garlic and olive oil. Should also try a hummus. The Tahini with extra virgin olive oil was a good choice but if I got to choose for my group, I would have ordered the blue crab with sweet potatoes, lemon butter and mint. For the entree, I ordered the lamb sandwich which included shreeded lamb with a scrambled egg and lettuce in a pocket pita.Shaya is a good restaurant but Saba really is the next level. Remember when the Ghostbusters franchise put out a cartoon and had to call it the 'Real' Ghostbusters because their was already some sad, non-affiliated low rent cartoon called Ghostbusters? Kinda the same deal here. Saba is the 'Real' Shaya. Now that he's free from Besh, Alon can really, truly flourish.One of the most amazing Mediterranean meals I've ever had. The hummus  like whipped butter and very flavorful. The cauliflower baba ganoush was very tasty as was the striped bass. In fact,we didn't order a dish that wasn't flavorful and well prepared. The wait staff was incredible! ESP Meg!!Only disappointment about this restaurant were the cocktails. Every one we tried  was too sweet and The bartender making the drinks could not have cared less about suggesting something not overly sweet.What a fantastic excursion & experience while in New Orleans. With Middle Eastern and North African influences chef Alon Shaya makes you feel at home with his wood-fired pita breads and family-style platters.
New Orleans "Uptown" dining does not have to be pretentious. Started with the roasted pita bread served with olive oil... I could eat this all day. For the entree's We decided on the Lamb kebab and Hanger Steak. The lamb was awesome, served with roasted onions and sweet caramelized tomatoes. The Hanger steak melts in your mouth, served with celery root, tabouleh and pomegranate.
The staff was very accommodating and helpful taking us through the menu. Great, great over all experience.My favorite restaurant in New Orleans! The best pita I've ever had and the best Israeli food (especially hummus) outside of Israel. Alon Shaya is an incredible chef and can often be found around the restaurant. I think that Saba is beat for lunch, mostly because I love their sandwich options, but weekend brunch and dinner are also amazing! Every single thing on the menu is great, get a bunch of things to share because it is a bit priceySimply wonderful.  Amazing combinations or flavor and textures.  Would recommend to all.  Came to New Orleans for a culinary experience and simply overwhelmed by the variety.Wishing for a relaxing Sunday lunch that lights up the taste buds and affords a comfortable time to linger and enjoy the expertise of the bar? Saba maybe the place, it certainly was for us.
The maybe is there if you are not accustomed to Middle Eastern/Mediterranean foods and preparation. Lots of vegetarian and vegan choices. Not do much for meats and fish--although the menu is solid there.
Try a round of cocktails before your fateful wine choice. The bourbon one--Wyatt's--was perfectly balanced, Rich. My spouse gave thumbs up to a light interpretation of the dark and stormy. Extensive wine list, bottle is recommended. It will see you through an amazing meal. 
Start with lots of small plates: we loved the okra, the olives, the Tabouleh, and the Lutenitsa. The hummus--you might want to lick your bowl (but please don't). The bread is out of this world and it keeps coming throughout the meal.
Three in the group opted for pita bread sandwiches--raves met the fried green tomatoes but the oyster only rated a meh. There is a Moroccan carrot salad not to be missed but I loved the Shakshouka--the eggs perfect, the sauce even more so. There are kabobs and other choices--next time.
We split two desserts, and went WOW for both the presentations and quality.  Great cappuccino too. 
Spot on service even though the place was hectic. Never rushed, attentive. Earns all the praise it has been receiving from the locals.Very cute restaurant! Blue crab hummus was amazing as was the octopus and carrot salad!Five stars for food, service, and decor. The Owner, Alon, was wondering around checking on tables and he's such a great host and chef. Terrific place for families, groups, for a date, or even solo at the bar. Purchased his cookbook so I can make some of the recipes at home. We're from San Francisco where there is some good food, but this was better than anything we've had there!Amazing- the decor and atmosphere are wonderful as is the food. Very busy but we managed to snag a spot at the bar on Valentine's Day. The lady bartender who helped us was extra nice and suggested some things. Everything we had was great. Will be back!If you enjoy Mediterranean food, this is as good as it gets! We went more times over our 13 days here than I'm comfortable saying. Every single thing we got was amazing. Best Hummus & Falafel I've ever had!
The hot pita they continually bring out is ridiculous  
Asparagus was excellent, so was the charred Eggplant. 
Expect excellent service and also expect to make a reservation well in advance. DONT MISS THIS GEM!Simply exceptional meal, from start to finish, at Saba.
Really a great menu, with some interesting options. The only thing I would recommend is to offer an individual chicken dish as well as the family style, but who am I to tell the chef his business ;)
Honestly, we could have just done the three salatim with hummus and skipped the main course, but like our server said .. then we would have missed out on the rest!
We were in New Orleans for the weekend and experienced the most attentive and on point service here. Thank you Team Saba!I hate to say it because I am team Alon Shaya all the way but I like Shaya's food better.  *proceed with public stoning* 
Worth going to Saba for sure just didn't love it as much.The pita and hummus are a deadly combo. I LOVED the brussels sprout hummus and would eat it any day of the week. I, however, did not love the oyster schnitzel. The fried oysters just desperately needed more seasoning and the sandwich was kind of dry. The service was great and the atmosphere was lovely. It's a really bright space and looks very fresh and clean.I was so excited to come here. We are from the west coast and have followed chef Shaya and love the idea of supporting his and his wifes business ventures. The food was excellent.  I love Mediterranean food and we were very happy with everything we ordered. We especially enjoyed the Lutenitsa  and the hummus. We definitely give this place 5 stars for food, and ambience. The room and mood are great! Service was not so great..having been here (New Orleans) for a few days and just after being in New York we really felt that both the front hostess and server were efficient and know their jobs well but, were very impersonal.  No gracious gretting when we came in...we had a reservation but hostess seemed suprised we were there and our server seemed distracted. For Service I would give 3 stars. We were not a big ticket table but we always tip well and if the waitstaff is engaging and friendly it's  more likely we stay for drinks. 
Yes come here! Get some great food and hot fresh pita. Buy a cookbook. You won't regret it.I've had Saba bookmarked for awhile now and I finally had the chance to check it out yesterday and I was not let down! I was with a party of five for a work lunch and we decided to go share a bunch of different thing. We picked the cauliflower hummus (!!), blue crab hummus, beets, wood-roasted zucchini and the Bulgarian feta -- all recommended by our waiter. The cauliflower hummus was by far, the best thing we ate; definitely lived up to the hype! We ended up spending nearly two hours there, it wasn't overly packed, but we didn't see much of our waiter. Thankfully we weren't in a rush! We capped it off with the Carob-Fudge Cake and I had the Golden Milk Latte. Both delicious! Make sure you have a reservation. I'll be back!Finally got to visit Saba after frequenting Shaya all these years. They are very similar and I would rate them equally for the most part. In terms of taste, it's very similar. The ambiance at Saba is superior in my opinion since it isn't nearly as dark as Shaya. 
We shared the blue crab hummus, latkes with whitefish, frittata, pancakes, and lox toast. 
The winner was without a doubt the hummus. This was incredible and I could've ordered 3 more and been content. The latkes were just okay. They lacked flavor and the whitefish dip was bland. The frittata was 99% veggies and we hardly touched it, hence the docked star. The rest of the food, perfection. 
Will definitely return!Read so many good thing about this place that I had to try it this past weekend while I was in NOLA. The food was awesome. I had the hanger steak and the 3 for $21 small plates. I swear I would fly back to New Orleans just to get more of the grilled okra. It was deee-licious!The place is so cozy and the staff are really attentive. Highly recommend and great for a date night.Great helpful service. Food was great. Sampled 5 of the small plates. They were well prepared and yummy. We ate the Chicken for the family course along with the arugula salad and carrot salad . The Graduate loved the Mushroom Hummus. This place is worth the trip.Maybe Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food in New Orleans is just my favorite, but this was tied with Shaya for the best meal I've ever eaten. The free unlimited pita was SO fresh and hot and delicious, and paired nicely with many of the small plates we ordered. We had the green shakshuka, babba ganoush, tabouleh, wood-fired apple AND two desserts! The food all tasted amazing and looked amazing. I only wished our server would have been more generous and attentive with the pita, instead of bringing them one at a time for a table of three people after we had to ask for it. The location is perfect: an unassuming corner building on two main roads in Uptown, but still tucked away from the buzz of the crowds. The ambiance was classy, and the patio seating was great, weather permitting. My friends and I sat under the heat lamps and thoroughly enjoyed our meal. And the best part: it was surprisingly affordable! I thought since you almost always need a reservation, that it would be fancy and expensive, but it's just such a quality restaurant! No wonder it's always booked!What a laid back places to enjoy the good foods they provide. The service is quick and laid back and I love it! The staff is awesomeI really enjoyed dinner here. We have gone to Shaya so I knew this place would be just as special! We shared an assortment of apps - my fave was the Bulgarian feta. For our meal we decided on the grape leaf wrapped fish, sweet potato and a few other sides. It was all delish. The pistachio dessert was a nice mix of savory and sweet. We enjoyed the house special cocktails and I totally appreciated the bar stocked with locally made gin and other spirits.  I only have one problem. Our table was very close to the bathroom. My seat specifically faced the opening of the women's restroom. It was not pleasant. I am not sure how that could be rearranged. When we return for lunch I will ask not to be sat at the potty table.......thanks Meg for great service.We were so excited to try Saba which came highly recommended from many friends. We secured a reservation a week in advance of our trip to New Orleans. However, upon arrival we were told that our reservation had been cancelled 15 minutes earlier. The host made no attempt to apologize for the mistake and in fact our group was made to feel it was some how our fault. The failure for service recovery did not stop there. Despite there being over 10 tables open we were told we could only sit at the bar. One of those open tables had to have been our reserved spot! We are a laid back group of friends and decided we would make the bar work. Here again was a chance for Saba to recover. Unfortunately again the opportunity was lost. We were quietly remarking about the many open tables and confusion on how our reservation was canceled when the bartrendress remarked that those tables were for reservations arriving in 30 minutes. When I responded that we had in fact had a reservation I was met with a shoulder shrug and quite possibly an eye roll. Needless to say we had to throw in the towel on this experience. To say we were disappointed is an understatement. Throughout our stay in NOLA we have commented on the incredible hospitality of everyone we have met. Sadly Saba failed to continue this kind and welcoming reputation. Best of luck on your experience at this establishment.Beautifully prepared food. The apricot lamb hummus is the best I've ever had! We got the matzo ball soup which was perfect. I got the lamb kebab, lettuces. The lamb is simply unmatched. The pita was perfect and puffy as always and paired great with the hummus and lamb. I can't wait to go back!! Oh and definitely have a dionysus revival to go with your meal!This is the restaurant that my son chose after his graduation from med school. I was like what? We are not having traditional New Orleans food? So glad we didn't! This restaurant is truly amazing. We highly, highly recommend the $65 per person tasting menu. It is worth every penny and it was perfect for such a special occasion.  And a special thank you to Heather! She made the evening perfect with her excellent and friendly service. Someday I want to meet the chef!We thought we lost out by sitting on the patio in the heat but it was serene and good smelling versus the noisy interior. Service was lovely, polite, knowledgeable about the menu. (Thank you Chris, you were adorable) We started with small plates and never stopped. The hummus with grilled Brussels sprouts was delicious, unbelievably creamy. Feta cheese and tabouleh on the steaming hot pita was heavenly. The roasted red pepper dip was delish. We skipped the lamb kebabs for dessert.  It was excellent. Sorry I can't remember what it was except it was a brown cold slab with nuts on it and it tasted almighty good. We'd had a few glasses of rose
by that point.I wish I could give Saba a 7/5 stars. This place is just so incredibly fantastic. From the time we walked in the door to the time we left, everything about it was just the best experience. We started with the Blue Crab hummus, which was unlike anything I have ever tasted before, the flavors were insane. We also had the falafel which was the best I've had! We were there for brunch and all of our food was out of this world. The flavors in the dishes was indescribable. Though I think one of the best things they serve is the pita bread. They have an oven in the corner of the restaurant where they constantly make fresh pita and serve it hot to your table. 
Our waitress was super helpful and friendly, she offered helpful suggestions and took wonderful care of us. 
Overall, this is my new favorite New Orleans restaurant, the best in the city!The food was delicious (except for the over-fried and cold oyster sandwich), the staff lovely and as friendly as one could hope, but "Saba's Table" is not worth it. I want to tell you that it is, but it's not an economical way to celebrate with a large (8-12) group of friends. We had high hopes, but learned just a week before our dinner that there was a pre-fixe menu with the option of $35, $45 or $60 per person and only a small select few items we could pick from instead of a minimum amount but open menu which we were first told. For $45 you get all five (of only five) salatims offered, 1 hummus (choose between tahini or Brussels sprout), 1 sandwich(falafel or oyster) and 2 sides (fries and lettuce). Everything is served family style so for 10 people that's 2 plates of hummus, 2 small bowls of each salatim offered, half a pita sandwich per person, 3 baskets of fries and 3 bowls of salad for the table. 
If you want something not on the pre-fixe menu then you add 5 dollars per person plus the cost of the dish so for example we paid $90 for 2 bowls of the blue crab hummus (as compared to just paying $40 if ordering off the regular menu). If you have a picky eater or a person who wants meat then you are out of luck. 
So what I'm saying, is please go and enjoy(!), just DO NOT DO SABA'S TABLE. Get two tables of six, pay reasonable prices and leave happy. I hope the large group policy changes, but until then work around it.Everything and I mean everything about this place was phenomenal.  The black sesame semifreddo dessert was one of the best desserts I have had in my life.  I've had Tabouleh and it wasn't like thisEvery dish that I try here introduces me to some new and exciting taste sensation.  In a world with so much variety available it's rare to discover things that are different and exceptional.  I've been exploring Israeli food in other cities, and am really enjoying it.  Mr. Shaya's understanding of flavors whether middle-eastern or even Italian put him hands and feet above the pack.  This is an all time favorite top-of-my-list destination.I loved Saba! I was in New Orleans for a few days visiting my sister. She arranged a reservation for us at Saba and said I could not miss this restaurant on my trip. 
We arrived a few minutes early before our reservation and were warmly greeted by the host, and shown to our seat in the open dining area near the bar. Our server was really helpful explaining the must-try items on the menu and how many items we should order. 
We started off with the blue crab hummus - sooo delicious! The server was very accommodating of my sister and I's gluten free diet and provided veggies alongside the traditional pita. We also got octopus, which was delicious but slightly over-charred in my opinion, delicata squash, lamb and crispy potatoes. Everything was so good - but we definitely over-ordered for just two people.
An amazing spot! Perfect for a special celebration or just a delicious meal out.I've been to Saba about 9 or 10 times, and it's hands down my favorite place to eat in New Orleans. It's an awesome place to come for dinner with a big group of friends who are excited to order something adventurous, it's fun to come with a friend to get drinks and a hummus at the bar before going out to a party, it's a warm and comfortable date night spot. Food is absolutely delicious, creative, as rich or as light as you're in the mood for, and the menu changes fairly often with what's in season. I've probably tried 95% of the items on the menu and I've always been delighted. Hummus is, if course, a must. I also cannot overstate how kind, friendly, and helpful the staff are. This is a great place to come if you're visiting and you need a break from the heavy traditional New Orleans fare, but it also merits a visit in its own right.The original chef of Shaya is now here and the place is nicer.  The food is amazing even with the small portions.  The pita bread is amazing and original to this chef.
We had a good waitress, Briella, who we found out later that it was her first day.Ever since Saba opened, my boyfriend and I have stopped going to other restaurants in New Orleans. For the past five weekends we have tried to convince ourselves to try other things, but in the end we find ourselves gravitating back to Saba and the unlimited, homemade pita and exquisite olive oil. 
Besides that, the Bulgarian feta is amazing as well as the Iraqi eggplant and lutenitsa. The wine is also excellent. 
So much better than Shaya! Both in terms of food and staff!On our recent trip to New Orleans, a friend of ours was kind enough to take us to one of the city's hottest restaurants: Saba. I had never thought to go to a Mediterranean in the south, but boy were we pleasantly surprised. 
Upon arrival, we we lucky enough to get a seat for three. I suggest grabbing a reservation (even at lunch) because this joint fills up quickly. Our server was quick to bring us waters and take our cocktail order which consisted of a Garden of Salvation (olive oil in a drink is my new favorite thing!) and a Persea Americana (apple is also my new favorite ingredient in a drink). After a few sips, we were ready to order.
First, I HIGHLY recommend sharing everything you get. There are a few mains on the menu, but in order to get a true experience one should come prepared to split everything.  Labneh with Pink Peppercorns, Pickled Hard Boiled Eggs and the Bulgarian Feta were our first steps, coming form their Salatim menu (smaller bites) while we rounded out the dishes their Blue Crab Hummus. I kid you not, all of these dishes were the best I have had when it comes to Mediterranean. I'm no expert, but I'm fairly certain that even the most die hard of fans would agree with me. Also, their house made pita comes to your table directly from the oven, so watch your mitts and make sure not to burn yourself.  
So, if you find yourself near that end of Magazine, do yourself a favor and duck into their cozy atmosphere for a drink and a snack at least.Visiting in NOLA, saw a video on places to eat, wasn't disappointed. Warm hostess, beautiful decor, excellent and attentive wait staff, but the food!!! Pita bread made in their own brick oven, fresh humus and tahini, falafel and latkes, best I've ever had, not sure when I'll be back but when I am this will definitely be a stop.My cousins and I came to celebrate a birthday. We shared several plates, like the shahshuka hummus, acorn squash, sweet potatoes, eggplant, scallops, and brussel sprouts. It came with the best pita bread ever. I loved the sweet potatoes and acorn squash the most. The eggplant was still rather firm and undercooked, which is a shame because I love eggplant. The scallops were a little underwhelming, but I can't put my finger on why. The waitresses were really nice and helpful. Their menu changes frequently, so it might be nice to see what new things they have.I wanted to try Saba out for a while because I really love Shaya, their sister restaurant, and finally last week I went out with my girlfriends.. we sat on the patio and had a lovely dinner.. I knew it wouldn't disappoint!! Their hummus, pita and lutenita is as good and consistent as their other place but everything else on the menu is different and unique in its own way ..I was in a mood for something lighter, after finishing an entire plate of pickles and humus  and our waitress recommended the carrot salad and it was a great choice ..thumbs up guys!! I'll be back!!Enjoyed saba again today, it was as usual delectable. I was very hurt that the lamb tongue hummus is no more, the duck hearts either. I know us people who eat livers, and tongues, and hearts and such,are few and far between, but we have feelings, thank you, I don't want to get a sign and protest out front. So, please, pretty please, with sugar on top, reconsider your decision already. Thank you.Definitely a must-visit for lunch in New Orleans. We liked it so much we came back 2 days in a row! Everything here is fresh and delicious. We tried the Bulgarian feta, beet salad, & eggplant dip with the amazing pillowy pita bread. We also got the tahini hummus which I could eat every day! We also tried to octopus and potato latkes. Next time I'd love to try the falafel & tabbouleh. The restaurant itself is open and bright with plenty of seating both inside and outside. The service is helpful and attentive. We also enjoyed the cocktails- especially the punch! I can't wait to come back again soon.There is magic sorcery happening in the kitchens here. Multiple time throughout the meal more than one of us exclaimed if this is what hummus, pita, insert dish is, I have obviously never eaten the right thing before 8 thumbs up. Delicious beyond mortal comparison.Easy 5 stars for Saba.  Great cocktail list to start, all the cocktails were well prepared.  Food ranged from good to spectacular.  We were a group of six so were able to try a pretty wide range.  Highlights on the menu were the brussel sprout hummus, falafel, lamb kabob, carrot salad and roast potatoes.  Labneh and lutenitsa were also great.  The pita bread was fantastic for dipping.
The only dish that was remotely not up to expectations was the family style harissa roasted chicken, only because the skin was not quite crispy as advertised.  
Service was friendly and attentive. For me this was right up there with Zahav in Philadelphia and a big step above The Palomar in London for this type of food.  Highly recommended.I've been wanting to try out this place for so long because I just love Mediterranean food. When Saba was suggested for a ladies brunch I was like " yeah let's go" and I'm so glad I did. They have their own parking lot which is super convenient. We arrived promptly at 12 ( our reservation time) - please do make a reservation. We were seated immediately at a corner table next to the bathrooms ( not the greatest). If I were to reserve a table I would ask for one near the front window. 
The waiter took our drinks order and brought water for the table. I do like that they refill your water glass all the time. My cappuccino arrived cold so I sent it back. It arrived warm but not hot. I specifically said I wanted it hot. When you can down a cappuccino in one gulp then it's not hot enough! Anyway, I just let it slide. There were four us ladies and we ordered the following:
Brussel sprout hummus ( to share) - 'this was soooo good! It comes with pita bread. 
Crispy potatoes ( to share)- this was ok. Super oily - don't think I would order this again. 
Cured salmon on toast - this was nice. I mean it didn't blow my mind. 
Salmon dish - this arrived undercooked and cold. We sent it back. Second time around it was tasty. Just horrible that we had to wait for the food and couldn't all eat together. 
Aubergine sandwich - this was yummy. 
Dessert - we had the labneh cheesecake. Omg! My 4 stars is probably just for this cheesecake. It was so good I'm considering calling them to ask for the recipe lol! 
I would go back and try out the small plates. The only downer is that the waitress brought the bill/ check to the table before we asked for it. It's like.... ok you spent all this money at our Restuarant but it's time for you to go! I mean what if I wanted another drink? It's just rude. I really really really hate restaurants that do that! Like I get it, you're trying to turn tables , but I just spent some serious money! 
Sorry for the rant but yeah it truly annoys me. 
The decor is crisp and clean and it really is a nice restaurant. I can imagine how beautiful it is when the weathers good and you can sit outside.The blue crab and leek hummus is a must. The flavors are delicious, but not overwhelming. Makes you realize that your grocery store hummus is absolute garbage by comparison.
The shakshouka was delicious, especially with the ample servings of freshly baked pita that accompany it.
The grits were a bit too powerful of a flavor when combined with my shakshouka, but would be a great accompaniment for a simpler dish.The backstory between Shaya and Saba is interesting; I don't have much to add to the numerous news stories but it's worth looking up. I figured I'd try both with an open mind. Saba is the sort of place that doesn't specify a dress code but feels like it has one. It's a nice airy Uptown building that one drives by between Whole Foods and Audubon Park.
I wanted a light dinner to share and ended up with the basics: hummus (with sunflower seeds and some sort of peas), falafel, and Persian rice. The best thing I ordered was probably the house root beer, which such a strong mix of spices that even when the ice melted the remaining drink was still full-flavored. The hummus carried an unusually nutty flavor (the sunflower seeds maybe) that caught me off-guard but grew on me considerably. The falafel, even with four pieces to share was delicious and filling. I wasn't sure how special the crusted Persian rice would be, but it was pretty tasty, though the dates that came along with it clashed with the flavor in a way that didn't work for me.
There's not much negative to say about the food, but I guess I just enjoy a more casual, low-rent vibe. For a more highbrow occasion, I definitely recommend it.Unsurprisingly, Saba is a great restaurant.  Pretty much the same playbook as Shaya with a lot of hummus and dips served with amazing house made pita bread.  Also some small/medium size plates along with 3 large options such as a whole chicken, etc. to be shared among 2+ people.  Everything is great but the lamb kebab really stood out - ground lamb, herbs, spices, etc. which is VERY flavor forward and I could eat any day.  The wood roasted apple was very unique as it was a thinly sliced ribbon of apple that was roasted and put back on the plate to look like something you might find at a modern art museum.
The space is large, and the addition of a communal table as well as a long bar that seats probably 15+ people are improvements from Shaya so you can potentially even walk in without a reservation and not be turned away.  Overall, it's really good food that's even fairly reasonably priced all things considered.  Well done, as expected.Really impressed by Saba, and very happy to support this establishment. The service was pleasant, but a little awkward in terms of pacing. In terms of the quality of food though, this is an easy five star review. We ordered the carrot salad (A MUST GET), falafel, zucchini baba ganoush, Bulgarian feta, beets. and looooots of pita bread. Everything was outstanding, particularly the carrots. Excellent balance of fun and new flavors. We're leaving here absolutely stuffed and satisfied.I will start by saying this place is defiantly on the pricey side. I was attending a summer launch event at Kendra Scott right next door and got hungry but wanted a light snack. My mom and I came over here just to take a look at the menu and was very skeptical. Nothing sounded very appetizing but maybe we need broader palettes. We decided to stay and get a drink at least. When looking over the menu we saw a lemon butter blue crab hummus and was like .. ok maybe they did something there. We ordered it and OMG. It was so good!! I will say the lemon is very very powerful. It took me aback the first bite so, if lemon is not your thing or you only like it a little little bit I would not recommend this. The pita is unbelievably good and we just kept ordering more and more because of how fast we were going through it! My pineapple eucalyptus was really good before it got watered down and my moms mint Julip was really strong but so good. We ended off with the cheesecake....... wasn't a big hit for me. It had like pear sauce on the bottom of the plate and I felt like I was eating baby food. If you like the consistency of apple sauce and you like pears you'd probably love it. The cheesecake itself was very fresh and not very sweet. The topped it with a pistachio baklava pastry which just added to the non-sweetness. My mom loved it and I wasn't so fawn of it. I'd come back.. not sure what else I'd order besides the crab hummus and a drink but I won't knock it!unbelievable cauliflower hummus. damn. the squash was also pretty delicious! overall, great energy and a beautiful atmosphere!I finally got around to updating my review even though it's been a few months. This time, I made reservations for 2 during a busy dinner time (7:30 pm). We were seated to our table fast--within 10 minutes of checking in (we checked in just a few minutes early).
The food was great, as expected. We ordered three small plates for $21. The Lutenitsa and hummus plates were delicious (I don't recall the third small plate). We shared the family-size Red Bass served in a poblano sauce. The fish was cooked beautifully the poblano sauce was not that impressive but paired well with it. We purposely ordered less small dishes because we thought the $60 family-sized fish would leave us with an excess of leftovers, but this was not the case. We were a party of two and this was enough food to be satisfied but definitely not family-size proportions. 
All in all, the food tasted excellent, the service was efficient, and our waitress was friendly.I really enjoyed saba, the service, second to none, and the food was better than i imagined, my new favorite place in New Orleans. Cant wait yo enjoy again.I've been here a few times when I'm down in Nola. They have very good hummus and pita. The pita is hot and fresh from the oven. I've had large plates here that are good but I think it's more fun to get small plates and share. Shakshuka is delicious here. I love that this place has arak an Arab/Israeli liquor like ouzo or absinthe. Reminds me of Israel. They also have chocolate hazelnut babka that is really good. 
If you are looking for Israeli or Jewish style food in New Orleans this is the place.Great service and amazing food! The fresh from the oven pita is amazing and they bring you one at a time so it's always warm. Don't worry, the staff is attentive, so the next one arrives before you run out. 
The Brussel sprout hummus is amazing. It is a plate of hummus with several perfectly cooked sprouts in the middle of the dish. 
We then have 3 salatim, the feta, labnah, and eggplant. These are smaller plates, but perfect with the pita. 
We then had the lamb kebab and roasted carrots. Both were great. 
For dessert we had the babka. It is good, but I would say it kind of reminded me of a chocolate version of a cinnamon bun. It was less like a bread than I have had in the past.Really extraordinary food. Every dish had a unique twist and flavor to known Israeli dishes. The restaurant is beautiful and has a great atmosphere. The service was really good as well.  Totally worth the trip outside of the French Quarter.While in New Orleans, I did not have many restaurants that were vegetarian friendly but I came across this restaurant! The food was amazing, fresh, and had a lot of flavor! The pita is super fresh and soft! Recommend the hummus, seasoned fries, and the falafel sandwich. The ambiance was very cute and trendy. It was one of the best Mediterranean restaurants I tried. I'm just sad that there isn't one in Los Angeles.Amazing group lunch!  We had a party of around 15 and we had the family style "Saba Table" lunch with lots of dishes.  Wow.
Isaiah was our server - the epitome of humor and efficiency.  He's one of those servers that takes all the drinks orders and special requests without writing them down, then gets them absolutely right, seemingly effortlessly.
And the food - it was delicious!  The pita bread was soft, with a nice grilled flavor, and came with lots of sauces to try.  The breakfast pita sandwiches were so good.  Roasted potatoes, same.  Everything was great.  We all ate an unwise amount of food, and there were still leftovers.
The atmosphere was great too, but honestly - I was focused on my friends and all that good food.Had an amazing meal on the patio, we were transported to Lebanon or Israel or some other progress Middle Eastern country with the smells and tastes of that part of the world!  Our waiter was extremely attentive with out being obtrusive and had exceptional recommendations.
The portions are not huge but the complexity, quality and flavor more then compensated for quantity.  Highly recommend the humus and the skirt steak was exceptional oh and of course the pita bread is ridiculously good!!!After having at Shaya a few years back the bar was set super high, and Saba did not disappoint. Service was great and the food was incredible! If you haven't been go!! Interiors were as warm and cozy as the food!We have all had hummus before but Saba's Hummus was breathtaking. My husband threatened to lick the bowl. The lamb was perfectly cooked and the sauce on the hanger steak was delicious. Dave and the whole staff provided us exceptional service. They are also very respectful of allergies which I personally appreciate.Everything we ate here was delicious. We decided to go family style so that we could all try a bit of everything and we were not disappointed. I think the general consensus at the end was that we would all come back and just stuff ourselves with humus and fresh pita. The Brussel sprout humus was so good with whatever else they put in there I could probably eat multiple by myself. The lamb kebab was extremely tender and enjoyable. We went for lunch so they have pita sandwiches, and the fried eggplant pita was really good. Even the next day as leftovers. 
The restaurant itself is very nice and bright and open, very inviting. However on the pole that we were sitting next to it seemed like flies were gathering, at one point there were 5 flies on the pole, which was a bit worrying as the Windows weren't open. 
What I wish someone would have told me before I ate here was that Saba has an almost identical menu to Shaya. Of course we loved everything we ate, but I couldn't help feeling I had tried it all before so it wasn't the blow away experience I had been waiting for when I waited 6 months for my reservation.Our first time, after trying to get reservations for a long time, was last night. (We called about a month out for 3 people. Saba has a sophisticated atmosphere, with a clean polished look.  It is beautiful. We had the blue crab and regular hummus w/ their divine, addictive freshly baked pita bread. Both were very good. The falafel was crunchy, hot and greaseless-perfection! The hanger steak came w/a yummy sauce and we gobbled it up. So glad we had dessert! The chocolate babka w/homemade hazelnut gelato was one of the best desserts I have EVER had. Do not leave without ordering it.Hands down one of our favorite meals. Whenever we are in New Orleans, we come here. Alonso Shaya never disappoints. There's excellent food, then there's Saba. Nothing quite compares to the quality & flavors. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.Had a wonderful dinner. Had a cousin in town from California and the food was spectacular. Our server Corbin was amazing and made some great recommendations. I will be a regular and Saba is one of my go-to's for family and friends visiting New Orleans. Great work team.Saba is A-MAZING. I am a HUGE fan of Shaya, and was a little disappointed by the circumstances surrounding the departure of Alon, but am so grateful for his new place. It's the old Kenton's and while it still feels similar, the layout is completely different and I like it better than the previous place. The food reminds me of Shaya (as it should, and as I expected) and did not disappoint. My friend and I shared five small dishes and that was more than enough food. The pita is the same pillow-y pita from Shaya and, perhaps, more delicious. The hummus offerings are different - our hummus had a soft egg. I was a little hesitant at first to order this, but, I figured the chef knows what he's doing, so it must be good. And it was. So good. The service was also impeccable. Definitely a must stop for food lovers!This place does not stop to amaze me! The food and the service is great. The quality of the dishes and the combination in  the ingredients is unique. My favorite is the brussel  sprout hummus and the labneh. Also love how they keep bringing you pita bread!I was totally ready to love Saba tonight, and it was almost great. I feel like other reviewers have discussed the restaurant's many fine attributes, so I'll focus on its easily-corrected shortcomings in case they're important to potential diners, or enough others feel similarly that management makes adjustments. The majority of the dishes were on par with my experience at Shaya (i.e. amazing), but there were two glaring issues:
1. The caviar service was $60 for trout eggs,  which is fine. But for that price, serving it with bags of Zapp's potato chips and insufficient garnishes is just not acceptable (creme fraiche, chopped boiled eggs, and chives are neither expensive nor hard to procure). I like caviar and know it's expensive, I have never complained about another restaurant's caviar prices. It'd help to write Zapp's on the menu instead of "potato chips," which many would take to mean house-made at that price point.  I like Zapp's with a $10 sandwich but it's bizarre to be served bagged potato chips with essentially a $60 appetizer. Places that make their own potato chips to serve with caviar also make them a better caviar vessel shape than Zapp's. Saba needs to level up or just not serve caviar. 
2. Maybe this is just my pet peeve, but the water glasses are tiny, maybe 6 ounces, with no bottle of water for the table. I get the aesthetic appeal, but that shouldn't require sacrificing hospitality. I hate feeling like I have to ration my water, and the staff was not especially speedy about refills - and sometimes they didn't even fill the glasses very full. In their defense, how can you be fast enough when diners have such tiny glasses? This left me with a little indigestion and disinclined to return without a big bottle of water of my own (which I briefly contemplated stepping out to buy from Whole Foods). 
Overall, I might go back but 100% will not get the caviar and will bring a big bottle of water.Who would fly to New Orleans & search out a middle eastern place to eat? I WOULD. 
Saba's blew my skirt up!
A Must, A Must, A Must. Ask for Heather!-Great phenomenal service, 
-The ambiance was very intimate, 
-Alon Shaya and his team are very humble and kind people.
- The menu was impeccable and is far the greater extension to the menu from Shaya, 
-this place leaves you feeling happy and fully satiated. 
-Tables need to be reserved
Bar service will have an hour wait
CONCLUSION '' Fresh made Pita is life''My wife and I were so thrilled that Alon and team are back, so much so, that when I started planning where to eat shortly after buying plane tickets, Saba was my very first reservation. Three months prior! I'm happy I thought that far ahead of time as they were booked and only had a 9:30 reservation available. Not a problem though and we were giddy with excitement to eat here. And I have to say, the food for the most part delivered and was very tasty, but there were some misses for sure. The Foie Gras dish was burnt and sent back and the nuts were stale, bordering on rancid oil. For a packed house Saturday night with I'm sure all kitchen A-team in place, it is puzzling that this made it out of the kitchen. With this much forethought and planning on our part, and everyone's part I'm sure that plans for a meal here, there was such a tepid, lukewarm reception that it really did set the wrong tone for our night. When making the reservation initially and then during my phone call confirmation, I stated time and time again how excited I was to eat at Saba, and stated how much admiration I have for Alon and his career since discovering him at Shaya some 4 years ago. We were greeted with a very dismissive unwarm hostess and shown to our table. Whoever guides the service really needs to address this and fix it fast, it's just hospitality 101 and hard to turn it around even if the rest of the night was flawless which sadly it was not. Ushered to our table, we were shocked to be put in the bar area closest to the bar stools, a very uncomfortable and not "special" spot for dinner. Looking across the dining room and seeing banquettes and seeing other tables that had a bit of a buffer from the bar area hustle, bustle and noise was just frustrating. Keeping these few bar tables for unplanned walk-ins, which I'm sure there are many, is probably the better plan, not for people who went to so much effort to join you for dinner. From a service perspective, the only way I can sum up the tone was that it was missing warmth and sincerity that we were there; a tab dismissive and dare I say, full of themselves. Confidence is one thing, and a good thing, but to feel like they didn't care whether we were there is a sinking feeling. Kind of broke my heart to broke my heart. I can't state strongly enough that I hope the business owners and staff take these comments in the spirit it was given. I really hope they iron out these kinks and continue to grown and ask the tough questions to become a great restaurant. I would really love to go back and give it 2nd shot, but there just not enough reasons to do so at this point, not with so many options in New Orleans and far too many that deliver every single time!My boyfriend and I came for lunch last Saturday. After each course, we sat in silence. We closed our eyes with each first bite. We said "Wow" and "What the fuck" a lot. 
Yes, it's that good. 
We started with a bowl of the simplest hummus and a crackly, steamy balloon of housemade pita--the best versions of both I've ever tasted. 
Next: crispy latkes, the largest I've ever seen, with ribbons of pastrami salmon, tahini, and capers on top.
My boyfriend devoured his lamb shashlik, then we split the massive falafel sandwich: pita overflowing with Israeli salad and hot, herby chickpea balls, the latter fried to the ideal crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside consistency. 
 If we weren't stuffed, we would have ordered more.Real good food and service was great. Very rich, salty and oily food which tastes good but I'd ask for less oil next time if possible...So good!! Went for a friend's birthday and the staff was so great. The food was amazing and was in great position sizes. Loved the family style options!!Everything was great except for the tabouli. The bread was fresh, hot and plentiful. The hummus creamy and flavorful. The veggies were all roasted perfectly. Service was professional and helpful. As a vegetarian in a meat-heavy city, I highly recommend Saba (lots of vegan options, too), just skip the tabouli.Saba took our money and didn't provide enough food for twelve people. They forced a family style menu and provided one piece of fish and one order of short ribs, and appetizers. We ended up paying over $1200. We could have each had our own meal for the cost.  People in the group didn't even get some of the entree because it was so insufficient. What was conveyed in booking turned out not to be what was delivered. The food is tasty but this place is Not worth large group patronage, your money is better spent elsewhere.Oh Wow
Can't even articulate how great this experience was.... Sat at the bar.  Oliver the bartender is a genius.  Those cocktails were mindblowing.  Collectively we tried them all. Every one of them I would recomend.  Oliver also recced all of our food. Once again, MINDBLOWING.  I think the manager? Jessica also stopped by and talked with us.  So kind and respectable and I cannot say enough good things.  Will be back.Heard nothing but amazing things about this restaurant-I could not get rid of it for a couple of days afterward.  Nothing that I had was good.  Everything that I had left me with a bad taste in my mouth and horrible gi issues in the days after eating here.  I will not return.It is impossible to accurately describe in written words how truly amazing this place is. The food, drinks, service, atmosphere- all woven together to create the perfect experience. Our server Dave was unbelievably attentive with refills and menu suggestions. There were four of us so we opted for ordering a bunch of small plates: brussel sprout hummus, arugula salad, falafel, lamb kebab, flank steak, roasted zucchini, the list goes on. We also order their signature cucumber infused water and 3 of their featured cocktails of the night which was a mezcal and amaro concoction benefiting women in the service industry.  Our dirty plates were removed promptly, our water was never empty, and the pits bread kept coming. But it was the fluid concept of how every single plate mixed well with the next that was so impressive. I sincerely can not wait to return.We visited from out of town on a Friday night. The food was wonderful. I highly recommend the Brussels sprouts hummus and the shakshuka. The fresh pita bread is warm and soft. The food can't be better. The ambiance of the restaurant wasn't as lively as I was hoping. It was very low key and kind of empty for a Friday night. I recommend going here for the food but not for a fun night out.My friends and I were so excited to try Saba one day for lunch a few days after it opened. My initial impression is that the restaurant is very beautiful and the space is really comfortable. Although it was pretty full it wasn't loud. This would be a great place to bring my parents who complain about noisy restaurants. Our server was wonderful too. She was so nice and helpful. We tried a bunch of things. We started with the ikra, bulgarian feta, and one other thing I can't remember. I really liked the ikra. The roe was nice and salty. We got the blue crab hummus to share. It was delicious, a really nice summery dish. The pita was plentiful and they brought more and more as we needed it. I really appreciated that. We also got the safta's fried eggplant pita which was good but I was pretty full by that point to enjoy it. We got the seasoned fries as a side which were way too seasoned and spicy for me to enjoy. Overall, this was a wonderful meal though it didn't quite blow my socks off the way my first meal at Shaya did when I went years ago. Still, I'm happy that Alon Shaya has a new place and I will continue to support!Unbelievable food. I went with my best friend to catch up and we both couldn't stop eating raving to each other about our food. I'm a vegetarian - and I convinced my carnivorous bff to eat like me for the night. We enjoyed the tahini hummus, labneh, asparagus, tabuleh, potatoes, and shakshuka. My friend also got the lamb kabob. It was all fabulous!! We couldn't stop indulging in the pita too - super fluffy and fresh. We saved room for dessert and we were so glad we did. The chocolate babka was unreal - 10/10. Going to have to go back soon!!Blue Crab Hummus? Bulgarian Feta? My trip to Saba left me with favorite dishes I never knew existed.
The Middle East and Mediterranean meet New Orleans in this one of a kind restaurant that will leave you stuffed but wanting more. 
On our visit to New Orleans we received a recommendation to eat at Saba, and suffice to say, it was the best food we had on our trip. Saba blends many favorites from the Mediterranean and Middle East and gives them a local flair. Overall, there wasn't enough room in my stomach or time in our evening to try everything that I wanted.
We began the evening with their unique cocktail menu, followed it with their small plates and sides, and finished the night with one of their family style entrees. Easily one of the best meals I've had.
I recommend that you plan ahead, they are busy and you need to make a reservation several days in advance for dinner if you want to have a table during their peak times.We eat here almost every time we are in New Orleans and we travel there often! The food is amazing and there are lots of choices for my husband who is vegan. We appreciate restaurants that allow us to bring our own wine and never blink an eye at a corkage fee. That being said, when your server spills a glass of wine from $150 bottle, I would think that they would forgo the $20 corkage feeBetter than really Good 
Two us went here for the first time and this was one of the best if not the best place we have ever eaten at in a while. We ordered the entrée braised beef short ribs and the hummus was the Escabeche. The potatoes they serve were better than any potato dish I have every tried. The pita bread served with the meal is the very best I have ever eaten.  The complete experience is worth going back time and again.Oh WOW! I've been wanting to check out Alon Shaya's new restaurant and over MG week, I finally did. My visitor was surprised to get a reservation on a Friday night but she didn't realize that night's parades were starting just blocks away. Zero problems being dropped off by a rideshare. 
Food was delicious. We had the beets, feta, and the roasted apple, along with brussel sprouts hummus. Everything was amazing, delicious, rich, interesting, well prepared, all the superlatives. Neither of us was starving since we had each had a large lunch but we wished we had room for more food. The apple was interesting in that it was roasted with tahini but was so gorgeous, we hesitated in demolishing it...until we tasted it then all bets were off. And of course, the pita was delish and was whole wheat the night I went so a little more substantial then the usual white wheat.
I had a yummy old fashioned while I was there. There drink menu is super inventive but I just needed an old standby. And of course the wine list is good too.
Service was attentive without being pushy. The atmosphere is lovely and airy. Definitely will be back soon.The service was amazing! Our server was so sweet! Didn't catch his name but he had a tattoo on his left arm! He was very attentive to us. The food was delicious and we ordered a few things to share for a birthday dinner of five. He even brought out the birthday cake on a silver platter! It's the perfect spot for a special occasion or romantic date night. The food was delicious as well. We ordered the 3 for $21 Salatim, blue crab hummus, grilled octopus with tomato, striped bass, foie gras, and a side of crispy potatoes with black garlic.Out of this world! Food was fantastic! Highly recommended. Casual atmosphere and very friendly staff. Oh and did I say food is fantastic!!!Another lunch visit to Saba and another outstanding meal. Saba is so inviting to hang at, atmosphere and service are great along with amazing food. 
The Humus with charro poblano is awesome along with the eggplant and tasty hot pita bread. 
I tried their roasted octopus this time and wow, it was full of flavor and so tasty. 
This place has it all, great food with amazing cocktails and wonderful service. 
Enjoy."Who would possibly want to spend $20 on blue crab hummus?", I thought, 20 minutes before walking in. 
I was so, so foolish. Saba lives up to the hype and more.This place was nice. To be fair, I'm not a fan of small plates, and we didn't know it was one of those places before we made the reservation. Pretty expensive too. We got a mix of small plates and medium plates. the food was very tasty and service was great. I can understand why people like it. Just not my cup of tea which is why I gave it only 4 stars.My husband and I had such a wonderful dinner here. During our trip in NOLA, this was our favorite spot. All the staff and food was top notch.We showed up at 6:30 on a Friday without reservations. Shame on us. We waited about an hour for seats to open up at the bar, and let me say that it was worth every minute. While we waited, Oliver and Megan made sure we had drinks and made sure we were taken care of. When we finally sat, Oliver, Kyle, and John took amazing care of us. The menu seems simple on it's face, but the food is amazing (the best dolma we've ever had!!!), andOliver is an excellent mixologist whose cocktail recipes are well balanced and compliment the food menu. It was a joy chatting with the staff, and it made for a wonderful evening out. If you ever have the opportunity to celebrate Chanukah in New Orleans, Saba is the place to be.Alon Shaya is an artist. His food is unique and mind blowing. I don't even know how to describe my joy, except to say that I think I must be experiencing HIS joy that comes through in each dish. If you've ever seen the film, "Like Water for Chocolate", you'll understand what I'm talking about. Magical Peasant Food! I just bought his cookbook, shaking his hand is now on my bucket list, please treat yourself to this wonderful restaurant.Came to Saba for lunch and had high expectations since this is the newest Mediterranean restaurant Uptown with Chef Shaya. Upon entry, the hostess is extremely friendly and seated us quickly. Make sure to make reservations a few weeks before you plan on coming because they get booked quickly! 
Started off lunch with salatim (ikra, tabbouleh, and Bulgarian feta). All were delicious! The Ikra was creamy and I loved the salmon roe. The tabbouleh was light and refreshing (if I had to choose this one would be my least favorite of the three). The Bulgarian feta was perfect with the fresh pita bread. 
Next, we had the brussels sprouts hummus and the shakshouka. The hummus was the highlight of my meal - so smooth and creamy! The brussels sprouts were cooked perfectly and I loved the hint of spice.  The shakshouka was also good and something I don't normal order. But the runny egg and roasted parsnips were too tasty.  
The décor was simple. All the dishes were presently nicely and portions were larger than expected. My only criticism is that the waiter made my table feel a bit uncomfortable as he only made eye contact with one person at the table. But otherwise, I would come back to Saba again and would recommend to my friends.Disclaimer: This review is about the service that we actually didn't receive.  I'm sure the food is as amazing as it was at Shaya).
I called to ask if reservations were necessary (specifically indicated for the next hour) and they responded that we could get a table without a reservation in a "first come, first served" basis which she said at the moment there wasn't a wait. So in we walk, within 5 minutes, to an empty dinning room and patio (it may sound like an exaggeration but it's not, there were 3 tables with people seated at them and no one in the patio), only to be told the wait for a table of 2 was 2 hours and we can only be seated at the bar which was at the moment full.  I really don't quite understand that mentality or business decision. Sounds very New York, I guess.  Perhaps they didn't have enough wait or kitchen staff for the capacity of the space; or perhaps the entire patio and indoor seating areas were reserved soon, but neither of these are reasons to not seat a limited amount of walk-ins when there are a plethora of tables. I would understand if they only had a few tables left, but this was literally the entire space save for less than a hand full. I wish they would've told us about the 2 hour wait on the phone. I'm sure someday I'll try again with a reservation and it'll be amazing but I felt I had to share my initial negative experience for its absurdity.The pita:Breath taking, the service: excellent, the ambiance:crowded but lovely. Try everything...it was all delicious. But seriously, THE PITA...hummus with roasted veggies was top notch also...would pay serious kudos to Alon Shaya...he knows what he is doing and I am thankful for his vision, and execution. There are so many incredible Vegetarian and Vegan options...this restaurant is legendary.We came to Saba because we had seen Alon Shaya on t.v. and we couldn't stop thinking about his food ever since.  We are from Maine but were in New Orleans on business and someone mentioned his restaurant was there.  That did it!  We were going!  On line reservations were easy.  Upon arrival we were seated quickly in a room with a hip vibe.  We had a great waiter that helped us gauge how much we could comfortably eat.  We told him we wanted room for dessert and his recommendation was perfect. We  don't drink and started our meal with their house made sodas:  cucumber mint and then  rootbeer.  Wonderful!  We shared 3 small plates: Lutenitsa, Labneh and Bulgarian Feta, all served in little dishes with freshly made bottomless pita.  Then we had our next dish which was Tahini hummus with Brussels sprouts.  Next was lamb kebab which just melted in our mouths!  We had room for dessert and so we shared a Labneh cheesecake with pistachio baklava and caramelized pear and a cappuccino.   It will likely go down in our personal history as the  meal with the most   unique flavor profile  we have ever eaten.  And it was my birthday!  What a great place to celebrate!I wandered in at around noon on a Saturday and was immediately seated for lunch since a party of 2 had just canceled. Service was fast and friendly. I ordered the grilled octopus, the bulgarian feta salatim, and the potato latke small plate. The latkes were fried to perfection and wonderful when topped with the creamy whipped feta and slices of smoked salmon. The bulgarian feta was quite good, especially with the leeks and fresh pita. I enjoyed the octopus but probably wouldn't order it again-- I didn't like the spice mix much, and the meat itself wasn't as tender as I hoped it would be.
Based off what I ate today, I can't wait to return. It's low-key enough that I'd go to Saba again by myself just for a treat, but also fancy enough that I'll plan to take my husband to commemorate a special event. I'm looking forward to trying the blue crab or brussels sprouts hummus, the roasted apple salatim, and the vegetarian shishlik (the current option is charred delicata squash - yum). and I'll certainly order the potato latkes again!!The best! So worth it. Alon Shaya (James Beard Award Winning chef) brought his A-game to Saba, turning a beautiful corner home into a swanky, cozy French lounge with a bar and freshly baked pita service. 
PROS: 
- Delicious drinks! Get 'em. Their syrups are housemade which make the drinks taste unbelievable.
- Freshly baked and steaming hot pita bread at your table when you run out. Our server didn't warn us about overstuffing on bread. But dammit we lapped up the hummus at our hearts' content! We're tourists after all.
- Blue crab hummus was unique (never seen anywhere), but what blew us away was his famous smoky lutenitsa. It was the dish he saw his grandmother prepare as a child and what made him fall in love with food.
- service was outstanding 
- did I mention the gorgeous French interior?
I highly recommend you don't miss out on Saba.
TIPS: Make a reservation. 
Go for a walk in the neighborhood. after a heavy dose of Saba. Check out the noisy ducks in Audubon Park! They are hilarious.While visiting my daughter, she recommended Saba!! What a treasure! Fresh middle eastern food! Falafel, eggplant and more!!  4 dishes, a cocktail, soda and dessert ( enough to split) ) under 75 for 2. I would classify this restaurant as 5star Manhattan!Best Mediterranean food in NOLA hands down. The aesthetic of Saba is chill and elegant, and the pita bread is fluffy. The food is made with precision, and order the mezzes to see why. The pita is the best in town.Food is incredible but not a place for a large party. They won't divide a check for 12 people into more than 4 checks. Better if absolutely no splitting of checks or run each individual card. Service was decent for a big group, but she still had to be asked several times for a person's drink, coffee cups, fresh plates, etc. We would absolutely come here again, just not with a large party.Great and unusual Mediterranean restaurant.   Food is tasty and so fresh.  We had 3 small plates:   Ikra, tabouleh, and lutenitsa.  All delicious with ikea and tabouleh our favorites.   Blue crab hummus was amazing.   Sides are served with hot pita which was superb.   The falafel sandwich tasted like we had in Israel and I highly recommend.Incredible service, Isaiah was an amazing waiter! Very cozy ambiance in a beautiful neighborhood.So good. The hummus and pita bread... the best we have ever had. We splurged for the blue crab hummus. A tad more expensive but worth it. Every was delicious. Just remember to make reservations in advance!This is one of my top five favorite places in Nola, and coming from a foodie that is saying a lot. It's not just about the food at Saba (don't worry, I'll get to the scrumptious later) it's about the whole experience. 
It's about the dining, the openness of the space, the chatter filling each table creating the most vibrant white noise. You feel invited, and welcomed, and more importantly you want to stay a while.
I was on a double date for brunch and we wanted to try it all. The menu didn't do us any good though as every dish was something different we've never heard of before. Our server recommended a few items and each dish was robust with delicious flavors. The dishes are served family style which I love because it brings a whole new element to your dining experience and brings people together.
We took our time and never felt rushed to move on to the next dish or leave. We all had a few too many Moscow Mules and topped it off with dessert and an espresso. 
Besides the food, the best thing about Saba is the location. Louder for people in the back - LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!! Even though your on busy Magazine, you almost feel tucked away canopied by the trees lining the street. And then you enter into this beautiful trendy in all the right ways corner restaurant - a place where Carrie Bradshaw would take the girls to drop some real tea if you know what I mean.
I'll be back soon!Went on date night with the hubs. Great atmosphere to grab some drinks Small bites. Hummas was great!Saba has to be the biggest surprise for me in a long time (specially because I am the 1% who didn't like Shaya and I was expecting a similar disappointing experience). Our dinner was just perfect!
Kudos to our server, first of all, who guided us through the menu and also (unexpectedly) warned us that we were ordering too much food. He was right and we ended up with just the perfect combination of quality and quantity. We were there for dinner and had: The salatim combo (3) + hummus + 2 shishliks + 1 small plate. I should probably mention we were just 2 celebrating our wedding anniversary ;-)
Highlights: blue crab hummus & octopus shishlik. 
On the not-so-great side:
- The falafel failed to blow our taste buds away, but it was still good
- What was up with the bartender who practically refused to make a margarita just because they had a "similar" drink on the menu?I went to Shaya and was disappointed that the food was noticeably less impressive then my past experience there.  I did some research and found the original chef had moved to Saba. I am so happy to be reunited with probably the best food I've ever had in my life. The hummus is crazy smooth and tasty, it's out of this world. Everything we ordered one after the other was just incredible. There is no comparison to this food. I even purchased the cookbook hoping To capture any of these flavors at home in Cali. They have great Vegan and Vegetarian options here as well which is a super plus for me.  If you're in New Orleans, you're very lucky this place is in reach.Love, love, love Saba. Go for the fresh, hot pita but stay for the unique cocktails, vibrant atmosphere and fabulous food! My favorites were Brussels sprouts hummus, crispy potatoes and the lamb kabob. Everything we ordered was over the top! Dave is one of the best servers we've had in any restaurant. Looking forward to our next visit.Stopped by here for lunch, definitely need a reservation. Waited and was able to snag a seat at the bar. I do wish the hostesses were a little more friendly, they seemed overwhelmed and not accommodating in the slightest. Beautiful simple decor. Food was spectacular. I had the mushroom hummus which was delightful. The lemon sauce in the feta small plate was amazing with the pita. Overall delicious Mediterranean, just wish the staff seemed happier.Saba is a great restaurant for elegant Israeli food. It is quite popular, so reservations are recommended. I went late on a Friday night and it was still quite crowded. The restaurant is dimly lit and romantic. You can see the beautiful blue pita oven when you walk inside and their pita is definitely a highlight of the meal. I went with one other person and we ordered the Brussels sprouts hummus and 3 orders of salatim- the lutenitsa, asparagus, and tabouleh. This was more than enough food for the both of us. The hummus was outstanding and was so smooth with perfectly cooked Brussels sprouts on top. The three salatim dishes were all served cold but you ate them with the warm hummus. Our waitress brought out additional pita when we had finished our first serving. Saba was an excellent meal and I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.THERE ARE NO WORDS. This was our favorite/best meal in all of NOLA. It was simply spectacular. Not your usual med/middle eastern food, but has those flavors. WE LOVED every dish - we got the crab hummus, the marinated veggies, the apple tahini dish and the feta. Also the bread is divine. If I went back I would definitely do more feta and hummus, but may experiment with some of the others. ALL OF IT WAS AMAZING!!!!Amazing meal. From the pita bread to the shashouka to the carrot salad to the labneh. The Dionysus drink also delicious.This was the Bomb...
Apps- got the Blue Crab Hummus, Bulgarian Feta,Hanger Steak, & that outstanding Pita Bread( to Die for )
Atmosphere ---Fantastic, we book a reservation 3-weeks out.
Book early.....
Highly recommended....Wow, that pita isn't overhyped. It's piping hot and served with a delicious, quality olive oil.
Wasn't too hungry when I came here to eat with my mom, so we only ordered two things.
The blue crab hummus is special. Don't miss it.
And the Moroccan carrot salad is amazing. Do yourself a favor, and get both.Vegan and vegetarian delight!
Most restaurants we go to have mainly meat items on the menus, all the way fro appetizers to salads and soups and to entrees. Dessert is sparred meat, but not usually dairy or eggs. 
What a joy it was to have so many options to choose from at Saba!  
We choose 5 items. And a vegan dessert. All were new to us and spectacular. Now, all 6 items are
In our wheelhouse and will be made at home. 
What fun to explore and enjoy new cuisine!
Have a meal at Saba!
You will love it!Absolutely phenomenal. Walked in around 5pm on a Friday afternoon and was able to get a table for 2
Ordered the 3 salatim with Labneh (5/5), Zucchini Baba Ghanoush (5/5) and Wood-Roasted Apple (4.5/5). They were all flavorful and wonderful to pair with the piping hot pita that they give to you straight out of the oven (10/10)
Blue Crab Hummus and the Octopus were phenomenal. Even the tomatoes in the octopus dish were phenomenal. The most tender octopus that I've had in my life.
Yet as good as the other dishes were, the highlight was the Morrocan Carrot Salad. Like my friend said, it was almost like we weren't eating crispy. Crunchy, yet soft, full of flavor. Incredible.
Seating outside and at the bar. Tasty drinks. Good service. Fairly pricy meal but well worth it.Awesome food great presentation. Traveled all the way from NY to try this..worth the trip. Service was good, but server seemed a little busy. Very informative when he was around.Okay, I'm very impressed! The beautiful and delicate way that the dishes are crafted blows my mind! When I walked in, the Customer service was exceptional and our waiter as well. That's a huge part. The Food was delicious and the pita bread was the best part. That damn bread was cooked to perfection. It was phenomenal! I have no words to add that can't describe the beauty of the bread. Anyways, this deserves a damn award because everything was spectacular. You should be proud.When I heard that Chef Alon Shaya was opening a new restaurant, named Saba (Hebrew for grandfather), I couldn't wait to try it out. I had been a big fan of Chef's other Middle Eastern restaurant, the super-popular and multiple award winning Shaya, but had shied away from it due to recent controversies involving challenges over the name and John Besh's involvement. I couldn't wait to enjoy lunch at Saba on their opening day and lend Chef Shaya all of the support.
Upon entering, Saba feels different right away. The space has been beautifully done, portraits of Alon and Emily Shaya's respective grandfathers greet you at the front door and the restaurant has a very homey and welcoming feel. When I walked in, I really felt as if I was in someone's living room. Instead of booths, there's a lounge area with tables next to a lovely bar area, more tables- big and small, in the dining room, and a private "cafe" with a table that seats 14. Huge windows let in plenty of natural light, so you don't feel as if you're "stuck" inside while enjoying lunch. There's a lovely patio area outside, that's going to be perfect for sitting and watching the world go by, on really nice days.
As far as the food goes, the menu does feel very familiar. If you have eaten at Shaya, you'll immediately recognize Saba's "mix and match" tapas plates (3 for $15 and 5 for $25) and the selection of hummus including tahini and lamb. One thing that's new, and worth being noted, is the addition of blue crab hummus served with snap peas, lemon and mint. If you have taste that's a bit more expensive, you can dig into the caviar menu which includes Ossetra, Paddlefish, and Salmon caviar. There are other offerings such as lamb kabob, octopus, Matzo Ball soup and falafel.
The food I enjoyed:
Pita and olive oil: This came complimentary to the table after we ordered. Warm, fresh, fluffy pita that melted in my mouth served with smooth olive oil. This was the perfect munch while we waited for our meal.
Brussels sprouts hummus: perfectly roasted Brussels sprouts in delicious whipped creamy hummus served with fresh out-of-the-oven pita that was still warm. The sprouts were packed with flavor and a perfect start to the meal. Honestly, I could have easily stopped here. This was a meal in itself. 
Safta's fried egg plant sandwich: WHOA. Fried eggplant nestled into a pocket of pita bread. The eggplant was lightly fried and it was bathed in a delicious sauce that put it over the top. Big enough to share. 
Fried oyster schnitzel sandwich: Saba's version of an oyster "po boy". Lightly fried, salty oysters packed into warm pita bread dressed with cucumber. This sandwich is a must and it's shareable!
Moroccan carrot salad: This tasty side is generous and cooked to perfection. I think there's a yogurt and feta sauce with it. Fresh, of course, and memorable, especially for a veggie dish. 
Saba is open all day, and in between lunch and dinner, they have a menu full of delicious goodies to munch on, making this spot the perfect place to pop in after work to grab a drink and a quick bite at the bar. Saba will have a sister restaurant, Safta (Hebrew for grandmother), that is opening in Denver, so if you're over that way, and you like delicious Middle Eastern food, be sure to check it out.
I would absolutely dine here again. Chef Shaya greeted us when we walked in and welcomed us, and his lovely wife Emily stopped by our table, after our meal to make sure that we enjoyed everything. Service was impeccable and the staff moved like a well-oiled machine. 
Understandably, immediate reservations are a bit hard to come by at the moment, but Saba is definitely worth the wait. I'll definitely be back.This was one of the dinners I looked forward to the most during my holiday trip to the Big Easy, which was why we left it for the last day. A number of frien
The decor was fun and created a great vibe for the holiday. The food was authentic while still being approachable. The wine list is extensive and well thought out. Overall a nice experience. 
The 4 star comes from the mediocre hospitality we received from our waitress. She just wasn't very helpful or attentive. She seemed to get busier towards the end of our dinner and at one point it had been 20 minutes since she had touched our table, so we flagged down someone else to get the check. This would work for me in a town like Dallas or Denver, but New Orleans is so full of incredible dining experiences. It just left me thinking I wouldn't recommend to friends or take a trip back.Absolutely delicious! I got three small plates- the ikra, feta, and asparagus- and the mushroom hummus. It was SO tasty especially with Saba's homemade pita, which is amazing. The ambiance is very nice and Mr. Shaya was there greeting the guests, ensuring everyone was having a great dining experience. The small plates, hummus, and pita was enough for my friend and I, which made my luncheon experience extremely affordable. Plus, we sat at the bar - highly recommended especially for parties of 2 because we got instant service. The bartenders were incredibly friendly and helpful. I will definitely be going back to Saba and will be trying Mr. Shaya's Denver-based restaurant (Safta) in July !!!!Contemporary Israeli cuisine...done perfectly! The ingredients are the best and delivered with flawless technique. The salatim and hummus selections are best in class!! Bulgarian feta with preserved leeks and coriander seeds won for most interestingly delicious.  Lutenitsa is heart warming and smooth.  The hummus is fluffy and creamy.  
#gotherenow
#iheartsabaWe are regulars here. It is amazing. The hummus is the best I've ever had. The side dishes are chock full of flavor and physically just beautiful. The drinks are well balanced and delicious. The staff is courteous, friendly, and attentive without being overbearing. You should go.OMG...... They did it again. Managed to make me smile with sheer pleasure. Witt,the head Maître d'
Robby the MIC, Heather, the most amazing server, never disappoint.  Their people skills, they're hospitality warmth, is the best around. Talk about creating fabulous cuisine. Their Head Chef is beyond gifted.  It's a must when you get to Nola!!!!!!  This Tampa Bay Girl, wishes she lived closer. Thanks ever so much for all your talents.Best meal I had at a restaurant in a VERY long time.  Best meal in NOLA for sure.  Unique way of serving up some darn tasty Israeli food.  Wow Wow Wow.  Plus, fantastic service from a friendly and attentive waitress.  Delicious cocktails from the bar (although the bartender wasn't the friendliest).  All around great experience.  This is a NOLA must!Went to Saba for lunch because it was easier to get a reservation for earlier in the day. The interior of the restaurant is beautiful - very bright and open. 
We ordered 3 things: the Brussels Sprouts Hummus ($14), the Moroccan Carrot Salad ($14), and the Octopus ($14). The hummus was delicious - presented in a similar fashion to how it is at Shaya. The Brussels sprouts are fried, and I found that there was a hint of orange somewhere in the dish but couldn't place where. The hummus in and of itself was delicious. Overall it was really good, but I think I'd try to the Okra one if I go back. 
The Moroccan Carrot Salad was unreal. I love carrot salads to start with, and this one was absolutely up there with some of the best - I would definitely come back to Saba just for this dish. Lastly, I oddly enough found that the Octopus tasted similar to pork, which just kind of weirded me out, so I didn't really eat much of it. My friend really liked it though and ate all of it!
During the course of the meal, all of the waiting staff was so on top of bringing you more pita/asking you if you wanted more. I really appreciated that. All in all, the restaurant menu and dining experience felt very similar to Shaya (as one can imagine it would), but you can never have too much pita in New Orleans, right?I have been craving some good Mediterranean food. This exceeded all of my expectations and then some! The flavors were so unique and powerfully surprising! I had lunch with my husband and his friend and at first, they were disappointed with the lack of meat options on the menu stating "it looks more like a vegetarian menu". After several rounds of veggie-heavy dips, small plates and wood-fired pita, they were as thrilled as I was. Fantastic!!! The carrot salad (yes, doesn't sound amazing, but trust!!) was by far the winner!!I really love Saba. Though I've only been here for brunch, I start thinking about my next visit as soon as I walk out the door. It's worth coming here for the blue crab hummus alone. I really appreciate the seasonal updates they give to the dish. I also love their cocktails, but don't sleep on their cold brew. Even mixed with a shot of vodka, you'll be wide awake.A great place from Shaya! I have also been to shaya before  but if you have been to shaya Saba is definitely worth a try. Saba is very cute and chic they have a family style menu which is great if you are with a group. My friend and I came and sat at the bar. Just so you know  dinner starts at 5. We arrived at 4:30 and were informed we could order from the all day menu until dinner started! Not a problem at all, just something to be aware of. The first drink I ordered was the Palmer park swizzle and it was amazing!! Today they had a special on spritzes (I'm not sure if this is a weekly thing or not) I got the miss oda mae spritz which was also great. Both drinks were light and refreshing. To start off we got the blue crab hummus. Just wow, it does have a hefty $20 price tag but man is it worth it. There is blue crab, corn, and mint. They also give you endless hot pita to dip in it. When it was dinner time we ordered out kebabs. I got the lamb and my friend got the hanger steak. Both were out of this world. We both also go the crispy potatoes which are in this red sauce topped with scallions. They have a little kick and are honestly amazing. The service was great too!!!! I would def say go to Saba -support Alon Shaya!!!!!I go out to eat...a lot. I eat Israeli food...a lot. Saba is, by far hands down, the best meal I've had in a while.
Saba's owner previously ran Nola's famous restaurant, Shaya. Saba did not disappoint. Wow.
I need to talk about the bread. Carbs are my favorite food. Every Friday I treat myself to a bagel, it's my addiction, it's my vice (I'm a true New Yorker, what can I say?). I  would give up all the bagels in NYC for Saba's bread. I want to eat it every second of every day. I want to wrap myself in it. I want to put it in my pocket and take it home. I want to rub it all over my face. I don't care what it takes, I want an endless supply of it.
Oh, their other food is great too. Get the hummus (I had the lamb tongue one), the labneh was delicious, you can never go wrong with pickled veggies, and of course...cheese. That Bulgarian feta tho...YUM. I also had the octopus which was shawarma spiced. Say whaaaat?!?!?!
The menu is creative, diverse, and everything on it is fantastic. The service was excellent, as were the drinks. I cannot wait for my next trip to Nola. This will definitely be a repeat restaurant.My husband & I celebrated our 33rd Anniversary on Thursday night.  What a great experience!  Our waitress Allison was very knowledgeable & so attentive but not overly bearing.  The whole restaurant ran like a well oiled machine.  Very friendly staff & phenomenal food!!  We will be back because of the servers, the food, and the whole atmosphere made this a special night.  Thanks to all who had a part in doing so.My review is for their lunch service. They're pita is so heavenly, and the servers always come around with more. 
Salatim: Beets were ok; I'll get it again if I'm in the mood for it. I will definitely order the Bulgarian feta again. Pickled vegetables were very good. 
Hummus: They have the best hummus in the city and the blue crab one is perfection. The brussels sprout hummus is also very good
Sandwiches: Oyster Schnitzel and Fried Eggplant are both really good you can't go wrong with either. 
Small Plates: The potato latkes are another great option, very crunchy and not greasy. Fries are ok we got them for the children at the table. 
Shishlik: Charred Eggplant was very delicious. Octopus was tender but a bit too salty.Amazing food. I recommend ordering many of the small plates and sharing with your table.Holy snap this place is good. Probably some of the best pita I've ever had combined which is the perfect vehicle to scoop the most creative hummus. I love the use of ingredients that sadly don't make it to the States very often when you get Middle Eastern cuisine (like amba) as well as ingredients you might not expect when you think of Middle Eastern cuisine (like blue crab). It was fun going with friends so I could go a little crazy on the ordering, the hummuses were definitely the stand out dishes. Also loved several of the salatim (labneh, feta, pickled veggies), and the falafel. Everyone at our table commented on how crispy the falafel were which is usually a let down but then because of the falafel size there was a good amount soft and yummy filling inside. Add in some awesome cocktails and you have a wonderful spot.Been going there since it first opened. Would take guests there since we thought it was original for New  Orleans. Always a little pricey but that was fine. However over the past 18 months we have ordered takeout several times with the last time very recent.  The quality and quantity seem to be declining. Recently the pita bread was stone cold and just not very good. Always liked the blue crab hummus but we needed a magnifying glass to see if there was actually any crab in there and it was not as creamy as it formerly was. The lamb meatballs were very ordinary and not spiced adequately. The latkes are way too thick and too starchy. Hope they get it back on track.