Fantastic restaurant, food, service and ambience! I'm usually skeptical about fusion type places however they really created something new and delicious! Order the small plate appetizers, we practically licked the plates! Next time I'm going to try the gumbo curry....The only great Indian food in New Orleans, and some of the best I've ever had (including plenty of home-cooked meals from Indian friends and, more importantly, their mothers).The best lamb I have ever had, hands down. It was more tender and juicy than any steak, packed with more flavor than expected with such small pieces of meat. Even though they are only open on Fridays, I am definitely coming back again. ORDER THE LAMB CHOPS IT IS A MUST.  
I have ordered lamb before at many other places, and none have compared. 
For appetizer we had the crab dish. It was crab lump cake, with a side of delicious sauces to compliment. Let me tell you, the sauces are what makes that appetizer. The crab cake was okay, but dipping it in the sauce was what made it good.
My friend ordered the scallops. The flavor was delivered, the presentation beautiful, the aroma was on point. However, the scallops were a little chewy to my liking. Still good, but I'd probably try something else the next time I go. 
If you order an alcoholic beverage get the Mango Mohito. OMG. Talk about yummy.We just had the nicest meal at Saffron Nola!
The location is very unassuming (Westbank strip mall off Belle Chasse Hwy) but the restaurant is attractive and well appointed. The service was outstanding through every phase of the meal. When we arrived for our 7pm reservation, there were just a few other tables occupied, but in a very short time, the restaurant was full and bustling with happy diners.
We started off splitting appetizers: Fish Amritsari Chennai and Curried Gumbo. The fish was delicious, but I couldn't stop raving about the gumbo with curry. It was fantastic. The thoughtful waitress knew we were splitting it and had the kitchen put it in two separate little bowls for us. Nice touch. We also got an order of garlic naan.
For entrées, my companion had the herb-crusted salmon. He wished it had been a little more "done", but that was his fault for ordering it rare. Nevertheless, he happily ate every bite and said the flavors were wonderful.
I had the Tamarind shrimp, which was a little bit sweet and tangy and a touch spicy and all-around delicious. I was very happy with it, although I was still waxing poetic over the gumbo...
No room for dessert, so that will have to be a next-time thing!
I can't say enough how attentive and friendly the service was, from the owner down to the busser. The owner made the rounds of the tables, and stopped for probably five minutes to talk with us about his business and his menu. Very nice of him. 
FYI I had wine with dinner, so any liquor license issues mentioned in other posts are now resolved.
Bear in mind that they are only open for dining-in on Fridays and for brunch on select Sundays. The rest of the time, Saffron is a catering business.Great food great people that own it and very friendly staff. The lamb chops are great along with everything else on the menu.First, I am not a professional reviewer, just someone who appreciates quality food as well as good service and decor.
Visiting from Michigan and looking for a good Indian restaurant, my son recommended Saffron nola. That happened to have been an excellent suggestion. This is one great dining experience. I highly recommend checking Saffron out if you want a quality filled, high end meal with true Indian flavors.
The decor is modern and clean with a very nice bar area. As for the bar, you will not be disappointed with the selection of spirits, as well as the "speciality" cocktails they produce. Although a bit pricey for some of the premium brands, there are enough choices from which to choose any type of alcohol to suit your desires. The noise level was moderate and conversations between my son and I were easily heard without having to shout, even with high ceilings.
The waitstaff was attentive and knowledgeable and there was plenty of support staff to make certain our water glasses as well as empty dishes, and proper flatware for each course were addressed throughout the meal. 
Although there were no specials on the night we dined,  the selections from the menu were more than adequate. There were plenty of choices from which to choose, as each meal had a distinctive flavor with just the slightest hint of Indian flavor. The spices and herbs were present, but not overpowering. 
This is one fine establishment, that among many on Magazine Street will survive past the initial WOW stage of new eateries.Great sauces with unusual combinations of ingredients. Adventurous culinary experience. Service excellent and with a smile. Have fun!I am from India and have been to many Indian restaurants but this is the most classy and flavorful place I have been to so far. Great food, great drinks and awesome service. Highly recommended!What a GEM!! So happy that we got lazy after getting into town last night and cancelled our reservations at Brennen's and found this place! I called ahead and made a reservation for 8:30, we were greeted and seated right away. The Chef walked around and greeted each table and actually turned our whole table to make it more comfortable for us since we enjoy sitting beside each other and sharing everything.Holy sh!t this place is amazing. First and foremost, what they've done to revitalize this space is uncanny. It's easily one of the most beautiful restaurants I've ever seen. It's hard to say which was better between the food and the service because they were both sublime. This is one of those places where you start planning your next trip before you finish your first meal there.The wait is finally over!  Saffron Nola is open 6 days a week on Magazine Street!  A group of us went on opening night, August 3rd for the first seating. The place rocked!  The staff, the food, the drinks, and the ecstatic guests!  Between the five of us, we dug into the oysters, the truffle naan, the Nariyal fish, the beetroot tikki, the chennai fish, the goat meat curry, the pork vindaloo, the shrimp, and to top it off - the chocolate chai dessert!  Each dish was an award-winner!  The restaurant greatly exceeded our expectations!   It has been a labor of love for the owners and their staff, and it shows!  Am going back again tonight!I sat in this place wondering why oh why is it so popular. Besides the fact that it is only open once a week (Friday), the food was not as good as what I have read. Do not get me wrong, they serve good food, but it isn't, as they say all that. Perhaps it is the best Indian food on the West Bank, maaaaybe New Orleans, but not a wondrous thing to behold. 
I think my biggest problem with the place was the service. I admit, we did not make reservations. I presume that is important for a restaurant that opens once a week, but while we were accommodated, it felt like we invaded the place. Every time we wanted more drinks or bread, they brushed us off.  
So if you are looking for an elegant but comfortable place, I would recommend go somewhere else. If you want some good Indian food, go to Nirvana on Magazine Street. But avoid Saffron, it ain't all that.This place is the real deal (trust me I'm Indian ;)! No, not all Indians know each other, I didn't meet them until dining here tonight and I can honestly say the Vilkhu family is doing something really special here in a very authentic and successful way.  The food, cocktails and decor are all a beautiful blend of modern and traditional while avoiding the common Indian restaurant cliches, thanks to the involvement of two generations. I've been to many fusion Indian restaurants across the country, most miss the mark, this one gets it right. Highly recommended (by an Indian, remember) for your time in NOLA.What a hidden Gem outside the French quarter. It may take some effort to make it out to this one if you're visiting but it's well well worth the effort. It's a beautiful sit down restaurant with careful attention to detail of both the food and the service. We enjoyed the food and the drinks tremendously. From the color, aroma to the taste all parts of your culinary experience will be fulfilled! I know this almost sounds like an ad but this is honestly how much we enjoyed the place!OMG!  We were blown away from the moment we walked in the door until we walked, umm, rolled out.  Food, service, atmosphere - all were fantastic.  Between the 3 of us we covered a fair sampling of the menu and all of it was spot on.  Others at the table said it rivaled Indian food they'd eaten in London & Vancouver.  I would like to keep this place a secret but it's really too amazing not to share!  Totally worth the trip.The best Indian restaurant I've been to!  Fresh ingredients, well-prepared, and artistically presnted.  My small party of four ordered a wide range of dishes, all were excellent.  The spices complimented the other tastes.  The dry-rub style yielded a clean tasty, and was a refreshing change from the gloppy, sweet sauces that most Indian restaurants use.   The preparation and presentation demonstrates meticulous attention to detail.  Service was attentive and knowledgeable, even though the place was busy and compelled them to rush.  The atmosphere was convivial, and not so loud it prevented conversation.  The tile floor and glass windows make the acoustics live, and make it noisier.  Impressive, and highly recommended.  Licated on an old, busy commercial street, close to boutique shopping, parks.  Accessible by bus, taxi, safe parking if you are driving, or streetcar and a 20 minute walk.Food was good.  Unfortunately despite a long discussion with waiter about nut allergy, somehow nuts were in food, probable cross contamination.  Spent the night vomiting. Spoke with management who said he would follow up and call back.  Have heard nothing.  No recompense not even a complimentary dessert or cocktail.  I spent $100 to be poisoned.  This is not how you run an upscale restaurant.  If they aren't professional about food allergies then what else is wrong?This restaurant did not live up to the hype. I didn't taste any curry in the curried gumbo and it needed salt. I had the roti sathi, and other than the gobi, it was all underwhelming. Also, I've had roti everywhere from Amsterdam to Barbados, and their roti tasted like whole wheat tortillas. Everything needed more flavor, but the service was very good.We made a trek through the Westbank for a special birthday dinner with friends to Saffron NOLA. They are only open on Friday, so you really need a reservation. Our Indian food options in New Orleans are few and lackluster and I'd been dying to try this place that was touted as fine dining Indian and the best in the city. 
When we walked in, they didn't have my reservation. As it turned out, I had accidentally made the reservation on Open Table for Saffron in Austin instead of Saffron NOLA. They were very nice about it and accommodated us anyway. 
The place is in a strip mall and doesn't look like much on the outside but is pretty and charming inside. We started with a modestly productive card but excellent bottle of wine and a special appetizer that was an experience of pouring broth into little pastry cups filled with veggies. Fun and delicious! 
Two friends had the vegetarian sampler which was a silver platter full of little silver bowls of yummy veggie goodness and various chutneys. The eggplant was exceptional and we enjoyed the whole plate. My vegetarian friend was in heaven. We also had the Tikki Marsala chicken which was divine and possibly the best I've ever had. Another friend had the lamb chops and was very pleased. Overall, the service and experience was wonderful and we all declared we would be back soon. Completely worth the trip across the river!This place is incredible. I went with four others, and we all had something different.  I got the lamb chops (which was the winning dish).  Another friend got the beef filet dish which was also very good.  We had the mango salad and the cauliflower....again, all was good.  The waitstaff was on top of their game, and the owner was very attentive to us.
They are only open Friday night, and the rest of the time the restaurant is closed, but they operate as a catering business which must be very successful if they can close six days a week.  The owner said for the catering side, they do not specialize in Indian food, but all types of cuisine.
If you dine here, you cannot go wrong.Absolutely loved our dinner here! One of our favorite spots in NOLA, and we try to hit all the top restaurants here (new and old) when we come. Fantastic drinks, fantastic service, and fantastic food. I love how they add an Indian flare to classics like the Old Fashioned, the seafood gumbo, and the flan. Our favorites were the apps: Bombay shrimp and chicken lasooni. The shrimp was probably one of my favorite shrimp preparations I've ever had, and that chicken flavor was perfect! The garlic naan was absolutely heavenly and we kept ordering more. The goat masala was pretty bomb too. My only criticism would be to add some more spice level.Why oh why must you tease me Saffron Nola? Once a week, really? Come on!
I am addicted to Indian food. So addicted that we circled the lot about thirty times looking for a spot. We finally found one and headed in. Our persistence definitely paid off.
The space is just lovely. Warm, cozy and romantic. The service is wonderful. Then the food. Oh, the food. It's delicate and wonderful. We had the crab app (skip that) the gumbo...get this!, Chicken Tikki Masala (holy fuck yes) and lamb chops. 
Perfect from start to finish. We even had the owner stop by our table and say hello. 
Now if they were only open every night..One of the more impressive meals I have ever been blessed to enjoy. The restaurant came with a sizable reputation, having recently been honored with a national James Beard nomination for Best New Restaurant. It is absolutely one of the hottest spots in the city, and with good reason. The physical space is beautifully appointed, with an intelligently thought out and creative combination of classy, old school New Orleans mixed with an Indian, traditional flair. Everyone greeted us like we were family, which was exceedingly kind and somewhat unexpected, as it was as they opened on a Sunday morning. My younger sister, a NOLA resident and fan of the place, had worked with the father & son owners who cook everything and expertly run the place, on a special brunch menu for our party. We were quickly escorted to a private dining room upstairs, and the service and quality of dining experience couldn't have been better. After champagne, the cocktail list was introduced and literally everything that we tried was delicious. I went outside my normal orders and snagged the Anti-Inflammatory. Like a smooth and boozy "Indian-style" White Russian, this delectable combo was cognac, turmeric-cocount milk, honey, red chili oil and cilantro. Really fabulous. Having the menu chosen for us certainly made life easier, and everything was got to enjoy as a family was awesome. The table frites were great, the fried crab was amazing, and I thought the cheese dosa, the egg dosa, the BLT dosa and the shrimp patties were particularly amazing. I won't even come close to getting any of the Indian names right, especially since everything came out with full verbal explanations of what we were enjoying but obviously no written descriptions for me to take pics of. I loved the light chick pea samosa-style starter, it was served with an incredible dipping sauce. The keema (Indian beef with potatoes and lima beans, not one you see with any great regularity but a staple of my childhood) dosa was absolutely astounding. Served with a coconut chutney and a spicy red chutney, it was a twenty out of ten. Dessert was above and beyond, with the date, fig and praline ice cream literally being one of the best things I have ever had. The gulab jaman was great and the berries and cream were a sweet starter, but man, the ice cream was dangerously good. Our service was incredible, even the beer list was impressive if not lengthy. What a fabulous meal. The owners came up to say hello and greet us personally, and all we could do was heap praise and thanks upon him. In a city of killer spots, this one is worth getting into. Thank you for a truly incredible and memorable dining experience. Highest possible recommendation.So this review is for the front of the house only. When I arrived I was informed there was about an hour wait for tables, but I could grab a drink or eat at the bar if I wanted to. I decided to wait to see if I could gets seats for my wife and I. After about 15, the hostess walks up to me, and tells me that there are 4 other people ahead of me, and that common courtesy would be to let them go ahead of me. I didn't think anyone was ahead of me. Everyone else had either received their drinks, or were eating at this point. I didn't want to argue with her. So I said I would just leave. What really pissed me off was the fact the hostess was like, "Yes, you should leave and go somewhere else." I have worked in the restaurant industry, and I have never told anyone to go somewhere else. In fact, I would have done whatever I could to have that person stay or to make them happy. Needless to say, I left immediately, and now I am writing my first ever one star review for a restaurant.Saffron NOLA was supposed to be the cap of an awesome week of eating in NOLA.  Sad to say we were a little disappointed.  Overall we'd give the food a 4 star rating but took it down a notch because its kinda overpriced.  The restaurant advertises as an NOLA take on Indian food which it really isn't,  The oyster roast is tasty but no Indian flavors came through. The trio appetizer was good, probably the best thing we had. 
The goat curry was good but not much different than a good goat curry at an indian restaurant, but I paid an extra ten dollars for it.  The biggest disappointment was the eggplant dish.  The chef gets presentation and originality points for the four roll-ups on the plate but the eggplant had to be undercooked to get it to look that way. Eggplant, esp, Indian style needs to be cooked down to take the bitterness and toughness of this vegetable out.  It was the one thing neither of us wanted to finish, and I almost never let food on my girlfriend's plate go uneaten. We are from back east where the Indian food is good, and had recently eaten a 5 star meal an Indian Accent in NYC, so maybe our expectations were high. 
Service was excellent and the room is nice.This is one of the restaurants that makes you realize that you should not make decisions based on previous reviews. We visited this restaurant after reading the great reviews online. They have a limited menu which is created for that particular day. Most of the appetizers were already over by the time we got in. So we had to settle for what was left on the menu. The Tamarind Shrimp was good and gave us high hopes for the entrees. Dinner portions are abysmally small and incredibly pricey for what they offer. The food itself was terrible and it is sad for Americans who believe this to be Indian food. You are more likely to get a better meal cooked at any of your Indian friends home. The owner/Headchef was absolutely annoying and intrusive as he would keep coming to our table and interrupt our conversations and try to sell his home made pickle which was not even good. Go to any Indo-Pak store and you are more likely to find a cheaper and better pickle. Overall we were highly dissatisfied with the place and left irritated and hungry. Travelers New Orleans has great food. Don't ruin your experience going to this dreadful restaurant which is desperately trying to mimic an upscale restaurant but fails miserably and leaves your stomach and wallets empty.Wow! That is pretty much all I want to say about this amazing restaurant. We decided to stop by this place on our way to a local club meeting. I have never had food like this before and I was a little nervous about how it would taste. To tell you the truth, I was blown away from the minute I sat down till the minute I got up to go. The food is amazing and just right. The bread served is phenomenal! The main dish we all shared was the lamb and my goodness was it good!  A nice little touch was the chef coming out to check on everyone and see if they enjoyed their meal. Top notch service, and food that you will tell all of your friends about when you see them. Please go try this restaurant!I went to a party with catering from this restaurant and it was wonderful!  Great food and very friendly serviceThis place hit it out of the park. Everything we tried was amazing. I also liked the atmosphere and drinks. I feel like this place definitely has some awards heading it's way. We will definitely be back!Very well could be my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. I don't say that lightly. I am a foodie, I love to eat out and I love new flavors. This place has it all. From the oyster stew to the Goat Marsala. I am in love with Saffron. I strongly recommend sitting at the kitchen bar. It is fascinating. Mmmmmm. Can't wait to come back.Amazing. A dining experience you won't regret! The restaurant ambiance is very cozy & warm. A family business with an extremely attentive waitstaff who treat you like one of their own! 
The food is phenomenal. A great way to experience hearty Indian food with a French & NOLA twist. A great pairing of familiar tastes and uniqueness that makes you want to come back. The perfect choice when you're craving your mom's traditional Indian recipes. 
Pros: friendly staff, varied menu, delicious hearty food, great cocktails with fresh ingredients. Ambiance is full of life, with friendly chatter of people from all walks of life enjoying their night. Desserts are delicious & worth leaving space for.Good Indian food in New Orleans is hard to come by but this place surpasses expectations. A shame they are only open once a week but I guess that adds to the appeal. The service was great and the staff was all very friendly. Great vegetarian options as well (which is expected for Indian food).Wow! It's only been open for a couple of weeks and they are hitting it out of the park every night. It's like visiting the Vilkhu family's fancy dining room where their family hospitality comes through in every way possible. The food is amazing, the service, the vibe are all just perfect. The menu hits a home run, balancing the tight rope of authentic Indian with modern playful twists without going overboard. The passion is apparent in every aspect. Not only is it the best Indian restaurant in town, it could very well be the best restaurant in town. 
When you are there, try the cocktails, they are just incredible. You can't go wrong with any of them, my favorite was the Atonement. On the dinner menu, don't miss the oysters - they are overwhelming, the charcuterie is delicious. Whether you are vegetarian or not, you must try the roti saathi - and you will get a delicious sampling of India with some fresh bread. On the mains - the vindaloo and the lamb chops are my personal favorites. The lamb chops is the only dish that migrated from the West Bank because it's so darn good. And, don't leave without dessert, the kulfi is presented with some rice noodles and rose syrup.... mmmm. If you are a chocolate lover - they have a yummy option for you too. 
We loved it so much we went back for cocktails the next night. Enjoy!If the world needs anything, it's more Indian restaurants. Saffron is a great spot for creole-inspired Indian dishes, giving you the flavor of New Orleans and India in one delicious meal.
Before I get into the food, let's talk about the cocktails. NOLA is known for their cocktails, that's no secret. You'll be hard pressed to find yourself in the Big Easy and not be within walking distance of a great drink and Saffron is no exception. Their house old fashioned with mango chutney-infused bourbon is outstanding. It may be a little sweet for some people, but I thought the sweetness brought balance to the bourbon and made it an easy sipper for those who may not want something too stiff.
The menu has plenty to offer for every taste preference. You have chicken, pork, goat(!), vegetarian options and, of course, seafood. Many of the portions are large enough to share with another person, and I would probably recommend doing so to get a taste of a few items on the menu per visit. The roti sathi is a great addition to any entree and delivers a number of different flavors to enhance or cool whatever you've chosen as your main for the evening. 
For my visit, I decided on the chicken biriyani. The presentation was honestly a bit daunting. It comes in a sizable cast iron pot filled to the brim with a beautiful rice and chicken mixture, topped with fried onions and a soft boiled egg. The flavors were vibrant without the spice that is typically associated with Indian food. The saffron and tomato base of the sauce were bright and play extremely well with refreshing coolness of the raita should you order that as one of your sauce options for the roti. There are other options if you want something a bit hotter like the pork vindaloo, but the chicken is a great introduction to this restaurant. 
The only thing, and I literally mean the only thing, that's keeping me from a perfect 5-Star review is the rice in the biriyani was a bit overdone. While not a complete dealbreaker, the texture of overcooked rice wasn't terribly pleasing. The flavor made up most of the ground, but it couldn't get me over the hump to a perfect score. I plan on visiting again, so hopefully this is was an isolated occurrence. If it is, and I'll absolutely give Saffron the benefit of the doubt because they deserve it, I'll be happy to update my review accordingly.Been there few times, decent Indian food in Nola, but the service has become progressively very arrogant here. They are decent Indian food not exceptional. There is more hype than reality. Had reservation for 10.30 through open table, reached there at 10.37 and was rudely told that can't seat us coz the kitchen is closed. Why have reservations slots in open table for 10.30 and 11 when u can't seat the guest at 10.37 and on top of be rude to quests. Last time here, fortunately we live in Nola where there are better restaurants with more courteous service. I am foodie who never writes a review, coz I don't believe in imposing my views. But I had to write this coz of the total disregard of basic courtesy. I have been here few times, food is decent not exceptional. No moreHands down best Indian food in NOLA.  Owner so was kind and came by to speak to us several times.  He specifically mentioned that his vision of dining was as an experience not just the food alone and an experience it was!
This food is quite authentically Indian with various flavors and aromas.  Chicken ticca appetizer was delicious and not greasy at all (like a lot of Indian food can be).  Tomato soup had a hint of spice but not overwhelmingly so-extremely tasty.  Goat curry was phenomenal.  Quite spicy and as good as I could get in India.  My boyfriend got the salmon, which was good, but more NOLA-flavored than Indian. 
Decor is tasteful, service is fantastic, and cuisine is outstanding.  They are starting a take out service as well as brunch on Sundays!The service at Saffron NOLA is top notch. The owners and staff are super friendly and very classy. I loved the Pork Vindaloo and the Tikki Trio was full of flavor. I'll be back very soon!My wife and I travel quite a bit and always debate our top five restaurants.  This restaurant was one of them.  Unreal service and the aroma from the place was surreal.  This was something that few of us have ever experienced in our lives and we we're fortunate to find such exceptional service and fine Indian good. We live 3 hrs away and may just come back next weekend for dinner.Best Indian Restaurant! I loved it!
I haven't tried anything yet that I don't like! My absolute favs so far ... gumbo, chicken, shrimp, all the sides lol and garlic naan! 
They even made my fav drink ... brandy milk bunch ... their way which was awesome!Didn't get reservation as they said its 2 week wait :) will have to go back to NOLA to try it out!My book club came this morning for "The Hundred Foot Journey" brunch.  The food was amazing and the wine pairing was wonderful as well.  The stand outs for me were the salmon and  mango, the chicken kabob pate, the seafood crepe and the patachoux. The service was fabulous as well!If I could give six stars, I would. Literally everything about Saffron NOLA is above and beyond - truly soup to nuts, from the food to the service to the ambience. Went for a birthday dinner for my wife, and they were nothing but accommodating (thought I'd be fine booking about a week out, but they had to do some maneuvering to fit us in, which was much appreciated - my advice, book as far in advance as possible).
We were a group of 10, and everyone raved about every single thing we had to eat - particular favorites included the oysters, chicken biryani, all of the small veggie dishes that accompany the roti (especially the eggplant, daal, and raita), Malabar curry (seafood, special, if they have it, get it), pork vindaloo, and the lamb was described as orgasmic.
One of our friends said that our server, Dan, was "the best server he's had in NOLA," and he's lived here for 5+ years. And that's about right - Dan was fantastic - calm, attentive, and all around great.
All in all, couldn't recommend this place more highly. We had a wonderful experience, and will be going back very soon. Go directly to Saffron NOLA, do not pass go, and enjoy!Standards are quite high at Saffron NOLA: they use the freshest ingredients (nothing tastes like it came from Sysco), plus creative recipes with lots of flavor. 
I had the crab crepe appetizer, which were thin pancakes with crabmeat and spices mixed in, served with two sauces (one was sweet like a chutney, can't remember what the other one was). I ordered this to share with my side of the table and instantly regretted it because after one taste I wanted the entire order to myself!
I had the lambchop entree, it was very spicy but it wasn't smothered in sauce, it was mostly on the side. It was served with fluffy rice. 
I followed this with a nice lychee champagne cocktail that was yummy and paired well with my meal.
My only real complaint is that the garlic naan only came with two pieces in the order for $2.50; most Indian places give you four or six pieces for the price. If they need to increase the price, that's fine, but two pieces for two people is not going to cut it.
The owner and the staff are really nice and welcoming, I felt like they cared that we had a good dining experience. I love the atmosphere as well, it's very cozy and clean.This was by far the best Indian food I've ever eaten in the U.S. What a delectable treat for my taste buds! We were six of us and every item that we ordered was made to perfection. Each detail was seen to and no shortcuts were taken. Oysters with an Indian touch....who would've thunk it? 
The desserts were absolutely delicious and my only regret is not having more room in my belly. The icing on the cake was that the owner and head chef Dickey, stopped by to say hello and we all shared our congratulations and commendation on the opening of his place and gave him our verbal kudos on the food. Saffron NOLA, we'll be back!I was not so hungry but I had a bite of everything the service was amazing Ciara was my server she was so sweet and attentive the owner or manager for the night was also giving us great hospitality and service I felt so comfortable the food was great and so was my cocktailThis once-weekly gem on the Westbank deserves all the stars it can handle! This tiny space in a non-desrcript strip mall (are there any standout strip malls?) takes you on a great escape into wonderful Indian cuisine with a nod to NOLA tastes. We ordered:
Tuna Chimichurri: Pepper Crusted Rare Tuna, Cilantro and Green Cayenne
Lump Crabmeat Pudha: Pan Fried Jumbo Lump Crabmeat Pancake, Fresh Mint & Mango Chutney
Curried Seafood Gumbo: A Saffron Nola Creation
Mango Salad: mangoes julienned and tossed with lime and spices
Seared Scallops Mumbai: Chili Pepper & Ginger Crusted Jumbo Scallops with Saffron Alfonso Mango Sauce
Vegetarian Trio: Lentils, Saag Paneer and Cauliflower and Potatoes Ludhiana
Raarha Masala Goat: Yoghurt Marinated Goat (Bone-in) Cooked to Perfection Served with Aged Basmati Rice
Tamarind Shrimp: Jumbo Shrimp Simmered in Our Signature Sauce
There wasn't a flaw in anything we ate. The saag paneer was velvety, the seafood absolutely fresh, the sauces were inventive and the goat fork-tender. After all that wonderful food, we were stuffed, so dessert was not ordered. 
Service was attentive; the owner (husband - wife is chef, so she was in the kitchen most of the time) effortlessly moved from table to table, greeting new and long-time diners. It is a family affair, so the young girl waiting on our table wasn't as versed on the entrees as I would like, but with age comes experience. 
The only thing I would suggest to this wonderful group is taking a look at the cocktail menu - I think there could be other combinations that would enhance the dining experience other than all too-sweet libations.One of the best goat masala I have had in US. Absolutely authentic, owner couple/chefs are wonderful people...and why not, they from Amritsar.
True taste of Amritsar
One of the best goat masala I have had in US. Absolutely authentic, owner couple/chefs are wonderful people...and why not, they from Amritsar.Indian food is renowned world over for providing vegetarian options. However this place is not friendly for vegetarians and they provide no flexibility outside their printed menu which is mostly not vegetarian.  That shows lack of versatility by their chefs.  I do appreciate that they are bringing Indian food to a mainstream clientele with creative dishes.Celebrated a birthday at Saffron and I was overall pleased. Our waiter was knowledgeable of the menu and friendly. For cocktails, we got an anti-inflammatory and new kid on the block, which were both full of flavor. For the table, we ordered the crabmeat pudha and half oyster bed roast. The crabmeat pudha was just okay (wouldn't order again). The oysters were delicious and came with some naan bread, which was the perfect pair. For entrées, we ordered the goat masala and khyber lamb chops. Both were packed with flavor and spice. The portions were large enough to share. We also ordered the truffle naan and my goodness this was the best thing we ate that night! The truffle naan was perfect alone and even with both of our entrées. Would come back again for the truffle naan and to try out everything else on the menu!I rated this place high earlier, would like to go down after my 3rd visit as the food was not consistently tasty and the owner is a little rude. I would give 3 stars but since my first visit was amazing, will go with 4.I am not a huge fan of the Westbank (Wank), but they have got some hidden gems in strip malls! Saffron falls into that "Holy shit, I can get food this good in a strip mall on the Wank?" category. As others have said, Saffron is only open on Friday nights (although they are now trying some Saturday nights as well - check the website). It is imperative that you make reservations. It is packed every Friday because word has spread throughout the land about this delicious Indian cuisine prepared by the owners and their family. The staff and owners are extremely friendly and warm from the minute you walk in the door. The wine list is simple, but covers the basics and you should be able to find something that accompanies your meal perfectly. Now the important thing: the food. Magnificent. Everything that I tasted, which included my dining companions' selections as well, was delicious. I started with the gumbo, which I highly recommend. They have somehow combined the flavors of a traditional seafood gumbo with curry to make a masterpiece. I opted for the vegetarian entrée, which was your choice of three side dishes. The flavors and spices came through in each bite. From start to finish, this was one of the most delightful meals I ever had. I hope to return in the not-too-distant future and try more of their offerings. This is the best place to enjoy the flavors of India in the GNO area.The best Indian restaurant in Louisiana. The owners make it a personal affair, they are very warm and welcoming. I had lamb masala it was delicious. Deserts were also very tasty. Only negative aspect is its open only for dinner on Saturday.Hostess Service. If this was a one time issue I could let it slide but its a chronic issue. It seems as if they are trying to book too many tables back to back on busy nights. I have been there twice right on time for my reservation. Both times the tables were not ready and they show you to the bar to wait 25-40mins for your table even though you have a reservation. What's bad is that when I have spoken to multiple friends about Safron, many have said the same thing. The table is never ready on busy nights. Even worse is the hostess acts like this is business as usual. No apology, no offer to buy a drink while we wait for our table. The owners seem nice when they actually acknowledge you. They are too busy focusing on the few people they know in the restaurant to see their hostess dropped the ball. We are all local and dont want special treatment but when the tourists stop coming it will be the locals you depend on. Not even worth addressing the food or rest of the experience since its hard to enjoy your meal after the service is so bad out of the gate.This place was amazing! The oysters were some of the best. Not quite the same as chargrilled bc they aren't in the shell, but the flavors were very similar! The butternut squash "dip" for the naan was my favorite. Chicken thighs were so flavorful! The chicken briyani and pork vindaloo were both great entrees. Definitely will be back!My husband and I moved over from Mid City to Algiers Point in March, and have been on a West Bank culinary adventure ever since. We've had some great unexpected experiences, and Saffron Nola is one. The unassuming parking lot makes you think "where the heck am I?", but once you're inside Saffron you'll feel the same way (in a good way). The ambiance is classy comfortable and the service was impeccable. Visits from both owners and great attention by the waiters. Everything we ate was flavorful, delicious, and fresh. The goat in yogurt sauce, the fish in the shrimp curry sauce, the crab appetizer all . The side of squash was one of my favorites. Yay for the West BankThis is THE oasis of Indian food, coz clearly there is not many good QUALITY  indian restaurants here in new Orleans or even anywhere near here or anywhere in southern hemisphere. I am honestly sick of Indian food being portrayed to be some cheap food. Service ..presentation is almost always the issue. So glad to find a restaurant that takes pride in serving the Indian cuisine. Great staff!  Beautiful presentation...excellent service. ..nice decor!!I am  smiling ear to ear! We ordered the Bombay shrimp, roti sathi ,goat and lamb...all delectable. The deserts are the best part! Pannacotta and kiss from a rose were the bomb. Will be back!We had another great dining experience at Saffron Nola tonight. The gumbo and chicken lasooni were exceptional. Our entrees were flavorful and delicious. The personable owner, Ashwin, goes above and beyond to make you feel welcomed. The entire wait staff could not be more professional and friendly. We will definitely return soon. Give Saffron Nola try and you will not be sorry. Our new favorite restaurant, and living in New Orleans, this really says something!Been wanting to try for so long as I bookmarked this over a year ago when they were in gretna Unfortunately I was left underwhelmed. Tried the naan paired with three sauces and all were just ok. Had the pancake things and all were bland. One tasted like hasbrowns the other just tasted like a potato and the beet one was the only ok one. The lady next to me let me try her chicken stuffed entree. It was good and finally something with a little indian flavor. I had gotten the lamb and it was very tender and juicy and the sauce was good. The anti inflammatory drink is unique and very good and popular as a lot of ppl order it. The other drink I had I can't remember. So not bad but nothing stands out and was lacking some indian flavor to me. Too pricey to be left unimpressed. Service was ok, bartender actually forgot to input my order but she ended up giving me a drink for her mistake.  The hostess didn't make me feel very welcomed and actually told me it would be an hour for a bar seat which I almost left but that seemed far fetched and it was as I sat down in 5 minutes. Just eh for meI cannot emphasize how much I love this restaurant.  The staff is amazing as is the food.  I went with a group of friends, and we had no idea what to order.  We asked the waiter to just feed us.  Everything he brought was delightful.  I think we ate almost everything on the menu (it was a large group).  There wasn't a single dish that wasn't amazing.  My favorites were the oysters, goat, and lamb.  Although, I don't think you can go wrong.
And let's not forget the cocktails.  Their take on an old fashioned is very good.
Overall, I love this place.  Mr. Vilkhu, you have done a fantastic job!Wow!!! I read about this place here on Yelp!...but, had tasted their food at various fundraising events. It is only open one night a week, Fridays between 6:30-9:30. They now have a full bar and a nice wine list. We enjoyed everything about the meal. The place is decorated beautifully! The owner makes his rounds and is sincerely asking how patrons enjoyed their meal. A wonderful surprise and a great evening. Fresh ingredients and menu items with a twist, yet traditional. The vindaloo is not to be missed. Exceptional!We had a wonderful dining experience last night. The food was excellent and well deserving of the hype. The service was impeccable thanks to Dave. His recommendations were extremely helpful. We will return and also tell our friends about our memorable meal and your superior establishment.What a splendid place indeed ! Saffron makes a beautiful Negronis with just the right twist! For starters you must try: the Bombay Shrimp and Tikki Trio. Yum. For Entrees I enjoyed a lovely Pork Vindaloo that tasted of foreign spices and unique curry. The atmosphere is romantic-casual-modern and clean. The staff are very friendly and willing to help answer any questions about anything. You MUST try the donut dessert, it's TO DIE FOR. All dishes were superb , full of flavor, and creatively  garnished. When visiting Nola , this is the place to be! Thankyou Saffron for making my first and not last experience so memorable and pleasant.I want to go back ASAP. 
The food here is out of this world, and on the West Bank?!?! In a strip mall?!?!!? If Jen L. didn't rave about Saffron I would have never even know of its existence (thanks Jen!). Needless to say given it's odd hours and out of the way location, it has been on my list for a while.
Since all the other reviews recommended reservations, I felt I would follow the wisdom of fellow yelpers and give them a call. I successfully set up reservations the day of for 5 for 8:30 PM (read between the lines: although you need reservations don't be scared to call the day of). Also to ensure you start off the adventure on the right foot, please go to the website and drool over the menu. Time well spent, and I wanted to order everything!
Once out of the gates and on the doorsteps of dinning destiny, don't be discouraged upon driving up. The area it's in is definitely not super inviting (especially with the cop posted outside for safety). Also, the Doowop martini bar next door both intrigued and terrified me. Once inside, however, you are transported to a completely new atmosphere. All the employees here are amazing, friendly, and professional! The décor is closer to something you would find downtown than off of Belle Chasse Hwy.
I gave everyone of my dinning companions a refresher course on the friendship tax, and then proceeded to guess what everyone would order (oh Lindsay A. you wild card!). After trying a little of everything I really don't think you could order anything bad here! For my actual entrée I ordered the vegetarian meal and all the dishes were perfect. The grand title for me went to the eggplant. I always try to order foods that I have a hard time making, and the eggplant was perfect. I believe everyone wanted seconds and third "tastes" ;)
I could go on and on, but as I said anything you order will be amazing. I'm glad they are starting to have hours on Saturday so that more people can try the wonder that is Saffron NOLA.After eagerly awaiting the highly anticipated opening of this restaurant, my expectations were exceeded by the incredible cuisine, phenomenal service and ambiance of Saffron NOLA.
New Orleans has been bereft of quality Indian cuisine, and Saffron NOLA provides this in an unsurpassed way for the metropolitan area.  It combines the incredible flavors of this remarkable cuisine with the deep roots of our local food culture in a symphony of flavor that ranges from the appropriately subtle to the profoundly sublime.
Firstly, the architectural ambiance and the hues of the color palette of this restaurant are perfectly attuned to fit the vibe of this restaurant and the cuisine they are offering. The dining room provides a natural balance between the modern and the traditionally comfortable.
The cocktail menu is inventive and brings the brightness of Indian flavor to begin the overall experience.
The menu itself is incredible.  The Bombay Shrimp are a perfect Indian reflection of our local traditional remoulade, but Saffron NOLA actually brings the flavor of this familiar local dish to an entirely different level.
The roti sathi...  This selection of accompaniments to roti is without doubt one of the most incredible expositions of flavor that I've experienced dining in NOLA. The royal paneer, saag paneer, eggplant hyderabad, tomato mirchi masala, gobi and raita were all exceptional with the provided roti.  We also ordered the plain tandoori oven naan also with this sathi selection, and it is perfectly charred and supple.
The entrées were also incredible expositions of flavor.  The rum soaked Khyber Lamb Chops, cooked perfectly, were perched atop a deeply flavored rogan josh sauce with a perfectly spiced kichdi.  The Nariyal Gulf Fish also had a perfect balance of spice contrasting with curd rice and sharpness of the accompanying mango pickles. 
After dinner, the dessert menu also continues to impress.
The Jamun, an Indian donut soaked in saffron syrup, is delightful.  The Chocolate & Chai give an excellent balance of flavor between the inherent spiciness of chai and the dense richness of chocolate.  These desserts are incredible, but the Lime in the Coconut panna cotta with lime caviar, yuzu gel and sorghum bark was the perfect end point to an incredible dining experience.
The love, care and passion that the Vilkhu family has put into this restaurant shines in the ambiance, cuisine and service they provide.  
Even in a city such as New Orleans that is known for fine cuisine in a highly competitive environment, Saffron NOLA stands out and looks to be a highly successful venture into our culinary landscape. I look forward to dining at this incredible restaurant for years to come.
I give Saffron NOLA my highest recommendation.We really enjoyed our meal here last night. We started with three vegetable dishes served in small bowls accompanied by roti bread. They were tasty, although I prefer naan to the roti. We tried the truffle naan and it was delicious. For our main meal I had a tandoori chicken "small plate" (it was four small pieces of chicken served with a curry sauce on the side and was plenty) and my husband had the pork vindaloo. It had a good amount of heat but wasn't over the top. The only down side is that the restaurant is way too loud--but I would definitely return anyway.The food here is very well prepared and has a nice balance of flavors with balanced spices.  This certainly ranks among the best Indian food I've ever eaten and it is also the most expensive I've ever eaten.  This is also the only Indian restaurant I've ever seen beef served and the sacred cow was divinely delicious.  
The entrees here seem to vary widely in proportion so you should discuss this with your server prior to ordering.  The scallop dish seems to be one of the smaller entrees while the beef special ranked as one of the largest servings I've seen here.  The curried gumbo is really great and provides a marvelous Indian fusion spice up to a NOLA staple.  I was a bit disappointed in the small serving of naan that comes in an order when compared to the very generous portion you get at Nirvana.  The vegetable sides are quite pricey and the desserts are very over priced considering the very small portion size.  Generally I would stick to the entrees and specials along with a selection of the starters, such as the phenomenal gumbo, and skip the sides and desserts.Great family run restaurant with uniquely delicious cuisine and cocktails, attentive service, and lovely ambiance. Glad they are now operating Uptown fulltime. Highly recommend!not many veggie options + a bit pricey = Not sure I would come back but decent foodPublic Enemy said it best: Don't believe the hype.
First, let me say that my husband and I have enjoyed incredible Indian food at the top restaurants (all price ranges) in New York and London, as well as great inexpensive Indian food in various cities around the world. Given how much New Orleanians appreciate good food, we had high hopes for Saffron based on the reviews on Yelp, etc. Sadly, it does not deliver. It is average Indian food at high prices, without the creativity or fusion we had been told to expect. The roti sathi dishes were totally average and boring. Manish N. said it best in their review, "Manhattan prices but the taste is not there, not even close." I also agree with Varun C. who said "it is sad for Americans who believe this to be Indian food." Saffron's popularity in New Orleans makes me question the trends in our city's palate. Y'all, this is not a place to celebrate and brings mediocrity to Magazine St., the kind of inflated nouveau riche emptiness with no real juice that one expects in other American cities. The Saffron Emperor wears no clothes. (We had great service from the bartenders, though).The food was amazing, but the staff was exceptional. The Bartender was highly experienced, multitalented, and friendly. 
The GM has created such a unique drink menu. The GM constantly walked the floor to ensure top service was given to the clientele. 
I didn't have the opportunity to meet the kitchen staff, but their food did not only taste extraordinary, the presentation was equivalent. Props to the Chef and cooks! 
You really need to make a reservation, as everyone is trying to get into this place. It's in a very nice location among several boutiques and art stores.
I'd highly recommend this place to everyone who visits New Orleans!They just opened last week so going back Tuesday to gather more information. First impression was that the food was blander than I expect from Indian food ( I used to cook it).  There was a beet app that was good and the dal was flavorful. Stuffed chicken breast with spinach was ok-- but only because I asked for spicy food. 
Make a reservation on open table or yelp. They were PACKED with people lined up at the door. When it's that crowded, they probably shouldn't take walk-insThe best Indian Curry House in New Orleans.  They are open only on Fridays, however, this summer they are experimenting by staying open on Saturdays as well.  The restaurant is located on Gretna Blvd., just off Manhattan and the place might seem iffy at night, however there is a full time cop/security guard that is in the parking where the restaurant is located lot and they will actually walk you to the door sometimes.  Makes you feel safe.  Overall the food was good.  The entrees are reasonable however the appetizers are a tad bit small compared to the price so you might want to skip them.  The paneer lajawab was not really all that.  The place pays a lot of detail to cleanliness and ambiance and the barman pays a lot of attention to his glasses and makes sure they are squeaky clean.  A good place overall.Many thanks to Dickie and his staff for catering my wedding a few weeks ago. Guests raved over the combination of Indian and NOLA food. The tenderloin that he pulled together was delicious, and he was very attentive to pulling in both mine and my husband's cultures (he's Pakistani and I'm Mexican and Puerto Rican). They go beyond the Indian fare! Thanks, Dickie!Saffron is exclusive from the standpoint you must want to eat there Friday Evening because that's the only time they are open.  A wonderfully set table and atmosphere makes it very comfortable. The bar though small has what it takes to keep a glass full. The Mojito and "Englishman, Irishman, and Indian walk into a Bar" was a drink special I really liked.  
The Chutney Paneer Pakoda was a very good appetizer with a mix of flavor, the Garlic Naan was excellent but Chicken Tikka Masala was just OK.  I expected more for $23.  The flavor was kind of institutional like it was catered food which is what Saffron specializes in.  It was a great evening out and if you want Indian food on the Westbank in NOLA this is your only option. Totally worth the experience with a staff that makes you feel special and the owners right there making it happen with their kitchen staff.  
They make and sell several of their Chutney's and other canned goods and the chutney was so good in the Pakoda that I bought several as Christmas gifts.Hosted my Meetup Group (NOLA Dining Out and Happy Hour) at Saffron last Friday. Though the location is a little sketchy, once you are inside you totally forget where you are.
The cocktails were delicious and well crafted. The food was amazing. Though most of the dishes weren't your typical dishes you'd find at an Indian Restaurant, they provided a unique twist. The group ate Family Style so that we can all try all the different dishes, with the Whole Cauliflower and Lentil (can't remember the name of it) vegetarian dishes being the best.
Overall the experience was great. I wish it was a little cheaper, but can totally understand the higher end pricing with the type of food and environment.
They are also open only Fridays for dinner.When my white friend suggested me an Indian restaurant to visit while in NOLA, I was like ya sure but Saffron blew my mind and in more ways than one! First of all so tough to get a reservation - Saffron was playing hard to get with me and I wanted it even more ‍
Finally got in, entered in and witnessed the classiest decor and lighting! The bar is full and the bartenders definitely know what their shit. 
The family owned restaurant has taken Indian fine dining experience to another level! The food is 
All sorts of Ah-mazing!
The service was impeccable, the servers had so much knowledge and were smart. The owners were warm n welcoming and super genuine. One of the best meals, especially Indian, I've had in my life. Very soon I see it becoming an institution in New OrleansTwo words: Pink. Chicken.
I'm not gonna go on a tangent on this, but we had a bit of a concern with the translucent chicken flesh we observed. Our waiter took a gander at the shiny meat with us. He all but acknowledged it's gleam with a "it's borderline."  He talked to the chef. Apparently, this rosy bird's glimmer was intentional as its "boiled first...." something or whatever. So we were wrong. Embarrassing!
I'm going to give them three stars because the decor and drinks were excellent. I would NOT recommend the pink chicken meat.My husband and I ate at their place on the Westbank before moving to their new location, and it was AMAZING. But now, I don't know, it must have good reviews mostly because it's a trendy new spot, and New Orleans' first kind of upscale Indian restaurant? I'm only giving this place 2 stars and not 1, solely because of the cocktails, which were so tasty. We started with the oysters, but they tasted just like any ordinary charbroiled oysters ( nothing special for the price). Then, we had the 6 for $28 roti accompaniments, and let me just say the roti was well undercooked. The dishes were very flavorless. Not the spice level I would ever expect in Indian cuisine, just bland. And finally, the service. Our waiter had one other table (a 9 top maybe) and neglected us oh so much because of that :/ I was really looking forward to trying this place, but I don't think I will be back for more. I wasn't WOWed by any part of it really, unfortunately... :(Ok- backstory- I'm from NOLA and my husband's parents are from India. "The best Indian food I've ever eaten- even in India" said my picky mother in law. I agree- (I'm picky too)!! Every dish had its own flavor not like traditional Indian food where everything winds up tasting like tomatoes or curry. Nothing was over or under cooked. Bombay shrimp were fried in chickpea flour so they reminded me of pakora and my MIL wanted to save the remoulade for dipping (I'll turn her Cajun, yet :))The chicken lassoing was so tender and juicy- you're a fool if you don't get it. Root veggie salad was perfect as was the semi-traditional NO dish of charbroiled oysters- Indian style. Naan was great- we had all of them. Paneer tasted like tomato soup to me with paneer (I love a good tomato soup- and cheese). I like spinach, but Saag is never my favorite, but I'm telling you to get it if you like spinach- it's the best I've ever had. Eggplant and Gobi were perfectly cooked and so tasty. My husband got the lamb chops and thought they were good, but the star of the show was the chicken biryani. My father in law said it is how they make it in Hyderabad, where he is from- in a cast iron pot with an egg on top. You can tell that Vilkhu family worked long and hard to craft this menu to be the perfect meld between India and NOLA. Also, the cocktails sounded amazing, but I just had wine. It was fantastic. The ambiance was very nice. I could eat here every week.Probably will never go back !! I read rave reviews about  the atmosphere, ambiance and cuisine. Atmosphere is really loud, extremely small and cramped. You could literally touch your neighbors and hear all conversations being discussed. The ambiance was not my type, wanna be high classy. We waited 5 minutes at the door even though we had a reservation, finally the owner seated us at the small table. The cuisine was not the best, fiancé had the Steak Filet ordered to be medium, but was served well done and dry. I had the Tamirad Shrimp, which was 8 shrimp somewhat BBQ style extremely spicy. Btw, they don't have free refills, paid ten bucks for 2 cans of diet coke. Yes, the owner did make rounds and speak to the guest but in my opinion this does not justify for the food not cooked to order plus the $$$ to dine. This is my honest experience, maybe all the other reviewers dinners were cooked to perfection, but ours was far from it especially for the price it cost !!!!Delicious, but definitely pricey. 
I highly recommend the oysters, even though I'm spoiled by happy hour prices on charbroiled oysters in the city. The oysters themselves are outstanding, and the naan served with the oysters is perfect for getting every bit of the delicious sauce.
My friend L and I also ordered the sampler with roti and 3 items: royal paneer, saag paneer, and tomato mirchi masala. My favorite item from this was the tomato mirchi masala.
After all of this goodness, we split the lamb chops, which were perfectly cooked at the requested medium rare. 
I'll definitely return when I want to splurge on a nice meal.Truly one of a kind. Everything is exceptional but you have to get the truffle naan to with it no matter what.5 star service from host and bar staff
5 stars for their cocktails. Do try their Negroni!
3 stars for their food
Tried their roti accompanied by saag, daal and eggplant. The Roti tasted of wheat and was very bland when tasted alone. Saag was very bitter. Daal was delicious. Eggplant was very one note though not unpleasant.  I would return for the cocktails but not for dinner. Kate's skills behind the bar were impressive.This is my favorite new restaurant in town and is always on my list when friends come to visit. I've eaten here 7 times now.  I had my first visit yesterday actually sitting in the dining room and it was just as great as sitting at the bar. I've eaten dinner here and now lunch here.  The menu is just so creative and unique.  Everything I've had was really good and flavorful.  One of my favorite appetizers/starter items is the curried seafood gumbo.  It reminds me of traditional seafood gumbo with a hint of Indian spices and done so well (served over basmati rice). The service has always been top notch from the maitre de to the owners, bartenders and wait staff.  I really enjoy the wait staff describing your food as they serve it to you.  This restaurant will always be at the top of my list!Wow! Still only open on Friday nights and lacking a liquor license, Saffron still has it going on.  What an amazing meal.  
I had the crabmeat pudha which was sort of pancake with nice lumps of crabmeat and was made with chickpea batter, I think.  Since I was with Anita M I also got to taste the amazing curry gumbo.  What a perfect marriage of south Louisiana and India, subtle and delicious.  E gobbled up his tomato soup before I got to try it, so it must have been good.
For entrees, I had the seared scallops mumbai which was sweet and a little bit spicy with perfectly cooked scallops surrounding a mound of spiced veggie rice.  Fabulous.  Anita had the tamarind shrimp which were really good.  E got the vegetarian trio; you can select your own three from 7 sides, 3 of which are vegan.  He had the paneer lajawab, cauliflower & potatoes ludhiana & the dal makni (thank goodness for online menus).  All were tasty but we all tasted the paneer and LOVED it.  
Since it would be rude to not at least look at the dessert menu, we did.  And there it was...my one true love: fried sweet dough with syrup no less.  So we had gulab jamun (the aforementioned fried dough...seriously I could have eaten a dozen of these without the syrup.  I think the syrup does enhance but it's also there to slow you down.) and the lychee and cherry ice cream.
Really, really good and definitely worth a trip to the Wank.Mediocre Indian food. Avoid wasting your money. No serious foodie could possibly recommend this place. Extremely disappointed. The price for such small portioned and below average Indian food is an embarrassment to New Orleans. Having eaten at the great Indian curry houses throughout the world, this is without a doubt BELOW average. We so wanted this to be great and tried half the menu. Nothing was worth returning for again. Not sure why so many great reviews unless it is simply trendy, a more upscale decorated room, or ignorance. Bottom line: Avoid. Not worth trying a single dish.Bingo!!! Jingle bells!!!! Yatzy!!!!  Yeah this place is awesome. The once a month brunch is great. The owners are sweethearts and the staff is really friendly. We try to make this our regular Friday night dinner spot. 
Very simple....DON'T pass this place up.Hands down one of the best restaurants in town! Amazing ambiance, great decor, excellent staff and service, top notch management. Had a fantastic meal and wonderful cocktails. Definitely sit by the service bar to see all the action. Tip the bartenders well they work wonders behind the bar. Keep it up!! Will definitely be backGreat!  Really enjoyed everything !  Tried multiple things in the menu and had the special.   It was super tasty and cool placeAll in all I was very happy with my trip to Saffron. Atmosphere was nice, although we were sat close to the entrance, and each time the door opened we got a chilly breeze at our table, so if you are seated there, request to be moved. The service more than made up for the somewhat dismal seating, and though our appetizer left us feeling a little less than satisfied, the main dishes were out of this world good. 
My boyfriend got the Khyber Pass Lamb Chops which are rum soaked chops served with Rogan Josh Sauce and Kichdi. Kidchi is a sort of rice and lentil blend. This dish was amazing! He ordered the lamb medium, and the did a great job at leaving the lamb just pink and juicy enough. The Rogan Josh sauce was so flavorful and had a robust taste that complimented the lamb wonderfully. Possibly the best dish of the night. 
I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, boneless chicken in the traditional tomato curry sauce. It was succulent. I can't think of another word for it. Just spicy enough, and it was a solid dish for the priceReally delicious food! The cauliflower side was delicious! Also, the crab pancake appetizer was amazing. Pretty much everything was great. Service was really good too. They are only open on Friday night though because they mainly do catering.Good food and even better ambience. Perfect place for a dinner date. The food is a lil pricey but worth it.We had the most amazing dish Friday evening:  broiled seafood that included shrimp, scallop, kake & lobster. Pardeep really outdid herself and just how is that possible? Everything she creates is amazing. You could never have a creation like this one at Commanders or Emerils or anywhere in NOLA. This is the only 5 Star restaurant that you will find cuisine as unique with taste, creativity and presentation. Their son did an awesome job of creating cocktails too. Apple of My Rye is my favorite, one of his own specialties. All of the lovely people who take care of us patrons are utmost professional, service is top notch. Their daughter keeps it all running smoothly while bustling around making sure everyone is taken care of. Saffron has the whole dining package. It just MUST be the Love!The food was exceptional. I am an Indian-American and I can say this food is very close to a home cooked meal. The drinks were innovative and incredibly creative. We had Dave as a waiter and he made our experience exceptional. Overall, a top 10 restaurant in New Orleans.
I highly recommend it!Family ownership of the business is made present. The staff was Very knowledgeable of the cuisine and accommodating explaining to unfamiliar customers. One of the best oysters appetizers in the city!Saffron is exceptionally good. The environment of this restaurant is excellent and service was great. I tried the Scallops Mumbai and it was to die for and the egg plant Hyderabad was mouth watering. I definitely need to go back very soon and enjoy this food. Excellent place to a date as well.We've been waiting for the East Bank location to open, as we loved the original location in Gretna, and I'm really delighted to say that the new restaurant as good or better as its previous incarnation across the river. We came for my wife's birthday and tried not to order too much: one appetizer (the tamarind shrimp, which were excellent), one order of roti (I really liked the eggplant), garlic naan, and the gulf fish. We ended up getting an additional order of garlic naan and the pork vindaloo. The food was great, and the service was excellent, too. The staff -- including the owner's son -- is just as welcoming and enthusiastic about the restaurant and the food as at the old location, and the space is lovely, a really pleasant place to have a meal. I wish them the best of luck at their new location. We will be back often, and I hope everybody else will go, too.This is one of those current hot spots where it's hard to get a reservation so you have to plan your trip in advance. We were lucky to get one for a larger party with kids right when they opened for dinner service.
The restaurant is stunning and very upscale and trendy. With that being said, I personally wouldn't recommend bringing young children here as this is more of a date night/happy hour sort of establishment. 
We were seated at the large velvet booth towards the back of the restaurant right against the window peeking inside the kitchen. My nieces loved peeking at the staff making fresh roti and naan.
I'm quite familiar with Indian food but have never had at a high end place- moreso at Mom and Pop establishments. The menu really encourages sharing and small bites. We ordered a few appetizers to share amongst the table. I will only speak of the items I had. The cauliflower app was nice with the mint chimichurri sauce. I was hoping for some vegetarian options for their main dishes but unfortunately they were all meat driven. My sister ordered the Chicken Biryani and loved it. There is a great option to pick a few vegetable sides to try which come with roti. I picked 3 (you can pick more if you like) which were the saag paneer, tomato hatch chili (reminded me of salsa) and cauliflower.  When it came out, I was expecting slightly bigger servings. Then I remembered that this is a "side" option so the small servings explained things. It was very good but I felt like the roti didn't really hold the items well esp the tomato one as it just dripped out. lol.   Also, I felt like they didn't give enough roti so maybe use sparingly?
They have an extensive cocktail and wine list and a gorgeous bar area so make sure to take advantage of that.
It's great that Indian cuisine is being highlighted here as it's one of my favorites and hope the masses will enjoy as much as I do!
Also, 5 stars for the friendliest staff that was so accommodating to our large party with young kids!We came here for my birthday dinner finally as I have been dying to try it since it opened. Let me tell you it definitely lived up to my expectation.
We arrived early and waited at the bar for our table to be ready. The place was very full, it was peak meal time on a Friday night. We were served by the bartender straight away, I got the nah-ma-stay swizzle and it was delicious. The hostess came to get us when our table was ready and our bartender automatically closed our tab for us without having to be asked. 
We sat down at our table and our server gave us a full run down of the menu. He pointed out favorite dishes and told us about a dish not on the menu. We ordered a small plate as an appetizer (chicken lassooni) and told him we would think about the rest. The chicken was so tender and flavorful and the flavors of the chicken, pickled onion, and mango sauce went so well together. We thought it was pretty big and filling for a small plate, I think we got about 5 pieces of chicken. Next once we had finished our small plate we ordered the 3/15 roti dishes and got the aloo, daal, and eggplant hyderbad. All of these, including the whole wheat roti were so tasty, I don't even like eggplant but I enjoyed that one. The daal was definitely my favorite, so creamy and flavorful. Feeling very full at this point we decided to share a large plate and got the pork vindaloo with some plain naan. We were so full I think we only ate about 2 bites each and got to bring the rest home with us. 
We loved that our waiter didn't rush us once even though it is such a popular and busy restaurant. He let us eat and order different courses as we went. The head chef or general manager was also bopping around and came over and chatted with us. As other reviewers have said the decor inside is very classy and upscale. Everyone that worked there was so friendly it was really a perfect birthday outing.Holy hell.
This was the best dinner my wife and I had in New Orleans. We went in with high expectations and it blew all of them away 3 times over. Every single thing we ate and drank was bonkers delicious. The best Indian food I have had or will have for a long long long time.
If you're a fan of Indian food in New Orleans, you'd be doing yourself a disservice to skip on this place. 15/10, just finished my dinner and already want to eat there again.Amazing experience. My teammate and I enjoyed a nice Indian cuisine. Honestly don't remember everything we order but literally almost one of everything on the menu! Everything was superbWelcome to the neighborhood, Saffron!  
I had been looking forward to trying this new restaurant for weeks.  We finally made it there last night.  The place was so hopping that we couldn't get a reservation until 9:30PM.  If you go, be sure to call ahead!
It is obvious that a lot of love and thought has gone into building this delicious, creativity-driven oasis of haute Indian cuisine.  The drinks and meal were great.  As someone who loves traditional Indian cuisine, the menu was a really fun departure from the well-worn path.  Terrific service from the front of house to our exit.  Entrees were delivered to our table by the owner/chef himself.   We were also really taken with the decor: modern, without being sterile.  Its warm & cozy chic makes it the perfect date spot.  The bar is so lovely that it would be a great date destination in itself.  My tastebuds left happy and we cannot wait to go back!  This is just the sort of place that makes Magazine Street so special.Went to Saffron for a Meet Up dinner. The food was excellent. I would recommend any of the dishes- no one I was with had a negative experience. The cocktails were delightful as well!let me preface this by saying that Indian is my least favorite ethnic food.
Having said that, this restaurant is not only the best Indian one i've been to but is in top 20 best places in New orleans for me. Ok, not New Orleans proper (on the wank) and not a restaurant (open only one day per week), but it made my list nevertheless.
Food is a bit spicy for my taste, but amazingly fresh, well prepared, presented and explained. the owner makes the rounds, the service is great and the prices very reasonable.
i had:
crabmeat pudha. 
mango salad
 tamarind shrimp 
goat masala.  
mango mojito. 
peach sensation.
all great!
reservations at least 2 weeks ahead are mandatory.I have lived my entire life thinking I hated Indian food... Ummm well I've never had GREAT Indian food until tonight. Everything was over the top delicious, including the service.   We started the meal with a tandoori chicken app... Because that was the single Indian item I recognized... It was juicy, tender, and perfectly spiced. Then we tried the gumbo... Again delicious... Dark roux with HUGE chunks of crab meat.  Then our entrees arrived and were sheer perfection. My hubby ordered the shrimp- delicious with a perfect spice almost reminiscent of Nola bbq shrimp but with a depth of flavor that lifted it above the ordinary. I ordered the lamb chops. Holy Moly they were perfectly cooked- rare with a lovely char-tender, with a delicious sauce. I will go so far to say they were the best lamb chops I've had in Nola. So then it comes to the single best bite of food I've enjoyed in at least the last month... The curry side. ... My hubby ordered it really so we would have something to dip the naan in( we got the truffle garlic oh yeah ).. Not really expecting anything special. Well omg it was ridiculous!!! The dish comes with two white squares that we though might be tofu with this life changing deliciousness of a sauce.  Then the precious owner came by to check on us and we went on and on about our love of it all and he told us the white squares aren't tofu..... Get ready.... It's homemade freaking cheese that they start from creme and go through all the steps to make the yumminess with the homemade curry. I was floored!!  Just trust me on this one- this restaurant was perfection on every level!!! It stinks they are only open on Friday nights.Cocktails are delicious!  Shared entrees of fish and lamb chops.  Everything was seasoned to perfection.  Great date night because of the ambience.I am sorry but I am just not a huge Indian food fan so I cannot go over 3 stars. (my date is a big fan of indian food and she wouldnt go over 3 stars either)
This place on the westbank is only open randomly apparently and we had to get reservations to have their special brunch.  The event itself was pretty cool.  Lots of people, really nice place, fancy cooks outside cooking things up and explaining what it was.  It was a really fun experience.  
I am just not into indian food though.  I didnt find it any better or worse than "regular" open 7 days a week indian food like Nirvana.  It was fine but didnt excite me.  It was buffet style so I got to each as much as i wanted and got to try lots of different things.  
the place was really nice and the staff was great.  indian food is just not something i get excited for even though eating at saffron is supposedly a big deal...oh well
(oh and my date spent 3 weeks in india, all over india, and said the food in india blew saffron out of the water both in taste and price.  be prepared to pay $35 at their buffet)  but i didnt get diarrhea so i guess we have that to be thankful for.This was one of the most highly anticipated restaurant openings. 
We walked in when they opened at 5 and were able to get a seat right away.  
The menu is mostly appetizers/sharing plates.  Prices are high for the portion you get.  Appetizers are $12-$15 and ours had 4 shrimp and other had one skewer of chicken.  The roti dips were about 1/2cup portions and came with 3 pieces of roti.  We ran out half way through.  They really need to double it.  Although we ordered naan and its much better with that anyway.  Go ahead and get some naan. 
We got the bombay shrimp.  There were 4 large shrimp.  Shrimp themselves were a bit bland but nice crisp coating. The ginger-tomato remoulade was decent.  Together it was tasty but not very unique flavors coming through.  Royal paneer was tasty but the tomato curry was very watery and there wasn't much cheese in it.  Tomato mirchi was again, only lightly seasoned.  Eggplant hyderabad was my favorite.  It was well seasoned and the portion was good.  The roti was nothing more than wheat tortilla, when I asked if we could upgrade to naan the waitress refused. Its $1 difference on the menu.
Dessert was the shinning star.  This dessert will go on my best thing I ever ate list.  Fig and date icecream. I could die a happy woman after eating this.  Served with a doughnut in saffron syrup.  I was in LOVE.
The overall experience was great.  The decor inside is beautiful, the drink menu is very creative.  I'll have to come back for drinks.  The menu variety is good.  Prices are high (dinner for 2 with a glass of wine was ~$200: 3 appetizers, one entree, one dessert and wine) and food could be more heavily seasoned.  Can't wait to come back!Appetizers were delicious. Our cocktails were fantastic. For the main course I ordered the goat and it was okay, not as good as the first course. My wife LOVED her lamb chops! I did not order dessert but my wife was underwhelmed by the chocolate pistachio dessert she had. Would recommend going and I would eat at Saffron again.This was an excellent place for craft cocktails and great food. I started off with a drink called atonement that was beautifully crafted. The Bombay Shrimp was perfectly cooked and the goat masala was excellent (except for the numerous bone pieces so one needs to be careful). I look forward to my next visit.Amazing and delicious brunch prepared with love by a beautiful family. You won't be disappointed!!If you have eaten authentic Indian food, don't expect it in this restaurant. It is a washed down version of my favorite cuisine. Spices are subtle to nonexistent. An attempt to create Indian fusion with crab and oysters is fruitless and unrewarding. I could not muster a third star because service was just fair. Will not go back.I am really excited that we finally have some decent Indian food in the area.  It took awhile to get a reservation!  We decided to try a quantity of smaller plates and dishes last night.  We tried the oyster bake, the charcuterie board and 3 of the items from the Roti Sathi.
The oyster bake was amazing.  Very subtle.  None of that disgusting margarine used by a lot of local restaurants.  Ghee, and seasonings.  Light and perfectly cooked.  Great dish.  
The charcuterie board was innovative, interesting and really delicious.  House made terrine, sausage, an eggplant dish and an amazing pickled shrimp.  This was the highlight of the evening.  The truffle naan they sent out with it doesn't go with the board.  Sent out garlic or plain.  It's just too overwhelming with the other flavors on this board.  It didn't work for either me or my wife.
The Roti Sathi we tried were good.  Dal Makni, Royal Paneer and Gobi.  I don't like whole wheat roti.  The taste of raw wheat doesn't please me.  I don't like their roti and would just ask them for some plain naan.  I wouldn't order from this section again actually.  It's vastly overpriced.  $15 for the 3 little dishes of these vegetables is a lot.  I can get a full serving at most of the places I travel to of any of these dishes which would amount to double the serving of all 3 for just $10-12.  Try some of the small plates or entrees.  These aren't worth it.  They were good.
We tried the gulab jamun.  My wife liked it but I wasn't crazy about their version.  We both thought the fig ice cream was awesome though.  
The service and hospitality are top notch here.  We were well taken care of and welcomed.  We will definitely come back and try more.We attended couple of events where Saffron catered. AMAZING food! The first night it was Cajun inspired Indian food (best combo ever) and the second night they had Indian Chinese. 
Some of the dishes they also have on their menu and is a must- try- Tamarind shrimp and lamb chops!! Yumm! I wish they were closer than a 5 hour flight, I would've reserved a table every Friday!!Visiting town, read great reviews, got late reservation at 10.30pm. 
This is like most modern new restaurants. Pleasant atmosphere. Greeted by owner;s son and got seated fairly quickly. He spent all his time chatting wither with staff in bar or two particular guests who may be regulars..
Server did a good job, was attentive and professional. Father touched our table, was a little overpowering, dressed in sharp, crisp, spotless chef's regalia. Food took forever for food to arrive. Two other tables got served before.. one got there as we got seated and the other got in little later. They seemed friends or family so no issues..
Food: overall a great disappointed, especially that I even told the father we traveled a very long distance and were real excited and eager to try out the food. 
Cocktails: Must give them a star for creativity. One tasted good other, not so good. Beer was overly expensive at $10/bottle. No reason for this steep a price when our 5-star hotel is cheaper at $7. $5 elsewhere.
Appetizer: Tamarind shrimp was good, though, it would have been nice if it had a little crunch. Pork sausage was 4 wafer thin,  slices with a pinch of salad and 4 cherry tomatoes - felt cheated. I'll give them a star for creativity. Salad had no dressing. Their 3 roti saathi is a roti with three very small 2 oz portions of your choice. Daal was very good, paneer was fresh cut from paneer slab with what looked and tasted more like a tasteless marinara sauce. Roti and naan were UNDERCOOKED.
Now, this is a shame - you can tell visually the roti if undercooked. 
Fish and Goat curry were real good. Rice, again was a disappointment - over cooked and lumpy. 
Overall: Publicity can only take you so far. PR can be bought. Ultimately, it's the food, even more than service.
Undercooked roti & nan and over cooked rice is unforgivable in indian restaurant.This place is amazing! Food was excellent and service outstanding even on a busy Friday night.  We started the night with a drink at the bar. The new kids on the block cocktail was fabulous. It was finished with a lime with fresh cinnamon toasted on top with a torch, every time you took a sip a glorious cinnamon smell infused your nostrils. 
I highly recommend the oysters! You won't regret it.  An awesome take on the traditional New Orleans charbroiled oysters.  We scooped up every last bit with the delicious naan. We then decided to try to Bombay shrimp. Large gulf shrimp perfect crusted and spiced to perfection with a ginger-tomato remoulade. The truffle naan is an absolute must to accompany the roti sathi. We tried the saag paneer (Indian take on a spinach dip), a roasted chickpea one that was my favorite for sure. These two were served warm and then we had the tomato mirchi masala which was served cool. A perfect trio for sure. 
For an entree the khyber lamb chops were the most tender I have ever had. You could cut them with a fork. The rogan josh sauce on the plate had the perfect amount of heat to complement the tender lamb. 
Our own regret is that we wish we had room for dessert! We were so full we could have been rolled out of there. We will be back for some of the same and to try new things! Until next time!Really excellent experience from start to finish. The oysters are as good as advertised, and the curried seafood gumbo was delicious.  Indian twists on two classics.
The best dish we had was the gulf fish.  One of the best things I've eaten in a long time.
It does get very loud at times but once we started eating we stopped noticing.  Great service.  Wine list is pricey but has nice options. 
Highly recommend.Indian food with Cajun twist! Amazing food and service!! Really good ambience and the cocktails were top notch!I It was my first time visiting New Orleans so I was on the look out for great food. I love Indian food and thought the fusion of Indian with Creole sounded really interesting. We made this restaurant our "grand finale" dinner for our last night in NOLA, and it did not disappoint. We started with the oysters, baked with some light curry spices and they were the best we had in the city, and we were eating oysters every night. We then had the Tamarind Shrimp, which were big and crunchy with great flavor. Then the Seafood Gumbo and Root Veggie Salad, both delicious. We wanted to get an entree but we were satiated and wanted to try dessert. We had the Cardamom Flan for dessert with was lovely. The owner came out to talk with everyone and he was great. I would love to give it 4 and a half stars, taking only a half star off for the lack of enthusiasm of our server. She was fine, but something was lacking. Overall, we loved this place and would go again!Wonderful dining experience. Delicious food, good cocktails, & impeccable service. 
We got the tamarind shrimp app and cauliflower pakoda. Great spice & seasoning on the shrimp & the mint chutney was clean & fresh.
Chicken biriyani came out in a hot pot-good portion for 3-4 people to share. Chicken was tender. Lamb chops were also spiced & cooked nicely. Tender & juicy. One of our new favorite spots. Will definitely be going back.First time eating at Saffron. Glad we made reservations as it was bustling on a Wed night. Food was excellent. We had oysters, goat masala, pork vindaloo, kachumber salad, and gulf fish. All tasty and beautifully presented. Will go again.A superb masala dosa, but recently they have not opened in Sunday:(Saffron Nola catered a company event this past Friday and it was Magic for my taste buds! We had a variety of eaters at the event and everyone was happy. And when someone can cater to Palio, Vegetarian and also Picky Eaters who normally only do Americano - I'm super excited.
Specifically - the Shrimp dish was soooooo good! The Missi Roti and Mango Salad were very flavorful and perfectly spiced.
They delivered to our office on time and catered to our special requests. We also ordered their tomato & ginger chutney and Mango Chutny - and their mango pickle is better then any I have had in india.
And while it wasn't super cheep (but what really great foods are) I'd have to say that for the money the food quality was excellent and we had more then enough to eat - Leftovers were yummy!!!Wow is the word !!!
Amazing food, warm service and an experience which takes to the next level.
Food coma experience and stoked that we found this place.Our food was delicious- got Naan, roti with lentils and eggplant, goat masala, tuna salad and chicken and rice- a little pricey for the size of the dishes, and service was a touch slow but not unexpected for a busy Friday night- will probably come back.the best meal ive had in nola in years.  mmmmmm.  seafood, cocktails, apps, soups, deserts, etc. its all good. nothing bad on the menu.  get a reservation 2 -3 weeks in advance. hard to get into on weekends.Only open on Fridays, this restaurant is fabulous. Indian based food done wonderfully. Saffron has been catering for years, and it's wonderful that they have opened the restaurant! I can't wait until they are open more days.
We started with the Aloo Tikkie and Paneer. simply delish. Aloo Tikkie were nice and small with a generous stuffing of amazing chutney - all homemade, I believe. 
Next I had the scallops, my friends had the tamarind shrimp and the goat. Hands down the shrimp was one of the best things i've ever eaten. It is a take on bar be qued shrimp, but with this amazing tamarind sauce. The goat was tender and very good! The scallops were fabulous, you got 5 in a mango sauce, but i think it needed a side of something...
definitely worth the trip across the river to gretna blvd (right off of belle chase)
be sure to make a reservation - it was packed!We tried this Friday night and really enjoyed it. My husband gave them a B+ compared to the old Gretna location. I kind of agreed,  but it was still very good. I started with the pinky out cocktail.... very good and don't forget the pinky! We ordered the Bombay shrimp, Tikki trio,  and the oyster bed roast. I thought the oysters were just ok,  not too much flavor and a little too soggy. I like oysters that are more crisp. The other 2 apps were very tasty! We had another couple with us so we shared 6 of the roti Sathi (royal paneer, saag paneer, eggplant hyderabad, tomato mirchi masala,  gobi, daily daal) we enjoyed all of them but the masala. It was like an Indian salsa with not much flavor. We got the Nariyal gulf fish. The portion was tiny but it was very flavorful. With all the apps we got,  it was enough food. Our friends got the khyber lamb chops and said it was delicious. I love the decor and the wait staff was really nice. Definitely a place for a special occasion :)When my cousins Marc and Chris first suggested this restaurant, my reaction was, "We're coming from Boston, where there's an Indian restaurant on every other corner...why would we want that in New Orleans?"   I was wrong...this is not your average Indian restaurant, and they go out of their way to add a New Orleans flair to each item.  Overall, it is some of the best food you are likely to have anywhere.  In addition, the drinks are inventive and tasty.  Don't miss it.This place is awesome.  Great ambiance, service was exceptional and the food....amazing.  Like you want to order 2 of everything amazing.  Best Indian food I've had outside of India.  The chicken app is ridiculous.  Enjoy.This is a reservations kind of place, and even arriving as brunch opened, I ended up sitting at the bar. This results in somewhat slow service as the bartenders are of course making drinks for everyone, and I suspect I'll come back with a dinner reservation at some point.
Their brunch menu that I came for focuses on lentil-based crepes and pancakes, and the "classic" masala dosa that I ordered was certainly delicious. The spices on the potato filling were bright in flavor, and two excellent side sauces accompanied it, as well as a sambar (soup) that I was rather disappointed in, as it was watery and consisted largely of cauliflower. The masala chai I got to tide me over for the wait (actually a very short wait once I was able to order) was nice enough but not special, certainly not for the price.
I want to find an Indian place in New Orleans and this is the first one I've really liked, but at least on first bite it didn't quite live up to the critical hype for me yet. The menu is small; there's something to be said for focus and getting things right but it doesn't have as many options for me as I'd like, and my meal didn't blow me away in every aspect. That being said, I'm certainly intrigued to see what's for dinner.Fantastic preparation and seasonings, fresh truffle nan was divine. The lamb was excellent. Choosing to share a number of small plates and apps and splitting one entree was the way to go. Good, focused wine list too. Great service. Was a bit loud in a way that a few acoustic tiles could have addressed.Manhattan prices but the taste is not there, not even close. Seems like the owner wants customers to pay for the cost of opening the new restaurant via hefty price tag. Well, it would have helped if the food tasted better. Not to mention, I was looking forward to something authentic and not fusion. Menu is small and limited and doesn't even have chicken tikka masala, enough said. We ordered the vegetarian option 6/$25 which comes with Roti. The portions were small and food was tasteless. A restaurant that can't even make decent vegetarian dishes has No Future. We also ordered the chicken biryani, lamb chops and methi chicken. The biryani had no salt and was bland. I wouldn't even call methi-chicken that because it tasted nothing like it. Costco $5 whole roasted chicken tastes much better. Lamb chops were ok but for $30 bucks, 4 small lamb chops, I don't think so. Nan was alright but without any decent curries to eat with, a total waste. Desserts were ok but portions were too small, rose faluda ice cream and 1 gulub jamun with ice cream but for $10 bucks each, you rather head to international market and buy half gallon of it for less. Needless to say, New Orleans remains sans a decent Indian restaurant. Saffron should call itself, fusion, but I pity the fools who would patronize this establishment.Everything about Saffron was top notch! Drinks were hand crafted and tasty (old fashioned and pinky up). We tried to oysters dish and it was good (especially with the naan to dip). The chicken lahoosi or something was great! You share if you have 3 or less people. My husband got the pork vindaloo which I'll say that I thought the portion was small for the price. My brother got the goat which seemed to have a lot more meat. I will also add that the amount of roti given for 3 bowls of dip is pretty sad. What will we do with 3 flat little pieces of bread? We ended up having to order some more naan. I know it's a fancy restaurant but give the people a little more bread in proportion to the dip. That is all!After waiting for a long time we went there for dinner last week. It was a Tuesday nite and pouring rain. That was the period when New Orleans was flooding. To our surprise the restaurant was packed.....really lively with a great vibe. Saffron knows how to do Indian (Fusion) like no other anywhere. The cocktails and wine selection are excellent. The shrimp appetizer and the Fish entree were outstanding. However the piece de resistance is the Oyster appetizer. It is flavorful and so beautifully displayed in a clever platter that drains the butter to a small well to allow easy sop up with the truffle naans (bread). Ready to go back many times. Service was very good considering they were still in a soft opening mode and only once did I request for a water refill. Else they were always very attentive and personable.This was our first night ever in NOLA and I chose Saffron from the rave reviews I saw everywhere. This was honestly the best Indian meal I have ever had and that says a lot. Every single item we had was astounding. The service was beyond amazing, even quickly relocating us to a quieter table due to a loud group. There are not enough praises in can give to this restaurant and team. Thank you for making a 30th birthday dinner so incredibly memorable. We will absolutely be back.The place is very nice but it also very loud. Our waiter and everyone there was very friendly and the service was impeccable. Big thanks to Arianna for helping us with our reservation on a busy nite. We started with the Bombay shrimp and crabmeat pudha. Both were very good. I think the crabmeat pudha May have benefitted from a sauce with a little more tang or kick than what was served but I would definitely order again. The Bombay shrimp is a must. The charcuterie board was phenomenal. The eggplant and pickled shrimp on the board were great. I had the goat masala entree which was as very good and hearty. Very spicy too which I was looking forward to. My wife had the chicken biriya and that was tasty. It was also a very large portion. However, one of our friends had the lamb entree and it was the best lamb I've ever tasted. When I go back there's no question I'm ordering the lamb. Cocktail menu is interesting and fun as well. I had a few of the saffron old fashions and was very happy.GreAt cocktails and delicious food! Excellent prices and an awesome atmosphere. Very quaint and can definitely compete on the same level as Shaya and other high end uptown restaurants. Service was fantastic and the manager came and greeted us at the table. Keep up the good work!I cannot remember ever having better lamb chops in my life!  The service was excellent.  The drinks were creative and delicious! I especially liked the Brits and Bollywood cocktail with gin and elderflower. I can't wait to go back!Absolutely love this place. The fact that they are only open Friday night for dinner makes it that much better. They know how to cook.
We went for a late dinner and both ordered the chicken tikki marsala. This was so good that today we went to the grocery store to try and duplicate this dish. 
When we arrived we were greeted by the owner and his son. Both are wonderful people and are always welcoming. We sat down and they each came over and chatted with us a little bit making us feel like old friends. It was very nice.
The chicken tikki was a special and it was perfect. The way the flavors had amazing balance of taste and spice was great. We also ordered the whole wheat nan to sop up all the sauce....so damn good. 
We have been to several Indian restaurants around the city and it others cities, and nothing seems to compare to this. 
Saffron Nola is an amazing place with a great family that owns and operates it. We wish they were open more nights, but for now this is our go to spot on Friday nights. 
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.Y'all... best advice for tackling this place is to get 7-10 people together and split every single thing on the menu. EVERYTHING looks amazing and everything we had was amazing. Honestly, the sides were shockingly just as good as the entrees. It was difficult to pick a "winner" order. The service is 100% and the atmosphere is unintimidatingly chic. On top of a great atmosphere and food offerings, their cocktail list is unique with an exciting mix of ingredients and liquors. That being said, Saffron would make for a great place to grab a drink or 2 before or after dinner. All in all, this place doesn't miss a mark and should be one of your top dinner choices in the city.First, the place was packed - always a good sign.
I sat at the only empty spot at the bar. Ordered their version of an old fashioned which was amazing. Followed by a half dozen oysters and tamarind shrimp. The service was on point. Food delicious. Would highly recommend.Had an amazing time.  Ordered the oysters with naan, biryani, and a few other things.  Great food.  Service was great.  Recomend this to all.  It is a gem.  Met the owner she was very delihhtful.   Don't miss itI've been to Saffron Nola twice and every time my friends are forced to hear me rave about the food for the following week.  While hidden in a strip mall in the West Bank, Saffron promises to please your taste buds unlike any other Indian restaurant in this city. 
This is truly a family establishment that packs the love into every bit of food and sip of cocktail. 
Both times I have made my Friday night reservations for our large group (only open Firdays), I have been pleasantly surprised with their patience when dealing with our large group, humor in our loud personalities, and their overall service. 
As a gluten free diner, I love the options available here. My friends rave about the gumbo and lamb. I rave about every app, veggie, and chicken dish that I've had pass my lips. This is one of the only restaurants that I will order strictly vegetarian simply because the flavors of the paneer, cauliflower, potatoes, and eggplant are packed with flavor and sure to bring a smile to any face. The last time I was there I also tried the homemade praline ice cream which did not disappoint. 
Oh and don't overlook their cocktails... the list on hand is quite tasty and well crafted. The cocktail special last night featured a mango chutney old fashioned with homemade mango chutney. I believe everyone at our table who was drinking drank at least three.Amazing food, staff and ambience! This place deserves more than 5 stars! Some of the best food that I've ever had!This is one of the best Indian restaurant I have been to. I tried saag paneer and daal; and I must say that food was very delicious. The service was good too. All in all a must go place if you want to eat Indian food.One of the best restaurants I've ever been to. Atmosphere and staff are TOP! Best chicken biriyani EVER. Has ruined Indian food for me anywhere else.
Would be a mistake not to come here on your trip to NOLA!!The food is delicious and fresh.  The space is beautiful and comfortable.  The staff is really impressive.  They are super kind and hospitable.We love this place. We try to go here as much as possible, but with them only being open on Friday....its a little difficult. 
Well this time I brought my 13 year old son and he loved it. The food is simply amazing. I had the chicken kofta which was delicious. He had the lamb and he loved it and she had the fish...all 3 dishes were great. This place is busy from open till close and is well worth it.I have been excited to try this restaurant for some time and was not disappointed. I went with my friend in a girl's trip for the weekend and we had so much fun. Definitely recommend making reservations as there is limited space and it fills quickly! Everything was so delicious and we were having so much fun that taking pictures totally escaped me! Everyone from the hostess to wait staff was incredibly friendly and very helpful! We left most of the decisions up to them but I can tell you the scotch cocktail recommended for my friend was thoroughly enjoyed, the truffle naan is a must, the 24 karat salad with grilled lentils (sounds weird but trust me) was delicious, the bread dippers were a nice experience, the grilled shrimp small plate could've been an amazing entree alone, and the eggplant entree was devine! The staff was attentive but let us peruse the menu, ask questions and then help all without feeling rushed. The one complaint would be the noise level... conversation was a bit hard, so be prepared to speak up and focus on food!I cannot believe I have never dined here before. The food is perfect. The service is better. 
I can't wait to come back and try more. 
What a special place!!!This place is siiiiick. One of my favorite spots. The cocktails are different and inventive and very well balanced. Service is great. Food is off the charts. It's not a traditional Indian place so don't go expecting that. If you like Indian food and New Orleans food, you'll dig this spot. It's also nice that the family that runs it is seemingly always there and usually check on you. Most of the places that fall off in NOLA do so bc the owners stop caring and showing up.Amazing, personable staff and always a great meal. Frequent here often and never disappoints:)Very overrated and way too expensive for what it is. Had the fish, doesn't matter what kind of fish, because it was drowned in sauce that tasted fine but wasn't worth $30. Definitely wouldn't go back.I would say this place is OK. I LOVE Indian food, so I am familiar with a lot of dishes and their flavors already. The food was over priced for nothing and lacked a wow factor; it was extremely mediocre. My friends and I had a tab of $150 for three entrees, an appetizer and no cocktails and we were still hungry afterwards. I gave two stars because the service and staff were amazing.AMAZING!!!! This is a fabulous modern Indian restaurant that stays true to the Indian flavors but adds a touch of flare. Absolutely loved it. The food was fantastic, the service was incredible and the cocktails were incredible.One of the best culinary experience of my life. This place has got fusion down. The flavors are so authentic and true. It's tough to be vegetarian in New Orleans but I went here with a non-vegetarian friend and we both were blown away by the taste, variety, ambience, class and service of this true NOLA gem!Nice atmosphere. Good drink selection. The lentils and eggplant are delicious. The spinach paneer is a hard pass. Not flavorful, unfortunately. But the curry gumbo and garlic naan make up for it. I definitely recommend this place. Also, definitely make a reservation. It gets packed right when they open.Really amazing food! 
Traditional Indian dishes with a little Louisiana infusion = intense, complex flavors that your mouth will thank you for! 
We tried a selection of everything including Tamarind Shrimp, Chicken Tikka, Lump Crabmeat Pudha, Paneer Pudha Dehli, Masala Goat, and Masoor Lentils! All incredibly delish...so flavorful my mouth is watering now!
Had Gulab Jamun for desert...dough balls fried perfectly and served with a sweet syrup. The perfect ending to a spice infused dinner. 
Our waitress was extremely friendly and helpful. The owner came by our table to see how everything was, it is nice to have your business appreciated and to support local restaurants. 
Saffron is a quick drive from the East Bank, so don't let the fact that it is on the West Bank scare you away :) They are currently only open on Friday nights but may be open on Saturdays in the near future. 
Is it Friday yet?? I am ready to go back!!Dined at Saffron with a large bridal party and it made our night even more special! The service was exceptional, the food was amazing. We were a big group who likes to share plates so I think I got to taste everything on the menu, there wasn't a dish I didn't love.I realize I was there for a catered event but the food was fresh and delicious with an interesting twist on Indian food.  Service impeccable with an impressive wine list. Definitely on my repeat list.Wow simply hand down an incredibly fantastic restaurant I can not recommend more. Some of the best food and drinks I have ever enjoyed and very fair prices when you take in the cost. Service was attentive , professional and amazing. This is worth the cost of a Lyft ride from downtown to experience this fantastic establishment. Seriously the best.Fantastic preparation and seasonings, fresh truffle nan was divine. The lamb was excellent. Choosing to share a number of small plates and apps and splitting one entree was the way to go. Good, focused wine list too. Great service. Was a bit loud in a way that a few acoustic tiles could have addressed.Delicious. The oysters are a must. And the Tamarind shrimp starter.  Great drinks.  Everything was good but the oysters and tamarind shrimp were out of this world.Service and food both were really good. I recommend this place for a good Indian food in New Orleans.Sunday brunch at Saffron in the strip mall in Gretna was indeed like walking into India itself. Complex, well researched, well rooted in Indian traditions, yet creative and colorful cuisine. Tasteful, clean and dignified decor. Friendly, well trained waiters and cooks that seem passionate about their little treasure of a restaurant. 
Bill rather high without the full wow factor achieved; otherwise would have given it five stars. I am not whining, just that we just cannot afford to visit for another five years (and we probably go for Indian at least once a month). And probably would not come back for another "special occasion" ever, so that might be the end of our relationship with Saffron although it was nice once. Talk about a one night stand! Uh, afternoon. 
Just that....When you do the math, you figure out that you could eat three times at Taj Mahal in Metairie (and I believe just as well) for the same price as one time at this place, and you sigh and you say it was a nice treat, and you wish them luck. But they are only open twice a week, and full of folks, so they probably will not miss us at all. They seem to be charging what will make it worth their effort and not particularly concerned about paying the bills. At Nirvana on Magazine, you could eat twice for the same price as once here as well and have the virtually the same fanciness and better grub--in my humble, uninformed but often hungry opinion. 
High end? Yes, the decor is a bit nicer, but we honestly enjoyed the food more at Nirvana and Taj Mahal even while paying less. At both locations the naan is fresher and better made.  Still, some part of me respects the effort at Saffron, the nice atmosphere, and what they are trying to do. They sure do give life to the broken down Gretna strip mall where they have set up shop! There is a really sketchy bar next door, and nobody even seems to notice. 
Once you enter the door of Saffron, you are whooshed away into another land. In appearance, this place is quite pretty on the same level as NOLA for example, Emeril's modern bistro, except in Hindi, so I guess their price is the goin rate. Plus there is the fusion thing. This place is not Indian in the strict sense of the word although they do have traditional dishes on the menu. 
Only open Fridays and Sundays. These guys are busy catering on other days apparently. All in all, it's fun place for an adventurous meal. But for Indian food in NOLA, we have tried better places at half the cost and on our side of the river. 
If you want a video visual, here is the unknown FC: 
http://www.wwltv.com/eyewitness-morning-news/Unknown-Food-Critic--142059083.htmlWe were frequent diners when this restaurant was on the Westbank.  We always enjoyed the quality and the service but always thought it to be a bit expensive.  Last night was a whole other level!  The service was spot on and the restaurant is beautiful if not a bit overdone....however the food quality was mediocre and the prices for what we received were ridiculous.  We ordered the 24 Carrot Salad, which should have been named the 2 Carrot salad.  Two baby carrots on a mound of underdressed mixed greens the size of a baby's head with a sprinkle of fried lentils.
Chicken Biriyani had 4 small cubes of chicken with a huge quantity of rice.  
We felt like we had been robbed when we left.  
If the food was great we would have been happy to pay the prices they charge....it just wasn'tAmazing Indian fusion restaurant in Uptown NoLa! I must say, I selected this place for a work dinner due to excellent ratings, but not the menu.  It is NOT traditional Indian but even my Uber driver was raving about it on the ride over. The ambiance is beautiful.  I ate at the bar as it was absolutely jam packed on a Tuesday early evening and I just had to see what all the fuss is about.
My bartender was very professional and prompt.  Despite not having what I tend to order on the menu, he spoke to the chef and they made my shrimp curry creation an incredible experience!  I always ask for "Indian hot" on the spice scale and they delivered.
Bonus, the chef came out at the end of my meal to see how I enjoyed the specially prepared meal.  Garlic naan and gulab jamum rounded out my dinner.
Must go if in NoLa and craving Indian.  It is 10 min cab ride from downtown and very much worth it.I was really excited to try this place. They only open on Friday nights, so we had to plan ahead of time and made a reservation. Not sure if you can just walk in.
The service was incredibly good. We had at least 2 people dedicated to us throughout the dinner. 
The restaurant is not really that big, so walking around when it is packed (it was really packed when we went) it is a little hard. I felt that I was walking into everybody on the tables when we left. Also, several tables share the same booth, and I felt that the people next to me was a little too close.
Now, the food. The Bombay Shrimp appetizer was amazing! Really good, and came in quickly. The chicken tikki masala had nothing special to it, I mean it was good, but you can find it in any indian restaurant. The Thali (vegetable dinner) wasy favorite! Each small plate had a different unique flavor, and they were all good! The eggplant, lentils, and the yogurt were my favorites! It included a small spicy cream that went well with all the other small dishes.
The wines were not expensive, and they have Moscow Mules!!! (I have develope an addiction for them..)Great food and ambience. Shared lamb chops, shrimp and crab. Very busy but got bar seating with full menu.We've been waiting for this day for a while and Saffron did not disappoint!! Beyond excited to have authentic Indian food here in nola! Everything was wonderful from the cocktails to the very last bite. We were checked with constantly by the chef as he made his way through the dining room. The staff is super friendly and the atmosphere is great!Our last night in Nola and we had a lot to celebrate. We decided to try the restaurant with so many good reviews. The ambience and staff is on point. Very friendly and quick to respond. Our drinks were good including a mock tail. Our appetizers swept us away each bite of that lasooni chicken was to die for, very soft and tender. The fried cauliflower pakoras were so crispy. The sauces for dips were also wonderful. We actually ate our naans along with the appetizers as they were brought out early (instead of actually with the entree?). Nothing could have gone wrong until our entree's came. I am giving one star less just for that. We ordered the pork vindaloo, goat masala and 3 vegetarian dishes with naan. I am not a chef but I have eaten enough Indian to notice something was off and I'm not sure what. It appears as though the meat was not cooked in the masalas but added in separately or not cooked in the masala enough. I am sure there is always room for improvement and hope they can get it to perfection as they are a great place to frequent.Heard a lot of great things about this place but left feeling underwhelmed. The food was ok- but not well balanced. The cocktails sounded like they would be super unique based on the ingredients but didn't taste very different from their more traditional counterparts. The presentation of the main dishes was stunning and well cooked but the portions were comically small. Overall the experience felt like something people imagine"fancy" dining to be - a dimly room with tiny portions designed to look like art. It so feels crazy to spend $150+ on an average tasting dinner for two and leave feeling hungry.Great place! Too bad they're only open on Fridays! Make sure to make RSVP's becuase it gets packed. I ordered the crab dish for the appetizer. It had crabmeat, mint, and mango chutney in it. The mango added the perfect flavor to this, must try! I ordered the scallops for my entree, this also had mango suace to it, it was delicisous and the sauce was really good. But my friend ordered the lamb, which is a must try. It was very tender and juicy and i just wanted more. I'm coming back.Great food and amazing service! but does not really fill you up for the price you pay.Went with family while visiting our son. 
Amazing waiter with great personality.
Really enjoyed all the vegetarian options. 
From start to finish felt very taken care of!
Even met a familiar face from Vermont.Had an excellent dinner at Saffron Nola. The cocktails were unique and delicious. My favorite: Pinky Up. Dinner was a whirlwind of spicy flavours. We ate family style, sharing and tasting. It was a great experience. I would only want the volume of the music to be turned down so conversation is possible.I have no words to describe the amazingness that is saffron! I had set aside a special dinner when I was in town for a conference, even though I had other plans that evening! I had hesrd wonderful things about saffron and couldn't wait to try it. And I was absolutely blown away. 
1. The ambience was really nice, inviting, a little combination of the New Orleans vibe mix with an Indian vibe
2. The food presentation was out of this world!
3. The food itself was great!
Will definitely be back next time I'm in town!This food is so incredibly good. If you like Indian food with an accent of New Orleans style cooking, this is the place90% of the menu was phenomenal. My main course as the gulf fish was about a 5oz portion for $30. Not sure if it was because we were a 9:30 seating and they ran out? Just kind of a let down at the end.My new favorite! This place is run like a well oiled Machine! 
Perfect cocktails; balanced beautifully for standard NOLA prices, plus, abundant, well seasoned, truly scrumptious food!
All this, served by a super clever, professional, staff eager to please with zero insincerity or pomp!
I really think these guys have it all figured out!
Go! It's all 5 stars! Atmosphere is kickin'! Music is well chosen...Go!Very, very, very good. Just not perfect. Yummy but typical cocktails, good oysters (flavorful, but gritty), great small plates, EXCELLENT trio of traditionally Indian dishes, and pretty darn good goat masala (minus the annoying bones). I liked the saag, but loved the lentils. Shrimp was goodMy friend and I reeeeally enjoyed our meal, it just wasn't quite 5-stars. The staff was friendly but not super knowledgeable about the wine list...they were helpful with suggestions, just not memorable. GORGEOUS decor. Very neat stories behind the design, so be sure to ask! Worth a visit, just not my favorite.Nice spot and a good expansion of Indian food that NOLA desperately needs.
Must say the attitude of the hostess as well as waitress was less than stellar and am treated the same by the Wendy's drive-thru folks (they do the job but sure aren't friendly).
Food was good.  Best dish was definitely chicken briyiani. Naan was also good, tried all three varieties.  Nothing mind-blowing (ie. the pita at Shaya).
Excellent drink menu and expansive list of cocktails.
Was expecting more as this place has been highly talked about for months.
Again, food was good.  For the price I can go down one block to Nirvana and have just as good (if not better) for half the cost.  Also, much more gracious wait staff one block down the road.
Drink selection was definitely the highlight.
Likely won't return but is great to see excitement for a different kind of cuisine!Came here based on a recommendation from a friend. I came in for lunch because I happened to be in the neighborhood.
The prices for the small plates are a bit high, but since this was a late lunch, I had a main and skipped the small plates.
I had the chicken grilled cheese with frites. I also ordered a side of the chutneys (in addition to the chutney that comes with the sandwich). The sandwich was delicious. Cooked well with generous portions of cheese and chicken and a nice little spice to the chicken. The chutneys were all quite good and had good texture and flavor.
I also had a glass of Gamay Noir from France that was quite nice and at a very reasonable price ($12).
I would return here. I'd like to try the dinner menu.I am still very much on a Saffron Nola high. I thought by now I would be over it, but I'm just as excited about it as I was eating my truffle naan last Saturday evening. This restaurant is unlike most in New Orleans not just because it is non-Creole and fried sloppy but that it can compete with most restaurants in most metropolitan cities. It is a modern Indian restaurant complete with plush surroundings. 
The food did not fail me. I mentioned trying the truffle naan, but to be honest the house naan was just as good, if not better. We started the evening with the oyster bed roast. How did they roast it perfectly without the oyster shrinking to a hard nibblet on the shell like most charred oysters come? And, the house naan was perfect for sopping up all the left over bits in the shell. 
How clever is the roti sathi option?! Option for 3 or 6 that allows a little taste of usual favorites. We had the saag paneer, eggplant Hyderabad, and gobi. Each delicious. And, I will probably never be able to eat a non-Saffron Nola saag paneer again. 
As for our entrees we shared pork vindaloo and goat masala. Both were mouth-watering good, but the winner for me was the pork vindaloo. The pork was cooked in that melt-in-your mouth good perfection. 
The restaurant is smart casual with very elegant details with an exposed kitchen which is always a plus in my opinion. A very warm place. Classy but not pretentious. And the staff was appropriately attentive. I particularly loved Raj. Also, kudos on offering decaf coffee, Illy coffee at that, to finish off a perfect dinner.AMAZING!! I've come here twice in two weeks because it's my new favorite spot. 
-Cocktail list is creative and lots of variety, plus great wines! 
-service is fantastic! Everyone is very friendly, efficient and professional. They also do a great job at explaining the menu if you're not sure what to get 
-food --the best! I leave with my taste buds in heaven. Love the goat masala, royal paneer with roti and this is the best gumbo in town! 
-ambiance is warm, fancy but not pretentious. Love the decor at the bar too 
Make reservations, it's worth it!The best dosa in the world with the chicken curry goes good with it.
And puni puni with the green water is very good 
Mr. Dicki cooks very good dis well as the party's.Great ambience, interesting take on Indian food, slightly fancy setting ( suit up and wear those dress shoes).. I loved the appetizers - tuna chat and pakora. They were flavorful yet not spicy  ( hot level). Their cocktail menu was very interesting as well!  Overall , had a great experience! Why take one star off you ask? - I wasn't thrilled with the curry that came with my entree.  I did the 3 types of curry with roti and paratha ( breads were really good!) But the curry was watered down and was a let down after the fantastic appetizers and drinks.Amazing modern Indian food. Great cocktails and wine selection. Service and ambiance was good. Definitely should try.  Lamp chops were so good.This is one of my absolute favorite restaurants. Shaya was my go-to, but this....THIS....is a whole different story. We had no reservations and just decided to walk in and see what the hustle and bustle was all about. There were no more tables available for the night, but luckily we were able to eat at the bar. We had a cocktail and only waited about ten minutes. 
For the cocktails:
I started with the "Atonement." Scotch, tomato ginger chutney, lemon bitters, and topped with a dusting of chili. Okay, I know this sounds weird...but if you're someone who usually gears more towards the savory things in life, this cocktail is for you. But hey, like sweet things with a little bit of spice? This cocktail is also for you! Like scotch? Sold. 
The second cocktail was harder for me to choose, I would honestly be satisfied with any of them, but I went for the "New Kid on the Block." A citrusy tequila, rum, and tamarind drink. Here's the kicker--it's served in a hollowed out half of a lime stuffed with cinnamon sticks that they light on fire. Who knew burning cinnamon would smell so good? The aroma is what made this cocktail truly delightful.
For the food: 
We ordered the garlic naan, royal paneer, eggplant hyderabad, and raita (3 or $15) to start. To share, we ordered the entree of chicken biriyani. All of it was divine. The biriyani came out in this cute little cast iron dutch oven. Tiny small side note: the chicken biriyani is supposed to be served with a soft boiled egg, but it was more hard boiled. Still fine with it, but I know there are some ooey gooey runny egg yolk lovers out there. Anyways, the dish was perfect to share. The small plates were amazing. But the star? The garlic naan and royal paneer. I could come here and fill up on garlic naan and royal paneer and be extremely satisfied. Must try this out for yourself. I will be back.I absolutely love this restaurant. It has such an amazing vibe and ambiance as soon as you walk in. The atmosphere is fun but chill, a mixture of classy and chic decor.  You're able to watch the kitchen, I enjoy watching them make the naan- which is a must try. I've been here a couple times and have just loved everything I've eaten. I've had an eggplant dish and a goat dish (I forgot the exact name). It's a great place to go on a group dinner, fabulous for girls nights and awesome place for a date. They have a nice wine selection and a tasteful and exciting  cocktail menu. The pinky's up is my favorite cocktail. Menu is small but executed perfectly. I'd recommend sitting at the bar and having one of their bartenders make you a specialty drink and enjoy an app or even a full meal. Service is impeccable and the wait staff is extremely educated on the menu and wine list. You definitely won't be disappointed with this place. Indian food with a creole twist, a must try.Really don't understand what all the rave reviews are about as I was very disappointed.  Maybe people are excited to have Indian in the city or something...who knows.  But the flavor just wasn't there and the portions were ridiculously small.  
The space itself is very nice but contemporary, which is unusual for Indian restaurant. I guess there's no law that Indian restaurants need to be indian-ee, but the space just didn't make any sense to me, but it does look nice.  There are some Indian elements at the bar so I guess that counts...
Wasn't very impressed with the menu so just got the oysters and the chicken boti (forgot what it's actually called but basically it's pieces of tandoori chicken). 
 The oysters looked beautiful but tasted bland and didn't have any Indian flavor elements at all.  If you're going to put chargrilled oysters on the menu in this town they have to taste fantastic.  If it's at an Indian restaurant then it needs to have some Indian flavor?  The chicken boti was good, not great, but was $15 for three pieces of chicken which is completely absurd.  For that price I should get triple the amount of chicken.  For dessert I had the gulab jamun (I think it was called donut something) that came with a scoop of ice cream.  It was tasty, but only one gulab jamun...and for $10...also just completely absurd.
Service at the bar also wasn't that good...they were swamped and therefore inattentive.  I still don't fully understand if this place is supposed to be Indian or indian fusion but in either case it completely missed the mark.  It's basically for goras.  I don't know why we can't get decent Indian in this town?This place is a hidden gem on the Westbank, only open on Friday nights!  The food was absolutely flawless.  The service was impeccable.  The ambiance, very pretty.  There was a fixed menu tonight for Valentine's.  We normally never go out on this holiday, as you have to wait forever with reservations and most places rush you out the door to flip tables.  Not here.  The pacing between each course was perfect.  We will definitely be back!Delightful staff! Treated us like family for my 40th bday dinner. I couldn't ask for a warmer welcome or more accomadating and friendly (did I mention beautiful?) employees. Captivating setting and ambiance. The bar is an architectural wonder of rich wood with the soul of old Siam. This is echoed throughout the entire establishment along with rich pops of industrial pieces.
 The truffle naan is irresistible and perfect. The Tamarind Shrimp were quickly gobbled up by ME and full of sweet and savory complexity. The sauce on the lamb chops, when sopped up with the aforementioned truffle naan, was mind bogglingly delicious. The flan with candied pumpkin seeds whispered the secrets of Autumn... SERIOUSLY, y'all!
 I gave it 4 stars instead of 5, because when it comes to Indian food, I desire punch-me-in-the-mouth, over the top flavor, but that is merely personal preference... Cuz this place is damn near Nirvana, or Valhalla, or heaven, whatever YOUR preference! :)
 We gotta go back and try more... And visit for their new lunch hours. See ya there!I am so disappointed with this place. My husband had the pork vindaloo. The taste was mediocre. The rice was not Basmati. I had the Lamb. It was cooked nicely, but a bit salty and I didn't like the sauce. The rice served with the lamb was terrible. It tasted like ground up left over rice. The saag panned was terrible and tasteless. The only really good thing was the garlic naan.Tried this for the first time last week. 
Open only on Friday nights, this restaurant feels like a secret little find. 
My boyfriend and I went for date night and it was an exceptional meal. 
If you are expecting 'traditional' Indian food, this might disappoint; but with the creative approach the Saffron Nola took, we thoroughly enjoyed it. 
They gave us an amuse bouche/ lagniappe that was some type of curry butter which was so tasty. 
We went with the tamarind shrimp appetizer that was listed as one of their signature dishes. Yummy, flavorful and just enough to not get too full. 
Special cocktail of the evening was a rye sazerac and something coconuty that sounded too sweet- maybe better for desert.  We chose the sazeracs - ended up complimenting the Indian flavors perfectly.
Boyfriend got the Marsala Goat dish that out-shined my Gulf Fish Malabar which was lentil crusted and perfectly cooked. 
Other plus was that the owner came and talked to us, explained the menu and offered suggestions. Love the attention given to the customers!
Next time I'm trying the pulled pork vinadloo!Always a great meal with fantastic service. Perfect to go as well during this time. Recommend all the vegetables and naan, try the gumbo as wellShockingly disappointing. I went with some Indian friends and despite our collective high hopes, we left rather sad and still unsatisfied. 
We went straight to the entrees as we were quite hungry. The food arrived quite fast. One friend ordered the coconut fish and ended up ordering a second entree due to the very small portion of food.  I split the 6 little dishes for 29 with another friend who was vegetarian. Again, portions were TINY. I had planned on getting the lotus root kofta, but was rather shadily informed by the waiter that it had been taken off the menu 2 months ago. There are currently no vegetarian entrees. Out of the 6 little dishes we got, all were lukewarm in temperature. The baingan  bharta was mostly just onions instead of eggplant. I have made better dal and Gobi at home. The roti were piping hot and very nice. The only remotely redeeming dish was the chicken biriyani that came steaming hot and was very well seasoned, albeit mild. 
Ambiance was nice and service was pretty good. They did forget my friend's raita for quite a while but it was delicious when it arrived. Unfortunately will not be returning.Although this is a late review (we dined in mid April) I am still compelled to let everyone know how great the food is. My wife and I went as an anniversary dinner and it was fantastic. We split a sampling of small plates and shareable dishes including the Bombay Shrimp, Tikki Trio, Crabmeat Pudha, Roti Sathi, and Sticky Toffee Halwa (for dessert). Everything was fantastic, the Bombay Shrimp were cooked perfectly as the flavor was delightful. The Sticky Toffee Halwa was something we had never tried before but the two of us ended up competing for the last bite. The staff was friendly and knowledgeable, they explained all the dishes to us as they came out. My wife LOVED the Pinky Up cocktail too!Arrived in New Orleans late afternoon on the 3rd of January..by the time we headed out to dinner the thunderstorm rain clouds were pouring buckets of water...
We called ahead and reserved two seats at the bar as the restaurant was booked...we were greeted at the door like old friends. Wet jackets hug up to dry... and we were taken to our seats...
The owner came by to say hello and to thank you for coming tonight. 
We had the shrimp, gumbo, and started out with a manhattan and vodka martini....
The food was AWESOME, service friendly, and the "vibe" of the place felt like we had arrived at the best restaurant in the city. 
Will return to restaurant one more time before leaving the city.