Loved the fried chicken & shrimp cocktail here. Great atmosphere and friendly staff; nice place for a date!This place is a hidden gem. I chose this restaurant based off yelp reviews. I was kind of looking for something a little different and we were celebrating baes birthday.
We went for a late dinner. It was a Monday night but I still made a 9:30 reservation. You can never be to sure. We arrived exactly at 9:30 and was seated immediately by Jeff.
We had our choice of tables. We chose a table behind the bar so we could watch the football game. Jeff came over to tell us about the late night happy hour and the dinner specials.
He was very attentive. We ordered 2 daiquiris off the happy hour menu. I had the pineapple crush I believe and bae had a strawberry margarita. 
After reviewing the menu and reading the yelp reviews we decided on an order of devil eggs, a small bowl of gumbo, crawfish spring rolls and chili wings.
The food arrived fairly quickly. It was so much food we didn't know where to start. I started with the crawfish spring rolls and be the deviled eggs. The spring rolls were absolutely delicious. I've never had crawfish before but this roll definitely did it justice.
The deviled eggs were plentiful and the presentation was beautiful.  I'm not a fan of capers so I removed them but the egg overall was very tasty.
The gumbo arrived piping hot and came with 2 slices of bread. It was so good but I had gotten full off of the spring roll and deviled egg so I only ate a couple of spoonfuls. Not to worry, bae finished the rest.
We didn't get to the wings. Jeff was nice enough to wrap them to go.
We were given the bread pudding as a birthday dessert. It arrived warm, deep fried and delicious. Maybe the best bread pudding I've had.
I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you're in the area. Next time I will do brunch. Great service, food and ambiance.Great little place tucked along side the French Market.  GREAT baked oysters!  My wife had the shrimp salad and said it was amazing.St. Cecilia is a lovely, intimate space with excellent food and great service.  They also make a good Sazerac, which I've learned is mandatory to be considered fine dining in NOLA.  
Our party of two had two  appetizers, grilled oysters and confit wings.  Both were great.  For our entree, we split the gnocchi, which was about as good as gnocchi gets, and the reason you should visit St. Cecilia.
We drank our dessert - Sazerac, again, and went on our merry way, feeling pleasantly mellow and satisfied.Best damn breakfast I've ever had. We had the roast beef debris biscuit with cheese sauce on top And stuffed French toast. The fruit was the best fruit I've ever seen and the homemade whipped cream on the French toast was out of this world. Fresh squeezed orange juice and a latte for the perfect end to this meal. We will be back!Good food in the French Quarter is hard to find. This is truly good food in the French Quarter! The oysters were delicious! Everything was well seasoned and had great flavors. The hurricane was the best I had ever tasted. Yum! The weird thing is that we were the only ones there at the time for dinner at 6pm. It seemed strange since the food, drinks and service were so wonderful. Good food and no lines in the French Quarter! You can't beat that.The pim's cup daiquiris were amazing! Oysters were huge! I ordered red beans and rice with sausage and it was really well done. It comes with a side of cornbread, very comforting food.Writing this review before I've finished...it is that good. Here on business with a colleague and we ordered the Honey Nut Sweet Potato Fried, the Crawfish Spring Rolls, the Shrimp & FGT Remoulade Po'Boy and the Chicken & Waffles. All of it was absolutely incredible! Can not recommend this place enough. The staff and the food is amazing!4 is being pretty generous. 
We ordered delivery and it came a little bit earlier than stated so that was a plus. 
Poboy with cheese curds-my husband likes it but it looks really heavy and a normal person can eat half and be full. It came with a salad that has seen better days that had no dressing on it whatsoever. The chips included were homemade and were crispy and lightly salted. That was pretty good. 
Gumbo with andouille sausage-it was on the slightly salty side but wasn't too bad with the bread that was included. It was pretty spicy for me but perfect for my husband. I think this was the best dish we ordered
Mashed potatoes with debris-eh.Great find! Small place at the end of the French Market but such a hidden treasure. Grabbed a quick bite to eat and a frozen strawberry margarita. Good music playing and trendy decor.Local beers on tap, stiff and delicious bloodies, and homemade deviled eggs (topped with crispy bacon and baked capers)...what's not to love? The bartender is a doll (and was here when we visited NOLA a year ago). This is a great stop to come in, cool off, and rehydrate with some tasty libations after strolling the French Market. Its right across the street. Cool spot in a cool town.Man this place was fire !!!!! The devil eggs to start off were fabulous!!! And for a meal I got the red beans and rice and they were just spicy enough but not to hot !!!! My wife got the macaroni and cheese and I tried some and have to say that it's probably the best I have ever had. Also I tried the roast beef pot boy and it was great too. Drinks are great and great atmosphere just all around a great place to go. Come see Jeff when u come in he was great as well. Also my buddy had the the oysters raw and he said they was really good as well. Must try this place outThe best hurricane cocktail. Fresh oysters and the gulf fish was delicious. Really great atmosphere.We came for craft frozen daiquiris and oysters and were not disappointed! Happy hour is 4-7 daily with $2 off daiquiris and $9/dozen raw oysters (they also had wine specials and a cocktail of the day). 
For drinks, we got a frozen Pimm's cup and a Singapore Sling, which tasted pretty strong and served in a classy styrofoam cup for our takeaway pleasure. 
We also ordered a half dozen chargrilled oysters because my girlfriend wasn't a fan of the raw oysters we've had in the past in NYC. The cooked oysters were solid, but I really thought the raw oysters were the star of the show. They were fresh and HUGE and surprisingly did not have that strong of a brine taste (something that seemed to be characteristic of oysters from the East coast). 
My only complaint is that there was grit and sand in all of the oysters. That didn't bother me too much, but just be careful on chomping down immediately after you slurp because you might bite into some hard pieces. 
My girlfriend ended up eating half of the raw oysters, which was a huge step forward for someone who had previously hated raw oysters. That said, she still preferred the grilled, so depending on your preference, you can't go wrong with both!To start, the staff is extremely friendly, even when you walk in at closing. They are also knowledgeable about the menu and every ingredient that goes into it. 
The ambiance is comfortable. It's a place to relax from all the chaos. 
The music, though not yet live, is from the 50s. I liked every song, and the waitress, Sonja, even knew the song. Classy lady (: 
Try it out. The food speaks for itself. It is high class ingredients, paired perfectly. Try the sweet potato fries and the confit wings. If I could give ten stars I would. The kitchen takes pride in everything they send out to their customers. You can taste and feel the love in the food.Fantastic little restaurant on the edge of the Quarter near the French Market and the Old U.S. Mint.  It's clearly related to Saint Lawrence (on the other side of the Quarter) but this is more of a casual restaurant than bar and the food & service initially appear to be better (or at least more consistent) here.  On a recent weeknight visit everyone in my group absolutely loved their food - deviled eggs, red beans & rice, char-grilled oysters, fried green tomato & shrimp po-boy, and gnocchi.  Wow, some of the best traditional NOLA food you'll find in town plus they've got some additional items & twists.
Service was great (admittedly on a slow night), and while prices may seem a tad high initially you'll also find that the portions are huge and everything appears to be cooked in-house from scratch.  Plus you can get a real daiquiri including the signature Pimms Cup from Saint Lawrence and they donate $1 from every daiquiri plus some of the restaurant proceeds to The Roots of Music (Saint Cecilia is apparently the patron saint of musicians).  They've also got discounted oysters and drinks during happy hour from 4-7pm and they're apparently open long hours from 9am to Midnight daily.
This will definitely be a go-to place when I'm going to Frenchmen Street (where there's not much exciting in terms of restaurants) or the Old U.S. Mint for festivals.  Or when I have folks in town who want real New Orleans food including some of the best red beans in town.  Bravo!!Very good food for sure.
Wife's fried oyster banh mi was fantastic.., 5 stars for that.
I had the red beans and rice.  The grilled andouille sausage was excellent as was the cabbage.  The beans and rice was a bit too heavy IMO. Still, good food and excellent outdoor service.Good food, fast to go orders. The red beans and rice was great and ton of food! And the crawfish pasta was delicious.Restaurant was cute and that brought us in on an early Saturday afternoon.  My husband and I were seated by the hostess who seamed pleasant, but she didn't speak.  Restaurant wasn't busy - two at the bar being attended to by bartender. We were the third or fourth table in there. We watched the server go up to each of the other tables and check on them, get them what they needed - never acknowledging our presence. 10 minutes later we left. There are far too many options in this town for this kind of service.We stumbled upon this lovely little place last night as they were closing and they were so welcoming. the cocktails were so good.. and the food was mind blowing. the appetizers were perfect and we split the fish almondine (spelling?) entree and honestly it was so amazing. Shout out to whoever is in charge of the playlist too, it sets the mood perfectly. apparently this place is relatively new.. so i recommend checking it out before everyone else finds it.We found this place based on good help reviews. It is tucked away from most of the main crowds across from the French market. We had a great brunch with giant coffees and food portions. Our sever Gemma was awesome and we would definitely recommend the Roast Beef Debris Biscuit! The place is cute and has a great vibe- go check them out!We stumbled upon this gem. The service was excellent! We were greeted by the host and immediately sat at a table in the back. The server came over quickly to take our drink order. 
We ordered the sweet potato fries. They were topped off with Gorgonzola cheese and pecans. So delicious! The fries were fried perfectly. Very crispy. 
I had the red beans and rice as my entree. It came with andouille sausage, a side of cabbage and cornbread. The beans were spicy. I enjoyed them! The cabbage was yummy. I felt that the cornbread, although tasty, should have been baked a little longer. 
I got to also try the Oyster banh mi. The bread was fresh. The vegetables on the sandwich were tasty. I loved the aioli sauce on the sandwich. So good! 
They also had many brunch items on the menu. I can't wait to go back and try their other dishes.We've been here for a few days and this place has been closed. We're leaving tonight and sure enough they were open for lunch. Thank God! Our server was Stacy was the bomb! We did like an all Tapas lunch.. chicken wings, gumbo, deviled eggs, a dozen grilled oysters, everything was absolutely delicious! Glad we got to fit them in before we fly out. We will be back!We were seated fast by a very nice lady. The waitress however, sort of ignored us the whole time. We ordered a coffee with milk and I had to ask for milk 3 times until I got it. The food was very so so, extremely greasy and I had to even ask for a pen to sign the check. She also didn't even look at us when she talked. Very unsatisfied ... we didn't get any service and the restaurant doesn't even have AC .... We waited quite some time for our food as well. The only good thing was that it was in front of a local street market. I don't know why it has such a high ratingAwesome spot with delicious slurpy booze (aka daquiries). It's all about the pims cup. Stacey was a great waitress. We'll be back for sure.So fabulous!! We had the fried chicken and waffles - amazing!! All white breast meat!!! Delicious home made whip cream!! Also had the pulled roast beef Benedict with debris and mornay sauce over fresh biscuits !!! The best of everything!! Drinks and service was great! Get a table on the front patio!!Delicious bloody Mary's and coffee with baileys. We are biscuit lovers and got the roast beef and gravy biscuit. They are very accommodating if you want to build your own biscuit too!Stopped in for cocktails and brunch. Mimosas were tasty and our food was amazing. Potions were beyond generous. I had the French toast. Everything just tasted very fresh and was so delicious. Staff was so friendly and everything got to our table super quick. Highly recommend!The fried pickles and mac and cheese were delicious! I honestly only take away a star because I thought our server wasn't very attentive (e.g., not filling up our drinks, not really checking in with us, paying more attention to other groups).We were initially unhappy with having this place preselected for us by a couple leading a large group we were with, however our attitude quickly changed following our frozen Pims Cup Daiquiri mixed drinks. The drink was  not too sweet nor too tart and had the right amount alcohol after adding the free shot we got, thanks to the Yelp check-in. Following theses great drinks we sampled the cooked oysters and the crawfish spring role. I will say the cooked oysters were the best I've ever had!! For dinner, I got the Red Beans and Rice and my wife ordered the Gnocchi. Both meals were exceptional, fortunately we even got a chance to have part of my friend's fried chicken witch was equally appetizing. Additionally, our waitress was fantastic! She was hilarious and really fun to talk to.The service is wonderful and everyone is extremely nice whenever I visit St. Cecilia. I typically order the wings and mac and cheese which both are excellent choice for something quick and not too heavy! Tonight when I went into the restaurant I was having a hard time seeing because I believe one of the managers insisted the lights be dimmed down very low, it made for a sleepy environment. But overall this is an amazing spot to drink, eat, and also they have 2 happy hours.Amazing food. Beef debris was amazing, gumbo was top notch.  Sweet potato fries were said to be "the best ever" by Marie. (she's gets them any time they're offered, so don't take that endorsement lightly). I don't even like sweet potato fries and I had to admit they were incredibly tasty. Great selection, everyone seemed to be enjoying their lunch/brunch and drinks. Presentation of the food was solid as well. Strongly recommended. Friendly and attentive service.Excellent atmosphere, a very comfortable place to chill and enjoy a bite. I had the Gorgonzola bacon burger, with some off-menu alterations: lettuce wrap (hold the bun) and asparagus on the side. Great for a ketosis diet. Nice wine selection. 
Great staff as well. Very much recommended.Great breakfast place and right next to the market. Wasn't terribly busy in the morning but looked packed later in the evening.  
Got the bbq shrimp and chicken and waffles. Both were fantastic. The chicken and waffles were perfectly cooked and served with chicken strips which my wife prefers (no bones). The bbq and shrimp were great as well. Also the drinks were a heavy poor which was needed that particular morning. 
Put this one on the list.Wonderful place, in a fantastic location, and great for our group of 7! Highly recommend!Just had drinks, great service and ambience. Very cozy but great finishes. The red-headed bartender/hostess/waitstaff was excellent. Very pleasant and conversational.What a great start to the evening after walking through the open air market. We sat down outside and our waiter was friendly and open. We started with grilled oysters, I can't tell you how yummy they were. For our main courses there was fried chicken and hanger steak and Thai chilly wings and a cucumber salad. 
We were amazed by the service and great spirit of the place.  They donate a portion of the profits to local musician non profit. St Cecila is a patron saint of the arts.This was a gem of a place. Unassuming, quaint, great service,interesting and delicious food,creative cocktails (love the Saint Cecilia!!!), good prices as well! Our server, Jeff was patient and attentive without bothering us. He had great knowledge of the menu and steered us toward some great choices. I highly recommend the confit chicken wings as an appetizer. We had a group of 10 and all the food came out quickly. For entrees, we loved the hangar steak frites, red beans and rice and fish. Highly recommended!This place.
I've been a long time devotee of St Lawrence--St Cecilia's brother restaurant farther up the road towards Canal--but I just got around to trying this place today for brunch and it was incredible. There were only two servers for the mid-size space, but their hustle and smile ensured everyone was taken care of in a timely manner. The drinks and coffee were excellent...but the food...outstanding. We got the crawfish spring rolls for an appetizer. Delicious. Then I got The chicken and waffles...transcendent. Easily one of the best brunches I've had in a low key environment. Will be returning.The Randall mojito! 
So first thing St. Cecilia is this great new restaurant bar right across from the start of the French market. I initially came in for a Uber pickup but decided to come back after checking out the Yelp photos. 
When I came back after the Uber lunch rush the rather upbeat bartender Randall greeted me with a water, menu ran off his favorites and gave me a minute to reflect. 
I needed every minute of that time. I was pleasantly surprised at the menu which was a perfect variety of New Orleans staples with a modern twist. I took the bartenders suggestion and with the Confit wings.
Now this wing was more thanks your basic wing with a decent sauce. The presentation was on point but after the first bite I was taken right back to Oakland's China town. The wings were so flavorful and perfectly crisped and sauced. However it was the flavor that made me double take my surroundings to be sure I hadn't somehow jumped back to the authentic Asian cuisines I've become accustomed to back home. (CA)
The wings came 8 to a order for $10  so good that I didn't have time to wait for a pic. The drink was a perfect pairing to the wings. Also a bartender suggestion. The definition of a mojito plus a little stronger( not complaining). So refreshing I almost didn't notice I was getting drunk!
Will definitely be back and suggest to my friends. Trendy space, convenient location, great food, awesome staff. Hope this place sticks around because I'll definitely be back!They have potential if they improved their food ingredients a bit more. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles as well as a burger. The chicken lacked ANY flavor whatsoever, but the waffles were nice, warm, and sweet. I could tell that the syrup and whip cream were a little low quality, but It satisfied me because I was hungry. 
The burger quality was very poor. I asked for medium-rare, and got a dull greyish burger. Didn't even finish it. 
Like I said, they are new and they can turn this around by choosing better ingredients for their dishes.I loved their chicken and waffles. I have breakfast here while visiting from California and loved it. If I'm ever back in the area I will definitely be visiting.Fresh made organic drinks, and delicous oysters! Sonya was our server and she was absolutely fantastic!What a quaint little bar/restaurant across from the French Quarter flea market. Sat outside on a beautiful day with great service from bartender and waitress! Food was great but atmosphere was excellent!I was looking for a good breakfast  and I found it in St. Cecelia, down in the French marketplace. My server, Mitzi, was excellent... Professional, knowledgeable, , friendly. And attentive. The Food was delicious iran especially tasty sausage that has a spicy bite... NUMMY.Our first night in New Orleans started off with this amazing restaurant. We were welcomed in with open arm. Very chill environment with INCREDIBLE oysters. We went there for happy hour and they were $9 for a dozen. 
We walked this place by another day during the week and our waitress remembered our names. It was very personal and she greeted us kindly, even though we were just passing by. 
Our last night in the city, we ventured back over to this same spot. We could not stop thinking about the food. This time, we got 2 dozen oysters and drinks. Omg the daiquiris are to die for. 
We also had the same waitress, Miranda, who made our stay in New Orleans extra special. We felt welcomed, even though this was our first time in the city. This place is a must-go!Great service and excellent food. We were delighted with the house made preserves, the omelettes were great, and the grits were just right.Loved the sweet cream cheese stuffed French toast and the creamy mac and cheese starter!We enjoyed a delicious brunch at Saint Cecilia's & we highly recommend it!! I had the oysters eggs benedict which was to die for! Another yummy dish was the poutin po boy & fried chicken & waffles! The servings were large and the prices were right! Check this place out for brunch!Wow. Just Wow. We came in just before closing and had one of the most incredible meals ever. Started with the fried pickles and moved on to a shrimp + fried green tomato po boy and red beans + rice for my wife. Great food, friendly service...five stars!!They need a bigger menu but the Mac and cheese was good and I hardly ever eat Mac and cheese so that was a win!This newer spot is the sister restaurant to St. Lawrence, a more established place also in the quarter. Stop by for oysters and cocktails, happy hour specials 4-7pm.  Great food/drinks and service, and nice atmosphere right across from the French market. I loved the strawberry 75, a tangy twist on a classic.Food and service were excellent! An added plus was the bathroom and kitchen were clean.This is my public service announcement... DO NOT WALK HERE AT ALL. It is super far (at the end of the French Market) and I let my friend pick the restaurant and handle the directions. By the time we made it I was hot, dehydrated and starving. Ok once we made it I ordered the BBQ Shrimp and Grits and a Poinsettia. It was a different spin on the classic dish and I was actually surprised that I enjoyed it. It had a spice to it and didn't really have the BBQ taste that I was expecting. It was actually delicious. The poinsettia was refreshing and much needed. I did get the water to go because I knew we had to walk back and I wasn't going to be caught out there again. All in all I would highly suggest you going and try this restaurant out if you are in the area.Excellent restaurant located in the corner of The French Quarter across from the open market. They serve quality food and have great happy hour specials on oysters and custom cocktails.Hidden gem 
Food is outstanding , sweet potato honey nut fries wow 
 Pork Roulade was off the chart with chili cane glaze and Tasso stuffing , Softshell with crawfish Burre blanc 
Finally fried bread pudding with whisky praline sauce, Jeff did a awesome job , we live around the best restaurants in downtown Houston , these guys are right in the wheelhouse with the bestI am an avid yelp user but have never left a review. Today, Saint Cecilia deemed itself worthy. This is my second time here-in less than a week-and this second time was just as memorable as the first. EVERYTHING from the service, to the bartender(EXCELLENT DRINKS, with a good amount of alcohol)was excellent both times. But the food, ommgggg the food. If everything else was horrible I would still return. I've gotten the chicken and waffles which comes with the freshest fruit from the Garden of Eden, lol! Usually I don't like my food to come with the sauce(or syrup in this case) to already come on my waffles but the amount they put is perfect for the meal. All in all if I could give them six stars I would!This was a fabulous place for brunch! The  chicken & waffles were delicious with a fair portion size that didn't over fill or leave me wondering where to go to get fed! It was a little hard to find and, Google maps didn't help. Essentially at the Esplanade end of the French Market facing the market on the French Quarter side of French Market Place. Well worth the short walk to get here.One of my favorites in the quarter. The atmosphere, the service and food are all just like I like it. 
The red beans and rice dish is delish and all of the sides are just as tasty. I'm a picky sausage eater but I'd put this right there with my mamas. 
The pain Perdue is absolutely amazing. This is one of the best I've had. The photos do not do it justice-seriously. I'm just sad I have to watch what I eat (you know that girlie figure) otherwise I would be here every single day. 
This is a must when you're in the quarter.This was a great  find.  It was right around the corner from our hotel.  We had a wonderful dinner.  I really enjoyed the red beans and rice.  The dish was nicely balanced.  Served with cabbage and corn bread both of which complemented the entree.  My husband really enjoyed the gnocchi.  The staff was wonderful. Friendly but not not obtrusive.  Great music selection. Very reasonable.If I could give this place negative stars I would. We just walked in with a party of 8 and as soon as we told the guy, he immediately said (in the rudest tone) I have two large parties coming in and don't have room for 8 and immediately turned around and walked away. He was so rude! He didn't say sorry or even wait for us to respond. Don't support this terrible establishment!I was a bit leery as it's a new restaurant but it far exceeded my expectation. I had a group of girlfriends in town visiting and we decided to eat here. The decor is beautiful, the service wonderful, and the chef spectacular. The food is absolutely to die for. It is definitely one of the best restaurants I've eaten at in quite some time. Definitely worth a five star review and if I could I would give them even more stars.Went in on a Sunday night...in town for a trade-show.  4 of us.  Place was empty except one table.  So glad we stayed.   Waitress was on point.  Food was awesome.  Had the crawfish egg rolls to start and then I ordered the spicy oyster PO-boy.  Boom!  Fish of the day was speckled trout and two of our guys crushed it...great flavor.  Chef and team brought his A-game for us!Delicious and hip southern food. Get a daiquiri and the crawfish spring rolls. Great experience.Place was phenomenal!!! Everything on the menu is amazing and the beer was perfect. Food took awhile to come out but was fresh and well worth the wait!!!Soooo good . Everything we ordered has amazing , also they deliver which was great after being so sore from walking all day ! 
We ordered 
Chili wings 
Sweet potatoes fries with Gorgonzola and honey  (we skipped the pecans ) 
Roast beef Po boy with cucumber salad 
We will definitely order again, when we come back !PSA! This bar/restaurant is the best kept secret of the French Quarter! Located at the end of the French Market next to Louisiana Pizza Kitchen, this place has freakin' AMAZING food, skilled bartenders, daiquiris, and great happy hour specials. I recommend the deviled eggs and Shrimp and FGT w/ Remoulade.  Careful, though... Once you're there, you may not want to leave. You've been warned!This is a small restaurant in the French quarter. It was the only place close to our hotel with an available reservation on a Saturday night so we gave it a try.  I'm so glad we did. It was dimly lit inside, had a nice ambiance, and full bar. I don't think they have air conditioning. It was rather warm and several fans were running. There's also a small outdoor dining space. Our waitress was very personable and attentive.  The best part was our meal. The food was amazing...deliciousness in every bite! I had the almond trout with potatoes, and green beans. My husband had the steak, potatoes,  and asparagus. Everything was fresh and seasoned to perfection. Portion sizes are large,  but the food was so good we couldn't stop eating.  This will definitely be a go to spot when we visit New Orleans again.My friends and I were visiting for a wedding and needed a late-night bite after a ghost tour, and our guide thankfully pointed is to Saint Cecilia. The food was SO. GOOD. We were the only table at 10:30pm and our server was so gracious and relaxed. Grabbed a table on the sidewalk and enjoyed our wine while we watched all the lit-up cyclists showing off their glowing rides in the empty market across the street. We started with the crawfish rolls and wished we had ordered twice as much, but needed to save room for our delicious entrees. I ordered the gnocchi while my friends ordered the shrimp poboy, and we could not stop stealing bites of each other's food, it was just too good. Fresh and so flavorful, every plate was clean. I hope they get the business their food deserves!Ordered delicious fried chicken with mash potatoes and a roast beef poboy for delivery. Prompt delivery service. 
3 of fried chicken was cooked to perfection/ juicy and the breading was crunchy and tasty. Mash potatoes came with gravy. JUST THE RIGHT AMOUNT. So good.
Highly recommend!!!!
My girlfriend ordered the roast beef poboy. 
Beef was tender and tasty. Bread was soft and fresh.
All the other fixings made for a delicious meal.I have been to St. Lawrence, its sibling restaurant on N. Peters, and have been wanting to give this place a go. I"m so glad I did! I didn't have any of the main courses, but I did enjoy the Deviled Eggs app (SO good) and the mac & cheese app, which I coupled with the side of buttered cabbage and OMG...that was the move! Server was friendly and attentive but not smothering, food was delish and the happy hour Pinot Grigio was totally decent! This location is much closer to me than St. Lawrence, so I will definitely be coming back again. Highly recommend!I found St Cecelia on the Eater new and hot list.  After realizing the connection to a favorite watering hole in town, St Lawerence, we decided to have lunch here.  I was blown out of the water. The food was phenomenal.  Try the crawfish spring rolls.. to die for and the BBQ shrimp and grits rivals my favorite BBQ shrimp at Mr B's.  This was a great find, tucked away in the French quarter right next door to the best margaritas in town (el gato negro).  Eat local and definitely eat at St Cecelia's!!!I found this restaurant to be nice in decor, the general feel, the host/hostesses/staff, the food & the drinks. 
I found the base pricing to be fair on most items, but had the potential to get pricey. For instance pasta (alone) is one $18 for this one dish, then add in $8 more for shrimp; ehhhhhh, $26 for shrimp pasta, I'll pass. 
I did find the drink, Singapor Sling, to be tasty & I had a warm fuzzy feeling after just the one, WINNING!!!! A member of my dining party tried the Pimm's Cup & said it too was delightful. 
And the ambiance is great, lots of open space, which can get noisy, but makes for a more lively dining experience. 
Service with a smile is what we got. 
She separated the checks for us, although she was a little reluctant. 
Reservations can be made & I would guess during a holiday or something of that nature, that might be recommended; but we were able to walk in, be seated & get to eating!!!!  
Love that a portion of the proceeds go to the Roots Music Foundation; Saint Cecilia is the patron saint of music, makes sense.The food was absolutely delicious and fresh. The staff was very friendly and quick. It was the only place we could find near the French quarter that didn't have an insanely long wait. Will definitely eat there again and would completely recommend!My absolute favorite restaurant! Come for the $9/dozen raw Oyster happy hour, stay for the craft drinks and seasonal menu. Coffee and homemade sweet potato gnocchi pictured!This was a great brunch stop. We had no problem seating our party of 9 and received prompt service. I would recommend this restaurant. I got the roast beef debris, it was a lot of flavor but really good. The chicken and waffles also looked very good.I came here after the horrible Dooky Chase experience, so I walked in already aggravated because I received horrible service, but my frown was turned upside down. Our sever was very sweet and she kept my family and I smiling the entire experience. I got the stuffed French Toast with fruit and it was very tasty. I wish it was advertised that the cream inside the French toast had a flavor to it. The stuffed cream wasn't bad, I just wasn't too big of a fan. The service was quick and we had everything we needed during the entire experience.This is an interesting little spot in the lower Quarter with a lot of potential, but I think I'll wait a few months before coming back so they can tweak the experience that they offer just a bit. I work in the Quarter so I'm constantly in search of new places to send tourists in search of a great meal. 
Our server was great. She was attentive, kind, and quick to offer suggestions despite the restaurant being completely full during our stay. 
I couldn't tell if their A/C was non-existent or just barely on, but it was uncomfortably warm in the restaurant. Eek. 
We came in search of a light brunch/lunch on a hot day. Their menu is definitely disappointing for those in search of some lighter fare  - though if I really wanted to, I could've gone next door to Italian Barrel or across the street to Alberto's (both places I frequent) for that. We chose to stay and share the market salad, the oyster app, and a side of cucumber salad. 
-I was told the market salad changes often according to the fresh ingredients they've got in the kitchen, and today it was lovely: blackberries, blueberries, radishes, and goat cheese with a berry vinaigrette of some kind. I'd get this again because it's one of the only light options on their brunch menu, but it didn't "wow" me. 
-The oyster florentine app was pretty disappointing. Both the oysters and the sauce had virtually no flavor whatsoever. The star of the dish was the spinach, which was clearly fresh and not frozen (yay!). The oysters were fried and the edges were perfectly crisp, but the entire dish was very bland. Each dish should be able to stand on its own as a representative flavor of a place, right? Y'all don't want to highlight this one just yet. It needs some tweaks. I ate 3 dozen chargrilled at a cheap joint in metairie last week, and I couldn't finish 6 on an appetizer plate today (on an empty stomach) because it was so bland. I could skip a stone to a dozen restaurants within a 2-minute walk that have better oyster dishes. My neighbors weren't digging their charbroiled oysters either. Maybe it's just not their thang. 
-The cucumber salad would've gone from "good" to great if it had been served cold rather than at room temperature. My favorite bites were the two slices of tomato, though I really loved how thin-sliced the cucumbers were. 
I was so happy to see the frozen Pimm's on their menu because it's my favorite thing at their sister Bar, St. Lawrence (down the street). It's pricy for a premixed frozen daq ($9), but hey it's in tourist central and it's absolutely delicious - get one! 
I'd like to come back here for dinner, because their dinner menu looks great. I look forward to seeing what they do with this place in the coming months. It's surrounded by a block of restaurants known for their unique flavors - what's unique about St. Cecelia?  Why choose this particular place in a sea of great eating spots that offer distinct flavors for less $?  I don't have an answer to that yet, but I'll keep an ear out. 
P.S. -- Get someone to take menus around to walkable businesses in the area.
P.P.S. Love that photograph of the clementine hunter piece in your restroom!Very disappointed and really pissed tf off ! They forgot the one item that made me even order from them in the first place ! No taste or seasoning on ANY of my food everything was dry and they gave me a burnt tasting biscuit to top off the plate ! My husband was so mad he threw all the food in the trash because, it was just horrible ! Paid 31$ and driving through French quarter traffic for this horrific meal was irritating AF ! on my way to McDonald's ...Came here for dinner last night and got the shrimp pasta. It was good! Was hoping to find shrimp and grits somewhere but didn't have any luck - this was a good substitute though. Nice little interior dining area. Could have been a bit more lively with some music; felt a little sleepy for New Orleans.No wait for a table and absolutely delicious brunch. I had the roast beef biscuits with eggs and cheese sauce and it was phenomenal. Delicious pot roast and super savory. 
My friend had the sausage po boy and loved it as well. The drink menu looked great. 
Ambiance was nice and relaxing. For the location, the crowd was calm and not super touristy. 
Highly recommend.Had the chicken and waffle. Waffle was delicious but chicken over cooked. Fresh squeezed oj in mimosa rounded it out nicely. Service was quick and price great. Great location near the markets.I ate at Saint Cecilia this morning for breakfast.  It's a limited menu, but the egg white omelet with goat cheese & salsa fresca was flat out incredible!!!  Every time I see the word "salsa" outside of Texas & California, I just roll my eyes, b/c I know it's going to be mediocre.  But, it was amazing.  Very charming little restaurant.  I highly recommend it.Best Oysters Benedict ever plus friendly service and comfy casual environment...we'll be back for sure!!!This place should have a line around the block every day! We loved it so much we  ended up coming back multiple times during our trip. Highlights: BEST and I truly mean it because we tried a lot, BEST Daiquiri in NOLA. BEST bartending experience in NOLA. The bartender gave us a demonstration about different preparations of martinis and how that effects the texture. It was personal and fun and fascinating. Every thing we tried on the menu was stellar and we came back for the deviled eggs three times! The bartender will make you anything you want and will do it better than most places in the city. We will make this a New Orleans staple for the rest of our trips.The hurricane season here are fantastic! Not cheap imitation with sugar in such. The lovely bartender Stacy delivered a balanced drink with the citrus and passion fruit notes that drink enthusiasts crave. The Banana Daiquiri per the bartender recommendation was rejuvenating and the Crawfish spring rolls an excellent take on sought after local seafood. I will be highly recommending this place going forward. This time visiting this lovely city and this is one of my new favorites.Breakfast was just as good as dinner. The stuffed pain Perdue with fresh fruit was delectable. The service is excellent and they are very attentive to details and flavor. The only place we hit twice on our trip and it was totally worth it!Came for a bachelorette party in NOLA and decided to do brunch one day.
Kind of a small space, but cozy setup, complete with a bar. Came with a group of 9 and ordered the bottomless mimosas, which, coming from CA were kind of weak and felt more OJ-heavy. Still refreshing, though. Service was rather slow but everyone was super friendly. They also ran out of potatoes at one point )-:
Fried chicken = mouth-watering. The chicken melted off the bone as I bit into it. I also ordered the shrimp and grits which was equally as mouth-watering. Overall a cute little place.Been stopping by this location during French Quarter Fest during last five years (has changed owners during this time period)  Staff has always always friendly and attentive over the years. and made great drinks especially Bloody Mary's!. Stopped there yesterday and the bartender had an attitude and the drinks were terrible(worst Bloody Mary's ever and way overpriced) Asked for garnish for Bloody Mary and the bartender said not today ,'they were  too  busy' . It was 11AM  in the morning and six people at the bar area and four tables seated . Very disappointedWonderful spicy and flavorful gumbo, cheesy grits & fried green tomatoes are deliciousPositives-grits were great, ice water was refreshing and the ambiance was fun for a Sunday afternoon. Food seemed to take FOREVER and there were not that many people in the place. I ordered the omelette. It was made with no more than one egg I swear. The 'seasonal vegetable' filling looked and tasted like they had some leftover moo shu vegetables from some Chinese food last night and threw them on the plate. So disappointing. I felt like I had water for lunch.An absolute must visit when you're in NOLA. The menu is not huge, but still enough that I just couldn't make a decision so I went with the fixe menu and had the crawfish spring rolls, fried chicken, and caramel custard. The food was amazing, the service was outstanding, and it's conveniently located right next to the French Market. Our party of 6 had to share with each other and couldn't find a bad plate.We split the crawfish eggrolls and the barbecue shrimp and grits. They're both very flavorful and very good. Place is very cute not to crowded at least for the little while we were there at lunch on Saturday. This would be a Five star review but I did find a shrimp leg in the grits.So as usual I used my Yelp friends reviews to find breakfast on my first day in New Orleans. I was directed to Saint Cecilia. I must first say the 4 & a half stars is a bit much. Don't get me wrong the food was excellent & my waitress was good. (A little on the slow side.) But honestly I can't give them a higher than a 3 for the fact I waited almost a hour for eggs, toast, bacon, sausages, & hash browns. I also order French Toast but that didn't come until the check did. Luckily the waitress knew dey were dead wrong & removed the French toast without an issue. Overall the food, parking, & price ($15 for the meal) wasn't very bad at all. It's just a hell of a wait you've gotta be prepared for eating here. Side note thanks for the free drink Yelp.In New Orleans during a recent rain storm and needed to order some food in to our room. After placing an order at another place who canceled, St.  Cecilia came through and the food was more than delicious. I ordered the mashed potatoes, mac n cheese and roast beef poboy. Everything was tasty, still hot, and arrived in a timely manner ahead of schedule. If you find yourself in town be sure to stop in here. This will be my first choice next time.I love this place! I come here everytime I'm in New Orleans. Their chicken and waffles is amazing!Excellent service and ambience for a spot that's only been open 7 weeks. Stopped in for dinner on a Tuesday, were immediately greeted, seated and served. I had the shrimp and fried green tomato po boy - delicious, fresh and perfect crunchy, flaky bread. Partner had roast beef po boy - also amazing, slow-stewed beef. Going to try to make it back for brunch before we leave New Orleans! Check this place out, you won't regret it!I ordered red beans and rice to be delivered!  They were delicious!  Served with cornbread and cabbage!!  Also with sausage, that I wasn't crazy about. Very fast delivery and enjoyed!!My husband and I wandered into this place by accident. We literally walked down a street out of curiosity, didn't find any food, and made a right turn, eventually ending up at Saint Cecilia. Stephanie, the bartender, greeted us. She was delightful and friendly and made great drinks. We sat at the bar and learned a little about the place while we ordered our food. I ordered the Roast Beef Debris Biscuit brunch and my husband had the Mac and Cheese brunch with bacon. Both of these dishes were amazing. Rich, decadent, and fattening as hell, and totally worth every bite. Although we were not hung over, I can see that this would be ideal hangover remedy food- isn't that what New Orleans is about?Great brunch.   Easy to miss, but so glad we found it!   Roast beef debris biscuit was awesome!   Chicken and waffles were amazing.  Really great find.Monday's can be tough if you are looking for brunch or even breakfast in New Orleans, but St Cecilia didn't disappoint. There was only 1 bartender and she was also serving the entire dining room, but she was in top of it. The gumbo was awesome even in this New Orleanian's opinion. I am not typically someone who orders an egg white omelet, but I am so glad it did. It was sooo delicious. Do yourself a favor and try St Cecilia, you won't regret it.We came here at 2pm on a Monday and it was such a wonderful calm atmosphere. Really nice music played at a low volume with a very clean environment. It was a great little break. We tried the crawfish egg rolls and they were AMAZING. Just a touch of spice with some really great flavors and nice big pieces of crawfish. We also got 2 dozen oysters. 1 set we got with the regular toppings of cheese and butter and the other set we had minus the cheese. Personally I liked it better without cheese because then you could taste the oysters better but my family liked it both ways. We'll definitely come back here!Such an amazing place! We wandered around the french market and were told by a local to try it for brunch! The French Quarter breakfast was delicious and filling. My friend and I tried the St. Cecilia cocktail, the Bourbon Renewal was to die for! Definitely coming back and attempting dinner :)  The wait staff was attempted and made great recommendations!Daiquiris 
Crawfish spring rolls 
Poutine po-boys 
Gumbo 
Excellent service and great eats!Several friends and I ate here during a trip for a friend's birthday. The food was amazing! I got the Hanger Steak Risotto and the steak literally melted in my mouth. Definitely in the top 5 best steaks I've ever had! The side for the dish was fries instead of mushroom risotto and asparagus as listed on their online menu. They had no flavor and weren't anything special, but the steak made up for it. I also ordered a side of Asparagus Mornay and it was great! Everyone else's meals were delicious and they couldn't stop talking about it! I will be going back here the next time I'm in NOLA!Great food made with love.  The wings are fantastic. Friendly and attentive service.  Chill atmosphere.BEST BREAKFAST! What an amazing way to start the day.  We didn't have a reservation and got lucky when the kind staff was able to immediately seat our party of 6. The Oysters Benedict with hash browns was amazing. The kids loved their Chicken and Waffles and French Toast. My husband loved his Bloody Mary so much that he ordered an extra one for the road. We're so excited to come back for dinner!Great food & service! Miranda our waitress was absolutely amazing & showed great hospitality! We all truly enjoyed our meals!Amazing food and the secret is still not out yet!  Not a huge selection for breakfast but what they do have is really great.  I had the roast beef debris and the French quarter breakfast!Fantastic. Found it by accident one late afternoon. They offer a happy hour from 4-7 and 9-11. Great oysters on the half shell for &9.00 during happy hour. Great food. We had oysters on the half shell and grilled oysters.  Wonderful!  You can sit outside (it's behind the Mint)   Been there 3 times in one week. Found it one week ago.   Also great dessert. Try it. You'll love it.Saint Cecilia is one of my favorite places to visit while in New Orleans. Their Pim's Cup Daiquiri is the best one in town. You don't want to miss the yummy drink!I had a pretty nice experience here with some friends. We were looking for a place in the French Quarter that would give us some good New Orleans food, and they had some good photos of their dishes on Yelp.
Overall the cocktails were good, and they had a decent beer selection. Everything was tasty except my red beans and rice. They were pretty bland, which was a huge disappointment. However, I tried my friend's burger and it was tasty, and the mac and cheese was outstanding. I also liked their gumbo. It was very flavorful (but just a little too salty), which was hugely redeeming.Nobody liked their meals. My aunt and cousin got the crawfish spring rolls and the rolls were fried  with sour cabbage. They sent them back, mind you it's really hard to ruin fried food. The cucumber salad was slathered in mayo, not fresh at all. The gnocchi tasted raw and the sauce was so strange like creamy Worcestershire sauce. The fried chicken was overcooked. The sweet potato fries were heavily slathered in maple. Overall, very disappointed and still hungry after spending way too much money. Almost $150 worth of a mistake.I enjoyed this place. We got the crawfish spring rolls as an appetizer and they were really good. I got the shrimp and fried green tomato poboy and it was phenomenal.This was the first breakfast/brunch spot we hit in New Orleans during our trip and it definitely did not disappoint! The breakfast food was AMAZING and delicious. I had the chicken and waffles that came served with fresh, mixed berries. My friends' dishes were just as great-- the stuffed french toast, biscuits, hashbrowns, and bacon were especially mouth watering. Would definitely go again the next time I'm in NOLA!Stopped here just for coffee while touring the French market. This place is a really. I've little cafe, very well decorated with a great ambience overlooking the French market. The cappuccino was great, and a decent size for the price too!Had an awesome Breakfast at this little spot. The Coffee was excellent and the omelet and mixed new orleans breakfast even better. Service was fast and friendly. Will go there again tomorrow :)great food! great cocktails! the mac and cheese, confit wings, eggs and debris were great. only thing we didn't care for was the deviled eggs. Would definitely go back next time in NOLAGreat happy hour.  Love the shucked oysters - a dozen for $9.  Happy hour drinks are also $6.  Randall is really nice and helpful!This is a fancy place with outdoor seating and good food. I was disappointed they ran out of the crawfish egg rolls, but the oysters and the cocktails are top notch.So glad that we found this gem! No question about it, you need to try out Saint Cecilia.. you won't be disappointed!Good spot for dinner, but not remarkable. The service was slow and took about an hour from order to service of food. My dish was cold, but delicious. The crawfish pasta was excellent, but the bronzed tuna was too salty. Drinks were great and the staff was helpful. I highly recommend the red beans and rice if you do decide to eat here.We love St Lawrence, their sister location down Decatur, so when we heard about St. Cecilia we just had to try it! The place is quaint and very cool near the French Market. Bartender Steven and Missy made us feel right at home with a awesome happy hours from 4-7pm and 10p-12am... $9 dozen for raw oysters can't be beat! Hope to be back soon!Cute little restaurant and bar a bit off the heavy touristy areas.  My boyfriend and I found them on yelp and headed over after a night walkling tour.  The place was mostly empty (on a Friday night no less) but we had a seat at the bar.  The good was good and freshly made,  the drinks were good too. It was a refreshing change after the noise and crowds of the rest of the day.  The crawfish egg rolls were particularly good and we upgraded his fries with gravy and fried cheese curds.I've been to New Orleans 3 times including this time and I've come here to Saint Cecilia EVERYtime. This restaurant is so unbelievably underrated and truly is home like! Out of every restaurant I've been to in New Orleans(which is a lot) this is by far my favorite! Gemma has been our server everytime we've come and she's always given us amazing service! I plan to make a lot of trips to New Orleans and I am so excited that Saint Cecilia will be my first and last stop!The staff was super attentive and catered to our every needs. The chef came out to even give us the best options to order food family style, because we were visiting from NY and wanted to try everything. I can't even tell you which item was best because I sincerely enjoyed everything we ate. One thing I can say was the char broiled oysters were out of this world. On top of this to die for food the waitress and chef made us feel at home. You have to try this place!!!I m not sure if its a new chief or new ownership but the quality of the food has really changed here since May 2018. This place made some of the better char grilled oysters in NOLA but no longer. I am not sure if my recent lunch was the worst meal I've every had in New Orleans, but its the worst that I can remember. I found the gumbo to be only fair to sub par and the oysters were inedible, really I was only able to eat 3 of the 12 served me. The server did not seem to know what was up and the place was notably less clean. I can not recommend this place for anything anymore aside from a cocktail or a beer.This little place in the best way to start your day of shopping at the French Market. Food was so good! Bottomless mimosa's and great bloody mary's. Best surprise were the grits! Take it from someone who does NOT like grits  -these are creamy, warm and so good - get them with whatever else you order! We returned the next day but there were no grits or crawfish - everything else = awesome.Ate here one day looking for good friend chicken. Not only was the fried chicken burnt - the skin disintegrated upon touching it - but I also got food poisoning and spent the next 12 hours in the bathroom throwing up. This all happened during g the city-wide mandatory water boiling mandate so maybe that's why. Many restaurants were closed....and obviously this one should have closed down too. I don't think I'll ever eat fried chicken again.The staff at St. Cecilia are amazing, as is the food. They got our group of 24 in with a phone call the day-of! Coffee was strong and smooth, bottomless mimosas were perfectly balanced, and the breakfast daiquiris were excellent. The Hemingway's downfall (rum, grapefruit and lime) was incredible. My guy ordered the stuffed pain perdue with berries and fresh whipped cream. All the decadence you want. I went classic--French Market breakfast. The grit ms were the best I've had all week in NOLA--super well seasoned and creamy. The hash browns were crispy, nicely salty and a tiny bit soft in the middle. The bacon--my husband said, "If not for you, I'd marry that bacon!" Perfectly crisp with no burnt bits. The fruit was a seasonal mix of citrus with a few blueberries for contrast--super yummy! I hope you enjoy it as much as we did!Saint Cecilia is tucked away from the action but they pack a solid punch on food and drinks.
I made a brunch reservation online for our group of 10. It's not a huge restaurant so we took up most of the space. The service started out slow but picked up once we finally all got our drink and food orders in.
Most of us got the bottomless mimosas and they were very generous with keeping our glasses full. We split a ton of appetizers like the deviled eggs, Charbroiled oysters, Egg rolls and fried pickles. The oysters were my fave. 
For entrees I split the Chicken and waffles which was the perfect amount for 2 people. Some others got the shrimp salad, shrimp Po-Boy and the French quarter breakfast. All incredibly delicious food that came out in a timely matter given our party size. 
If you are on this side of town I would recommend stopping in.Man this was a good find. Thank you Yelp for Hot and New. We stopped in for the oyster happy hour and ended up ordering half the left side of the menu. We really enjoyed all of it. Atmosphere is perfect. Crawfish Spring Rolls and Oysters Florentine are legit. I definitely recommend asking for chargrilled oysters during happy hour.Not sure if this is a really nice bar that serves food or a really small restaurant with a really nice bar. Anyway, a recent addition to the French Quarter and its right across from the French Market. Not a lot of tables so you need to check out out first. The Oysters were terrific and the chargrilled were very nice in that they were not overpowered with cheese or butter. The fish is well prepared and the drinks well served. Service was excellent but it can be noisy when where are a lot of people in there, its a small room. There is a happy hour here so that is my go to time.Called ahead for a group of 17 and was told we'd be good. We get there and they tel is we can be seated together..alright. We split up and all find seats. The manager tells us that we can't sit at certain tables because they're reserved for another group... Half of our group leaves and the other half stays. The food was unremarkable but their bloody Mary's were great. The manager took our orders and after our food was served 45 minutes later, we see him walk outside, meet someone on the street, grab a king cake, get into a car and drive off. Took another 30 minutes before anyone noticed that we weren't being helped. But hey, the Bloody Mary was great!I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars. Sonja, our server, was fantastic with her friendliness, recommendations both for food to eat and places to see in the city, and all around ability to stay on top of things.
Happy hour is from 4-7 with specials on oysters and drinks; myself and my SO had never had raw oysters so we decided to be adventurers and order them.  At Sonja's recommendation, we did a half dozen raw and a half dozen grilled.  WOW for the grilled, and the raw when paired with a small dollop of horseradish and cocktail sauce was awesome.  Definitely going to order these more often.
We decided to split a shrimp po boy and order of sweet potato fries to round out our meal - both were awesome and we definitely had more than enough food for the two of us.  We both opted for the Singapore Sling daiquiris (free shot added with your Yelp check-in, FYI) and are feeling good two in.  Sonja was kind enough to give us 10% discounts for next time, and if we ever come back to visit we will definitely be back coupon or not.  If you are looking for a good meal, great drinks, or both - this is the place to come!Wait staff was great! But the chicken and waffles were not. The chicken strips were over cooked and just really not good and the waffles were terrible. The place was nice though and the waitress was super cool and on point.The guy who waited us was so mean! He was tall, bald, tan. 
 He was very short with us, and when we asked for an extra two menus, he claimed to have run out?? 
Instead, a kinder waiter brought us one. Then my dad asked him over, and he just had the biggest temper. since I was with my dad and he said something really rude I was like "hell nah we can't eat here, I'm not gonna let my dad get treated like that". So we left and the waiter wasn't phased that his poor service was the reason we left this establishment. Don't come in if you see him, you'll be EXTREMELY disappointed.Over the weekend, I came here with my family. I made a reservation the night before and upon our arrival, the table was already set up for us. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive. I am always amazed when they don't have to write anything down and can memorize our order.
We ordered the Fried Pickles to share with the table. It was really good. I love panko over regular breading. It's a bit crispier and more flavorful to me. The fried pickles came with a garlic chili aioli sauce that complemented the fried pickles very well.
For the main dish, the majority of us got the Chicken & Waffles. The dish overall was delicious, however, I would prefer the bottom of my plate was not filled with syrup. I believe they set everything first, before they pour syrup around the waffles, but I normally do not like too much syrup to begin with. This made me feel like I was rushed to eat my waffles or else it would get soggy from soaking up the syrup. However, I was pleasantly surprised that the syrup was not overly sweet, so I did enjoy dipping my waffles/chicken in it. 
My husband got the Red Beans & Rice, and I think it is because we were spoiled from our dinner the night before that this dish was overall decent, but it was nothing to rave about.We ate here twice and the food was excellent!  We were able to eat here on thanksgiving and they were not booked.  We went with the price fix meal option and it did not disappoint.  Recommend the lamb shank, fried turkey, red beans and rice and the gumbo.  The bread pudding was a delight with the caramel sauce.  The next night, we had the char grilled oysters which had a wonderful cheese finish.  Off the beaten path but a wonderful atmosphere and staff.Charbroiled oysters!!! Best I had in town. Crawfish spring rolls were amazing as well, bartender (dont remember her name) was super cool. We had an allergy and she was great about helping us out with that. This place is a must when I go back.Came here for brunch with a small group of friends while visiting New Orleans. The place was basically empty, which we didn't mind because we got good service. The food was yummy. I didn't have a ton of options as a vegetarian but luckily I love waffles and eggs so that worked for me. Everyone else loved their food. The mimosas and sangria were really good. Overall a good experience!Could this have been any worse? No. I don't think so. 
It took over two hours to get our food. Not exxagerating. Arrived at 7 and the food didn't come out until 9. The waitress kept making crappy excuses and refusing to say what was going on or why the food was taking so long. 
When the food finally did come out, it was wholly unremarkable and utterly disappointing. The crawfish pasta and barbecue shrimp and grits were both so overly spiced, that it gave all of New Orleans a bad name. Don't get me wrong -- we LOVE cajun food. But there was an ammonia flavor that made the crawfish pasta inedible, and the barbecue shrimp was otherwise tasteless. 
To add insult to injury, the bar had the movie "Bridesmaids" playing, and literally the MOMENT the food was laid in front of us ravenous souls (remember -- TWO HOURS), the bridal fitting scene came on. If you don't know why this scene would be PROFOUNDLY inappropriate for a restaurant to be showing, Google it immediately. 
So yeah... 1 star.We ordered delivery service.  The taste of the food was not compromised one bit. The steak was like meat butter with tasty grilled asparagus and mushroom rice risotto.  The gumbo was more like soup style.  Crawfish spring rolls were hot and crispy with an Asian hoisan dipping sauce were perfect together for starter.  Fish almondine with it's buttery lemon sauce flaked apart and was deliciously light. Only thing left to desire is a sweet note to complete the meal.The food is amazing!!! Came here with a group of 10 for brunch and I'm so glad they could accommodate us at the last minute on an Easter Sunday. It's a great location off Frenchman St with a view of the French Market. Service was great and the food was even better. Highly recommend if you're in the mood for delicious food at a reasonable price.Alll the way down the French Market. Not out of the way, but far down enough away from the crowds. 
Came because we heard they had an awesome oyster happy hour (4-7PM and a later time as well), but they ran out of oysters! Which means no raw oysters and no chargrilled and no fried oysters. 
So there was really no "happy" hour for us. We decided to stay and get a few items anyway. 
Confit chicken - flavor was good, but the chicken was mushy. Like it was old? It fell off the bone but the texture was off putting. 
Crawfish egg rolls - more slaw than crawfish in these egg rolls. And they were not crunchy. Soggy at the bottom. The sauce that accompanied it was pretty good. 
Fried chicken with mashed potatoes and cabbage - the cabbage was sour, no one at the table tried it more than once. The mashed potatoes really needed the debris gravy that was on it - had no flavor otherwise. The fried chicken was good! The batter tasted like batter - not really salty just crunchy. But the chicken itself had sooo much flavor. We killed it. And it came out piping hot!
Sweet potato fries - came with walnuts (or pecans), Gorgonzola cheese, and honey drizzled on top. This was good. The fries were crispy and crunchy and the toppings were perfect for it. Yum. 
There were no other patrons in the restaurant, so I figured everything would be made fresh. But it didn't taste like it. Lol. The fried chicken was probably the only thing that was fresh. Lol.Under no circumstance should you ever eat here. Awful service. Awful food. Credit card machine down. No toilet paper in the bathroom. It made me sad.St. Cecilia is the patron Saint of Music and is the namesake of this solid joint. After perusing the French Market and working up an appetite I decided to stop by St. Cecilia conveniently located across.
I knew I couldn't leave New Orleans without a Bloody Mary and a Po Boy and I'm happy to stumble upon this place.
Bloody Mary (5/5): I rarely meet one I don't like but this one was especially savory which I appreciated. Recommend.
Pimm's Cup Daiqiri (6/5): Free shot with Yelp Check-In. Yes, please! This was my favorite. Absolutely tasty and complemented the meal well. Sweet start.
Spicy Oyster Po Boy (4/5): The sandwich comes with chips (or sub with a side for a extra $2). This was quickly devoured. Not the best in the city but definitely hit the spot.
This was a happy surprise and the staff were very prompt and nice! Stop by, you won't regret it.Just might be the worst experience in NOLA. Service was slow and inefficient. Server was rude and was swearing about something constantly in the background making the dining experience extremely dissatisfying. Not to mention the food was far from mediocre. Best thing here was the ice cold water. Highly would not recommend wasting time here.I always order food for delivery to my job but hadn't really broadened my horizon outside of the handful of restaurants who had personally delivered menus to our store. Recently I realized that the Yelp app showed a wider range of restaurants that delivered and not for an extra fee like UberEats. So..... I decided to try a place that I had never heard of or ate at. WOW! WOW! WOW! I'm beyond pleased. My order arrived about 20 minutes prior to the estimated delivery time and the food........ AMAZING! I ordered the confit wings, crawfish spring rolls, honeynut sweet potato fries, and the shrimp and fried green tomato remoulade poboy with a side cucumber salad. Me and my coworker have now devoured everything without stopping to breath. I can't wait to explore the rest of Saint Cecilia's menu!OMG! Best breakfast/brunch I have ever eaten! We were driving somewhere for breakfast on Sunday morning and couldn't get through the French Quarter because of a half marathon being run through the neighborhood so looked to Yelp to find an alternative. Saint Cecilia had great reviews and we were only a few blocks away when we decided to just park and walk somewhere. We were blown away by the food! I had their take on eggs benedict which is actually a large fluffy biscuit with poached eggs, fried oysters and a creamy spinach rockefeller sauce on top. Delicious! My cousin had their standard breakfast with cheese grits and her daughter had the open faced roast beef and gravy served over a big biscuit! When you are in New Orleans, don't miss it!!Easy to find and great service! Menu is diverse, cute quiet nice place! Reservations are preferred.Omg..the BEST chicken and waffles I've ever tasted! Place was small and intimate! Can't wait to go back next time I'm in New Orleans!Amazing burger and fries. Great atmosphere. Close to all the things we love in the Quarter! Waitress wasn't that friendly, but still worth a visit! Now, we will head on out to Reflexology for massages! #boom #Happy 4th!This place was just ok. It was extremely expensive for mediocre food. My boyfriend loved his sausage sunrise poboy. My stuffed French toast was 16 bucks and not that great. We were the only two in the place on a Monday morning and it still took an incredibly long time to get our order. Overall, it was just meh.Went here on a whim during our Mardi Gras trip.  The sweet potato fries were magical.   The grits.  Omg.  So good!Such a cute little brunch place across the French Market. Dainty little decorations, bit more classy than the rest of the FQ..but yet decent prices.
Food we ordered:
Mimosa- 3/5. Usually I like my 'mosas more champs than juice but this had hardly any OJ. Disappointing cause I was looking for a nice refreshing pickmeup after last night's activities. 
Chicken and Waffles- 3/5. Chicken was fine but the waffles were definitely over-cooked, a little on the burnt side. Drenched in syrup, wish they put it on the side at least. 
Stuffed French Toast- 5/5. Delicious, they didn't hold back on the cream cheese filling. But the seasoned fruit it came with... NOT FRESH FRUIT, tasted like it was straight out of a can and I couldn't eat more than 2 berries even. 
Honeysuckle sweet potato fries- 5/5. The star of the meal. BEST sweet potato fries EVER. Fries smothered in gorgonzola, pecans, and honey...went pretty quickly at our table. 
Crawfish spring rolls- 4/5. Decent but barely tasted any crawfish, more veggies.
If you ask me, this place has better appetizers than their main entrees and I could see myself coming back in for a mid-day snack. 
We were a party of 7, had no reservations and they seated us without a problem and no wait!We came at lunch time. Service was good. Food was better! We had the shrimp po-boy, sweet potato fries & sea food spring rolls off the app menu. Also had one of their speciality frozen drinks which was amazing! Look no further for a good meal & great atmosphere in this area!It's nice and a good place for people watching if you sit outside but gross kitchen and overrated food! Granted I got Mac and cheese for breakfast and French fries and a gallon of OJ And champagne and some good company but not somewhere I would eat again. My boyfriends stuffed waffles were delicious however and it's right on the quarter!We had a large group that went in for dinner during French Quarter Fest, so the service was a little slow, but we weren't in a hurry so nobody cared.  Everyone liked their food.  I had the Fried Chicken, which was really good.  But the Confit Wings were truly outstanding.
If you're down near the French Market, stop in at Saint Cecilia - it's good.Great food and excellent service!  We were headed next door, but decided to try this on a whim and glad we did.  The gnocchi with shrimp and sausage sunrise were both excellent, and be sure to try the honeynut sweet potato fries.  We will definitely be back!Ate here one day looking for good fried chicken. Not only was the fried chicken burnt - the skin disintegrated upon touching it - but I also got food poisoning and spent the next 12 hours in the bathroom throwing up. This all happened during g the city-wide mandatory water boiling mandate so maybe that's why. Many restaurants were closed....and obviously this one should have closed down too. I don't think I'll ever eat fried chicken aMy boyfriend and I came for a quick weekend trip and wanted to find somewhere that had a good brunch. We ended up here and it was amazing! We both ordered bottomless mimosas which were made perfectly. Definitely not just juice in there! They were very accommodating to my nut allergy which was nice. I would definitely recommend this place and next time we visit we will be coming here!Amazing service and great atmosphere!  We had the grilled oysters and red beans and rice.  The food came out quick and was delicious!  We come to New Orleans 2-3 times a year and Saint Cecilia will be a must stop from now on.The food was wonderful! I loved every bite. I only have one complaint it was hot inside and their ice was low so they was rationing it out! But it was also 100 degrees outside!Intimate dining. Quite small space. Limited menu. Crawfish pasta was good and a reasonable amount of seafood. Penne style and Served with three slices of white baguette bread on the side. The Gulf fish was quite good, but have had better fish in this city. It was redfish which just isn't our favourite. But you do get two large pieces and potatoes and green beans with it. Comes out proper warm, yes, finally people who realize that food quality deteriorates if you don't serve at proper temperatures. 
Pimm's Cup was quite good, but not too memorable, not something I would crave again. A bit refreshing drink which is nice. The elderflower and vodka drink was really good. Have a hard time finding drinks with elderflower. Service was accommodating. They need to fix that front door which doesn't shut properly every time someone exits letting in  Mississipi river chills.Hands down one of the best meals we have had in New Orleans (and there is a ton of competition!). The crawfish spring rolls were unique and delicious. Also highly recommend the roast beef debris biscuit, it was incredible. Drinks are great, too!Love, love, love this menu. Had the Oysters Eggs Benedict and a Raspberry 75. But I had such a hard time choosing because everything seemed so delicious. Highly recommend the restaurant as a whole. 
Service- 4/5
Food- 5/5
Atmosphere- 5/5
Overall rating- 4.7/5OMG! The food is awesome, and be prepared: the portions are incredibly huge! The service was a bit slow (despite the fact that the place was half empty), but I guess it's because the food was freshly made. The waitress was very friendly; I'd definitely recommend this place!I'm just going to write a quick review as we only stopped by momentarily here to get some adult beverages to-go before we headed out onto the streetcar to explore the city. I got a Pimm's cup and one of their frozen daquiris - I believe it was the Friesling and since I checked into Yelp, they gave me an extra shot in my Friesling for free. Great service and great drinks - where else do they encourage you to get your drinks to-go and load them up with extra booze?? :)Fabulous little cafe tucked into the edge of the French Market outside the Jazz Museum. My red beans and rice was fantastic and my husband's PO-Boy was equally wonderful! Music a little loud but, hey, it's NOLA!Had the Chicken and Waffles and it was amazing! Definitely recommend it and will be coming back for other items on the menu.We had the best breakfast here in NOLA! This is located across the street from the market and serves up delicious new orleans cuisine (and drinks).  I recommend;
-chicken and waffles
-gumbo
-oysters benedict
-french quarter breakfast 
Service: fast and friendly
Price: $$We came here in December after reading the review's . It is a great place! The horseradish for the raw oysters was amazing! We visited again n March for Spring break with the kiddo's & wanted to take them there but they are closed on Tuesday's. Bummer! They have a great happy hour, fresh oysters, yummy appetizers! The staff was great! Hope to be back in town again & visit!The Shrimp & Grits was a flavorful dish. I especially loved the smoothness of the grits. The shrimp were well seasoned and again, full of flavor. I'd highly recommend this dish.Quaint, quiet, romantic spot.  Excellent food with good atmosphere.  Nice place for an intimate dinner.This was one of our best meals in Nola. We came for Sunday dinner in late September and were the only diners in the establishment. We both got the fish (one special, one almondine) and both dishes were to die for. Service was really great as well.So. Dang. Tasty. Came in on a whim and it was SO delicious (I got the shrimp and grits). Fabulous selection of food and drinks. Worth every penny.Very solid spot.  Menu is solid and very well executed.  Great service.  Great value.Looking for a tasty breakfast in the French Quarter we stopped at St. Cecilia and we're so happy that we did. The food was amazing and the slushie Pimm's Cup cocktail was delicious. The stuffed French Toast was excellent. 
Craving another yummy cocktail we returned later in the week for delicious appetizers and we had a really wonderful time hanging at the bar with some of the customers and Christina and the bartender. It was a fun and fabulous afternoon. 
The granita slushie cocktails were the best in the French Quarter, and  very tasty food!My wife and I checked out this restaurant based on yelp's rating. We were looking to try chicken and waffles once we landed in New Orleans. Saint Cecelia did not disappoint. Chicken tenders were crispy, delicious, and if your into sharing your entree's with your significant other don't try it here, it's to scrumptious. Let them get their own :). The portions are big enough to share if you really want to. Paired with the light waffles, cream, and select fruit toppings, again, you can share but why.  My wife ordered the stuffed french toast which is on par with the waffles. I liked my combination better. Service was fantastic. If I had to find one small, small point of constructive criticism, it would be to use a better tasting orange juice for the mimosas.Super cute place! Very friendly staff! The food, however... meh. We had the red beans and rice, which included cabbage and corn bread. Everything about it tasted canned or from a box. The red beans and rice tasted boxed versus slow cooked. The cabbage was weirdly cut so that if felt and tasted like it was boxed frozen. The corn bread was unremarkable. We also had the shrimp and grits. The shrimp didn't taste fresh, as well. It was not succulent, but rather rubbery instead. I had a Bloody Mary, which was unremarkable, as well. I love their sign, but their food won't have me coming back, unfortunately.Two days in a row for breakfast! It is cooked to order and delicious with every bit. Stuffed French Toast , grits, bacon, mimosas. Another couple had oysters, they had to get them for the second day, too! You won't be disappointed!DO NOT EAT HERE!! I have lived in New Orleans for 25 years and tried this place out being its pretty new for us here, my boyfriend had the roast beef po
Boy and ended up with food poisoning for 48 hours. Which didn't surprise it as we looked back at how our meal went, our server was dressed like it was Saturday morning and he was home watching cartoons, he would come out in between doing things and smoke cigarettes, of which I'm pretty sure he didn't have time to wash his hands between running back in to get something. The bartender chick is pregnant and also coming out to some cigarettes every 20 mins. Smoking is actually illegal inside restaurants and bars in New Orleans and outside the door to an establishment so having them come sit at the outside dining table next to us while we were eating was nasty and rude! I drink top shelf tequila and know the taste difference, I drink Don Julio and know the taste anywhere. I ordered a shot and it tasted like rubbing alcohol, it was NOT  Don Julio, for sure! I said something to the guy to double check he had my order right and then the service got rude and went downhill from there. We asked for our check and when we paid we waited for change for 15 mins, with only 4 other tables of people at the place. I ask him for the 2nd time for my change back and he says it's close enough with the tip included and did he really have to get off his ass from smoking a cigarette and go get change for that. My bill was $32.14, I gave him $40. I surely wasn't leaving a 22% tip for this kind of shit show, and don't need my server telling me what they want me to tip them. I don't know where these clowns are from, or where the owners are from but you do not need this experience on your time spent in New Orleans. GO EAT REAL NAWLINS  FOOD ELSEWHERE!!Called ahead for a group of 17 and was told we'd be good. We get there and they tell us we can't be seated together..alright. We split up and all find seats. The manager tells us we can't sit at certain tables because they're reserved for another group... Half of our group leaves. The food was unremarkable but their bloody Mary's were great. The manager took our orders and after our food was served 45 minutes later, we see him walk outside, meet someone on the street, grab a king cake, get into a car and drive off. Took another 30 minutes before anyone noticed that we weren't being helped. But hey, the Bloody Mary was great.Yikes... I've been over a month since I've been here, but sometimes life happens and you get too busy to write reviews. However, since I'll be traveling to the UK, I really don't want to be bogged down by a ton of reviews I haven't written. Anyways... I remember this meal, almost more clearly than any other in New Orleans because it was fan-frigging-tastic.
This was the first place I ate during my birthday trip. Imagine, if you will, I'd just walked a few miles to check in at my airbnb after an 8 hour bus ride, dropped all my luggage off, and I was starving and alone in a city. This place had great Yelp reviews, and sounded delish, plus it was only about a 15 minutes from my airbnb, and seemed suitably portable with their sandwiches. Sold.
When I walked in, the door was open, and there wasn't a soul in sight. No patrons, nor waiters. Someone came in from the back and seated me after a few minutes. I think I went post breakfast and pre-lunch crowd. I decided on the Poutine Loaf Poboy Sandwich, which consisted of fries, roast beef gravy, and fried cheese curds, on a crispy, fresh, French loaf bun. There was a side salad of cucumbers with dill dressing. 
A few of my friends met up with me at the restaurant, and I could tell that this made the servers unhappy for some reason. When they came in, I decided to get the rest of my food to go, but when I turned around, the waitstaff were staring at us while talking to each other, looking sort of pissed about it. For about 20 minutes. I could tell they were upset that 4 more people came in, because they were slow to come back to my table after that, but quick to deliver the check once I told them that was what I wanted. They were meeting me there and not eating, but I don't think the waistaff was ready for their appearance. 
PROS:
-No wait time when I came in.
-Great location, near the French Market.
-Generously portioned sandwich for what I paid. 
-Service was good and attentive, until my friends came in lol.
CONS:
-No true cons. The sandwich I got was amazing.
THE VERDICT:
Guys THIS WAS SO FUCKING GOOD. Like forreal forreal. The cheese curds were phenomenal cheesy goodness, and the gravy and meat soaked into the rustic loaf, softening it. The sandwich was generously sized, and I managed to scarf down only about half of it before becoming full. They really stuffed that thing, to the point where I had to cram it closed and I could still barely eat it. I ended up having leftovers for a small meal and snack later. And by then, though the gravy had really soaked into and even mushed the bread a bit, it was still delicious.Services was slow and inattentive, coffee was lukewarm, and the food was just so-so.  To be fair, I was a single diner and it was a busy day so they might have just been paying more attention to the bigger tables.  But I didn't love this place.Tasty food, great playlist, comfortable casual environment made for a perfect late lunch!This restaurant was a wonderful surprise! It's right across from the French Market and is pretty much a hole in the wall kind of place. The daily happy hours run 4-7 & 9-10 with fresh oysters 9$/dozen! House wines were good and the gumbo was fantastic with lots of sausage & shrimp. The crawfish fresh rolls were a tasty surprise with a nice, light plum sauce on the side. We're definitely going back!This was incredible. Saw it on yelp and thought we should try it out. The atmosphere was great, the playlist was impeccable, and the staff was very friendly. But the food was what truly stood out. It was definitely the best food I had all weekend. The Honey Nut Sweet Potato Fries is a must try. All of the food was perfectly cooked and seasoned. Great experience and will have to come back next time I'm in town.This is, in Charles Dickens vernacular, a tale of two cities. 
On our first night in New Orleans our family of nine (three generations ranging from 4 years young to 65 years old) arrived at this restaurant. As we approached the door we found that it was totally empty, devoid of any patrons on a Friday night. That would have been enough to scare off even the hardiest of souls. But being realists we knew that very few establishments would be able to accommodate a large group as ours on a Friday evening without prior reservations. 
So we ventured forth with some trepidation. 
We were greeted by a young lady who we during the course of the evening grew to appreciate as she was only two days into her role and was the only server in the entire restaurant. 
We ordered a wide array of appetizers and entrees and were very pleased with the quality of the food. 
The charbroiled oysters, the fried pickles, the confit chicken wings, the deviled eggs were all very good. The spicy oyster po boy was cooked to perfection as was the sausage po boy not to mention all the other entrees. 
This was the best part of the evening. 
The not so good part was the service and delivery. It soon became apparent that as the place filled up the absence of adequate wait staff was a disaster in spite of the very valiant efforts of the single server. To make matters worse was that the kitchen also was understaffed. A great case study on how to kill a goose that lays golden eggs. 
So that's the story and I am sticking by it.I came from out of town with 5 of my girlfriends (so 6 of us total). We looked this place up ahead of time and added it to our scheduale because we had been hearing great things. We came in, say down,  and were greeted quickly. The waitress took our drink orders quickly (3 mimonsas, waters, and one beer). We then put our food orders in and waited. While waiting for our drinks I saw a quite large rat run across the the back of the resteraunt behind the bar.. twice! As freaked as I was I was willing to let it go since the doors to the place were open and after all it is New Orleans. i went to th bathroom to try wash my hands before our meal came and saw 3 dead cockroaches just laying on the ground in the bathroom and another two just outside the door. Safe to say i did not wash my hands there. After seeing that my friends and I decided we did not feel safe eating there. I went to the waitress and told her what I saw and let her know to cancel our food order. I got no apologies or remorse (I was very upset from what I'd seen) she just said "ill as the chef". after a few minutes she came to our table and saud "ok it cancelled that will be $40" For our drinks which was fine but she provided us with no receipt. SO we paid $40 cash and made our way out. She grabbed the $40 and then said to me "What? No Tip?? No nothing??" I was so taken aback. She showed aboslutely ZERO professionalism or general curtoisy for a serious complaint. She is lucky i didn't let everyone else in the resteraunt know what I had seen. Provided me with no list of charges but asks for a tip? it just made a bad siutation worse. I will be reporting them to the health department and i hope the get their act together.My husband had the Patton's sausage and egg po'boy, and he loved it. He is very picky so that is high praise. He even said that he wanted to have it again before we left (here for the week for a conference). I had the poutine po'boy, which I enjoyed. The fries were still crispy, the gravy nice and peppery, and the bread fresh. Definitely good comfort food.First time in New Orleans this weekend and my friend brought me here because she had been before for breakfast. 
The reason why I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because the place is really pretty. 
As for the food... 
We ordered the crawfish pasta dish. It tasted like the crawfish was fully raw and had no seasoning whatsoever. 
My friend and I were sharing the plate, together finished maybe about a quarter of it before wondering if it was even safe to eat. 
Anyway apparently we weren't the only ones who felt "some-type-of-way" about the food because the table next to us left their plates pretty full too. 
HOWEVER ... The bar area is nice and the place is situated across from the French market so it's a very pretty and convenient location. So it's probably a great place to come hang out and get drinks.Our group came in hungover hoping for an incredible breakfast. And then suddenly we got hit hard by a lack of AC. Looked at the menu for 30 minutes begging for eye contact from our waiter but he dodged us like the plague. Finally we met our tall bald waiter guy and he sassed us so hard for not being as tall as him. One day later we finally got our food and it was mad average. But Saint Cecilia helped us realize we've had enough southern food this weekend. We should head to happy times at carousel bar. Waiter there looks like she's from the 80s and is super awesome. Tall bald man was super nice when we left though so that's weird but yeah still gotta drop some 1 star on this deceiving 4.5 star trap!What a horrible restaurant. 
Pure garbage. I hope the owners go bankrupt and their employees end up unemployed.
Sure I'm over reacting, I know, but I am furious. I ordered a meal for my family on Grubhub about two hours before they St. Cecelia's closed. TWO HOURS!
After an hour while my order status was "being prepared" they f*cking cancelled the order. But could not be bothered to call and let me know.
F*ck you.
If you are incapable of handling Grubhub orders then just don't partner with Grubhub. Simple. Ya morons.
I hate companies like this: unwilling to take care of their customers because it's inconvenient.
That's why I hope you and your lazy employees end up broke.
I'm not usually this ugly in my reviews but seriously if you can't handle doing the one thing you signed on to do then just quit.
Last night I ordered something through Grubhub and they messed up my order notice I didn't post a negative review. At least they tried.
If you absolutely must cancel an order for whatever reason have the courage and decency to contact your customer personally don't be a wimpy piece of sh*t. 
And I know you could've contacted me because I ordered dessert from another restaurant tonight and they did to tell me they had to substitute something.We had been on the road 7 days at this point.  This is the place that I remember most out of all our breakfast stops.  It was so perfect.  I thought I was going to die the morning we discovered Saint Cecilia.  We had been in New Orleans 2 days and had the party wounds to show....... I felt alive after I finished my eggs over easy, perfectly cooked hash browns. The sausage was amazing and my toast was the best I'd ever had.  I will return!!As far as New Orleans fare goes, St Cecilia is top. Came here on a Thursday morning and was greeted with the best Bloody Mary--I'm convinced after have tried several here--in the city. Loved our waitress. She was super friendly and a superb bartender.
I ordered the shrimp and grits and it came with a lovely cream sauce. Reflecting on the meal, I am left wondering whether I should have ordered a biscuit instead of the bread it comes with to add another level to the dish. My boyfriend got the regular breakfast with eggs and hash browns and it was great. His drink was also well-crafted; however, I would recommend the Bloody Mary over any of the other drinks.
St Cecilia is in my top 2 places to eat, with Cochon being the other restaurant to co-occupy the top spot.Shrimp n grits are delicious.  So tender and fresh. The grits were not gritty...so authentic.  Must try. The friesling is great too. Thanks to my YELP check in, I received a complimentary shot in my drink!Disclaimer, this is for their prix fixe Thanksgiving dinner: 
Had to work Thanksgiving morning this year so I wasn't able to cook for the fam (just take my soul, residency), so I thought I'd just make some rezzies instead. However, Thanksgiving surprised me this year (which is, I guess, understandable when 99% of your recent waking moments are spent in the windowless NICU #doctorproblems), and I didn't realize that that Thursday was THE Thursday until about Tuesday which is not quite soon enough to secure a table at ideal spots like Brennan's and the like. But boy, did that turn out to be a blessing in disguise. A deep dive of culinary Nawlins' interwebs presence brought me to Saint Cecilia and it's three-course thanksgiving dinner option, which turned out to be marvelous. 
The space is an unassuming hidden gem just outside the French Market on the edge of the Quarter with tastefully exposed brick, outdoor seating options (too cold that day!), a well-stocked bar and delicious-sounding frozen daiquiri options (like a frozen Pimm's cup - definitely elevated from your run-of-the-mill drive-thru fare), and an extensive menu. Our hostess and waitress both were inviting, attentive, and knowledgeable about the menu. I opted to start with a latte, as it was cold and I had been awake for too long (remember, #doctorproblems), and it turned out to be the first latte my waitress had ever made - it was delicious! I love that the beans were locally roasted by my favorite Nola coffee shop (shout out to Mojo!). My tables' appetizers included deviled eggs (a delicious evolution of a classic: the lemon aioli is a game changer, also capers are my favorite thing) and the crawfish spring rolls (I usually steer away from these as they are always 90% cabbage, 2% carrot, and 8% something that may or may not be crawfish; but good ol' Cecilia CHANGED MY MIND - these were crawdaddy-forward and were sumptuous, so flavorful that the dipping sauce was superfluous). As for the entrees, I got the obligatory thanksgiving turkey dinner, which consisted of the juiciest, most flavorful turkey breast I've ever had, paired with crispy sweet green beans and a tasso cornbread dressing that tasted like the warmth of a lit fireplace in the fall - I happily ate my leftover dressing at 2am, cold, straight out the to-go box, standing in front of the fridge. Others at the table got the red fish almondine, a classic that was succulent and flaky and light while still boasting robust flavors, thanks in part to the brown butter all other brown butters aspire to. So delicious. Dessert consisted of strawberry shortcake - more so a slightly sweetened, toasted biscuit with vibrant, plump strawberries and buoyant, freshly-whipped cream between it drizzled in granulated brown sugar that provided honestly the ideal combination of textures in a single bite. We also got the bread pudding, which was devoured before I could snag a bite, so that's obviously a good sign. 
I will definitely be back to try their regular a la carte menu! Loved my experience here :) Thanks, Cecilia!This was supposed to be a quick stop for drinks, we ended up grabbing a bite to eat, so I feel worthy enough to write a review.
Customer service here is excellent. The bartender was polite, professional, and personable. We were greeted immediately upon entering. The bartender also had plenty of information and education to offer on the drinks we inquired on. We are from California and googled the top drinks in NOLA. He offered plenty of the history behind NOLAs inconic drinks. 
The drinks tasted pretty good and came with a nice presentation. The food on the other hand...not so much. Lol. Quite bland. Surprising for NOLA dishes. The deviled eggs were pretty good, but the gumbo was pretty boring and bland. Boring enough, although hungry, we opted to eat somewhere else.
But, as far as that....pricing seemed reasonable. The servers and the bartenders were all nice and pleasant to talk to. The ambiance was nice and relaxing. The establishment was clean and easy to get around.
So I would say, looking to have a few drinks while the rain passes, or just in general....this is a nice spot. Especially if there is some kind of festival going on. However, if you are hungry and looking for some good food, I would keep looking.