Thoroughly enjoyed the fried chicken. The greens were excellent. Great service. We ordered too much good and fortunately they had run out if a couple things during the day service because we had more than enough food with just the entrees.This restaurant is quite the little gem just at the beginning of the French quarter!  Huge craft beer selection and very friendly staff. Fried chicken is seasoned perfectly and cooked to perfection, mac and cheese is the best I've had in a long time too. You have to try the artichoke dip, it brings you back to thanksgiving day and the artichoke casserole that your grandmother makes, the buffalo oysters are to die for! Overall this is a place that you have to try when you are visiting nola.Absolutely delicious fried chicken! The crust was so flavorful, as well as the chicken moist & tender. And the collard greens were the best I've ever had; smokey & bacon-y. I'm not a fan of gravy but I have to admit their chicken gravy tasted like it was made in the chicken frying pan. It was not your usual greasy cooked flour. Well worth the walk over from the Orleans Street in the French Quarter. Great service too!Went for dinner last night. Hanger steak did not disappoint. Amazing dish! The bar tender even customized the Saint Lawrence for my taste buds...a spicy pepper vodka added in was the perfect mix of Saint and Sinner. A little spicy with a little sweet. Great place!Excellent food, great staff, and late hours. Jalissa took amazing care of us--she's the best!! Don't miss it, this place rocks!This place is always a stop when guests are in town. One of the best daiquiri's in town the pins cup daiquiri is off the chain.I rarely give low reviews but when the food calls for it then it has to get it. The positives: location, wait staff, Mac and cheese. We ordered the signature fried chicken dish, Mac and cheese, chicken fried steak and asparagus side special. Two of the three pieces of the fried chicken were a bit undercooked ( no blood but there was light pink) the breading on it overweighted the meat. I had asked for all white meat as the server offered it but it never happened. Mashed potatoes were soggy and not real potatoes even though the server said it was freshly made. Chicken fried steak was soggy chuck meat that was falling apart. All in all don't go here!Great lunch po'boys! Had the shrimp poboy and my husband had the cheese steak that were excellent. Would definitely recommendEdge of quarter bar that has no reason to be as good as it is.  They offer table service which can be nice if you are crowd weary.  But main reason I am posting this review - get their chicken wings.  They are like crack.  Their daquiris don't disappoint on a hot day - fresh stuff - definitely not the usual puddle of everclear and red food coloring.St Lawrence is truly St AWESOME!!!
Came here for a late supper on a busy Saturday night and was not disappointed. Their hours are super convenient, 11 am to 2 am, everyday,  so scoring a later reservation on a busy weekend was not a problem. Walked in and they had our table waiting for us, even though they were super packed!
Our server was awesomely friendly and suggested some cocktails to start. I was blessed because I love Chai and they actually had a a special Chai latte daiquiri that night! OMG, it was so darn good I ordered their largest size and took the rest to go! YUM! 
As for their menu, well, it's concise, enticing, and designed with locally sourced Southern cuisine in mind.  
I opened for their $29 prix fixed menu. 
First course- Buffalo Oysters, Oh HELL YES! So darn delicious and innovative. I could seriously eat 4 plates of these! I mean, everyone raves about the "Chargrilled Oysters" in New Orleans but I'd have to say these are equally on par! 
Second course- St Lawrence Fried Chicken...THE BEST!!! Yowzers! It was savory, herb rubbed, and intriguing. Yes,it had a tiny kick of spiciness, but more so, it was PACKED with Southern FLAVOR! It's truly hallmark to this awesome eatery! Nom, Nom, Nom!!!
DEFINITELY on my New Orleans fried chicken list!!!
Third course- Bread Pudding...Boom, inhaled, and GONE, it was so perfectly YUMMY!
What more can I say but St Lawrence is ON my list of favorite eateries in New Orleans!
What's also cool is that they don't rush you here. Even though there was a line out the door of people waiting to be seated, our server said, "Please enjoy our food and drink and take your time..." Next to us, there was a nasty princess and her dweeb boyfriend taking up a table for 4, and splitting only one entree between them, and a glass of wine, for 90 minutes, while taking endless selfies of each other (probably to send to National Geographic, get over yourself's honeys, you ain't that cute), and their server never rushed them out of their table, even though they stiffed him his gratuity (yeah, they were THAT ghetto). He shrugged it off and still kept on serving merrily to the rest of his stations! How COOL is that?!
See you next time St Awesome, oops, St Lawrence!!!Food does not disappoint...the value and quality are top notch. Came in looking for wings but got the red beans and rice plate. That was soooooo delicious and surprisingly large portion size. Lots of choices for beer and beverage but I had ice tea, freshly brewed. The corn bread was like dessert and I left feeling full and satisfied. If you want really good NOLA food on a budget I highly recommend this place as the first place to go.Saint Lawrence had great drinks and the food was outstanding. The Gumbo was very tasty. I had the Shrimp PO' Boy and it was so good. The ambiance was really cool. Would definitely go back again.Good for a more casual meal in New Orleans. The food was very good, service was a little confused, but that may have been a result of our large group.Went to have lunch here today based on the reviews...ordered a simple BBQ cheese burger cooked medium and onion rings. When the lunch arrived the burger was black...over cooked way beyond well done while the onion rings were under cooked...pick somewhere else....Everything we ordered was amazing!  One friend mentioned her meal - the Crawfish Cocktail was one of the best meals she's had all week. 
My turducken burger was perfectly cooked and served with dirty rice, and was outstanding. 
The frozen Pimms Cup drink was very refreshing and went down nice and smooth.
James, the chef, came out to visit with us and he and our server were especially attentive to us. We will hope to be back soon!Sooooooo....im an active duty Marine and this is my 4th work related visit to New Orleans and this also happens to be my 4th time coming to St Lawrence and it never fails to impress me! The bartender named Casha needs to be your go-to when it comes to food, drinks and all around cool AF service. I dont even order drinks anymore, i just ask her to surprise me. I had the red beans & rice platter tonight and there was nothing but "Naw'lins" soul embedded in it. The andoullie sausage that came with it was off the chain. Perfect mixture of flavor, spice and crisp. For my drink choice she surprised with the Blueberry Basil/Pimms Cup daiquiri and it is niiiiiice. 5 points for Casha! If youre in NOLA and want good food, good people, good drinks and a good experience then make your way here! #factsI popped in here during my Running of the Bulls weekend of madness.  It sort of gave me a bit of déjà vu for a moment when I first walked in and made me think I was back Uptown at St. Joe's Bar but while there are a few similarities this place has a personality all its own.  I liked this place a lot more before I ate here.  The bar is a very enjoyable place and still has a hint of its past dive bar ambiance while gaining a much more sophisticated flair.  The food was disappointing as when I was deciding between the regular burger and turducken  burger I was going to order the turducken burger but I didn't want dirty rice as my side but the server told me there would be a $4 charge to make a substitution to fries.  Ok so I just ordered the regular burger instead and was in a grumpy mood for not being able to have a choice of side.  The appearance of the regular burger reminded me of the fantastic burger at Le Petite Grocery but the meat was disappointing to me and wasn't that good.  I might return to drink here but now I'm cautious about the food as the burger was really disappointing and the lack of flexibility with the sides is laughable when it comes to cheap items like fries and rice.St. Lawrence is a clean, friendly bar with a short but interesting menu (with multiple vegetarian options) and extensive beer/cocktail list that feels like it was transported from San Diego to New Orleans. I walked in around 6:15 on a Thursday hoping to grab an early bite to eat before returning to my hotel to do some work; it only had a few people inside, but began to fill up as time went on and people with more exciting evening plans than mine began to arrive!
There were multiple bartenders/servers behind the bar, and I was quickly greeted and taken care of. I started with the crawfish cocktail. They were out of tortilla chips and offered to substitute housemade potato chips, but I was perfectly satisfied eating it with a spoon. The menu describes it as crawfish tails, avocado, tomato, and horseradish, and I was a little surprised when, upon first bite, it tasted kind of ketchup-y (it may have just been the sweet/sour of the citrus and tomato). As I continued eating, I noticed there were more subtle flavors that emerged, with the slight chewiness of the crawfish offset by soft avocado and crunchy onion pieces, and the sweet/sourness of the sauce nicely complemented by some cilantro and the spice of the horseradish. Overall, I really enjoyed it, and it was a very generous portion.
Although the cocktail was filling, I was feeling snacky and decided to try an order of sweet potato fries. They were fine: nicely cut, perfectly salted, and not too greasy; had they come with a dipping sauce other than ketchup, I think that would have bumped them up a bit in my book. As it was, the regular fries ordered by the guy next to me smelled heavenly, and I had a few regrets that I hadn't opted for those.
I was intrigued by the housemade deviled eggs and the soup of the day (curried black bean), as well as other menu items, but at this point I was pressing the boundaries of my stomach's comfort and decided to call it a night. St. Laurence would be a great place to go with friends to have a few cocktails and appetizers or a casual dinner. It's exactly the sort of place I would frequent if I lived in NOLA.Just completely amazing place. Very good selection of beers and diverse in cocktails. But the kicker is, they're menu. I had the fried chicken (recommended by Ashley) and it was the perfect choice. Juicy chicken, tasteful mashed potatoes and greens with a bit spicy to them that was spot on. Other reviewers complain about the slow food delivery but what's the rush you're at the French Square plus it is freshly made. This is not some fast food joint. Sit back and relax and enjoy a very laid back bar. The staff Ashley and Tom are amazing, very friendly and helpful with beer selections. Can't wait to go back. Definitely my favorite place in the French Square area.Came by for lunch with friends and I had the fried chicken SOOOOO GOOOOD! get it with the side of hot sauce the greens perfect the gravy super yummy!!! Friends had Mac and cheese with bacon and that was also super yummy!
Drinks are tasty I had the blueberry and basil special drink? Amazing! 
I liked that even in the French quarter tourist trap this place is a gem in the rough. Great food, great music playing, great drinks, great decor, and great service. 
Hats off to management you are doing something right!! 
I'm officially coming back to New Orleans and will visit again!
Cheers!!This was my fourth night in NOLA and thus far I had had three amazing meals! After reading all of the great yelp reviews, I was eager to try this place out. The wait staff seemed a little annoyed that I wanted a table for one despite the fact that I had made a reservation. Initially the service was prompt but it took longer and longer as my visit progressed. The Buffalo oysters were delicious. I would recommend them. The fried chicken is very tasty but my mashed potatoes were cold and flavorless and I didn't even touch the greens. I was very disappointed in the bread pudding. Given the number of places to try in the Quarter, this is not on my list of places to return to.HO-LY Yum! I had both the specials, the sweet potato soup and the baked brussels sprouts - they were amazing and just what I wanted because i wasn't starving. BUT! If you are, my friend got the fried chicken... it was the best fried chicken I'd ever eaten... ever, but there's a lot of it and it's filling, so be ready for it. The lamb stew was also amazing and the po-boy was great (but aren't they all?). The menu is super simple, but we still couldn't make up our minds and Lauren, our waitress, was wonderful. Her explanations were right on the money and she did a great job of helping us make decisions.  
Much love for this place. If I lived in NOLA (when I live in NOLA??) I would (will??) frequent it.Look, if you are gonna call it a "gastropub," in New Orleans, of all places, you have to make the food good. Here, it isn't. Soggy, oily french fries came with a mediocre burger; a beet salad's uncooked beets had the flavor and consistency of beer coasters. The bartender was rude and the service was poor.  My dining companions were more charitable, one liked the seared tuna I thought was pedestrian. Paula called it a beautiful  space, but said the food was "hit or miss." On my scorecard: Miss.What a fun, friendly place! Y'know, I'm not normally prone to saying, rather, *appreciating* such things, but it holds true in St. Lawrence's case. I like. I like very much.
There's the little surprises. First, it's on N Peters, so it keeps company with places like Coyote Ugly. So, you'd expect lousy drinks, a gimmick and tourists lapping it all up. That's not at all the case here. There's local art on the walls, craft cocktails (even the daiquiri choices are craft. I mean, Pimms and Harvest Pumpkin?! Plus the best mint julep I've ever had, with ginger and St. Germaine, no less!) and good food coming out of the kitchen. I only tasted the chips with pimento cheese, but a perusal of the menu reveals that there's lots of good going on there. It's an inspired menu, with comfort favorites, as well as creative takes on such favorites. I did hear people going on about the special of the day (duck, so obviously I can't comment on that). There are at least two vegetarian options besides salads and apps, including a sloppy joe. 
Then there's the extremely nice and as of yet, non-jaded staff. Our bartendress was extremely nice and came and checked on us regularly. We arrived hella early, so we were the only ones in there. Nice that no one forgot about us (far more common than you'd expect and I can totally understand, having worked in the industry for so long) and went the extra distance to be friendly, while not overly attentive. It's a delicate balance, folks.
This is a pretty straightforward review (what? no stories?), but I'm sure I'll be back so I can embellish upon things...Spectacular staff, great food, great beer selection. Jay was our Aladdin through a magical tour of beer and food. Prefect experience.This place is definitely a hidden gem! The valet at the hotel said that he had never heard of it but luckily me and the boo stuck to our original plan and sought out on our quest for  fried chicken! We ordered the appetizer wings, Buffalo oysters, mac and cheese and the fried chicken entree....everything was great...probably won't order the Buffalo oysters again...I just prefer them chargrilled/broiled....they were nicely prepared though....I'm not a chef but I know good food....and the  service was great! Also....The pimms cup was awesome!This was the perfect place for me to start my day on vacation in Nola.  I came in around noon and found the atmosphere to be cool and pleasant.  My diet is restricted due to recent dental surgery and the server was attentive, helpful and accommodating.  The blueberry basil daiquiri tasted fresh and delicious and the red beans and rice were very tasty.  I plan to visit again.OPEN LATE and amazing food! We were looking for a place were we could have good authentic local food and we found it here. There are tons of options for both food and drinks. We had the shrimp and grits as our main - the taste was unreal. We also had the mashed potatoes with chicken gravy, the Mac n cheese, the gumbo and the brussels sprouts as sides. I know it seems like a lot of food but the sizes and prices were small - perfect for sharing. The restaurant is big on local ingredients and changing their house specials. Can't wait to go back and see what the chef has added. Even though this place has an extensive beer selection, we're liquor people and they had a nice cocktail menu. I loved my St. Lawrence! We ordered it twice and I can't wait to go back and get it again.I almost don't want to review b/c I love this place. Quiet, small, and slightly off the FQ beaten path, it is by far my fave place to eat when I'm out downtown. I've never had a bad dish the handful of times I've eaten here. The staff is super nice, there's a good beer selection, and I rarely see any of the FQ drunken d-bags here. Also, the kitchen is open late!
Oh, and once Morgan Freeman ate at the table behind us. True story.Great place! Loved the happy hour until 7pm after a long day of meeting. Great food all around the table ... Fried chicken and sweet potato has was fantastic! Loved the Peach bellini and Winter Sangri Happy Hour.I went based on the reviews from Yelp and they impressed me so i had to go check it out for myself! Once I got there it was great atmosphere. Food was delicious and I definitely will be  back when I travel back to New Orleans!Needed to eat after a drinking session in the French Quarter at about midnight and did not want pizza. St Lawrence was recommended by a local bar owner and did not disappoint.
Food is fresh and locally sourced. Menu is imaginative and varied. Staff are friendly and the drinks are good.On my recent, and first, trip to Nola, this became my favorite restaurant. I'm not kidding. It's a dive bar with a huge beer list and a phenomenal kitchen. The prices are spot on. Everything we had was great. In fact we came here one night after having eaten at Cochon the night before (very disappointing), then we had tried to get into Peche the next night but we sensed the same snobby, pretentious, overpriced vibe there too, so we bailed and came to St Lawrence. Best decision we made the whole time. Then we came back on Sunday (very few places are open for dinner on Sunday). The service here is great, the drinks are great and affordable ($7 Sazeracs WITH absinthe!!) and the food is bomb.Absolutely the BEST burger in have ever had in my life!  Homemade onion rings are fantastic too!Hello, Pimms Cup Daiquiri.
Protip: Get the huge one. You will think, nah, the small is sufficient.... but then you drink it all and want more, because it is awesome. Just get the large.
I haven't tried any of the food yet, but the menu looks awesome. Also, really extensive beer menu, including some very random bottles I have never heard of.
Nice, relatively calm place to hang out and have a drink and/or a meal.Great food and excellent service. By far the nicest set of staff out of any restaurant we visited during our stay in New Orleans. You could tell they took pride in the food and service. Would came back to NOLA in a heartbeat just to eat at this place.Average. Bloody Mary was okay. Had better in the city. Very relaxing atmosphere with good people watching.If it wasn't so hot in there, they would have gotten 5 stars. The food was incredible and the service was good. MAC AND CHEESE was one of the best I've had and the buffalo chicken sandwich was on point. I'm not sure if the air was broken it if they usually just don't have it on but I had to leave early because I couldn't eat my hot food in the heat.Not sure why this place isn't given 5 stars only.  It's really a restaurant in a bar. It is not a white cloth table top type restaurant.  However, the food and drinks are really good and the food is top-notched.  I had probably the best hamburger that I've ever eaten.  The menu changes seasonally beased upon what's available in the local markets.  The drinks are individually made and distintive.  Some are nothing like anything I've ever had.  All in all it's a really good restaurant (in a bar), and a bar with exceptionally good drinks.As a former French Quarter dweller, I always was short on great spots to have more than greasy diner food late night in the neighborhood. St. Lawrence fills in this gap in the midnight hour, and during day light as well... with a varied menu that offers something for everyone. 
The arugula peach salad is delicious and though I am a equal opportunity eater (meats, fishies, veggies, unknowns), and there are plenty of great carnivore options on the menu (like the TURDUCKEN BURGER(!)), they have great offerings for the herbivorically inclined. The veggie curry is perfect and the sloppy joel (all veggie) is pretty awesome too. 
Glad to see some non-pretentious local talents heading up a spot that keeps it straight and simple: quality, locally sourced, wholesome, what's in season kind of foods, great service, at a good price point, serving into the late night hours. 
The cocktail menu has lots of great delights too. The fresh mississippi blueberry basil gin daiquiri will make you rethink what a daiquiri can be. mmmm....  
Oh, and don't forget dessert. I thought I hated pudding until I tried the banana pudding. It's all fresh mashed up 'nana's, with a POW! Ginger cookie, and a perfectly tinged cardamom cream. Not to forget the tempura fried double stuffed oreo. I almost never eat fried ... but my lord, this thing is a whole new dimension of dessert.My husband and I decided to check this place out for dinner while staying in the French quarter. We were immediately greeted by very friendly waitstaff. I had a new cocktail the "Holy Paloma." It was very good - not too sweet and the basil added a savoury touch. My husband had the steak sandwich and I had a vegetable sandwich. I really enjoyed my sandwich. All the vegetables were fresh and flavourful. My husbands sandwich and potato salad were a touch bland and could have use a little more seasoning but overall a terrific meal.This place has an amazing vibe from the decor to the servers. Price is consistent with the rest of the city, but the food is different and good. Drinks are not stingy on liquor either. We came back again for the lamb meat pie appetizer (which they were out of) but the cheese dip IS divine (their tagline) and everything else we've tasted here is on par to that. Very friendly and helpful. Next time we come to the city, we will be back again and again. A hidden gem!Pretty good food. The specialty fried chicken was just ok. The fries with gravy and cheese were amazing.No southern charm here.  Service was slower than expected considering how empty the restaurant was. Chicken sandwich was good.  Burger was so burnt it was difficult to bite into and I couldn't taste anything except the char.  I know the burgers are char-burgers but this was so burnt I had to cut the exterior layer of char off to finish the burger.  I wouldn't return for a free meal here.  At $15 for a burger and $5 extra dollars for the fries, I expected better quality, better taste and better service.Obviously, being new in town, I am up for any suggestions from the locals & this one hit the spot!!!
My pedicab driving neighbor was telling me where I could get decently priced food items that he promised were worth every penny & much, much more. This was one of the 1st places he mentioned. (Will keep checking out every other suggestion too in due time; stay tuned for those later!) 
To be honest, the space itself is sorta odd feeling with cool art yet lots of tvs everywhere. I was by myself & sat at the bar, but I could see hanging out with a group of friends there sometime. Basically, the place is way more bar than restaurant.
I was greeted promptly & with a sincere smile (I was a hostess at one point. I know when people are faking it!) Turns out her name was Crystal & she couldn't have been any nicer. I was undecided on what kind of drink to order & she was very sweet to talk me through what I liked & some new options I might like to try. I ended up selecting a watermelon concoction that was amazing & perfect for the summer weather. Two thumbs up!
She highly suggested the fried chicken or the hanger steak. I decided to go for the hanger steak. It was fantastic. It came with homemade French fries (that weren't soggy. Huge props!!!) & a chimmichurri (sp?) sauce. The menu is all over the map, literally, but I can see why the place was packed when I got there & when I left. 
New Orleans, or NOLA as the locals call it, is known for being a food city & so far, I can certainly see why! See you again soon, Saint Lawrence!!Great food - although price point a bit higher - I think a lot goes into these dishes and a great staff, I really enjoyed itSweet dive bar with good cocktails & tasty food. Order the St. Lawrence to drink & Smothered & Covered Fries to eat. Go hungry, the portions are huge & affordable.Our first visit was to feed a hungry friend fresh off the plane just after the 9 pm witching hour for kitchens on Monday nights in the Quarter.  Recommended by another bartender, the place suited us just fine.  Great selection of beers, acceptable house wine, and our friend discovered and fell in love with a fine version of red beans and rice with cornbread (of course).  Our second visit was for lunch after walking the length of the waterfont-- again service was cheerful and good, our waiter was knowledgeable about the beers, and it's gotta fun vibe for locals and tourists alike.  This time I got to have the creole tomato salad, taste the red beans and rice (excellent with just the right amount of heat) and the greens are really good (cooked up fresh), and the burger with cheese sauce disappeared without a comment-- definitely a good one.  The tourist family with youngish kids looked as happy as the old guys at the bar-- definitely a fun lunch spot for all.Ambiance- 4 stars
Wait staff personality- 1 star
Food - 3 stars
Tap beer selection- 0 stars
Sorry to be so rude but did not feel welcome here.A great spot for local & divine food until 2am. We had Mark as our waiter and he was terrific, engaging & knowledgable. My fiancé had the fried chicken that was out of this world. I had the fish of the day - amberjack on a deconstructed Cesar salad - my description not theirs. It was more fish than salad & so incredibly tasty. Perfection on a plate. Their cocktails were great too. We had both the St Lawrence & a peach handcrafted Bellini - both hit the spot. It's also nice because it's off the main drag of the quarter so it's a bit more peaceful - something we were craving after a week around the quarter! Don't miss it!Very pricey place so expect to pay a pretty penny for good creole southern food. I got the fried buffalo oysters for 12$. It was cooked well, accompanied with fresh salads and blue cheese. We also got the artichoke dip for 10$. Note we didn't really buy any main dinner items because I'm a poor traveler haha. You're pretty much looking at almost 20-30 for a good set meal.
Servers are nice and attentive to any questions I had. The inner decor is very relaxed, old-fashioned. They have personal artworks on the wall if any painting there catches your fancy.Probably the best food we had in all of New Orleans. The mac&cheese is amazing and the Bayou Cheesesteak was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Best daiquiris we found in the whole French Quarter, made with fresh juice rather than sugary mix. The spiced sangria was great too. We liked this place so much we went back a few times within a 2-day trip. The atmosphere is great, the staff is super friendly and the food was to-die-for. Plus they offer their whole menu until 2am. Highly recommend!!From Philly, so I have high expectations. Came because it was a 4 star near my hotel. Was interested in the curry entrees on the menu, but it seems that had changed with the seasons, no more currry. The bartender offered me solid advice quinoa pilaf with blackened chicken Delectable! Took over 20 min but worth it. Yep, thumbs up here!Really enjoyed this restaurant... Seemed very slow for a Saturday afternoon... But to my surprise I ordered the smothered fries and wings and they were very good... Customer service was very friendly...1st time in New Orleans and 1st restaurant.  We were seated immediately, but apparently that's rare as they said they're usually busy and take reservations only.  Met up with friends. 
Hubby had the Fried chicken which was amaze-balls and I had a pulled pork sandwich with a side of seasoned broccoli.  The sandwich tasted good and the broccoli was perfectly seasoned.
The service was questionable, but we had a great time all in all.Hour and half wait. No steak left on the menu
Good was cold service sub-par.  Very greasy environment. It's more a BAR than restaurantWe stayed at the Westin so this bar was the first place we came across when venturing out. Little did we know the amazing beer selection would bring us back a second time during our stay. 
The bartenders were extremely friendly and helpful. Will definitely return next time I'm in NOLA!My wife and I were looking for a reasonably priced, positively reviewed restaurant in the Quarter that accepted reservations. St. Lawrence fit the bill, but it also provided a fantastic meal and experience that exceeded my expectations.
The confit chicken wings had the fall off the bone tenderness and crispy texture I was expecting, along with a perfect amount of heat from the Crystal-based glaze and a delicious goat cheese dressing on the side. I doubled down on bird and got the fried chicken, which was good, crispy outside and tender inside, especially the leg. The accompanying side of mashed potatoes with chicken tasso gravy was very tasty.
The mac and cheese deserves its own paragraph. Our waiter recommended we get some no matter what we ordered. It was, no hyperbole, the best mac we've ever had. Perfect creamy texture and unbelievable flavor. The waiter copped to smoked gouda as a key ingredient, but there's definitely some other magic involved and I'm better off not knowing how to replicate it for my health.
The service was friendly and attentive, and the vibe of the place was fun and boisterous, as much a bar as a restaurant. The back of the place was pretty crowded and loud, so I'd recommend sitting  at one of the tables in the front if you're eating.
St. Lawrence has joined our rotation of restaurants to visit whenever we're in town. In NOLA, that's really saying something.Very good burgers, although a little pricey at $15 bucks. Bartenders (we sat at the bar) were all right despite their constant gossiping and apparent resentment towards the guys dressed in red dresses but not participating in the Red Dress Run (no worries. Those turkeys annoyed us all day and night). Nice menu, a little pricey, good enough service, and a good location. I'll be back to try something else off the menu.Gots what you need. A notch (or two) above bar food. A great Malbec on their limited wine list and all local beers on tap. Everything from salads to steak frites with fish fry and burger in between; it's what a 21st century bar should be.
The barkeep accommodated our request to turn on the Prez debates. The food was great.
They get my vote, for sure!Great service....everyone was extremely friendly.
Great beer on draft.
Food is unique and tastes amazing plus they have desserts that are not the usual fair.I was pretty pumped that my friends suggested we grab a late dinner here after a comedy show a few weeks back. Having heard nothing but good things about the place, I was excited to check it out. I was not disappointed! The place was pretty empty, but it was also 9:30pm on a Monday night. The manager waited on us and was super friendly the entire time we were there. He had some great suggestions for the table and was very attentive. I was craving a burger that night and had a simple but delicious burger with Hook's cheddar and fresh cut fries. The table sampled and raved about everything from the rabbit lasagna to the turducken burger. The manager brought out some samples of the special homemade daiquiri of the day and I just had to have one for myself! This was a great meal in a fun atmosphere. I will be back. Overall: A great place for a laid-back dinner with friends in the Quarter. Or just grab one of their awesome frozen daqs to go!Name tags?!?
Food and drinks had me drooling...name tags...not so much. What is this applebees?! 
Macnchz plz...wet drenched noddles in creamy Chz 
the saint lawerence drink is so refreshing
Fresh cut fries are bomb!!!We ordered some food to the room because we were tired and didn't want to walk out in the heat. I ordered the St Lawrence Chicken, with mashed potatoes and greens. Ok my honest opinion would be a no to the chicken on so many levels. I am not sure if the rosemary is supposed to be so pronounced but it over took the chicken and to make matters worse it was burnt. The smell engulfed our room to the point it made my roommate sick to her stomach. I literally had to remove it from the room because the smell was so powerful. The mashed potatoes with cuts of chicken were cold when it arrived. Mind you everything else was still nice and hot. The greens were actually good and were the only thing I ate completely. Maybe I should actually go to the restaurant next time and see if I get a different experience but as far as delivery is concerned it is a no for me.I love that the kitchen is open till 2am every night. Last time I was in I had the sausage and peppers poboy it was really good but my heart was set on getting braised ribs. I love their bottled beer selection. They have unusual bottled beer that others don't have. One time I noticed a strawberry cider from MO it turned out to be too tart to drink. I like the unusual historic looking artwork. Service can be iffy depending on what bartender ya get.  I'll be back for more food late nightGreat location, loved the frozen Pimm's Cup - reLly unique. Friendly and helpful service . Had an awesome New Orleans cheesesteak sandwich. Highly recommend!Stellar service! Food is amazing-you can tell the menu is carefully thought out. Bartender was fantastic!Wonderful! I stopped here with my significant other and had lunch, and it was delicious! Kayla and Caroline were two very attentive, nice, and otherwise great servers, plus the food was awesome. The cornbread with honey butter is to die for and the fried chicken meal was incredible. They also were very nice and substituted Mac and Cheese into my order as I couldn't have the collard greens due to the onion. This is a great establishment and I would highly recommend it!Delicious burger and onion rings, excellent service,  and interesting cocktails.  Enjoyed Primm cup and blueberry basil gimlet.This place has a great chill vibe.  I love the location on the Riverside of the quarter and close to canal.  The bar staff is very friendly. They had a chai tea daquiri so I tried it because it sounded bizarre
  It was surprisingly delicious and creative.   I've eaten here a couple of times and the food is delicious.   My favorite has always been the hanger steak so this time I had the bayou cheesteak because it was grilled hanger with onions, red peppers, mushrooms with sharp cheddar on a leidenheimer.  It was delicious.   I'll have to come back to try the gorgonzola burgerVery lovely and super on top of it staff. The fried chicken is absolutely to die for. I particularly like this place for a low key and leisurely brunch or lunch.My awful dining experience happened back in February but I didn't have a Yelp account then but I swore that if I ever signed up that this would be my first review.
I had the duck salad after a show at HOB which I remember being ok...
That night I had the worst food poisoning I had ever had in my life.  My friend had a bite of my salad and got food poisoning as well.
The next day I called and spoke with a day waitress and told her what had happened and asked her to have a manager or owner call me back.
Two days later I had still not received a call back so I called and got the owner on the phone.  I cannot remember what this jerk's name was but he identified himself as the owner.
I told him what had happened and he told me that he had eaten the same duck salad and he hadn't gotten sick so I was wrong.  As someone who works with service industry and bars/restaurants, this is the craziest thing I have ever been told.  Food poisoning could come from unwashed lettuce, a contaminated utensil, cooks (or servers) not washing their hands, refrigerated meats or dozens of other sources.  
I have never been spoken to so rudely as from this owner.  He continually asked me what i wanted him to do about it.  How about refunding the amount charged to my credit card for starters?!?  He refused to do this, even for the contaminated dish.  I should have called and had my bank refuse the charge but I have decided that telling everyone I know in New Orleans never to eat there will be better.
My friends who took me there were regulars until this incident.  They too are in the restaurant industry and were floored by this owners response.
I won't be surprised when this restaurant closes just like the many businesses that have occupied this space before them.  The restaurant business is a hard one but it is only made harder by treating customers poorly.Kayla was awesome! ! About time we found a place that was fun and had much better service. Fun young and hip!! You can't miss saying hi to Big Red and the fun interesting women at the front.Seriously great grub.  Special "Softshell Crab BLT" was huge and to die for.   Wait staff was awesome - service efficient and with a smile.   Fun atmosphere, tvs rotating sports and West Side Story with 80s music in background, interesting art for sale on wall in back, open windows with bar crawls going by.   
Another NOLA gem.    Will be back.I popped in for a quick drink while waiting for friends to join up. Bartenders were really nice and on top of everything going on. They were pretty full but they still continued making rounds and speaking with everyone. Drinks weren't French quarter expensive eitherWandered in after visiting the Insectarium down the street. Shrimp po'boy was crazy good. I don't normally like fried shrimp, but these were tender and flavorful and had a delicious light breading to them. The sandwich was amazing. Had their strawberry lemonade daiquiri which packed quite a punch. Staff was friendly and courteous - thoroughly enjoyed my time there.I am a french quarter resident and native new orleanian. St. Lawrence is my favorite go-to bar in the quarter, well worth the 12 block walk for me (which for a quarter resident is a looong way, past a plethora of great bars and eateries). The homemade daiquiris are exquisite (and don't give the headache that the syrupy daiquiris on bourbon street do), my sister's favorite drink in the city. All the drinks are great, made with care and swiftness. The food is wonderful, gourmet and interesting without being too expensive. This is especially exciting because it serves food until 2am, so you dont just have to settle for shoving greasy junk down your throat when you get hungry after a night out. I think the burger medium rare with bacon and pimento is the best burger in town, and believe it or not the best fried chicken too (they baste it for 24 hours ao the meat itself holds the flavor). My former roommate was a chef at the world-famous K-Paul's restaurant, and this is where he and his coworkers would always go for after work food and drinks. The bartenders are super friendly and helpful. I'm sitting here right now with my dad watching the LSU baseball game with the remote control in my hand - without many folks here today Meredith turned off the music and put on the game sound for us. She and Jesse and Crystal and the others are all easy to converse with, bright and nice and most of all totally relaxed and comfortable behind the bar, which puts an easy comfortable smile on the customers. Chef Caleb is also totally approachable and friendly, ready to talk about the food or ideas or anything going on in the city. Strangely, it hasn't seemed to catch as a crowded hot spot yet, which is too bad for them but great for us -- this wont last because word is getting out so enjoy this roomy factor while you can. I am super happy it is smoke free. My one grievance is that they should have public wifi, whoch i thought they did but apparently dont anymore? Still overall, five stars.Solid 4 stars to this place.  Casual atmosphere. Good service. We actually visited this place twice in New Orleans just to have the jalapeño Mac and cheese with fried shrimp for a second time. That dish was absolutely to die for!  We also had gumbo which was really good.My favourite spot for dinner and cocktails. Always interesting conversation at the bar. Had the best fried chicken of my life the other night and Shea took great care of me. Thanks!We walked toward Bourbon looking for a restaurant that looked local and interesting and weren't disappointed. The gumbo was delicious, the folks who worked there couldn't have been more patient, helpful or friendly. We ate at the bar and would recommend this place to anyone looking for good local food and hospitality.The collard greens are to die for and really good gumbo. We enjoyed the drinks. Nice place to unwind.Love the new menu! 
Last night I had the crawfish lobster roll; as a NOLA native, I wasn't really sure what I was supposed to do with the serving of melted butter (after dipping my fries and bun in it). The crawfish were plump and delicious and the bun was nicely toasted. Also let's not underestimate the deliciousness of a well cooked fry. I love fresh cut fries with the skin still on; these were fried perfectly.  
I also swiped a smidge of my friend's mac n cheese. mmmmmm....smoked gouda. And another friend got the fish and chips; the beer batter looked amazing all puffy, golden brown. I was too full to sample his though.
The price point is excellent, especially for the FQ. The drinks run to the sweet side but the bartenders are happy to adjust for individual taste. (I'll ask for an extra shot of bitters in my old fashioned next time.)
Love the atmosphere and the exposed brick walls. A really well designed space that is casual with elevated food. Definitely worth a visit or 7.I stop by here with some friends and family to have dinner. I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with a side of mashed potatoes. It was by far the best buffalo chicken sandwich I've ever eaten. In the mashed potatoes gravy was outstanding ! Keep up the great quality food!This place is a nice gem. They have a fabulous selection of beer. The food was really good. I had the onion rings as and app and they were really crisp and . 
I ordered the shrimp poboy and it was equally excellent. The bar staff was also excellent. You won't go wrong if you stop in this placeCame in late night after my shift and had the most amazing dining experience with our bartender SHEA!!!!! Shea was very attentive and warm. The food and drinks were great. If you are in that area late night, peak in and ask for Shea!!! Oh yeah, the name tags, not cute.The soft shell crab was one of the best ever! Great experience...Pleasant staff, good drinks and great food. Will be back soon before they lose this combo I must try some other delicious options.We came for brunch and I had the Oyster Benedict...it was to die for!!!  We also had the crispy confit wings and they were the best wings I ever had.  Definitely coming back here again when I come back to NOLA.Best of both worlds, high quality liquor and great beer selection. The food menu also has numerous specialties; however, order the fried chicken and you will not be disappointed.Of all the restaurants we tried this weekend, this was our absolute favorite. First, they stayed open to serve us and didn't cut corners. We ordered the red beans and rice platter, which comes with greens and a chicken wing. . The chicken was perfectly seasoned and crisp. The greens were smack yo' mama good. We also ordered the po boy cheesesteak, which was finger licking good. Last but definitely not least was the bread pudding. Cinnamon ooey gooey goodness to die for. I wish I could take it home with me. Don't waste your time trying to find eats on Bourbon Street, this is the place you need to try.I cant believe that I never reviewed this awesome place! I came to NOLA in March for a conference and loved St. Lawrence so much I CAME HERE TWICE IN TWO DAYS!
Fried chicken is a revelation and as a Valley girl from LA I fell in love with the delicacy at this very fine establishment :)Brandon, Casha rock this world! They had a difficult situation with some co workers walking out. They kept it positive, served delicious drinks, played great music and kept the place hoping. I highly recommend this Gastro pub in the Quarter but off the beaten path!Service was great, however there were mice roaming around. The way they moved around seemed like they worked there. Two employees were yelling at each other about who could go home first. The food was not worth the price. There are plenty of other places in NOLA cheaper and betterthe food here is really excellent. well prepared fresh and at a good prices! check it outUpon arriving on our trip to New Orleans, we did all of our research and went to very expensive restaurants. We stumbled upon St. Lawrence and did not regret our decision. 3 of us had burgers that were perfectly cooked and well constructed. Their fries are seasoned and cooked to perfection. I highly recommend trying their goat cheese sauce; for anything. We did ask if it could be bottled up, and unfortunately it could not. Besides that, our waiter, Travis, was very friendly and personable. He also has some great artwork that happened to be hanging above our table. I highly recommend a stop at this St. Lawrence. With over 65 beers and tasty cocktails to choose from, the atmosphere and service was some of the best we have experienced on our trip.Delicious food!  There was a good variety of items so everyone (including the teenagers) were happy!
The waiter was very knowledgeable about the beer selections and gave great recommendations.  Seemed to be a nice alternative to the more touristy restaurants in the area.
We had gumbo, mac and cheese with bacon, burger, and red beans and rice.Nothing was all that good. After being at many great restaurants the past week this one disappointed. I started with a daiquiri, which is supposed to be one of their specialties and I don't think it was even the one I ordered. It came garnished different than the descriptions and was average to the taste. The special was a blackened chicken linguini. Very average meal at best.Very cool location and space. Very friendly servers. Portions are generous.  I had the fried chicken with collared greens and was very pleased.  Selections of beer is very current and a great place to explore new tastes.  Serves late night dinner which can be hard when many places are just looking to push cocktails and drinks in this area of New Orleans.Great menu...,even better Late night!  Red brand and rice were fantastic!  The St Lawrence drink was delish!  Highly recommend!one of my favorite places to eat in the quarter. This place has a great menu for both food and cocktails. nice atmosphere and great service. They have a revolving menu and specials that are almost always good. so you can pretty much always get something new.Wow! We were the first customers in on Sunday. Seated by a very nice waiter. The manager (owner?) chose to walk right by our table, yelling at the staff about opening on time, the tables being uneven ... the state of the world I guess. Topped it off by dropping a loud f-bomb standing right next to my wife. I'm not easily offended ... but come on! Gotta be better than this.Good food, good drinks, and the owner provides great service. But you seriously don't need a 32-oz Pimm's Cup daiquiri for two. Start with the 16-oz and work your way up. I promise, it will be more than enough.Staying at the Harrah's and read some good reviews about this place. It's definitely a good spot to go to. Wings are bomb! & our bartender Shea was awesome. Would def come here again!Excellent Gumbo and veggie burger with fries. Service was great meal was hot. Not pricey at all .... get you someWe came in from Fort Worth Texas for a nice short vacation. Friendly, efficient staff. Good food, nice change from typical Texas fair of BBQ and Mexican.  Husband had the fried chicken. Had a good crust and meat was juicy. Potatoes and gravy were on point. He said the collard greens were just like his grandmother made. I had the mac and cheese and Reuben spring rolls. Mac and cheese was basic, simple and not overly "cheesed out". Spring rolls had 4 per serving, which was a perfect size and very flavorful with Tarragon. Overall, good food and staff. We would definitely come back and highly recommend to our friends.We popped in here for a quick bite to eat - had the hanger steak frites, the spring rolls (they have meat), sweet and spicy kale, sweet potato fries and black drum fish. I had the Blueberry basil and gin daquiri and my bf had the St Lawrence drink (peach, champagne and a bunch of goodness). The food was delicious - the kale was a throwback to when I had my sukumawiki growing up in Kenya. It had a hint of kick but was really tasty and flavorful. The hanger steak frites was good BUT I really liked the skinny fries that accompanied it a bit better. I loved the fish - tender and cooked really beautifully. My drink(s) were awesome, and my BF even wanted to order the blueberry drink despite hating blueberries...it was that good. It tasted like a smoothie but it made me really happy. He also had the Canebrake beer (locally made) and he liked it.
Our server was Lauren and she was awesome - informational, casual and just very nice to us. 
Another plus to this place is that they use local resources so that was a bit of good news. I love the exposed brick, and the general feel of the place.
When we went, on a Monday - a day where it seems most eateries are closed - it was about 6pm and it wasn't really full. We got our food fairly quickly.
It's a great little place and definitely did not disappoint.Headed into St. Lawrence after a long day of traveling and were very satisfied with our decision to do so!!! The decor is like Haunted Mansion meets bayou and there was a great vibe even at 8pm. The food was spectacular. Ordered the softshell crab BLT, fried chicken, and a variety of apps! Our server was attentive and friendly and made the experience even more memorable. Would definitely come back to eat and drink here when in NOLA :))Heard of this place from a friend and was a little skeptical since it was so close to tourist area but I have to say they knocked it out of the park. Staff was really friendly and the food was amazing. I think you would be ok with whatever you order from here. Go check it out! It gets 5 stars from me.Stayed around the corner at Westin, was starving and this was one of the closest places with decent reviews so we gave it a try. We had a very good meal that was served timely.  Waitress helped me with some special dietary requests and the meal was delicious. It was mid day and not very busy so we hung out for a while and had a few drinks. Drinks were yummy in typical NOLA fashion!  Would visit again next time in town. Good, friendly service. Visited on 6/13/17.St. Lawrence is an amazing little find.  It is a quaint little bar restaurant, with upscale bar food that is delicious.  The narrow shotgun style bar has cool art and and great youthful vibe.  It strikes you as a place where everybody knows your name, despite the fact that you're in a city full of tourists.  It's a short walk from the Mighty Mississippi and the French Quarter.  Try the Canebrake beer while you are there.  It is a local fave that does not disappoint.  Jeff and Brendan, the owners, are nearly always around to make sure that customers are satisfied and entertained.  I wish they had t-shirts or souvenirs so that I could represent back home!If you're a vegetarian visiting New Orleans, this place is for you. I spent one evening literally wandering from restaurant to restaurant looking for somewhere that served a vegetarian meal besides salad. Luckily I happened across the St. Lawrence, which offers several veggie options in addition to the customary salad. I had the quinoa bowl and my mom had the mac and cheese, both of which were delicious. I had a bit of the mac and cheese and I think I preferred it, however. It wasn't your usual mac and cheese. On top of that, our waiter was extremely friendly and accommodating.I was in the French Quarter and happened to just stumble upon this place at lunch time. It was on a week day. I love Pimms Cup daiquiris so when I saw that they offered it, I had to have one. It was not bad, although I have had better. I ordered lunch. Started was the seasonal salad. It was divine! In fact, I keep thinking about this salad and want to go back to have another one. Plate of greens with goat cheese, walnuts, satsuma pieces, sliced spicy radishes. Whoever the chef is at this place knows what he/she is doing. Next, I had the special. Orzo pasta with spinach, shrimp, with a light cream sauce. It was similar to a florentine and It was so good. Lastly, I noticed that they offered a baked sweet potato daiquiri. This sounded so disgusting to me, but my curiosity made me try it.  Omg! It was incredible although I don't want to know how many calories were in it. My husband and I took one to go to enjoy later. I will definitely go back to this place. I might add that they had an impressive selection of beer. A+++++ for St. LawrenceThis place has really nice and clean bathrooms. Unfortunately I'd had one too many sazeracs before dinner, so I spent most of my time hurling in the bathroom. The staff was really nice about it though. 
My friends really enjoyed it, and I did get to eat the fried chicken later that night. Lost some of its crunchiness, but I could tell it would have been amazing fresh.We were walking along the river and it was just coming up on noon.  I hadn't had nothing but some yogurt and fruit in the morning (yeah, sometimes I eat healthy), and I was hungry.  Pretty much everyone in our group was starting to get a little hangry, so looking on Yelp, St. Lawrence was the closest to us.  When we walked in, there was only one table eating.
Our server, Josh? Justin?, was great!  Casual and friendly, and made us feel at home.  We ordered the gumbo, smothered fries, mac & cheese with bacon, and red beans and rice, and shared everything.  This was our first cajun/creole meal and it was all delicious!  My favorite was the smothered fries which came with a tasty tasso cream sauce.  
As we sat there eating, the only table in the place, people started to slowly come in.  They open at 11 so now I understood why it wasn't crowded.  Great place for lunch, early or late.  Didn't have enough room for the marshmallow bread pudding.  That will have to wait for another visit. 
Merci!I had the Saint Lawrence fried chicken and it was delicious. The chicken was not greasy and crispy! It had the right amount of flavor. I also had the smothered and covered fries, and the chicken gravy was so scrumptious. The only down side was that I sat at the bar and the a/c vent was over me and I was freezing, but good thing the food came out piping hot!Great food, great first night in New Orleans. The service was awesome and were there at the perfect times. Came from the hotel, and was a recommendation from the hotel, so we walked along the river. It was very surprising and the perfect spot for any dinner! (we had dinner, I'm sure that the lunch is good as well)We came here on Sunday night for a bite to eat because it was close to our hotel and everything around us was closing soon. I'm glad we came! The place wasn't too packed which was nice cause we were starving! We ordered a couple beers which were delicious. My friend ordered a salad w chicken and loved it. I ordered their little three course meal, it came w a decent sized salad, your choice of po boy and bread pudding for dessert. All of it was delicious! The shrimp was nice and crunchy and just super yummy. The bread pudding was so good too! I couldn't stop eating it. I would def recommend if you're in the area!Too hungry to continue, we stopped here because the specials looked interesting & creative. I ordered the blueberry-basil gimleti, a frozen daiquiri for gin lovers. It was not too sweet and really refreshing on a hot day. The large size immediately and dramatically improved my mood. 
The buffalo fried oysters had a brilliant sauce that was spicy with intense flavor perfectly cooked by the blue cheese crumbles. We ordered the watermelon feta salad and the "chicken special".  Both were amazing! So incredibly fresh and delicious. Clean plates all around. 
This place is a gem! Wonderful food and our server, Amber, was so friendly and welcoming. You can tell she enjoys her job!
When in Nola, go to the St. Lawrence for and amazing meal and say hi to Amber Dawn.Love this place. Favorite bar that's close to home that have consistent amazing food. This is about my six or seventh time here and I tried most of everything on the menu. My favorite? The Couscous with chicken. It's well  seasoned ( this restaurant strong point) and comes with plenty of veggies. My only complaint is that they only add 3 fried eggplant medallions, but I'm sure you can ask for extra. The chicken is well cooked, juicy and packed with flavor!
The fried chicken here is also really good, come with an empty stomach because it's served with mash potatoes and collard greens. Once again, the chicken is so well seasoned and it's not too salty either! The collard greens are on point and taste like something your mom would cook up on a Sunday. 
My only complaint is that their crispy wing confit are too crispy for my taste, but everyone that I shared them with say they are amazing. 
The drink menu is fantastic, Pimm's Cup daiquiri is on point, slightly weak for me so ask for an extra shot of you want it strong. The house cocktails are creative and the selection of wine is pretty good and not overly priced. 
Last and not least the service. Everyone is cool and friendly, never had a bad experience with anyone. If it's busy, prepare to wait for your food because they make everything fresh and if there is a crowd.. Well you know the drill. Even the cooks who pop to the front are nice as well. 
So overall this place is five stars! Will keep coming here without a doubt.Excellent cocktails and food. A unique spot in NOLA (and vegan friendly).Chicken was undercooked. When brought to the staff's attention they apologized, and put in another order. Food came out perfectly cooked the second time. The gumbo was also delicious. Thankfully, I cut into and inspected the color of the chicken prior to eating it. Everything tasted wonderful, and the kitchen and bar were open late. Perfect spot to fix our craving after our late arrival into MSY.Open til 2 am. Our last dinner in Nola. Had the fried chicken/mashed potatoes/collard greens. It puts all other iterations of this exact meal I've ever had to shame. It was so delicious I was about to shed a tear. Excellent last meal in Nola.This place is a sign that NOLA is becoming saturated with places to eat.  We love food but we love GREAT food.  This place is much better on paper or screen rather.  ordered the grilled peach salad which was good except the arugula leaves were GIANT and whole with hard veins.  Not very appetizing.  The other item ordered was the Reuben Spring rolls.  These were the tiniest spring rolls I've EVER had.  Two bites and they were gone.  Also, the meat wasn't cut properly so all of the meat came out on the first bite!  So the second bite was just fried wrapper.  The menu says it has Chow  chow but ya none of that.  The cocktails were nothing special because we're in the still in midst of a cocktail revolution.  Paying $9 for a cocktail it should be at least somewhat special.  The service was typical service.  Definitely nothing special.  I will give this place another try IF I'm with someone who insists on going.Stumbled across this place while in town for the Essence Fest. I noticed that they had a sign touting their brunch drinks outside, so the next day when my group was looking for a brunch spot without long waits, we decided to go here. We had a large group for our ladies' brunch and the staff was more than accommodating in setting up our table for 8. We had just one server (I believe his name was Mark) and he worked his behind off, didn't forget a thing.  
To begin, I ordered a Pim (?) frozen cocktail. Sooo tasty! Highly recommend, and I actually ordered two. For my appetizer, I had the NOLA BBQ shrimp which, while the flavor was good, was kind of a let down, this being because the shrimp were pretty tiny. They were similar to the previously frozen kind and I'm used to large, plump (usually head on) with this dish. But again, the flavor of the sauce was great. For my main course, I ordered the catfish. Huge piece of fish and it was perfectly fried! It was served with collard greens and potato salad. The potato salad was OK, but warm. Warm potato salad?! Lol if it had been chilled, it'd have been good. Other stand out dishes in the table were the shrimp poboys (those shrimp were huge!) and the fried oyster Benedict. 
Takeaways: the cocktails, catfish, and service. Definitely a great brunch choice away from the bustle of Bourbon.Great food!!! Terrible service, and that's the only bad thing I have to say. I had the daily special, steak and eggs with grits and greens and it was so delicious! Perfectly seasoned and the cook was perfect. Would have given 5 stars but the service was very bad. The staff was more interested in socializing with each other vs checking on the customers. They perked up when they were ready to give the check. Presumably in hopes of a tip. We tipped but only because that's who we are, they work for tips and have to pay rent just like everyone else. So.... tip them we did. 
Would I come back, for the greens and grits... maybe, for the service absolutely not. Shame really. We were one of 3 tables and they could be busier, but the service is enough to keep the crowds away.Cozy & Inviting! A nice clean bar to relax with good friends & music can be hard to come by in the French Quarter There's always a smiling face behind the bar making some fresh delicious cocktail or pouring one of their many speciality beers! Usually I'll wander in late after a night of drinking to eat myself into a food coma! A must try on  their menu is the mac n cheese :)Great service... we thought the staff must think we were undercover food bloggers, they were so attentive. Beautiful art on the walls for sale at reasonable prices ~$150. Generous servings of food and delicious. The cocktails were creative, locally themed, and tasty. Vegetarian friendly. I wanted a T-shirt by the end, but they were sold out!Excellent. Pimm's Cup, Cheese steak sandwich with side of potato salad (most places just add some bland, generic excuse for a side but this was so good worthy of it's own call out) Blue Cheese Bacon Burger with side of Onion Rings ( lightly fried with a kick off spice)...all excellent.  Service, excellent. I visited a few of the NOLA staple restaurants while visiting including K Paul's which was very good and I know a different type of restaurant but I have to say, Saint Lawrence is my most memorable meal. The only reason I found it was that we were at that weird time between brunch and dinner on a Sunday so lots of places were closed. Happened upon this place on Yelp but really, even if the other places were open I would choose to come here first. Tip, don't sit at the table next to the frozen daqui machine, the motor is a bit loud. Thank goodness they have old school 80's playing at just the right volume, not too loud but loud enough to appreciate. Amen Saint Lawrence!First visit to NOLA. Starbucks guy across the street recommended this place. Awesome choice. Had the bbq bacon jalapeño burger and it was great. When you need a break from seafood this is a great place. My wife had the veggie sandwich and absolutely loved it!This restaurant was great! There were three of us, we had the red beans and rice, fried chicken and the steak sandwich. All of the dishes we delicious with generous portions. The wait staff was attentive. Our waiter ( dark haired bearded gent) was excellent. I was pleasantly surprised sine this restaurant was not crowded, while many others had lines out the door. Would definitely eat there again.The food was FANTASTIC, ESPECIALLY the potatoes au gratin. I ordered the steak and it was excellent BUT THE POTATOES AU GRATIN was life changing, honestly. They were great. The atmosphere is good too. Overall, a good place to come if you are looking to get away from the tourist traps and a few drinks. I digress...Nice place!St. Lawrence is the best place to get a 5-star meal at a reasonable price! The owners Jeff and Brendan have done such a wonderful job turning the previously-unsuccessful business (despite the perfect location) into a brand new restaurant that's honestly the best place in the Quarter. Pimm's cup daiquiri is amazing! I go back multiple times every time I visit Nola!I placed a delivery order through yelp. It got a delivery time. 50 min later I received a call from the grubhub delivery guy saying the restaurant wasn't taking grubhub orders and I had to call grubhub for a refund. Then grubhub had to call the restaurant to verify while I waited on hold in order to verify the refund. I waited 50min thinking I was getting a delivery and then I had to find another place to order from and wait for a delivery again. This is UNACCEPTABLE.We got the BBQ Cheddar Jalapeño burger and onion rings and split it.  It was delicious and a huge portion.  Very good!!I absolutely loved this place! Didn't eat, but the drinks were amazing and the bartender was very friendly. Of the many watering holes we visited on our weekend trip to NOLA, this was by far my favorite. Can't wait to go back!Really enjoyed the food. Our waitress was amazing. She was kind and gave us some great suggestions, which we loved. I am a vegetarian and like the options available there. My guy loved everything too. The music playing was fun, just our style. I would recommend this place to anyone.Just got into town and stumbled upon this awesome restaurant. Nice vibe, great service and the food was perfectly prepared and portioned for two!! Everything was freshly prepared and the selection of beer and cocktails was impressive as well.Great atmosphere, unique and creative drinks, large variety of beers, delicious food and the staff are very knowledgable of the menu. 
We've been there numerous times and have never been disappointed.  Also a great place to watch the Saints.In a word, lazy. I had the Creole Pulled Pork, my date had the Adult Grilled Cheese, and we shared a Decatur Sundae for desert. Everything was just ok, verging on bad.We had a late dinner here when we arrived in New Orleans. After a delicious cocktail, I devoured a Shiitake Gruyere burger that makes my mouth water thinking about it. The server was on point and super friendly, full of information - just a pleasure to deal with after a long road trip.Was hungover in bed after a day of drinking and decided on comfort food to bring me back to life. I got the crawfish Mac n cheese and collared greens with bacon. IT WAS FREAKIN AMAZING! Devoured it in a few bites and became pissed at myself for not having ordered the dishes in larges.Food: 5
Service: 1
We came here for my friend's birthdays. We all ordered different variety of dishes. I had the red beans and rice. The food was delicious!!! My plate came with some cornbread, which was a little dry but ok, and collard greens which were amazing!
Service was HORRIBLE!!! First off the entire time we were there the waiter never came around to fill our drinks, or clear the table as people finished (which isn't as big a deal). Then when we were ready for the bill he was nowhere to be seen, finally my brother got up and found him and asked him for our ticket. We still waited another 15 minutes while he was casually talking to some lady at another table, LITERALLY across from us. Then when he finally brought it he dissappeared, we ended up just having the bartender run my card.Good gumbo and collard greens.  But the bar was sticky and and the bathrooms were unclean. Unfortunately that's a sign to me.Great spot for lunch! Fantastic sandwiches, Wings, Pimm's Cup daiquiris. A little pricey, but worth it if you are after quality ingredients.With an nice assortment of entres for the non-seafood lovers in our group, we were really happy with the Saint Lawrence. 
I started with the Blueberry Gimlet and it was delicious. It was similar to a daiquiri but not as sweet, smoother and more fruity. So yummy!!  Additionally, we tried the wings as an appetizer. They were the perfect blend of sweet and spicy. 
I stuck with the red beans and rice and they were pretty good. They had a nice smokey flavor. The hubby had the seafood linguine and it looked tasty. 
I wish that Yelp allowed a half star as I would give 4.5 with a second thought! A solid choice if you are in NOLA!I love this place. I am visiting New Orleans for a week and have been here twice. Great drinks and food and really nice staff. I would be a regular if I lived here.Pimm's Cup daiq was super delish, as were the hush puppies, "spring rolls" and Turducken burger. Both of our servers were super sweet and accommodating. 
The only thing that kept me from really relaxing and enjoying my meal to the fullest was the frantic pace that the servers had to maintain in order to serve the length of the place. Both our super fly pink-haired waitress, and the charming gent sharing the floor with her were RUNNING back to the expo window. Pink-hair almost tripped once or twice, and I was gasping for breath as she recovered. Slow down, y'all! I know you need to hustle, but it was scary for the guests watching it all go down.
And one final nit-picky word of advice: Take the price tags off of all of the light fixtures. You can see the stickers on nearly all of them hanging above the tables. :D
But again, delicious meal. One of the rare places in the Quarter that I would feel confident bringing out of town guests for dinner these days. I'll be back!We love this place and if we lived closer we would frequent weekly.  The beer selection is constantly updated and showcases craft companies. The cocktails are made with fresh ingredients and highlight a range of top-shelf spirits.  
The menu selection rivals the big name players but offers a variety of selection when the canon/creole dishes start getting monotonous.  The shrimp and grits were amazing and I didn't understand why I was asked if I was sure about my selection until it came out because it is not the known dish but something just as fabulous.  The grits were more of a polenta with large amazing shrimp complete with head covered with an amazing coconut curry sauce.  Not the usual NOLA shrimp and grits but so yummy.  The hubs loved the poutine with hangar steak gravy and cheese curds.  The Mac and cheese was creamy, smoky and lovely...and not over salted like many macs.
And the Pimm's cup homemade daiquiri was fabulous--not overly alcohol tasting while still packing a punch.  It was fruity, spicy heaven.  There is no blaring music or half naked girls walking around which helps elevate the atmosphere...Try 1/2 a star.  Only because we were there to see my Ravens win the SB.  We had the worst food we probably ever had in history, with small tvs in the worst locations for comfortable viewing -- my head was twisted around my shoulder.  But about the food.  We sat with another couple but we ordered maybe 15 minutes before they did.  Their order came out first.  But we thought half of it was ours -- the burger.  Well, the burger was not just well done -- no, it was incinerated to the point of crumbling apart.  The bacon bits on it didn't taste like bacon, the cheese maybe was a couple of shreds sprinkled on top, and the beef tasted funny, and the fries were drenched in grease, salt and overcooked also.  My wife had a po-boy that was a disgrace.  Then the other couple got their burger and  fries, and they sent it back without a bite.  And for the hiked pricing due to the SB, made the whole experience a complete FAIL.  This place needs the show "Bar Rescue" to overhaul it and thrust a boot dead center on the cook's and manager's a**.   St. Lawrence, FU into eternity.This place was solid.  Good food.  Decent atmosphere.  We saw the house mouse that other Yelpers have noted as well.  Lol. We has the fried chicken and the shrimp and crawfish pasta.
     To start with the chicken plate....Very crispy.  The greens were good and I appreciated that they were fresh and not the canned or frozen kind. Should have doubled up on them because the mashed potatoes sucked...like really sucked even the "gravy" on top. The pasta was good! A few dashes of salt and we were good to go!  
    Overall it was a good experience with nice staff. However, with there being so many restaurants in N.O. this one did not make the list of "We Gotta Come Back Here Next Time." Just good....not great, but worth a try.Holy smokes. This place is tiny bar/pub. When I booked I thought it was a fancy restaurant. Man the food was on point. I couldn't believe what was coming out the kitchen. The shrimp po boy was so big I had to cut it in half & couldn't even bite it because it's HUGE. The chicken wings were delicious & the cornbread & greens were tasty! When I visit Nawlins again, I will for sure be back to enjoy. If you go try the strawberry cider. Yummy!Wow. We had a great lunch here. The menu wasn't overcrowded but the selections were varied Blackened fish ceasar salad, the wings, the portabella sandwich, the quinoa salad, everything we had was awesome. The beer selection is vast. The wine selection isn't huge but all good stuff on the list. Service was perfect.  Thank you Shannon.  Comfortable setting.Stopped here on our late night arrival in NOLA. We live nearby and like to try new spots. Despite the cold demeanor of some of the staff on our arrival, we were delighted with the food and the staff warmed up as time wore on. In particular , the bartender, Shea , is terrific warm and welcoming , we enjoyed talking with her.  Atmosphere is pleasant with old brick walls, well-lit and clean. We are not drinkers but there are creative bar offerings  in addition to a fantastic , unexpectedly creative menu. We were drawn by the oyster dish noted on the menu - buffalo oysters- and then we shared the gulf fish romaine salad. Oh my! Finished with a shared cup of chicken and andouille gumbo spicy and rich roux and wonderful po boy bread thinly sliced on the side. We plan to return with family to sample some of the other menu options since we had a hard time deciding what to eat!
All in all, a wonderful surprise and we will be back!This is my fifth trip to NOLA and my first time at St. Lawrence. I have to say it is my and my family's favorite restaurant, hands down. We have been to all the typical "must go" restaurants here and this is by far our favorite. First off, our waitress was the sweetest girl, giving us her suggestions on what to order. We started with the Mac n' cheese (not sure why she asked if we wanted bacon on it..who wouldn't) and also the onion rings. Both were delicious . Between the four of us we ordered the Hanger Steak Madiera, Red Beans and Rice, Buffalo Chicken and Shrimp PO boy. All of us were completely satisfied and satiated with our meals. We topped it off with the chocolate and walnut bread pudding served with rum sauce, pure decadence. And let's not forget their fabulous frozen drinks...Blueberry Basil Gimlet and Pims Cup! I highly recommend everyone stop in here for a bite, you will not be disappointed!My friend and I stumbled upon this spot on Saturday, and had an amazing meal.  We were so hungry that we over ordered, but everything was so delicious that we stayed until we could finish our food. It has a cool relaxed vibe and our waitress was a sweetheart. I highly recommend!Had great service at the bar from Casha and Trace... really good beer selection and some good foodNo question the very best collard greens I've ever had. They were a little spicy, seasoned with bay leaves and something else- cumin, maybe? Couldn't place the spice but they were amazing!!
The fried chicken- crispy and fresh. Mac-n-cheese was comforting, warm and flavorful. 
The staff were friendly and accommodating. A great stop in Nola.Visiting from South Florida and unexpectedly came across this place after another recommendation was closed (The Crescent City Brewhouse is closed after 10pm during the week), and to be honest, I couldn't have been happier.
The service was great, the food selection was local (veggies and grass fed beef), and an awesome selection of craft beer. I had the LA 31 Pale Ale and the Lazy Magnolia (from Mississippi). I'd be happy to return and send others their way.Came here during my first visit to New Orleans about a year and a half back.  We were staying at a nearby hotel and would always pass this place when heading down to the French quarter to take in all the sights (& sounds!) the 'big easy' has to offer.  My cousin, who attends LSU came to visit us one night and when we were mulling over where to go for dinner, the place with the interesting sign offering 'divine food until 2am' became our choice.  My cousin, notoriously picky ordered the fried chicken and two diff types of potatoes. I forget exactly what my girlfriend had.  I ordered Shrimp and grits for the first time and boy was this the place to do it.  The dish was everything one would expect, savory and creamy with a little bit of eat and huge gulf prawns.  The drinks were also good, inventive and strong if memory serves.  
The only disappointing thing was the lack of gluten-free friendly options.  They were able to 'make it work' when it came to the shrimp & grits, however my options were limited from the beginning.
Next time in NO, I'll be sure to come back to St. Lawrence!This plack rocks. We were walking around the river front area for a little while, and after finally looking at the app for a good 20 minutes, I rounded 12 people to this place. We were able to get seated right away for lunch on a Friday, and our server was super friendly and helpful and gave us all kinds of recommendations for some non-touristy spots to hit later in the weekend. 
I ended up going with the wings and red beans and rice. The server said they were the best wings she's ever had, so that pretty much persuaded me within a second. I can't say if they were the best I've ever had, but those were some damn good wings. The Crystal hot sauce pepper glaze stick and sweet with a nice kick to it, and while it wasn't super hot, the flavor was spot on. 
The red beans and rice were great as well. A classic New Orleans dish, you won't be disappointed with it here. The sausage had nice bite and the rice was cooked to perfection. I will say that the cornbread that comes with this is just plain bad. It was the only thing I didn't like during the meal, but it was just really dry and bad. I tried breaking off a piece for someone at the table, and it basically exploded everywhere.
Everyone at the table seemed to really enjoy their food. Half the table got the burger with a spicy BBQ sauce on it, and my buddy said it was the best burger he's ever had. He actually wouldn't shut up about it for the rest of the trip.
If you're down anywhere near N. Peters and are looking for a cool spot that isn't crazy busy, then you should check out this spot. There's an awesome beer selection, great food, and really cool servers. You won't be disappointed.Excellent food and service!  Establishment and staff are clean and friendly.  All around the best food we have had in NOLA!  Bloody Mary's are fantastic!Friendly server, great food and great beer. Went in for lunch on a rainy afternoon. Server was helpful in choosing great beers for us. Got the crawfish and shrimp pasta, hubby who doesn't like pasta loved this dish.My sister and I ended up coming in here three times over our three day visit. The food is delicious and the drinks are top notch. The staff is friendly and personable. It's just a nice comfy place to hang out. Highly recommend.I'm glad I found this place for some late-night dinner. Is the food going to blow you away? Probably not. But it was very tasty (I had the crab burger) and the menu has enough variety to please pretty much anyone. It was the perfect place for my introduction to the city. Friendly staff, local flavors, stress-free atmosphere with music in the background.
Oh! Please order their artichoke dip. It was one of the best artichoke dip I've tried for sure.The food was delicious! The service was efficient and made things so easy for us... we were a group of 7, and we ordered several fried chicken (with mashed potatoes and greens, as well as red beans and rice as well as a shrimp Po-Boy and drinks. At the end of the meal, the waiter handed us individual bills! We didn't even have to ask... we give this place 5 stars.I don't know if its just the fact that I go to Saint Lawrence on the weekends or if I'm just going at a hot time, but the service is always a little wonky and slow. They have great cocktails and my favorite is the Pimm's Cup. The food is also very tasty and I like the southern/soulful inspiration. I would not recommend the place for big groups, but for a party of 4 or less, I think its perfect.The gumbo was not completely authentic. The chicken looked pre cooked and the sausage was just ok. The rue was really thick but tasty but i didn't eat it all because it didn't taste or look completely authentic. My friend had the oysters and said they weren't that tasty. 
The food gets 2 stars But it does have a great ambiance and nice feels. And good drinks!Pimms cup was fantastic!  I had 2 smalls should have just ordered the large.  We had the Fried Chicken. It was good. If you have ever eaten at Babes in Roanoke TX in DFW its not as good.  babes is the best!  But if you have not had Souther fried chicken it was very good.  The bacon cheddar jalapeño burger was very good and large.  The wings were very yummy!  The jelly sauce on them were spicy and sweet.Seriously one of the best meals of my life. We dined hear during the rock n roll half marathon, on March 29. First off, the cocktails were amazing.  We each had 2 different ones (6 altogether) and loved them all. Yum.
I had the special of the day, grits and grillades, it was fantastic. I've never had it before and wanted to go traditional NoLa. The spice was perfect with the creaminess/cheesiness of the grits. 
We all loved our meals and cocktails, just wish they had more of a dessert menu.  They only had one that didn't sound too appealing. We will definitely go back next time we're in town.The food was great. Gastro pub with fancy yet edible food and expansive beer and wine selection. Great meet for a date that is informal yet nice and fun. Right by Canal Place and great location on Decatur. Be a saint and go here (see what I did there). Holy smokes!This place is unreal. I had high hopes based on the reviews I saw. I guess the food is subpar when you order it to go??!! I ordered the "pecan crusted" Gulf fish with mashed potatoes and gravy (which is supposed to be amazing) and brussel sprouts. I was starving having been on the road for hours, so I ate a little bit look at this nonsense (see photo)! My husband paid $26 in an Uber to get there and get the food + the cost of the food 
The mashed potatoes literally had ZERO seasoning or cream, just boiled mashed potatoes in a styrofoam container...seriously??
They cooked the fish so long the thinner parts were like hard plastic, completely inedible. This was the most dry piece of fish I've ever had. We were not about to pay to go back or wait 25 minutes to get our car from the valet just go back and get the gravy they forgot. Brussel sprouts were drowning in some mayonnaise based sauce...gross. 
Never again! Will never ever eat at this place again. The management should be ashamed of putting food out like this.Great place to stop for a bite. I had a delicious burger, skipped the fries and got a salad (delish!) which was no problem fr them. My friend had the shrimp and grits which was also fantastic. Great service, cute place.God awful service. I don't care if it's Mardi Gras or not. 
It should not take me 5 times to tell the server what I wanted to order. Which was easy, their signature chicken and some gumbo. 
The waiter was obviously drunk. 
NEVER coming here again. 
Absolutely ridiculous. 
Ended up leaving. 
If I can give this place zero stars, I would.burger rated in my top 5 burgers in the usa. just awesome. the onion rings are awesome as well. my other half had the hash and it was awesome too. prices are about $15 so might be pricy for most but they are serving food until 2am.Had dinner at St Lawrence last night.  Everything looks good, all dishes sound good.  Unfortunately, nothing we ordered tasted good.  In fact, there was very little taste at all -- very bland.  The scattered and smothered was surprisingly tasteless, the buffalo oysters were underwhelming, the mac and cheese tasted like green onions and nothing like mac & cheese, and so on,
We were very disappointed because we really wanted to like this place.  It's obviously overpriced for the good we were served and I couldn't recommend it based on our experience last night, nor will we return.Odd place. They don't want to turn the tv to sports. It plays black and white movies. The fried chicken is their claim to fame and the waiter said it was delicious. Definitely not! It has an odd almost fish water taste to it.Oh my god I saw a mouse!!!!!!!! It was SOOOOOOO cute :) but they didn't have wifi 4.5 starsFinally stopped by this place after a movie at Canal Place. I really liked the feel of the place, the brick walls, the stained wood ceiling joists etc. And it was nice and quiet, a perfect palce to have a converations with friends.  We had some wine and pate or mousse actually. It was homemade and very good. The wine list is weak. The wine was decent but no real selection. Beer and cocktails looked good. I will def be back.St. Lawrence is the perfect neighborhood bar, even though it's in the French Quarter. This place is perfect to make it a local hangout spot, and is the perfect place for tourists. The drinks are always good, and poured correctly, there's a nice assortment of beers on tap, 0bottled, and the food is amazing! 
So, my main admiration about St. Lawrence is the food! It is 100% amazing. Sure, the pictures and menu both made my mouth water, but actually eating the food, made me fall in love, as I was not expecting much, as bar food was concerned. Everything here is worthy of writing home about. 
While I do have strifes about their daiquiri machine always being broken, not a rotation of daiquiri flavors, and their happy hour menu can be encompassing of more mixed drinks and cocktails, St. Lawrence is one of the best everyday, neighborhood bars in the city. It's a cant miss for visitors and should be staple for locals.Let me start by saying that I actually work in the service industry in Austin, TX....We have large events all of the time and switch gears to ensure service is still great despite the rush from thousands of people flying in for events like SXSW for example. I've seen it all - Chef's quitting  day of an event, servers no show or show late, you name it. So I tend to cut every restaurant where I dine a little slack because I understand what most patrons don't. And yet, never...in my life...have I experienced what I did at this restaurant.
My friends and I were in town for Wrestlemania and were looking for a restaurant that stayed open late after the event (other than Willie's LOL). So we looked up this place, saw that it had great reviews and stayed open until 2am. I'll also mention that this is my 3rd time in NOLA - 2nd time specifically for Wrestlemania - none of my other restaurant experiences during the same event with the same rush were even close to this. Even when we had a grumpy server, the food would still be AMAZING. So this...was rough...
1. Although we were greeted by our waiter, we waited 15 minutes after being seated for him to provide us with any service - water, drinks, taking food orders, or even clearing off the table.
2. A woman appearing to be the restaurant "manager" cleared off half of the table and left - who the heck cleans a table by wiping literally half of it off?
3. This "manager" did inform us AFTER wiping half the table and getting our orders that the food would take 45 minutes to cook due to one server quitting.....We didn't get our food until about 1.5 hours later. So to be clear, so far, we'd spent 1.5-2 hours in this place before getting any food and one glass of water.
4. One of the ladies in our group was pregnant. We informed our server of this while he took our orders to ensure that the burger she had was cooked well done. Instead, of being cooked well done, they burnt the heck out of it. Since she didn't want a full burger, I split half of it with her. I took 2 bites and tasted so much burnt meat that I had the aftertaste of a grill in my mouth. It was ridiculous. In the meantime, she ate the fries and attempted to take one bite of the burger and couldn't eat any more of it.
5. We informed the "manager". She took away the food - no apology. She asked if our friend wanted them to make her another one, but considering how long it took to make everything, there was no point in waiting another hour for another crap burger. Per the chef, they decided to take off the burger from the final bill. The "manager" later sent out 2 brownies as an apology. My husband said it was ok. Everyone else thought it was dry.
6. The chef later came out to apologize for the food coming out late. He clarified that 2 of the kitchen staff had quit, or no-showed or something. So he and one other person were cooking everything. We were empathetic, until he fixed his face to say point #7.
7. When we informed the chef that the burger was burnt, he said "oh really, so I'm guessing that's why you ate half of it already?" Of course this was the most inconsiderate thing he could have possibly said for his own crap food to ANY customer, and especially one who waited 2 hours for food, but to make it worse, this man didn't realize that of the 6 of us, the burnt food was served to our pregnant friend of all people! So, of course, she proceeded to explain that she ate what she could because she'd been sitting there for 2 hours with nothing and was pregnant and was so frustrated tired and hungry that all she could do was eat what she could. After that, any ounce of empathy we had before was now completely gone.
Although the food was basic at best, the biggest issue here was really not the food - it was the atrocious service provided by all staff. Thinking back, after realizing we had literally waited 30 minutes to receive any sort of service, we should have just left and went, Willie's Chicken and called it a night. But we were not informed of the food being expected to take long to cook until AFTER we ordered. So, at that point, we did not think it was worth it to leave.
Honestly, with an issue as bad as 3 staff not showing up, 2 of which were kitchen staff, they should have just closed for the night. But since they didn't the "manager" should have been more up front about how slammed they were and that there was no way that we could get food or any sort of basic attention given the circumstance. We would have understood and left frustrated with the initial experience, but happy we didn't waste more time.
Furthermore, the fact that the chef was so accusatory when we informed him of the burnt food was absolutely unacceptable and unprofessional. It was a BURGER! This was not any sort of special, complicated gourmet dish. It was a basic freaking bacon and cheese burger. Take responsibility and leave it at that.
We'll visit NOLA again soon, but never again will we visit this place - busy season or not.The food is excellent across the board, and since it's located on a tourist-heavy strip of the Quarter, I guess it's no surprise that it's also overpriced across the board. Cocktails are great, and the atmosphere is a nice contrast to the gross Nicki-Minaj-blasting-plastic-cup-serving daiquiri joints in the area. They're usually playing nice alternative music at a reasonable level, with weird 1940's B-movies on the TV, and lots of lights strung across a beautiful brick wall. Love that they serving food till 2:00 a.m., and if everything was three dollars cheaper it'd be a full five-stars.Everything here was so good including Shea's waitressing and her cute little sidekick. We got the chicken with collards and mashed potatoes and it was seriously amazing. She's even found maple syrup for us!This was a pleasant surprise dinner while visiting NOLA. It was a local gem with a bit of the old city atmosphere charm. We hit happy hour and had dinner.  I chose the red beans and rice with collards while my husband selected a burger with onion rings. For the price the food was fantastic, service was impeccable, and the friendliness gets 5 stars. We will be back on our next visit.The location was a nice stroll from our Canal Street hotel. The place had a cool vibe...front doors wide open (whole front of restaurant) and really friendly service. We were having snacks, waiting for the parade to end. The Crispy Confit Wings had a delicious sauce but could have been a little bit meatier. The Smothered and Covered is the perfect post-drinking bar food. Delicious...loved...order the today. As a tourist, I had to order a Pimms; it was good too.This is a great find! Gastropub with old movies and an amazing Bartender named Tracy.
I'd give 5 stars!Hit and Miss. Visited this late night spot twice in consecutive nights since we were staying nearby in the Westin Canal Place. The first night we had fantastic fried chicken, friendly service and good beer. But tonight we were served stale soggy chips and queso dip along with tasty Mac & Cheese by a disinterested bartender. Had to remind her about our drink order a couple times. When she noticed the barely touched chips, she offered to not charge for the chips/dip but charged us anyway. Even after reminding her we were charged. So I paid the $.$$ for bad, uneaten food, but we will not be back again. Too bad, the place has a nice vibe, prime location, decent beer and great fried chicken. Walk a few blocks to Crescent City Brew house for great beer, food and service.A nice lump crab meat mozzarella tomatoes salad and great fried chicken with collards and mash potatoes with Tasso gravy ! Grits with pulled art pork and eggs special was a nice treat ! Great service friendly staff even at 11:45pm !We came in as a group. Ordered everything from the ahi special to Po boy to burgers to drinks - everything was awesome. Definitely worth it. Laid back vibe. The server steered us in the right direction with every order. 
The A/C could have been a little colder, but that was our only issue.We had the best time here. Coming from out of town, Trace and Shea were fantastic. We got a recommendation from a local to come here and we were not disappointed.If you love healthy and delicious food and are fed up with the expensive "fried fish" (70% fried, 30% fish) that everybody in the French Quarter offers (I call these places "tourist traps"), stop by St.Lawrence and try the grilled fish with grilled romaine salad. My fish had to wait, since I couldn't stop eating the lettuce. (And no, I'm not one of these super healthy people who only drink their food in form of green shakes; nor do I feel the need to exercise excessively every day. In fact, I am a chocolate addict.) That's how amazing it was. They also have a bar with lots of cocktails and drinks, as well, and you are only 5 min. walking distance from either the quiet river promenade or Bourbon St. (whichever you prefer). Price for 2 people around $ 50. Will definitely go there again and I already know what to order.This place was great!  Stopped by on a Sunday afternoon.  The waitress who assisted me was very friendly and helpful.  The restaurant had a great beer selection and my meal (quinoa pilaf) was fantastic.  I had forgotten to ask to have chicken added on to it but as it was served (very quickly) it was excellent!  A little shot of spicy mustard or black pepper might have perfected it but it was still great as is!  The location is nice, as well, as it wasn't too busy but busy enough to make for a great atmosphere.  I will definitely be back to this restaurant on future visitsDelicious cocktails and the Fried Red Fish with Brussels sprouts and crawfish beignets is delicious! I had their winter sangria.A beacon of gourmet delight in the otherwise lean streets of New Orleans, this narrow bolthole (named after the patron saint of chefs) is offering discerning visitors respite among the daiquiri and gift shops of Upper Decatur. It's bar food, but not as we know it, with even basics such as wings being delivered in a homey pepper glaze and burgers that promise a 'three-bird trinity'. Chef Caleb Cook is offering you a simple but thoughtful interpretation of bar classics, and the pleasingly crumbly décor and pseudo-religious local artwork all come together nicely. Redemption is here. Believe.Good late night spot that has quality. Had the burger which was great. Onion rings were decent as well. Fried buffalo oysters were decent. Awesome beer listThis is a very nice gastro pub with an excellent variety to their menu and very good service. It's a smallish place so be sure to get a reservation if you can. 
Huge variety of beers, wines, and cocktails. The Pimm's cup is their signature drink and it was very good. 
The Buffalo Oysters were ridiculously good but the the plate only comes with 5
Mac and cheese was outstanding with the added crawfish
As far as the main dishes, the fried chicken and shrimp Po Boy were just right. Good breading, tasty flavor, and cooked just right. 
Service was spot on all night.  Very attentive and friendly.This bar's food is like finding a twenty dollar bill in your jeans after the wash. Great apps - had the gumbo and the crispy dumplings are to die forMy friend and I stopped here for appetizers and drinks.  Let's start with the drink menu - AWESOME! There was a great wine selection and extensive beer menu. The food was great. I suggest the pepper jelly wings. They were a very unexpected surprise. Sweet and spicy but not too much, they were just great. I'd go back a few more times for sure.Great late night food in the quarter. Just to be sure it wasn't a drunken late night palate skewing things, I went back for lunch. The Andouille and pepper hash and eggs bursts with flavor.  Looking forward to trying more off the menu next time.Hidden gem in Nola. Went for the fried chicken and it did not disappoint. Also ordered the mac and cheese for the table (with bacon, duh) and was amazing. Friendly staff with a great bar/restaurant vibe.I really liked this spot. I love the fact that you can get really great food even though it was late. I really enjoyed the Catfish, potato salad & hushpuppies. It was just enough food so that I didn't have leftovers, since we were headed on a bar crawl. I had the most perfect drink here. I believe with was called "St. Lawrence" it was hands down the best cocktail I had all weekend. I love the decor. The art, the lighting, it was really laid back & not pretentious. Our server was very helpful.  I must come back & try the Pimm's Cup Daiquiri that everyone here is raving about & that yummy looking fried chicken too !Food was impeccable. Ordered the Shiitake Burger with Onion Rings. The beef was cooked perfectly and it was one of the best burgers I've had in my 30 years. Also tried the Mac and Cheese, it was a local favorite, and didn't make any mistakes there. We ended up taking the rest home. Also, if they have it try the Southern Prohibition IPA, it was great with little-to-no hoppy aftertaste. Overall, easily 5 Stars.