I do not like to write bad reviews but this place was disappointing.  We celebrated a bachelorette party, they reported they could accommodate all of us but they were not very friendly with our party.  The food was mediocre.  Drinks were ok.  Staff unfriendly.This place was recommended to us by a local of all people, so we were surprised at what a bad experience it ended up being overall. Everything from the odd red lighting at dinner service to the loud hip hop music to the horrible wait staff just had us totally bummed out. We came in for dinner at around 630 at night and the place was close to empty, so we were shocked when it took over an hour for us to get our food. Then, the waiter forgot one of our meals. The food itself was just mediocre at best. We had the chargrilled oysters and the crawfish platter. There's nothing to rave about either. The crawfish were tiny and very bland. I guess we should have known better than to come to a bar owned but not visited by Channing Tatum in the busiest tourist trap of New Orleans.10/10 would recommend. I had the blackened fish and grits and crawfish platter and all was perfection. I have no idea how this place doesn't have better yelp reviews; there's a stripper pole here for God sakes. That should give them a 4/5 minimum, right off the bat.The bar is swanky unlike any other bar on the strip. When we came in there was a party of say five and no one else there until we walked in and then four more people walked in. Our bartender was so caught up taking shots with that party that she couldn't give anyone else her undivided attention. We tried getting her attention , she gave them free shots and still ten minutes later we were waiting for her attention - not only us but everyone else that walked in behind us. Finally we yelled out "excuse me, drink here please" .. She rolled her eyes / looked at the party of five like she was so bothered and appalled at the fact that she had to tend to other customers said "wooww" and then decided to come and say "what do you want?" .. Sorry but I can go to a bar next door and next door after that with 30 more customers than this establishment and get better service. Sorry we interrupted your party miss. Never coming backThis place was deelish. We had the chargrilled oysters and red beans and rice were out of this world. So far the best in NOLA. Kianna was our server and she was excellent. Our drinks were never empty and she was very friendly and knowledgeable...highly recommend!!The food was amazing! No complaints on any of the food, only praise. The service was not even close to great. Super slow and inattentive. The ladies bathrooms were disgusting and all clogged.So I was not impressed at all. I loved the decor of the bar but that's about it. I got 4 drinks for me and my friends..... It cost me $60. I watched her make the drinks... The liquor content was probably an eighth of the drink. I'm a bartender and I know how much liquor goes into an average drink... Especially when they're so expensive! The music was fun but extremely too loud! For a bar that has Channing Tatum's influence all over it, is obviously going to be busy. You would think they would have appropriate bathroom accommodations. There was one men's room and one women's room, both single stalls. I literally waited 20 minutes to use the restroom. My fiancé waited 45 minutes. Needless to say this bar is not going to be at the top of my list next time I go to bourbon stAwesome bar and restaurant on bourbon street. Great drinks. Awesome crawfish.
If you want the fun of bourbon street without the messiness this is your place. 
Crawfish were steamed to perfection. 
Bread pudding very good and huge serving 
Friendly professional staff.Solo trip to NOLA! Stop here my second night in town due to powerful lightening storm that drove us from dancing in the street to dancing in Saints & Sinners, the irony of the entire trip...a house turned club full of gyrating people soak and wet from the rain.
There is a wrap porch that has stair leading to the upstairs but we didn't venture due to rain. The DJ was great that night, I appreciate the video [or a visual] of the song playing - I don't watch videos often so this helped my swag a lot lol.
First place in NOLA that played decent music and didn't look like every other location along the French QuarterThe food and drinks were amazing. We had the crawfish boil and shrimp po boy. No complaints!!I've been here before and it was good; this time it was even better! Our server David was hilarious and gave us the five star treatment. He offered several options as well as recommendations which were devine! We left feeling satisfied, entertained, and like celebritiesMore for the fans than the food, husband said crawfish pie was great, my jambalaya was just ok.DAVID is amazing! He gives great advice in the menu and the area! Food was perfection! Loved atmsophere.My boyfriend and I were so happy to find this place because they seem to be the only place in New Orleans right now that has crawfish since it's out of season. My boyfriend ordered the crawfish boil and I ordered beef sliders and Mac n cheese appetizer. The crawfish came out within 10 minutes. I literally sat there waiting for my food for the next 31 minutes. My boyfriend had one piece of corn left by the time my food came out. I watched him eat and then he got to watch me eat. Crazy. The food was decent otherwise and the servers were friendly. It is actually a nice restaurant.  It feels classier than the regular spots on Bourbon street. When I asked about the delay, I was told there was only one cook doing the actual cooking.Not great.
Looks cheaply done.
The bathroom doors are falling off the rollers they are on. 
Just stopped for a beer.
Being that it's C Tatum's I expected a lot more. 
No good.Came here a couple days ago with my brother and the both of us had a wonderful experience. The crawfish pie is to die for -- make sure to order at least two! The staff were extremely accommodating and very nice. We were greeted at the door by a tall fellow, who I believe is one of the managers -- great guy! Look forward to coming back here.I booked the restaurant ahead of time because I am meeting up with my sister whom I have not seen for 8 years in NOLA. I thought this would be a special restaurant.  Traveling all the way from San francisco  was a long time and all you need is a  nice cold daiquiris and a fresh  local food which why I chosen Saints and Sinners and the fact that it is  partly owned by  Magic Mike himself Channing Tatum would be more special. We were a little disappointed actually about the food, it was a little too salty and cold.  It took  time for the waitress to get our orders and it wasn't  busy at all. I would rather go to OCEANA GRILL at  739 Conti St. French Quarter you would definitely enjoy the food and the service there. I love Magic Mike but not his food. Sorry!!!Good place for a team dinner.  Prices are reasonable and the food quality is great!  Try alligator for app - and it's made from gator loin meat - so is tender and delicious! Also good is the deconstructed crawfish pie. For entree, I suggest gumbo or the shrimp n grits.  And, if you can get a cup...you gotta try the shrimp & crawfish bisque (only limited availability).  Chef RJ and sous chef, Tori, are incredible.  The waitstaff, Jake especially, is fantastic.  And RJ and bartender, Josh, can concoct a specialty drink, Ahi Martini (yes, you heard me!).  Signature drinks include both Saint & Sinner (personally I am sinner fave).My girl kami is top notch waitress in Nola. Food was great and service is even better! If you ever find yourself on bourbon street make your way to saints and sinners for great oysters and crawfish!Great atmosphere and awesome food.  The crawfish pie is delicious!!!! Servers are very attentive. Loved the decor too. A must go to if you're exploring bourbon street.Terrence and David are what kept us here all afternoon. Seriously - the best entertainment on Bourbon!! The banter between these two kept me laughing all day. I'll come back to see these two for sure!Rating is based purely on customer service as we didn't get to experience anything else (see below).
My partner and I went to Saints and Sinners at about 6pm on a Wednesday. My partner was excited to go because it was 'Channing Tatums' bar and appeared nice on the outside. We walked in to the entrance and were advised by the person behind the bar 'someone will be with you shortly' note: (she wasn't doing anything except for wiping an empty table top). I would guess the place had about 20-30 people in it (10 tables) so not even half full. We stood at the entrance like idiots for a couple of minutes with 2-3 staff walking past us and literally appeared to ignore us as if it was someone else's problem. We were angry but decided to give them a minute (about 5 in total) and didn't even get a 'sorry for the wait, someone is coming'. Eventually we walked out disgusted at the horrendous service. If I could give 0/5 I would..... Sort your bar at Channing you ridiculously muscly human being!Came in for a nice bachelor party meal. It took 2 hours and 40 minutes for our last plate to arrive to the table and over half of the orders were incorrect. Literally THE WORST experience any of the people in our party have had at a restaurant.  Waste of time and money. Why would a well known celeb attach his name to an establishment that is in this much in disarray.This place was amazing!!! We sat at the bar, and the bartender was very helpful. We got the crawfish, mac and cheese balls, and cheese fries. Everything was flavorful and amazing. The staff was just the best, and he even gave more recommendations of must do's in the city. I will definitely return if I am ever back in the city, and it will be one of my top recommendations for my friends visiting bourbon street :)We enjoyed our night immensely!!!! We were treated to special treatment for our parade viewing enjoyment- they moved us a table right front and center and the manager even came out to be sure we enjoyed our location and food. She was lovely. The chargrilled oysters were the very best we had our entire trip and that cinnamon/ cherry drink is such a surprising treat. My only complaint is that Channing wasn't there for us to oogle... Oh well, maybe next time! (Throwing beads from the balcony was the highlight of our trip. I haven't laughed so much since I was a kid. So so so fun!)Garbage!!!!!
If you don't know the owners!!!
Don't come here!!! 
It's so rude it's crazy!!! Too busy having fun with here friends at the end of the bar. The service is non ex sites tent. 
They are too busy to serve here !!!3.5 stars for your place, Mr. Channing Tatum!
We came here for one thing: crawfish boil. They definitely know how to reel you in with their setup right in front of the restaurant/bar. We came in around 5:30, and there was no wait. The place was pretty empty, which was actually pretty pleasant because it was a nice break from the craziness of Bourbon St. We ordered the homemade crawfish pie and the crawfish platter, which consisted of one and a half pounds of crawfish at the market price, corn, potatoes, and andouille sausages. 
[Crawfish pie]
This was listed under appetizers and shared plates, but I ended up eating basically the entire thing by myself because it was sinfully delicious, and I ended up eating about 95% of the dish before my boyfriend got to have a bite. The creamy risotto rice with melted cheese and a generous amount of crawfish was rich and so flavorful. Topped with two flakey puff pastries, I honestly had no choice but to devour it all on my own without sharing. 
[Crawfish platter]
I was too busy eating the crawfish pie to eat much from the crawfish platter. My boyfriend basically ate the majority of the crawfish along with everything in the platter on his own haha and he very much enjoyed it. I did manage to eat a few crawfish, and I thought the seasoning was just okay. It was nothing that stood out. I personally thought they overdid it with the pepper because the pepper taste was a bit overwhelming; I would've liked a little more flavor of the other spices used to come through. 
Overall, a decent place on Bourbon St. to grab a bite or drink. It seems like it'd be a pretty fun time at night once it turns into more of a party zone!This place sits back slightly with the courtyard eating area in the front so unless you know it's there you just might miss it.  I'm sure I've passed it myself plenty of times but never knew about it.  Pretty cool place.  I had the Voodoo drink.  It was pretty good.  So was the crawfish pasta.  There was a baked crawfish mac and cheese but it was pretty dry.  Great balcony and ambiance.  I'll definitely be back!The service in the beginning wasn't that great, but they quickly made up for it. Food is amazing! We'd definitely come back!Thumbs up to my crew on Monday night,  the 16th. You all were working as a team, busting your humps, killing it! Service was fantastic because of you 3 guys. Food was excellent! Your personalities were friendly and patient despite the obstacles of call outs. Loved the atmosphere, but only because you all made it exceptional! Channing, pay attention. You have an excellent crew here. They were working their butts off, and never once did service suffer. I'll only come back or recommend this place because of my visit on this night. I was here 2 years ago, and it didn't seem so stressed. Food was good then, but I  don't remember shit about service.We came here after I observed the boiled crawfish sign on the street. I split this dish with friends and also had some gumbo. The gumbo was spicy and very good. The crawfish was decent but average. The thing I didn't like was that they started clearing out our floor for when it becomes a bar. Definitely made us feel like we needed to wrap up soon. I don't know that I would return over other places in NO.Very poor service. We were there 40 minutes. We got a menu and beer. Ready to order and get more beer. Never came back around. 2 girls came in after us and got food and 2 beers each. Just horrible and pathetic as lady walked by us at least 5 times and never bothered to ask us if we were ready. Would never recommend this dump. I'd rather give it 0 stars. Worst experience of my life.Channing Tatum was not there lol.
We stopped in for dinner with no reservations and they were happy to serve us, even with the kitchen closing in 30 minutes.  The food came out quickly and the music was turned up so loud.  The oysters were huge and fresh.  Service was good and the prices are great. 
We returned the next night as we were walking Bourbon St.  The bouncer got my group of 8 girls a free round of shots.  Otherwise, drinks are strong and reasonably priced but again the music was SO loud, it sounded bad and I couldn't think.  They are gonna blow a speaker and ear drum any day now. 
Overall, a great place on Bourbon.I came out here for my friend's bachelorette weekend and we invested in bottle service. THE WORST IDEA EVER. I should have gotten the hint when it took them ONE MONTH to reply back to me via email. I had to reach out to them multiple times before I got any responses. When we got there, the workers we encountered were nice but the set up for bottle service is ridiculous. You get stuck in the back of the place cut off from everyone else. Someone had called me earlier and asked us what juices we wanted with our vodka and when we get there, they provided nothing we mentioned. Why even give me a call if you're going to get it wrong?! We were in our area and we were told that people with wristbands were allowed to come in our area which I particularly didn't care for. Of course, it happen to be the weirdos that came in the area so I was very put off by that. I just did not appreciate the set up of the bottle service. If I am going to pay a high amount for a 30.00 bottle of alcohol, at least make it worth while. Terrible.In town for work and got some crawfish, good bang for your buck!! Great atmosphere good food! David took care of us from start to finish and gave us some pointers for around town. Thanks David!Soooo good! Try the crawfish pie! Amazing!!! Our servers were awesome! Manny and Lindsey were so attentive and helpful. I am coming back here everytime I come to New Orleans!My friends and I discovered this great find yesterday while in New Orleans for the OU game. Great food and drinks - mimosas were on point. Was a tad busy with only a few servers but worth the wait.This place is very nice . Alligator tail was absolutely tasteful. Dave the waiter was very helpful and nice and made me laugh quite some times Food didn't take forever and staff was very nice and courteous. Trust me when I say you need to dine  hereThis was ok - it was pretty low key for a Friday night on bourbon street so I should've known better. The food was ok. The servers were very friendly and cool though and for the most part were really on it so I didn't have the experience at all that others have complained about here. We got the crawfish (good) and fried gator (not good).The cheese kurds pulled us in but this place was such an awesome find on Bourbon St! We added the grown-up Mac and cheese and catfish po'boy and were not disappointed! The music, relaxed atmosphere and head waiter David were absolutely fantastic and made our stop at Saints and Sinners one of our favorite stops in New Orleans!First time in Nola and went to this bar solely because Channing Tatum owns it. 
Dear Channing,
The people who manage and/or work in your bar suck! We were super stoked to go there and it was such a disappointment. We were literally the ONLY ones in your bar Thursday night and it was like we were bothering the staff for being there. We had one drink and left. I wouldn't recommend your bar to anyone.We sat on the sidewalk terrace and watched the flotsam and jetsam of bourbon street roll past.  It was an entertaining way to spend a couple of hours in the early evening.  The drinks were pretty good, the apps (oysters and wings) we had were surprisingly tasty and the service was attentive.  Would recommend for a spot of "people" watching.  .We got seated and menus quickly. Hardly anyone in the place . Waited 15 minutes and never got a drink order taken. There were staff all over the place, but they were not all that interested in waiting on us.... Took out $ elsewhere.I absolutely love the place. I've been a regular for several months. I saw the place before the remodel and name change. The staff is always wonderful as well as the food. I've tried several menu items including the cheese curds, alligator bites. The salads are very customizable. Entree items I've had we're grilled shrimp , ribeye steaks, jambalaya and étouffée. The dessert red velvet cake is to die for. There are two full bars, one upstairs and one downstairs with very drink educated bartenders On weekends they host a burlesque show that goes with the Storyville theme of the place. Speaking to the staff there are plenty more things to come in the future. I personally cannot wait to see them flourish. It's only been opened for a month now but it is great.My husband and I are 20-something foodies from California, and we just got back from an incredible weekend in our favorite vacation spot, NOLA. Saints & Sinners was definitely a highlight of our trip. We went back three times in for days (which is something I rarely ever do)! This place was a classed-up haven on Bourbon Street, with live crawfish boiling street-side and the irresistible aroma of smoked meat wafting from the front porch. 
The ambiance was upscale, the decor was super sexy, the bartenders and servers (Cheyenne, Steve, and Joe) were personable and great to talk to, the food was tasty, and the service was timely. We got the pleasure of meeting and talking with one of the owners, Kurtz, who clearly took a lot of pride in this place and seemed to run a very tight ship. 
We had the crawfish, which were super flavorful--best I've had; the crawfish pie (OMG SOOOO good!); and the chargrilled oysters, which were worlds better than those at the famous Acme Oyster House (where you'll stand in line forever to get a seat).
I understand this place turns into a club after the dinner crowd. We didn't get to experience the club, sadly, but we checked out the club space earlier in the day and it all looked damn sexy to me! Especially for a spot on Bourbon.  We'll definitely be back to enjoy a club night there (and try more of their fabulous menu).
If you're looking for a really good Louisianan meal on Bourbon St., or a more sophisticated bar (or club) atmosphere--or both--this is your place.We could not resist the lure of boiled crawfish, especially as they are out of season. We were very excited as we watched the trays of nice sized mudbugs go by.
However, just a few tails in and we were thoroughly disappointed. They were awful to peel. They fell into little pieces, were super dry and over salted.
In addition to the food, the service was awful. Our waitress only came by to take our order and drop off our food. The restaurant wasn't even very busy. We ended up having to ask other employees to find our waitress for more napkins, drink refills and eventually the bill. 
In contrast to its poor function as a restaurant, it is an AMAZING club at night. The DJs are always playing great music, the crowd and bouncers are beautiful, and they do a great job keeping overly drunk people out of the club.
I would never eat there food again, but I intend to party there as often as possible!This place is an absolute mess. Service was disorganized and terrible. The menu is small and very meat heavy and unfortunately one of the dishes I actually wanted was not available. We had the fried shrimp which was one of most poorly executed dishes I have seen in a while. It tasted okay but it looked like fried shrimp from the freezer. Beautiful space and I thought it had potential but my recommendation is absolutely no to this place.Welp I do not even write reviews, but I felt like I had to for this one, I love Channing and I am a big movie person, have gone to other celebrity owned restaurants and I have to say I was expecting more. STAY AWAY, unless you are shit faced and want more booze or don't care for the food. 
We sat down on a Friday night, I have to say 5-6pm before our ghost tour. We sat at the bar and what caught my eye was the decor, it was pretty empty I must say. The bartender recommended one of the top speciality cocktails, which was delicious, then we decided in the cheese Kurtz and the red velvet cake, while doing so A COCKROACH climbed around my arm and around my drink on the bar counter, I instantly got freaked and bugged out. The bartenders were right in front of me and I'm not sure how they didn't see it or maybe chose to ignore it. The service was horrible we sat pretty much quiet, bartenders didn't talk or were social. When the food came out we gave it another try. Then I'm not sure if it was the same COCKROACH but it came around our plate again, and I was instantly disgusted. BAD SERVICE AND COCKROACHES!! not to mention the red velvet cake was frozen and pure sugar. I wish I could say anything else bc I hate the fact that this happened. So disappointed ! Never again.Excuse me, flew all the way here to see Channing but where was he?? Least I can say I've been to his bar! Very friendly staff and awesome customer service. Stopped by mid-day for a drink and some appetizers. Got the Sinner and it was good. Great bar, and plenty of TVs. Prob great place to watch a Saints game! Interesting pole room; didn't get a chance to stop by here at night. I don't mind coming back here.We are only in town a few days and have a busy schedule so we stopped by on a Wednesday night and it was dead, dead, dead even though it was after 11pm so not sure what it would be like on a busy night.
I was super underwhelmed but excited to just be in the presence of Channing's essence! The one super redeeming quality was Lindsay, she was a
Great bartender and gave us tips to the city!Was tasked with coordinating a bachelor party for nearly 20 people in New Orleans and during the evenings, a private venue was the most logical option... From start to finish, Saints & Sinners made the process as easy as possible and in the end made me look like a hero to the entire group. 
The location couldn't be beat and the staff was excellent - both professional and fun! Despite being buffet style (which we elected to do), the food was also fantastic. In short, our groups experience could not have gone better and I am grateful for their service. I would absolutely recommend to anyone organizing a private event to do so here!This place had promise from the street,  good spot for people watching.  We were seated promptly and waited on attentively.  Unfortunately, when our food came, our burgers had cheddar rather than the Swiss cheese we ordered.  Since we had to be somewhere,  we did not send it back.  Overall the food was decent.  When the bill came I realized they charged us a dollar each for the wrong cheese on top of the $10 for the burger. (I realize it's on Bourbon street and you are paying for atmosphere.)  All we got was a "my bad".  Any good service professional would have comped us the cost of the cheese.  I don't know if this was a wait staff or management issue, but either way is poor service.  Finally, when the bill came, the total was $30 with a $1.98 tax giving a total as written on the bill of $32.  This is a computer generated receipt folks,  I know 3 year olds that add better.  I only wonder how much money this business brings in by rounding bills up to the nearest dollar.  I got lucky, and they only tried to rip me off for two cents and two pieces of Swiss cheese.  Beware, or you may not be so lucky, or they may come up with a new scheme.3. Oh you want to know why? The DJ Axe is no compliment to clients. All I wanted was pony and I recognized that others would enjoy it too. Too bad though. It could have been cool if people would have cooperated. Axe- go somewhere else if you want to be a DJ, seriously. That part of the job. - involving the client. Bye.Utterly disappointing!  If you're coming to New Orleans, don't bother coming here. Channing, you need to do a quality control check because this place was not good. I ordered the BBQ shrimp and grits - what a bland dish. My friend ordered the crawfish etouffee and she didn't really care for it either. The gumbo looked like beef stew over rice. What a shame because the menu actually looked good.  Oh yeah, and the service... if mediocre is your standard, that's what you'll get.Crawfish we're over cooked small... could barely get any meat out without falling apart. Manager agreed to 50% off but made  me feel bad. I've had better at a Chinese buffet. Super disappointedScott took the time to explain west coasters how to eat crawfish, without judgement.  Overall good prices for a good experienceHonestly, this place wasn't what I expected it to be. It's very small inside. Although the food was good, the place was really small and something was dripping on me from the ceiling in the back. I asked the waitress to move, but unfortunately all spots were reserved, or the parties were already seated. My party and I decided to move the table up, but I couldn't escape the drip . Thank god nothing got into my food.Great service, Eryionne was a sweetheart. Clean. My caesar salad was delicious- dressing wasn't too runny. My friend had a side salad with shrimp- she loved it. Another friend had a burger- the bread was really thick but she said the burger was good. Mozzarella Sticks are huge!The food is excellent. The ambience is great. I will definitely return and will recommend to everyone.These guys are amazing!!!! 
We showed up for a round of free shots 
They said " we will do you one better" and gave us FREE BOTTLE service. Legit no strings attached. The bouncer (Jamon) proceeded to protect us all night for no charge!!! Eventually we bought some extra shots out of respect and they were so great and prompt! A whole party night for $20 bucks!!!The crawfish and Mac and cheese here is on point! Staff is extremely friendly and the atmosphere is awesome! And Peter, the manager, is the icing on the cake! Amazing!!Ordered shrimp tacos, tortillas were cold and overall the flavor was not so great...   the gumbo was very flavorful.... too flavorful; the people who ordered it didn't like it.  The crawfish was good at best. The corn and sausage not so much - too dry.  Shrimp poboy was not great - the shrimp were tiny popcorn shrimp and not devained. Wouldn't return.I had never been to S&S before the Yelp event last week, mostly because I don't spend a whole lot of time on Bourbon, but it was nice.
The drink special they had was delicious, and the food they served was actually really good as well. I loved the shrimp and tasso pasta. Now that I look at the menu, I see that the dish costs $18. Maybe I should have taken the manager up on the offer when she said I should take some home. ;)
Speaking of the manager, she came around and introduced herself to everyone and she seemed really cool.
I may stop in here if I ever have to be on Bourbon St for whatever reason. The cocktails on the menu sound pretty good.Wow is all I have to say! I had the crawfish platter, it was amazing it was pretty spicy but if you like spicy food it will be perfect. I went with a group of about  11 ppl. Everyone enjoyed their dishes. The service was good, the only problem was that we could not do 11 transactions to pay we could only split the bill 5 ways which was not a problem but we would have liked a heads up so that everyone could prepare. So you just may want to keep that in mind if you are going with a large group. We went at about 8pm and around 9:30/10 the restaurant turned into a club. We stayed for the club and had a great time. I would highly recommend this restaurant!The ambiance is very interesting and different, which i think makes it fun! This alone sets it apart & makes it feel like not just a normal restaurant. 
Our service wasn't the best. The waitress was nice & everything, i think she just got busy. It was just her & a bartender at like 3 on a Thursday so she had about 5 tables at once. So i don't blame her! Our food took a long time to arrive and it seemed strange because my stepdad ordered Crawfish and 3 other tables who got there after us received their crawfish first. Weird. 
About the food: my mom & i ordered the S & S Combo which is a soup & sandwich. We both got the gumbo & the puff pastry sandwich, which were delicious, but the puff pastry fell apart a LOT, like near the end of my sandwich i basically had no bread left to hold it with lol! But it was very good & the gumbo was nice & spicy. The crawfish were small (since they were not in season yet) but suuuuper spicy, including the corn & potatoes in the platter. The sausage with the platter was not that good, nobody at my table liked it much. If you like spicy food & crawfish then you'd love the crawfish here!! 
Our waitress told us that at night they turn the upstairs into a club like thing & i think that would be so fun here!! I would return again not only to eat, but to dance & party as well.Took a couple days off and went to play in New Orleans.  
Came across Saints and Sinners.  You could walk right by it if you didn't know it was there.  Cute little 2 story house.  But, this day they were doing a Crawfish Boil outside.
I had to go in.
It was a Monday so the place was kind of dead but I sat on the patio and ordered a drink and Crawfish boil.  So much food - I began sharing with people walking by.
Friendly people - all having fun.
I am not sure how the service is when the place is busy but I had a wonderful waiter and the bartender even came outside to say hello.
If around Bourbon Street on a Monday you should stop by and check it out.I came to this bar on a Saturday night and it was busy but not too crazy Had a great time. My group even got a free bottle. Only in town for a few days and wanted to try a crawfish bake was the only place around that had one going. It was great and decently priced I would recommend the gator bites. So good. The waitstaff was also super friendly Didn't realize it was the Channing Tatum bar until I read the review on here tonight. Saints and Sinners makes me want to daance https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lbnoG2dsUk0We went to this place only because Channing Tatum owns it. We had horrible service. I've never been to a restaurant where our waitress asks if we want the check before we even finished our meal. Not only that she asked us to sign the bill with tip with her standing there because she wanted to go home. It was 7pm! Channing should either sell this place or hire new staff. It was horrible. If I could give 0 stars I would.Five Stars for this one very important fact:
When crawfish were out of season they had them !
FIVE HUGE STARS !
I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw that SOMEONE was selling crawfish in the Quarter. Right in front of the place, right on Bourbon Street. They said they keep them saved for such a time. Love that !!! I ended up getting three pounds from two different stops here. It's part of what made my trip to NOLA so grand.
Yeah, you rite !While it was hotter than Hades armpit in here... The staff was top notch. We came with a bachelorette party and they were super accommodating. Manny was amazing and hooked us up with VIP bracelets!!! We will definitely be back.Drinks were subpar and the staff was too busy with their friends at the end of the bar plus the place was dead...definitely WOULD NOT recommend!Beautiful restaurant, great food and affordable prices!  The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was pleasant.  Would definitely recommend!Mediocre food and the service was trash. 
If I could give this restaurant zero stars I would. I'm willing to accept that mix ups happen. I'm even willing to accept mediocre lukewarm food if it's what I ordered. But what I can't accept is management that expects the customer to swallow the cost of their mistakes (no pun intended). I placed a fairly large order through UberEATS. One of the bags was mistakenly left behind. When we called the restaurant to find out what happened the initial manager was very kind and offered to remake the food. However, when the general manager got on the phone, he said that he would have the food remade but that we would have to figure out how to get it. He then gave a different account of how the bag was left behind and every time we asked he gave conflicting additional details. Then he said they had the pick up on video if we didn't believe him. 
The moral of this story: the food is mediocre and the service is gutter trash. There are other MUCH better places to eat in New Orleans.I can certainly see the marketing appeal for this place. I mean it's basically beaconing all women in the surrounding Nola radius to try out the Channing Tatum bar and restaurant playground where red velvet walls, playful Victorian scenery, and a dark crimson allure tempt bachelorette party bookings everywhere. The place seemed nice enough, so I could see why this venue sparked a lot of word of mouth around the city. 
The drinks were strong. I got a French 75 that was almost entirely made of gin and not much else. I can't say that it was the best tasting or most authentic French 75 I've ever had, but it sure could get the job done. This place offers some pretty top dollar cocktails mind you. It's certainly no cheap escapade to liquor up at this place.
Since we only came by for a quick check-out and a nibble, we just got the Crawfish Mac 'n Cheese and a cup of gumbo.  For only ordering those two things, I have to say the wait for the food was VERY long. I was trying to pace my drinking for the food to come out and probably waited a good solid 35 minutes. I have to say that their prices aren't cheap. For a $12-14 appetizer, the portion for the Crawfish Mac 'n Cheese was pretty small, about the size of your palm. It didn't have all that much flavor to it either but I won't say it was bad, it just wasn't anything to write home about. Now, their gumbo I thought was way above what I had expected! I always judge a Nola themed menu based on their staple gumbo item. The roux was super dark and flavorful and didn't need any additional spices (and I literally spice everything I eat). So they did that right by me at least. 
I noticed that the back room had velvet curtains with a stripper pole in the middle, no doubt for the notorious Channing Tatum themed bachelorette parties I hear so much about here. Although, unless Channing plans on coming by and serving me himself, I'll probably pass on another dining adventure here unless it's just for a pop in for another loaded cocktail on the way to something else.To begin with, I booked a reservation for dinner and bottle service for a bachelorette months in advance.  About a month out, i received a call from the manager stating that a company bought out the restaurant the same night and they were cancelling our reservation so YES you have to give them a credit card but they are not responsible for keeping your reservation.  He did offer to comp one of our bottles for moving to Friday night so we decided to move as well as take off 10% for dinner.
Beware that their website makes the place look nice and it is anything but nice.  The women's bathroom downstairs is disgusting and they have to pour water in the toilets frequently to get them to flush right...gross (and it is right next to the kitchen).  The food was average...mostly fried.  Our waiter was super nice and helpful but they did not take off the 10% so had to ask about that.  They make you pay bottle service before you receive it.  If you've done bottle service where you have an actual server making your drinks, you will be very disappointed.  In this place they give you a bucket of ice and all your mixers...you don't even get clean ice for your drinks!  The manager was very nice setting up the bottle service and also gave the bride a bachelorette bag (which i can't believe they sell for $25).  
The music is crazy...it is rap where you hear the "N" frequently which is not what you want to hear at a bachelorette...there is no top 40.  We spent most of the night throwing beads off the balcony.  It was an ok experience but not worth the price...i expected a lot more with a place using Channing Tatum's name so lesson learned that he doesn't equate to high quality.First time in New Orleans with the family. We were steered towards Saints and Sinners after asking our hotel where to go for a good family friendly  local meal. The service was great. The food was fantastic. Very filling and flavorful. One of the owners, Charlie, came out and spent some time talking with us and even took the time to write down one of their best recipes down for us. The decor is beautiful. We would love to have a Saint and Sinner in Los Angeles or Pasadena California.  If you get a map from your hotel there is a coupon for a specialty cocktail or martini.Was the first restaurant we went to during our visit to New Orleans. Definitely gives you a good vibe of the city but was, in my opinion, wayyyyy too steep in prices once we realized we could have gotten the same meal somewhere else for a lot less. The crawfish and service was great though. At night it turned into a nightclub which was interesting and a lot of fun.I stumbled upon this place during my bar hopping adventure in the French Quarter.  Reminds me of a ghost house playing Top 40 music and a good crowd.  Very diverse mix of people and plenty of dancing room.  There is also a ladie's only section in front of the bar and an outdoor patio.  S&S also serves up some good food and drinks but I will try that later on another visit.  FYI this place is owned by Channing Tatum.The music here was what we needed...they played hip hop/rap and we were milly rocking, nola clapping and stanking legging to every beat, hitting all the 1's and 2's. Mixed crowd just like the NOLA and the drinks were strong.The name and decor is the best part of this restaurant. The food was mediocre at best and the service was nothing to brag about either. 
The gumbo was dark and tasted like beef stew, the salad was limp and the crawfish ettouffee tasted ok but was way too salty. One friend had wings which were dry and other friend had grits which were quite bland. 
Would not recommend or go back.We were wandering Bourbon St. after the Packers/Saints game and immediately noticed the Green Bay flags and banners outside the bar. Inside the decor is sexy, it was fairly empty inside but it was pretty late when we came inside. The manager Sara was delightful and friendly, and the music was bumpin way more than any other bar on the street. We would go back.  Only thing I would say, is stay away from the crawfish in the off season (fall-early spring). You're not going to get big fish and it has to be imported. It's not local in the offseason!The best crawfish I eaten in USA so far. There are not so many restaurants supplying crawfish at that time. But the crawfish platter was pretty good. Hot and salt, just as the same popular taste as Chinese spicy food. We ate twice. Admittedly, the food was appealed to Asian.I came here with12 ladies for a bachelorette party. The bouncers were so cute and let us skip the line and lead us to the upstairs VIP section it was crowded but the music was good. We danced and had fun. The bathroom situation was lame bc there was only one upstairs. It wasn't a big place however. Then we saw the hot bounce give a girl a lap dance so I thought it would be fun to buy one for my friend the bachelorette. It was $40 for 5 min but it was an awesome 5 min. We all had a great time. Some of us returned for round 2 the next day and the bouncer dancer guy recognized us. I Channing :( but we had funThe place was a little hard to find, but we wandered in and found a table. The staff busted ass because they went from dead to hopping in 10 minutes. We didn't wait for drinks and our food came out hot and fast. I give the staff a thumbs up! She was a little picky about Moscow mule, but these guys kept her happy till we left. Thank You all around!!!Nice place. Food was great! Staff were very friendly. It's on Bourbon so it's going to be pricier than food off the beaten trail, but it's worth it. 
recommend the  shrimp & gritsThis is a fun bar with nice atmosphere.  I recommend going here if you just want to enjoy a couple of drinks and have an appetizer.  This is NOT the place to go if you are interested in having dinner.  The menu is very limited and the food is average at best especially considering the prices are high.  The service was good and everyone was friendly.  Overall, I would say have dinner somewhere else and stop in here for a drink.There's so much to say about this place! Food and signature drinks do not disappoint! If you're looking for authentic south Louisiana dishes give this place a chance. The jambalaya is very similar to my dad's, which is amazing, the french fries are homemade, and the barbecue shrimp does not include barbecue sauce (this is a Nola thing). The servers dress up everyday and are super friendly!Is it wrong to really love this bar?  I know I come here all the time I just don't recall all the details.  Love the music and you can even dance outside on the porch area while looking at the bourbon crowd walking by looking at you.  Many a shots have been pounded back at this bar, usually to the horror of someone's bank account the next day but it's all worth it when you're in the act of convincing someone to have sex with you.  Definitely more sinners than saints.  But hey, studies have shown that people don't regret casual sex.  The only regrets should be for casual sex that never happened.  So pound away sinners!Don't bother making reservations here. We did and showed up to find that without it saying during booking....we had somehow reserved the tables for outside...in the rain. The hostesses were rude and unhelpful.  They refused to let us wait for a table inside and were unaccommodating in any way. The place smells like there is some kind of septic leak. We ended up leaving before we could even order. I am actually glad we left because the food that was coming out appears to be microwaved versions of creole classics. Don't go here.My boyfriend and I were immediately drawn here by the smell of the crawfish boil taking place in front of the restaurant. I was a bit concerned that it would be touristy because it's right on bourbon but it was so great! The crawfish was the best I've had! So much so that we came back twice more before we left NOLA. If you're in on bourbon this place is a must!I wish I could give this place no stars. A group of 9 of us went for my sister's bachelorette. They sat us in the back room, which besides some poorly stapled quilted wall, had no decor and looked pretty run down. The service was awful. It took almost 20 minutes for the food to come. Tables moved all around us and there was even a guy pouring something along the wall that smelled of bleach while we were eating. The food was even worse than the service. I ordered a burger, which came undercooked and with nothing--no toppings, no sauces, no cheese, just a patty on a piece of bread. The bread had their logo emblazoned on it to the point that it was charred and tasted of pure charcoal. I took all of 2 bites and was done. Two others at my table ordered the mac and cheese and WOW! literally the size of a side dish for $10! You could pick it all up at one time. I had ordered the cheese curds for appetizer and they never came and after reminding the waitress that we never got them so we wouldn't be charged for them, she brought it out anyway while we were eating! Also while we were eating, a guy kept coming up to us and trying to convince us to go hang out outside with a free bottle. One of my cousins finally just gave him her number and told him we'd be back to get him to go away, but there was no way we'd be back. They should just make the place a bar because honestly, in terms of food and service and ambiance to eat at, I would never go there again. This restaurant was as bad as Channing Tatum's acting.We had reservations set for 8 through OpenTable, arrived a few minutes early, & they had a table waiting for us. Dallas was our waitress, and she was very attentive and friendly. We ordered a dozen of raw oysters, a half dozen chargrilled oysters (amazing), the crawfish mac & cheese, crawfish pie, and gumbo. The oysters (both raw & chargrilled) were wonderful, we had raw oysters earlier in the day from another restaurant, and Saints&Sinners were so much better, they were sweeter and seemed fresher. The only complaint that we had was that the gumbo was luke-warm,  Dallas happily took care of it for us.Okay...I must admit, I wanted to eat at this restaurant because Channing Tatum is part owner. =P 
This restaurant is in the heart of Bourbon St & there's outside seating, just in case you want to people watch & eat. My friend & I decided to eat inside & all I can say is RED. The red decor was nice, but since the lighting was little dark, my eyes started to hurt for awhile. 
They had a deal for half off a bottle of wine, which we had to get (it was already $6 a glass & a bottle was only $11 after the half off deal). Food was good (nothing really fancy or special)...I especially enjoyed their dessert! 
A fly randomly flew into my glass (gross, I know), but they kindly refilled my drink & gave me a bigger glass of wine! Score! 
My friend & I personally thought that most of the servers here are HOT! Lol...
I'd come back & try to sit outside next time.Don't let its bourbon street address scare you! Seriously the best gumbo I've had in a long time! Best flavor and spicy! The crawfish étouffée is AMAZING!The crawfish pie, chargrilled oysters, and bread pudding were amazing!! The drinks seems light but sneak up on you. Watch out!It gets a good crowd because of the owner. Food very bland and you can get better food in NOLA. It has potential but the owner literally relying on his name than caring about customers.went in because we were hungry not know this is channing tatum's restaurant. the food was good the adult Mac and cheese was the best I've ever tasted. the crawfish was average though but looks like an ok place.Saints & Sinners is a Badgers/Packers bar. One of the co-owners  is from Sheboygan. 
Abita Amber pairs good with raw oysters with a little Crystal hot sauce & lemon juice.
We also tried the char grilled oysters with cheese and those were outstanding.Rating is reflective of the food.  I tried the Jambalaya.  It was good, but I felt I could make the same dish at home by adding sausage and chicken to a box of Zataran's. 
Houston provided good service, but that isn't enough to get me back.
My specialty drink, Sinner, was too sweet to finish. It was good like Koolaid. However it  lacked the taste of any booze. I waited for the consumption to sneak up and bite me in the a$$, like a Long Island Iced tea, but it never did. 
Channing,  you should keep a close watch over your crew to ensure your success here.  Or, don't quit you day job. LOLShoulda known. The attractive huckster that seduced us into coming inside as we walked by really used her assets to full effect. She was good: personality, looks, killer figure, and a 10% off coupon on crawfish or oysters. Both were on our list of things we wanted to eat while in town on vacation, so we followed her sexy little self inside.
Let's eat! The aroma of the boil was narcotic. The presentation was erotic. The platters were full, the drinks were cold, and did I mention how attractive our huckster/hostess was? Please don't ruin our meal and let them overcook our mud-bugs. Too late. Unfortunately, the craw-dad's were tiny. They were also overcooked. The grilled oysters suffered the same fate: they too had been on the grill too long, ruining what should have been a delightful meal. 
First rule of being a savvy tourist in the Quarter: nothing good ever comes from anything that you get from a huckster handing out coupons on Bourbon Street. We knew this, as we've been going to Nola for 40+ years. By my reckoning, that's more than times I've been accosted walking down Bourbon Street than I can count. Keep walking, decline any and everything offered, and stick to our wining game plan - eat in the places we've come to know and love. Or only go to places referred by reputable friends and trusted locals. This ain't our first rodeo, pilgrim. 
Never again. Stick to the plan. Drink here as you would anywhere on Bourbon, but don't eat here, or at any place you haven't researched or heard about first. Enjoy your drinks here, look at the pretty eye-candy shilling the coupons, but don't waste your money on food.This place sucks, we paid $660 for VIP and hated every second of it.  They advertise it as the bachelorette HQ but I didn't see any evidence of that. It was an ok bar to stop at for a few songs but not for the night.I was unexpectedly impressed with this spot. The gumbo was AMAZING. It wasn't as spicy as I would have liked especially being in New Orleans but it is Louisiana so there was hot sauce on request. The decor is very old school bordello. I was stuffed from the sampler and gumbo. Definitely somewhere I'll visit again. Giving back is always nice as well.Bad service. Were confused about how to make a martini. Then served it in a plastic cup that had red lipstick remnants still on it. Also beware....they automatically charged 20% tip on two drinks. Wtf?!We are in New Orleans for Mardi Gra and I really wanted to try this restaurant because its owned by Tatum. Yesterday we went in for late lunch/dinner. This place is extremely dirty and lacks service. We were seated upstairs and our waitress half cleaned our table and we sat down. We ordered the crawfish which we were anticipating. Also we ordered the bangin shrimp, grilled oysters and I had the catfish poboy. The crawfiah looked good however very overpowering salty, spicy and not the best. The grilled oysters I had better and my poboy had all bread very little thin peices of fried catfish more like I was just eating bread tomatoes and pickles. I also ordered the hurricane drink and it was not good at all mostly artificial taste. Now I have been to New Orleans dozens of times and dinned at most of the best and worst  restaurants. So I know whats cooking. This place is horrible and unattended. The waitress had a pink wig on and when she brought out the food she had half her hair dangling in the food she was serving! And not just ours everyone elses too. This place really needs to get its act together or else it could be featured. This place needs management, lacks cleaning and lacks a good chef. Never will I be back or refer it to anyone.Crawfish were awesome! Great atmosphere & music! Will come back next time I am in NOLA!The place was fun, the staff was exceptional.   The crawfish....so.so.  An order of crawfish is 14.00 for a pound and a half, not bad especially with the 10% off coupon.  We went with the tray of crawfish.   Consisted of 2 half ears of old corn, 2 potatoes and 2 small pieces of sausage for an extra 8 dollars.  Don't bother.  The crawfish were very spicy and we had quite a few mealy ones. (dead before cooking).If you're looking for some amazing service on Bourbon Street, look no further!  Channing Tatum would be so proud of the service inside of his restaurant.  Chris was our waiter, and he was superb!  We came to Saints and Sinners for my bachelorette party, and it was certainly not a let down.  Food was amazing, and Chris went out of his way to make sure that we were taken care of.  I will definitely be going back to Saints and Sinners!!We stopped in for a drink or two and stayed a lot longer because the entire staff was so fun.. we had the Fried Alligator tail, so damn good, we also had the Crawfish pie.. it was also very good and we ended with the Bread pudding and all I can say was Wow.. David the bar tender was awesome and T who is the Bar Monitor was funny as hell and we wanted to go back on Friday night and the place was jumping and full, unfortunately we could not get in.. this was our first visit to NOLA and we had a great time.. this place is a must visit. Thanks for making our visit a god one.The good: service ...bread...wings
The bad: Jambalaya was oily, bland, and rice wasn't fully cooked. The crawfish was overcooked and nowhere near good. 
Not worth it.We ate here this past weekend.They over booked the private room and had one waitress for the bar our party of 22 and 2 other groups. It!We were given a limited menu and 2 items weren't even available. It took them an hour span to deliver our partys food. one person received their when we were all almost done eating. Food is very average. Was impossible to get a drink. Our 600 dollar tab could have easily been double.Great place. Love the decor. I might wear all red next time. A bit disappointed to later find out my open table reservation wasn't logged in after I told the host we were checking in early. Chelsea was our server and took good care of us. I had the S&S burger, gator tail (taste like chicken) and a few purple haze on draft. Yes, draft! This place get's crowded as the night goes on. Come early if you don't want to fight the crowds. Four stars for the dining experience and food, with a fifth star for taking care of us Yelpers!Crawfish was amazing! Large oysters that also were amazing! Service was great. Adam was always there when we needed anything. The drinks are tasty. Julio was on top of it keeping thing running smooth. The chefs were great. I would suggest the grilled oysters and fresh bread too. Great place to start your party night.Absolutely the worse food I have ever eaten. The grits were watery and the shrimp under cooked. Don't waste your time. I should've read the other reviews before going here, but I was in a group of folks that wanted to support Channing. F-dat save your money!!!
UPDATE
I had some other customer service issues and from my post the General Manager reached out to me. He was very helpful and provided a quick remedy to my issue. Based on his customer service, I would try the place out again in the future. I also added 2 stars to my original review, because his assistance kept me from being further inconvenienced. Thank you Joe, General Manager, for your time and attention. I truly appreciate all of your help.The crawfish pie as a starter was great, proly the highlight of our visit. Simply put, the place seemed to be under staffed, really. The place is bigger than it looks from outside, there were staff literally running in and outside, that's makes just sitting in there and eating a sandwich and fries seem awkward. Our server did as best as she could to take care of our needs and the food wasn't bad-we just were glad to be out of there due to all of the frenetic rushing around. If Channing is really serious about this endeavor, he needs to spend time addressing these issues.This place sucks, customer service is as close to 0 as you can, in California we take service seriously, I guess maybe it's a New Orleans thing... 
I sped around $80 bucks just for me and my girl for lunch, they came to my table 2 times I had to walk and get my own drink from the bar.
She than came back with a 20% tip included. The food was okay but would never step foot in here again.So upon discovering that Channing Tatum is the owner I just had to visit! Lol
The place is fairly small as there are only 6 tables outside and a long bar inside. It has a very cozy feel. While in New Orleans I craved fresh crawfish and due to the fact they were out of season it was hard to find... But boy oh boy saints and sinners had a crawfish boil the week I was there... Fresh farm-raised crawfish! Amazing! They were $13.99 for a lb and a half but it was soooo worth it because they were seasoned to perfection... Not to mention the $3 all day happy hour!  Other than waiting for a place to sit and grub, it was great! Thanks guys!Had the crawfish etouffe here. It was flavorful and jam packed with crawfish. Would have given more stars except my side of rice was definitely crunchy in a it had been sitting for way too long kind of way.The crawfish pie was amazing, 4 stars because it was slightly too salty.
The crawfish platter was spiced really hot, my lips are still burning...and it was okay, nothing to truly rave about. The corn, potato, and sausage wasn't worth the extra $7 in my opinion...
Had to try it tho. :)
Came back Sept, to have the crawfish pie again, not as salty, but also not as flavorful as it was the first time I tried it...so I understand now why some reviews rave about it, and others don't...luck of the draw I guess...Just ate here tonight and it was the best crawfish I've ever had. The service was amazing! Ryan our waiter went above and beyond for us. By far the best dining experience in NOLA!!!!!My second time eating here. Both times excellent. Outstanding crawfish, chargrilled oysters and gumbo. Will definitely come back!!Excellent crawfish boil, charbroiled oysters, and drinks. A classy decor without the high prices. The balcony doesn't open until the restaurant and bar shut down though. Thanks S&S!My friends and I stumbled upon Saints and Sinner and I am so grateful. The crawfish is seasoned to perfection and do not even get me started on the mac and cheese. We ordered another round of both and added the shrimp po boy. Our waiter was very kind which made the experience even better. I will definitely be back next time I'm in town.Came here for the first time. Great crawfish and fried alligator tail!
Service was fast and David was very friendly. We will definitely be back next time in town!GREAT food and atmosphere. Service was attentive, fast, and kind. We only had two days in NOLA and even with all the food options around we still opted to join S&S for a second meal.Great restaurant with great customer service! Terrance is an awesome manager and David is a great waiter! The food is awesome and I will definitely be coming back when I'm in town! Just awesome!!!!Sara
We were in at approximately Dec 5 at 8pm. Manager did comp wings and drink which was nice. So no worries there. Retraining and a relaunch might be a thought.Awesome! Small intimate place, dark lounge feel, huge menu of NOLA favorites that did not disappoint! Crawfish Pie out of this world, Gumbo Poutine, really! Heavy handed drinks if you come sit at the bar as David is friendly and gave great recommendations, on Boubon but not your usual tourist trap! They stop serving at 9pm, reservations a must, unless you care to belly up to the bar which I recommend! Will be back :)This place was great, we had the crawfish plate for $13.95 minus a10% coupon that was given to us. Our hostess Tonya was great and delightful to talk with. The crawfish was tasty and plentiful for two people. Try this place owned by Channing Tatum. We like it!  Rick D. San Diego,  CA.Reply to Sara:
Again, check that video, please. Does it have sound too? My work is in computer forensics; I'm pretty sure I can help you find where this occurred. I can also help with a forensic copy of the hard drive to make sure nothing was deleted or altered. My work has me doing such things as a computer forensics specialist and witness for the FBI; the facts speak for themselves.
We tried AS PATRONS to defuse the situation that had nothing to do with us - why should we have to is a mystery to me. We were friendly and upbeat the entire time even making jokes about the cider based drink but to avail. Your bartender, were he on some episode of Seinfeld would perhaps be considered funny. However this is reality and rudeness drives away business. Maybe that's where your video failed you; we continued to be polite and that's all you saw. Creating a scene resolves nothing.
We told your onsite manager in charge how it all went wrong. He was trying to be helpful but at that point but we had had enough. We did discuss with him that perhaps the bartender wasn't having a good night or he wasn't suited for being out front. That isn't our job as Customers but again, we tried. My sister and I both decided there won't be a second time.
My previous work was a Handler for famous musicians and artists for more than 20 years. I still work on their computer systems to make sure they're not hacked and simple things like their personal pictures aren't released to the world. I had no desire to meet your owner, I just wanted dinner, it was raining, we stopped at your establishment. That was the ONLY reason we stopped. We were pleased that 25 cents of every dollar we would spend would help the homeless in NOLA but we weren't allowed to make much of a contribution. In light of that, we have both made direct donations instead.:( we were so excited to come here for our "stag and hen" party. We made our reservation a month in advance thinking this was a fun place to get dressed up and go to dinner. This is Channing Tatum's restaurant?! We're from Houston 
We walked in and the game was SO LOUD we couldn't talk, and we should have done our research I guess. The decor was cute, but everyone was dressed down and the manager acted annoyed that we asked to turn the volume down "a touch." We weren't trying to be high maintenance. In fact, we are all in the service industry and have high industry standards. The food was good. The waiter talked us out of ordering a dessert. I just don't know! Come on Channing Tatum! Come on Nola! More sin than Saint I'm afraid.So we came here because the gf wanted to go.  They oysters and gator bites were good.  I got the crawfish pie, which was good, but man was it salty.  ease back on the salt a little and this is a home run dish. maybe add a little more crawfish and it is perfect.  We enjoyed ourselves here as the staff was great.   It was nice to try once, but coming back we probably would not do based on how many other restaurants are there.Went to this restaurant because I heard they has the No.1 Crawfish and Oyster in New   Orleans (or Bourbon Street).
The Crawfish was pretty nice, you can tell they had a better quality of the crawfish. I recommend try this.
But the oyster. They have broken pieces of shell or little rocks in every oyster. And they taste horrible.My group of 8 beautiful women were offered free bottle service in order to attract other customers, which I totally agree with. However, upon asking the bartender for a cup of water he proceeded to tell me I was only allowed water upon the purchase of a 'bottle' I told him I simple wanted a CUP OF WATER and again he said ONLY IF YOU BUY A BOTTLE, MISS. I completely disagree that any bar would refuse to give someone a cup of free water. Absolutely will never come back to this bar because of their terrible WATER SERVICE.Fantastic food... two direct quotes from a food aficionado: Those oysters were the best I've had in my life, bar none; and Mmmm that is food that makes you dance!Had a great dinner for my friend's bachelorette party. The food and drinks were great and the service was amazing. The decor is really nice and it's one of the nicer places on Bourbon.We spent most of the Red Dress Run upstairs watching from the balcony and hanging with the bartender David.  David was the best. Friendly, personable, and quite funny!   He makes a fantastic drink!!  Honestly, he was the reason we enjoyed ourselves so much.  Thank you David, from the Chicago girls!Visited while we were in the Quarter to try a new restaurant.  Interesting and unique decor, service was top notch and the food was excellent.Incredible chargrilled oysters.  First time I had ever had  them, and they were to die for.  My daughter had the pizza burger, but wasn't real impressed.  The staff was super friendly and very attentive!Only a few years old to New Orleans it is a big hit. We went for the boiled craw fish. My wife downed a plate in no time. Very busy so there will be a short wait probably but service moves quick. It's right on Bourbon st in the middle of every thing. Definitely recommend stopping in for boiled craw fish alone.Charbroiled oysters were amazing bartender Peter will customize your drinks to fit your taste crazy atmosphere great place must go to if you're in the French quarter. Lots of pretty girls if you're into that sort of thing.LOL.Atmosphere was awesome!! We went for a bachelorette dinner the music was energetic we couldn't stop dancing while we were eating! Plus the food was awesome!They need to rename this place to Shits and Sinners.   The bathrooms are tiny, but immaculate yesterday.   Today is a different story.  The toilets were both clogged up and would not flush.  
Servers are not very friendly.  I guess if you have to deal with drunkards, you have to be on defense.Ultimate Fail, worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant. I made reservations after seeing the menu from the website, we were there for The Essence Festival & celebrating our wedding anniversary, I invited my step daughter and her fiancé to join us for what turned out to be a limited menu of nothing more than a few fried food items served on paper trays. I received confirmations via email and text, with no mention of a limited menu served in paper food truck styled containers, had I known that while planning my anniversary dinner from my Beverly Hills office I would certainly gone elsewhere, the service staff was unprofessional and disengaging and seemed annoyed to be at work. I'm in New Orleans 2 to 3 times a year. Never AgainI wish I could give this place a zero. Here with a bachelorette party, Waited 45 minutes for a drink, Cold food, management was rude and unprofessional. Waitress was sweet and hard working.  However, I would not recommend this. To sum it up, trashy and unprofessional.We made a reservation the day before and were seated right away on a Saturday night. We saw others being turned away with no reservation. The food was great and the service we received was great until the manager came and rushed us away from our table as soon as the check was paid. He did offer to seat us at the bar, but that was our only complaint. We would definitely go back, maybe next time I'll get lucky and see Channing Tatum!One of those dining experiences you will never forget- unbelievable food, passionate chef, & true French quarter ambiance. Do not miss this!
Phenomenal jambalaya and true New Orleans style dishes with great atmosphere.  You can sit outside on the patio and watch everything going on along Bourbon street, or you can sit inside at the bar... or, if you're lucky like we were, you can have the farthest seating area to yourself- a cozy back "room" overlooking the rest of the restaurants with a firepole coming from the ceiling.  You're surrounded by deep red walls and chandeliers, and just an old victorian parlour vibe.   Loved it!It's not so bad. Maybe we had a fluke with good drinks and great service. Those two things seem to be all I need to have a great time. 
We came here twice during our walkabout on Bourbon Street. It was a Friday night and we just sort of walked up, took a seat, ordered drinks, people watched, and had fun. The only thing I can think of to make this place better would possibly be music. I'm sure there was music there but it wasn't memorable. Obviously I must have been talking over it.
It doesn't take much to get your party on on Bourbon Street. I'd go back to Saints and Sinners for sure.Thank for this AMAZING, FLAVOR-ABLE, and GREAT AMBIENCE!!!! Will recommend to everyone. Manager David Jourdan was so helpful and caring. Will be back to visitWent here last night with a couple of co workers. We went for the crawfish boil but when we saw they were $16 a lb we changed our mind and ordered dishes off the menu which was reasonable. I had the crawfish pie and it was fantastic. We also had an order of the gumbo poutine and it was out of this world. Will definitely come back next time in townSeafood is very fresh! Fun atmosphere! Crawfish platter is highly recommended... a little spicy. Definitely don't want to leave without a serving of the bread pudding.All around great. We went in to get  appitizers and drinks and left full and satisfied. Some of the best more flavorfull crawfish we ever had. Chargrilled oysters where amazing and definitely try  their Gumbo Poutine fries!This place is incredible!  First the decor is unlike anything you will find around!  Second the food was amazing. seafood Gumbo is the best we have tried in NOLA.   4 in our party and we all fell in love with our meals...Gouda Shrimp & Grits, Gator po-boy, Seafood trio.  Wow!  Be sure to have Sex on the Balcony...the drink.  The server was wicked cool too!  Our favorite place on Bourbon St!came here for drinks only and they were delicious. I wish we had time to come here and eat. I wish I had known about this place for my bachelorette party because I would have come here :( why did I not know about this place? ugh! lol. it would have been perfect. cute bartender too....Please offer a zero rating. 
Just experienced the worst night of dining in 30+ years of traveling to Bourbon Street.
Terrible:
   Service
   Decor
   Menu
   Food
   Did I mention service
   And tell the dipshit plumber that the hot water on the faucet goes on the left. (Lucky for Channing that I am not the sueing kind.) CT- CLEAN HOUSE!
   And did I mention the service? 
   Do your family and friends a favor and pass this on. 
      Sincerely,   Jimbo (not picky) Slayton
                         Brownwood, TexasWe had the most amazing food. The crawfish were fantastic, even though it isn't currently in season. After trying the crawfish, I had enough faith to try the oysters, even though I have never enjoyed them before. I will now be eating them here from now on. The highlight of this restaurant is not only the food, but also some of the friendliest service from the hostess Liesl and our server Cris. We've been to the French Quarter 6 times and this was a definitely a highlight for us.DELICIOUS CRAWFISH. DELICIOUS GATOR. Been to Nola 3 times and this was a delicious place to eat. We sat right by the gate and the only thing that separated from the bustle of Rue Bourbon was a little fence which we talked to a lot of tourists about what we were eating. He cooked the crawfish right in front of us. so fun.Amazing.  Beautiful New Orleans decor.  Delicious food and awesome staff!! I will be back!! I had the alligator po boy!! Amazing!!!What can I say about Saints and sinners? Well... This place looks amazing.The atmosphere is very lively. However, the hours suck! We came out of a event by the convention center and were turned away because the restaurant was closing for a nightclub service. It was only a little bit after 10 PM. What is the point of having a Lounge/restaurant especially on Bourbon Street with such limited hours?This restaurant is more than GREAT it is FANTASTIC and food is so good but more than that the service is by far the best I have seen, we tried this tonight because we heard about it on a tv food show and I am so glad we tried it the mac and cheese was yummy, but the red beans and rice was so good we don't have anywhere in Little Rock, that has food like this and we definitely don't have staff and managers that care and treat people the way they did Miss Penelope was a breath of fresh air and kindness and Miss Allison was just as nice the whole entire staff even the guy that kinda looks like Channing. So you guys have a staff that does you proud Sir that makes me like you even more than I do ,they have such respect for you and the restaurant can't wait for you to open another one so we can take a trip to it.I just moved here and ADAM, who was our server, and Mr. Julio the manager were amazing people. They made sure we were okay and our food was brought out in a timely manner!! Great team and great food!! GO EAT THERE!! You will miss out if you don't!
Yum yum yum !! And thank you for the great service ! 
Melanie and AndreThe prices were a bit high and the food wasn't the best. A lot of the specialty drinks were "out of stock" which I thought was strange, but whatever. Cocktails are overpriced and there needs to be more variety on the menu.First time here. 9/17 (around 7pm) Food was Excellent. Wait was awful. I ordered to go. The bartender was very attentive, but unfortunately his support staff was not. Several times I watched him get the host to seat people that were coming in. And no they were not that busy. I sat at the bar for over 40 min waiting for my food. I ordered crawfish, a salad, and gumbo. 2 seatings after me were even eating before I received my food. Even after the bartender checked on it and said they are boxing it up now. I had to wait another 10 min until the bar slowed down enough for him to physically go to the kitchen and grab. 
The food is Good. The crawfish was on point. The seafood gumbo was spicy, and had just the right amount of everything. I am not from NOLA, but it was the best we had all week. We would definitely go back if service improved.Saints and Sinners has awesome drinks!  A very good pour compared to the other establishments in the French Quarter.  The crawfish plate, boiled just before you eat, totally rocks.  Terrific seasoning!  And OMG, the shrimp PO Boy is great! Staff was super friendly and helpful.  No doubt we'll be back!Great place to go, great atmosphere, service was great and the Channing Tatum cut out was on point, Alison was great!We came here for a bachelorette party. The food was excellent. Everyone ordered different meals. Some favorites were the crawfish etoufee and seafood gumbo. Gumbo was extremely flavorful. The added crab was a nice touch. Lindsey, in the area upstairs, was amazing. We will definitely be back.Chris is an excellent waiter and the food is priced reasonably.  We had wings, a salad and shrimp and Tasso pasta.  The manager stopped by the table about halfway through to introduce himself and let us know to get him if we needed anything.  Would rate service a 5 and food a 4.We got here just when crawfish season was over! We asked out bartender at our hotel which place he thought would still have them and Saints and Sinners did! Loved the crawfish flavor but wish we visited sooner because they were tiny. Minus one star because it was so expensive. Will definitely be back though for the next season.Delicious food, they were slammed and offered us seating on the patio out front. Great service, our server was chris. The food though, phenomenal, man. Definately will be back. Possibly tomorrow!Stopped in to try their hurricane drink, and David not only made an amazing hurricane from scratch... but was personable and inviting! Will definitely go back!We came here for dinner for my bachelorette party and had the best food and service we had all weekend in New Orleans! The food may have been the best food I've ever had! Our server was amazing but i forgot her name. Also they had the best Bloody Mary's I've ever had! I highly recommend! They had the automatic tip for the large party and we all tipped her on top of that she was so good. 
Only downfall which has nothing to do with the quality of restaurant is my drunk friend stole a stupid Budweiser promo sign (which i didn't know about) and the manager followed us down the street harassing us. It was a pretty creepy thing to do for a free promo item. But totally the fault of my drunk friend so i'm sorry about that. I didn't know she had it so to me it felt like very creepy that he followed us for an hour. (She did give it back for people reading this lol)Update to previous review:
The manager, Joe, called me and handled the situation like a pro. He asked for the time of my call so he could check tapes, see who took my credit card information, and try to track down where the info went. He also is going out of his way to ensure that they make room for my large party of 17. I didn't expect that and definitely appreciate it.
BEWARE POSSIBLE CREDIT CARD FRAUD
Yesterday I called the restaurant to make a reservation for June 3rd for 16 people. I understood when calling that there was a possibility they would not have room for such a large group but I was pleasantly surprised when the employee on the phone told me there was room. She took down my information and credit card number as she warned me that there would be a $10/person charge if I no-showed.
Today I called back to add one person to my reservation and spoke to another employee, Kelsey, who unfortunately told me that the employee I spoke to yesterday had made no record of my reservation in the computer and that she didn't know who was working the phone's the night before. I am highly upset that someone took down my credit card info when there was no chance of me getting a reservation. Especially since she most likely wrote it down on a sheet of paper with my expiration date and security code. If she wasn't sure there was room, she should have taken down my party info and told me she would call me back if there was room and request my credit card info then.
I will now need to watch my credit card account to ensure my information is not stolen. What an unorganized, terribly insecure system. Do not trust this restaurant to be able to work their reservation system or with your credit card information.I was saddened that I was made to feel unwelcome here. Never been bitched out by a bartender for asking if they served something. While I applaud his sobriety, which he shared in a very sarcastic and judgmental manner, my sister and I were trying to make light of the downer this visit had become. I had to order my drink three times and it was slapped on the table like it was hot. We ordered food but only received one thing - wings and they were sadly lacking. The rest of our order was MIA - which was probably a good thing.
I know I'm older and not a hipster but I have money to spend. I'm not throwing the dishes on the floor like drunk guests were. It has potential however it's good to know 'older' people not welcome just the same. We didn't ask for an Early Bird Special! Bloody damn shame and explains why they only had a few customers compared to the other restaurants. 
Being that close to Bourbon Street having a combative bartender who can't remember your drink order when he isn't yelling at you, a condescending staff fueled by ageism is not a good business plan. I know it's a tax write off for Mr Tatum; if it succeeds, he writes off the charity contributions, if it fails he writes off the losses. From reading so many other bad reviews, pretty sure he has zero eff's to give either way as long as his accountants are happy. Since it appears he DOES NOT care, you shouldn't either. Spend your hard earned money on a great meal at one of many restaurants in the area and then donate directly to a local charity. 
BTW, he's not going to pop in. When he does show, they close the place so you're not going to have a drink with him. There's far more interesting people to meet in the Big Easy so do that
Reply to Sarah:
Again, check that video, please. Does it have sound too? My work is in computer forensics; I'm pretty sure I can help you find where this occurred. I can also help with a forensic copy of the hard drive to make sure nothing was deleted or altered. My work has me doing such things as a computer forensics specialist and witness for the FBI; the facts speak for themselves.
We tried AS PATRONS to defuse the situation that had nothing to do with us - why should we have to is a mystery to me. We were friendly and upbeat the entire time even making jokes about the cider based drink but to avail. Your bartender, were he on some episode of Seinfeld would perhaps be considered funny. However this is reality and rudeness drives away business. 
We told your onsite manager in charge how it all went wrong. He was trying to be helpful at that point but we had had enough. We did discuss with him that perhaps the bartender wasn't having a good night or he wasn't suited for being out front. That isn't our job as Customers but again, we tried. My sister and I both decided there won't be a second time.
My previous work was a Handler for famous musicians and artists for more than 20 years. I still work on their computer systems to make sure they're not hacked and simple things like their personal pictures aren't released to the world. I had no desire to meet your owner, I just wanted dinner, it was raining, we stopped at your establishment.Blech. Not my fav. Stopped in for a quick lunch. We ordered the tacos and gumbo. The shrimp tacos were smothered in a mayo based sauce. The gumbo was really heavy. The staff was courteous and quick. Overall, one of my least favorite meals in a long time.Visiting New Orleans for a quick girls trip. Crawfish are ok nicely spiced but not seasoned well. Our server Chad was fun!Heard about a male burlesque show that was going to be performing. Tried to call and make reservations, but there's no way to contact them. We arrive for a show that is supposed to start at midnight, pay $10 cover at the door and there is no show. They had ugly midget guys dancing in the corners of the room. Hugely disappointing. Even for being a bar on Bourbon Street they have nothing to offer except expensive drinks. Would happily go anywhere else besides going back to this place.So ive been here before because of the music and the whole party scene, but today was the first time I have actually eaten here. First of all I did not know that they even served food. We were walking by and we saw they were serving freshly cooked crawfish. I have never had crawfish and I decided what better place to try them than New Orleans. We took a seat outside and ordered drinks and a pound and half of crawfish. Since this is my first time trying them maybe I'm biased, but they were amazing!! They were nice and hot temperature wise and taste. I was a little nervous at first simply because I usally see half naked females dancing in front after 9, so i didnt expect any well prepared food but I did! 
Im not sure if I would come back to try anything else but the crawfish were great!This was the absolute worst dining experience of my life. Had a reservation for 12. They were not set up for us. To get a drink order took 30 min maybe more. Food took 1.5 hours, came out separately by over 15 min. And the food was bad. The only good thing was the crawdads but u can get anywhere. Don't come here you will be treated poorly after you discuss with mgr as well. The tacos are actually 3 nachos btwCrawfish - Unreal. Wings - Unreal. The manager is super personable, and I still can't figure out how the prices are SO MODEST for the quality of food. If you're in New Orleans and want great food, please make a stop here! They're awesome.Worst experience ever!!! If I could give ZERO stars I would!!!! First off, the guy told us it would be 30 minutes, and there were a lot of empty tables. So when we finally got sat, it took about 10 minutes for the server to come to us. My sister ordered the macaroni and cheese under appetizer, for it to be 10 dollars, we figured it would be a good size, the dish was a tiny side items!!! We all three are our entire meals with no drink. We had to tell the server we needed a refill. The time he brought it, we were already done. When checks came, I got charged two extra dollars. And when I told the server, it's like he didn't know the prices at all. If I ever visit New Orleans again, I will NEVERRRRRR go that restaurant again!!You have to try the crawfish pie! The chargrilled oysters are delicious. Top it off with the bread pudding & you'll be happy!Solid meal. Got half a pound of crawfish (lots of flavor), fried alligator, and crawfish pie (Cochon is way better). Great service! Loved the guys at the bar.Visited in the winter when it was not crawfish season, so I knew ordering crawfish would be sketchy. I was correct. The oysters and gumbo were good. The hurricanes were good too and I enjoyed the ambiance. It'd probably be better at the height of the season.Joe and Gina were excellent! Joe taught us how to eat crawfish. The service was impeccable and the food amazing. The crawfish Mac and cheese was a great way to start our meal. I would recommend this to anyone visiting New Orleans!Great place!  Love the decor, drinks and strong and the food is delish.  The bartender Ashley was awesome too!! But let's be real here...we really came for Channing  but no such luck. ;)This restaurant has 5 star reviews because they ask you to put up a post on Yelp in exchange for shots. 
I came here with a group of girls (bachelorette) for dinner. The food is bad  and the drinks are syrupy. I got the shrimp and grits and it was so salty/over-seasoned. 
Out of 9 girls, I don't think one person enjoyed their dinner. 
The servers were nice, hence 2 stars. 
Channing Tatum should be embarrassed to have his name attached to such poor quality food.We had dinner there and the crawfish platter was good. Staff was ok. Crawfish is spicy wo make sure you get a drink with it.Sorry Channing, but this place needs work. I'm easy to please, but don't give out stars JUST because you're a star. I was in NOLA for the weekend for my sisters birthday. Here's our experience..
Reservations: I made our Sat night reservation via Open table, noting a special Birthday request. When we showed up, they were not prepared for us and the host had no idea of my Birthday request. I pulled him adside and requested he mention to our waiter that it was my sisters birthday and to feel free to do their "Birthday thing" and/or bring out a dessert. He said Sure! THEY NEVER DID ANYTHING! 
Food: I ordered a cup of the gumbo as an app. I took one bite and had to return it because it was EXTREMELY salty! As an entree, I ordered the red beans and rice. Same thing.. EXTREMELY salty!!! I returned that for the Pasta dish. Luckily, it wasn't salty, but it tasted like a box made pasta dinner. Not impressed. We all ordered wine and were served in liquor glasses instead of proper wine glasses because they ran out. 
Ambiance: the floors were dirty. Used floss and crawfish shells were on the floors. Staff started moving tables out of the room we were in and had no interest in sweeping up afterwards. 
I do not recommend this place at all. especially if you're celebrating a special occasion. Again, sorry Channing... needs work.This place is just as hot as Channing Tatum!! From the amazing crawfish to the delicious drinks, this is a must stop when visiting New Orleans! Ask for Allison she was great!The experience was awesome and they did a great job accommodating us drunk folk! Shountie was our server and she was amazing.Our waiter David made the dinning experience that much better ! He recommended his favorite items and had us laughing with his jokes. The food was amazing! Without a doubt the best crawfish boil! Try the drink Sinner, it's tasty but strong!Channing if you own this place please note there's nothing magic happening here. Wait staff is rude and slow. Forgot my order of gumbo. Wings were ok but I can do as well at Hooters. In a city of drinks and hospitality this is neither saint or sinner it's just in purgatory. If your on Bourbon just keep walking or eat hotel food.Such a fun place - great food! Crawfish pie is excellent!!Great service...David (at the bar), David (boiling the crawfish), and Terrence provided a wonderful experience. We came for happy hour/dinner...but will definitely come back for the late night club as well. Great experience!!We're in town from Wisconsin and heard Saints and Sinners is a Packer Bar (on game days anyway) so we checked it out! Not only is this true but they gave us Cheese Head's our own room with numerous TV's and our own bartenders and bathroom. A must for Packers on game day!! David and Julio made sure our experience was great! Thanks guys!! Go Pack GoTerrible service. Terrible food. Channing Tatum should stick to acting... if anyone actually considers him good at that.The smell of crawfish from bourbon street lured us in. The service and friendly staff was phenomenal! When the food arrived it blew our minds. Spicy crawfish and excellent wings. Management was continuously checking on us, ensuring that their service and food was on par. Let me tell you it's freaking awesome here. I'm from Los Angeles and I highly recommend this establishment.Awesome!!! Get the crawfish boil and the gumbo... By far some of the best food I've had in New Orleans!!!We came here with 20 awesome ladies for my bffs bachelorette and had the BEST WEEKEND EVER!  We had the whole back room to ourselves and David, T and Chad took great care of us. Serious so so much much fun! 
Ps be sure to ask the guys to show you how the fireman's pole works!I kept looking around here thinking, wow, it kinda looks like a brothel in here. Well, duh, Cathy, it's called Saints & Sinners and it's on Bourbon Street, for cryin' out loud.
We came here at the suggestion of Yelper Daughter, who knew that it's owned by Channing Tatum. We'd just hit town and wanted a bite and a drink before showing a NOLA rookie around before the parades. We all had a bowl of chicken/andouille gumbo and YD and I split a salad. The salad was a salad, a pile of mostly romaine with very acceptable balsamic vinaigrette, something that made me feel better about everything else I was about to eat over the next week. The gumbo was delicious, lots of flavor without being overly hot. The waitress offered a bread plate with it, a small warm loaf of crusty French bread sliced and buttered, with a bowl of olive oil that it didn't need at all. Perfect with the gumbo.
I took advantage of their $4 drink special, which got me a Jim Beam on the rocks, a good warmup for the chilly afternoon. Our waitress admitted to only having worked there for two weeks, but other than being a little unfamiliar with the fine details of the drinks, she was first rate. The trad jazz in the background, including "Indian Red," was the perfect welcome back to town. And like I said, the interior is sumptuous. If you've ever wondered what feels like to sit in an old time sporting house (did they pole dance back then?), this is the place!We had the most wonderful experience at this restaurant for my best friend's bachelorette weekend.   There was another party in the upstairs room but our waitress Lindsay was so kind and accommodating.  She went out of her way to ensure we had a wonderful time.   I would highly recommend S&S and especially Lindsay for a great night in NOLA.I bought a drink there and my friend ask for water. This Michael Chiklis/Fred Durst wanna be bartender refused to give her water without a purchase although she was with me. So I asked for it since I just bought a drink, and he gave me less than a shots worth of water and refused to offer more. The worse service even for Bourbon standards and when dealing alcohol, you should be generous with water especially with people whom  maybe dehydrated or merely a driver for the evening. Just out of mere human decency.