So happy to find a great sushi place. our server, Adam, was great. My friend and I went for happy hour and got great deals on our drinks and sushi. definitely going back for a date night soon.Awesome spot with a menu that has something for everyone. The sushi is fresh and they are always willing to accommodate​ my request for "no rice" on my specialty rolls. It's also a huge perk that they have a parking lot!Our server Connor took great care of us. We sampled edamame, veggie tempura, and several rolls. We appreciated the manager's concern with our satisfaction with our meal. I loved our outdoor table, too. Hoping to return on our next trip.such wonderful and friendly service and incredibly reasonable pricing. we were here for a bachelorette dinner and we had the entire upstairs to ourselves - great for privacy and for us to get rowdy with our saki! they had no problem administering separate checks (some places give you a serious stink eye when you try to do that!) and our waitress came up to check on us at least once every five minutes. i would highly recommend this place!A little over-priced for just-ok sushi.  I am used to excellent sushi, so maybe I am just being overly skeptical of the fish quality.  The lunch is a good deal, otherwise, I would definitely skip it and go to Takumi just down the street on Magazine.The appetizers were AMAZING! the ribs were so big and delicious! I love how fancy the restaurant looked but everything is so affordable. We didn't care much for the sushi since it was kind of bland. Oh and the pad Thai was THE BOMB. so good! Luckily we caught happy hour so our bill was cheapI really enjoyed Sake! I don't count myself a sushi expert, but I do have an appreciation for the art. Watching the chefs, you could tell they knew what they were doing. They not only served quality food, but gave a great presentation. We started off with tuna tetaki and some nigiri. Both plates were so delicious. As for our rolls for dinner, my wife and I were really surprised. My plate came on fire (order the volcano roll). Rolls tasted fresh and were very filling without excessive rice. Environment and serving staff werevery friendly and fun.One of the four best sushi restaurants in New Orleans!  A very talented chef makes daily specials that surprise and titilate, but the teriyaki is thin and weak.  Housed in a skillfully redesigned old K&B (which was a classic Nola drugstore chain- the k&b building at the foot of St. Charles has an impressive modernist art collection), the Sake Cafe has a vibrant energy and a Feng Shui that makes for lively conversation.Loved it! First let me state that I went for happy hour.... I would probably only come here for that because it is much more reasonably priced...
Had the lychee martini...2 for $6 and it was delicious!
Order the calamari ($5 for a big plate) very good
The goat cheese gyoza was about $5 and not really worth it...
Had the cali roll and philli roll both about $5 so not too bad, the fancy rolls looked good but a little out of my price range!
Overall, Ill probably be back next week... $3 martinis are hard to beat!I had vegetable tempura which was delicious. My companion had a good issue that was promptly and generously dealt with by the manager. Would definitely return.I love sake! My favorite lunch spot! I die for their tempura chicken or shrimp entree or bento box! The bento box comes with so much food and the salad has the most delicious ginger dressing! The tempura banana and fresh apple spring rolls are some of the most amazing desserts I've had in town. They have a great cocktail list and happy hour as well!My wife and I enjoy coming here! The huge glass ceiling ornaments are just beautiful--part of the joy of coming here. The service has always been fine, the sushi rolls taste good to us although admittedly I'm not a big sushi connoisseur, the rolls came out very quickly, and the prices are cheaper than what you'd pay for most of the "nicer" restaurants in New Orleans.Okay, I may be a little biased... As I am one of the delivery drivers for this fantastic restaurant, however... I have been working my way through the menu over the last 6 to 8 months and I have yet to come across something that I truly dislike. In fact I already have some favorites of my own. May I suggest the spicy yellow dragon? And as I have mentioned it, Sake does indeed deliver weekdays and Sundays from 4:30 PM to 9:30 PM, and on weekends, Fridays and Saturdays, from 4:30 PM to 10:30 PM...5+ to good management represented by Charlie!!! 
We ordered food to pick up on lazy rainy Saturday which included rock shrimp,gyoza and shrimp rice. We asked that the sauce be put on the side not all over as they serve ( we are picky eaters..),when we opened the box at home the shrimp surely had the sauce all over them and the portion looked smaller than usual. You know that feeling when the only thing you want to do  is get home ,eat good food and relax ?..well that's the mood we had..but no,you can't have the food you like!..frustration ..so my husband called them complained and Charlie the Manager brought his apologies and told us to come pick up freshly cooked meal , all items and he didn't even want back the food we didn't like! How surprising was to get a new bag and have everything as we wanted and twice more !))Charlie was very nice to my husband while he was waiting for our food at the restaurant ..more than that 30 min after he gave a call asking if everything is ok!))thanks a lot Charlie !))we def ll be coming back again and again !!Sushi was tasty, the trays for the soy sauce were too small for my shrimp tempura roll which was huge. Service was a little on the slow side for a restaurant with a lot of staff hanging out at the front. But overall was a good experience.Living in the area, we have tried Sake Café a number of times.
Food & service have been bad-to-terrible each time.
Wishful thinking brings us back once-in-a-while, only to be disappointed again & again.
Does anyone know where one could find REAL tempura in New Orleans ?
RickI really enjoyed the feel that the restaurant held. They had really cool chandeliers over the bar area. Our service was great and our waitress Jenny was very attentive but respecting of our mealtime.This place is the best! The staff is awesome, so are the views, so much space and the food is so fresh, I highly recommend the calamari, I love their sushi and plum wine, try this place out and you can't beat happy hour 3-6Skip this place if you can.  Tried to grab a glass of wine and a bite on a Friday night.  Took one of many open seats at the bar (not the sushi bar) after checking in with the host to make sure that was acceptable.  Sat for about 10 minutes while the bartenders pretended I was invisible.  They waited on others that arrived later.  Ultimately, hostess / manager arrived and noticed I'd been waiting, unrecognized, for an unreasonable period.  She offered a beverage, but no menu.  I asked for the food and wine menus.
Ordered from both and after she consulted the absent (minded) bartender, she sorted out my glass of wine.  Food order as well, but entree never arrived.  
After consuming my single glass of wine, salad, and a bite of the wrong soup, I waited, and waited, and waited.  To no avail.
Ultimately, asked for the check for what had been delivered.  Check delivery was quick, as well as an inquiry as to willingness to further wait for the forgotten entree.
In summation, there's a reason this place gets 3 stars.  Frankly, 3 is generous.  
Nothing appealing or appetizing other than the aesthetics of the place.  Just remember, you can't eat the wallpaper or furnishings.
Skip it.Once again I hate giving bad reviews especially to the service of the restaurant because I myself being a server knows how if I did an awful service to the customer. I'm not gonna name or give a gender to our server. It took forever for us to be noticed and approached by the server which btw took another 10 mins to get our drinks. Um we only had coke and iced tea. Does it take that long to fix those drinks ohhh wait our server was chatting with another server in the back. That's why, it's kind a sad because the food here was good we had the poboy roll and stuffed chicken wings and they were delicious although the service sucks and SLOWWWWW.  We still left our server a 15% tip which is still good considering our server was unattentive and slow. I think I'll just go to Sushi Brothers on St Charles which has better service.I have never had anything bad come out of this kitchen. The staff is always friendly and the food always delicious. I won't go anywhere else for sushi as long as I live in NOLAI stumbled into this Japanese restaurant after browsing some stores nearby. I was pleasantly surprised by the large menu that had a lot of Japanese classical foods (udon soup, etc.) and more variety than some other Japanese restaurants (teriyaki salmon, etc.) that offered more than just sushi. The service was excellent, and the food is very tasty. I got the nabeyaki udon, and I loved it.The sushi is ok hence the 2 stars. The sushi specials are overpriced and fried and nothing special. The tempura is offensive- tasteless, over battered, and a waste. The wok fried calamari is actually deep fried bread crumbs with several pieces of ring calamari hidden in only some pieces. I want my money back.The uptown location is right around the corner from me and has become a recent regular ! 
I typically order an appetizer and one of their sides and am delighted with the portions and fusion of foods. 
The wine selection is good and their sake is delicious! This is a good Asian food option in the uptown New Orleans area. 
Street parking off of magazine street.Love sake cafe! Great lunch spot with lots of choices! Adam was an amazing server, ask for him!I'm a regular. Enough said. 
P.S. Try the Ocean Trout appetizer. To die for!I really do not like this place. The sushi is eh. The gyoza are pretty good, and the fried rice is very unusual. It's more peppery than most. It's cheap but.. you pay for it in other ways.
However, the freaking service is unbelievable. My table waited an hour and a half after ordering for our food. The waitress said that she would bring them out "as they came up"... But there's simply NO WAY. It happens everrrry time and there's no excuse anymore. 
The waiters have a habit of disappearing on you. Don't expect too many water refills.
Also, it's cold, so bring a jacket!!This is my favorite sushi spot in the city. Love the decor, the service is always nice to superb, and their happy hour makes me very happy.
The appetizer selection is pretty large...I've had the soups and the gyoza which were awesome.
I am fond of most of their rolls, other than the volcano roll. Most people like the volcano roll but somehow I find it to be too salty and slimy. Other than that, the tropical roll is a must try if you like something on the sweeter side. 
Surprisingly this place is much more affordable than I had anticipated. The specialty rolls are a bit higher priced but that's standard anywhere.
Plus points for the decor upstairs...wish that floor was open for seating more often.Our group of five ladies stopped during a walking tour of the garden district, hoping for a nice lunch. We had two flies that wouldn't leave the table alone, that alone drove us nuts. 
The bento boxes were very good.  We tried a mushroom roll that was absolutely the worst thing I've ever tried at a sushi restaurant. Actually none of the rolls were good, but the tuna "cake" was great, except the raw quail egg on top. 
The music was very very loud - an obnoxious techno that made it impossible to talk or relax.  
I would pass on this restaurant.So disappointed in this place. What once was a favorite for happy hour, is now a place I will probably never go again. I wish I knew what happened. The last few times we came here, the rolls got progressively worse, as did the service. On the most recent visit the waitress was just a straight up b*tch, and we were sure we must be on punk'd. Their hot sake must have changed because it isn't as good as it used to be. Either that or I just had such a bad taste in my mouth over the way we were being treated. They also stopped doing Sapporo draft during happy hour. *Sigh* I'm thoroughly bummed.Updating my review because this place completely changed my opinion on them. 
I visited Sake Cafe a little over a year ago and experienced the worst service of any Japanese restaurant I've ever been to in my life. The waiter (who was clearly a newbie) messed up our order countless times, forgot food, etc. That being said, I remembered the food being pretty decent. But, my experience made me forget about the quality of food at the time. Because it was my birthday, I wanted to go to a more restaurant vibe sushi place rather than my usual Asuka sushi spot. 
This time was a whole new experience. Our waitress was super friendly. She answered all our questions about menu items, brought us over 4 different dipping sauces to try our sushi with (ALL free of charge - not even a spicy mayo charge), and checked in on our party frequently. Service was already a 5 star. 
As for the sushi, daaaaaamn! Had I really been missing out on this place all year?! I was actually angry I waited so long to go back because it was phenomenal. Huge rolls, stuffed to the gills (punny right? Because fish have gills)? The sashimi here is unbeatable. They do that fancy ish where they put it on a bed of ice on its own plate - points to the sushi chefs. 
About time I find a sushi spot that serves shumai in NOLA. What's with all this gyoza only deal? This place has like 3 different types of dumplings. Oh yeah, I ordered the tuna avocado roll, spicy tuna roll, and rainbow roll. Straight fire!!! So good. 
I'll be back, probably a little too often, but you killed it Sake!I don't yelp much, but the first time I came to this place it was really a bad experience and, after insistence from many of my friends to try again, tonight I did so and I want to give the restaurant props for changing my opinion. The sushi I ordered tonight was great and the service was good. I recently moved from Los Angeles to New Orleans and am accustomed to INCREDIBLE sushi. For anyone hailing from the west coast, just know that it doesn't exist here on that level. Having said that, of all the places I've now tried, Sake Cafe on Magazine is as close as you'll get. Steer away from anything that sounds like it has been transported...salmon or scallops probably a 'no'. And ask the server what's fresh. There's tons of incredible food in New Orleans but if you really need a sushi fix then this is probably your best bet. Ps...stay away from California roll or anything with crab...they use the fake stuff.By far the worst service I have ever experienced  in New Orleans. I love my city but I will never eat at this place nor recommend it to anyone visiting the city.
A friend and I ordered Shrimp Teriyaki and Chicken Teriyaki take out. We waited at the bar roughly 45 minutes to an hour in front of the lady who took our order and we tipped prior to receiving our food. She also kept the loose change which I found odd.
My friend inquired about the order, the order had been sitting on the counter for about 15 minutes.What a let down! I was excited driving by to come and check this place out! I always go by but never stopped. So this night I took the dive and stopped. The decor and facility is not bad, very comfortable and seemed to be busy for a week night. I had a pre dinner cocktail and it was not bad. They did not know what Pimm's was!?! It's New Orleans folks! Ordered my sushi and it looked beautiful and very well put together. But half way into the roll I was kind of let down. Did not seem as fresh as other places and just didn't pop in my mouth. Kind of felt underwhelmed when I left.Great spot for sushi and a drink! 
The ambiance is classy, yet you can definitely sit at the bar or on the patio outside. Sake Cafe has a very long menu with an overwhelming amount of excellent options--same can be said for both food and drink menus.
I would recommend coming for the lunch bento box which ranges between $9-12 and comes with soup, salad, rice, sashimi and whatever extra thing you want, be that more sushi, tempura, or teriyaki beef, chicken, or salmon. 
Come for the happy hour from 3-6 which has half priced cocktails (normally $8).I ate here last week and I must say it's my favorite sushi place in New Orleans so far. The service was absolutely amazing. Our waiter was great and very accommodating towards my group of 5. The sushi itself was very delicious. I ordered the Po Boy Roll and a Shrimp Tempura Roll and both were great. The ambiance of the restaurant was also very nice. Overall I am very satisfied with this place and could easily become a regular customer here. Best sushi and service in NOLA, no doubt about it!One of my favorite local sushi places. The service is always consistent and food is great! Love the parking lot and drink specials. Also they have a great bento box for lunch for $10, can't go wrong.Two Thumbs Up!
My wife and I have been to New Orleans several times, but we have never been to a sushi restaurant, so we decided to give it a try.
We ordered "Never Bored Tuna" appetizer that our waiter Nicholas recommended.  It was spicy and great!
Then we ordered "Tuna & Tuna Roll", "Rice Paper Roll", "Crawfish Roll", "Sea Urchin", and "Sweet Shrimp".  They were all very fresh and AWESOME!!!!
We definitely recommend this place for sushi lovers!My favorite sushi in the country (alright, that only includes NOLA, Philly, and a very meager sampling of Chicago, plus some suburban strip malls). 
I went back again and it was just as I remembered- delicious, fresher and cheaper than in the bigger cities.  The building itself is a former KB drugstore renovated to look like a bar on the Death Star.  Look at the side windows when you're there and this will make sense, at least if you're a huge dork.  
There's more to eating in New Orleans than gumbo and poboys!Really good quality, fresh sushi. The vibe is also really chill which is nice. Staff is pleasant and attentive. 
The building is clean and the bathrooms are maintained. There is also an adjacent parking lot. We sat inside, but the outdoor seating looks really great for a nice day. 
There is also a Facebook and Yelp offer so you can get a free appetizer or a drink, which I was happy to take advantage of. I got to try the cucumber salad for free, which was very crisp and refreshing. I'm glad I got a chance to try it because it was great, though I would probably order something else if it weren't free.I always get take out from here! They are pretty reliable for last minute dinner and those hunger attacks! 
Not the best sushi I've eaten but not bad either! Nice bar area too.Extremely disappointed. I came here for happy hour (3-6) where certain sushi rolls were only 3.50! Our waitress helped me and a friend out with the menu for happy because it was our first time. Pleasant and helpful, so that was a good sign...so I thought. 
The happy hour menu said under sushi: salmon, eel, tuna, etc. I told her I would like a "salmon roll, tuna roll, and an eel roll." She's kindly responds "sounds great. I'll put those right in for you to have your happy hour prices incorporated!" (It was 5:50 so we were cutting it close and she helped us out).
We get our food. Mediocre at best, but regardless I was happy it was cheap and filling.
WELL, we get our check and she charged us both FULL PRICE. We ask her to fix it and she tells us "oh, you ordered ROLLS, not individual pieces of sashimi" WELL MY BAD BUT WHY DID YOU NOT STOP ME FROM ORDERING THOSE WHEN I SPECIFICALLY SAID I WANTED ALL MY FOOD OFF THE HAPPY HOUR MENU
Never coming back here. Oh, she went to Loyola and I go to Tulane. Never trust a Loyola student..Amazing !  I usually don't equate New Orleans with good sushi but this is where to find it! Creative menu of rolls and appetizers plus high quality sushi.  Atmosphere is classy and chic and right in the heart of Magazine.  Server was attentive, friendly and helpful suggesting two fabulous rolls - the Marilyn Monroe and Firecracker. We will be back !!A David Lynch type irritating noise
A sushi chef who didn't seem to know how to distinguish on the menu the difference between hand roll and cut roll. The same Chef had to ask help from his co-chefs what "Albacore or Honmachi" was??  Nice portions of sushi. Server was very helpful and pleasant. Being from Los Angeles I'm a little spoiled. So...enter at your own risk.I have come here about three times. Two were for dinner. It was nothing special.  But I came for happy hour, and was very pleased with the specials, including the drink specials.  I normally don't order cocktails, but let's just say that there were hefty pours.  Goat cheese gyoza was good, but really hot (temp) wise.  So, wait a bit to dive right in.  The roll and sushi specials were really good. I will be visiting the happy hour a lot more.  Wait staff was attentive during my meal.So I have been away from NOLA for many many years but upon my return I took a group of friends to Happy Hour on the patio and Sake Cafe did not disappoint! The food was amazing! The drinks were rockin! And our waiter Adam was the BOMB! Will definitely be back! Highly recommend the Happy Hour for great food and drink prices!Don't call for a pickup order if you in a hurry. Pickup usually takes 45-60 and I often have to correct it when I get there but the bartenders are nice and have hooked me up with beers on severl occasions while I wait for my food. The do deliver but only after 4pm. Their rainbow roll and crunch rolls are amazing as is the yellowtail and jalepeno salsa app. Beware of the wok friend calamari app. It's scary and not what we were expecting at all. sparse on the batter and very chewy! But I was saved by their seaweed salad!Amazing happy hour! I'm always happy to go in and get some discounted sushi and cocktails and a nice place. The service is always fast and friendly.Happy Hour! Crawfish, crunchy & snow crab rolls are llife! Our waiter John was awesome too & made our meal Bomb!I visited for the first time, and got what I expected for the area--an Uptown atmosphere with an lively vibe.  I've had several dishes from Sake Cafe, and I've liked just about all of them.  This time, I had the Crawfish Rolls, which I enjoyed immensely.
It has a cool atmosphere for either hanging out with friends or date night.  I was really into the decor.  I didn't get a chance to sit on the patio, but I will one day soon. :-) I couldn't take my eyes off the light fixtures, either.  They are very "dragony" (yes, like frozen dragon flames or something).  
The complaint I have is that the bar and wait areas as well as the parking lot are really cramped.  Otherwise, I truly enjoyed my experience.Awesome baked salmon appetizer! Sushi is always fresh and option to sit outside is always a plus :)This was the best Japanese cuisine I have had. Far better than any other sushi places here. The salmon tasted light it was caught that day, so fresh. Definitely recommend this place to sushi lovers. We also got an appetizer platter that was the perfect size for two and worth every penny.We had a great meal here last week. They have some amazing options off the beaten path of most sushi places, and their wine selection was impressive. Our server, Sammy was the best. He was so sweet and funny and full of great advice on the menu. We will definitely be back and will absolutely request to have Sammy as our server again.I could hit myself for not going here weekly. I came here years back when I was just visiting, I remember that although I enjoyed my food it was too expensive for my wallet... Although the sake margaritas were worth every penny. So the last two years I have lived a stones throw from here and only went the other night when nothing else was open. I didn't go wild but I was satisfied and I have been dreaming of the food since. I've been on a mushroom kick as of late and changed my mind when I saw they had a warm mushroom salad. It is so good. I got it sans dressing but the mushrooms are cooked in olive oil and I find that was enough for the salad. It was 7 bucks and well worth it. I also had tempura veggies as an appetizer and tuna sushi. Oh man it was so fresh. My meal was very light, service was great and atmosphere is lovely ( sat on the patio). I am moving back to my birthplace and will miss it... Especially the salad... I will have to go there for lunch today!Horrible!, Will never return. Wrong appetizer, scallops were past their expiration date! I hope I don't end up on Monsters inside me! Old cocktails, this place needs to be revamped!Hands down, the best Sake Cafe location. The  sushi and service here are great. Ambience is nice too. I'm had plenty of great conversations here as the atmosphere is soothing and comfortable. This was actually the first sushi restaurant I had ever been to and it was for a first date. He and I didn't work out, but Sake Cafe and I NEVER lost touch! Parking limited.Went Saturday with wife and kids for a birthday dinner. Never Bored Tuna very tasty. Wok Fried Calamari is one the whole family an enjoy. Kids had Tempura Chicken( which I ate a piece and was good). Wife and I shared three different rolls which we had to take some home due to being stuffed. Service was good. Waiter was attentive and joked a little with the kids. Overall very good experience.Everything was amazing! Chris was our server, He was fantastic. Seaweed salad and the sashimi salad were both so delicious. I highly recommend the New Orleans roll. It was sooo delightful, best roll we had. We had a few managers come by to ask us if we were doing okay and how everything was. Overall great staff, very friendly and attentive. We thoroughly enjoyed ourselvesWant to hear it? Here we go!
Our waitress Leah was an angel.+2
I had to remind her about things we needed at the table and the condiments were empty... -2
The bathrooms were clean.. you walked in to the bathroom and it was so clean or either they slotched around bleach with a shot of fabuloso but it smelled clean. +2
We got confused with the Check in - get things for free b/c we failed to read. Leah took it off anyway +2
Manager took care of my meal because it was ..no questions asked. +3
Do not get the Chicken Teriyaki.. so bland.-2
The clear soup, the ribs and the Hot appetizer was good. +2
Pineapple rice +1Best happy hour!!! Love the French Mars!! 
Joey the Manager and Tommy the owner are really cool. Everytime I bring a new friend to Sake, the entire staff always make them feel welcome.
Seriously some of the best bartenders in the city!!!!A bit overpriced by Nola standards but not by national ones.  The name isn't kitsch, there's a decent sake selection to take your head off the check.  Again, the specials stand out, and the presentation is classic if not spectacular.  Still, in the end, for the money you're nigh guaranteed a victorious stomach.
They still ahve a problem with grilled meats and sauces... rubbery beef or bland textures riddle the non-oceanic fare.  Maybe it's on purpose.Please please please change the sound tracks. 
100 bpm techno keeps the sushi from going down right.
Otherwise, this is our every Friday night "go to" for sushi.
Great wait staff, great food, great atmosphere.
Please change the music.Sushi restaurants aren't my everyday, or regular place to go to when I'm hungry. But out of all my selections ranging from Hoshun to Little Tokyo and etc, Sake Cafe earns it's spot aside from Fuji Hana.
My friend and I reserved a party of 4 for my friend's birthday. Warning that since it's Magazine St the parking lot they do have reserved for customers at Sake Cafe is pretty small. (And if you don't want to get caught in that infamously narrow and cramped up street, I suggest you eat at the Sake Cafe in Metarie by Chili's. 
When I walked in, I was amazed by its overall appearance. Out of all the sushi restaurants I've been to, Sake Cafe @ Magazine had a nice, prestigious atmosphere with tables covered in white cloth and other tables without in black (which complimented the entirety of the cafe greatly).
Our waiter came to serve us extremely fast for a place that was crowded, oh and we came at night. One of our own friends were underage and when asked for a drink ordered a Shirley's Temple w/ alcohol without having to show their I.D. Because it was my friend's birthday and we reserved a special spot, we were served first with free compliments from the chef an "ahi tuna poke". After we had ordered our dishes with the one that struck out the most being the Star Roll. Now the Star Roll wasn't on the menu, but because my friend was a regular in this particular restaurant-she still bothered to ask if they were serving the Star Roll, and they did! I recommend ordering the Star Roll (Tuna/Moon Roll) With side sauces for separately dipping into to eat with (spicy mayo/squid sauce). 
Alongside the Star Roll, we ordered Snowcrab Naruto, Baked Salmon, Mochi Green Tea Ice Cream, Pineapple fried rice, and the Tiger Roll.
My experience here was satisfying til the end because they give you free "fancy" chocolates!I have enjoyed this sake cafe since I was in high school and now I take my daughter for a fun after school or (for today) after work mother daughter time.   I have never had an issue, the food has always been amazing and fresh.   We love the happy hour menu because my daughter (8yrs old) will eat raw tuna like it's going out of style and happy hour makes it more affordable.   Today we went in for our usual Gyoza apps and tuna sashimi for her and a wonderful rock'n roll for me.   Our server was BEYOND amazing.  I work in restaurants and what this server did for my daughter was so far above and beyond.  Her name was Courtney.   She entertained my daughter each time she came to the table and even tore off the drawing my daughter did for her on the table and promised to keep it.  My daughter had more fun then ever.   Courtney is AMAZING!!!!!!!   And as always, SAKE CAFE UPTOWN IS AMAZINGTo go order @ bar. Two ladies were very knowledgeable of menu, which is a big plus in my book. Sad that it's come to that: getting excited about servers who actually know the menu...Only got 3 items: Never Bored Tuna appetizer for $13.25; Tropical Salmon special app off menu for $13.50; and Tuna & Tuna Roll for $14.25. Total was $45 after tax. As it was right before closing time while I waited for my order, 2 bartenders were quite noisy as they broke down/cleaned up the bar. Made up for it w/their niceness. Not too observant on refilling my empty drink - in the interest of full disclosure, I have done my share of waiting tables, and as a former waiter, I know customers shouldn't have to ask for a refill.
Anyway, Never Bored Tuna app was, well, boring. Tropical Salmon was good, although for 6 pieces, highly overpriced. Banana slice crusted w/sesame seeds then wrapped in fresh salmon. Tasty! Tuna & Tuna Roll was very nice. Overall, I would probably recommend this sushi joint, but the prices are absurd. I do like the fact that they are open until 12am.Two star quality, but the happy hour gets them plus one. It's in the neighborhood, so sometimes amidst a toxic hangover, I order food to go. There's better quality sushi, but not within sprinting distance from my house. I went during happy hour once and enjoyed it. A bunch of rolls for 3.50, the bar smelt like bleach, and cheap Japanese beer. Hard to ask for much more than that. Anyway, I'm sure it won't be the last time I say it's the last time I order from sake.During a recent meal at the Sake Cafe, I sat admiring their unique glass decor. Already one of the best destinations to dine Uptown. Sake Cafe is a fresh new take on Japanese in New Orleans. 
I had the Nabeyaki Udon and my girlfriend had the rainbow and jazz rolls. It was great! We'll be back!One of best economical place and also a Perfect happy hour.  Must try chicken spring roll, soft nd  Spicy screaming shrimp, crunchy roll, Thai style tilapia.Sake cafe is good! Their happy hour is AMAZING and I wish I could go everyday! 
I've always had great service here so no complaints there! 
Their rolls are always presented beautifully with plenty of sauce on the plate and their specialty cocktails are yum!Tempura was so greasy it was dripping. Not good. It was not edible. Sushi was just ok. Service was ok. Nothing special.Why one star??? The food was okay but the worst part is the SERVICE is terrible and SLOWWWW. It took forever for our cocktails to arrive, appetizers took like 30 mins to come out too. Oh and my friend's tempura dinner came out an hour later where everybody in our table is pretty much done with our dinner meal. The server apologized but it took him another 20 mins to show up to say hello to our table and we have to ask him again UM where's the tempura dude? Save your money and go to Sushi brothers on Saint Charles where's it's cheaper and service is a lot better and the quality of the food is just the same.  I'm a server myself so I know what it's like to deal with situations like that but our server at Sake Cafe was just MEH... BTW we still tipped him 18%...Great atmosphere, upbeat ambient club music. Food is great but try not to over-order! Staff is friendly and quick.I repeatedly asked for a pitcher of water and no one wanted to say no, but no one brought it to me; however, Frank refilled my glass quickly.  The fish was fresh and tasty, and the warm mushroom salad was really good.New Orleans sushi has been the only food that has consistently disappointed me, but Sake Cafe has been the most successful of the ones I've tried. The sushi itself is good, and if you like spicy things, the Chicken Hot Pot soup is awesome, with lots of lime and spice. The service is sloooooow, so leave a while for your meal. It's also more expensive than other sushi places, but given the choices, it's the one I go to most often.Great place for happy hour. Great drink and food specials. Checked in and tried to use the free drink provided through Yelp and was denied by management with no explanation. Just said we're not accepting Yelp coupons and manager didn't even bother to come and try to explain it to us ‍
So... I would have given 5 stars but customer service was lacking
******* we ended up asking for the manager to find out their policy and she was nice and explained that they don't honor the Yelp coupons because they have so many other promotions. Yelp needs to update this ********We go for Happy Hour frequently. It is a wonderful value. They are very easy going with my three children and are happy to accommodate them. It is a family favorite.It helps that this place is around the corner from my house, but I love this place!  Super original rolls and an extensive .  I particularly love the Spice Girl and Spiderweb rolls, but they are all pretty damn awesome, albeit a tad pricey.  The sashimi is always ice cold and super fresh.  The appetizers are pretty wonderful too. I recommend the Chicken Fire Pot Soup (only $3!!!) and the sashimi appetizer sampler.  
The only thing that bums me out is that they took my favorite thing off the menu for some reason.  They used to have these mussels in a green curry sauce.  They were the best mussels I've ever had and I was so shocked and sad to see they were gone last time!  I'm trying to squeeze the recipe out from the manager...I think he'll budge soon.  But LaThai Uptown has a very similar dish that is basically just as good, so it satisfies my mussel craving!Sake Cafe on Magazine Street was such an unexpected find. Having journeyed to Magazine for shopping, the cabbie dropped us out front of Sake - and immediately hungry, we went in for lunch. 
Do not miss the goat cheese, apple, and tuna tartare appetizer - pretty sure I can die now, having had that in my mouth. The rolls are inventive and delectable. Service rocked - our server was delightful and attentive.
Will make it a point to visit the next time I'm in the Big Easy.It was alright. I felt like I could have gotten more for what I paid...Ok sushi and sashimi - same as other good such places. Good prices. Pleasant service. Hipster atmosphere. I'll go back.Absolutely one of my favorite sushi places in Louisiana!
Staff is accommodating.
Sushi is fresh and delicious presentation is gorgeous.
Whenever I'm in town on the South Shore I usually visit here.
Try these items:
hard rock Roll
Cucumber salad... You will be delighted
Goat cheese gyozo... I like them steamed rather than friedScreaming shrimp, crunchy roll and the goodness in a tiny glass "Tokyo Moontini" are the best. For the ambiance and price it's a must go to place in New Orleans.Food was good, server was pleasant but it took forever....make sure you have plenty of timeWas a lot better than I thought, fish is fresh and always in an interesting design.  My only wish is that they would have spicier dishes.    But that's almost everywhere I go, if you go here you'll get great sushi!!   The bartender Leah has a New Orleans swagger and will really make sure she gets you your favorite dishI ordered takeout last night.  I called when I was about 45 minutes away, and the hostess told me it would be 30 minutes.  When I arrived 45 minutes later (so, 15 minutes after the time I was told to come), it still was not ready.  The bartender apologized and explained that it was crazy.  There was another woman there waiting for takeout who was also clearly annoyed and complained to the bartender about the wait.  After about 10 minutes of standing there waiting, I went and sat in my car for another 10 minutes (I really wanted this sushi, ok?).  When I came back in, I was told again that my food was still not ready.  At this point, it had been well over an hour since I called (and the hostess had told me 30 minutes!).  And I'd only ordered one roll!  I made them refund my credit card and told them I no longer wanted the order.  The manager came over and apologized and explained again that the restaurant was crazy, but kind of gave me a what-do-you-expect look (um, I expect to not be told takeout will take 30 minutes when it really will take over an hour).
Admittedly, they were apologetic, and one of the bartenders offered to give me a glass of wine to take home (which is nice but kind of weird - what were they going to do, put it in a water bottle for me?).  The restaurant was busy, but it wasn't THAT busy; it's not like there was a line of people waiting around the corner.  It was a Friday night - this restaurant isn't new and should be prepared for a typical weekend night crowd.  Overall, even on a busy night, it shouldn't take over an hour for the kitchen to get around to preparing one roll.  The food here is good, but this is just a sign of a poorly managed restaurant.  There are a lot of really good restaurants in New Orleans - use your judgment on whether you want to go to this one.Love this place! Half priced sushi from 3-6 - Happy Hour is great (everyday -  limited menu)   ..  Charlie is the manager and he is awesome , really friendly and accommodating. Really Great!!!  Customer service is perfect and the food is fantastic. Courtney was our waitress and she was very attentive, loved her . yummy yummy tuna is a Must!! Lemon drop drink was super good. All around AWESOME EXP ALL AROUNDI like Sake Cafe II. I think their food is really good, and it is an attractive restaurant. I am a big fan of their rolls. They are generously sized and made with fresh sushi. They do have a couple with fruit in them (I believe mango and maybe banana), and I'm not a fan of those, but I have tried and liked most others. Their actual sushi is very good. Most recently I got the sushi bento lunch box. It was very tasty and a nice portion size. Overall, it was a good value. And while, Sake Cafe II is more expensive than many other sushi restaurants in town, it does offer good bang for the buck.
For the above, I would have debated between giving the place a 4 or a 5, BUT (as mentioned in numerous other reviews), their service is really not good. When busy, their food can be very slow, but the wait staff can also forget about their diners. As an example at my most recent visit, my group needed a couple more minutes to decide what to order. The waitress said she would be back, but she disappeared for ten minutes. Then, when I needed water with my food, I could not find her. I placed my empty glass on the edge of the table to try to get her attention, but she was very slow to notice.
I have probably been there ten times, so while the service drives me crazy, their food brings me back.Crazy to find interesting Japanese food in NOLA. Not exactly west coast sushi - lots of sauces hidden in the rolls - but the fish is fresh, the portions are good-sized, and the taste is good. Weird to walk out of a sushi bar and feel like I've eaten a heavy meal, but look where it is.This is one of my favorite sushi restaurants. The chicken firepot soup is spicy, tangy and a great start to your meal. The rolls are fresh with great presentation.  The ambiance is perfect for a first,second or third date. However,  this time I was just with friends which is cool for groups too .Possibly the best sushi I've had in the area.  The cherry  blossom is amazing.  Me and my lady had the pleasure of devouring them and many other tasty rolls.    The server was one the best I've had.  He made us fresh green tea and brought out a whole pitcher for us.  The cherry blossom roll was his recommendation and they did not disappoint. Also love the miso soup. One of my favorite restaurants.  A+Awesome happy hour specials, great cuts of sashimi, highly recommend for sushi in New Orleans, Chris waited on us today excellent job!Stopped by for Happy hour to give Sake a go. Nice decor. Ample indoor seating. Much smaller outdoor patio but, hey it's Magazine. It was a little chilly so I sat inside. A lot of windows, good lighting. That's always a plus.
Ok so I went with the California Roll and Snow Crab. Both were pretty good. Freshly prepared and for $3.50 the portions are nice. 6 rolls per order. I know California Roll is pretty basic but, there's was really good. 
I decided to order the chicken spring roll off the appetizer menu per server suggestion. I wanted to love them but, I had to wait 15 minutes for one order. They sent mine to the wrong table. The double whammy;  I asked my server if they had mushrooms, shiitake not my thing, she said no. 1st bite after 15 minute wait, yep a mushroom, big wet one. Needless to say great thing I'm not allergic. I posted a photo. If their brought to the right table and shiitake mushrooms are your thing definitely give it a go. 
My server was very nice. My issues were the misinformation and once she got sat with another table she seemed a little overwhelmed.
Now to end with the good stuff. Let's talk cocktails!  Lol well actually singular. I planned to try a few but, she recommended the MANGOTINI. I tried it and got stuck. Lol it was sooooo good. Needless to say I'll definitely be back. Gotta get a patio seat. Maybe next time I can give that 4th star I wished I could give this go around.Sake Cafe is my favorite sushi restaurant by far! It's located on Magazine Street (and there is a parking lot so you don't have to worry about the hassle of trying to find street parking). Usually, we'll go walking around Magazine before stopping here for lunch.
Now onto the food....it's delicious! I've tried many of their rolls, and I've always been more than satisfied. So good!
Not to mention, the ambience itself is really nice and the staff is really friendly and helpful if you're trying to decide on what to order. They'll definitely steer you in the right direction!Usually a bad sign when you're watching the sushi chefs and staff argue in Chinese...Sashimi was warm and tasted off. Lychee martini was a premixed syrupy mess. Everything just made my stomach terrified for the next few hours.Good sushi, though I personally feel you can find comparable food for slightly less money if you look around.  Still...the decor is quite nice and they get a huge bonus for having a parking lot that almost always have an available space.  
Tuna rolls, negi toro, rainbow....all good rolls.  Enjoy!Great restaurant. We have had sushi all over the country and I would say that the rolls were on par with some of our favorites. Service was good. We had the uptown, new Orleans, and crunchy roll. All great.Excellent place for dine in. Our server, AVA, is excellent. Very attentive and professional. We started off the night with a gyoza appetizer & Hamachi Kama. Very delicious. Then we followed with our special rolls: banana roll, the beef roll, and the banana roll! All are amazing. Def rolls to check out! We ended the dinner with mochi desert! We always come to dine in when we're in town!Fantastic Happy Hour deals including half priced cocktails, several roll and sashimi options, as well as small bites. The atmosphere here is great, and all of the bartenders I've experienced have been very friendly. 
The sushi roll varieties can certainly use some new additions. While their are indeed some Sake Cafe unique special rolls, the overall selection simply isn't on par with the competition. Further, if you adventure off of the standard sushi and sashimi offerings into entree dishes, you'll soon find yourself wishing for more.
I enjoy teriyaki dishes at most Japanese restaurants, and Sake's was no different. Granted, for price it should be great, not just good. It also took over 40 minutes to receive the food while the place was barely sat. I'd be horrified to see how long it would take if they were actually busy! 
Nothing to write home about here, but it surely isn't bad either.Ok, so they seriously have the best Sake fried rice and Mango fried rice I have ever had in my life. Their Hamachi Kama is to die for! It's Grilled Yellowtail Neck Served with Ponzu Sauce and I swear if you like yellowtail, then you will love this! Their screaming shrimp is also very delicious. It's perfectly flavored with garlic chili sauce (a tad on the spicy side, just a heads up). The shrimp aren't very big, but that didn't bother me because I'm usually not a big shrimp fan. Flaming Volcano Roll is a Seared Tuna, Crab Stick, Tamago, Shrimp, Eel, Fried and Topped with Spicy Tuna and Snow Crab and it comes out on fire! It was really good and the portion was big. They overdid it with the topping of the sushi but, it was still good. The service is also great! Our waitress really knew what to recommend and she was quick and friendly. For dessert, I had the fried green tea icecream which was also delicious because I love green tea icecream. This place is a little bit on the pricier side but I think it is worth is due to great quality service and food!Soooo good! This place gives me sushi liiiiife! My FAVORITE roll is the Tootsie Roll heaven wrapped in riceThe waitress was sweet. The food was okay except the sushi, the sushi was horrible. My date and I noticed that Sake segregated their customers. They had African Americans on one side and Caucasians on the other. I will not visit again.Sake Cafe is the best sushi and appetizers on Magazine street. The inside is more formal and cocktail lounge than you might expect but I think that adds to it because it is a little pricier than your average sushi "cafe." The bar is a great place to sit if you are just there with girlfriends or I have also seen a lot of people come to the bar to come and eat by themselves! The sushi is fresh, also flavorful (never any weird aftertaste like you sometimes get with less quality places), and presented nice (not some huge thrown together pieces or anything). 
Def a must go if you are craving sushi after strolling down the shops on magazine  :)Defintiely check out this place for lunch.  For $9 I got the "lunch box" which included soup, salad, dumplings, vegetable tempura, fruit, rice and a sushi roll!  It's an amazing deal and excellent food.I've been going to Sake since I was 15! I'm now 30! up until yesterday I've always been served by an amazing staff. But yesterday my sister and I had the worst experience ever. Our waiter was rude-he got annoyed when we advised we were ready to order after waiting for 25 minutes for him to ask for our order. The place was EMPTY. We didn't get our water until 15 minutes later but at that point we'd had enough. We requested the manager and he never came-we were told he was in an "interview". After 15 years of frequenting this restaurant I will never spend another penny there againI came here for my BFF"s birthday dinner while partying it up in New Orleans. I have to say, I was skeptical (call me small minded) about eating sushi in New Orleans, home of swamp water, turtle soup and gators. I was pleasantly surprised by the modern atmosphere, cute and trendy crowd and sizable sushi/sake menu.
Our waitress was sweet and very attentive (Shout outs to Frida) and the hostesses were charming. I would HIGHLY recommend this place and I'll certainly visit again next time I'm in town!I'm not impressed with this place but I'm also strangely ...not not impressed... 
I came in late on a weekday night about half an hour before closing and service was pretty fabulous. They were awesome to reseat me after I got attacked by mosquitos and the server was a sweetheart +2 stars
I was looking for a quick bite to snack on so I got the pineapple fried rice and the pad thai. Bang for your buck wise, these "appetizers" are awesome. For $5 each, these were huge and I probably should have just gotten one or the other. +1 star for affordability.
Unfortunately, this is kind of where the stars end. Authenticity-wise, this is not the kind of place I would bring my parents or sushi-elitist pals or anyone really (but...$5 for Pei-Wei and a gorgeous ambiance? I'm down to make this place my secret snack spot)
The pad thai tastes closer to noodles, chicken, and eggs mixed with sweet and sour sauce. I'm not even sure if there were peanuts.  The pineapple fried rice was super salty and you could taste the chicken bouillon granules. Like I said earlier, despite the not so great food, I still enjoyed myself. 
I'm definitely willing to give this place another try, but 3 stars is all that I can really ethically give. Props to the service though, they're super awesome!To be fair, I've never dined here for dinner. I've only hit it up for their happy hour, which is pretty sweet. On the happy hour menu you will find two for one specialty cocktails/wine and some of your standard Japanese fare like edamame, miso soup, gyoza, California rolls, etc. A couple of reasons I frequent this joint, besides the happy hour menu, is the ample parking and the patio out front which is great for people watching on Magazine street AND is dog friendly. Woof.Don't walk...run! Run far, far away. 
When we got here we were told it would be a 15-20 minute wait for a table for 2 on a Sunday evening. Fine. While we were waiting, we went to the restroom and while washing our hands we watched a kitchen staff member walk out of the toilet she used (we heard that too...yuck) and NOT WASH HER HANDS! Not cool. We alerted the hostess who, props to her, did immediately go tell her manager. This is where the good ends.
When finally seated, our server took a few minutes to greet our table. We didn't understand why though as there were two tables seated in the entire section, as well as many open tables throughout the restaurant. Why the 20 minutes wait to be seated? Oh well, not really a big deal. She took our drink orders and brought them to us, forgot to ask if we wanted an appetizer or anything which we did because we had been sitting and reading the menu for a hot minute by this time. We finally order the shrimp Gyoza dumplings. And eventually manage to get the girl to take our order.
The food finally arrived a long hour later. I have never waited so long for sushi in my life! Must mention, my dinner companion has had her ice tea refilled 3 times and I have yet to have my soda refilled although I've asked more than once. Over an hour of waiting and not a single refill. Again, not cool. The sushi is so-so at best. I was hoping to be blow away after the wait but was bitterly disappointed. I work in the service industry- forgot to mention that earlier. If I had a table waiting this long for food I would be up my managers behind to do something to make the table happier about the situation. 
Avoid this place if you can. There's many other options along magazine like Rum House or even Balcony Bar and Grill that will both satisfy your taste buds and time management much better.This place has a really great happy hour-everyday 3-6pm!  I'm not usually drawn to chain restaurants, but when you want a quick sushi fix with 2 for one beer, this is the place.completely rude service every single time. I was in there about 8pm the other night and the manager was actually cursing the bartender out right in front of us. we asked the waiter about this , and if they thought anything of the fact that there were customers around and he just laughed and shrugged it off. Great entertainment for tv but not for a nice dinner date.Sake Cafe is a great place for a dinner date if your craving sushi and want an intimate atmosphere. The blown glass artwork on the walls and the ceilings are beautiful. It made for a very trendy experience. 
We were starving immediately so we knew we needed to order some appetizers. We shared a seaweed/ squid salad and a miso soup. These were my favorite parts of our whole meal. The seaweed salad was a good size where my boyfriend and I were able to share it. The miso soup was excellent. I feel like ordering miso soup is like ordering chicken noodle; It usually tastes the same, but can easily be too watered down. Not this miso soup! It was excellent! It had a good consistency and great tofu.
I wouldn't recommend coming here on a first date. No one wants to see someone you are just meeting open their mouth super wide to put a huge sushi roll in whole. They definitely are not stingy one their rolls. We had the Spice Girl Roll and the Fire Roll. Both were good, they just lacked a little in flavor and spice. I was expecting them to be hotter than they were. I also felt like that put too much spicy mayo on it. It somewhat took over the whole roll's flavor. 
A dinner date would be no fun without an alcoholic beverage. We ordered two beers and a small sake. Don't forget: You should not pour your own sake! Its bad luck. The cold glasses for the beer were perfectly cold. Not super cold where it was difficult to pick up but just cold enough to really make the beer go down smooth. Next time I am going to have to try a nice cocktail. Great place for a lavish date night!We had a nice waitress who just couldn't make up for Sake Cafe's shortcomings.
Things started off poorly and only got worse. Only after we ordered did the waitress let us know they were out of the two items I wanted the most. It took more than 45 minutes for our rolls to come out. At no point in our hour and half meal did a manager even get close to our table, much less apologize for the delay. But the single biggest reason for leaving a one star rating is that everyone agreed the food was just meh.Service can be hit or miss at times.  But something about the establishment keeps me coming back even through the worst of the offenses.  And yes, there have been quite a few over the years.  No coordination between kitchen and sushi bar - ever - so mixed orders will never arrive on time.  Chicken and Beef dishes are typically dry (getting better lately), in addition to not being the best cuts of meat to begin with (un-trimmed fat in chicken, or unidentifiable and crunchy bits is always disconcerting).
Regardless, the sushi is pretty good - if a tad bit overpriced.  Baked Mussels are my favorite appetizer - so good!  Also, love me some Salmon Skin Handrolls...  They do 'em right here.  The Atmosphere is one of the stronger selling points, as is the location (at least, in my case).
Avoid prime time and you will avoid most of the aforementioned issues.  If not, you're rolling the dice!Favorite Happy Hour in the city. 2 for 1 hot sake, draft beer and cocktails. $3-$4 rolls and a wonderful atmosphere. Watch the world go by on magazine or sit inside with some amazing decor. Parking lot is a plus. Service is pretty inconsistent but the food never takes too long. Try the rice paper roll! Is it the most amazing sushi I've ever had? No... but for the happy hour price it's just perfect. Would I go here outside of happy hour? Probably not.I frequent Sake Cafe II because of their happy hour. They have great prices on a variety of rolls and 2-for-1 cocktails. I find myself coming here on Fridays because it is a great way to cap off the work week with friends. 
Their Lychee Martini will definitely hit the spot after a long work week!
I would prefer to only come here when it's happy hour because the price makes it a great deal, but otherwise I would say it is fairly mediocre both with food and service. The interior of the restaurant is definitely nicer than its competitors, so I would say is it good for groups to have a casual meal, without feeling like you're going to a dive restaurant.Disappointed.  My party of 3 walked in at approximately 1pm for lunch.  We were told it was a15 minute wait.  We walked over to get a drink at the bar and noticed the sushi bar was completely vacant. Asked a gentleman who worked there if we could sit there, he said sure. Proceeded to sit all the while being given strange looks by the sushi chefs, then we were immediately confronted by the curt hostess, ( she had most of her chest,exposed, literally to her waist), that the ENTIRE RESTAURANT was on a 15 minute wait.  Why? Why, with many, many tables and an entire sushi bar vacant are you on a 15 minute wait?  To make the restaurant seem in demand?  
After being seated the service was adequate, Atmosphere quiet.  The baked salmon was very good. We had sushi bullet, not on the menu, also good, tiny portion for $14.  The fish was fresh, the rice to fish ratio in the rolls was acceptable.  There was nothing exceptional about the food, wait staff or dining experience overall.  They should suggest to the hostess to dress a bit more modestly during the day as families with small children made up a good portion of the patrons.Personally I don't love the sushi but my girlfriend thinks it's worth coming here for despite the terrible service. They always start off decent but get worse as the meal goes on. Meh.For a non-fish/sushi eater, there were plenty of options. Pad Thai side is better than most Thai places in town, and a more than filling portion for only $4. Pork Gyoza was not bad either. Will definitely be returning for the pad thai.The food and the specials are great. The smell coming from the bar is not so great. Off street parking is a plus and rare on Magazine St.Two firsts today: my 200th review, and my first sushi restaurant experience in New Orleans! Others have spoken about the history of the building - all true. Others have spoken about the service - sadly, true. It's very efficient, and fast, but if you're looking for some magical profusion of warmth and the usual quirkiness of NOLA restaurants, look elsewhere. Besides, if you're with a group or on a date, why would you want the server hijacking your experience?
The wine list is reasonably priced, with many well-known California wines listed. The sake list wasn't as extensive as I'd hoped, and wished I could have had a flight of sakes offered. I went with two appetizers: the Marilyn Monroe and the Fire Roll. Despite their descriptions, neither are risk takers. Marilyn was enjoyable: avocado wrapped in tuna and offered with a ponzu sauce. The Fire Roll was a behemoth roll with too much gooey sauce and none of the aforementioned fire.  It wasn't terrible, just much blander than I expected. The portion sizes are generous, so it's good for sharing. 
I'll go back and see if I can request omakase - no one was sitting at the sushi bar itself, and that was a little disheartening. BTW, I sat next to someone who said he grew up in Marin County, yet referred to Japantown as 'Little Tokyo'. Can anyone give me a little clarification? Was there a PC name change?I go here just because of the miso soup. Some miso soup can be boring and flavorless, but this is by far the best I've ever had. It somehow tastes really salty without making your mouth feel like you just ate a bunch of salt. The crisp green onions take it to another level.
They have good happy hour deals (both on sake and on rolls). 
The crawfish roll is a favorite because it is so unique to New Orleans and I do recommend it, though it doesn't taste like traditional sushi. 
The seaweed salad is also one of my favorites. It's a very large portion and perfectly seasoned.I love the ambiance of this place, dimly lit with colorful glass sculpture lights keeping it classy-casual.  The bar has an extensive sake/wine list and Sapporo on tap.  The happy hour could be worth catching if the cocktails weren't all so "girly", but perfect for drinks and appetizers/desserts if you are into that kind of thing.
Try the po-boy roll!
The main problem with Sake Cafe is the service.  The couple times I've been here, it's been not only slow but downright inattentive.  If the service stepped it up, this place would get another star or two.I've lived near Sake cafe on an off for 15 years. It was never my favorite sushi in town, but I started going there more frequently out of convenience. I'd usually sit at the sushi bar, where you're assigned a server, even if you're only ordering sushi from the sushi chef. The service from the floor server was always awful. The last time I sat there, I got my sushi from the sushi chef and finished it all before the server even brought me water and sake. The management's solution was to give me a 15% coupon that they already attach to to go orders. Unfortunately, the sushi bar has to split the tips with the server, even if the server does nothing. I stopped going for a while after that. Then I got to know the bartenders and really liked them. So I became a regular at the bar, at least 3x/ week during happy hour. Service was great at the bar and I really enjoyed their company. Sadly, the management at this restaurant doesn't understand the value of quality staff and treated them terribly. They recently fired most of the people I went to see and it got so bad that my favorite bartender had to quit. To the Sake cafe management... the staff at the bar was the ONLY reason I was a regular. There is far better sushi in town, like Haiku and Asuka. You don't even have real crab. It's all fake. I only chose Sake Cafe because of Dean, Leah and Josh. You should treat your employees better and understand that they keep your regulars coming back. You just lost me as a customer, as well as a lot of other regulars in the neighborhood. We all no longer have a reason to go there since you decided to clean house on the best staff you had. Hopefully you realize that it's important to treat your staff well. You need them more than they need you. All your neighborhood regulars went there for them, not because of the food. Honestly, Sake cafe has always been my least favorite sushi in town. 
Side note... if you order something to pick up, DO NOT tip on the to go order. All to go order tips go to the restaurant. Not the staff. I've worked in many restaurants and that's just shady. These people don't care about their staff at all.The sushi was pretty good. The Miso Soup wasn't bad, but the service was reminiscent of Applebee's.I never liked sushi until my friend took me to Sake II. Now that I eat sushi 3 times a week. Sake II is still my favorite spot. The shrimp pineapple friend rice is the best. If I could eat Sake II everyday I would. I love it. The atmosphere is modern and relaxing. The staff is mostly amazing. Once or twice I had a bad apple. The happy hour 2 for 1 drinks is so fun and the drinks are good. BEWARE OF THE OTHER SAKE LOCATIONS! They suck and the food is nasty. The sushi is chewy and the rice was bland. I asked why those locations was not as good as SAKE II and the staff stated that the sister and her husband runs SAKE II. The family needs to allow them to run all the locations because it's the only good one.Come in before 3pm and enjoy one of their specials. It's literally one of the best values. I had the sushi bento box and edamame. For some reason, sea salt made their edamame better than all the others I've tasted. Their sushi was exquisite, too. I was more than happy with their service and everything was delivered in a timely manner.Dave and his staff were amazing. I celebrated my 30th birthday in their upstairs reserved space. The sushi and the rolls were delicious. I'd never had pineapple in my chicken and shrimp fried rice so that was a really nice touch. The sashimi was fresh and cut expertly and to top it off they offer happy hour every day from 3-6p with 2 for 1 drinks. Try the strawberry & blueberry mojito....one of the best mojitos I've had in a long time.Tonight we tried dining here for the second time. We sat at our table for ten minutes, waiting to be acknowledged. From our last experience, we had learned that dining in would take longer than usual, but this was bordering on ridiculous. We walked out and I doubt that anyone even noticed. This place is very strangely run and it seems to be very hit and miss on the type of service you will get. Perhaps we have always had misses! Whatever the reason, we will not be back to roll the dice again!Got there just as it was opening for lunch on a weekday. The outside sating was nice for people watching. Some fans would be a nice addition. I had the pork dumpling soup and Tootsie Roll. Both were very delicious. And the service was fine.Decided to go to Sake Cafe after returning to school from summer vacation. I had mixed feelings about Sake originally, but my last visit in April was phenomenal so I decided to return. Unfortunately, Sake did not meet my previous expectations and I was left underwhelmed and frustrated.
To begin, Sake has some seriously good hot food. Dumplings, pad Thai, calamari - all tasty and worth the trip. However, the sashimi/ sushi was average at best. The eel sashimi was great - melt in your mouth and tasty. I ordered the love boat for two with a friend and a majority of the fish was either too frozen or tasteless. 
The love boat for two was dominated by whitefish sashimi. The whitefish was too frozen and was difficult to even bite into, gross. The octopus was way too tough. I've had octopus sashimi elsewhere and this was the first place I've ever spit it out, literally. The rest of the sashimi was average at best. 
The only reason I bumped this to 3 stars is because their spicy tuna is the best in the area. 
I would not recommend this place for sushi/sashimi, but if you are in the mood for decent asian food, this is not a bad option. Great place for date nights, as the lighting is dim and they try and come off as a more upscale sushi joint.Not very good. They use a lot of fake crab in their sushi. The salad was swimming in salad dressing and the miso soup was super salty.Here right now. We've been waiting over an hour for our entrees and we just finished getting our appetizers. On top of this, one of the people in our party ordered salmon sashimi and got salmon roe instead and want offered to get this corrected (he's too timid to demand it be fixed).
We ordered two seaweed salads that came out within ten minutes, a pass Thai that came out twenty minutes later, two sushi appetizers that took thirty minutes longer, and Edamame which took twenty minutes longer.
The entrees came out shortly after the Edamame and the food was fantastic. The sushi was great (except for the order that was taken incorrectly), but the service did not match up. We ran out of soy sauce and after waiting ten minutes, I just grabbed it off of another table.
The only time our waters were refilled was when I stopped him and asked for them to be. The restaurant is pretty dead, so I can't find a reason as to why this service has been so poor.
The food was excellent, but the service was some of the wrist I've ever received. I would have asked for a manager, but my party preferred to passively complain instead and not have me make a big deal.
If the service improves, this will be a 5/5, but the experience brought it to a 3/5. Hire better waiters.The waitress we had was AWFUL. We sat for 10mins before being acknowledged (I had to wave down the hostess to make sure we weren't forgotten). One she did arrive, she insinuated that I was impatient and proceeded to spill sauces and water everywhere while trying to explain what an attentive waitress she was. Worst of all, I received my entree 12mins before my girlfriend did. Do you know what it's like staring at a plate of sushi for 12mins? It's TORTURE. 
The food was good, though. 
As a former waiter I tend to shy away from giving bad reviews. But this place inspired me.The service was slow, the drinks were too sweet,  the rice was made with dirty water and it was overcooked. The actual roles on the menu were wonderful, which is why this place got three out of four stars. The place was not packed when we were there, yet it was slow. Really really slow. Drinks took 20 minutes to come out and food took forever. 
The place was beautiful though. The ceilings were covered in beautiful glass art - really lovely. With the right management, kitchen execution and water filter, this place has potential to improve to a higher rating.My husband and I decided to go in for a quick drink and some sushi. Sat at the bar. Service was very slow at the bar. The drinks were mediocre. There was only one bartender for the bar and whole restaurant, was very clear she had to much on here plate. Ordered spicy yellow tail roll and a simple spicy tuna roll. Both rolls where delicious. Overall good was good. Prices are kinda steep for what we had ordered.Service is slow, and the food is on the expensive side but of good quality and fair portions. Nice modern atmosphere but almost nothing about this place is Japanese at all.  Overall my Japanese and Sushi experiences in New Orleans has been less then desired and if this were Los Angeles would not return but given the limited choices here I would recommend this place only if you were in the area.  For Sushi & Japanese food I would recommend Origami on Freret.The most amazing sushi restaurant I've have been to in New Orleans. The service was amazing and the food is to die for. I had the fire roll and it was the best sushi I have ever had. And this place delivers to the uptown area.Within walking distance of our hotel+++
Shared a few rolls and they were tasty and fresh, then we tried the crab and were shocked to see Krab on the plate. -----
The house drinks were original and tasty but weak --
Our waitress was awesome++++
Good ambiance+++It's not that the food is bad, it's actually one of my favorite places to eat, it's the utter lack of service.  I literally come here one to three times a week to either take my gf on a date or pick up dinner to go, and they still nickel and dime me for everything, get this, they up charged me a dollar for getting raw tuna instead of Pam seared.  Seems to me they should discount for less work and every time my gf orders shrimp instead of salmon it's 2 dollars.  On top of nickel and dining me when I drop $100, they have the slowest kitchen on the planet, as I sit here 45 minutes after I made a to go order I got bored and fed up enough to make my first yelp review.  If your thinking about coming here steer clear, it'll take you all night and cost twice what Kyoto or Rock and Saki do for the same thing with shittier service, they just happen to make both of our favorite rolls that no one else understands, so we are forever screwedThe best thing about Sake Cafe is their Lycheetini. That's good and bad: Good because few restaurants are lucky enough to come up with a signature drink so awesome, bad because... well, it's a sushi restaurant.
The sushi at Sake isn't bad by any stretch. It's a bit on the less creative side, and I wish there were more options that didn't consist of seafood mashed into mayo. The rainbow roll and the star roll (off menu and super fun to eat) are great and their lowly veggie roll is as good as vegetarian sushi gets. Definitely go for happy hour 3-6 pm every day if you can!My favorite sushi of all time. I get it to go usually, but the resteraunt is very nice, upscale.  Great small bar area. The staff are very nice, always warm and friendly.  Keep your eyes open, you may see a celebrity in here.  5 stars all the way.Food was excellent, 2nd time I have been here since moving to Nola. Love the Tuesday half priced Sake and happy hour everyday. The service at tables in the bar definitely needs work, asked for a menu was brought only one? Had to  call over passing servers for items many times as we were not gotten back to by our server except to offer the bill. Maybe better at the sushi bar?This was recommended to me as the best of the worst 62 sushi restaurants in New Orleans. Having been here for two months, i was desperate for some sushi, Whole Foods sushi was beginning to sound good. I went with low expectations and somehow this place beat my low expectations, literally nothing was good. Well, not nothing, maybe the miso soup was good. In addition in trying to get Shishito peppers and Shiso leaf from the sushi chefs they looked at me like i was from another planet. I realized quickly that they didnt know it cause no one who worked at the restaurant was Japanese, they were all Chinese. I love Chinese food, but i would have loved someone who was Japanese to work in there.
Bottom line is dont go and to top it off, they had the worst music of all time playing.After viewing the China Lights we continued our Asian theme into the night with dinner at Sake Cafe, on Magazine St. Always a popular spot, we once spotted Mark Walberg there. Sake Cafe is just a few feet from the corner of Washington Ave. and Magazine St., . The atmosphere was great and the sushi was amazing, as it always is. We started with some fried calamari which was a bit crunchy but still pretty good. Up next, were the Crab Cakes which were decent, we've had better, just being honest.      Another appetizer was the Spring Chicken Rolls which came out piping hot and delicious, . The exciting appetizer for the night was the Sizzling Grilled Squid Steak, which had the best sauce ever!  We loved it.For our entrees we ordered the Udan Soup which was excellent and hearty. We also had the "Love Boat for Two" which is a huge assortment of 28 Sushi and Sashimi pieces served on a bed of shaved iced on top of a wooden boat. The "Love Boat for Two" can actually serve three or four depending on your love of Sushi and Sashimi. The sushi rolls are your basic California Rolls and the seafood and octopus are scattered about beautifully decorating the boat.     So there you have it, a great way to have a Asian Theme night in New Orleans with family, friends or just someone special. Thanks for stopping by and checking us out. As always you can check us out at www.keepinupwitdacubans.comPlain gross!  And slow service too. 
Sashimi was super thick and had a bad smell to it. Spent 1.5 hour at lunch and just ordered sashimi and the place was not packed. 
Don't recommend and won't be back. UghToday I have to give them 2 stars. Service was terrible!  Waited 15 minutes to be acknowledged and that was only because I got up and left the outdoor sitting area to find out if anyone was going to take my order. I was told by a hostess that the waiter couldn't get outside because there were so many people in the bar blocking his path outside. This was after she asked me if I had been seated by a hostess outside; which I had which would explain why I had a menu and table ware.  When I asked what that meant,  she said she would find a manager. The manager came about 7 minutes later and apologized saying the waiter didn't see me because of all the people in the bar area. Even though the hostess was supposed to tell the waiter. The manager took my order, offered me a free drink with my meal for my patience. The waiter came and brought my drink, soup, and water. This is when he stated that my entrée would likely come before my sushi because the sushi bar was backed up more than the kitchen. He was right! I left before getting my crawfish rolls! I finished my meal and drink and my sushi still had not arrived. The rice was hard definitely not the type of rice that normally comes with teriyaki. I always come here for happy hour. I will have to think twice next time. The waiter was nice and apologetic but the hostesses should have known not to seat guests There if it was closed because it was too chilly. Definitely needs to be better communication amongst the staff!Pros: 
-Good food, creative rolls:
  I ordered a roll with smoked salmon, cream cheese and fried banana which was delicious.
-Good service.
Cons: 
-Dim lighting
-AC is a bit too high
-The prices are a bit too high for what you get:
Miso soup is $2.50, hot tea is the only thing with free refills and is $2, rolls are $12-$15My girlfriend and I enjoyed a fantastic dinner here at the Sake Cafe uptown. The place offers patio dining, a great bar seating area, indoor fine dining, and sushi bar seating. We opted for a table indoors and were treated to excellent service from start to finish. We started off with a drinks. I selected from their cocktail list and my girlfriend selected a nice sauvignon blanc from their well rounded wine list. We shared a delicious Ahi tuna and goat cheese appetizer and shared several of their specialty rolls as an entree. The food took just the right amount of time to come out, we even had just enough of a break before dessert to be ready to finish it! Everything was great, the quality of the food was impressive. I would recommend this place with a high degree of confidence!Every time that I do sushi before a night out, Sake Cafe is my stop. The atmosphere is great for a group of girls or guys dressed up for the night. It is darkly lit and romantic =] And you do not have to wait 2 hours to be seated like Rock N Sake. 
The food is good and my service has always been great the hundreds of times that I've been there. I feel like my food comes out in decent timing. But really every time I come here, I'm not starving... I come to hang out, eat, have drinks, and have a "good time". And about 100 percent of the time I do. 
If you're going there with a negative mindset, you're going to get a negative experience. So go there with some friends, or your significant other and enjoy yourself.Seriously, why have I always walked by here and never even gave it the slightest consideration.  I came for dinner with friends a couple of weekends ago and I was totally surprised.  First, the hosts were super nice and the atmosphere in the restaurant is really cool and inviting.  I didn't expect a club-isn kinda feel from outside but I really liked it.  Then of course our food came and I am fairly certain that I was licking my chops (not sticks, ok that too) by the end of the meal.  Very good! We tried to take the sake as a shot and I about choked so that didn't go well but I'm solely to blame for that.  It really was just a perfect experience and I'm really looking forward to going back soon.not bad but overpriced, so overrated compared to the other sushi options in and around town. pretty good specialty rolls and there's a lot going on here ... just look at all the menu options. can't go wrong but you could do better.Neverboard Tuna is the best!
Yummy soup, Rolls are great, and red bean ice cream hit the spot!
Great atmosphere and really nice service!A solid sushi joint, just don't expect the wait-staff to have personality.  This place is all business, but the sushi was pretty delicious, if not a bit on the heavy side.  Plus, they DELIVER!This was my second visit to Sake Cafe II, I really do like this place. We started with the cucumber salad, yum yum. I love this salad, but I really love it at Sake Cafe. Then the server brought out this little complimentary serving of this cured salmon that had some kind of dill flavored sour cream on it, and wow was that delicious, I asked if it was a regular item on the menu, but unfortunately it wasn't, I wanted more!! I shared the Po-Boy Roll and the Spice Girl Roll, both were really good, but the Po-Boy Roll was on of the best rolls I have had anywhere. Fried soft shelled crab, fried shrimp, and crawfish all in the same roll!!! Heaven!! Sometimes I have this crazy craving  for a particular roll, sometimes its the Sara Roll from Kyoto, sometimes it's the Burning Man roll from Little Toyko, I think this Po-Boy Roll will be a new member of my specific craving list!Sake cafe is my SAFE HAVEN. no joke I come here 3 times a week and the food never disappoints. I would actually bathe in their miso soup if I could. The cherry blossom roll is a 10/10 and the service is always great. They are accomadating for groups big and small and are great with allergies!! I JUST LOVE ME SOME SAKE!I very, very rarely write a review when I have a negative experience but my most recent trip to Sake Cafe left me with a bad taste in my mouth. My friend & I frequent Sake Cafe perhaps once or twice every week or so and I must say the service gets worse and worse. This past trip to Sake we walked in and sat at the bar. There was no bartender in sight. We waited, and waited, more patrons showed up.. they waited, we waited. I finally had enough after sitting there for nearly 8 minutes with no bartender! We then asked the host for a table instead. We got seated and were told our server would be right with us. Lies! Almost 6 minutes go by without any server even entering the station. There were other tables sat all around us.. and we were all looking around like, "where's the server?" It was ridiculous. I was ready to leave and my friend insisted we stay because the food is pretty good here. I'm not going to lie, I love the Baked Salmon. But still, the wait was absurd. When the server finally showed up, took our order and walked away, we ended up getting apps before drinks! Like way before! I could go and on about this experience but I'm actually getting more annoyed from writing this so yea... just two stars. The service here needs better training.Gosh I haven't been here in a while - but when you're talking about Sushi - everyone remebers a good sush joint....
Now you have to keep in mind that we are in NEW ORLEANS.... it's not going to be the same as in Chicago, or California or New York.   But you know that!  
I always try to make it down here when I make a trip to NOLA.  Highly recommended.The sushi is fine; thanks to soaring transportation costs and the current state of the Gulf, sushi prices are higher than ever. 
The staff is friendly, but I wish the happy hour cocktails were less 'girly'; all that excess sugar doesn't compliment the food.I've never had a bad experience here. Always good. Drinks are always strong. 
Pineapple rice fantastic. My go to spot for girls night or a first date.I've dined here three times and I have to say that all three times, it was reasonably delicious and the server was prompt, attentive, and accommodating.
I actually like the barely lit venue - would make a great date destination. 
The service here has always been pretty tops.  They try their darnedest to accommodate my vegan questions and requests (checking with the chef instead of just "guessing").  
There's plenty of vegetarian and vegan options, or things that can be easily modified by omitting bonito flakes and what not.  Fresh ingredients, everything pretty basic!  Can't remember the specifics (check the photo), but it was all darn okay.
There's a full bar so you know I'm all about that!
This is slightly pricier than other New Orleans sushi joints, but I guess since it's a little "nicer," you're paying for that overhead.
Now the food isn't mind bogglingly great for vegan food - better than maybe half the sushi I've tried, but the darn tooting good service was what made this four instead of three stars.My favorite sushi place in NOLA. Fish is fresh, and the rice is too. Try the rice paper roll or anything for that matter.I thought the food was great, BUT
they need to learn how to cook the rice to perfection.   Since its undercooked, you'll likely to be extremely  swollen, and pretty sick about an hour later, when that rice expands in your stomach.
if you know that going in?  you'll be better off later.
other than that MAJOR complaint
the food is really good.hands down the po boy roll and the spicy yellow dragon is the best!!! xoxoThis is probably the nicest LOOKING sushi restaurant in New Orleans and there always seems to be a good crowd here.  The ambiance of the place is generally nice while being a bit too ultra-modern for the area and my old fashioned decor sensibilities.  This is also the most BLAH bland and boring sushi in all of New Orleans.  It is also overpriced and the service is often terrible.  I will only sit at the sushi bar as that is the only way you generally get acceptable service that still tends to the slow side.  They also have a tiny patio outside just past their small bar.  The best thing to do here is go for the sushi happy hour which used to be a good deal but I'm not sure they even offer it anymore.  They seemed to have been turning this into some sort of techno type club later at night with more of a bar scene on some nights so I'm not sure what's up with that either.  I very rarely come here anymore and do my best to avoid it as there are just so many better places with better prices that I've got zero motivation to return.I'm just going to say it: The food here is horri-bad!
I've been here a dozen times over the last couple of years and each time, I either didn't like my food or my group got sick.  The last time I came in was a few months back with a friend from out of town.  She was staying at my place while touring the city and wanted to go out for sushi.  Another friend of mine had suggested Sushi Brothers, which I consider to be a poor college kid's answer to sushi.  Why in the hell I didn't think of Horinoya is beyond me.  Needless to say, we ended up here.
When we parked in the parking lot and got out of the car, we were quickly accosted by a panhandler who looked like a Garbage Pail Kid.  When we denied him money, he got angry and wanted to borrow my cell phone instead.  "For what reason?  Are you going to call someone since asking me didn't work??"  I told him no because I don't loan out my phone to ANYONE, especially the Toxic Crusader.  When I denied him the use of my phone, Toxi raged, shouting out "I just can't believe that!" and charged after other customers vacating the restaurant.  Like I said before, why me????
So, we get in, the hostess gets snippy by asking if we had a reservation.  I said no and asked if we needed one as I looked out and saw only a quarter of the place full.  She replied "no, but usually OUR customers do it anyway because that's what you usually do."  Look lady, Sake Café isn't that exclusive, okay??  It's a cheap sushi thrill (if you even want to call it that) on Magazine St.  This isn't 5th Avenue!
We ordered drinks of the day, which I can't even remember.  That should tell you how bad they were.  I usually have an excellent memory when it comes to great eats.  The drinks came out watered down and pretty lifeless.  I might also add that it took a long time for them to arrive, too.
Due to my fear of ordering sushi and getting sick again, I ordered tempura chicken instead.  I wasn't about to fall for their ruse of delishus and "safe" sushi this time around.  My stomach microbes remembered the last bout with Sake Café sushi.  Again, the restaurant was barely full and we didn't see our waitress anywhere.  Eventually, she came and brought our food.  My friend ordered some sushi, which consisted mostly of baked salmon rolls.  I ate about 2-3 pieces of chicken and started to get full so I decided to take mine home.  My friend finished the salmon rolls and wanted dessert.  So, she placed an order for some sort of tempura fried ice cream.  Look, I don't know what it was really called but it had something to do with that.
It took forever to get our check, which cost about $70, and I was bummed about that.  I mean, $70 for crappy food, poor service AND Toxi running wild in the front lot?  The real disaster hit when we got home.  I was fine but my friend was not.  Talk about being sick.  This poor girl was running from both ends, if you know what I mean.  I lost count at how many times I had to hold her hair while she dumped her stomach.  The noises emanating from the restroom, too....Later, I told her after hearing some of the sounds from within the restroom, I wondered if she was okay.  I mean, for a while, I sat there in disbelief that the human body was even capable of such things.  Her insides must have been one hell of a circus act.  Poor girl.  It took her all night before she started coming around again.
I've not had one decent meal here, dating back to Katrina.  I like the other one in Kenner but I never go to Kenner.  Who goes to Kenner for sushi????  This is a cautionary tale for the rest of you out there.  If you eat here, you run the risk of getting ill.  It's happened all too often.For lunch, my husband and I ventured over to Sake Cafe 2! 
I ordered the Kim Sauv Blanc to start but should have known better - it isn't a good wine, instead having a dry, metallic finish.
The hot sake, however, was tops - very delicious!
-We always order miso soup, and I would say this soup is pleasant, not skimpy on the tofu or seaweed, and is overall a standard, decent miso.
-The Yellow tail appetizer  with 'jalapeno and cilantro "salsa"' lacks spice ...but where it fails in scoville unites, it delivers in flavor.  It seemed to be set in a lime and oil jus, while remaining fresh on the palate.  This is an app I could get behind.
- We ordered their 'uptown roll' but without the 'tempura crunch'.  This roll has so much rice, it really negates any fish flavor, which is of course subtle to begin with. 
However, as the roll is said to contain spicy scallops inside, with chopped tuna, 
salmon & yellow tail on top  - one wonders how that much flavor can be hidden?
- We ordered the rice paper roll on the waitress' suggestion.  It was very light, and the fish tasted nice and fresh. It is served on an impressive and pretty plate of sauces, which in the end also overpower the delicate fish. The avocado, however, stood out strong and flavorful. (Tuna, salmon, crabstick, masago, avocado, 
cucumber & lettuce).  Still, it was different and enjoyable.
- We ordered the Eel, as usual, for dessert. It was thin, but warm and sweet as it should be. 
The service was perfect - not in your face, but attentive.   If I were a NoLa native, I'd venture back for other things.This is one of my favorite sushi places in town. I have been so many times! The ambiance, food, and drinks are great! It's perfect for a date night or a night out with friends. I've had so many of their rolls and they are all amazing. My favorite is definitely the lava roll. Their eel roll is simple yet very delicious. It's fun to sit close to the sushi counter and watch the chefs make the rolls if you can get seating there. They even have an outdoor patio. 
The service is always good too. They don't pester you and let you enjoy your meal. They have a good wine selection for a sushi place too! 
I always recommend this restaurant to friends who ask for a good sushi place. They have such a large selection of rolls.Tough place to review because the food is absolutely fantastic but the service so bad.  I mean bad.  I mean bad bad.  Bad bad bad. . . bad.
Did I say the service is bad?  Geeze.
I walked in here with my friend, we gave them our name and they said 25 minutes.  We told them we'd sit anywhere, sushi bar included.  We stood there for ten minutes watching the three hostesses bumble around like, well, bumblebees I guess.  Then this older couple walks in, puts their names down and says "we'll gladly sit at the sushi bar" to which the hostess replies "okay," grabs them menus and leads them off.
This is when we're like "um, we're okay with the bar too, remember?"  And the hostess looks at us like "who are you" then says okay.
She comes back a few minutes later and tells us to go grab two seats at the sushi bar, there's some at the end.
Really?  We stood there waiting when there were at least four available seats?  Really?
Then we waited fifteen minutes just for the waiter to bring us water and take our drink orders.  We ordered our food which was made and was delicious.
The waiter forgot to bring our soups and salads until we were almost done eating.  My soup was cold so I didn't even eat it.
We dealt with one competent employee while there; the chef.  He rocked.
The food saves this place from the dreaded 1 star rating.  If I was rating food alone I'd probably go up to 4 stars.  But the service is just that bad.  I cannot recommend this place unless you're willing to go in there knowing full well what you're going to deal with and you're okay with that.
If you're okay with that then I'm okay with that.  Okay?Looking for a great place to enjoy some creative sushi, well this is your place. The menu has the normal things you would accept and some great new twist that Chef Hao Gong has created such as the Po-Boy roll, Shrimp Tempura, soft shell crab, crawfish, massago & lettuce wrapped in a sesame soy paper wrap. IT's worth the trip by itself.
The bar staff is also exceptional you come in often they remember you and what you are drinking and always take the time to let you know about the Happy Hour special which you will want to know about.
This place is good for couples, families and of course special occasions
Cannot wait for my next trip, especially since Chef Hao was able to re-create a special roll that I had years ago by my description.Happy hour is a frequent go-to for me.  Excellent deals.  First time there the server was so helpful and even gave us complimentary dessert afterward.  Many great experiences every since!The best sushi in the city, and a phenomenally good happy hour. The salmon sushi is the freshest, most melt in your mouth salmon I have ever had. And it's consistent -- I come here at least once a week for happy hour and it blows me away every time.It is very hard to say something that hasn't already been said here in other 2-3 star reviews but let me give it a shot.  
This place is ubery sexy/trendy inside and the place you go if you want to feel uber sexy/trendy and important.  This is the place you bring someone in an attempt to impress them with your flair for knowing the uber sexy/trendy spendy spots to eat... then, after you drop her off and feel proud that you have made the best impression possible, you head to the balcony bar to fill up because (after dumping a huge amount of money on uber sexy/trendy sushi and impressing that girl) YOU ARE STARVING!
Sake is like that guy you decide to date who is not the best looking one out there, but plays himself off to be a catch.  He comes to your door dressed up, smelling nice, driving the fast trendy sports car and then after awhile you find out about his highly dysfunctional upbringing coupled with a troubled past to include 2 ex wives that would warn you to "run (not walk) away from him." 
Ok, so you get my drift, it's not worth the hype, uber sexy/trendy atmosphere, and high prices for what you get.  There are too many other solid sushi options in this city.  
To sum it up, Sake Cafe is a poser!The baked salmon is my favorite thing on the entire menu!!!! i know it seems like a basic dish but seriously....it's THE BEST no other restaurant has made such a good baked salmon before! Oh and ...Sushi is always good quality and fresh!Ok, here's my deal on Sake Cafe....sushi is sushi.  Once  you've added soy and wasabi to whatever the roll may be, close your eyes and tell me what you're eating.  Please don't  tell me about the "texture".  What does texture taste like?  Then, go to your wallet and tell me what the texture was worth.  Trendy?  Yes.  But what does trend taste like?  All of the above for a night out of texture and trend.  Sake Cafe is ok.  Would I go back?  Well, if I feel like dining on texture and trend maybe so.Decided to have lunch here based solely on the fact of there being an ample parking lot in a neighborhood known for no parking. But...was very pleased with our experience here. I ordered the Appetizer Sampler and everything on it, especially the shrimp was excellent. We also ordered the Dragon Roll and the Tempura Combo. The Dragon was fresh and great. Wifey loved how crunchy her Tempura was. Our friend had the Yellow Tail Jaw (ew) and he says it was great! (ew). Overall a great lunch, great service and parking!!!! Would recommend.update 1/28/12 
every time we come here the service just plain sucks. food is always stellar, but after today we r going to stick to Hoshun for our japanese goodies and the wonderful service we get from George and his team. 
________________
Been here numerous times, always good, but often the rice is hard, perhaps old? not sure. This last visit during happy hour (yesterday): Waiter was great, sushi was good, fried calamari was meh, but we REALLY could have done without the bartender coming over to the restaurant side, (right next to our booth) to have a loud "stripper-pole-on-a-bus" convo with a girl he knew and her date/bf. I won't revisit the details, but perhaps that convo should have happened on the bar side of Sake II...if inside at all.After our first choice was closed, I wandered in here with a friend for a birthday dinner and I had a wonderful time.  It was a chilly fall night and we decided to sit outside anyway.  The staff was quite polite (We were kinda grungy at the time ;) and our server was most excellent and recommended us a great bottle of unfiltered sake. 
The inside of this place was a little over the top and, honestly, most of the customer-base seemed to be the graphic button up shirt bro's and ho's.  Maybe thats why our server was avoiding them and giving us such wonderful service =)
So, if your're looking for a little retro (mid-90's) house music playing decent sushi joint I'd say this is the ticket.I have been to this Sake multiple times and always had great service. All of the servers have been very attentive + the manager has come to check in almost every time. I have a pretty complicated order and it has never come out incorrectly. The rolls are fresh and yummy. The happy hour special is great!Highlights: I came here for my birthday! There's a free dessert if you ask for it.  Also, since I checked in on yelp, we got our small sake for free!
My boyfriend took me out to eat here around 7:30 PM on a Monday and it didn't seem too busy since we got seated quickly.  We ordered the baked salmon appetizer, yummy yummy tuna, uptown roll, po-boy roll, and ribeye roll. And we drank some sake bombs too.
The baked salmon was your average baked salmon, but I liked that it came with two "rolls" because my boyfriend loves this stuff and he'll eat both if I weren't there.  We asked for white rice to eat with this, but I wish the appetizer itself came with some greens like a little bit of lettuce or spring mix to even the flavors out.
Yummy yummy tuna was a good appetizer if you like sashimi. The flavors were very fresh.  I'm not a fan of onions, but the flavors were so good I tried to eat the onions on this dish (and I spit them out after because they're still onions).
Now for the rolls.  I felt like the uptown roll was okay because the fish it came with kind of tasted mushy.  Nothing really stood out about it.  Ribeye roll was pretty good, but I think I've had better "steak" rolls at other sushi restaurants.  The po-boy roll was our favorite!
Our server was really nice, but we had to ask the server from the other table for a few things, and I felt really bad about that because he wasn't gonna get our tip! lol.  The manager came by as well and talked to us for a bit.  She apologized for forgetting to take off the small sake for our yelp check-in, which I thought was really nice.  I'd come back here and try the happy hour! Really excited about that.This place is all ambiance. It's good though. If you're trying to impress someone with atmosphere... look no further. Really not a bad meal... service has been pretty good. Nothing special IMO regarding sushi itself.2hrs for pickup. Seriously I called at 7 on a weeknight and it was two hours for take out or delivery. So I guess that means it is two hours to get your meal if you are eating at the restaurant. Did I mention the hostess that picked up the phone was rude when I acted shocked that it was 2hrs for pickup. Go elsewhere.How hard is it to answer a telephone? The food has been mediocre when I've gone. A lot of Americanized, mayo-filled fried rolls. And when I wanted takeout, no one answered the phone at a reasonable time to expect a phone to be answered.I feel like this is one of those places when you want to feel like one of the "special" people.  The place is definitely fancy and the atmosphere fits well into it's Uptown location.
The thing about this place is I never really leave FULL.  You know how other sushi places leave you feeling like you won't have to eat for a week?  This place makes me feel like I'm just "munching".  Maybe I'm not ordering enough or just eating with too large a group.  Ha.
The food is good, but nothing spectacular.  I would call it overpriced, only because you can get the same thing somewhere else for a lot less.  But, as in a lot of these cases, you are paying for not only the food, but the experience.
My boyfriend's friend just started working here, so maybe I will make it back.  I'll be sure to update, if my opinion changes.There are 3 things that are really great here.
1. Rock Shrimp
2. Goat Cheese Gyoza
3. Po-Boy Roll. 
The sushi is pretty expensive and the service is generally pretty bad. It is always crowded and loud. 
One funny thing is they bring you a Chef's Special for dinner as an appetizer. And it has been the same special for over 2 years. Salmon with dill. And it is nasty. 
A tip: For some reason they put the crappy servers by the wall of fame by the bar. Every time they open the door to the patio, smoke comes in.I really enjoyed the sushi at Sake Cafe Uptown. It has become our go-to when our child gets an A or 100%. The rolls were a little pricey (we need to hit happy hour), but the fish was excellent. It did take a while for our rolls to come out, but we enjoyed our cocktails and waters whilst we waited. Our server was incredibly attentive and very friendly. The atmosphere is really cool too. There is ample parking if you aren't able to walk to this place.Their happy hour 3-6 EVERY DAY is so good! 4 dollar cocktails, sushi, sashimi and rolls!Make the trip to Ninja Sushi on Oak Street.  At Sake Cafe II, I have never had such terrible service in my life.  I am a very patient person when it comes to restaurants.  I don't complain before surveying the scene and thinking of every scenario from my server days that could be throwing things off.  Sake Cafe II had no excuses. We waited thirty minutes for our three rolls.  Why did it take so long to serve raw food?  Certainly not because the kitchen was short, there were at least five sushi rollers.  Not because it was busy, with probably twenty covers in the house with half as many servers.  The servers seemed to have plenty of time to carry on their conversations on their cell phones or with each other.  This was a mystery,
I was willing to excuse the service if the sushi was good.  Smallest sushi rolls I have  ever been served.  Tiny sushi rolls that were predominantly rice.  I was too pissed off at that point to check for all the ingredients.  I would have been borderline scene-causing if I waited thirty minutes to be charged for a sorry excuse for a sushi roll that was not even as promised.
Why as promised instead of as on the menu?  Because the menu does not include descriptions of the rolls.  When we asked the server for such a menu, he retorted "Just ask me," and resumed text messaging.
Why do people dine here?
*****UPDATE: Since this last review, I have eaten here once and added one star to the review.  I didn't really want to go, but my date was hot and I didn't want to seem difficult.  The service was still incredibly slow, but I was enjoying the company so I didn't really mind (the server was actually waiting on us to stop flirting and order).  On this date, I realized the appeal of Sake Cafe II.  It's the only sushi restaraunt in NOLA with that sophisticated touch (or rainbow-sperm-cocoon chandeliers).  So now I know why people dine here.  So for a nice date who wants sushi and cares more about atmosphere than food, this would be a nice place.Absolutely delicious food and very nice atmosphere. I am not fond of Sake Cafe on Vets and I think that Sake cafe in Elmwood is just average. We ended up here the other night, after planning to go to Baru, getting there just to see that they are closed down. The Rum House was packed, with 25 min wait, so, going further down Magazine, Sake Cafe was right there. Their menu is extensive, with hot appetizers, cold appetizers, entrees, sushi, sashimi, rolls, etc. We ordered a sample sashimi appetizer plate with tuna, salmon, white fish on it. It was delicious and large enough to share. For main, I ordered baked salmon stuffed with crab. It was actually 2 salmon/crabcakes, with amazing sauce. The person I was with, ordered duck. It was just as great, tender, with mushrooms and amazing sauce. Our waiter was very attentive, kept on refilling my hot green tea cup. Definitely a pleasant experience. I want to return to try more things from the menu. Also, a good place for a date. Around 7pm they turn the lights down and place candles on your table.Didn't have sushi on the radar for our New Orleans trip, but our local friends suggested this as our final dinner -- post 3 days of awesome music at the fest.
We had a great meal with our party of 8, enjoyed the local spin on sushi....
Tried the Rocky II and a bunch of other rolls. Had great appetizers, with plenty of options for our veggie companion.
With sake and a couple bottles of wine, we ended up paying about $60/person.  We were all impressed by the atmosphere, which was very nice and enjoyable on a Sunday evening. The chandeliers were breathtaking, very Chihuly-esque.Sake Cafe II has a nice evening atmosphere - and was perfect for a group of girls to catch up over some cocktails and wine! I was surprised by the creative menu, and the sushi was very good!  I had a role with crawfish - to live up the New Orleans experience.  What made the evening was that the meal was paced very well. I'll go back again when I visit that part of the world!Sake Cafe is one of my favorite sushi restaurants, probably because it is down the street and easily the place where I get sushi the most. It's a rather large space for sushi, but the interior decor is very cool and hip. Glass blown pieces hang from the ceiling and the artwork on the walls are very pleasing. They even have a huge bar for those looking to kick back some Sapporo or Kirin or sake (I prefer unfiltered). 
They have some tasty dishes, including this green tea scallop dish, and I love nearly all of their specialty rolls - Uptown roll, New Orleans roll, Rocky II, fried soft shell crab roll, etc. Their sashimi is usually pretty good; I never had any bad fish here. 
They deliver (how convenient!) and you can order take-out (and they have a large parking lot). All-in-all, not a bad spot.I strongly concur in the negative comments made by others regarding the service and attitude at this restaurant.   There are plenty of good sushi restaurants in New Orleans and nearby areas.  DO NOT spend your hard-earned money and waste your valuable time at a place where the service reflects an "I don't care" attitude.  I quit going to Sake Cafe years ago. I recently decided to give it another try.  Things haven't changed. Too bad.One of my favorite sushi places in Nola. They offer an array of different options and their pineapple fried rice and noodles are amazing. Definitely recommend. As for sushi they have a lot of great options even for those who aren't into eating raw fish. They're also able to tailor a couple of the sushi items to your liking. The place has a great vibe and awesome staff.My daughter and I stopped here after the Lafayette cemetery tour. We walked in right at opening hour. We ordered the gyoza and 3 sushi rolls to share. Our server was pleasant and our food was Delish!! Satisfied our appetite before heading to the French quarter. I recommend this location to everyone. If my daughter and I ever return to New Orleans I will go out of my way to stop here :)Sake Cafe is a local sushi chain. This location on Magazine Street is in a converted K&B drugstore, but you would never know it to look at it. The restaurant is beautiful and uncluttered, with large windows, spacious booths, high ceiling and lovely, tasteful decorations.
I am sad to say that the food and the service do not live up to the decor. Every time we eat here we think that the waiter staff is hired for their good looks and ADD. The service is sloooooww. The sushi is ok, but doesn't sparkle. How to put it: it seems generic. My most recent visit was on 12-17-09, and we arrived about 5:30 PM. The restaurant was not busy, but it took about a half an hour to be waited on and to receive our order. Ran out of tea, and the waiter just... ran out. We never saw him again after our food arrived. Had to flag down another waitress just to receive our bill, at which point he reappeared. 
I had some typical sushi, Tuna and California Roll, which is a pretty staple item. It looked great on the plate, but the taste was bland. Ever eat leftovers? that's how it felt. The good news was that the rice was so sticky, your sushi stuck to the chopsticks. My GF had salmon sushi, which was beautifully prepared and tasty. Maybe generic sushi is prepared by the less experienced chefs. 
Bottom line, this is a place to see and be seen, and the food seems to be an afterthought. They offer a sushi happy hour daily, 3-6 with cheap sushi, in case you need a cheap date. Be aware that it's pretty dark in this location at night, my GF had trouble reading the menu. Don't drop anything under the table 'cause you'll never find it again!
We have eaten at three Sake Cafe locations in the NOLA area. The Veterans location in Metairie, while beautiful, left us cold; we won't be going back. The Elmwood location is in a strip mall right off the busy Clearview Parkway, yet it has friendly service (if understaffed) and better food. Two other recommended sushi locations are Shogun on Veterans in Metairie, and our favorite, Tennou Sushi, waaay over on Manhattan near Target on the west bank.Really slow service. We had been sitting for about 25mim before someone decided to come take our order even when there were hardly any customers in the restaurant. We told the waiter that we had been waiting and he didn't even apologize. The food arrived late too.Chinese sushi owned place
Flavorless rice, nigiri albeit fish is fresh but real authentic sushi is not about fish it's the rice
Basic udon tasted like soysauce broth...completely chinese..yuck. Fish cake tasted off and chicken bits tasted semi freezer burn 
If you like rolls, with all the crappy sauce, come here.  but it's not even good enough in my book for a quick fix sushi place when you are traveling and desperate for asian flavors. 
Good service tho!I love this place for the quality of food you recieve as well as the atmosphere. The staff is attentive and the food arrives quickly. You will not be disappointed. Try the po-boy roll for a special treat.I have to downgrade my review big time. While my server kept my hot tea cup full the entire meal, the rest of the experience was pretty unpleasant. The smell when we walked in was pretty bad, not the usual fishy smell when you walk into a sushi place, it was like old fish. We should have left at that point, but didn't. The miso soup was pretty good, but that's pretty standard. The problem was the rolls, we some got the same rolls we had gotten before, they just weren't right. There was way too much mayo in the crab stuff, and it was that weird old mayo flavor, it overpowered the roll. I couldn't even taste the fish, and the fish was fishy than usual. It was supposed to be pepper tuna in there but it tasted like just plain tuna that was overly fishy. I'm making a face as I type this and remember it, hoping I don't get a bad stomach later. Don't think I'll go back again.I love coming here!!! It gets 3 stars for their happy hour drinks. And minus 2 stars bc the food isn't that good. And then a star for good parking. Lol. 
I only ever come for happy hour. They serve half off drinks and they are STRONG. My fav is the lychee martini. It comes with a lychee in the drink, but one time my friend got a rotten one. Just a heads up!
Calamari - crunchy, big portions. Comes with sweet and sour sauce. 
Edamame - steamed edamame sprinkled with salt. Can't go wrong. 
Sashimi - some days the fish tastes great, some days it has no flavor. some days it's cut thin, some days it's cut thick. Their sashimi has no consistency. And unless I was drunk, I wouldn't eat it. 
Hamachi Kama - on the days that I order and they haven't run out, this is actually pretty good. It's tender and just the way I like it. 
I've ordered some rolls and other dishes here before, but they weren't memorable. Anyway. Come for the drinks! And food will follow.