Sin duda el mejor postre y café de Nueva Orleans, el king cake es una delicia, aunque es producto de temporada y no siempre lo encuentras.When you walk through the doors, you are greeted by beautiful displays of macaroons, fancy desserts, gelato case and chocolates, beautiful arranged chocolates. The RWCC (raspberry white chocolate cheesecake) and salted caramel macaroons were melt in your mouth piece of heaven. Scrumptuous!! Don't walk...RUN!!This place is super cute! Came for some dessert and loved everything I ordered. They have a really good iced mocha and they offer to make with regular or dark chocolate. The desserts here are great too. Definitely check them out to satisfy your sweet tooth!Great food, extremely long service! We wanted to do a nice little lunch and ended up being there for two hours waiting for our food. Would highly recommend for people on a less pressing schedule!Went for brunch while we were in NOLA for Mardi Gras. . . . service was great. . . the food was phenomenal.
My hubby had French Onion Soup. . . I had the  Crawdad Mac n Cheese. . . . !!The food pairings seem a bit unconventional but they are awesome in both appearance and flavor.Lovely hidden gem at 2nd floor of a beautiful bakery. Had lunch here. Fresh food, delicious, healthy. Very friendly staff!The food was average to good. The service was so disorganized and the waitstaff so inexperienced that I was shocked The place was owned by sucre (an extraordinarily well thought out and executed retail operation). Talk about squandering Brand integrity  and goodwill!  The beet salad was a joke. Be sure to ask the server what you will be getting. Essentially a goat cheese soup garnished with paper thin beet shavings.  We ordered our steaks medium and medium rare. They came out rare and barely seared, respectively. We are not the type to return a dish and are willing to give restaurants the benefit of the doubt but they were both so inexcusably undercooked that we had to send them back and it made you wonder who is in charge of the kitchen. (It was so objectively bad that the manager and Chef came out to apologize and gave us two free desserts of our choosing). Desserts were outstanding. A place like this, with its beautiful build out and perfect location and sucre's proven business acumen and brand, should be packed at all times yet It was nearly dead on the Saturday of New Orleans decadence festival.  If the kitchen put as much emphasis on the food and menu as it does on presentation, it would be a runaway success.  Dictated to Siri. I apologize for errors.The bar and restaurant above Sucre is about as lovely and charming a place as you could find in Paris, Napa, or N'awlins... Do yourself a favor and order the Rosie champagne cocktail. The butters. The tea. It's worth having a few! 
And then there's the chicken salad sandwich. Sweet Jesus it came on a prefect sesame croissant and had perfect marcona almonds and grapes. If my frittata had been less than perfect I would have had food envy. The English peas were such a crisp and light taste. The balsamic on the greens perfectly matched the rich baked Parmesan. 
All things, we stumbled upon this lil gem and I was in a pissy mood because I didn't get up in time to go see the plantations and the Quarter is mostly shut down because of Mardi Gras. For a delightful brunch to take me from that to feeling on top of the world says a lot about it. This is definitely on our list of must returns to!!!Came here for the afternoon tea - food was delicious, but the tea was consistently lukewarm. Still, the food was good enough to warrant going back a second time if I get the chance.The lemon risotto with scallops was the best dish on the menu! Everyone at my table had wished they ordered the little darlings! The tea and macaroons were very pretty as well. I recommend the Paris tea or wedding tea.This is a hidden gem in New Orleans.  One of the most amazing meals I've ever had.  The staff was amazing, charcuterie and cheese plates were beyond expectation, and the duck was perfection.  A must try in this city.  You will not be disappointed!My cautionary tale
Worst service ever.  Traveled to NOLA for my husband bday.  Went to Sucre for happy hour.  Ordered the frites with cavier, fast forward 25 minutes no appetizer.  Went to talk to the server and she said first not sure why it is taking so long then when inquired further she stated I forgot.
5 minutes later no resolution so talked to the owner who said we didn't owe for our drinks.  Small token for a sub par experience.
My advice double check what you ordered and ensure your server heard what you ordered.Beets are amazing, the addition of chocolate takes this dish to the next level. Wine selection is wonderful. Attention to detail in the dining room and bar provide a great atmosphere. Will be back for more!Service: 3/5
Atmosphere: 5/5
Price: 4/5
Food: 4/5
"Why only two stars?",-you could ask. 
Here is the thing. 
I ordered lemons for my water. The waitress brought them without toothpicks or the lemon tong.
Well, it is not a big deal of course.
We were patiently waiting for food about 40 minutes. 
I was getting frustrated. I wish our waitress​ kept us informed about the process​ (she was not busy at all because there were only two more​ tables in her zone).
My impression of the place was dropped down after she brought our benedict on the chipped plate. This is unacceptable​ for that level restaurant. First of all, the cook should check the plate and the waitress​ should double check what exactly she is going to present to the customer. It means that those two who was in charge of that easy thing just did not care. Too bad.
She apologized and maybe if it was the only one disappointment​ during our experience​ here I would be satisfied. But the thing is it was not.
Will only recommend you guys for the nice atmosphere and the bottomless mimosa. NOT FOR FOOD.The main squeeze, (wife) approves. I just pay. I had the white chocolate bread pudding,comes with vanilla gelato.
Can't go wrong with the bread pudding.Service : 5/5
Atmosphere: 5/5
Price: 5/5
Food: 5/5
This is the perfect French quarter experience. Come for the bottomless mimosas (Mon-Thurs 11-3pm) stay for some of the best food you will have in New Orleans. Two words: Chicken. Poutine. You nor your stomach will be disappointed. Same with the Venetian pasta. Will come back any chance I get.I totally recommend this place, though I honestly wouldn't be able to afford the tea service except during the excellent August special they had (2 for 1). 
I was even more impressed by the food this time. I'm not crazy about the sandwiches but the scone, madeleines (seriously, Proust would write a book after eating one of these), macaroons, tiny cake, and eclair will send you into transports of ecstasy. Oh, I mustn't forget the little bun that came with the madeleines and scones. It was slightly orange in flavor and slightly sticky, in the best way possible. Seriously, the texture on it, as with the texture of all the baked goods savored, was perfection. 
The sandwiches were alright but not my favorite tea savories. I'm not quite used to that texture of bread, it was kind of heavy and stiff. It is totally not stale, though. I know it is a particular type of bread made that way so that the sandwiches don't get soggy. So, they are totally not soggy and they have these little, edible flowers arranged around them. I recommend putting some of these on top of your sandwich when eating. 
The only possible ding aside from that is that, both times I called for reservations, I was initially told they were booked up. However, the person taking the reservation quickly realized there were openings. 
Anyway, the waitress was really sweet and the sweets were, well, sweet and just perfectly done. That means I just can't bear to ding for the slight reservation weirdness.Three of my friends and I had dinner here last Saturday night on the balcony. It was a really divine experience. The marvelous weather we had played a role, but the wait staff, the food, the balcony seating were all just wonderful. We spent three hours dining and imbibing- not once did we feel rushed or as if we were overstaying our welcome. 
With that said, I do have a few quibbles. The  portions are meager tor the prices charged. I found a handful of fries with a teaspoon of caviar sprinkled over a sauce for 16 USD  to be rather cheeky and gimmicky. I also felt that two scallops and one mini dumpling for 12 USD was a little much as well. 
However, with that said. the unusual combination of favors in each dish (chocolate shavings on beets) and the soigne presentation were just delightful. The cocktails were bright and beautiful and garnished with lovely candied fruit. 
We have already planned our return to visit to this gem of restaurant.A wonderful little gem. The Croque Benedict was excellent. My husband enjoyed the breakfast sandwich and my brother loved the mac and cheese (I had a taste too and it was excellent with racelette on top). The mimosa of the minute (MOM) was pear and it was bitter until I stirred it and then it was perfect. 
I had the Bruleed Crepe for dessert and it had a nice mix of flavors, including lemon. 
Thanks to Patrick L who was nice enough to bring my special needs brother gelato from Sucre downstairs.I was very excited to try the mushroom mac and cheese, but it tasted as sweet as a cookie because of the "breadcrumbs"on top--to the point where I wondered if the chef accidentally used sugar instead of salt.   I don't usually feel comfortable sending food back to the kitchen (which is my own fault), but I wish I would have with this dish.  The restaurant itself is cute and the servers were very nice.The food is very tasty and the atmosphere is nice, but the service is severely lacking. I ordered the chicken poutine and when it arrived it had no chicken whatsoever. When I alerted our waitress that the chicken was missing, she curtly said that the chicken was there in the sauce. It clearly was not. There was not even a speck of chicken on that dish. She didn't offer to rectify the situation in any way-- only dismissed me immediately. It's disappointing for a restaurant that performs highly otherwise. We were there for a special occasion, which made the situation even more upsetting.I love the decor and lighting in this place. So very cute. The staffs were extremely friendly and helpful. I want to like this place, but the food is pricey and not good. I think the mistake was that I came to eat dinner. 
Fries w/caviar. This was fun to eat but the fries were salted so you can't even taste the caviar. 3/5 stars
Crab- the soft shell crab was very well seasoned, but it was small compared to other restaurants around like (Deanie's). The heirloom tomato risotto was gross and inedible. It was ruined by making it with 4 different cheeses and one of them was so pungent that I just couldn't eat it. So I basically paid $28 for a soft shell crab. And I think they over charged because I think the menu listed it for $22. 2/5 stars
Variche dessert- 4 banana fritters served with 2 scoops of butter pecan gelato, streussel, and spiced meringue. This was the best thing I had at dinner. 4.5/5 stars
This dinner made me sad because I over paid for a no good dinner in a very pretty facility with friendly staff.Perfect setting for a ladies' lunch in New Orleans located on the court house square in the French Quarter. We dined on the balcony and had perfect weather and a great view of a band performing on the street. Service was good. Food was mixed. The flavors were delicious but a few items were just not quite right (croissant dense, tea sandwich bread dry). The macarons are made with coconut flour and are gluten-free and very delicious. Champagne cocktails were a treat. The tea service is a little confusing with sandwiches, desserts plus a scone, followed by chocolates and macarons (I was expecting scones in the middle course only).My wife and I were in town for our 1 year anniversary. We popped into salon after hearing high praise from family in the city. My wife was craving a meat and cheese plate and this was top of the list from family and friends. 
You enter by way of their sweet shop, Sucre, downstairs, walk up an iron spiral staircase and arrive at an almost hidden dining room. The interior is quiet and intimate with a bar in the center then seating options spreading out both directions. 
We made the mistake of not having a reservation but the hostess assured us we could be accommodated fairly quickly if we ordered a drink at the bar and waited a bit. There were a handful of empty tables and we were seated outside on their small balcony quickly enough. 
I settled with a 3 star review because of very very slow and confused service. Once seated, we finished our drinks from the bar and then realized no one had come by our table since we sat down. After waiting for a period of time, my wife was able to flag a waitress. This was essentially the theme for our entire dining experience. We never really had a single main server and the majority of the time that we needed something, we had to find someone for help. One server would come by and take an order then we'd never see them again, then a new server would come by ten or so minutes later asking if we were ready to order what we essentially already thought was ordered. Eventually, we found the manager, and as nicely as possible, explained to them we haven't gotten our food and had ordered it 45 minutes ago. (we had ordered a cheese plate and a charcuterie plate to start, plus fried asparagus and a beef tartare) We still made the best of our meal, and greatly appreciated management once they realized we had somehow fallen in a black hole of service. 
Once things finally got smoothed over, the food itself was very good. Our cheese and charcuterie plates were fantastic. Their portions were very generous with both plates. The fried asparagus was very fresh and they fried it just the perfect amount. The beef tartare, which is a favorite dish of mine, was very well executed and a huge portion for the price. Cocktails were also notable and well made. 
All in all, we had what could have been a perfect meal interrupted by a series of frustrating distractions. The food itself is fantastic and this restaurant is high on our list of places to share with others, as we're sure front of house is working out the kinks in their new restaurant. Will be back for a second go and possibly an updated review.The desserts are to die for but the food is terrible! We came this morning and the Christmas decorations were scant, and what was there looked like Melania Trump's Christmas decorations. I had the Croque Benedict which was a subpar version of eggs benedict. The bacon was good but the biscuit and the special sauce and raclette were all sour and terrible. The Hollandaise was scant. On a positive note, their Paris Black tea is good. My mom got something called Fritzel sticks, which were meant to be like Pretzels but were not very good and didn't taste anything like them.Huge thanks to Beth, Reggie, and everyone at Salon at Sucre for being so personable and welcoming, and for becoming our go-to during JazzFest!  People, we spent seven and a half hours there on Sunday, starting with a long lunch and continuing on the balcony and at the bar.  It was THAT pleasant.  Friends came and went; you know how it goes.  The tea cocktails are amazing, and I don't even really like tea.  The food - fantastic.  And yes, the view and location.  We came back again and again.  We look forward to doing so next year.Very quiet and nice location. The steak was very good but small portion for the price. Don't get the lasagna. It is and failed attempt at a deconstruction. It is just a pile of mushrooms and gritty unwashed kale with a wonton on top. Myself and another lady across from us were both very disappointed. The waiter was very nice, but food was overall disappointing.  The desserts looked great, but we had other plans.it was really good, a little pricey.  But very rich desserts.The service was slow but the food was excellent!  Among the things we ordered:  meatballs, pork, cheese plate, mac & cheese, vegetable salad...  and they were all great!If I could rate them higher I would!
This restaurant is above the dessert shop above! When you walk up you see the beautiful lights hanging up against the wall
Food: 4/5
The food is pretty good here, but it's your typical American restaurant. I had the crawfish Mac and cheese which is a pretty good portion size and I tried some of my friend's duck which wasn't that good. It was pretty chewy. My other friend had the pork and she said it was good (I don't eat pork) and her cheese grits were to DIE for 
Service: 8/5
They kept the kitchen opened late for my friend's birthday we are forever thankful. They were kind, charming, and attentive 
Location & parking : 2/5
Don't try to drive to this place lol. It's so close to bourbon street that everything is full. Just uber or lyft. 
I rate this place a 5/5 because it's delicious and the people are nice. It's a win win in my bookAlex is the best waiter! Very friendly and he attentive. The chicken and waffles are bomb and the BOLT was so good too. Def will come backBrought some friends here after our jaunt to FQF. It was delicious. The madame drink with passion fruit tasted like actual passion fruit. Not like the concentrate. So they fooled me if it was concentrate. 
The frites with blue cheese cream were spectacular. The regular Mac and cheese was tasty but not life shattering. The chicken and waffles was a MUST TRY. The breakfast sandwich contained soggy tomatoes and other than the bacon-the flavors were bland. The sliderettes could use some sauce but the fries were ok. I couldn't do a sack of them. The ketchup was watery. 
The food was average but the drinks were bomb.I had been wanting to try this place since it opened only 4 months ago and finally got a chance. A friend and I sat at the bar. We weren't greeted for a few minutes but when we finally were, the bartender was very friendly. She didn't ask for our drink orders though (she did bring water which was a lifesaver on a 100 degree afternoon) because she would be leaving soon. The other bartender ignored us. My friend tried to get her attention while she was rinsing a cocktail shaker directly in front of him and she abruptly brushed him off without even looking up. There was only one other couple seated at the bar and one table with 3 seated. 
The other bartender, Beth, noticed and got our orders even though she was supposed to be off the clock. She was friendly and funny and we loved her twist on the French 75. We ordered the F'n PBJ which was ridiculously good but a very small portion at a price point of $15. Beth kept us company almost until we were done and we had to close out with the other bartender. After paying, I saw Beth sitting in the back room with other staff and asked if she would get the tip we left. She said no, that the other bartender would. Unfortunately, we didn't have cash and paid with a card. I was really disappointed since her service was excellent and the other's was no better than "meh". I hope they worked it out.
   The cocktail and food were delicious but I'm giving 4 stars for the meh bartender. With a bill of $37 for 2 cocktails and a TINY bite of food, I would expect much better service. I really want to compliment Beth, though. She is pretty great!Aside from the delicious deserts, the service is excellent!  Upstairs has a clean, fun atmosphere that's well lit and chic. Bartenders are super friendly and the waitstaff was prompt. Definitely a must for anyone in the French quarter for food, drinks, and/or sweets.Had brunch for my birthday and it was lovely. Service was excellent and we never felt rushed.Located on the 2nd floor above the famous Sucre, this restaurant should be just as well known as it's downstairs sister. We came in for the Carnival Tea, but ended up ordering the wild mushroom and truffle mac and cheese as well - and it did not disappoint. I went back later to get some for dinner! The tea is one of the best I've had - and I've had tea around the world! It was $55 which included a cocktail, and came with much more food than I was expecting. Definitely well worth the price. Savory sandwiches included mini muffalettas and fried chicken. Sweets were king cake croissants, praline madelines, mini ice cream cones, and warm king cake - and that's not even half of what we got! If you're around for tea, definitely stop in, but everything that came out of the kitchen looked amazing. You can't go wrong!I would like to start by saying I have been a HUGE fan of Sucré for years, and have been awaiting the Salon's opening for months. 
I'll start with the positives from my experience. Beautiful decor, polite staff, amazing balcony, and quite safe and quiet for the french quarter. 
On the downside: I felt the servers were WAY too stiff, and were trying so hard to be polite and formal that each encounter was more awkward than the last. The menu is much more limited than I expected, as were the cocktails. My biggest issue was some of the food. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but I paid $24 for a handful of frites with aoli and caviar. I have never seen caviar used as a garnish, and as much as I love caviar, I would rather have it on the side so I can enjoy it. Mixed into a sauce, I could only appreciate the saltiness of the eggs. The other items were equally small portions and heart stopping prices. 
My party was looking forward to dessert, but after the tiny portions of our meals, we opted to walk downstairs to the cafe for dessert.  
Overall, great atmosphere, location, and decor, but I feel they were trying too hard and, in the process, did not realize when to leave good enough alone.This is probably my favorite brunch place in New Orleans. Great environment and the cocktails were amazing! I had a great conversion with the bartender Paul and I tried out a couple of his original drinks and I was very satisfied. 100% recommend getting a Category 5 (best drink ever)!!Pristine and chic bakery/chocolatier and brunch location. Delicious food and great service. Beautiful upstairs balcony seating. Offers a full traditional tea service and a la carte menuSuper friendly staff, gorgeous space, outstanding ambience.  Desserts were beautiful, fresh and presented well. Would return to New Orleans just to come back here!Sucre's latest outpost in the FQ. You have the option of going to a "regular" Sucre downstairs that just serves desserts, or to head upstairs to the restaurant portion. We actually went upstairs but only ordered desserts. The desserts upstairs are more elaborate -- think souffles and well-plated cakes -- compared to those that you'd usually find at other Sucre locations. My friend had the Cerise and I had the Pretzle Donuts and Coffee. Skip the Cerise, but the Pretzle Donuts and Coffee are worth it! It's a combo of donut holes and a coffee pot de creme. Be sure to stir up the pot de creme because the top layer is only condensed milk, but the bottom is a rich chocolate-coffee creme. The Cerise was pretty dry and seemed like it was crushed-up leftover chocolate cake. The cherry mousse (?) was too way too tart, too. There's a nice balcony that would make a nice place to people-watch and enjoy a leisurely dinner. Salon is more of 3.5 stars than just 3. I wasn't wowed by Salon, but I haven't actually tried their savory food yet. Update to come once I try the savory dishes!We had a great happy hour experience at Salon! The food was delicious, cocktails were made well, and the staff was super friendly!Had dinner with my husband here last night and was thrilled with every aspect of the meal. They're doing the coolinary deal this month and I intend to go back at least twice before it ends! We didn't do the wine pairing because the cocktail menu looked so amazing and I think that was the right call. The Madame de Bussiere cocktail was outstanding and came with a beautiful orchid garnish, and their selection of wines by the glass is definitely "all killer no filler." They had a rosé cremant de Bourgogne which was outstanding and I've never seen anywhere else, and my husband's glass of Oregon pinot was perfect with the duck. We tried the French fries and caviar and both were spectacular in their own right but the pairing was so beautiful we wondered why nowhere else does it! 
Speaking of beautiful, I think it's the prettiest restaurant in the city. I was concerned it might be noisy being above the dessert shop, but it wasn't. I definitely will try the balcony when the weather cools off. We were given a corner booth and really appreciated being able to sit next to each other on the comfy banquette. The service was really great in an unobtrusive way, water glasses were never empty and they were quick to ask what we wanted next as we finished our drinks. And the presentation of each course was absolutely beautiful - flowers in the salads, beautifully crispy kale on top of the lasagna, gorgeous plates and glassware. Just a total sensory delight. I'm disappointed I didn't try this place sooner!really, really good! enjoyed every bite and the balcony dining... service was sweet too.Candy is spectacular but service can be hit or miss.  I stopped in tonight to get some chocolate to take home and the staff could not be nicer.  Yesterday when I stopped in, I stood there for over 10 minutes before somebody acknowledged my existence.  I was getting a dessert and ice cream.  No one gave me clear direction as to where to go.  When the young man behind the counter asked who is next I pointed to the woman in front of me.  When she said what she wanted he could help her because he was only dishing ice cream.  By this time it was a long line of people.  He asked if anybody wanted ice cream and some one in the back of the line did.  So he helped him instead of the people that have been standing there for a while.  
I would definitely go back but be prepared for a wait depending on who's working.My boyfriend and I went here during restaurant week. What drew us here was the menu and wine pairing option. We had a 7:30 reservation (though from the empty tables when we arrived, it didn't seem necessary) and were seated immediately. We ordered and our first drink and course were brought to us in a timely manner. However, at 8:30 we were sitting with just waters and no wine or main course. We both got the pork chop, which was kind of overcooked. By the time it arrived, we were ready to just walk out. Thankfully dessert and the associated wine came in a more timely manner, but dinner still took a little over 2 hours. I've been to higher quality restaurants during both Restaurant Week and Coolinary Month where service didn't take so long. My boyfriend works in a kitchen, so we understand if they are busy/backed up or down a person, but we never got an explanation as to why dinner took so long. 
I'd recommend this place for drinks and an appetizer or dessert, but I'm not sure I'd return for dinner.I only write reviews on special occasions, and this is one of the best ones. Everything is amazing. Don't be afraid of the F'n PB&J. It is spectacular. I don't like beets, except here- served with goat cheese, granola, and chocolate. We don't eat twice at very many places in New Orleans, because we have so many choices, but we will definitely return to Salon by Sucré,Came here on for weekend brunch with 3 dining partners. We opted to share 2 entrees and 2 desserts. We had wagyu sliders to start, and they functioned as a nice appetizer. The fries were on the very salty side though. The croque benedict was drenched in sauce, but it was flavorful. Very heavy Southern food overall, but hey, that's what you go there for! For desserts, we had an eclair and raspberry lemon tart to balance the richness with the tartness. Both were excellent. Ambiance is charming, but service was sub-par as it was extremely slow.My cousin and I were visiting New Orleans for my birthday and looking for a good brunch spot. Happened upon this randomly through a website. I was a little concerned due to the low volume if yelp reviews but the menu sounded great and bottomless mimosas sounded even better. When we arrived the outside was full but we waited at the bar and enjoyed mimosas before being seated. The view is incredible and the interior ambience and design is amazing (always very important to me). The best part was the food was WOW! My smoked salmon breakfast was spectacular my cousin's croque madame was amazing also. Our server, Daisy, was the best! When talking with a local they were surprised we found this place so if definitely is a hidden gem! I think most people must assume it is just the bakery below. We were only in New Orleans for 3 days but actually came back on Sunday for happy hour because we loved it so much!! We both will recommend this restaurant to any others traveling to New Orleans and will certainly be back on our next trip!!Okay this was amazing. We have been in New Orleans for more than a week and have had some amazing dining experiences but this set the high water mark. No pun intended. This meal was spectacular from beginning to end. Our wine, from a very wide selection was amazing, the appetizer caused us to say, best appetizer ever, the entree's spectacular, desert, spectacular. Everything was unique and the service was perfect. The best part, the coffee was delicious at the end, fresh French Press. So often after a great meal a restaurant falls short on coffee but no, everything was ideal. Our best meal experience over 12 days.I've been wanting to come to Salon by Sucre' since it opened so I had high hopes. I made our reservation through OpenTable and added a note that we were celebrating our first wedding anniversary. The restaurant itself wasn't too busy but they did seem to be busy prepping for a large party in the back room. Our waitress got the job done but was not happy to be there at all. No mention of our anniversary (not sure who got that memo) and we weren't even offered a look at the dessert menu (isn't Sucre' known for desserts?!). We just got handed our check as soon as our plates were clear. Other than the experience...the food was actually delicious. They were "out of cold brew" and didn't really offer a menu for their coffee so that was disappointing. Probably won't return anytime soon but we did enjoy our meals!The way they show case thefood is so pertty.the Windows are to die for. I love this place and will be back..  Thk u for the best sweets in nola........
.In a city filled with great food, service makes or breaks a restaurant. The food at Salon by Sucré was fantastic, but our experience was one of the most frustrating experiences we've had to  date. Our party arrived in two separate groups with two people arriving about 15 minutes late. We placed our order and it took over 30 minutes to get two cups of coffee. One would expect their appetizers to come out at least within the first 15 minutes of ordering, however, here, our appetizers started to trickle out of the kitchen 30 minutes after we had ordered them and our entire party did not fully receive their appetizers until about 45 minutes later. Our appetizers (4 orders of mac and cheese and 2 orders of fries) came at different times and our main courses didn't arrive until over an hour after ordering. We politely asked our waiter why there was such a delay and he proceeded to explain how their ordering system was at fault, and asked why we had a problem with the wait after we had "been cool" the last time he was at the table. His tone was very condescending and he acted like it was a huge burden on him to bring out our food in a timely manner. All we wanted was an explanation and hopefully an apology for the wait. Eventually the manager came over to check on us and even he was unable to offer a sincere apology. He also blamed their ordering system and "apologized" for us being confused about how they do things. By this point we just wanted to get our food, eat, pay, and distance ourselves from the experience. We eventually obtained a sincere apology from both the hostess and the chef which made us feel a little better.Salon by Sucre is perfection. Our dinner was absolutely outstanding, and we've been back twice already for drinks and lunch. The staff are amazing- so attentive, professional, accommodating, and positive. The food was even more incredible than I could have imagined. The presentation of the food along was artwork, and it tasted just as good (if not better) than it looked. The ambiance of the restaurant was so elegant, and the decor is perfect. The French Quarter desperately needed a fresh restaurant like Salon by Sucre, and I am so grateful that it opened. We ordered the fish of the day, which was outstanding ( I don't even like fish, and I couldn't stop stealing bites from my mom's plate). The charcuterie and cheese plate were both out of this world, and the steak tartare was beautifully presented and delicious. Our cocktails were amazing, too- best Old Fashioned I've had in a while.  I loved every aspect of this restaurant and already know I will be a regular here without a doubt. 
Our server, Paige, is amazing. We loved her energy and the fact that she recognized us again when we came back the next day. She seems so grateful and happy to work at Salon by Sucre, and that spirit made our experience there even more amazing.At first you walk into a fine sweet shop and gelato too. Upstairs it changes to a fine dining establishment. The room is open and bright, but not over lighted.  A fine selection of beer and cocktails is available from the bar. I had a sazerac, my wife stayed with her earlier evening choice and had a nice wheat beer. We ordered some appetizers and a cheese plate and everything was amazing. First to arrive were our drinks followed closely by a "gift from the kitchen" two miniature pate choux filled with shrimp with micro-greens. Very tasty! Now our appetizer choices, freztzel sticks with Gorgonzola/dolce spread and nibbles, a selection of three nuts. The cheese platter, love the cheese funk! With that came another gift from the chef, Gorgonzola muffins. Also very tasty. The staff was very pleasant and knowledgeable. I hope to return to this sweet place again!I've never been to a fancy dessert boutique before. I got two scoops of gelato-the hazelnut chocolate and charlie brown brownie gelato. 
The hazelnut chocolate gelato was creamy and smooth and light. It tasted like nutella! 
The charlie brown scoop was filled with creaminess and delicious brownie bites as well.
Overall, a good gelato place. They also have macarons and other fancy chocolates, but I didn't try any of those.
The total turned out to be $6.66 for the two scoops!So I hate to be one of the first to write a somewhat negative review on this restaurant that is still in its infancy but I must. 
I was positively looking forward to this experience. Based on the hype, and the minor fact that it was my birthday. I booked ahead and even detailed I wanted a somewhat quiet and romantic seat for my husband and I and. that it was for my birthday. 
We arrived downstairs and noticed the staircase with no signs pointing upstairs which gave the immediate vibe that only the cool kids are allowed upstairs. We went up and were greeted promptly by a friendly face who asked if we would like to be seated in the main area or the private dining room, I immediately accepted and was promptly delegated by the manager to not sit there I would have to sit in the main area (which was not at all quiet or romantic) but I can quickly recover if everything else is top shelf. 
On to our experience... 
We were asked for our drink order, we went with two simple glasses of Syrah. 10 mins go by and a different server asks if we had our drinks in, I tell her to please my check on the status. Original server arrives about 5-10 mins later with the wine. Then disappears. Other server follows up with asking what we would like to order, we got her recommendations on her fav cheeses. We ordered those and the charcuterie
Hubs hated his wine, 10 mins go by till we can flag someone down to change it to a Macallen on the rocks. So as you can imagine it took a while to get the drink. I took his wine over and used his glass b/c mine had been originally dirty with dishwasher "crumbs " and white towel/napkin particles. 
Charcuterie was great, cheeses were great but bread was very hard to chew, asked for different one , was denied due to unavailability. Finished and drank more beverages.
Now for the dessert... (Which I was expecting nothing short of spectacular based on who there name is and the connection) put in the only thing that looked really good which was the chocolate soufflé for two. Nope, sold out. Settled for the bread pudding and the other chocolate item. 
The chocolate dessert was awful. It was chocolate donuts deep fried and out in a fancy ceramic "pagoda". They tasted as if they were from the frier 30 minutes prior. But it was my birthday dammit so I was going to finish. Hubs didn't care for the bread pudding, had a bitter flavor (but I took a taste and it wasn't too bad). 
The bill: $145 plus tip. Definitely not worth the price. I get it it... You are in the Quarter and can charge that but you shouldn't leave dissatisfied with any ticket price north of 100. 
Not sure if I will be back, maybe will sit at bar so I can get expedited service.Yes to the food. Yes to the drinks. Yes to dessert. Yes to the atmosphere. Yes to Amanda - she rocks! Overwhelmingly happy with our experience here!We had steak frites and it was amazing. The bartender and waitstaff were so much fun. Can't wait to return!Wow. Took my Honey here for our Valentine's date dinner. They had a set menu for the occasion. The setting is modern/fun/well done.  It was very fun surrounded by loving couples.  The people ranged from young to young at heart. Smart casual to sport coat & bow tie. The staff had huge smiles and genuinely seemed to enjoy their careers.  We had a Merlot/Cab mix and a Zin. Both wonderful. The food presentation was a combination beautiful and fun. It was brought out at a relaxed, structured pace perfect for date night.  All of the courses were delicious.  Dessert was a lunch box of sweets from their sister sweet shop downstairs.  If you're looking for a fun/lighter/different than the usual NOLA experience, I highly recommend it.Ambiance is nice, food  portions are small, mimosa refills are below average. Not the biggest fanI was in New Orleans for a few days and this was the only place I visited twice. It's a great place for drinks and small plates, then you can grab something small and sweet from Sucre downstairs, perfect! The main attraction (for me at least) was the bar. If Beth is there, you're in luck. If you're feeling adventurous and want to stray from the cocktail menu, tell her what you're in the mood for and she'll whip up something creative and delicious. Aside from the drinks, I loved the decor and feel for the place. It was upscale but casual enough to wander in from the street and not feel too out of place. Give it a try and you won't be sorry. 
Date night tip - They also have a small balcony with outdoor seating.This place is super cute! From the decor, to the desserts, everything about this restaurant is Instagram/blogger worthy. I came here during my visit to NOLA for a bachelorette. We originally had brunch here but then came back again for desserts the next day. Staff is friendly and the food is delicious. They dont have an extensive menu, but that hopefully just confirms that whatever they do make is going to be great. I had the fish and chips and number of the other girls ordered the chicken and waffles. Both dishes were a hit. Food portions are small but definitely still filling. They also offer bottomless mimosas for an extra $20 but a word of caution, the mimosas are pretty much filled with all orange juice and a splash of champagne :(
They also offer a "tea service" or "tea tasting" menu - i can't remember the exact name but it involves trying different teas as well as an assortment of tea sandwiches and desserts for around $45 a person. We didn't get a chance to take part in this, but I highly recommend this option if anyone is looking to get the whole experience of Salon by Sucre. The desserts looked amazing and our group did come back the following day to have some gelato and macarons.I was really excited to bring my girlfriend to Salon by Sucre since she LOVED her first visit to Sucre itself. We tried for a last minute reservation and were able to get a 3pm which was the end of their brunch service and the beginning of their happy hour. The servers were really kind to offer us to order off the brunch menu and take advantage of the happy hour drink prices. 
The ambiance is adorable - French style cafe with an outdoor deck overlooking the Quarter (but a very classy area of the Quarter). The decorations are beautiful and you feel just like you've popped into a classy cafe in Paris. In terms of options it's a great place to go - you can go for drinks, dessert, coffee/tea, a full meal - the place itself is good for a ton of different occasions. 
But sadly, the best part abut this meal for me was the desserts downstairs at Sucre itself. I felt the restaurant left something to be desired. We ordered the chicken salad sandwich and breakfast sandwich. The chicken salad sandwich was nothing special. The egg sandwich was basically egg on a really cheesy bun and a very small portion of potatoes that were too salty. For $13 dollars I could have gotten a much better egg sandwich at a deli somewhere else in the quarter for half the price. I'd go back because I love the menu and the options - but I'd definitely try to order something else. 
After our sub-par meal we went downstairs and had an exquisite chocolate dessert that I'm still thinking about, which redeemed it for me - even tho that's not actually attached to Salon. 
I probably won't be going back, but if I do, I'll be ordering something else or maybe just going for drinks.What a great spot. All aspects of this French Quarter oasis are top notch. The service, wine, and food are all to be applauded. After enjoying the other local dessert shops for many years,  we were anxious to try this new savory spot and we took advantage of the Coolinary menu. Everything was great. I especially loved the Wild Mushrooms, Kale, Mascarpone Veloute Lasagna. Its topped with crispy fried kale. Also the French Onion soup is not to be missed. The Service staff was profession and very attentive especially Jasmine who went out of her way to make us feel welcome. Can wait to go back.I would like to follow up in my experience with this place.... I left a review which I felt was fair for the experience. The restaurant GM immediately contacted me. Life happened and I returned her call a week later. In short she invited me to please come back and give them a 2nd try. I did just that. I sat at the bar (which is generally where I like to sit). Everything was spectacular! Ms tidwell went out of her way to be helpful. We will def definitely be back for a visit. Thank you for your graciousness.The Heirloom Tomato Croque Benedict continues to be a favorite. The mac and cheese is excellent. The Mimosa of the moment was a peach bellini (with pear?) and was very good. 
The oyster appetizer and breakfast sandwich were very good. 
Desserts are from Sucre downstairs and are always excellent. The hardest part is deciding.
This place fills up so call ahead or make a reservation.Enjoyed a lovely Sunday brunch on the balcony at Salon. The food and cocktails were all very delicious and very beautifully presented. Service was attentive, friendly and at a very relaxed and unrushed pace. Overall, a fantastic casual dining experience!Delicious food and warm welcoming staff!! Wait was a little long but definitely worth it. Dying to come back to the area and this lovely place :)So, this is not my favorite tea experience in the greater metro area but I am going to try it again and, maybe, if I can, do their tapas and cocktails one day. Also, the pistachio macaroon that I ate from the dessert tray was one of the best things I ever put in my mouth. 
So, why is it not my favorite tea experience? Well, it is in the French Quarter, so it is pricey. Right now they have a 2 for 1 deal but that is only in August. I found the service a bit confused and slow, although everyone was certainly pleasant. 
This was the day of the red dress craziness and I did enjoy the food, so I'm giving a high rating now. I will go again before August is up and see about that again. Also, I need to see if that (I forget if it was Wednesday or Thursday) happy hour deal is still going on and try that.Love dinner on the balcony watching the sunset. Great food and excellent attentive service. It's swanky place great for couples who want to relax. We started with the lamb and classic slider. Both were great. One slider per order. The pretzel sticks with Gorgonzola cheese was good. I had the wagyu (Texas) flank. Keep in mind the dishes here are small but the steak (6oz) was perfect considering all the other food we ordered. My wife ordered the small duck plate (two pieces). It's literally two pieces of duck with an egg. Probably one of the better duck plates in NOLA. We had to order the bread pudding and chocolate souffle. They will warn you the bread pudding is not your typical bread pudding. It comes in a cup with coffee poured over. Its delish! The souffle is big and needs more ice cream. It was good not great but good. Next time we'll hold off on dessert and get some smores from downstairs. One recommendation is to pipe music to the balcony.Super cute French style Cafe upstairs of Sucre the sweets shop. There's nice outdoor patio deck seating as well as indoor tables and booth space. The service is good and the kitchen is quick. The ambiance is perfect for a nice afternoon with the girls or a cute date. I had a cappuccino to start. Made very well with lots of foam on top and rich smooth coffee. For food, I was completely satisfied and over the top with my order. 
Croque Benedict - Southern chive biscuit, mornay, soft boiled egg, raclette, crystal hollandaise, and apple ham. It was heavenly. One of the best specialty benedict creations I've ever had. It comes with one instead of what most restaurants do with two but it was perfectly portioned for me cause I can never finish the other side! I wish this was a chain but if you're in New Orleans, stop by Salon by Sucre!Came here twice during our visit for happy hour. Good service great drinks and great value. Wish I was a local I'd come here often. The biggest bonus is that there are always amazing desserts downstairs and cocktails and sweets are never a bad idea .Incredible!  The fried chicken with guyere and a fried egg on a bed of fries with heirloom tomato pico de gala was incredible.  My husband had the frittata with salmon and cream cheese.  But it was the grand finale that stole the show.  Chocolate soufflé.  I e included a lovely time lapse to show you the ice cream sinking in.... Overall I would say this meal is representative of the culinary best New Orleans has to offer!This was my 2nd time for a private event (bridal luncheons) and the service was horrible both times. The servers spilled OJ on the bride and then water on me (twice!) later on. They didn't refill mimosas or clear table in a timely manner. Had to ask for a new napkin several times. Overall very average and wouldn't recommend for a special event.Went for brunch on a short vacation to NOLA, and was shocked by how delightful this brunch was. 
Salon by Sucre is located above the French Quarter Sucre, and has a wonderful balcony where you can look out on the French Quarter as people bustle about. The inside is just as darling, sparkling in different shades of black, grey, and white. It creates a cute little cafe feel inside.
The food was some of the best I've ever had for brunch fair. I ordered the croquet benedict with heirloom tomatoes and was absolutely blown away by the intricacy of the meal. The boiled egg was perfectly soft, the hollandaise on top was the best I've ever had. A great place for vegetarians, they have many options to change menu items to veggie friendly as well as some already vegetarian options. My friend ordered the ratatouille roasted veggie sandwich and loved every bite.
While it's not the typical NOLA food affair, it's still merits a visit while in the French Quarter. It's a very special treat that's for sure!I went to Salon's tea with my parents.  I am a huge fan of Sucre and get their macaroons often.  Whenever I'm walking around the French Quarter I stop in for their delicious and decadent gelato as well.  The restaurant did not disappoint.  The tea selection was vast and came out on an adorable little cart.  The food was cute and delicious.  Signature to Sucre's style they were just little bites of heaven and not an overwhelming amount of food.  The only issue was that it was not meant to be split between 3 people.  We did the tea prix fixe and still had to order another dish just to make sure there was going to be enough food as this was a late lunch for us.
All in all still very good.Got a milkshake here after a long day of walking and a solid dinner and I gotta say, delicious! Got it shaken with almondmilk and picked cookies and cream and confetti cupcake flavors of gelato. The atmosphere is very chic and the environment feels right. They are more well known for their New Orleans King Cake, chocolates, and macarons. I purchased a 15-piece box of King Cake macarons for the workplace to share :) we will see if everyone likes it. The only complaint was the service was slow to acknowledge me when I purchased my macarons, but I guess it is hard to do when people are rushing to buy chocolates. The box of macarons better be worth my 35 dollars as well... $$$The best!! Mushroom mac is a must. Not your basic mac n cheese. Beet salad with whipped feta is delicious as well. Croque Benedict with ham + tomato is a definite go. And my personal fave... the chicken poutine with frites. Salon will not disappoint. XoxoIndulge! The restaurant has beautifully presented delectable meals and perfectly paired cocktails. We went for brunch and thoroughly enjoyed the wagyu slidettes, the BOLT (don't miss this beast), the breakfast sandwich and the frittata. Everything was well prepared and presented and absolutely delicious. We enjoyed it so much we neglected to leave room for dessert. Not to panic, we popped into Sucre later for some tea (the hot cinnamon spiced was my favourite - and I'm not a big tea fan). And of course we couldn't resist a sorbet to cool down and a macaron to end the night!This place is fantastic. Beautiful and unique. All the food is presented as works of art. They have one of the best tea services that I have ever seen.This was on my places to visit while I was traveling to New Orleans. My sister and I went on Friday morning right when it opened and it wasn't busy, which was really nice! We had the trifle, strawberry key lime tart, and mocha cafe glace. We had such a lovely time chatting with Linda and she was beyond sweet!! She totally made the visit memorable and went out of her way to make us feel welcomed. She truly is a gem!! Highly recommend this place to satisfy your sweet tooth!This place was phenomenal! The beer I had was awesome! The chicken and waffles were amazing! Everything was over the top and unique probably my favorite meal the whole trip! Definitely will come back here again if I ever make it back downSucre was simply delicious!!! We came here for my bachelorette party weekend  and the food was
To die for. I had the stuffed meatballs and the French onion soup. The staff was knowledgeable and friendly and able to give us great suggestions on what to get. I highly recommend!!!Snazzier portion of the great Sucre for a semi-romantic sweets binge.Love this place!!! Kristin is in charge and she runs a tight ship!!! So kind, accommodating and the food is delicious. 
Omg try the sliders and pretzel dip!!!! The wild mushrooms lasagna and the cocktails!!!!!  I had the Cena, Soooo good!!!! Seriously love this place I will come back here for sure the next time I'm in Nola.
After having a terrible experience at a nearby restaurant we came here to be treated like kings and queens.
I love the decor as well, it's classic and clean.  I will be back!!!!!!Amazing happy hour!  Great food and drink at a reasonable price.  It's upstairs so don't be deceived by the downstairs sweet shop.The ambiance is lovely and the porch is fantastic, but the seats will basically bruise you after 15 minutes. The menu descriptions are NOT descriptive of what you receive... they don't include all the main ingredients and are generally misleading.
The drinks were a huge disappointment. They sounded amazing & were mediocre at best. After 2 rounds, 4 different drinks in total, we decided to switch to french press coffee and frangelico. Somehow that got messed up too... weak coffee as if they didn't put enough grounds in.
I was excited about the Pod of Gold, which again was not described in the menu like it was nor did the waiter really prepare us for what it was. While it was good, it was not fabulous, especially for the price.
Actually, this whole place was rather pricey, more than the $$ on yelp. 
Service definitely could have been improved. When you wait so long for the check that you have to go find your server, who you find has been seated with a 15 top 2 rooms away from the patio, you definitely have a problem.They have excellent chocolate boxes.  While there we sat down and had a warmed chocolate cake with ice cream.  It was great.  Service is phenomenal.Soooooo good! My friend found this while I was on a group trip to Nola. We had a big brunch for a friend's bday and everyone loved the food and hello BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS!!We wandered in to this little gem and absolutely loved it! We were in search of bottomless mimosas, and we wound up finding the best little French eatery. That food was absolutely exceptional, we had the chicken poutine and the chicken n' waffles. We highly recommend!!!Love visiting sucre when we have a sweet tooth! We try to stop by during each of our visits to New Orleans and at least get some sweets to go :) would really love to stop by and enjoy the upstairs area next time we visit!I have ordered from Sucre online and already knew that the chocolates are top notch. However, the employee behind the counter (Linda) made all the difference in the world in making our visit very special. We told her we had just gotten married a few days before arriving in New Orleans, and she was able to really make some great suggestions like the goat cheese and pear pastry and some other new items to try out that ended up being fantastic! We also mentioned we were from Brooklyn and she then told us about growing up in the Bronx. We really hit it off and her customer service was beyond exceptional. I want to thank Linda for being a great help to us and a beautiful person! I will return to this location for sure and I'll definitely keep ordering delicious selections from your mail order catalog.The atmosphere is awesome, but a pretty girly place overall. The food was good, pricy, but the French onion soup was definitely worth the $12; the texture on the pastry dough over the top was breathtaking and the taste was exactly what I was hoping for. The cheeseboard was large and we couldn't finish it between two people. We decided to splurge on the $30 chocolate soufflé, it was really good, but I'm not sure 30 is an appropriate price. I was also a little bummed I had to go back downstairs if I wanted a latte instead of coffee, so I ordered coffee and wasn't thrilled about the choice of blend.
It was hard to tell who my server was, and therefore hard to tell who I was tipping, I had two regular waitresses and one who was in training. But two different people brought me checks, so that was a little confusing.
Overall it was a good experience.Very uppity attitude but once you get past the "hostess" the rest of the staff were helpful and actually wanted your business.  The bar tender was not very nice either, but the waitress we had was very good.  Decent Bloody Mary, but I'm not sure I'd go back to face some of the joyless staff.Excellent macaroons, gelato, and chocolates! Great to purchase as a hostess gift or thank you! Their coffee smelled delicious, too! I would recommend and this location is darling.Don't normally review on Yelp but it's worth a mention. I like back street adventures in NOLA and this is one of the finest. 
Amazing.The ambience of Salon by Sucre is phenomenal, truly stunning with luxurious curtains, over looking an adorable French quarter balcony. The menu is just decadent, with lots of fun items. However, the service was severely lacking. A dinner for two(including alcohol) costing almost $200 after tip deserves great service, if not exceptional. It's not fine dining but the price tag is similar so I except a server who is attentive & knowledgeable. Our server never told us his name, could not answer simple questions like "what would you recommend", and portrayed an apathetic attitude. After bringing out cocktails, we received a brief "are you ready to order" and when we asked for more time we proceeded to wait for almost 20 minutes for our server to return only after asking another member of the waitstaff. The server proceeded to stand by the bar and talk with his friends while we waited almost an hour after ordering to get our food! We also asked for the food to be staggered, and everything came out at once, crowding our tiny table. We were there for two hours, and sadly that did not leave time to order the chocolate soufflé because they were flipping chairs while we finished our cocktails. The food was delicious but I cannot get over spending that much money for crappy service ESPECIALLY when I could have went to multiple other restaurants with better service & similar quality food. If you are visiting the city, just grab dessert downstairs. It's counter service and therefore much lower customer service expectations.Very nice atmosphere. Tonight was a beautiful breezy night, perfect for having dessert out on their balcony. Our server was very nice and kindly explained the desserts. A bit tricky to get here, the google map showed us a route that went across bourbon st which I didn't notice until it was too late. Best way to get here is from canal and turn on N peters. We parked on Decatur, not too bad a walk. 
The Tchoupitulous coffee was very good and the espresso was great too! There is a very decent selection of wine, desserts, and small plates. My friend tried the lamb slider which she said was ok. The lamb slider is made of ground lamb. For dessert we tried Mille Feuille, Affogato, cake, panna cotta and vacharin. All pretty tasty and beautiful presentation. You can tell a lot of thought went into the flavors and the plating. Floral influence. Highly recommend it! Will come again for the small plates.My first visit to Salon by Sucre was absolutely fantastic. For those who are unaware, Sucre is a great dessert location and its sweets section is on the first floor while the new savory concept for the Sucre brand is "Salon by Sucre." The food service is located upstairs with a full service bar. I was invited to a private party held in the upstairs back dining area. The moment I entered the upstairs Salon area I felt like I was in a different city, so upscale and industrial chic looking! The food was amazing; some of the most notable hors d'oeuvres we were served included ceviche and garlic fries w/ aioli sauce. I would recommend Salon by Sucre for small gatherings with friends or if you want to have a larger gathering rent out a portion of the restaurant! When the weather cools down, there is a wonderful patio with a wonderful view over the french quarter.The tea was outstanding and the food was wonderful he prepared with a ton of attention to detail the drinks were fabulous and I would recommend stopping here for brunch breakfast or dinnerHad an amazing time at happy hour to celebrate my birthday with some friends! I love this Salon and I will definitely be coming back. I can't believe it took me this long to find a perfect place like this!! We ordered champagne cocktails that were to die for and sat on the balcony! I can't wait to come back and try the summer tea.having friends in town for a bachelorette party (i've done the eye roll about reviews that start like this too). I thought Salon by Sucre would be a great 'girly' place to get the event started. As this was the first stop for the party we were not your typical loud/rambunctious crew. We had one cocktail each and some food to share. The food was delightful. The service was a nightmare.  I feel bad for our server who said he was having a rough night. I think service industry people in New Orleans ESPECIALLY in the french quarter are under appreciated, but whew this was bad.  The GM ended up taking our credit cards to deal with our bill, and didnt blink an eye when we asked to split it (if this was an issue we wouldve been happy to put it on one card and deal with it on our own). she didnt come back for nearly half an hour, while we watched her run food to tables and the other servers do their thang (the restaurant was nearly empty at this point, too).  we had two servers check on her who both said she was working on it. We finally saw her begin the process (about 15 minutes in). After working at it for a bit, she said the computer kept freezing and she was 'sorry to end like this'. IMO as a manager, if you're sincerely sorry you take some action and comp a dessert or something like that. She clearly had no interest in us ever returning, while we watched her and other staffers be very friendly to other parties.  As a local, I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone in the future, despite the food.Great ambiance with fantastic art and an intriguing sound mix in the background. An awe-inspiring selection of cocktails (I loved the Madame Bussier) and fantastic Belgian fries with creme fraiche, and Marcona almonds as part of the small plates offerings. Somewhat aloof service is made up for in the tasty offerings and lovely setting.My husband and I stopped in last night and were quickly accommodated even without a reservation. We got a great table on the balcony and out server was very nice.
We ordered two cocktails and the fries with caviar. The chef sent out an amuse bouche of corn soup that was divine. 
When we got the bill we noticed that the fries were $24 but on the menu they were $16. No big deL, we asked our waitress to check for us and we were correct. We just expected them to credit us back the $8 price difference, but they removed the entire item from our bill which was incredibly nice and unnecessary. 
We grabbed some macaroons on our way out too, delicious as always.
The food and service will definitely have us coming back!The atmosphere is lovely. Great decor. The waitstaff are friendly and attentive.
The downside is that the food is not super impressive. I had the chicken poutine while my wife had the wagyu sliderettes. Admittedly not the core competency of the location, but it sounded good at the time. It was very underwhelming and not what you'd hope for from a restaurant like this. Maybe you'll like it, I dunno.
The mimosas were good, though.Had the best brunch here. The restaurant was packed so ended up sitting at the bar and Paul the bartender was the best!  Great service and a awesome personality.  Food was delicious. Definitely recommend.Everything we had was amazing! Kris was an awesome waiter.  Very attentive, paced well, and oh my! The food!  It was terrific.  Well down!!I've been meaning to come here for a while, as I heard their happy hour was tasty. The boyfriend and I got one of each off the menu. It was delicious! Great martinis, and Gabrielle our server was so sweet and humble. We loved the entire experience!Happy Hour 4-7pm Thursday- Monday. Chocolate and desserts on first floor. Bar upstairs!!So delicious! Pier 4 Restaurant Week. The food is absolutely heavenly! I had the tomato crostini with fondue as an appetizer and the kale and wild mushroom lasagna and the pretzels and coffee pot du creme. I want to go in the kitchen and bow down to the chef!!We had brunch here the Saturday of Rees dress run. The ambience here can only be described as clean and fresh and very modern. They have bottomless mimosas for $25. They do keep it filled the whole time. Service was fantastic. And the food was better than I expected considering it's more of a dessert place or at least that's what I thought. I ordered the Croque Benedict which is Southern Chive Biscuit, Mornay, Soft Boiled Egg, Raclette, Crystal Hollandaise with apple Ham. It's like an open faced breakfast sandwich. It was incredibly rich and so delicious. In fact I had dreams about it it was so good. Even their cocktails are pretty. Everything at sucre is made up to look so pretty. I can't wait to come back!Tried this place for the first time last night. Party of 10, I understand that's always a challenge for the staff. And, we all love Sucre for their desserts.
This however wasn't good. At every level the service was slow, drinks, apps, entrees, drink refills, check, just slow! So slow it was frustrating! Wasn't just the server, he was only part of the problem. 
Three of us got the pork chop and two were undercooked. Two steaks ordered and their temps were both wrong. Wife's salad didn't come out with the rest of the salads/soups but with the entree. I cancelled my soup before the server left the table, came out anyway. He said he'd take it off the bill but I paid the $10 for it because he disappeared after dropping the check for what seemed like 10 minutes. 
All of this could be excused if not for the prices you're paying in a place like this. You expect a well executed dining experience at $70 a head!This place is fabulous!  I can't wait to go back. I eat in the quarter very often and was looking forward to coming here. I wish I had come sooner!  Everything we had was incredible. I really felt like I was sitting in a Paris café.  The cheese plates are wonderful-one of the best I've had anywhere in the city. I also tried all of the sliders-delicious!  The fries and caviar were so fantastic-I could eat it everyday!  Creamy and melt in your mouth deliciousness!!!  I will be back very, soon to get the caviar plate and a few other things I missed out on. I also had the fondue...incredible. This is my new favorite French Quarter restaurant. 
     The location is great-right in the middle of it all. There is outside dining on the balcony with stunning French Quarter views. If dining on a Friday or Saturday night, you are almost sure to see some type of street parade or wedding procession coming from Latrobe's. How fun?!?
    It was a late dinner and I was in a bit of a rush to leave, so no time for coffee or desserts...another thing I can't wait to return for!  The dessert options are divine!  I can't say enough about this place. I'm so glad I finally went and look forward to my return!The food, ambiance, and drinks were amazing. Came here for brunch and was able to sit on the balcony overlooking all the Mardi Gras madness. Specially deserves 5 stars because the chef came out to us and talked to us about the meal. Not to mention the food was A+. Must try the truffle macaroni and cheese, and the salt brined fries with the fish and chips were to die for. We dined for brunch.The room is really great as is the bar and balcony.  They make a really good crawfish pasta dish.We both got very sick after sharing a meal here. Did not eat or drink anything else the entire day. My husband and I shared the lamb burger and suffered painful and unpleasant consequences the rest of the day and night. 
Otherwise- delightful location and ambience. 
Manager was apologetic when we phoned to report of our gastrointestinal problems. But that was all. 
We will not return. Sorry to say.I tried this restaurant a few weeks ago after having moved away. What a great place! Chic decor, wonderful desserts as usual for sucre, and the restaurant is excellent. Innovative but not pretentious. Executed very well!Fantastic food and attentive service. Great atmosphere highly recommend!!!
The fried squash blossoms were the BEST I've ever had amazing flavor. The fish with sweet potato mash and beets was melt in your mouth good. The daquari was nice and strong!So here's the deal. My fiancée and I visited New Orleans, and we experienced a food phenomenon. I take that back, we experienced a food and beverage phenomenon. Wait, I take that back. We experienced a food, beverage, dessert, and service phenomenon. Salon by Sucré got it all right. The food was delicious. So good in fact that it undermined the rest of the food that we had on the trip (luckily we stumbled upon it towards the end). The drinks were amazing. Get the milk punch. You'll feel like a drunk baby again. The desserts are to die for. We had to make room in our suitcases for all of the cake and macarons we wanted to bring back. I considered throwing away most of my clothing to fit more, but my fiancée talked me out of it. Her loss. And as for service, Jesse was super dope. He totally helped us plan our evening, and his suggestions were spot on. But the entire service staff was prompt and extremely friendly. So yeah, I urge you to come here and experience some of the best food, beverage, dessert, and service in the French Quarter.So I camenhere last year, thought I already wrote a review. I do not remember what I had last time but I know it was delicious because I made sure I would come back whenever I came back to New Orleans. The entire party was very happy with their food.  
This time I went with the mac and cheese. I added both the crawfish and mushrooms. It was delicious, could have used a little more salt but that's just to my tasting, my friend thought it was fine. 
My friend had the B.O.L.T. (bacon, oyster (fried) lettuce, tomato) and he was in LOVE. Said it was one of best sandwhiches he ever had. 
Onto dessert! He had the banana bread pudding with butter pecan ice cream (upon the managers suggestion) and evenbthough he's not big on sweets, he ate the whole thing! 
I had the amorea akilletnwith vanilla ice cream and I kid you not, I never said wow so much unless I was having sex lol. The chocolate was so friggin good and they had theae cocoa flecks. Omg I will actually come back just for that. 
The server Alex and the manager (I think her name Courtney) was also very nice. Extremely friendly and polite and just a pleasure overall.We stopped in for brunch because all of the local coffee shops were packed, and we could not have made a better choice. We were able to sit on the balcony outside, the service was friendly but not annoying; our waitress showed up exactly when we needed her. And the food. Wow. We had the eggs Benedict and the mushroom frittata and they were amazing. It's hard to get a bad meal in the French corner but my party could not stop talking about how good the food was and perfect portions for brunch. Apparently there are bottomless mimosas too but we stuck to coffee. Stop here for a great, quiet meal.If you want to sit on a balcony patio and get away from the party crowd this is the spot! Great food, drinks and service. Loved it so much we came back twice! The place does look more on the "empty" side but don't let that fool you - it's totally worth checking out!I'd like to preface this by saying I had high hopes for this restaurant. I am a former resident of New Orleans, and absolutely adore Sucre as a bakery. I was super excited to book a dinner for a girls night out.
We arrived just prior to our reservation at 8PM on a Saturday. I will note that the restaurant was not at capacity. We were seated quickly, but it took quite a while for a server to even bring us menus and water. We picked out a bottle of wine for the table, informed the server, and then we waited. It quickly became apparent that even though the wine is on the menu for bottle sales that they did not have a bottle already chilled down (we ordered a rose for the record). Since they were trying to quickly chill down a bottle of wine it took quite a while for us to even get the bottle of wine. Once we got the bottle, the wine was good but it was obvious that it didn't have time to properly chill. 
At this point we ordered appetizer and our entrees. At this point, we were still sipping our wine and overall pleased with the experienced. It quickly became apparent that this would be a long experience. Overall, it was just a terrible service experience. Our wine glasses were empty at one point, and our waiter never noticed and offered to pour us more (he had put the wine bottle away from our table in an ice bucket to further chill it). After he stopped by the table twice without offering to pour more wine, someone from our table actually got up and grabbed the bottle ourselves. 
The kitchen must have been running very behind because we kept waiting to get our appetizer. Eventually, someone brought out a tiny taste of a roasted carrot and fennel soup. The soup itself was fantastic, but it wasn't on the menu to order. Even though we sat down at 8PM and ordered fairly quickly, we did not receive our appetizer until 8:58PM. We had the Frizzle Sticks (their version of pretzels), and they were tasty. After this, we began waiting again fir entrees to come out. At 9:17 they stopped by our table and told us the entrees would be out soon. At 9:27, we still didn't have our entrees and were so hungry we asked for a basket of bread. Eventually our entrees did arrive with an apology that the kitchen was overloaded. Two of us loved our entrees and found the food to be quite good. One person at the table had ordered the pork, and the dish was so dry she sent it back without requesting any other food. The restaurant did take her entree off the bill, but that was only after the waiter said it in a tone like he was doing us a huge favor. The cherry on top was that the restaurant was unable to split the bill, so in the end one of us just paid for the whole bill and our group split is later via Venmo. 
Overall, the service experience was just lacking and the kitchen was too slow (even though I will stress the restaurant was not at capacity). The food for the most part was quite good, but in a town renowned for good food, you can find another restaurant with great offerings and great service.Seriously one of the best breakfasts of the trip! It's such a cute atmosphere. Everything everyone got was delicious. I was lucky enough to get the chicken and waffles. It comes with cheese which sounds weird but the combo works! Highly recommend!!! Also the breakfast sandwich is the bomb.We came here for a bachelorette party this past weekend. We had a wonderful experience. They were able to seat us 30 min before our reservation and gave us a beautiful private location in the back of the restaurant. Our server, Ivan, gave us excellent service. Our drinks were always full, and he timed our courses perfectly. The food was outstanding...we really enjoyed the oyster dip and meatballs. I chose the fish as my entree, and the flavors were outstanding. I highly recommend!Very good and very interesting. Will definitely be back! Way more than just dessert. Sliderettes were wonderful as were the fried pickles.Spectacular ambiance, with the gelato and sweet shop on the first floor. The second floor offers brunch, tea time, happy hour and dinner options with an amazing wine list, great craft cocktails. The desert tasting menu is a must do, bite size treats that are the best deserts I have had in some time, all of the food was top notch a must visit!Ended up stopping here twice during our trip to New Orleans - once for dinner and once for brunch. Both were excellent! One of our favorite things on their menu was the french fries with caviar- O M G - delicious!!!! They don't have them on their brunch menu but they were kind enough to make it for us when we came back the second time. Also- don't forget to pick up some macarons on your way out! They were absolute perfection.So we stopped in for a sweet snack and saw the salon upstairs and went up to check it out.
We had a few incredible drinks and reviewed the menus and made reservations for the next night.
We decided on the "coolinary" menu, which we are so happy we did! So in case you missed it, several restaurants in the New Orleans area, opened their doors to the public and gave them a three course sample menu at an affordable price of approx. 25$!!
We did the three course and a wine pairing for each course for just 10 more bucks!
My wife had the French onion soup, the lasagna and the pretzel donuts.
I had the salad the duck and the bread pudding desert.
I can honestly say it was one of our favorite meals ever... Seriously
We will be back!! And we will try everything o the menu!
The combinations of flavors, the freshness and the attention to detail was amazing
The pictures don't do the meal justice... But you'll get a good idea!Great place to get a gift. They have boxed macarons and even chocolates shaped in Saint symbols.Such a great place for a ladies night out! If possible, reserve a table on their balcony! The fried soft shell crab was unreal.Joined a friend there for happy hour recently. I had been looking forward to trying Salon, as I love the Magazine Street Sucre, but I will never be going back. First, for a restaurant that was almost empty (maybe 3 tables total) the server was nowhere to be found for long periods of time. It took well over 10 minutes for me to even be offered a menu and almost 25 minutes from entering the door until I received a drink. But the reason for the 1 star review? MICE. During the 45 minutes that we sat there, we saw multiple mice run across the floor of the dining room, right near our feet. The bartender and waiter obviously saw them as well, but from their nonplussed looks, I can only assume that mice are not an uncommon sight. It was disgusting and I will never go back.We had dinner upstairs on the balcony.  It is very quaint and romantic.  Inside the restaurant the decor is very upscale and has a European feel.  We started off with a charcuterie plate which included 3 artisanal cheeses, prosciutto, salumi, mortadella, local honey, local mustard and Cornichons.  Definitely a well put together plate.  I am not complaining but I would suggest smaller servings on the plate as I almost did not order an entree due to the amount which was served.  We paired a great bottle of wine by "Prisoner" with it.  Wines by the bottle are very fair and there is a nice selection.  I did end up ordering their version of a cioppino and it was savory and amazing.  My date ordered the baked French Onion soup which was also amazing and not riddled with salt.  We finished with the chocolate soufflé.  This place is a gem.  Service was on point and we look forward to returning.It's my last day of vacation and I finally found 
my first choice breakfast in the French Quarter.
 Isn't that just how it goes?
The food is exceptional... 
Even the maple syrup is spicy and original.
THE DEAL: you might pay a dollar or two more.
Your Taye buds will never regret it!
Brunch ranges from $12 to $15.Based on previous reviews, I was very excited to try brunch here but it fell very short. Overall, the service was slow (although the restaurant was not at all full). It took two hours to completely serve our meal, even though our only app was a cheese tray. The waitress even forgot to put in half of our meal, causing longer wait times. The food was mediocre. The taste was nothing impressive, and our food came out cold. The waitress had to take almost everything back to be reheated. By the end of the meal, my party decided to not even stay for dessert (which Sucre is known for being phenomenal, I thoroughly enjoy their uptown location). The only reason I give this brunch two stars rather than one is that the location is ideal, being right off royal. I recommend thinking twice about eating here.The service is excellent, the decor is like a Hello Kitty Sailor Moon cupcake kawaii anime girl's dream come true, and every flavor looked and tasted delightful. Did I also mention that the prices for ice cream were good?
For $4, we ordered two scoops in two separate cups. That means more dessert for us! The funfetti ice cream was good. The strawberry ice cream was creamy, fresh, and perfect. They should be relabeled as the Creme Savers brand because it was basically that flavor in ice cream form.
I was also really cold afterwards and requested for a cup of hot water. They were about to give me a complimentary tea bag as well but I didn't need it. The employees are so nice and so happy, but that should be expected in such a lovely store like this.Family of 5 tried the restaurant after finding it when we stopped in for Gelato. It was my favorite meal in New Orleans during a 5 day stay. Service was excellent. Our server, Kelly, made great suggestions from cocktails to dinner. French fries with caviar appetizer  was perfect crunch with saltiness from the caviar. Pork chop with grits and roasted vegetables was perfect. Very accommodating with kids. Dessert menu was fantastic. Great modern decor and ambiance.  Highly recommended.Went here during late afternoon for some snacks/desserts and it was good.  The downstairs is for ice cream and sweet.  The upstairs is for food/tea/desserts.  We went upstairs since they have more selection on tea.  We ordered this one order for $35 (tea or soda & all the other items on the list) & it was good.  We also got the cheese plate $16 & it was okay.  There services were friendly and nice.There was a mixup with our reservations for afternoon tea, but the manager and staff went above and beyond in trying to make the best of the situation. It was also my birthday so I really appreciated the extra effort they made. We will definitely be back soon!As a New Orleans local, I have been a fan and frequent patron of Sucre since they opened their first store, so I was naturally overjoyed when I learned they were going to be opening a store in the French Quarter. We've dined here a few times and I think the food is quite good, despite being pricey for what it is. Unfortunately, the service here is what will keep me from returning. The first few times we came here, we were roughly greeted by the hostess and she was extremely rude with us. 
I dine out more frequently than most people, and I don't think I've ever encountered such a bitter hostess. The first few times, we made reservations and arrived promptly for our reservation time, but this hostess made us feel completely unwelcome and was visibly rolling her eyes when seating us. When she came to refill our water throughout the meal, it was always after our cups had been sitting empty for long periods of time. The first few times I dined at Salon, I looked past it and on Lundi Gras, was so taken with the food that I thought I would speak to the manager to let her know how great our experience was. Despite the rude hostess, I asked the manager for pamphlets to help promote the restaurant as many people I speak with are unfamiliar with the restaurant. I work with hundreds of visitors to New Orleans a week and they are constantly asking for recommendations and I thought it would be perfect to give them pamphlets so that they could easily find the restaurant. The manager was warm and friendly and said that she would have them ready for pickup after Mardi Gras. 
Yesterday, I finally had some free time after Mardi Gras and I thought we'd stop by Sucre for brunch and then I'd pick up the pamphlets on my way out. We did not have reservations and on a Sunday, I definitely expected a wait to be seated. We headed up the stairs and the hostess rudely asked us immediately, "do you have reservations?" I told her we did not have reservations and she stated that they did not have any tables available. I told her we would wait for a table and she laughed at us, shrugged her shoulders, and threw her hands up in the air stating that she had no idea when a table would become available. She was extremely dismissive with us and I asked her patiently and for clarity, "Ok, so you don't know when we'd be able to be seated today?", and she blurted out that she would possibly be able to seat us at 1 pm and then smiled at us curtly. It was 9:30 AM and I was immediately taken aback. 
A three and a half hour wait? I truly couldn't believe it. I asked to speak with the manager to verify this and to ask for the pamphlets I had come to pick up. She spoke to the manager on duty and told him what she had told us while we were standing there and he confirmed that the earliest we could be seated was 1 pm. We couldn't wait three and a half hours for a table but I said I would wait for the manager to get the pamphlets. While we were waiting for the pamphlets, the hostess grabbed the bartender, and every server passing by to talk badly about us while we were waiting. After she had been talking and laughing about us for about twenty minutes, and thereby being scowled at by the all of the servers passing by, I asked her if she knew where the manager had gone. She said that they were having problems with their printer and that it would be a longer wait. The pamphlets were not ready and I was finally so incensed by the way I was being treated by this person, I asked for her name, Farrah, and told her that I couldn't wait any longer. She shrugged her shoulders and smiled. It makes me sad that a person could have such little concern for other people. 
I have never been told that there is a three and a half hour wait for a table anywhere, ever. I don't make a habit of not having reservations, but on the off chance that I don't have reservations, I have never been treated like this even at the top restaurants in New Orleans, or anywhere else for that matter. I cannot look past this anymore and can't ever return to this restaurant again after being treated like this. I felt terrible and humiliated when I left the restaurant yesterday and I had been so happy when I was arriving. I cannot in good conscience recommend this restaurant to anyone, especially any of the visitors to our city when I know they will be treated like this upon arrival at Salon. We pride ourselves in New Orleans on welcoming people and making sure they have a great experience. There are too many great restaurants with great service to recommend and frequent and I must admit, I'm sad about it. I've really loved Sucre for a long time. 
I would recommend the restaurant Coquette to anyone instead of Salon. Coquette has exactly what you are looking for in a dining experience delicious food, great desserts, reasonable prices for what you get, beautiful ambiance, and none of the bitterness and mean attitude.Hands down, one of the best meals I've ever had!
My husband and I dined here on our last night in NOLA. We definitely saved the best for last!
Here was our meal:
Complimentary amuse-bouche
Beet salad with goat cheese
Pork with cheese grits and spicy okra
Scallops with potato croquettes
CHOCOLATE SOUFFLÉ!!!
(We also had a couple drinks, but I can't remember what they were exactly. One had beets and one had apples...both were excellent!)
Note: if you plan to order the chocolate soufflé for dessert, go ahead and order it when you order your food. It takes a while to prepare, and you don't want to sit there waiting after you finish your meal!
Everything was absolutely amazingly delicious! I had made our reservation, and we were seated promptly. Originally, the hostess was going to seat us inside, but my husband asked if we could sit on the balcony instead. The hostess was courteous and changed our table to one on the balcony. Our server was very friendly and did a great job describing each dish.Cute and hip little upscale place on Conti. I had two glasses of sparkling rose, the small scallop plate and a salad whose name I cannot recall. The food was beautifully prepared but strangely salty for my taste. I'd totally go back and choose different items just for the ambience.Awesomeee Caprese Sandwich! I definitely recommend this place It was mas cousin's birthday party.Excellent lunch spot in the heart of the French Quarter, especially when lunch includes the Mimosa of the day and little, yummy desserts!
This great spot is upstairs from Sucre and features the same outstanding service and ambience as the bakery.  Next time I'm back I'm going to do their tea-service!
Favorites - The Wagyu Sliderettes (me), the Eggs Benedict with ham (my friend), and the fish and chips (my daughter).  Oh yes....and if Mimosas aren't your thing, perhaps the hand-made sodas areAmazing...best meal we've had here so far! The atmosphere is wonderful and the staff friendly. I ordered the crepes and fries and my friend said she'd never seen me eat so fastOne of the most awful experiences I have ever had.  Food was mediocre which would have gotten it a 3 star review but service was horrible.  Was there with a bachelor party (13 guys) and about 8 of us ordered their bottomless Mimosas.  They never mentioned a time limit or anything to us.  We were having a great time until just after the food arrived our waitress started giving a little attitude to us.  We thought nothing of it and moved on.  We might have been a little loud at times but nothing crazy and we had our own area so weren't disturbing anyone.  Then she brought the bill completely unprompted.  As this was happening we asked 5 times for another pitcher of the mimosas and on the 5th time she rolled her eyes and walked away.  At this point we knew something was weird, but we stayed around and kept telling funny stories about the bachelor.  Then on the 6th attempt to get another pitcher out of no where she claimed we were telling inappropriate stories (we really weren't) and that we were no longer welcome there.  Our bill came out to $500 plus and we couldn't even get decent service.  New Orleans has so many options for food I wouldn't bother coming back here again.  Do yourself a favor and don't come here.  Take your money on your stomach to a better place with better food and a better staff.Disappointing as hell!!!!! I left and was STILL HUNGRY!!! My food was cold when it arrived. And it looked nothing like the description, which failed to mention a key item hat was on the plate. I had the chicken & waffles and there was melted cheese on it. For the amount spent, the meal was certainly not a match. I'll pass on the next invite to patronize.Lovely decor, great service, awesome chicken and waffle.  The maple syrup had a spicy kick and a mild vinegary flavor profile which elevated this dish above the usual humdrum chicken and waffle.  Would be back.We joined them for brunch and everyone was amazed with the food. Every dish from the chicken and waffles to the macaroons were perfect. Will definitely go again.I met a friend the other night for a glass of champagne and a quick chat session. It has great atmosphere and a wonderful selection of spirits as well as savory and sweet snacks. We shared pretzel sticks with a goat cheese dip, such a creative treat. I highly recommend this especially if you're looking for an alternative to an overcrowded bar for a drink with a friend and quality time. I really like this section of the quarter too because you can get to so many places really quickly from this location. Enjoy!We had brunch and it was excellent. My husband had the Chicken Poutine and I had the PS I Love You,  aka shrimp and grits. The Chicken Poutine is the best, great flavors and a generous portion. I enjoyed the shrimp and grits for the red sauce. If you order on the appetizers it doesn't come with the sauce so beware. The only reason I give it 4 not 5 stars is that they didn't open on time and kept us waiting in the chocolate shop for a while.Jesse  & Paul make you feel right at home. Highly recommend the meatballs and any of the happy hour specialsGreat space. Nice, if small, menu. Annoyingly slow drink service.  Seriously. Bartender seems lost. We are locals and are reminded why this isn't a regular brunch stop for us. They need to upgrade their bartender.We had a wonderful dinner and dessert. It was a pleasant surprise in NOLA. Even if you just want a good cocktail out on the balcony upstairs you should go.Everything was delicious. Try to get a seat on the patio if you can, the view is great.
We ordered the fried avocado tacos, mac and cheese, and frites. Was too much food for two people, we could have done without the frites but they were good.This review is for brunch. (I have been before for dinner on 2 occasions, and I was not impressed.)
Disclaimer: we had a party of 8.
Waitstaff: the male (manager?) staff member was rather cold but also quite helpful and got stuff done. He just wasn't the type of jovial person I'm used to from the south.
Our female waitress was very slow. 8 is a big party, but she took ages just to bring sparkling water and mimosas. She also had a bit of a 'tude.
3/5- some good, some bad. Just okay overall.
Food: of course, desserts were amazing. 
They gave us 4 different menus: afternoon tea, brunch a la carte, brunch prix fixe, and a drink menu.
Afternoon tea selection included traditional small bites like scones and sandwiches. The actual hot tea options were pretty extensive, but for "fine dining" I would have preferred a nicer quality than Harney & Sons, a brand that is found at WalMart.
I had a salad which was entirely too salty. The frittata with yummy soubise and prosciutto was very good but also very rich.
4/5- pretty good, selection and flavor
Service:
We had 8 people, and our first courses were brought out at separate times: 3 of us at once, then the other 5 got theirs about 40 minutes later. Again, a disappointment.
We had some special requests for a custom cake last minute, and the male staff member made it happen. Yeah!
For the price, I would have expected a little bit better service. However, 8 ladies at brunch can be a lot to handle.
I always find it rather unsavory when the restaurant adds 20% tip automatically without reiterating that when handing the check. Of course I agree with that policy for large parties; I just find it more honest when I'm reminded of this at checkout.
Additionally, not splitting the check gets a bit of an eye-roll. They did inform me of this when making the reservation.
4/5- considering we had 8 people, I'll give em the benefit of the doubt.
Drinks:
Beautiful presentation. $25 bottomless mimosas. I loved my milk punch. My friend loved her Oliver and Madame Bussiere.
5/5
Bathrooms are cleanly. The space is beautiful.
I'd go back for brunch and tea any time.Just had the most disgusting experience here. I had the French onion soup and the puff pastry was raw. Half the soup was branches of thyme. The crawfish Mac and cheese was so terribly fishy it was inedible. Worse was the waiter smelled so badly of B.O. and the sweat pouring off of him onto our food.  My husband went to the bathroom to throw up because he was so disgusted and then couldn't eat. All this for $60!All I can say is AMAZING! Everything about this place is to die for. I've now been three times for brunch and have had amazing food and amazing service each time. 
I highly recommend the chicken & waffles, mac & cheese, and breakfast sandwich. SO so good. Also, you really can't go wrong with bottomless mimosas...What a gem. Probably one of the nicest locations in the French Quarter. We had lunch on the balcony...  Food was fantastic,  and the service was great. 
The lunch menu is brief, but delicious and we were pleasantly surprised with an amuse buche of fried squash blossom. The cocktails were inventive and fresh. I enjoyed a "spank and tickle", which was made with a hot pepper infused liquor and passion fruit juice, while the ladies enjoyed champagne cocktails. 
Being that this restaurant was born from a dessert establishment, we did not pass on desserts. The lunch dessert menu was the same size as the savory lunch menu and we enjoyed the chocolate cremeaux and orange blossom panna cotta with strawberry gelato.
It was a great overall experience. We received wonderful personal attention and with a light lunch crowd on a Thursday at noon, the chef was able to come and talk to us about the specialty foods.This is one of those weird reviews where I only scratched the surface of what Salon Restaurant does. By that I mean that we simply came here for happy hour drinks before a dinner reservation right around the corner. We didn't have any of the sweet treats downstairs with a line out the door. We didn't get any food or anything too complicated. And although I don't have enough of an experience to give an in depth review, I do know that everything we experienced went perfectly. So I can't think of a reason to give them anything else but five stars.
The prices on the happy hour drinks were fantastic. $6 for a gin martini and the same price for my wife's champagne. I thought the martini was made really well. The service was also spot on. An empty glass did not sit long, yet we weren't hovered over. Which is the key to good service in my opinion. No complaints equals five stars in this review.When you first walk in you are transported to a clean romantic French style cafe. The atmosphere made it worth it to dine here.
The food was definitely not worth the trip. The small plates of food are certainly not substantial. You would have to order 4-5 small plates at $12 a piece in order for one person to feel satisfied. I was underwhelmed with my fried pretzel sticks. Clear lack of exception. It tastes like sad burnt bread. 
I finished my dining experience at Sucre by eating a protein bar I had kept in my purse at the table. Food there left me starving.I (after a bunch of research) picked this place for my birthday brunch and it was a huge let down.
1. In my reservation I requested we get a table on the balcony. When I asked again upon arriving, they told us it was booked. Fine. I instead asked for a booth in the corner. Again I was told we couldn't sit there, this time because they were expecting a party of 3 and they couldn't possibly fit anywhere else. Ok fine. We settled for the sub par table next to the stairs. Normally this wouldn't (overly) bother me except that no one was ever seated at either table in our two hours of being there. Cool thanks. 
2. In my reservation I included my birthday under the special occasion option. This was not acknowledged in the slightest. Our server said nothing. I'm not 5; I don't need a parade, but why even ask about a special occasion if nothing comes of it? 
3. Our appetizer came out wrong. Again, not a big deal, and our server apologized. But then our (eggs benedict) entrees came out cold and we were just over it. Our saving grace was the side of fries (which still weren't amazing).
Really not as great as I expected based on reviews, and I won't be back.Fast service. Frequent mimosa refills. Alex was an INCREDIBLE server. Food was great and fast out of the kitchenSuch an amazing and gorgeous place, with incredibly nice staff! I fell in love with Kim, the event coordinator of the restaurant, as she went above and beyond to coordinate a catered Bachelorette party for me. Her brilliant ideas and significant help allowed the whole night to come together perfectly, which made all my friends so happy! :) Definitely a must-see if you're planning any sort of fun and relaxing night while in NOLA. :) Thank you so much Salon Restaurant and Staff!Would not eat here again, as we were eating breakfast three mice ran out really causing us to lose our appetite.  Told the waitress and she didn't seemed concerned.... said it's an old building! Thinks it's a health hazard! Wouldn't raven give it a one starVery disappointing, starting with the menu outside saying the happy hour cocktails were $6 and then they were $8 inside. The bartender ignored us majority of the time sitting there, even though the bar only had one other couple who he kept bragging about getting drunk and fighting. Then his friends came in and he was giving out free drinks and was being extremely unprofessional. The caviar was not good and the fries were old. Definitely would not recommend.We were at a loss trying to figure out where to eat for brunch on Saturday morning. We noticed our dessert spot we were planning on hitting up at some point had a restaurant so we wandered inside. 
The Salon Restaurant is on the top floor of the Sucré dessert shop. There was no wait when we arrived late Saturday morning.
Service was fine - it wasn't phenomenal, but it does seem to be an issue for other diners, per the other reviews. Maybe try to arrive at nom-peak times! It wasn't very busy by the time we arrived.  
We all decided to share an order of the Chicken and Waffles, since we all wanted to order it individually, and that way we could also try another dish, too. The chicken and waffles were pretty tasty - actually better than my individual order of the Croque Benedict. The waffle was crispy and covered in some sort of cheese. The chicken was flavorful and went great with the spicy sauce that was provided. 
My Croque Benedict was just ok - it was smothered in cheese, which was a bit heavy for me. I actually couldn't finish my Benedict, which I usually have no problem with. Overall, the taste was fine. 
The Salon Restaurant at Sucré was pretty good - I definitely think there are better brunch restaurants in French Quarter, but this one may be a good alternative to avoid lines and reservations.Stopped by for some sweets and it did not disappoint! Staffs were super friendly and the pastries were amazing l! So creamy, soft , moist but not too sweet! The prices are also very fair. Def recommend!Food was great but service what not good. We ordered and 20 min later they brought our desert and we had not had any dinner yet. Everything helped falling apart after that, took them forever to come back to our table and everything just took to long.I loved the fries with caviar. The service was nice. The only serve tap water. The fries hit the spot.If you enjoy overpriced and undercooked food and small portions this is the place for you! When the waitress brought out our corn bread she warned us that it would be hot well she was very wrong. It was doughy in the middle. The water was lukewarm. I ordered a Diet Coke and was brought an 8 oz glass bottle that they charged me $2.50 for.Service  was great. Ambience was lovely and calm. However, the food was mediocre at best. 
The best thing was the Mac and cheese which one must share! It's yummy and cheesy and can be asked with mushrooms or seafood. 
The French onion soup we ordered was not soup. There was zero broth. Just onions. We basically ate caramelized onions. We asked the waiter if their soup had no broth and she said ya buy maybe there is a little broth. We moved the onions over and we didn't see any! They shouldn't call it soup. My boyfriend and I ate our soup with a fork. 
The chive biscuit with butter was a disappointment. Very dry and crumby. I prefer a moist biscuit.
Nice bakery but maybe just go here for sweets and not a meal.I made a reservation for an early morning tea service and the staff were accommodating and so gracious. The restaurant is upstairs from the cafe and everyone was very friendly. The tea service seems to have changed over time and was not presented on a three tiered platter but the flavors of everything offered, and presentation, was still very impressive. 
The small sweet bites in the first course (Madeleine, seasonal apple mini muffin, and etc) were scrumptious. The jam accompaniment was very yummy. The second course was savory Andy favorite was the cracker with shellfish. The last course, dessert, contained the most food. It makes sense because Sucré is known as a sweets and dessert shop. Everything was yummy, but a tad too sweet for my liking. I tasted all the chocolates, macarons, and eclairs but didn't finish any because it was jus too sweet for me. 
I chose a chai tea and it paired really nicely with the tea service. Also came with milk and granulated honey. Service was spot on and really pushed this to four stars for me.I ducked in here with my husband and a friend on a rainy Friday. My husband got water and fish and chips, I ordered the Stella Grey Spritz and frizel sticks, and my friend just got an iced rooibos tea. 
Our server was very friendly and checked on us often in the beginning, but we barely saw her after we got our food. Someone else gave us our bill, so I don't even know who our actual server was.
My drink was supposed to be like an Aperol Spritz and had Aperol, orange, sparkling wine, and soda; it literally tasted like straight Aperol. I had to ask for more sparkling wine in it because it tasted like vitamins. My friend didn't love her rooibos tea, either, because it had a strange aftertaste.
Don't get the frizel sticks; they had no flavor and were overdone. Just awful. The fish and chips were great (the fries had malt vinegar on them if you like that). 
I'm aware I'm in the minority here, and this could've just been an off-day for everyone. Honestly, the best thing about this trip was the macarons at the end; next time, I'll just stick with tea and sweets.I had the pleasure of hosting a graduation brunch for a close friend and I must mention that from the initial inquiry regarding availability until we left he balcony you all exceeded my expectations. Kristy, the event coordinator handled every aspect of my event with the utmost respect and attentiveness. Even when I was short of a day ordering the cake and purse party favors she made it happen, I truly appreciate that. Thank you to the baker who stopped by to tell me she made the cake and offered me some help with setting up. And lastly, our waiter Alex! Can I clone u? U were the best cheerleader for our photos bucking us up on how cute we were and checking on us EVERY 10 mins, we appreciated your GOOD VIBES! I would hilly recommend this venue and the balcony atmosphere for your next event! Thank you all for all that you have done!Our very first stop for NOLA. Brunch was perfect around the table of 8.  Drinks, starters, mains- all spot on.  We shared charcuterie, sack frites with caviar. We loved the chicken poutine, fried avocado tacos, burrata flatbread. Posting this review at the end of my tripand I'll honestly report this was my favorite spot we dined all weekend.  Hands down.Delicious pastries. They have decaf espresso! Service was great on the first floor. It was nice that the lady asked me, if I wanted a paper cup or ceramic. A lot of places just give you a paper cup without asking.Great place for brunch with the family. Kid friendly.
The food was good and arrived timely. Servers were attentive.Wow! I planned a Bachelorette party brunch at Salon and worked with Kim to create a menu within our budget. She was SO helpful and unbelievably kind. Upon arrival, I realized that it wasn't only Kim who was accommodating, but everyone in this building! We were blown away by the service AND the quality of the food! The mac and cheese was to die for! All of the girls at the Bachelorette party could not stop raving about the adorable decor, delicious food, and amazing service. We would recommend it over and over again! I can't wait to go back next time I'm in NOLA and try more of their food!Love this place especially if I can get balcony seating!! I had the S.O.B burger at @salonbysucre!! This perfection was made with 8 oz. Wagyu Beef, Cheddar, Soubise Onions, Bacon Jam, & a Sunny Side Up Egg!!! Literally, all the best ingredients for a top notch burger. I also had the PS I Love You: bbq shrimps over polenta. Yum!!! Highly recommend if you're looking for balcony brunch on the Quarter.Unlike the store on the bottom level, Salon had spectacular service and the food was quite delightful! I ordered the BOLT and it's been the beat fried oyster sandwich I've had thus far!After dinner dessert house which has great flavors and items to choose from and the presentation is excellent and the staff is friendly. Can be pricey and they need a bus person to clean up.Wow.  We came here on a recommendation from a friend and it still surpassed our expectations.  We ordered the frittata and croque Benedict off of the brunch menu and it was superb.  We opted for bloody Mary's instead of the bottomless mimosas since it was on special.  We ended the meal with an eclair and a mousse dessert that almost put us into a food coma.  I highly recommend this restaurant if you are in the French quarter.
Also, they have great restrooms!Very cute place, nice food presentation and good service but terrible food.
I tried the French onion soup and the chicken and waffles....
If you like an explosion of sodium in your mouth, the French onion soup is for you! The French onion soup was not soup. You do get a nice pastry on top of the bowl and then you dig in...and surprise...there's no soup under it. You basically get a week's worth of sodium, onions and NO CHEESE :'(.
The chicken and waffles looked good....but i was quickly disappointed.. The chicken was dry and waffles that tasted like it came from a store bought mix.  Maybe an off day? 
Don't miss the desserts downstairs though! The triple chocolate gelato was so delicious and decadent.Possibly the best breakfast/brunch in NOLA a little fancy French inspired top notch preparation well balanced flavors light eaters could get away with the salads and a starter or you could share a main. Nice portions.At Salon, you can be seated upstairs for a more formal dining experience, or grab something sweet downstairs as you shop around the French Quarter. (Or bar crawl around the French Quarter, whatever.)
I went to Salon for afternoon tea service for a friend's engagement party. I cannot tell you (listen up ladies, especially maids of honor) how PERFECT this place is for an engagement party, wedding shower, girls' day, etc. Tea service comes with a choice of tea (that brews in its own pot in front of you!), a house made soda, finger sandwiches and more sweets than you can eat without a genuine case of diabetes. But that's ok.
The tea list is great, including some white teas that you don't generally see at even your nicer cafes around town. If you're not a tea drinker (the bride-to-be wasn't) try the flowering tea-- so mild and so fun to watch!
The staff were wonderful, and really did so much to make the day special for us. 
I haven't tried dinner yet, but hope to be back soon.Made a split decision to eat here for brunch while walking by and it turned out to be one of the best things we ate in New Orleans. I started with the French onion soup which had an amazing pastry topping. My husband ordered the SOB which is easily the best burger either of us had ever had. We enjoyed it so much we ate brunch there a second day. The croque Benedict and chicken and waffles were equally as delicious.My wife likes sweets I like Whiskey, so Salon by Sucre was the best desert spot ever.  I had two whiskeys while she had a decadent desert.  It was pouring down rain, and I think they stayed open for us a little later.  Staff was nice.Salon by Sucre was a wonderful find. The drinks, meatballs, fries, and desserts are among the best, but the service from Paul and Jesse was par excellence! Quality and fun.So disappointed in this place. I went there last night for my birthday dinner with 3 friends. From the moment we got in, the waitress told us they were out of multiple basic things like baked potatoes and eggs. We decided to stay. I tried to order 2 drinks both of which the bartender said he could not make. We ordered a cheese plate which was seemingly wonderful and then ordered our entrees. After near finishing our cheese plate, the waitress asked if we wanted more bread and then forgot about it and tried to take the cheese plate away. No big deal, but annoying. The thing that has ruined this place for me for life is my friend noticed a mouse scurrying across the floor. It was horrifying and we were all so shocked. My friend went to tell the bartender and he dismissed her by saying, "yeah, we know". She came to the table and we were all shocked he was so nonchalant about it. We decided we did not want to eat there anymore and told the waitress what happened. She also dismissed our concerns and blamed it as coming from the restaurant next door. We told her we didn't feel comfortable eating there and wanted the bill for just what we got thusfar. She tells us, "well your food is almost ready though". At that point I told her we didn't care and to get us the bill. So then the manager comes over and asks if we had asked to speak to her. I told her no, we didn't. we just wanted the bill but apparently the waitress wanted the manager to come convince us to stay or wanted to try and make us pay for the entrees since they were almost done. The manager proceeded to dismiss our concern and say, "this is the French quarter"...as if that was a valid excuse to have nice. She was extremely rude and acted aggravated that we were mad that there was a mouse. I cannot believe a restaurant that is supposed to be upscale would treat their customers so poorly. I will never go back and am telling everyone I know not to go. They are awful and have ruined sucre for me as well.Items Selected:
Cold Brew
Hot Chocolate PB&J - Chocolate Cake, Peanut Butter, Strawberry, Hot Chocolate
Affogato - Bread Pudding, Gelato, Espresso, Streusel
Pretzel Donuts & Coffee - Vanilla Pastry Cream, Vietnamese Coffee Pot de Crème
Rice Pudding - Brûlée, Citrus, Yoghurt Mousse, Pine Nuts, Honey
Growing up since a 2010 visit to 3025 Magazine Street, the Sucré concept now expanded to Rue Conti in The French Quarter with a full-service restaurant upstairs, one could not help but wonder just what the team would concoct to thrill diners in one of America's most decadent cities, a tasting of four desserts giving notice of a space defying convention with ideas that stray far outside New Orleans' traditional Bread Pudding, Pralines and Beignets "box."
Differentiating the Salon from Sucré by way of a staircase that leads to more refined environs decorated in dark woods, Wine bottles, mirrors and subtle lights, guests at Salon by Sucré are encouraged to make reservations for prime-time hours, the dining space more than 3/4 full at 7:15 in the evening, though the group was still able to secure a four-top despite arriving over an hour earlier than expected.
Eschewing savories for this visit, though some items did sound intriguing, it was after a brief discussion of portions that variety was chosen in place of volume, the Soufflé for two looking better suited for four at the table beside ours as "Cold Brew" that turned out to be concentrate from a Toddy used for Cocktails provided assurance of a wakeful and vigilant drive back to the hotel.
Waiting nearly thirty minutes past the time of ordering, none really bothered by this as K-Paul's had already provided a fair bit of sustenance earlier on, it was just as the clock struck eight o'clock that four plates arrived with lengthy descriptions from two servers, the affogato immediately delved into as it was most temperature sensitive, the concoction eating something like a chunky Chocolate Mousse that admittedly tasted great despite a complete lack of visual appeal.
Trending prettier with a tableside topped Hot Chocolate PB&J, the microwave-style Chocolate Cake light and wispy around Peanut Butter Gelato with a smear of Strawberry Preserves and Hot Chocolate Sauce, salty Pretzel bites piped with Vanilla Custard beneath Cinnamon Sugar offered another impressive taste whether eaten solo or dipped in a shallow Pot de Crème, the crystallized Sugar-topped tangy Rice still standing head and shoulders above the rest with Pine Nuts, Honey and light Saffron notes adding a distinct yet pleasant Mediterranean flavor.Server took 20 minutes to greet us. Food came out cold. Place is cute but service is horribleReally good cocktails and nice ambiance. They have a super cute balcony that overlooks the quarter but it fills up fast so if you want to sit outside, you should probably make a reservation. You can get your ice cream or desserts from Sucrè and go up stairs and grab a cocktail. We just got a sack of fries and that's literally what it was. And it wassss delicious. I want to go back for sure!I was overwhelmed by how amazing this place was! My husband and I eloped (with a few family members) to NOLA this October. This restaurant was recommended by the owner of a gift shop where we purchased pralines.
Not only did they stay open late so that we could have a special honeymoon dinner, but they sent out an absolutely stunning plate of macaroons and other tasty treats as a wedding present. They even had the decorator write 'Congratulations' on the plate in chocolate. 
The duck was absolutely incredible, I still dream about the macaroons, and the staff was professional and friendly. The entire place was swanky and very clean. I wish this was in Colorado where we live... but then again, I'd probably gain 20 pounds by eating their irresistible macaroons morning, noon and night. :)Loved brunch at Salon above Sucre. Our waiter, Alex?, was really wonderful and helpful. I only gave 4 stars instead of 5 because we both had enormous headaches after only a couple mimosas, meaning inferior ingredients. Also, I was very disappointed the restaurant above and #sucre below had no real gluten free options, according to the sales girl downstairs. So I wasn't able to bring home beautifully crafted, tasty souvenirs or recommend to gluten free friends who also travel.  But, so far as food taste, presentation and service was concerned, this spot was very nice.The food was always delicious and amazing I hate to hear they closed down due to problems in the work place. The staff was always so kind and quick to help. I will definitely miss all the of their delicious plates. The poutine was definitely my favorite and a great go to.Went to Salon for a birthday brunch with a group of 11 so thanks for accommodating such a large group.  Cocktails were different (aside from the typical mimosas and bloody marys) and interesting - raspberry pulp, a scoop of sorbet.  The menu was crafted in detailed sequences with delectable details, but the food was just so-so.  Where Salon shines is with its desserts - as an offshoot of Sucre, the dessert wizard.  Our waitress had a difficult time keeping up with the table so food and drinks were doled out at random times to different parts of the table.  Keeping to cocktails and dessert is the way to go.   Charming little spot with a bit of flare.Salon is super, super cute! Everyday Thursday - Monday is good for their happy hour, but if you're coming with a group Monday is better since it's half off bottles of wine. All of the happy hour food options are tasty and only $6. 
The vibe of the Salon is so chic and I'm absolutely fascinated with it. Service was fine and the bathrooms are also chic with a nice rustic touch. 
Sucre desserts are downstairs, and they operate independently of each other.