Consistently delicious.
Incredible cocktails. try them all. Unique. Top quality.
A large variety of Tapas.
Incredible flat breads, mussels, bacon wrapped dates, calamari to die for, and cheese plates.
Go!Two words: Happy Hour. My go-to spot for 1/2 off flat breads, mussels, and drinks. The service has always been exceptional. Salu is walking distance from my house, and among all of the other restaurants around it, I have always pick Salu for easy, delicious dining.We decided to try Salu last night (after having noticed it many a time passing by on Magazine) because I specifically wanted two things 1- a glass of wine and 2- cheese at 9pm on a Thursday evening and we figured this was a good bet in the area.
Assessment correct- Salu has a nice list of wine options and a lovely cheese and charcuterie board that lets you pick which cheeses and meats you want (so you can get just 2 or as many as you want on the board- we did 2 meats and 2 cheeses and it was a good amount for two people to share) The options for the day are listed on the chalkboard to the right of the bar and might include things like Brie, Danish blue, smoky gouda, duck prosciutto, salami, etc... and the plate comes with an assortment of little accompaniments (jams, pickles, olives, crostini, etc.)
I was quite pleased- it was magnificent.
Because I can't resist a ceviche, I ordered that, too- it was also quite tasty (comes with tortilla chips). 
I was much tempted to try a bunch of other stuff I saw on the menu, but we'd already eaten a few hours before so I didn't want to have another actual meal. 
The atmosphere is nice- and there's seating indoors, outdoors and at the bar. We sat at the bar since we were just there for a snack and wine (The bar area is nice- and the bartender was quite helpful and friendly), but Salu is now on my list for a full dinner date at some point in the near future (someone at another table had the paella and it looked awesome). I've also heard that the happy hour is a thing here...so that's also in the future plans...
Obviously, I liked Salu enough to make plans to come back.
Overall- this is definitely on my list of favorites in town now...I'd recommend it to anyone looking for small plates and/or a Mediterranean meal.Great job CHARLES! Not sure of the hostesses name.. But. She was fun and made the night as well.. Food was amazing.. Had the artichoke hearts.. (We weren't fans). But the Salu salad with shrimp was to die for.. My date had the chicken.. Amazing... Drink recommendations? Try the rye whiskey, cava, and St. Germaine cocktail.. First time trying it and we'll be back and asking for Charles.. (Or Stew)!Came here for some happy hour sangria and pizza with friends when visiting New Orleans and had a great experience. 
We came at a time when it was pretty crowded and all of the outdoor seating was taken which was kind of a bummer. The inside isn't exactly what I was expecting from a Nola happy hour. Seemed a little more formal. Which wasn't bad but I would have preferred the outdoor seating and would wait for it in the future. 
We each ordered a pizza and split an order of mussels. Since we all got a different kind of pizza we were able to try one of almost every pizza they have on the menu. They were all great!
Great happy hour prices!Was Happy Hour Hoping on Magazine for Labor Day weekend and stumbled across this place. Happy Hour Mussels and Flatbread and 1/2 off the entire bar from 3p-7p. Service was slow and not as attentive as in used to. The food was tasty my wife and I shared the traditional Mussels with linguini and they were cooked well and had awesome flavor. The other shareable plates were tasty but nothing really stuck out to me. Awesome deal on Magazine though.This is soley based on their bacon wrapped merjool dates, which I had at Salu's booth at the white linen festival. Seriously one of the best tasting things EVER. I haven't actually been to Salu's but I will be there just to eat this. Stuffed with mascarpone cheese and wrapped in applewood smoked bacon. Combination of flavors work wonderfully!Awesome! We went here for a pre-date snack and had a GREAT time.  The staff was very friendly and the ambiance hit the mark.  I loved the honed, white marble bar for an elegant, yet laid back feel.  
I highly suggest the meat and cheese platter.  The presentation and selection of this platter won me over for this restaurant.  Varied meats and cheeses, olives, dried fruit, nuts, and varied reduction sauces displayed on a chic cutting board. If you are looking for a classy, yet casual start to the evening, pick this place.I attended this restaurant on two different occasions. It has a great small plates with tons of flavor. Their paella was okay, you can get a way better one at Lola's or Barcelona Tapas. The staff was friendly and it has a cool location on Magazine street next to everything. However, the restaurant was super loud and it was hard to speak to other friends. The restaurant was packed both times I went. I would attend again if a group wanted to go for drinks and small plates.Since discovering this gem, I have gone back numerous times.  Typically the price adds up quickly at Tapas places, not so here.  The dishes are very reasonable and some of the best Tapas dishes in New Orleans.  The atmosphere is always fun, outside is enjoyable in good weather, service is very good and it's clean.  Great place to take a date!  Favorite dishes, GRILLED SKIRT STEAK sliced over a Brandy-Wild Mushroom Cream and for dessert, CHOCOLATE GANACHE COVERED PROFITEROLES.Visited Salu on a recent trip to NOLA (June 2012) with a few gfs. Very cute place with excellent food. Loved that they had small plates as I am incapable of ever finishing anything but love to try multiple dishes. Nice variety of food. Loved loved loved the butternut squash/pumpkin risotto with scallops. I am still thinking about it 2 months later. Would have skipped the goat cheese empanadas, they were nothing special, space in my stomach that could have been put to better use. The crab cakes were also great as was the calamari, which had a nice kick. 
Overall a definite fan of this restuarant and if I ever find myself nearby again, will definitely stop by for a bite.Best crab cakes in the city, as far as I'm concerned.
Went here for Valentine's Day and was taken care of so well. Thank you for a great meal and super service. 
We will make this a regular stop!I love this place. The food is great, the drinks are great and the atmosphere is very whimsical and romantic. The monitors are excellent!Changed their menu, food cold and too salty.One of the best happy hours in the city! The food is amazing. You can actual make a dinner out of happy hour deals. The mussels are a must have and a great price! The service is excellent. Everything about this place is awesome. I'm looking forward to trying it for its bottomless mimosa/Bloody Mary/ Pims Cup brunch.Great to watch a bit of the game & to have a snack.  Standard NOLA style pub fare.I have been to Salu many times for both dinner and brunch. It's the perfect spot for very versatile events. I've been on girls nights, first dates, wild brunches, and date nights with my boyfriend here and none of them have felt out of place. The food is always so delicious. I recommend their spinach and artichoke flatbread and the fra diavolo mussels. If you go at night on a weekday get there before 7 so you don't miss their happy hour of discounted mussels and flatbreads and half off drinks! There's nothing like splitting a few pitchers of sangria with your friends at one of their outside tables when it's warm. I've never been disappointed by a dish here. Their brunch deal is one of my favorites - $20 for bottomless mimosas, bloodys, AND Pimms cups! I never leave there sober but always happy and full. This is a great neighborhood joint with a twinge of an upscale vibe that's always delicious and fun.Wow this place is amazing!!!  Every plate we had was just to die for. Our friend Ryan rivers took us here since were from San Antonio and we are ever so thankful. It totally reminds me of feast restaurant in San Antonio.  I'll def be back here.We ventured out of the French Quarter for a change (if you read my last review in NOLA, you'll know that I am not too big into eating EVERYTHING FRIED) so venturing out to the Garden District, on Magazine Street was a blast on a beautiful afternoon in NOLA!
Salu was AWESOME! We were seated outside and almost immediately greeted by a friendly and knowledgeable waitress, Gabrielle, who first inquired if we had been to a Small Plates/Tapas/Wine Bar before and warned us about the small portions, which was attentive and courteous. 
I ordered an original Caipirinha - she made it 100% delicious and authentic, the way I like it and for $2.50 (happy hour special) it just could not be beat! 
We ordered the Veggie Flatbread and 3 small plates - Olive Tapenade, Calamari and Crispy Artichoke Hearts. The calamari and artichoke hearts were both so delicious, very nice and crispy! The olive tapenade is basically a mix of kalamata olives, pine nuts, sundried tomatoes and rosemary and garlic - a bit on the salty side, but the olives are known for high sodium content. The flatbread was SO GOOD - the veggies were roasted to perfection, the mozzarella was housemade and fresh and I am totally inspired now to make my own flatbreads! A much healthier alternative than pizza, with loads of yummy veggies! What a nice treat!
More than enough food for 2 peeps - mind you, my friend is 5 months pregnant! (lol :) so 3 small plates and a flatbread was satisfying for us! SUCH a good place, def. a favorite - although non-Creole/Cajun! A nice change of pace and we enjoyed everything about Salu through and through!I had the Stuffed Chicken and the B.L.T.Flatbread & my boyfriend had the Cochon de Lait Slider and the Steak & Cheese Flatbread. The chicken was stuffed with Marscapone & Boursin so if you love cheese you'll love it.The B.L.T.Flatbread had a Truffle Mayo sauce that made it sooo good.Of course I had to taste my boyfriends food too & the Cochon Sliders had this Garlic Aioli sauce that made it delicious.Everything was really good. The Sangria tasted good but its definitely not what I imagined.I thought it was gonna be an actual Sangria like you get in Spain, you know,the kind with the pieces of apples & oranges in it. I was kind of dissapointed.I'm glad I came during happy hour(M-F 3-7 ) bc I would've even been more dissapointed if I would've had to pay $8 for that Sangria instead of $4.I gave this place 5 stars bc I came here for the food not the drinks & the food was amazing.The waiter was really nice & helpful with anything that you weren't familiar with on the menu.We loved Salu. Our waitress, Corey, couldn't have been more fun and helpful, suggesting the most delicious flatbreads for us to try. Yummy drinks, too, and a pleasant bottomless option for my fellow mimosa drinkers. We'll be back.Service was excellent but the menu is a bit pricy for Magazine Street. I had the mussels, which were excellent and enough for a full meal - the seasoned fries that are extra are worth it though.  There is no luncheon menu.Tapas gets another winner in New Orleans.  Salu has a calm and casual atmosphere with a great vibe.  It's definitely a more trendy joint, so style and presentation may put a pit in the matter if you are looking for true fine dining.  
The food, though, does not disappoint.  As with any establishment, at Salu you will find plates that rock your taste buds along with others that seem somewhat bland.  Here is where the tapas side kicks in -- order lots, share, and find out what you enjoy.  The portions at Salu are a bit larger than most tapas / small plate restaurants, so sharing with the table will not be a difficult ordeal.
Overall, the prices and quality are all on-par with other local tapas and small plate establishments.  If anything stands out, it's the trendy environment and friendly service.  Recommend the Duck Flautas.
Food:  23 / 30
Service:  25 / 30
Decor:  24 / 30
Wine List:  22 / 30;  Variable mark-up, ~2x on cheaper, less on more expensive bottles.I was recommended this place by a friend and was sad to say I probably won't be following many more of this friend's recommendations. I arrived at Salu for dinner on Saturday night and was expecting to wait since it's always looked busy whenever I go by. My party took seats at the bar and ordered drinks. Although my friends received their drinks, my margarita never arrived. We waited at the bar for over half an hour even though there were several empty tables.  The bartender missed out on at least $10  for the margarita and a tip and I chose not to risk ordering another drink once I sat down. I guess the people in front of us never arrived because we were finally shown to a table that had been empty since we arrived. Our waiter was helpful and attentive. The food was disappointing. Some of the lighter dishes such as the salad were flavorful and a good size, however, the meatier dishes were heavy, salty or too greasy. The atmosphere was  not to my taste with loud music and trendy decor. I personally prefer to be able to hear the people at my table but others might not mind.Salu was a great dining experience all around and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone. The food was great, our server, Erik, was attentive and knowledgeable, and the atmosphere was relaxing. 
My friend and I ate at Salu on a Sunday and sat outside on the patio. Our server, Erik, greeted us and gave us time to look over the menus. We ordered their Wild Mushroom and Goat Cheese Flatbread, a Burger, and Grilled Brie (recommended by the server). Everything was delicious! The Grilled Brie was a great appetizer, the roasted garlic and caramelized apples went really well with it. 
We ordered a bottle of wine and Erik told us about their great specials. Thursday nights they do Paella specials. When you order Paella you get a bottle of wine for free! 
The burger was cooked perfectly and topped with an egg. The flatbread we ordered was also very tasty. The service was really one of the best experiences I've had. Erik gave us enough time to order, he didn't hover, but we never felt neglected or forgotten. He knew exactly when to check on us throughout the meal and when to deliver the check. 
I had been here before for their great happy hours but never for dinner. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for happy hour specials or a fun meal. 
Thanks for the great customer service and fantastic dinner!First time here and was very pleased. Great service and great food. Parking wasn't bad and restaurant was very clean. There's tv and wide open area to dine inside or out.The waitress was so nice and we had great service. The happy hour specials are great! Flat bread pizzas and the house salad was delicious. Topped it off with some tiramisu and coffee for a great dinner with a fun atmosphere. Awesome representation of NOLA and Magazine!Liked but did not love Salu.   The service was quite good but the menu had hits and misses...  We started with fried artichokes and cerviche.  The first couple bites of artichoke were fine but frankly the portion is huge (way too much for a small plate) and over-breaded.  It was like something you'd get at a sports bar.  The cerviche was bland and the seafood was chewy.  On the up side, the meatballs were terrific - well spiced and moist.    The mussels were also very full of flavor and well cooked.   The good news is I now know what to avoid on the menu.The lamb lollipops are a must!!
The flatbread pizza was ok.. And pretty forgettable. Actually the rest of the meal for the two of us was forgettable since those are the only two things I can remember. Giving 4 stars for the lamb lollipops.Wesley is a very knowledgeable and friendly waiter. The chef recently changed some of the menu and it's even more delicious than before!wonderful food. great service. nice wine list.It's all about happy hour which lasts until 7! Those imbibing receive half off cocktails, starters and flatbreads. I went after happy hour. Food is good, but tastes even better when you get a deal. 
It's got a Spanish flair, but I wouldn't describe the food as Spanish even though it's served in tapas style.I signed up for Yelp simply to say how awesome my friends and I's experience here was.  We first got a recommendation from various people that we should try places outside the French Quarter and Business District.  We decided to head this direction and decided to walk inside Salu.  We were immediately greeted by an excellent waitress who ran through every item on the menu and gave her personal recommendations.  I personally had the Lollipop Lambchops, which we fantastic. The staff was fast, efficient, and everything all of us could ask for.  As we were paying our tab, the waitress told us a couple that just left bought us a dessert (the name slips my mind), welcoming us to New Orleans.  We were all blown away.  After we ate and were trying to leave a second time, the waitress comes back with a round of shots for us.   
I would recommend this place after the amazing customer service they gave us that day.Pulled pork on corn fritter cakes - yum! Wine is very reasonably priced - had a nice glass for $6.So I came here early May 2014. The place is located in a heart of magazine st, very trendy spot with a lot of activity in that part of town.  The place looked great and had an excellent atmosphere. The menu is basically tapas. Everything was great except for when I ordered a stuffed chicken breast... It was raw! (Not undercooked, but raw.) When I brought it to the waitresses attention, she didn't seem to comprehend the severity of serving raw poultry. I did ask to speak to the manager. All the offered was to bring it back to the kitchen and cook it. I asked for it to be removed from the ticket and I didn't make a huge fuss about it. The worst part was that I had bitten into it. If it wasn't for that particular incident, I would've spoken highly of this place. All the other dishes were great and the prices fair.
In all honesty, I'll probably come back and hopefully raise its rating. But not until trying out any other restaurant in the vicinity.I have held back from posting a review of the New Year's Eve prix fixe dinner I had here because I don't know if it overall, or any of its individual dishes, will be available in the future. But three days later I'm still thinking about it and how it's one of the best meals I've ever had in my entire life, the type in which each individual dish stays in your taste memory.
To recap--
Amuse: Lamb Arancini, carmelized onion & Tarragon yogurt--excellent with a nice chunk of lamb in the center of the golf ball-sized morsel. I could've had about 3 or 4 more of these.
4 onion French onion soup with melted gruyere on ciabatta--Several steps above even the best onion soup, the 4 different types of onion in it gave it a more complex--and delicious--taste than you normally find in such soup.
Salad: Raw Kale with satsuma Vinaigrette, pickled grapes, gorgonzola dolce, and candied pecans--A lite refreshing course, yet still a nice-sized portion. Possibly my only quibble of the evening was that by the time I got my salad there weren't as many pecans as I saw on a tablemate's plate (he had ordered a la carte and had gotten his a little earlier when I was having the soup); he had left them over and I nearly reached across the table to get them so they wouldn't go to waste ;-)
Appetizer: Cured Foie Gras, brown butter toast, burnt orange marmalade, pear demi, crispy sage--Now I'm a good, adventurous eater but usually I don't get what the fuss is over foie gras, reacting to it with a "Meh" response. Not this time. Never mind that there were two very well-portioned hunks of it (more than made up for the pecans, well, almost. Lol) the combination of the ingredients and the quality of the foie gras made me rethink my prior opinion of this delicacy. As with the soup, it was revelatory.
Entree: Pan seared Jumbo Scallops Hoppin' John with pork belly, jasmine rice, bourbon soaked beans, & blackened aioli--4 giant scallops cooked to a perfect tenderness over an earthy yet complex rice dish--YUM! Individually, the scallops and the Hoppin' John were wonderful but, when combined, you wanted to have it once a week for the rest of your life. Granted some of the pork belly pieces were pure fat, but many were all or mostly scrumptious meat.
Dessert: Chocolate stuffed Beignets, powdered sugar, and espresso--The perfect way to end the meal with three lite beignets, each about the size of a flattened Twinkie, and each oozing the espresso, which was quickly sopped up by the beignet.
I have a sweet tooth and one of the things I enjoyed most about the meal was the natural sweetness of many of the dishes from a subtle one in the soup to a more pronounced one in the foie gras (the pear demi I suspect); in the salad not only were the grapes such bursts of sweetness but, whereas I'm not crazy about gorgonzola generally, the "dolce" allowed this to blend in nicely with the other ingredients. Ironically, however, the beignets were not overly sweet which, by then, was just fine.
(Just for the record, a gentleman at the table next to me, who had the other entree choice, a garlic rubbed Prime Rib, was underwhelmed by it, tho he did enjoy the soup)
Service would've been outstanding on any night, doubly so given that it was a busybusy New Year's Eve. The red sangria, a pitcher of which was more than enough for 3 people, was fabulous with its cinnamon flavoring.
And given that the cost of the 6 courses was a mere $60, I can almost forgive them for not bringing me (and my tablemate who also did the full dinner; altogether there were 11 of us) the promised complimentary glass of champagne. Almost. Lol
Otherwise I'm still savoring the meal. If the rest of 2016 is as superb as it was, I'm in for a very good year!What a great birthday dinner this past Thursday for my wife. This place has awesome food and even better drinks! On Thursday night there's live music which made the night that much better. I actually can't wait to go back....it was just that good.I hate to leave a poor review, but this place has the WORST SERVICE I've ever experienced! I got to Salu around 7:15 with a party of 4. The restaurant was far from full, with most patrons sitting outside and just a few people sitting inside. The hostess sat my group outside, we quickly placed our orders, and the waiting game began. Even though the restaurant was relatively empty, and we had placed simple orders, we were still left waiting for things like drinks, refills of water, and updates on our food. Every time the waitress passed us, she said, "The food is on its way, your food is coming right out." Yet at 8:00 we still didn't have any food. Finally, an hour after arriving at the restaurant, my friends got their food. Apparently there was a problem with mine, and I had to wait an additional 10 minutes. 
The food itself was pretty good, but not worth an hour plus wait. I got the spinach and goat cheese flatbread, and others in my party tried the chicken and the Margherita flatbread. 
We left Salu around 9:00, after begging the waitress to rush our checks. I don't think I'll be returning any time soon.Another lovely gem of a restaurant right in my neighborhood (well, basically . . . very walkable from my house!). :-)
Went here with an old college friend who only rarely makes it back to the city, so when he does, we have to hit up the really good restaurants. We were looking for something close by, and I had never tried Salu before, so we just crossed our fingers and took a chance.
I went ahead and made reservations via Open Table, but it wasn't really necessary on a week night. I've never really seen them out of control busy, and the ambiance is very nice. For some reason, the stand out for me is that it felt very CLEAN. And for those of you who know New Orleans, you know that it's not a very common descriptor for our restaurants. ;-) 
The food was completely delicious. I always have mixed feelings about tapas . . . on one hand, it's great to be able to try small portions of a lot of things, but on the other hand, if something is good, I always wish for a larger portion, and I don't really like sharing food. (sorry, I know that's not terribly romantic, but I guess it's just a character flaw!)
In this case, I loved everything they put down in front of me, so of course, I wanted larger portions of everything! I know, I know, that wouldn't have been very practical, because who can eat full portions of 7 different menu items? It's called a very big doggie bag, people. 
Service was nice . . . they didn't ignore us or hover, and our server was adorable with a good sense of humor. 
Salu is a very lovely surprise, and I'm glad we are neighbors!I see the Yelp average rating is 3 1/2 stars which is exactly what I would rate Salu if 1/2 stars were an option.  I'll round down since there are too many options in the neighborhood.
I've been quite a few times in the past few months so decided to wait to review until after a few visits.
Salu has great happy hour specials (mussels, etc.) and a great location.  They did a fairly nice job on the buildout and has outdoor seating.
The food and service however are just ok.  On Sundays until the late afternoon they only serve some strange "brunch" menu.  We are not in Awfulstin, TX and normal people do not eat "brunch" in the afternoon just because it is Sunday.  I had the crab and asparagus omelet which was ok but a little lacking in flavor.  The other two people with me got the classic burger which one liked and one didn't.
The service has been pretty poor every time I have dined at Salu and the noise level is awful inside.  There is little sound proofing inside and on Sundays they have a guitar player that plays and sings at unacceptable levels.  We try to avoid Rum House when busy (I tried to avoid at all times) because of how noisy they get but Salu was even louder and they weren't even 1/4 full inside.
As for the service, management needs to train the servers better.  Reaching over the table, not filling water glasses or asking for refills, giving the check without asking while we're still eating, forgetting to bring condiments, servers not working together, etc.I have given this place 5 stars, but I didn't enjoy the music. We enjoyed cocktails and wine with lunch which consisted of 2 selections of the flatbreads. Very tasty.We came to this place for brunch and the first thing they asked was if we had a reservation even though the restaurant was empty. We were seated outside , on the side of the building. We weren't even asked if we preferred to sit inside, at the bar, or outside. Then we were sat outside on the side of the building, it felt very secluded and we felt as though we could easily be forgotten by the staff. The menu was lacking. Was only visited by the wait staff twice.We initially came here because we had wanted to go to another restaurant in the area.  We didn't realize it was a Saints game night and our original choice was completely packed with a large crowed outside.  Salu was our second, possibly third choice.
I have no idea why this restaurant doesn't have five stars.  Everything was amazing.  The atmosphere was great.  There were a lot of people in the restaurant and yet all of us at the table could hear each other to carry on a conversation.
And then there was the food.  So, so good.  We had the chef's special appetizers and they blew us out of the water.  All types of entrees for dinner and nothing was bad.  I can't wait to go back.Salu offered a (relatively) inexpensive meal. While some of small plate dishes aren't spectacular, the pull pork dish is quite tasty. (For $4.50, this plate makes the trip worthwhile.) The sea scallops were also delicious.
The atmosphere was also fun and lovely; the service very good. Go for a drink, choose one of the warm small plate options, and enjoy!We love this place for lunch. They had great food and yummy desserts. The service was amazing and if you like a drink they have bottomless mimosas for $20.00. All in all a great clean delicious place.Salu is my favorite place to watch the Irish Channel parade from. It's rarely crowded and when the weather's nice they keep the doors open so you don't miss anything. One of my favorite things is their cucumber drink...I don't remember the exact name but it's so refreshing when you've been parading all day. The entire drink menu is great. Another favorite is their mushroom/goat cheese flatbread. 
My only complaint is the price - it is a bit expensive, but it is a bit more upscale in terms of ambiance than other restaurants. Service is good but can get backed up when it's crowded...but that's to be expected. All in all it's a nice alternative to some of the busier places nearby.Went on a Saturday night, it was unseasonably nice for New Orleans, so we sat outside. The service was EXCEPTIONAL!! Gavin, our waiter was just wonderful:o) The gm was also checking on tables, and was super, making sure we had everything we needed. The food, Wow. The stuffed chicken small plate, with the fried spinach, was just delicious, we were scraping off the sauce with a spoon. We also had the brie, lamb, and fried artichokes, everything was extremely tasty. The lamb was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was also spoon scraping good. We had a bottle of wine that Gavin recommended and it was perfect, and price wasn't too bad at all! This was a fun place, and perfect for my sister, step mom and I to have a great little dinner. Highly recommend!The food is amazing very relax ambience, great happy hour.Great food excellent service, would eat hear again enjoyed it  Chris was our server and he the bestI can't say enough good things about this place. I love so many things on their menu. It's in on of the best sections of Magazine Street - near so many other great restaurants and shops. Their happy hour is great too - $2.50 classic mojitos - and some of the best I've had. Other great drink specials too. Mimosa specials on Sunday. The flatbreads are also half off during happy hour - they're great too. My favorite flatbreads are: Crab and Crimini, Italiana and Wild Mushroom. Small plates: Crispy Artichoke Hearts (best thing on the menu), Calamari, Stuffed Chicken, Seared Scallops, Grilled Brie - all fabulous. I'm dying to try the Paella, Wild Mushroom Risotto, Fried Gulf Oysters and probably many more. Some of the small plates could be a tab larger in terms of portion size - meaning it's not enough to fill you up alone. But some are sized perfectly for that to be all you get. I've had one really extremely awkward server, but other than that the service has always been great! Love sitting outside.Ugh. This place was recommended to us out of towners for lunch and I'm really sad we listened. We walked in around 2pm and the server was anxious to get us water and menus, which is great. Unfortunately it was all down hill from there. We waited close to 15 minutes for him to come back to get our order. He explained the bottomless mimosa, Bloody Mary, or pimms cup deal which are awesome and the only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1. We didn't order drinks, however, because we had had too much to drink the night before. Anyways, my mom ordered the crab salad that said it was a house special and $14 and I ordered a fig and prosciutto flatbread for the same price. Sounded so yummy! Tasted like cardboard. The texture of the flatbread was mushy because there was so much fig jam and the goat cheese was thrown on as an after thought. My mom's salad was tiny-I mean think of a side salad at a normal restaurant and cut 2/3 of that out and you have their $14 house special crab salad with so little crab. So basically a $14 pile of lettuce. Anyways, it became pretty evident the food was probably bearable for someone that has had 3-5 mimosas on the bottomless deal. If you just want food, skip this place.There was a time I used to frequent Salu pretty regularly a few years back then it sort of fell off for me and we took a little hiatus. I found myself back in Salu's arms recently and can glad'y say they have won me over yet again. I was pleasantly surprised when I saw quite a lot of new items on the menu. Namely the mussels. They had a variety of choices and one looked more appetizing than the next. We opted for the classic mussels and it was a winner. Bursting with flavor that I excitedly sopped up with my side of fries. I love share plates because you can try a bunch of stuff. The calamari was another highlight for me, which came with a really good dipping sauce. 
Salu is a great place for a group or for a date. The share plates definitely promote a social atmosphere. The service was on point as our server was friendly and recommended some great options for drinks and food.I've been to Salu twice. Once for a NOLA-Eats party (and I was late so didn't eat too much) and again on Saturday night with a party of 6.  Our server on Saturday night was personable but a bit odd.  One of the soups of the day was seafood gumbo, so I asked if it had sausage in it (which I don't eat...and you really don't want to know why).  She acted sort of put upon and said it was seafood gumbo so no.  After I ordered it and then reiterated that I didn't eat sausage, she did come back and say yes it did have sausage.  Anyway:
Pros: Caesar salad, crabmeat cheese flatbread; flank steak was deemed tasty by my companions
Cons: ceviche was inedible; gumbo came without rice (?!); service was odd
Overall: I felt like most of the items were sort of ho-hum.  Fine, but not that great.  I was also disappointed by the lack of non-salad vegetarian options.(In my best Sophia from the Golden Girls Voice)
Picture it... Saturday 2010.... Walking down Magazine Street with a friend.. We see a chalk board sign saying Sangria Pitchers for $10.. We look at each other, then we like, I don't know.. Then the lady writing on the chalk board said you definitely should... We felt the passion in her voice... So we stopped for some Sangria. It's hard for me to turn down Sangria in the first place. We just ate so we just ordered the pitcher. What a yummy delightful Red Wine Sangria. I truly enjoyed it and made me want to do a happy dance. Although I was full I wanted to order every tapa on their menu because everything looked phenomenal!
The waitress was uber sweet. You should definitely check it out, definitely for the Sangrias of course.My all time go to place for happy hour and tapas and oh yes, wine! This is a great place to chill back with wine and have small plates of food. I like to get different things on the menu such as the margherita flatbread which has tomato, garlic, and mozzeral on it. Other flatbreads I also like to get are the carne (meat all over!), duck confit (who doesn't love duck), and B.L.T.
You can never go wrong with calamari, the cochon fries, ceviche, and oh my gosh the pork belly! I basically love the whole menu. It all goes great with any wine or drink of course.Disappointed that the happy hour changed so much. Used to be half off all flatbread now only a select few and pitchers went up $5. And how do you bring me creme brûlée with no spoon.So when i had their bacon wrapped merjool date at the white linen festival, it was one of the best thing i ever tasted. I went back to Salu and ordered an order of it and i got 4 pieces (i think it was 4) for about $10. It wasn't anything special this time. Just blah and for the money, completely worthless. How was it so damn good and inexpensive at the white linen festival??Tapas and wine... does it get any better than this?
That I like Salu shouldn't come as a shock to anyone. They've got lots of what I like-small plates involving mushrooms, and grilled veggies and cheeses (baked brie!), tapanade, plus salads, flatbreads and cheese plates (pick from a short list), a variety of wines by the glass (much more by the bottle), and sidewalk café seating.
Much like a fashionista in a Prada outlet (as if), I glanced at the menu and was overjoyed and didn't even know where to start choosing. Call me a FATshionista? I like food! I like options! I like lots of small plates, but much like my mama warned me all those years ago, my eyes really are bigger than my stomach because I always over order. And tapas in America are not like tapas in Spain. With the higher price tag comes a much bigger portion. So last night, I kept it to just three "small" plates and indulged in: tapanade (at $4 this is on the smaller side, but by no means is it not sharable!), crispy artichoke hearts (giant portion that I managed to eat half of) and patatas bravas that I had the intention of sharing but instead pretty much consumed the entire plate of crispy, spicy, mayo-y goodness. The tapenade is amongst the best I've had, flavorful with the addition of a bit of raw garlic. I much preferred the bread they serve with zata'ar & oil for the tapanade to the crostini that comes with, though.
They were slammed last night and it took eons for our food to come out... or, at least 45 minutes. Our waiter did come by and apologize and kindly gave me a second glass of wine on the house that was much much needed and appreciated.
Salu, I like u.Perfect happy hour!! Drinks, mussels and flatbreads, at a great price. Lemon-caper mussel are amazing. One of our go too spots!!!If you're ever in the area, make sure you visit Salu. The outside seating is pleasant, but the inside is another kind of special. 
The wait staff is amazing hands down. They're very professional. The bartender isn't a sommelier, but he was very knowledgable about the wine selection.  
Great atmosphere to meet friends and coworkers- the DJ was spinning some sick tracks #NoMusic #IdComeAgainOne of my favorite happy hours in all of New Orleans.  I've been there many times with many groups of people, and they consistently deliver.  The employees are always upbeat; if they're busy, service can be slow but nothing extremely outrageous.  I love their flatbreads and mussels (my go-to is the classic white wine, garlic, lemon, and parsley) but I think their environment is why it's my favorite.  It boasts an extremely laidback atmosphere--you can come casual or dressed up and fit right in.  The outdoor seating is perfect for people watching, and it is in walking distance from other great bars on Magazine St.  Once or twice, they've had a really hot performer during happy hour serenading us with acoustic jams!  So fun.  And prices can't be beat.  Definitely swing by for one of their house cocktails if you're in the area!This was our first time at this restaurant and we were pretty impressed with the food when we got it. I had a chicken pineapple sandwich was very good. The flavors were great.  
The problem was how long it took to get our food and that the service was sub-par. 
Overall we were satisfied with the food and would go back, but the service needs to improve.Love this place! Came here for Valentine's Day dinner this year and had a very enjoyable experience. My boyfriend and I split 6 tapas plates and a bottle of wine and left very full and happy. The service was incredibly nice and attentive, the food was amazing (I highly recommend the cheese sticks and duck flautas), and the atmosphere was hip and fun  - perfect for a date or night out on the town with friends. Although I didn't try any of the specialty drinks, there were many listed and all were reasonably priced. I'll definitely be coming back here sometime soon.I love the decor in this place! And I equally love the food. The tapas are awesome, reasonably priced, and the service is right on target. Must have's are the BBQ pulled pork, the duck breast and manchego cheese  flautas (my favorite!), the roasted chicken breast and their chorizo sliders. Now, their menu items do change, but so far the above items have been available the few times I have been there. Now that our weather has cooled off a bit, the outdoor seating at this place is a must.Great brunch, very nice outdoor seating, and good happy hour. Went there for dinner and was not impressed with the food or their prices.I love this place. Small plates are my fave and they do such a good job here. The wine list is also great and to top it all off - the waiters are SUPER knowledgeable about the wine and food, which always makes for a better dining experience.Excellent restaurant! Much better than the old reviews. I think that was due to a change in restaurant managers. Greg the current manager is friendly and devote to customer satisfaction. I am a regular at this spot not only because it is in walking distance from my home but because of the food, staff, and beverages.
Pros
Champagne and wine list
Small plates (great cheese plate!)
Friendly service
Excellent bartenders (especially Jeff)
Cute outdoor sidewalk seating available
Cons
Can get very busy and in turn causes service to be slowSalú has a delicious array of mussels, their drinks are fabulous and their happy hour is generous. I'm talking half off the *entire* bar, mussels and the flat bread! If you're looking to dine al fresco, they have a good number of outside tables. Their oysters were good, too!
Why 3 stars, then? The food is great but the service is "mixed" as Rene D. says it. 
Greg (maybe the owner or GM?) is such a pleasant presence. We'd see him while dining at nearby restaurants during happy hour. He's tirelessly taken 3000 photos of groups of us, always smiling and is great conversation. He's the reason we finally tried Salú. So glad we did.Went here on recommendation of a tour guide and was not disappointed. Terrance was our waiter and was very helpful on what to order. Hit it at happy hour and we had some mussels and flat bread pizza. All was amazing including his special mixture of mojitos.Price...great. Location...excellent. Food...superb. Service...delightful. Rarely do I eat in a restaurant and leave remembering everyone's name. Every dish we had exceeded expectation. I especially enjoyed the bacon wrapped prawns, crab cake with puri puri and the creme brûlée. Kudos to Dwight (our server) and Greg (the GM) for an awesome experience. We'll be back!I've been to Salu' twice and have enjoyed myself both times. Small plates are great because my family can try several different items. My older daughter loves the marinated olives. My younger daughter likes the fresh soups of the day. The first tiem she had vegetable soup and the second time she had corn & crab bisque. She can't wait to try another one. My husband likes the charcuterie and one of the steaks. I really enjoyed the mango chicken salad. We shared the seafood paella the first time and the veggie paella the second time. They were both very good but I'm a seafood fan so I have to say that one was the best. They also have mixed drinks but since we took the kids both times, I haven't tried many of them yet...but I will.This is probably my favorite place to go for a happy hour. The hostess always seems confused and a little rude, but once you get seated you are gold. We usually order the Parmesan mussels and the steak and cheese flatbread since those are the items that are half priced during the happy hour. We also get fries to dip into the sauce from the mussels. Best mussels ever! I also like to get a half off pitcher of coconut lime sangria. Other menu items I have tried include the calamari, pork belly, and empanadas. I love the pork belly! Can't wait to go back!My friend and I heard great things about Salu and wanted to try it out on our trip to NOLA. Both my friend and I have worked as waitresses before and I'd like to think that experience has made me more patient and understanding with the waitstaff that serves me. So, for me to become aggravated enough to come here to complain means, to me, that our service was truly unacceptable. We arrived later in the afternoon and the place was practically empty. Our waitress was perfectly friendly at first. She took our order but didn't write it down. She forgot to put in my appetizer, so I told her no problem, just scratch it. The next 45 minutes, she refilled our drinks maybe once, all the while she is chatting with a coworker at the bar. Then she brings out our entree (we were sharing a flatbread pizza) and it was the wrong pizza. She apologizes and then I tell her that we will just take our dessert. She comes back with the dessert and says that she put in the correct pizza order, but at this point we didn't have time to wait for it to be made. I was clearly frustrated at this point, so I tell her that we don't want it and will be on our way once we finish our dessert. Then she has the nerve to ROLL HER EYES AT ME. Believe me, I understand what it's like to serve someone who is being demanding, but she could have at least waiting until I couldn't see her to be so rude. My friend and I were there for almost 2 hours for a side salad and dessert. I would like to give Salu a second chance, because their food was good and I liked the atmosphere, but if this service is acceptable their, I will not go again.Go for happy hour! 3-7 half price on drinks, mussels, and flat breads! Can't beat $12 mojito pitchers and $3.50 malbecs! You will not be disappointed!Sloooooooow service. Over an hour to get appetizer. Got cerviche and the chips were made with old grease and left a bad aftertaste in your mouth. Flatbread with fig and goat cheese was decent. Burger was alright. Creme brûlée was yummy but again was burnt (the sugar part). Okay place but probably won't come back. Nothing special for me.Just had the most amazing brunch / football watching experience in NOLA.  THANK YOU !!!  Gregory, Crystal, Alyssa,Gavin, and Chris.This review could save your life. I strongly advise you read it before eating at Salu.
I went to Sunday brunch at Salu and ordered the crab cakes benedict. Our 17 month old was with us. Normally we feed her a little of what we eat so she can develop her taste buds and plus she likes to eat our food. I had started feeding her a bit form my plate when a few bites into the crab cakes I bit into something really hard. Thinking maybe it was a piece of crab shell, I was horrified to pull something out that looked like a twisted , industrial strength staple. It was very hard, large, and mangled. How I didn't chip a tooth I'm not sure.
I called the waitress over and told her about it. A clear look of shock quickly took over. I told her to take the plate away, which she did, then the floor manager came over and it all went downhill from there. She walked up clearly on the defensive, telling me it was actually a wire bristle from the brush they use to clean the grill. My response was that they clearly missed a step in cleaning.
Manager: "No you don't understand. That's how we clean the grill"
Me: "No, YOU don't understand. What you need to do after using the brush is wipe down the grill with a cloth and maybe a little oil to make sure you get any bristles left over. I could have swallowed that. Do you know if I had fed that to my daughter we'd be in the emergency room getting her stomach cut open? If that happened I would shut this (expletive) place down"
Note: I said this so quietly not even my own table heard me.
Manager (clearly annoyed) "do you want us to bring you something else?"
Me: "Yes. Something NOT from the grill"
The manager eventually came back with another dish, practically dropping it on the table and walking off without saying a word. Not one word.
Stupendous customer service. Just amazing.
They eventually took my food off the bill (only mine). I still paid for my coffee, drink, my wife's food, etc. 
We have emailed and called to speak with the General Manager and have received no response. I am pained to realize they are not treating this with the seriousness it deserves and have clearly learned nothing from this near miss. 
I fear either myself or someone else at my table will start having severe abdominal pains minute now. If so, we will know the cause.
We're not talking about finding a hair in my food. We're talking about the possibility of emergency stomach surgery. 
And for anyone thinking I'm overreacting:
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/grill-barbecue-metal-brush-dangers/
One of the worst restaurant incidents I've ever experienced. 
Eater beware.I love the happy hour at Salu, M-F from 4-7 pm.  It is a great deal to get 1/2 drinks (incl. pitchers of mojitos) and 1/2 mussels.  I miss that they changed the menu and no longer have the Parmesan pesto mussels, this was my FAVORITE!Salu is located on Magazine street and offers hot and cold Spanish and Mediterranean tapas (although they also had some Indian dishes).  It is a pretty large restaurant offering both indoor and outdoor seating.  The interior dining area is decorated with eclectic art pieces and a hand-painted circular skylight designed by local artist E. Lee Jahncke.  There is also a large colorful bar offering a wide range of wines. 
This place has been around for over a year now; however, I've always passed it by without considering it. What a mistake! Everything from the decor, ambiance, service and food was great. The food....
...Ahhh the food was delicious. Although I wouldn't exactly describe all the dishes as tapas since some came in large portions. We ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala, Patatas Bravas, Wild Mushroom and Goat Cheese Empanadas and Grilled Lamb Lollipops. 
As soon as we ordered we were served with warm white bread and a plate of olive oil and herbs. Each plate came out as prepared. We went on a Thursday which also happened to be Paella night. I'll have to go on a Thursday next time so that I can try their Paella.This place rocks. I try not to give businesses five stars anymore, lest it dilute the power of that fifth star, but based on my experience last night Salu absolutely deserves it. 
First of all, Salu is gorgeous on the inside. I don't recall details, other than the holiday leaves and berries painted on the mirrors along one wall, but it's a really nice ambiance, and would be a great place to take someone on a date who you possibly want to impress. Maybe. Anyway, I happened to be having a bit of a tough time while we were at Salu, and spent a lot of it crying (don't ask), therefore putting our waiter in a very, very awkward position. He was super awesome about it, though, completely professional, and was attentive without being annoying even though if I were him I would've tried to avoid coming to our table. 
The food was awesome. We ordered ceviche, which I thought was a little gross because it had creature in it (scallops, maybe), and prefer ceviche with just fish. But I knew that going in, and ordered it anyway, and the chips that come with it are good. We also ordered empanadas two ways; I liked the mushroom one better, but did eat the one that had meat in it (go me!) and they were both tasty. Asked about dessert, but then had finally stopped crying for long enough to actually look at the menu and discovered the manchego fried cheese sticks - totally awesomeballs, I can't wait to go back and have these again - and patatas americanas, which were good last night and pretty good a few minutes ago when I reheated them. They're slightly slimy the next day, but still tasty. 
Overall, I love Salu and can't wait to go back. In addition to my whole crying really hard for no reason thing, we also showed up pretty late and ended up being there for quite a while. We left I think 20-30 minutes after they close, we were only one of two tables when we got there to begin with, and even though they were cleaning up and we were clearly being assholes for staying so late, at no point was I made to feel like they wanted me to leave. That, again, is probably the result of our waiter's professionalism.
In a nutshell: Yay! Salu! I'm a fan!
P.S. Oh, also, forgot to mention: it was very inexpensive. Our total bill was less than $30, and it seemed like we ordered a lot of food for so little money. Granted, we didn't have drinks other than a sprite, but ceviche, empanadas, fried manchego deliciousness, patatas bravas and a sprite plus the crispy french bread they bring you. Not a bad deal for $30, right?Salu is priced fine for the quality.  Some of the dishes are on the high-end, but you can find good plates at fairer prices, including a tapas-style dinner.  It's not the best I've had in New Orleans, but it's very good, and we've been back multiple times.  They are also extremely friendly regarding any allergies, offering to cook something up special for a gluten-free, acid-free guest.  The chef seems to be on-site and creative to make whatever needs to happen, happen.
What really sets Salu apart from the rest is their staff.  I understand they went through a huge turnover last month and hired almost an entirely new, star-studded staff.  We've sat with Brandon and Wesley outside and both are fantastic. generous, and kind.  We chatted with Eli as well, whom helped at our table, and his skills and knowledge were also excellent.  The slightly older, gentleman bartender (Drew?) is also extremely friendly, knows quite a bit about drinks, and will admit when he is unsure, offering samples of their scotch selection in the absence of direct knowledge.
We haven't been, but their happy-hour is apparently killer.  We'll be back for that and for dinner.Great tapas on Magazine St.
Whether you're local or just visiting, Salu is worth checking out.A definite "meh" -- the service was mediocre and the food was not much better. Skillets came potato heavy and light on the meat/seafood/veggies and the eggs were overlooked. We asked the server (who seemed hung-over) to bring out some runny eggs on the side- took them two tries to get it right. Long wait for food when the restaurant was pretty empty.I'll say it: I'm worried about Salu. I've gone four times since May of last year, and each time has been worse than the previous one, to the point that it's been knocked down the list of restaurants I'd like to visit any given night.
The service has become progressively less attentive. The chorizo sliders have been reduced in number from 3 to 2. One server repeatedly walked away mid-sentence while asking us about our orders. And on our most recent visit the dish recommended to us by our waitress (which we got because hey it's a tapas place let's try everything) turned out to be a mini-cheese pizza with a couple mushrooms mixed in and some arugula spread dejectedly on top. 
I really, really want to love Salu again. It's got a great location and excellent vibe. I also think that if you're running a tapas place you should change the menu a bit more frequently and have some bold specials on a regular basis. That's what makes youre restaurant awesome. The servers should also be more attentive due to the rapid-fire nature of the meal and be better-versed in the entire menu to provide awesome culinary guidance.
I'll give Salu a shot one more time in the next few months and update my entry after that.Owners sent a personal invite back to make up for the poor experience we had. They obviously take the time to read the reviews and make improvements based on customer feedback. That's a major positive for an establishment.Nice brunch with unlimited mimosas, pins cup, and Bloody Mary. Would go again. Nice fit small plates. Don't go there hungry.Great service. I sat outside and ordered the Grilles Caesar salad...didn't realized this meant the lettuce was grilled, but I also didn't ask. Waiter offered a non grilled option that was great so I also ordered the fig and Prosciutto to go which was awesome! The flatbread is on super thin crust and may use a tad too much flour dusted, but overall great. Service is great. Staff is  very personable and accommodating.There isn't a better place to be than Magazine Street in the Garden District/Uptown area of New Orleans.  If you spend all your time in the quarter, you're missing out.  And my new favorite place to eat in NOLA is Salu - no doubt about it!
Got here around 4:00 PM, fresh out of the airport and very hungry!  Found this place on our way to the hotel, and picked it mostly because it was open, lucky us!
The atmosphere is Magazine St. chic (you have to be there to understand) and the service was great.  Our young waitress was very familiar with the menu, and confident in her descriptions and recommendations, which I think is always a sign of a good restaurant.  We went with her advice and got a meat and cheese tray, a small plate of empanadas, and a salmon entree - all were just outstanding, and fairly priced.  Enjoyed a bottle of very reasonably priced wine and then (again following the advice of our outstanding waitress) 2 deserts that were to die for!
Make this place a destination, you won't be disappointed!Great food, Horrid service. I have been here twice and the food has been great each time. Nothing mind blowing, but definite worth buying. However, the service we had each time was sub standard. The waiter forgot our cocktails, brought us a wrong meal, and we had to remind him multiple times for water refills.  Save your time and go down the street to baruStopped in for a drink at the bar and stayed for dinner.  A good bartender can make your night.  Thank you Josh for being a nice surprise and a pleasure to talk to.  Good food and drink here....we really enjoyed it.There are better places on Magazine St.
I chose this place for a business dinner and was not impressed.
It was our server's second day and the rest of the staff left her hanging and in doing so screwed our party.
Food was decent, nothing memorable. Go instead to The Rum House just a block away-  THAT place ROCKS!  Better food, way better service.My dining buddy L and I had the perfect spot for people watching on the night of Art for Arts' Sake, at a table outside at Salu.
I had just picked her up from the airport and we were hungry, and we wanted small plates and we ended up here.
We ordered the Crispy Artichoke Hearts, Grilled Brie, Mussels in the Fra Diavolo sauce, and I think we also had the crab cakes? I loved the artichoke hearts. I never would've thought to order them, but L doesn't eat pork so we often end up being creative with our choices, and I did not regret this one. The onions atop the grilled brie were very good with the cheese. The mussels were good, but I wasn't in love with the sauce. I wonder if we would've been better off with the classic wine sauce. And I can't believe I don't remember if we ate crab cakes or not. Lol.
We also tried the wild mushroom risotto, after it was highly recommended by our awesome server, but it was way too salty and honestly I think we were too full and did not need to order any more food.
Our first trip to Salu was a pleasant experience.This is a great restaurant that we found as we were walking along Magazine Street.  We saw the sidewalk sign that it was happy hour and one of the waiters saw us outside and told us that all the food items were half off during happy hour.  We looked over their menu and when I asked about the paella, if that was half off, too, he said yes, which is what got us going inside.  Unfortunately, one star is knocked off for the inaccurate information, as when we went inside we found out that not all the food items are half off - only the appetizers and mussels.  Still a good deal, we ordered some mussels and drinks. which was really good.  The Old World Sazerac drink here is the best I've ever had, and the bartender is really knowledgeable about cocktails.  The later the happy hour became the more the people came and the place suddenly got crowded and seats in the bar were all filled.  And since we ended up staying here for awhile, we ended up ordering the paella for dinner, which was awesome!  It had gulf shrimp, alligator and mussels - all of it which were delicious.  This was such a great find.Very nice venue apparently popular with neighborhood and nearby college students.  Small plates aren't really that small, so be careful.  I had the Salu Cesar salad, croquettes, and a couple of meat dishes and was very sated.  Food was very good, wine list was adequate, and service was great.  Great place.I was very happy with the meal and experience I had here.  
I got the cheese plate and duck flatbread, with a bottle of sparkling rose.  The flatbread was delicious!  The cheese plate was well put together with a lot of fun add ins like spicy pecans, tiny cornichons and dried cranberries.  
Their wine list was pretty impressive and our server was excellent.  I would definitely hit this place up again.The service wasn't that great. My drink got refilled once throughout the whole night. Our waiter was pushy and tried to tell us what we should or should not get. When we decided to take his recommendations we didn't end up liking our meals. I ordered a Caesar salad and was not told about the lettuce not being cut before hand.... And I also asked if the Caesar dressing had a very strong anchovy taste. The waiter said not at all. But I could smell the anchovy stench from the plate. Overall not a good experience. Next time? There will be no next time.Can't go wrong here. Busy but happy staff , pros, great attitudes. 
We did a variety - confit duck pizza, mussels, pumpkin risotto, lollipop lamb chops, crab cake Piri Piri, pâtras bratas, and desserts. Well executed small plate menu with good presentation and flavors. Good cocktail list but not mixology grade. 
NOLA has its share of good restaurants - salu makes the above average cut and is worth adding to your list of must sees.Really noisy. And my $14 crab salad had hardly any and it is listed as a house specialty. Definitely was not a special salad!My friend and I stopped in after a rigorous day of shopping in downtown NOLA and were super excited for some tapas and good wine.  Our Connecticut born waitress was very sweet and attentive.  The first bottle of wine we ordered was unavailable so we went for another, which happened to be a little more expensive and it was great.  Then we ordered the olive plate (which was super tasty) and the pan seared chicken breast.  Much to our dismay, the sweet waitress came back again and said the chef told her they were our of chicken. OUT OF CHICKEN?!  That was it for me.  2 items that we really wanted, and Salu could not deliver.   We left without ordering anything else, and frankly, still hungry.  There are two stars on this review just because our waitress was really nice, and we liked our wine.  Other than that, Salu should just disappear.This is a great place to snack and catch up with friends! You can either dine indoors or outside!I went to Salu for my birthday on a Saturday night at 8pm! I expected it to be crowded and have a horrible wait, but not at all. Walked straight in the hostess acted as if she knew me and sent me right to my table where my party was waiting. Once again a place that understands just how much I am a superstar.  The service was awesome. I had the skirt steak and it was delightful! We had so many tapas on our table and every last was worth it! 
I had a chance to enjoy my beloved Sangrias, I tried a blackberry which I loved. This sangria was so great I ended up drinking and talking all night long. I absolutely love this place. Great for tapas, sangrias, and to have a nice outing with friends where you can at least hear each other.Service was terrible and the restaurant was not filled to capacity. They ran out of glasses....how does this happen when it is not even full. The food is good but service was horrible and hostess was rudeFantastic food! One of the best restaurants in New Orleans. Went there with a larger group and everyone loved it. Try the mussels!Went here today for my birthday lunch. Waitress was nice and chit chatty. It wasn't crowded at all when we were there. I had the classic mussels for appetizer, whole sea bass for entree, and my favorite, creme brûlée, for dessert. The sea bass was perfect. I was afraid it would be hard to eat but my veteran fish-eater coworker showed me the ropes.Came here because of an advertisement for a whole roasted pig that they were serving for $5 a plate. Come to find out it was a lost leader. You had to order from the bar where there was only one bartender and then the wait was so long intentionally so you order drinks. Needless to say I walked out.This was my second time visiting this restaurant and the food was great! Had the grilled brie, a flatbread and great cocktails. Awesome place to chill and watch the crowds walk by on Magazine Street.Service was horrendous. Food was so-so. Not a good experience. Would not go back.Wasn't expecting much with this visit. Figured the food would be average as tapas restaurants don't typically specialize in awesome food. Was very pleasantly surprised with mostly everything we ordered off the menu. A majority of our party had the small plates, which were indeed good for sharing. The bacon-wrapped prawns, charcuterie plate and calamari were wonderful. The margherita flatbread (pizza) was good but had waaay too many garlic cloves and not enough basil. Shouldve swapped the ratio. My parents thoroughly enjoyed the two entrées that they shared - the chicken and the Caesar salad with shrimp. And to top off the meal, we ordered the bread pudding which was probably the best bread pudding all of us had had in the city. No joke. And we've had some bread pudding. So good we ordered a second helping to go. Yay for fat kids. Service was great and the GM was very welcoming. Will definitely come back here when I next visit NOLA.Brunch here will make you a VERY happy person. Bottomless mimosas, screwdrivers, Bloody Mary's, and pimps cup for $15.Sent my checkin prematurely 
I had awful service. My server was preoccupied with everyone around us, we had to ask for refills. My potatoes were cold and the pulled pork on my huevos rancheros had absolutely NO flavor. I will never return but the bottomless mimosas were the highlight of brunch.Stopped by while on vacation and had the pleasure of being served by Terrence. His customer service was unlike anything we've seen- and his drinks were unparalleled. Highly recommended this restaurant and a big thank you to chopper for his southern hospitality.This was a random find when entertaining some out-of-town guests. I am still getting situated in New Orleans, so I always rely on wandering Magazine street when people are visiting and ask me to pick the restaurant for dinner. 
We wandered for a few blocks, peeking in storefronts and reason menus. When we were in front of Salu, a gentlemen that worked there came outside and started to describe the dishes to us. He had us hook line and sinker.... It ended up being a great little place. The Duck Flautas and Grilled Lamb Lollipops were amazing! I could have kept ordering those over and over and over and over........
The price is right in line with other tapas type places I've visited (pretty high priced for small portions). The staff was really helpful and knowledgeable. I would recommend Salu and I am sure I'll be there again while I am living here in New Orleans.I have eaten here several times in the past few years and I've always thought the dishes were all so imaginative but lately they've felt less so.  This will not stop you from having a great time, though, and indefinitely recommend it to everyone that will listen.The only reason they are getting 2 stars is bc the bartender was awesome. Very attentive and sweet. 
That being said, I came in on a beautiful day wanting to sit outside and was told there was one group in front of us so the wait shouldn't be long. After said table was sat and we were still waiting, we found out that the MANAGERS FRIENDS HAD COME AND WANTED TO SIT OUTISIDE SO WE WERE PUSHED BACK TO ACCOMMODATE THEM. Wow, really? That is outrageous and beyond unprofessional. I was and still am floored.
On top of that, our food was burnt and overcooked.i visited this establishment tonight as part of the Nola Unofficial Oscar Award Viewing Party. As i walked in my eyes were very pleased with the design of this space very modern and chic. i have to say in my opinion is the best use of design and decor for any restaurant ive seen in nola. i love the long vertical mirrors on the walls, the plush cushioned seats against the walls and the view of the kitchen.i was also mesmerized by the blue glass art on the ceiling in the middle of the restaurant
the food all i had was the proscuitto and potato croquettes. they were good i didnt care too much for the sauce. my friend jess offered me a piece of her fried manchego cheese. they too were good but again i didnt care for the sauce.
service was good. i was pleased at how often my water glass was refilled.
id definately come back to try the chicken and mango salad if i could find  parking.Such a nice atmosphere.  Quiet and just nic. I Cane HERE After Being On Facebook LOOK ING FOR ONE Of My Cousins AND Then Boon! A Sign!!!! Happy Hour. I KNEW THEN that I had to come check it out.  Half off of all alcohol at the bar from 3 pm to 7 pm. Sucks that it's  til 7pm,   but hey I'm still in love with the fact that I caught it. The bartenders here is very friendly.  Everyone seemed to have known one another.  I enjoyed seeing these bartenders get their customers drink orders down to a T. It's like as if it was embedded in their brains. They worked so gracefully and the bartenders were very knowledgeable about the menu and drinks. The thing that gave them the 4 stars from me was that I asked them drink prices and they cared enough to answer me back with a price.  They were so personal with me. They looked me in my face and ask me my name, my drink order and what do I do for a living.  I loved it. Honestly that's like two star worthy right there. So I am pleased and I will be back. Maybe I should try some food. But this bar deal is so entertaining and I'm contempt with just being here at the bar. I am going to go ahead and try some food and I will edit itOutstanding food. Outstanding service. Drinks were great. All in all a great place with food you can taste. One taste explosion after the other. Try the Duck Confite Flatbread, Lamb Lollipops, Mussels in tomato sauce and more. Had a delicious creme brulee for desert.Their calamari was really good and so was the flatbread with crab. However, everything else was off. I had the crab ravioli which was disappointing. The pasta was too soft and mushy and the sauce and stuffing was bland. I also had the salmon and brie and was just not a fan either. It was too much salmon and not enough apple which when compounded with the brie and mustard made for an unpleasantly heavy dish. Oh and our waiter SUCKED. Wouldn't answer our questions, we paid in cash and he didn't bring us back the change we asked for, and lastly the cappuccino i had at the end of the meal was weak and shitty.A local told me about this gem, and we loved it.  Stopped in about 2 PM and sat at the bar with my honey.  The bartender was friendly and charming, and made a mean "Monaco" - a delicious craft cocktail, made with vodka, cucumber and mint. The quinoa salad with roasted grapes was excellent, as were the mussels in the classic white wine sauce. Enjoyed mopping up the broth with flatbread. My boyfriend loved his crab cake - very fresh.  The lunch ended with a creme brulee, which we quickly devoured.  The old feel of the place gave it character. If I lived in NOLA, I'd be a regular.Went here in anticipation of great small plates.  Started with the Salu salad which was cool - served in a cucumber ring.  Went on to order the octopus (very tough although the cilantro cream sauce was great) and the bacon wrapped prawns. Very tasty but a bit overcooked... (in NOLA??).  Had two types of mussels as main. Both of which were superb. But here's the rub....  Mussels were served in great sauces - with no bread. We asked our server for bread - after 10 minutes, nothing. So we asked another server - who was too busy with her tables to bother. Finally I went inside (we were al fresco) to ask the hostess.  After 30 minutes the bread came. Sorry but we were finished and the sauces were cold.  They need to step up their act here. If I could give them 2 1/2 stars, I would. Side note: they were out of prosecco after one glass each.We love to come here for happy hour. It lasts until 6:30, and includes half off drinks, flatbreads, and mussels. All of these things are great. I love their cocktail menu! All their options and portion sizes food wise are great! The only complaint I have is the scarcity of your server during happy hour. It does get busy, but we have to order a drink/pitcher when she/he drops off a previous drink order.So, I went here with some friends this past Friday night.  It was 8pm sat near the bar area where the pub tables were.  Ordered 2 appetizers.  One was a baked brie.  I was very impressed.  The other app was a beet salad that was delish, too.  All the drinks were flowing perfectly.  Great prompt service. Can't wait to go back!I stopped here for an impromptu visit with a girlfriend after a workout session. I had been wanting to eat here since it opened, and always passed it but never had time. We ordered the coriander seared tuna.  The fresh mango they serve with the 4 plump tuna pieces on top of is such a tasty contrast (and I generally don't like Mango).  You will definitely want more of this dish! For entrees we ordered the crabmeat and four cheese flatbread in addition to the tomato basil and cheese flatbread. The crab meat flatbread was scrumptious, and the tomato flatbread had so many different flavors that just worked. Both are equally good, but don't get the crab flatbread if you don't like that seafood taste because the crab flavor is pretty pervasive in this dish. We had plenty of food for the both of us (and we hadn't eaten all day). I will definitely be bringing my husband here, and am excited to experience it at night and try the wine-bar. Overall, was very pleased, and the service was great too! They were very friendly and accommodating as I snuck a different waiter my credit card to give to our waiter who was in the back at that time, and kept my water glass filled even though we were (by choice) sitting outside right before a storm. Definitely a must-try!Let me start with my biggest problem: I WAITED OVER AN HOUR FOR A CHECK. Got that? No matter how good the food, how nice the decor, how strong the drinks, I WAITED OVER AN HOUR FOR MY CHECK. At 3p on a Tuesday. Only table on the floor, too. 
The food, my loves, is five star food. The ladywife and I love doing round-robin tapas, each picking a plate in turn to share with the other and delighting each other bite by bite. Even though Salu keeps changing their menu on me, taking away favorites and adding new things that I'm not really super sold on (until I try them, then yes!), I love pretty much everything. Nibbling and noshing my way through is very yes. Their vegetarian selection is stunning for a restaurant in this city, too! Aliyah and I can easily stuff ourselves silly with ethical small plates here. 
The drinks are also lovely and wonderful, especially for my lady who prefers her drinks extra fruity. We've always had a rolling good time with the house specials, ordered by the glass instead of by the pitcher. (See Rene D's advice about pitchers of drinks.) 
However. Service. Waiting over an hour for a check while I watch the bartender watch TV. Asking for the check every ten minutes for over an hour. It made me feel just wretched. I don't really want to go back, even though I love the food, and tapas is just so much fun! 
Accessibility notes: Step up into the restaurant. No Braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours. Tables are close together.Always a great experience! My only request is pleeease bring back the salmon strudel, PLEASE! Ha I seriously used to come here strictly for that.Man, this place rocked!!! Our server, Garland was SUUUPER accommodating! And Gregory the owner was just a down right great friendly welcoming guy! And the btmless menu was killer!!! I've never been to a spot where you can interchange mimosas and bloody marys! Not to mention there's a bloody bar!!! And the ambiance.... everybody was hootin and tootin! It was like one big party!Sat at the bar for happy hour... Terrance made amazing drinks!! Ask him to make his specialty coffee cocktail, to die for!I've come here three times, once for dinner and twice for mid-week happy hour.  I really have nothing bad to say about the time I came for dinner.  The drinks were good and so was the food although I did find the food to be a little on the pricey side for small plates.  The two times I've come for happy hour were not that great.  Both times we sat outside and the services was ridiculously slow.  There were three filled tables outside and three inside.  We ordered a pitcher of margs and it took about 15 minutes to get it.  The price is great and they taste good, but I thought that was strange.  I haven't tried any other cocktails.  All of the food I've tried here has been great.  Oyster nachos, crabmeat flatbreat, potato and leek soup, and the potatoes.  I'm sure I'll be back.One of the best happy hours around.  Half off mussels and flatbreads.  Not to mention the entire bar.  I had the pico de Gallo mussels with linguine.  They give you plenty of mussels and the pico complemented the linguine quite well.  Had the fig and prosciutto flatbread. Sweet and salty if you like that combo as much as myself you won't be disappointed.  I will definitely add this place to my rotation!Happy hour was decent.  Mussels and flatbreads for a cheaper price.  The mussels were great and great for sharing.  Flatbreads are HUGE, definintely a good deal.  Reccomend the dates, not on the happy hour menu but well worth it.  Pitchers for $10-$12, and excellent service.Yummy happy hour, we had rhe Diavolo and Parmesan mussels and the goat cheese and mushroom flatbread and it was delicious. The blueberry margarita was nice and strong! Flatbreads mussels and drinks were all half off for happy hour!This place was delicious!  We came for brunch and had the bistro burger and French toast sliders. The bistro burger was one of the best burgers I have ever had!  The meat was very good quality and the burger was extremely tasty....it's a MUST try.  The French toast sliders were very good as well.  Sweet but not over the top!  We'll be back for dinner soon!Happy hour!!! Great specials with half off drinks and select foods. Drinks were tasty but on the weak side!! Flatbreads were just "ok" but the pesto and classic mussels were great. Service was good. 
Will go back againIt is a somewhat upscale restaurant, but not too stuffy.  Their Abita Andy-Gator was only $5, which is a steal, especially considering that it's a nicer restaurant.  
I ordered the calamari, which was simply awesome.  Fried to perfection, with a wonderful flavor.  If you are a calamari lover, this is your dish.  And the Wild Mushroom Risotto was very good as well.  
I had been here before and had the Paella, which wasn't great.  Stick to the small plates, and you can't go wrong.
Small plates run about $10-14, and you will probably need two per person for a hungry meal.  You could easily get away with 3 plates for 2 people otherwise.I love the tapas and they have great happy hours prices on drinks, bruschetta and clams! The rest of the menu is a bit uninspired but decent for the price.Went for brunch on a Saturday. They had a 2-for-1 drink special. For all you discerning drinkers out there, I highly recommend ordering a Bloody Mary instead of a mimosa or Pimm's Cup for several reasons:
1) There's a Bloody Mary bar. Okra? Pickles? Celery? Bacon? Add away! The limit does not exist! Heck, you could probably just make an entire meal out of your Bloody.
2) When you order a Bloody Mary, the server will bring you a big ol' glass with vodka, the idea being that you mix your own at aforementioned Bloody Mary bar. However, you could easily just sip on straight-up vodka and it would just look like you're hydrating with regular water.
3) It was only $6.
The food is just alright and nothing worth Instagramming, if you're into that kind of thing. I had an omelette that the menu described as containing "farmers goat and asparagus." The phrasing was a bit confusing. Turns out they meant that the omelette was made with "goat cheese" and not actual farmers and/or goats,  which was a disappointment. Vegetarians beware: the home fries are delicious, but have surprise bacon hiding in their starchy depths.
I was wavering between 3 and 4 stars, but settled on 3 because the menu was in Comic Sans, which I find incredibly offensive.Ate at Salu on a Thursday night.  It was alright.  
Pros: 
The food was actually really good.  The waiter was nice...however....
Cons:
The bartender was so obnoxious.  He was yelling and singing and it was really hard to enjoy our meal without being distracted by him.....even from across the room. I made a comment to the waiter about the bartender and he laughed it off.....Thanks. 
I've been here a few times and obviously like it since I am a repeat customer.  I guess I'll remember to sit outside next time!I have always enjoyed this place! I have no idea what the bad reviews are about. The food is always on point and the drinks aren't bad either. I always take my out of town friends here, can definitely recommend.I LOVE Salu's happy hour, and their variety of bottomless drinks (mimosa/Pimm's Cup/Screwdriver/Bloody Mary) during Brunch is pretty amazing. Greg is an awesome manager, and really made my friend feel special on his birthday. I'm so glad this place is walking distance from my house!I ventured to Salu for lunch and arrived right when they were opening.  I sat near the window and the place filled up during the time I was there.
The waitress was nice. She wasn't always there when I wanted her, but the service was not lacking either.
I ordered a glass of prosecco that was lovely.  They deliver quite good, warm, crunchy bread when you order and I really enjoyed it.
The chicken, vegetable, and orzo soup was hearty with plenty of veggies. It was already good, but I added some Crystal hot sauce too it and loved that too.
I also ordered the fig and prosciutto flatbread that also had goat cheese and balsamic syrup. Wow - this could definitely have used a ton more proscuitto to balance out the sweetness of fig and balsamic syrup, but I loved the thinness of it, and the way it mostly (aside from the middle) remained crispy. The sweetness was saved by the goat cheese, that brought this entire flatbread into creaminess-heaven. 
There was also arugula on this flatbread which at times saved it from being too sweet.  The proscuitto was just not in attendance enough to help with that. 
I just know my husband would be head over heels for this flatbread and was sorry we didn't get a chance to go back.
Sadly, I ended on a note of lukewarm coffee - but overall I had a very nice experience.This place is kind of hit or miss, but when it hits the mark, it really hits the mark. I came in here one evening pretty hungry and looking for a quick bite. I asked the server what his favorite items were and he gave me a rundown. I went with his suggestions. I got the pulled pork and some other dish - I forget exactly. I forget because the plate was forgettable. But the pulled pork was amazing! 
I don't know that I'd frequent this place, but I'd definitely come back whenever I'm in the mood for pulled pork. The portions were kind of small, but of course this is a tapas place so no surprise there. Two plates did make me full though.
They have some tables out on the sidewalk and it's nice to sit there and observe passersby. The servers are attentive and helpful.My friends and I have a love affair with this place. Try as we may, we can't get enough of their flatbreads!
Margherita, mushroom and spinach and artichoke, there's plenty of awesome toppings for the vegetarians in the group. For the omnivores, there's pork belly, fig and prosciutto and the BLT to satisfy your hunger. We always swear we're going to try new toppings every time we come, but the old ones are so yummy, we always go back to them. 
During happy hour, the flatbreads are 1/2 off so you can't go wrong! I always order a couple of savory ones and their nutella and fruit one so I've got leftovers the next day! 
From 3-7pm M-F, they also have mussels and drinks for 1/2 off. So we all head there after work and enjoy their fresh fruit mojitos and delicious food. 
My friends love their mussels. I tried their parmesan and chili and garlic butter. Parmesan was much better but overall, I wasn't impressed. Mussels were small and some still had a fishy flavor to them. So, they weren't clean all the way, and that's not something I play with. However, my friends have ordered them a number of times, and they promised and I've seen that was a one-time thing. I also didn't get any bread with my mussels, so first and last time I'll order them. 
Something I would love to order are their ribs they had on their July BBQ menu. Those ribs are easily the best in the city. Fantastic baked beans and wonderful homemade potato salad. Love how no two potato salads are the same! And Salu's is definitely a keeper. The brisket was too dry and needed more of the amazing BBQ sauce. 
Service is also usually amazing. When we first went, all their servers were either big black men and tiny blondes. Now, it's not-so-big black men and slender brunettes. They're not fat but not the waifs of the blondes of the past. The brunettes are also better servers than the blondes and much nicer! 
Last time we were there, we were a party of 8 which ended up being 9 that arrived in fits and spurts over a couple of hours. Other places would have been pissed and demanded our entire party be there before sitting us. Instead we were able to order drinks and food to our content as our friends shuffled in. The server was attentive and friendly the entire time. 
They've also got a parking lot with a security guard who actually watches you go into Salu and leave. On busy Magazine, it's great to not have to hunt for parking.
No wonder Salu unanimously is in our Top 5 Restaurants and voted the best place for Happy Hour.
They've also got a wonderful brunch too, but with $15 bottomless mimosas and bloody Marys, get here early to avoid the hour long wait.The first time I came to this restaurant I left with a not so nice opinion of the place not because of the food but because of the noise level. The second time, I ate outside and the whole experience was 10 times better. I was able to hear the waitress explain what was on the menu. The family members I was with enjoyed themselves as much as I did.  I love their Tapas selection. The Sangria both white and red was out of this world. Its a nice place to eat...more so outside when you can hear yourself speak. I hope to come back when I'm in the area again.Some of ya'll either have not had good tapas, lucked out of the day you went or just plain hyped up this place for coolness factor. Good tapas in this city is hard to find.  So far only Vega and Baru will do for Spanish tapas for me.
My friend is moving back to L.A. after 12 year in the Nasty South, so we said, alright let's go try some new places and go to some of our old haunts.
So off to Salu we went to lunch.  Since my friend is leaving, I let her order whatever she wants.  So she orders:
-beef tartare $9
-grilled lamb lollipops $10
-duck breasts avec manchego flautas $5.5
-crispy fried manchego cheese sticks $dont remember
The only think I thought was good was the  bread with olive oil.  Sad isnt it?  
After all the hype from friends and reviews, I finally was able to come and dine only to be disappointed.  The beef tartare was nothing to scream about and for $9 bucks they gave me probably about 2-3 oz. on a plate.  Lamb lollipops were $10 for 2 small ones that were filled with fat.  I wish it was duck fat, I wouldve saved it and brought it home to fry up like cracklin.  
The duck breasts was ok but lacked something else.  The same with the beef tartare and the fried manchego plate.  After we finished and the waiter brought us the bill, I told the waiter that he was great, but that the food lacked flavor.  I told him that I was no stranger to spanish tapas and that all of the plates we had lacked flavor in everything.
Overall, the atmosphere and decor was nice, hip, and I would hang out there with some rowdy people on a Friday night, but if the food isnt good what's the point? Im a foodie but not a foodie bitch so I will give this place one more try but this time Im going to go in the evening for dinner and see if there is any difference.
Full bar, with a good size dining room.  There is no smoking but there are tables out front for dining so you can get your nicotine on out there.  Credit and cash is accepted. Parking is off-street. Watch out at night if you are parking on the side streets in that area.  
Dress code is casual or code for yuppy wear.Incredible breakfast and equally incredible service. We loved this place and even tried to come back, but they were packed with reservations. They serve unlimited bloody Mary's, screwdrivers, mimosas, and pimms cups for $20 and you can switch between the different choices. The Bloody Mary's has a DIY Bloody Mary bar that is pretty impressive. My husband ordered the huevos ranchero and he enjoyed it. I got the avocado and roasted tomato eggs Benedict and it was delightful. Only complaint was that my food was on the cold end and the roasted tomatoes weren't that good. The onion potatoes with bacon on them were flavorful though. They offer speciality hollandaise's and mine came with the lemon hollandaise. It was yummy, but our friends with us raved about the cilantro jalapeño hollandaise that came on the crab cake Benedict. If you're in the area, this place is worth a try! Plus the service was great!I was looking forward to bringing my lady friend to Salu because of how delicious the items on the menu sounded. I like eating tapas style because it really gives you the ability to order a whole slew of dishes.
I must say the food was just okay.  I really enjoyed the duck flautas, soup of the day (potato, leek, and garlic), and the pulled bbq pork (good portion for its price).  
I was disappointed by the crab meat flatbread as it was hard and burnt on the bottom and on the thicker crust areas, I was also underwhelmed by the patatas which simply tasted like slightly burned country styled hash browns and I couldn't really taste the garlic aioli. The wild mushroom empanitas were okay, not in the traditional sense of empanadas, and it seemed slightly undercooked and soggy.
Overall, this was okay, but I'm not sure if I would go back. I would like to try other dishes, but I feel I may be disappointed again.This seems to be one of those places where anything you get is bound to be delicious, and the ambiance is great. We got to sit outside and it was such a pleasant atmosphere, although the inside is beautifully designed as well. Overall, its not very expensive even with drinks, and it is very filling despite the small plates designation. 
I highly recommend the "BBQ Pulled Pork," its so juicy and flavorful and served with a delicious red onion salad. This was my favorite dish. 
We got the crabmeat flatbread, which was so good I couldn't stop eating. Seriously you must order this, its a great addition to your meal. 
Also good are the "Stuffed Dates" (so yummy with creamy mascarpone, bacon, and a divine vinaigrette) and the "Chili Garlic Shrimp, because they are cooked to perfection (and I'm super picky about shrimp. I hate when they're too squishy and I hate when they're dry).I'm from RI, but I travel to New Orleans yearly during Mardi Gras season.  I feel like once you get the "New Orleans" food staples out of the way, you start to opens your eyes to all the other great food in this city.  If you're lucky enough, you find a place like this.  I've always enjoyed the idea of the Tapas, or small plates, style of dining because I've never seen a menu where I wasn't torn between 2 or more things I really wanted to try!  Many tapas restaurants go a little overboard with their pricing due to their "fancy" concept, but that is not the case at Salú.  My friend and I split 6 different dishes + dessert + wine all for about $80!  On top of the fantastic food, Salú offers a very welcoming atmosphere and excellent service.  If you want to get out of the French Quarter, and you feel like you can eat more than just gumbo in New Orleans, I would highly suggest paying Salú a visit.  Tonight was my second meal there, and they are officially 2 for 2 in my book!did small plates: monk fish ceviche, hoisin pork ribs, empanadas.
the ceviche crossed the line with the lemon.  you know when it goes from tasting "fresh and light" to so sour that it's almost bitter?  yeah.
ribs and empanadas were nice.  not life-changing but you know the great thing about small plates?  they don't have to be awesome because there's always something else on the table.
like happy hour sangria.I've been to this place a few times and I really enjoy the flat bread.  The food presentation is good and the service is friendly, but overall the flavor of some of the dishes could be improved.If you're coming with a large group.... beware! I made a reservation over a week in advance for a party of 16. When we arrived, they had reserved 2 different tables. The whole point was so that we could sit TOGETHER! When I asked the waiter about it, he said there was nothing he could do. So I went and spoke to the owner and after a lot of bargaining he finally let us put the tables together. There was plenty of room to do so! However, our server was excellent. The food was sub-par. At the end of our meal I went and thanked the owner for letting us move the tables and he seemed to have lightened up by then. I was so put-off by the whole reservation/table seating experience that I decided I would never return and I probably never will....My family and I went here on a Friday night with a reservation for four. I saw the great ratings and it seemed like a solid place. However, the service was really lacking. It took about an hour for our food to come out. I had ordered the beet salad with chicken and the waiter forgot to put the chicken on. I didn't consider it a big deal but it took about 15 minutes to come out. My sister had the pork belly and it was really tough and she couldn't eat it. On the contrary, the mushroom empanadas were awesome and I highly suggest them. I think this place could be really great but the service needs to get its act together.I decided to write a post about this establishment after several poor experiences.  Below is a copy of the letter I sent to the head chef and general manager.  The email to the GM was bounced back as undeliverable (I got the email from Salu's website), and I have never heard back from the chef.  The following sums up the reasons that we will not be returning:
Mr. Thomas,
I am writing in regards to three separate experiences I have recently had at Salu. 
The first was on December 31, 2012, when my family and I had dinner at Salu to celebrate my birthday, just as we had done the previous New Year's Eve.  At no point in that evening were we made to feel welcome in the restaurant, and the competence of the server was minimal at best.  Several times throughout the meal, he had to return to the table to ask us to repeat our order.  Although he had originally written everything down, we never received all of the items we ordered.  He did remove these items from the bill, but the experience was certainly lacking.  In addition, the food was nowhere near the standards we have come to expect at Salu.  Since it was New Year's Eve, we chalked it all up to a busy night, and forgot about it.  
On February 14, 2013, my wife and I made dinner reservations at Salu for 7:15pm.  We were greeted by the 2 hostesses, whom I can only describe as surly.  The ladies were unhappy, unsmiling, and unaccommodating in every way.  We were told to wait at the bar, which we did, and we were not seated until after 7:40pm.  There were available tables in the restaurant, but for some reason, the hostesses were not seating any patrons at these tables.  When I asked them about this, they rolled their eyes and said they'd seat me when something became available.  Please bear in mind that these two hostesses spent most of the evening talking to each other, and from what I could overhear it was not business-related.  When we were finally seated, we experienced slightly better service than our previous visit.  Our waitress was attentive at first, but that quickly went away.  She soon became a memory, as it was hard to find her in reality.  The food was great, except for the carpaccio.  It was simply a pile of raw meat on the plate, and it looked like someone had been pushing it around with a spoon trying to spread it out - nothing like the standard preparation, at Salu or anywhere.  Again, it was a busy night, so we did not complain. 
On February 17, 2013, we had some friends visiting New Orleans for their 5th wedding anniversary.  For some reason, we sent them to Salu.  The restaurant was not busy at all, and they were seated pretty quickly.  The good service ended there.  They said that their server must have been training for their first waitstaff job ever.  They said they felt ignored, that it took a very long time to get their food, and they were just not made to feel welcome.  They did, however, rave about the taste of the food.
We have been patrons of your restaurant since the doors were first opened.  We have taken our parents to dinner and lunch there on several occasions, as well as many of our friends.  The food is consistently above average, and we really enjoy the small plates.  It also helps that we live just a few blocks away, and Salu is conveniently located for us. 
However, Mr. Thomas, I am sorry to say that we will not be returning to Salu, nor will we be recommending it to anyone again.  Food quality and taste can only go so far when working against a poor customer experience.  On the two holiday evenings, I can understand the sub-par service.  But when friends have a poor experience on a non-busy evening, and they were acting on my recommendation, I am embarrassed.  I am embarrassed that I sent them to Salu, and you should be embarrassed at the poor customer experience that seems to be a new consistent policy for your staff.
In a city teeming with great restaurants, and the recent resurgence of the Magazine corridor, you should return Salu to the original standards.  Otherwise, you may soon find an empty building.By the pictures, Im sure you get the gist that this is a tapas or family style dining restaurant which happens to be my favorite way to eat. Ive been here on a couple occasions and on both visits I was able to sample a variety of items from the menu. My first visit didnt wow me but I also didnt get a chance to try any of their signature mussels which was my original intention so I wanted to wait to write my review as well.  
The menu descriptions all sound amazing and I have a hard time choosing but then it arrives and it ends up being nothing I would crave. Im not saying the food is bad, its just underwhelming. Prices are borderline high for the disappointment but would be right on target if amazing.  Specialty drinks run around $9-$11 and aren't that special either. Same thing here..the description sounds great but then it ends up being just ok. 
The hostess was apparently new on my recent visit and had trouble finding our party of 2  a table even though the restaurant was half empty. Then she chose the table closest to the band which I asked to move to another table so my guest and I could talk.Then we sat and sat until I got up and notified a nearby server. Once they realized no one had waited on us, they were polite and accommodating. 
On my last visit, we walked in at the tail end of happy hour and I ordered the strawberry french 75. It was served near room temp and for a drink that usually make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside had zero effect. I'm purely guessing the strawberry infused gin was infused with strawberry liqueur vs the fruit  adding sugar and the champagne used was either not a brut or was served flat hence the room temperature. My guest ordered the strawberry mojito and did not care for it or drink it. 
As for the mussels that I had been wanting to try, they smelled like elephants(first thing that came to mind) and the $4 fries were under cooked. The broth was underwhelming as well. 
So even though my first couple of visits were not very exciting and I wouldnt suggest Salu to anyone, if a friend asked me to go I still would and just try other things. I would suggest going during happy hour which doesnt end until 7 because their drink and food specials are pretty generous. 
Side note: The atmosphere is relaxed but can get pretty loud since there is no upholstery to soak up the noise.Went here with a group of friends for happy hour. My husband and I loved the mussels but our drinks were a bit off. Our sangria tasted a bit too diluted with soda and the dirty martini tasted unbalanced with strong olive flavor. However, the service was good though I think overwhelmed with the happy hour rush.Went here with a group of 10 people for brunch and it was wonderful. Our server Mary was on point and had a great personality. She made sure we never were empty on our bottomless brunch. She had great recommendations and the patience required for someone dealing with 10 people who were hungover and looking to drink more. Food was excellent as well! Try their crab cake bennyTapas are fun because you get to try a little of a lot.  I really enjoyed my food here and service was good. I will go again5 stars for their happy hour mojito pitchers (mango WIN!)
2 stars for their vegetarian tapas
I love that I can count on their fresh mojito pitcher to save me and my friends from our week on a Friday evening. And I can guarantee I'll make it in time because their happy hour is more like 3 hours, lasting until 7 p.m. 
I don't love that I spend enough for a full meal on bread and dips because it's almost the only thing they have for vegetarians. Everything I've tried has been tasty but too small...smaller than your average tapas plate. If you go with a group, everyone might get to try one piece of the plate but even as a couple we didn't get much to fill, so we kept drinking our pitcher to fill the void.Very pleasant evening was started here--we stopped in for a cocktail & tapas prior to heading to seeing a concert @ Mahalia Jackson Theater. Anyway--Hubby's drink was perfect, and mine was good. For second round, bartender listened to my critique and mine was perfect too! (I'm picky!!) Good service from waitstaff, fantastic food--the flatbread was divine, and the prawns exceptional. They knew we had time constraints and sent us on our way....perfect evening! We will be back...Perfect for when you want to find a place to meet up with just a couple friends for a casual evening with delicious shared-small-plates and delicious cocktails.  The atmosphere and decor is more modern than a lot of the places on Magazine St. which makes for a nice change.  Almost every small-plate I've ordered from here has been delicious and they have a great variety.  Something for meat-lovers and vegetarians alike.  Something for sophisticated palates and simple palates alike.
 The only that's funny about this place is the service.  Every time I've gone with my friends we've thought, "Are they on something?"  One time our waitress disappeared and we had to find someone else to take over.  Another time the hostess forgot which one of us we were even though we were the only ones waiting and the restaurant was only 1/4th full so I'm not sure why we were waiting to begin with.  But if you're like me and my friends - you don't really care and it just kinda adds to the fun of the evening.  If you have to wait long - just sit at the bar and ask the bartenders to make up something great for you - because they will!!  Not a place I would take an impatient serious family or business partners to though.It was good but not overly impressive. Started with the sangria which was rather good. Ordered all small plates. Lamb lollipop = B. Ceviche = C+. Flautas = B+. BBQ beef on corn fritters = B. Empandas two ways = B-  
This place will probably turn over soon like the other restaurants in the same location have done.Good place, especially for happy hour. Great location on Magazine St. Prices have gone up some lately, so it's gets maybe a little too expensive (unless you go for the happy hour).went there with my wife last night....heard this was a good place from some friends. 
food was bland or unpalatable.  sent back two small plates.  I AM NOT A PICKY EATER.  maybe we caught them on and off night, but we were not impressed, and probably won't come back.  luckily the waitress subtracted the costs of the returned food, but the damage was done. 
only bright note: they made a decent cocktail and had a good wine list.I went last night and ordered the Paella. The seafood tasted old and chicken was totally dried out. It seemed several days old. The filet with reduced sauce and hasselback potatoes were also meh. The small plate scallops were good. It seems to do better with small plates than entrees.Birthday dinner date was at Salu. I thought you had to be dressed up for the place but  it tells you right on the door - casual attire. So casual that some female patrons who were there that night had on some shorts and crazy 'summer' miniskirts. The ambience inside lends itself to a more romantic, sort of upscale type of dress so that was a bit jarring to have to see someone's butt cheeks hanging out of their clothes every time they went to the bathroom, passing by our table. The food was not bad, really. The bf and I ordered and shared several small plates - ceviche (my favorite - weird, because I usually don't eat shrimp and I dislike cold food), lamb lollipops (we ordered medium, they came out extremely done - bits were blackened and burned), meatballs (my bf's favorites, my second favorites after the ceviche) and the goat cheese-wild mushroom empanadas (kind of forgettable). I really liked the bread that came with the ceviche. It was fried, flat and fiercely tasty. I also had my first ever Pimm's Cup drink. It was quite refreshing. Service was not bad at all - sort of had 2 servers on us and they were attentive. For dessert, I tried the Penna Cota and I am not a fan. I liked the fruits on it and that was it. I was hoping that they had some sort of cake that I could order for my birthday but I don't believe they did. Nonetheless, I enjoyed my meal at Salu and I think that, despite the burnt lamb chops, I will be back.I'm a New Orleans local and always love going to the many restaurants we have to offer. Salu is one of the few that I frequent more often then most. The food is consistently good. The atmosphere is casual, slightly loud on the weekends, but I like to go on a week night. The lamb lollipops are a must, the mussels are also excellent. The staff is always nice, and if there is ever anything wrong with your order, they make sure they take care of you, whether with extra food or a round of drinks.Service was great! I can honestly say the servers were attentive and extremely nice. However, the food was so disappointing. I ordered the BLT flatbread and the bread was burnt to a crisp .. blackened. Also the bacon wasn't thoroughly cooked!! It was still stringy and almost rubbery. Damn near impossible to eat. I loved the service just NOT the food. Will not eat there again.If you are looking for a cool happy hour spot in a classy setting perfect for catching up with girlfriends or meeting a client and away from the traditional debauchery, then you have to check out Salu. 
Their happy hour includes Classic Margaritas, Mojitos, Sangrias and Caipirinhas at half price (currently $2.50). And for a dollar more you can add a seasonal flavor such as mango, blackberry or orange, but if that is not your thing, they also have deals on specialty drinks and beer.  
If you happen to get the munchies, they also offer a special discount on all Mussels and Flatbreads. They have more than enough options to choose from, but I decided on the Chorizo Mussels (housemade Chorizo, Beer, Garlic and Roasted Tomatoes). It was good but I wish it were a lot spicier; the broth needed to infuse the flavors a little more.
My friend decided to get the Steak and Cheese Flatbread (slow cooked Onions and White Cheddar). I liked the crispiness of the bread and the quality of the steak and cheese. It was really good and not greasy.
Oh, and the service is amazing too. Salu has some great, funny and friendly wait staff. Salu's happy hour happens every Monday thru Friday from 4:00pm to 7:00pm.While I think the prices are a bit high, I have to give 4 stars for the happy hour. Great mojitos, not too sugary, and the flatbreads are all $8. The sizes are generous, so it's definitely enough for dinner.Happy Hour!!  That is all I have to say; half off everything in the bar, flatbreads and mussels.  Good Cabernet's for as low as $2.50 the glass.  Crab and cremini flatbread excellent, classic margherita flatbread well...classic :-) The maple bread pudding is great to share.  The calamari seemed a little on the oily side, but to be expected I guess when u order something fried.  Service staff very nice.  DESIGNATED PARKING next to Amici/ bank.First time in and love this place!
Excellent crab cakes and super cool happy hour. We'll be back soon!I've been to Salu numerous times...and when you live in a city like New Orleans where you could easily go to a different spot every time, that's saying something. Their happy hour is really amazing. I love the salu champagne cocktail (rye whiskey and champagne yusssssssss). The flatbreads are great...I didn't love the BLT one, but all the others I've had are awesome. I also loved the sriracha garlic mussels. I'm usually here for happy hour but I have eaten the paella here, which was also amazing and huge. Definitely stop in!I hate to be ungracious after the profusely apologetic and good-humored manager lavished me with free tequila shots, but I must point out---for the sake of the human race, or for the sake of one poor old lady's stomach and rectum--- the rankness of this place. The staff is very nice but the service moves around as if underwater. It's like everybody's experiencing, I don't know, a buffering slowdown or whatever. I halfway expected to see hovering above their heads those twirling colored ball things, the beachballs of death, you see on your Mac when it's being a bitch.
You ask for a fork, and you get it five minutes later. You ask for a drink, ten minutes. Meanwhile, it's 3 o' clock on a Sunday afternoon and only three of the fifty tables are occupied. 
No kidding, I saw a couple standing twenty minutes----twenty minutes!----at the front waiting to be seated. They appeared lobotomized and didn't seem to care.
But wait, here's the really bad part. I found a dead fly in my food. After eating most of it. Sure, sure, I know, flies happen, particularly in New Orleans, but this was a huge dead fly. Kindly, I told a busboy, "Hey, man, not to be a dick, but there's a dead fly in my food."
Then? The busboy...looked up. At the ceiling. At the 30 foot high ceiling. "Well, maybe he fell down?"
"You mean died? Right over my plate?"
He shrugged.
"He had a heart attack, mid-flight, exactly right over my plate?"
"Let me get the manager."
The manager, a portly and jolly black dude, sauntered out about ten minutes later. He apologized like hell and I told him no problem. He said he...wanted to give me a hug. I said sure, why the hell not. We exchanged one of those clap-your-back hugs you give your leper uncle. He then brought out a tray of their finest tequila and drank a double shot with me. 
Then he asked if I wanted to do another with him.
"Ah, probably not. I don't want to end up dying over somebody's plate."
He laughed like hell at this. Again, a nice guy, nice waitresses, but something's just off here. And it was my second bad experience.Great place to sit outside and enjoy some tapas and vino!  
The marscapone stuffed dates wrapped in bacon are a must try!!!I called Salu on Saturday afternoon to make a reservation for 8:30 that night. When my party of 5 arrived at the restaurant that evening, the hostess had no record of our reservation so we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table. Aside from this, I only have words of praise to say about this restaurant!
We were all expecting iffy service after the initial hiccup, but we lucked out and ended up having the best service any of us had ever had in New Orleans. Three of the people in our group have different food allergies (one is gluten intolerant, one is both lactose and gluten intolerant, and one cannot eat anything acidic) and Brendan, our lovely waiter, was willing to run back and forth between our outside table and the kitchen about a zillion times to tell us the ingredients in various menu items. He said he was new to the staff, yet he was able to recommend small plates for each of us. He was also very funny and charming.
The food and wine arrived at our table in a steady stream and were superb. The portions were much bigger than we expected. We loved every single dish we ordered and left the restaurant SO full. My friends with food allergies were extremely satisfied and left feeling great. Here's what I tasted/loved:
- Cheese plate with Mozzarella, Manchego, and prosciutto (we all liked this selection so much we ordered a second plate)
- Caesar salad (perfect amount of dressing)
- Albondegas (meatballs in a flavorful tomato sauce)
- Patatas Bravas (potato wedges in a creamy, spicy, delicious sauce)
Other notes: It was a chilly night but the heat lamps outside warmed our whole table. Altogether our table ordered a ton of dishes, yet we were all pleased with the bill. Although we didn't sit inside, the ambiance seemed perfect for date-night, girls night out, or a big gathering. Apparently they do a great happy hour from 4-7 on weekdays. Very accommodating staff altogether, including the manager, who came outside to check on us.
I highly recommend Salu!Tapas. Who doesn't like them? Hungry people, that's who. I end up spending more than if I went to a traditional establishment. 
Oy.
Service is mixed: sometimes fab, sometimes slow. Pitchers of margaritas taste watered down. Regular drinks are fine because it's almost impossible to screw up vodka on the rocks. 
The food? The only standout are the lamb chops; everything else was so-so. I'm in no hurry to head back - there's lots of places along Magazine Street that do it better.This was so delicious! We tried several dishes with our waiters recommendations  and all were great!  You must  try the bread pudding. Our waiter, Edwin was excellent!Waited 30 minutes at the table to get our drinks. Finally got the vodka for the Bloody Mary bar and the bar had no vegetables at all. Horrible service. Won't be coming back. The food was good. But I've never had service this bad.Service was slow.. bacon wrapped Louisiana prawns were delicious but the crab and arugula flatbread was not very good.I highly recommend the happy hour. Shannon was our server and was super attentive. I find that sometimes the attitude of servers during happy hours can be a little off putting -but not here. She was great. Classic mussels were perfectly cooked and sangria was a great deal and tasty, Gregory was super friendly on the phone tooAte here yesterday for lunch with the boyf. We sat at the bar and ordered a bottle of wine, a small plate (skirt steak), and a flatbread (I think it was the wild mushroom?). Everything was awesome. The skirt steak was my favorite. Perfect for one or to share with two. The flatbread wasn't our first choice, but they were out of the duck confit flatbread. It was still yummy, just a little too much mascarpone on it for us. The bar tender was very friendly and never let my glass get empty. Over all a very good experience!My second visit was just as good as the first! I think this may be my favorite restaurant in the immediate area. 
Four of us hit up Salú after Morgan F's CMYE next door at the lovely Basin Seafood & Spirits (I would have eaten there, but, y'know, the whole not eating seafood thing gets in the way). I was absolutely fiending for small plates, my favorite thing in the world (next to a mushroom & olive pie from Grimaldi's, but that's another story), as I've said time and time again. We ordered our first round and some drinks and before the first round of plates even hit the table began ordering our second round (can you tell we were very hungry). I think this was my first time ever a waiter gave us a warning that we might be ordering too much. WHA?
And then the glorious parade of plate began arriving. Fried artichokes (had those last time and couldn't resist... They are that good), wild mushroom empanadas (SO flavorful and the texture of the crunchy shell and molten mushroomy inside is incredible) and the gals and boy shared some moules frites and giant prawn. The four of us are chatterboxes but our table fell silent as we gorged... And gorged on the second round. Baked Brie, oh my! Seriously mind-blowing. Wild mushroom flatbread with goat cheese. Perfection, especially if you like your flat bread pizza to be paper thin and crispy! It has just the right sprinkling of rich goat cheese and savory wild mushrooms.
Just a note that I definitely prefer coming here when it's less packed. The last time it took forever for our food to get to us, but this time, everything came out in a timely fashion.
After this feast, I felt like I could take on the world... Or at least some dessert. But on second thought, no. We decided against it and regrets... Well, I've had a few. Luckily I live just on the other side of town. I'll be back! Salud!MEH! Okay.....ordered pitcher of sangria, took 15 minutes to get it and the place wasn't that crowded for a Sunday night, overall service sucked, food meh!I'm spoiled.  I live within walking distance of a number of fantastic restaurants on Magazine street.  Salu is my favorite.
It doesn't have the best food in the area.  It isn't the best bar.  It isn't the best place to watch the game.  However, this place isn't trying to be any of those things.  It's simply the best place to chill out, have a leisurely drink and a bite to eat.  It's somewhere I can meet a friend for a drink, take a date or have dinner with my parents.  
The service there is amazing.  Greg, the manager, will bend over backwards to ensure you have a great time.  The bartenders & servers are attentive and friendly.  The atmosphere is always comfortable, yet lively.  Since the first time I wandered in, I've felt at home there.
The bar offers decent drinks, but the happy hour is the best in the city.  Half off the entire bar and it runs until 7, plus half off mussels & flatbreads.  You want a great place for an after-work drink and snack?  This is it.  
The food isn't going to blow your socks off, but it's very good.  It's inexpensive, too.  I love the tapas to share.  The lamp lollipops, stuffed chicken and steak are a few of my favorites.  The mussels are great with lots of bread to soak up the sauce.  The flatbreads are never a disappointment either.  The sunday funday special with bottomless mimosas/bloodys/pimms cups is a great deal also and the french toast sliders were delicious.
So if you want to enjoy a good meal, have a decent drink or two and not destroy your budget, go to Salu.  You won't be disappointed.Reasonably priced but the food is just not very good. We've only been 2x because it wasn't good either time and haven't been back despite being close to where we live. The problem we had with it is the flavors were weird and didn't go together. It seems like it might be ok if you are walking down magazine and want to grab a glass of Sangria and some flat bread for lunch or an early pre-dinner snack but I wouldn't recommend it if you are looking for something special.Love this place! Indoor or outdoor seating. Fun menu of small plates, so you can try a lot in one visit!!!!! Bacon wrapped dates---are you kidding me, amazing!!!!!
Also good for large groups of friends & fun place to drink!Great brunch restaurant! For brunch they have $15 bottomless mix and match drinks (screwdrivers, bloody marys, pimms cups, mimosas). The Bloody Mary bar is build your own, which is a lot of fun! The food is pretty good; I really liked my avocado and tomato eggs benedict but thought the huevos rancheros was fair. Go early for brunch if you want to take full advantage of the bottomless drinks, otherwise they get busier as the day goes on!
Food -- 3.5 stars
Bottomless drinks -- 5 stars
Price -- 4 stars
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 4 starsI had a terrible meal here recently and won't be back. The food was flavorless and expensive for what it was. I could never understand the point of any of it because you could t taste anything. Charbroiled oysters with cheese Nd butter should taste like something, but not here. I feel very lucky I didn't get ill. There is no reason to go here, and down let the outside seating tempt you. It's not worth it, and the bill was outrageous for the low quality of food they served. A waste of time and money.We visit New Orleans every year to take in the flavor of this city and with our second visit in two years, Salu has made our list of musts.  Part of any gastro-vacation to NOLA needs to include a stop at Salu.  Plates of mussels are flying out the kitchen for good reason; they are really good.  We also tried the bacon-wrapped prawns with its remarkable presentation and fantastic flavor.  Last out was the wild mushroom and goat cheese flatbread.  This flatbread is as good as it gets with its abundance of wild mushrooms, goat cheese, rosemary and caramelized onions.  We eye-balled a huge dish Paella at a nearby table and our table neighbors assured us that it was every bit of fantastic.  This time around, we dined during happy hour.  The vibe was energetic and the staff was incredibly friendly and accommodating.I recently visited while in town with family.  I was skeptical at first.  Our waiter knew the menu inside and out.  Gave suggestions.  The crab flatbread was great.  I dont drink wine, but someone with me ordered some and he knew the wine menu just as well.  After dinner we moved to the bar area and watched a Saints game.  Great service, good food, I'll be back on my next visit to town.We stopped her on a whim because the original restaurant we wanted to go to had a 45 minute wait. Boy were we impressed! Zero wait - walked right in and sat down. Great atmosphere and the friendliest waitress we had during our entire trip in NOLA. We split the Tuscan muscles a flatbread pizza and the tiramisu for dessert. All were delicious! We also had the mojitos which were the best I've ever tasted. The whole meal (with drinks) was only $45. We will definitely be back here on our next trip to NOLA and this will be our first choice versus our other usual 'hotspots'.My go to happy hour for great drinks and food on the cheap!!! Its open later then most and has a wide variety of options either mussels or flatbread. The appetizers are all great and not expensive. I live getting a picture of mojitos to share and they are half off during happy hour!Came here for drinks, had awesome drinks!  They also have this fruit infused shots.. awesomeness!  Bartenders are awesome and fun, SALU!I ate here earlier today and it was fantastic! This restaurant is small but gorgeous. The food was great and the drinks were awesome. The food was quick, although there weren't many people there. The menu was quite exotic, with many exclusive meals to choose from. The service was great! Our server was attentive, knowledgeable about the menu and very friendly and fun. I will be returning soonI see the reviews here are mixed and that most of the detractions have to do with service. I didn't experience slow service, so I'm sticking with 4 stars based on the food.
We arrived around 5pm on a rainy Sunday afternoon, so we basically had our choice of tables inside (although I would have loved to eat outside at one of the sidewalk tables). 
Our charcuterie platter was delivered quickly, as were the cocktails, and both were enjoyed.
For entrees, we ordered the Garlic Chicken, the Pork Shoulder and the Beef Tenderloin medallions. The pork shoulder was fork tender with a lovely sauce, but my dining companions felt that their dishes would have benefited from a dash of salt. Overall flavor was very good and the prices were well within the budget with the exception of the beef at $26 that seemed overpriced compared to the other dishes.
Too full for dessert, so I can't comment on that, but we will definitely eat here again - hopefully outside on a sunny day.Came in last night and had fig and brizzuto flatbread, pork belly, calamari, and bacon fries.
The first two were a homerun. The setback with the calamari and fries was that they weren't fresh out the frier. The calamari was luke warm which to ok. The bacon fries were a true disappointment; aside from being cold, they were stale. In addition, those fries had some sauce that completely killed the entire dish.(too salty and sogged the texture of the stale french fry). 
The service was friendly and the ambiance was ok. I came in around 8:45pm-9pm on a Saturday night, no background music only the sound of some game on TV. Once we sat down we noticed they turned up the nice background music. Almost walked out because of that but the thought of the pork belly lured me in. My guest was pleased but not impressed. I'll probably be back, overall I like the food there.I'm only giving 3 stars because of the mediocre service we received. The food was amazing, I just wish we had picked a better time to come. Came on a Friday night, it was super crowded and so noisy we had to yell across the table to have a conversation. Not to mention the horribly loud sorority girls sitting next to us that were so loud and obnoxious that it ruined most of the dining experience.  Our waiter was slow as molasses and spilled a glass worth of our pitcher of mojitos. It took 45 minutes to get our food, and 20 minutes to get our check after finishing dessert.First, the positive: wines by the bottle priced very reasonably.  The server seemed unaccustomed to wine service, his table-side uncorking was cumbersome, and he persisted in filling the wine glasses far too near the brim, but I don't hold that aspect against the restaurant itself. 
Now the negative: 
Empanadas 2 ways -- both ways were rather poor.
Patatas Bravas - Minor quibble: every tapas bar I have visited in Spain referred to this dish as "papas bravas" but that point is rather inconsequential in light of the over-salted fried potato wedges served with a side of separated/oily aioli.
Pulled pork on corn fritters -- this dish had potential, but was ruined by a tart, ill-seasoned barbecue sauce and the fact that the pork contained random bits of char.
Prosciutto Croquetas  -- First of all, why use prosciutto when the spaniards produce jamon iberico de bellotas, some of the finest cured pork in the world?  This dish was beyond bland, very disappointing. 
Perhaps my hopes for this restaurant were too high... I would have been very excited to have a quality tapas and wine bar in the neighborhood.I really enjoy this restaurant. The atmosphere is very nice. The inside is very clean and pretty. There is a large window that allows you to see the line as the chefs prepare your food. I've also eaten outside, which its on Magazine St so that's always enjoyable. I've tried the pork belly sharing plate which is my favorite thing there so far. The pork belly was cooked perfectly and the sauce it comes with is a perfect paring. Cocktails here are good as well. I've also had the duck lollipops, which were a little under cooked to my requested temp but still good none the less.Love, love, love Salu!!  Each time I come here the staff is warm and gracious.  I always have the creme brulee.  The flatbreads are amazing, try them all!