Had a business lunch with friends. Service was efficient and friendly. I ordered the pulled pork tamale and it was very good. Everything ordered at the table looked good as well. Good margaritas.LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place! The margaritas are consistently delicious and refreshing. The host, Eric, is amazing, friendly, and makes the trip worth it. The atmosphere is laid back and comfortable.  3 can share the nachos, which are delicious. The quesadillas are to-die-for. The brunch is delicious. The Sangria is awesome...can you tell I LOVE THIS PLACE!I'm not going to be returning to Santa Fe for a while. I just didn't like it, flat out. I've been before for chips and salsa and margaritas, and that was just ok, but I went recently for a full meal and I just cannot get past the fact that the tuna on my yellowtail tostada was cooked hopefully that morning or maybe even the day before, but it was not fresh. It had a congealed coat on the outside of it and it was cold, so I know it came from the fridge. The salad it sat on, iceberg, was so ordinary, it completely downgraded the dish. Haven't they discovered the beauty of baby mixed greens, they are pretty and make every salad seem a lot classier. The best part of the meal were the chips and salsa. Kind of sad really. In my opinion, fresh is always better and when it comes to fish, fresh should be the only option!!!My favorite hang out for food and ambiance, speak some French, outdoors. It does not get better than that!On a beautiful day it's nice to sit outside. The service was good. But the food is average and a bit over priced. Can't say I would recommend it, definitely wouldn't go out of my way for it, but it's good if you're close byThis was my first visit and I had dinner with A girlfriend. The food was SO good, amazing really! I would definitely return to explore the menu further.
BUT, the service was not so good. The server wouldn't write down our order (maybe they are required to memorize orders) and kept coming back to confirm/repeat the order. Obviously, not required to memorize orders unless Thursday was her last night of employment, but I doubt it.
If she checked on us, she failed to make it apparent. The bartender was worse. The top shelf margarita was so tart it was unbearable to drink. Making matters worse, he screwed up my vodka tonic. Two ingredients, people...I don't know how this was possible. We didn't receive any water and our server seemed to have more tables outside as she was never in sight. That's the only reason we drank as much as we did of those poorly made $10 drinks. Less than half was consumed and she never noticed.
Based on my visit, I recommend the nachos, roasted pork quesadilla and the crab cakes - which are humongous! Only order drinks from a bottle.My family and I eat here often and I have never been disappointed. The Salsa is so fresh and amazing. The Brunch is delicious and the Mimosas are only $1.  The last time I ate here I had the crab cake with creole tomato and crawfish sauce with an egg on top (don't recall the name of the item) it was SO AMAZING! My husband had the seared tuna fish salad and he said it was fresh and really tasty. Our son and nephew both had Quesadillas. My nephew told me they were the best he ever had, even better than Taco Bell (Hey he's 5). Great place for families and pets.Somewhat of a hidden jewel of a place that people like to keep to themselves, because it's definitely one of mine.
I had the Chicken Quesadilla & Sangria and both were great on all levels. The flavors, smell, presentation, and the polite service would definitely get me back here in a heartbeat. 
You might want to find some time in search of parking though.4 meals, 3 gluten free, could not have been better! $1 mimosas!!  Glad this jewel is my special brunch place with no line but boy are you missing out!  I had the tostada with seared tuna and it was incredible!  We each had a different dish and every one was fantastically executed with really fresh ingredients.  Kudos, Santa Fe!Frozen margarita was powerful, enchiladas were very flavorful and filling. Salsa was a bit strange (sweet, maybe?) - but I'm used to Atlanta salsa, whatever that is. Server was extremely friendly and helpful (recommended other restaurants in the area, since we're visiting).I have the first boy from China to be adopted in the state of Louisiana . After finishing our "over priced meal ( $58. I had salad w/ goat cheese. $11.; gazpacho ,$7,&$7 margarita. With husband's entree, $58.   Obviously, designed to be a casual outside dining spot. Inside, a bit " over done", using faux antique mirrors, combined with 21 year olds  blasting profanity. Obviously, acceptable, as no one attempted to subdue their foul mouths. So do not let decor fool you. "Elegant", they are not. One of my two best friends, growing up in Mobile, AL., birthday is today. I detest selfies of myself, as the Alabama sun has left a permanent impression on my smiling face. Asked bartender. So " bored", pic caught him staring towards our beloved Esplanade Ave. The manager humiliated in a way I'd never had done to me before. I'm not 21. Taught school 30.yrs. Only child about to leave for LSU. Husband is quiet. Still have that part of ALA that likes to chat with strangers. Remember young wife's aunt adopted in Russia. Young husband mentioned he knew some who adopted from Ghanghou. I said..( TOPS issues),& he said,"I've heard." I was voted "Most Gullible", Who's Who." MANAGER was STANDING behind me, making faces.!!!!!!!!!! This has never(!!!), happened to me in my life!!!! Do NOT dine if over 35, or accompanied by individuals 35 & under. Cannot believe humans behave in this manner. Such as that off a ten year old.Went here for a late dinner after a full day at Jazzfest. There was a wait time but luckily a live jazz band was playing outside the patio to keep us entertained as we waited in the grass on the the sidewalk. Cool.
We finally got a table outside in the patio. Our group of 7 shared chips and guac, quesadillas and fajitas to share. Food was good and satisfying. Also, got a couple liters margarita with ice (not blended). Recommended by some friends it was very refreshing and a little strong. Overall, a satisfying meal.
Service was friendly and attentive. I would go to this place again, if ever I'm in the area. 3.5 starsI have to say that I live in this neighborhood and I love that I can walk to the Santa Fe.  In fact, I walk by here often, so the sight of the place is just so familiar it has a very homey feeling to me.  The owners are a cute little couple that can often be seen sitting outside on off hours with their little dog.  They are friendly to all that pass.  If you like to take your dog to your meals with you, this would be a good spot.  
My favorite meal by far has been the brunch.  I absolutely love having the Sunday brunch here.  At this point I always order the huevos rancheros, yes it is expensive (over $10), but the platter is huge.  With two perfectly cooked eggs, plenty of black beans layered on a tostada it is beyond filling.  It also comes with a hearty portion of potatoes and peppers.  If you like to drink they have also been offering $1 mimosas.  
The lunch/dinner food has been satisfactory.  As a vegetarian option the grilled vegetable quesadilla is both flavorful and filling.   
This is a great place in the Bayou St John neighborhood to sit outside, have a nice meal and people watch.If you're a margarita drinker like me, then this is the spot for you! A little pricey, but totally worth it. I highly suggest brunch. Great seating, amazing menu, and a little live music outside to spice things up.This is just a place to drink as the food is completely overpriced for the boring and typical Tex-Mex crap wrapped in a tortilla of some type.  Tex-Mex isn't complicated and nothing in it is very expensive so there is no way the outrageous prices this place charges for their food can ever be justified other than  they must get a lot of tourists and locals who don't know better so they just rip those clueless folks off.  Why even bother with the overpriced mediocre food here anyway when you can just go eat awesome food right across the street at Lola's!  The owners are nice people but what they charge for a freaking taco is insulting.  Do yourself and your wallet a favor and just booze it up here but never eat.Nice, quaint ambiance. I think I'm pretty critical when it comes to my Mexican restaurant reviews.  
The food is just ok. I'm not usually a fan when the spot doesn't offer carne asada in place of ground beef. It's also a bit overpriced. I've had much better. 
They do however make up for stellar food with the laid back vibe of cuban infused jazz playing in the back ground, along with some hospitable waitresses/waiters...fits my personality perfectly.
Oh yeah, big kudos to the extra strong mango margarita here. That along with the lentil soup w/prime rib was much better than the beef nachos alone.
Ya know, I will probably come here again...for lentil soup and a margarita.Bennie (I think her name is Sarah) waited on us. WHAT A BALLER! she was so enthusiastic, she was attentive to every need we had and did so with a smile! Will definitely be back because of her! Five stars!Fun atmosphere, and food.  Sat outside on the patio, live jazz and margaritas.  Mixed menu with Latin flavor.  Had a really great steak, pulled pork tamale, fresh guacamole and chips...large portions.  Would definitely return!Went last night. Service was terrible. Our waiter was such a nice guy too. Idk what was going on but took forever to get drinks literally they even brought chips n salsa with no drinks not even water. Then we finally ordered entrees after waiter was MIA for awhile and the food took about an hour not kidding. Then they gave my brother in laws dinner to another patron bec of some reason idk what they said, so by the time he got his food we were almost finished. 
Food was just okay not worth the amount of money we spent for six people to dine there! Very disappointed .... been years since we went and won't be back for awhile.  I'm sorry to write this review but they need to step up their game if they read their reviews. Too many places in Nola to eat and enjoy meals for same price.Delicious and gourmet.  Seafood soup delicious yet too salty.  Fried green tomatoes with shrimp wonderful.  Dining outside a treat.  Friendly service.We've decided to end our long term relationship with Santa Fe. We use to love it when it was on Frenchmen St before the storm. When the current owners opened on Esplanade we were thrilled. While the margarita recipe is consistent, the food has never measured up to the original owners. In the last year, we resorted to ordering the brisket tacos because we felt there wasn't much that could be messed up with a taco. Well we were wrong. On our recent visit, there was so much grease in our plates, we were barely able to eat 1/3rd of our meal. The oil in the plate, smelled like cooking oil that had been added to the meat to moisten it.Still searching for good food from south of the border. This was not it. I don't know what was wrong with our waitress but she was out of it on the day we visited. She took forever to come to our table after we'd been seated, took forever to bring our drinks, to bring our chips and salsa, to bring our food, etc.
She rarely checked on us to see if we needed refills or more chips. We ordered queso and she brought it....but with no chips. 10-15 minutes later she brought the chips but by then our food had already arrived.
The food was mediocre. It sucks because I really liked the look of the place...maybe I'll give it another try because this was my first visit, but it was not a good experience.This is a very nice Latin American cafe. We were greeted immediately when we walked in and given our selection of sitting inside or out. We elected to sit outside for a more romantic and  quieter experience. Nice light jazz music playing in the background under twirling ceiling fans and surrounded by plants. Some of the chairs were upholstered upright chairs and very comfy. Little sparrows flitting around (obviously they know about the free chips and salsa) and a great place to people watch. Our server was punctual, pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu. He had the bartender make me a virgin lime margarita which was really good. My hubby selected the craft beer at only $5. We told our server in advance that we had a movie to catch in an hour and he was very accommodating without making us feel rushed. We both had the fajitas, gypsy (chicken and beef) and seafood. Large portion of very tender meat saute in peppers and onions, nice toppings on the side, and super fresh tortillas for wrapping. We didn't have time for appetizers or dessert but plan to go back.Santa Fe on Frenchmen has moved to Esplanade Ave. The cocktails were lovely as was the outdoor seating.  We only had appetizers but both were well plated an delicious.  
Plus we were serenaded my fellow diners who were inspired by the 80s soundtrack playing on the sound system.  I think they may have had one too many of the margaritas.My boyfriend and I have been going here for years! It is my favorite restaurant for a lunch date, best sangria I have ever had as well as a phenomenal food. My favorite memory is of sitting  outside when a rainstorm came out of nowhere and the waitstaff was so sweet relocating us but enjoying the fun with us as well. Don't miss this place :)Food was good and margaritas are strong and well mixed. Been here several times with friends and have tried different plates from their mussels, ceviche, seafood pasta to grilled salmon and all were good and the servers were friendly. They have a patio which is perfect for al fresco dining but the only thing is that they're overpriced. Pasta dish that's over 20 dollars?  I mean it ain't a Brennan restaurant and I've had better Mexican food elsewhere like in Metairie area that's more authentic and not too fancy snanzy expensive like Santa Fe. My friends like it tho because it's fancy and charming but I ain't paying almost 20 bucks for tacos. No ma'am!!!Santa Fe was a great Mexican place in NOLA. The fajitas were flavorful and the serving was a perfect size. My boyfriend had the Santa Fe burger which he loved and even wanted to go back to get again during our stay. Margaritas and Sangria are strong and flavorful. Definitely check this out if you're in mid city.The last time I went to Santa Fe, it was located in the Marigny and I woke up the next morning with a tattoo on my rear... that was about 6 years ago! 
First, I love the new location. Easy to get to and plenty of off street parking. The building is a bit larger than I remember from when it was Gabrielle. 
Chips - freshly cooked. 
Salsa - tasty. 
Appetizer - ceviche. Best I've had in New Orleans. Fresh, fresh, fresh. 
Entree - Ruedas de huevos. Very good. 
My husband and I split the above. It was plenty. We each had a margarita (gold) and a beer. 
The bill was right at $50 sans tip. 
Good people watching. Indoor and outdoor seating.Ok so I've been here twice and had mixed experiences. The first time was a good experience. I was on the first date with my current girlfriend we both had a great time and the food was pretty good it was not very busy that night.
My second experience was not so good. We were sat at a table kinda stuck away in the corner and after sitting for about 10-15 minutes with out anyone coming to check on us or take our drink order we decided to leave. 
I will go back but need to make sure to go on a less busy night so I can actual get some service.Please tell your patrons the details of your happy hour. "Margaritas are half off" is different than "Only House Margaritas are half off." 
Salsa was edible, not great, service was fine so it kills me to have to tip so $hittily, but you should explain your damn happy hour.  
Tab was twice what we were expecting and no effort to make it right means that you are getting two stars.My partner and I had one of our first dates at the original Santa Fe in the Marigny, so it has long held a special place in our hearts. We love sitting outside on the patio. However, after a series of lackluster visits, I think we're done here. Too many other good options in town. Tonight, our glasses ran and stayed dry, and I actually had to leave my table and head for the kitchen to try to find basic condiments for my now-cold dinner (even after asking a server). And the place wasn't that busy--the inside was almost deserted. I hated to cap off what otherwise was a really great day in New Orleans with this disappointing experience. It won't happen again.I really loved my house salad with chicken and the tastes that I had of my wife's fish. She on the other hand did not like her food, said it was bland. The place serves up Santa Fe style food in New Orleans, which is pretty cool. They often have a small jazz band playing something mellow. I think the manager or owner is French since she spoke to us with a French accent. When you absolutely don't feel like cooking, and want a place in the neighborhood, Santa Fe might hit the spot, if you don't mind dropping $50 for an average dinner and a nice place to sit outside. I guess it is a good place to get Margaritas, enjoy the music and enjoy your company and the fresh air.Anyone giving this place a good review is crazy.  I only gave them the extra star because, spoiler alert, the food is good.  Unfortunately it's not worth what they are charging.  I went here with my partner and we had the most sub par dining experience.  I know that New Orleans is not the place to get Mexican food, but this place is so sinful for the prices.  We were deciding between 1000 figs, Cafe Degas, and Santa Fe.  We got sold on Sante Fe, because their host was awesome and a pretty slick talker.  Good job host, you won us over.  Our waitress however, very unattentive.  I don't know how normal this is at Santa Fe, but we never got chip refills.  For the price of food here constant refills is a must, especially if you are charging that much for your food.  Seemed like a nice girl, but the service just wasn't worth $50,  don't worry we tipped $10 anyway and we recognized that it was very busy.  Even so,  this place sucks.  It's a place to rip off rich people with food that should cost have the price.  The decanter is sooooo small.  Should not be over $20.  The nachos were relatively normally priced.  The burrito was fucking good, but still should have been cheaper.  Wanted tacos, but you're gonna charge me $12 for tacos and not give me rice and beans?  Santa Fe,  get your act together!   If I ever want to go get somewhat mexican food for white people in this city ever again, I'm just going to go to Juan's Flying Burritos.  
Rich people reading this,  just goto Lola's across the street.  It's actually worth what you are paying and that whipped garlic and olive oil is fucking amazing and beats butter any day.  Just goto Guerrero for mexican food, people! Avoid this scam!  Just to reiterate, I am not hating on our unattentive waitress, but rather this institution as a whole.  Oh yeah,  NO WATER?  YOU KIDDING ME?  You are so lucky that you got 2 stars.I don't usually give 5 stars but this place deserves it. 
Service was great. Food was well seasoned and of course hot. The space had live music, outside patio, dog friendly, and just had a great atmosphere.
Just go here. You won't be disappointed.I really liked this place!  It's definitely a legitimate Mexican restaurant -- a rarity in New Orleans.  My office took our boss there for his birthday in May, and everyone had a great time!  We ordered two pitchers of watermelon margaritas for our table -- delicious!  I had crawfish enchiladas, which were quite tasty, and everyone else enjoyed their meals as well.  Our server was great -- really friendly and on top of things.
I'm confused by all the negative reviews this place has gotten on Yelp; perhaps the restaurant has ironed out the kinks that prompted past negative reviews?  In any case, will definitely come back to Santa Fe.Freshie Fresh salsa to begin. Strong, reliable margaritas . Great outdoor seating.  If your a fan of gazpacho they have one they serve with crab.  I believe this place is a locals long time establishment. It feels that way.  I can't give it 5 stars because I've been spoiled with a lot of amazing Mexican in Houston but it's damn good for New Orleans.  If you have not been just go.We love this place. For dining el fresco, It's the perfect pit  stop on a leisurely bike ride or to unwind on a nice evening. The food is always fresh some things to try are the tuna tartar and fish tacos. I love margaritas here, I have asked for recipe, but no luck. Most importantly the staff is very friendly and helpful. Nice spot to hang out.Since moving into the neighborhood three months ago, I've been here more times than I can count, either with my partner, with friends, and often alone lol. Orders have been memorized, hugs exchanged with staff, etc. It's love. 
The MUSTS:
-sit outside
-margaritas 
-tuna tartare
-crispy skin salmon 
-seafood combo
-flourless chocolate cake 
-pet the owners dog!We ordered a paella which took a while to get to us, but it's expected because of how paella is made. The sangrias were some of the better sangrias I've had, and the margaritas were so strong. Really enjoyed the the food and it was excellent and fairly priced, however there were added prices to our meal that we didn't really know about from stuff we didn't know we were paying for so just make sure you ask about it! Would really recommend this place!Food was okay- went here for the patio environment and the ladies next to us had a dog sitting ON their table, letting the dog drink out of their margarita. Yuck . I don't want to see that out at a semi nice restaurant.  It was also hard to hear the server due to the owner's dog barking non stop the whole meal. I like animals but this place was like eating at a kennel. No thanks.My wife and I stopped in for lunch before a day at the Fairgrounds Racetrack since it was close by and we had some time to kill.  We sat in the "bubble" on the outside patio.  
The chips and salsa they give you to start are pretty good.  The gazpacho was excellent--very fresh and tasty.  I had a pork quesadilla and my wife had sauteed shrimp tacos.  We both enjoyed them.
On the downside, the service was pretty bad.  What should have been a 45 minute in and out ended up lasting well over an hour.  Our server had no charisma and was (barely) going through the motions.
We won't be back next time we're in town.  There's too many places in NOLA that get everything right.I've always thought this restaurant to be adorable every time I've passed it, and one day finally made a date to sit down and enjoy myself at the establishment. The decorum is very bland and the atmosphere is nearly nonexistant; in a word I'd sum it up as 'quaint' but no more, no less. 
I asked the waiter for his recommendation as to what he thought best on the menu. He pointed out to me their restaurant's special omelet (unfortunately I forget the specific name of it but if you go there now I'm sure you can spot it on the menu no problem,) and I went with it. After my order the waiter was quick to tell me that the kitchen didn't like to make it--a major red flag. Why would any waiter say that to a guest? My companion and I had green tea as our beverage and upon having it replaced, the teabag itself wasn't, making for a bit of an amateur mistake. 
The complimentary chips and salsa were good, albeit being just 'good' and not great. We sat outside at first since we thought it was a nice day, and were greeted by several adorable chikadee's looking for some crumbs. If anything, that would definetly be the best part of the experience. Unfortunately, its not as though the restaurant came equipped with them. We headed inside after finding it too chilly; our table was twice as rickety and unstable as our chairs.
The most important aspect; the food itself, was very bland on my end. The omelet was under seasoned and even though the menu proclaimed a myriad of stuffings it was like eating a thick egg white omelet with a distinct lack of cheese or lack of filling for that matter. The sweet potato puree that came with it was the equivalent of trying to eat baby food and for the sake of the texture I couldn't stomach it. 
My companion however had a burger, and he appeared to enjoy it. Should you find yourself at this restaurant, I recommend skipping over anything you see labeled 'puree,' sit outside, and proceed with caution when the waiter tells you the kitchen doesn't like making something the restaurant is meant to serve.We ate a bunch of items at the menu and they were all pretty tasty. The quinoa salad was kind of bland though.. The tuna tartar and the Santa Fe burger were my favs.. That was one juicy burger! A downer was that the air conditioner wasn't working or maybe they don't have one? There were fans in around inside and we were in the back so the fans were not aimed at us... That was kind of a downer ...service was okI might have gone for 3 stars, but this place is directly across the street from Lola's, which has a similar price point and MUCH better and more inspired food. Save yourself some heartache and go there.
This food is mediocre to bad. Too much salt on everything (except the tortilla chips, which were strangely unsalted), and otherwise bland and lacking in spice. Nothing tasted fresh, except for my salmon, which was way too fresh (translucent in the center and cool to the touch - either undercooked, or had been left sitting for long enough to cool).
I sent the salmon back, and two waiters in a row said the words "I guess it was more medium rare, then?" when I told them that the center was raw. The answer to that, of course, is no: raw means not cooked. Not cooked to any temperature. 
No surprise, when they sent a new piece of fish, it was burnt to a crisp on the outside (but still (miraculously) underdone in the center). They were kind enough to remove the charge for the fish, but I still have to conclude that the kitchen is either inattentive to detail, or asleep. The waitstaff also seem to be drifting in a sort of dream state - I'd say the whole place needs a little verve. 
The empanadas were OK, but dry, and sitting on a bed of undressed underripe tomatoes, shredded lettuce and raw onion. An attempt at pico de gallo maybe? The seafood enchiladas were too salty and drowning in chewy, flavorless cheese. 
The saving grace of this place is the atmosphere - it's in a lovely neighborhood and has a great outdoor seating area. If only they served better food!Third time that I have been to the location on Esplanade (the location in the quarter used to be great). We went on a Sunday, early evening. I am more disappointed each time I go.  It is lovely to sit on the outdoor patio and the service was good (at our table) but the food is meh.  The table next to us was told that the kitchen had lost their ticket so their entrees would be a while.  The salsa was some kind of sweet, thin sauce, similar to a marinara.  I could not taste cilantro or garlic or any of the traditional flavors you expect in a salsa.  The gazpacho was even more disappointing.  Chopped vegetables sitting in a thin tomato sauce, but virtually no olive oil or cilantro or anything to give the soup the body and texture one expects from gazpacho (made even more disappointing because Lola's across the street serves one of the best gazpachos in the city).  The chile relleno was cooked properly and contained enough meat, but had no sauce, cheese or flavoring of any kind, so very dry and flavorless (and ala carte at $12.00).  I asked for some kind of sauce and the waiter brought me a bottle of Crystal and told me he thought it "still had a couple of drops in it." The Sangria was so-so, but again, not what you expect from real Sangria.  I doubt that I will be back.The food was good but the service was really bad. Our waitress was flat out rude. We were a party of 3 sitting outside... it took her about 15 minutes to come greet us. And she actually took the orders or a larger party that was sitting near us. Maybe there was something about us 3 women that she didn't particularly like. This is so unfortunate bc the food was actually good!They had really good appetizers and beer. Great service, super nice person serving us. We want to come back and try a full meal.I have visited Santa Fe twice in the past two weeks and both visits were absolutely awful.  This place is pure garbage.  The atmosphere is nice.  The servers are friendly, but they don't have it together.  The first day we went, we were seated, even though that they had actually closed and sent the chef home for the day.  We were so grateful that they even seated us, that even though the meal was poor, the service was very good and I figured I would give it another chance.
I never got to experience the original Santa Fe on Frenchman St but everyone I ever talk to about it has fond memories of it.  I went back this past Saturday and ordered the Seafood combination.  Santa Fe charges high end prices for low end food.  I don't mind paying top dollar for Mexican food as long as it's good, and this food is overpriced and disgusting.  The Seafood combination which claimed to have shrimp and crawfish and exactly ONE crawfish tail in the entire entree, that was COVERED in cheddar cheese, surely to hide the garbage that laid underneath it.  
The service was ok.  The waitress was sweet, but left lots to be desired as far as steps of service were concerned.  I also find it interesting that the manager didn't visit with our table to check up on us on either one of my visits there.  He did visit the table next to us where a gentleman claimed to have had the "Worst dining experience of his life".  This dude went on and on about how bad the meal was, and this was before we got ours.  We just figured he was a jerk.  Nope.  That food sucked.
Santa Fe is overpriced.  Pure garbage.  Avoid it at all costs.
Salsa is awesome.  But that is it.  Honest to God.  Cold food also.Santa Fe is fabulous, and I rarely use the word "fabulous". The atmosphere is beautiful with gorgeous plentiful outside seating and the food is fantastic. The queso dip is among my favorite that I've ever had, and I'm a queso connoisseur! I loved the Jumbo Lump Crab Salad & my husband also at passed out from the Chicken Maximillian (in a good way!) They are also pet friendly which makes everything better!Umm My experience wasn't so great here.  I remember Santa Fe being awesome when it was in the Marigny so I went here with those same expectation.  Not only were we sat outside at a table that was down wind of the dumpster (there were others open) and yucky water just inches from our feet, we got dive bombed constantly by flies.  
Ok so you may say you risk the fly thing by being outside right?  Well it all could've been resolved by allowing us to move to a different table, that didn't happen.  What was more upsetting is I had my child with me and I feel like that is the reason we were put far away on the corner which is upsetting
The service was not good the entire time.  We constantly had to ask for drink and chips/salsa refills.  I really didn't mind the lack of salsa refills because they have ketchupy salsa and if you have read my reviews, you know I don't care for ketchupy salsa.  I remember the old Santa Fe being much more attentive.  Maybe this has to do with the larger space?!? The margaritas were food, the food took a very long time to arrive and when it did, it under whelmed. I had the pork quesadilla this time and it was cold which boggled my mind after the long wait.  My friend got the ceviche and the shrimp salad, the ceviche was good, not great and the shrimp salad only came with 3 shrimp.
The whole experience was a bit disappointing and at those prices, It is doubtful I will try it again.Very underwhelmed by this restaurant. Thought it would be a hit given the number of people waiting and the length of wait, but the food was very generic, the portion size small, the prices expensive, and the service poor. Would never go back nor recommend.Cute location, food is delicious, albeit on the pricey side, it is still a great place for a cute date night. 
Go see Eric. He's the BEST! Guaranteed to put a smile on your face :)Just put it lke this... The servers put chips and salsa down on the table for eight of us outside and take our order and tell us they will serve us. Then they decide they can't because Jazz Fest is letting out and they proceed to take the chips and salsa back off the table and tell us that we have to close out our tab of drinks and we cannot get our food. Most hilarious and unprofessional thing I have ever experienced.Food was terrific and the waitress was friendly.  My only hang up like my last visit was beverage cost.  2 dollars for a can of coke is excessive even at the airport.I was at Santa Fe tonight with my wife,and she was craving for fish, but I realized that the waitress Shelly was to annoyed to tell us the specials !!!!!!!!  The waitress who was taking care of the table next to us was doing her job professionally telling them the SPECIALS!!!!!!! When the fried fish came out to their table ,we asked what it was and she just said fried fish and walked away !!!!! She should change job and work in a factory where you don't have to talk and smile !!!!!! Thanks God, the food is always delicious !!!Been awhile since we did brunch here. Lots of new items. Perfect weather to sit outside, have a fresh salad w tuna and of course a few mimosas!Came here from California to visit. Last night in town, me and my girlfriend came here for our last dinner. We weren't crazy hungry, so I got their tacos! Super bomb! Eric, our Server recommended medium rare on the tacos, just the way I like them and they were amazing! He made the whole experience great. Good service is super hard to come by nowadays, and he was so fun, so energetic and just amazing all around. As we walked out I let the manager, owner know exactly why we enjoyed our stay and visit and it was all thanks to Eric! I look forward to seeing him and coming back here the next time I visit.  Thanks for such an amazing time!!![Preface] 
Anyone who has been watching the whole Yelp photos conversation will appreciate the fact that I made the decision to go to Santa Fe this evening because it was the first business I found in the mobile app that didn't have a photo uploaded. John L will appreciate the fact that I uploaded two dark, blurry, almost useless photos. 
[Background]
Over the course of the last several years, the building that now exists as Santa Fe was a succession of different restaurants -- it was [insert name I'm forgetting], then Nonna Mia's (I think), then Santa Fe. My memory fails me with regard to the details (clearly), but the point is there were a bunch of different businesses in this location, and Santa Fe was the only one that stuck since I've been paying attention. 
[Rumors/Hearsay]
In any event, the first feedback I heard from other people who'd been to Santa Fe was entirely negative. (I won't repeat some of the more colorful statements, entertaining as they may have been; suffice it to say that the food was allegedly not good.) Therefore, I fully expected to see another restaurant take its place rather quickly, and was puzzled when this did not happen. Eventually, I came up with the theory that they *must* have kickass margaritas, because if the food is as bad as I'd heard it was, then people keep going back because they have an awesome time, love the margaritas, and drink so many they either don't care or can't remember whether or not the food was any good. 
[Personal Experience]
Well, I finally had a chance to experience Santa Fe firsthand, and here is what I have to report: 
-It's a bustling place, and can get kind of loud if you sit inside, because people clearly come here and have fun (again, I suspect it's the margaritas). 
-In all the times I've been to this building in its various incarnations, I've never seen it so crowded and noisy (in a good way). 
-There's an amazing, huge, gorgeous outdoor seating area with ceiling fans, tiki torches and (tonight, at least) live music. There was a wait to get a table outside. 
-The food is pretty standard Mexican fare. I had nachos, which were pretty much indistinguishable from nachos I've had elsewhere. Everyone I was with enjoyed their food, so whatever people were complaining about years ago is no longer valid (if, of course, it ever was).
-The service was very friendly and helpful, but a tad slow. (They were busy, though, and everybody was running around doing stuff. It's understandable.)
-We were greeted by a woman who, I suspect, is one of the owners. When we left, the man who I assume is her husband bid us farewell with a sincere thank you and enthusiastic handshake. It's a nice touch.
-They probably have excellent margaritas, but I can't say for sure because I (unfortunately) didn't have one. 
[Conclusion]
Overall, it's a great place, and the only reason I'm giving three stars instead of four is because I need to go back and confirm they do indeed have incredible margaritas, at which point I'll update my review accordingly. 
[Next Steps]
I'm going back soon for a pitcher (or two) of Margaritas.
[Recommendation]
My advice: Go. Soon. Before it gets too cold to enjoy eating and drinking outside. 
[Post-Script]
This place totally should've been included in the "Yelping Alfresco" edition of the New Orleans Weekly Yelp. It shall appear in round two, should there ever be a round two.Great environment, we sat outside next to the fountain and enjoyed brunch and mimosas. I ordered the breakfast burrito, would highly recommend. Staff was accommodating for our large group and very professional.BLUF:  Meh
There were tables outside but it was a little too cold for us.  We sat at the bar so we wouldnt have to wait for a table.  Bartender was slammed so it wasnt fast but he had a legit excuse.  
I got the chicken burrito.  It was fine but not exciting.  My date got the chicken/mushroom quessadilla.  Same.  Not exciting.  
Over priced in regards to taste but you are paying for a relatively nice atmosphere i.e. higher than necessary overhead.Nice outdoor seating
Great salsa, the perfect blend of seasoning and spice
Excellent ceviche
Awesome margaritas
And great tuna tostada saladTook a walk down to Santa Fe after a Saints victory for an early Sunday dinner. This neighborhood restaurant could be a little gem, but sadly, it has real issues. 
We were greeted warmly by the nice young lady who waited on us. We chose to sit outside as the indoor area is depressing to say the least. Now, its around four pm, do you think we could get a cloth napkin? No, paper will have to do. Of course, margaritas are on the agenda...22.00 for half a liter of gold (24.00 if you want cointreau). They were tasty. And you get a gratis basket of chips and salsa...OK.
My husband and I chose the gipsy fajitas. Ew...the garnish plate consisted of 3 flour tortillas, a tablespoon of guacamole, jarred jalepeno rings, bagged Borden Mexican shredded cheese, and shredded iceburg/chopped tomato. I asked the waitress for a Mexican hot sauce and she informed me they only had Crystal and Tabasco. What?!?
Okay, just give me some more salsa and two Tecates please. My husband thought his food tasted like soap mine tasted like nothing. My God, if you served that slop in Santa Fe, New Mexico, they would run you out of town with a 45 caliper!
The owner likes to roam around and check up on folks. Admirable, until you, the CUSTOMER, has to initiate a hello.
Check, please! 72.00 dollars out of my debit card for nothing. Adios, Santa Fe!Our first low review....We walked right up at 5:30, with no wait and were seated promptly outside as requested. Our waitress arrived quickly with chips n dip. We ordered two glasses of merlot.......20 minutes later no wine, and no complimentary water. We then stood up and left. The place was not really busy, if it was that busy its only two glasses of wine.Brunch at Santa Fe was delightful.  It was my first time there and I had the fish of the day, grilled with grilled veggies.  My delightful dining companion had the shrimp and grits.  We both had the $1 mimosas.  I'm gluten free due to a wheat allergy and they accommodated me with no problems.  My dish would have been perfect had the fish not been overcooked.  That being said, it was still delish and the grilled veggies, which normally turn out to be a limp, taste free plate garnish at other restaurants, was very tasty.   My companion's shrimp and grits (con chorizo!!) was amazing, if a tad too salty.  We shared and scarfed.  I haven't had shrimp and grits that good anywhere.  I was hoping my over done fish was an anomaly but I had another delicious meal there soon after and it wasn't.  Next time I will be sure to specify how i want my fish done.  Not a problem.  Really great staff and nice atmosphere.One of my favorite places I ate at while I was in NOLA.
Our uber driver recommended to come here after visiting the museum and I'm glad he did. :)
We ordered sangriaaaa, the garlic shrimp, calamari tacos, soft shell crab tacos, and empanadas!!  Everything was amazing but I especially liked the garlic shrimp and the soft shell crab tacos.  So GOOD!!  
Our bar tender/server was awesome!! He was very friendly and made us feel at home.  We definitely had a great time here and I highly recommend this place.  You won't regret it!!I tried this place a year ago and thought, wow these $15 fish tacos are pretty terrible.  So I stayed away.  Then yesterday my girlfriend and I were desperate for lunch are rolled the dice.  And it was a similarly disappointing experience.  The waiter told me the daily fish was delivered fresh every day.  No chance in hell.  He should have just told me it was frozen and I would have ordered something else.  Just poor food at stupid prices.After a jaunt to NOMA on a Friday night, we decided to get a late dinner at Santa Fe. Long timers here might remember the original location of Santa Fe on Frenchmen St. That restaurant opened in the 80's (I think) and was at the forefront of the Marigny revival. The menu was Mexican inspired, very creative, and well loved by food aficionados such as myself. The space too was beautiful and charming. In fact it was here that I was introduced to the straight up martini, much to my delight and ultimate chagrin. I always loved my evenings here. So it was with much sadness that the place did not re-open after the Storm.  The restaurant was sold and re-opened on Esplanade in the space previously occupied by Greg Sonnier's  Gabrielle, another favorite also shuttered by the Storm. 
I had been to the new Santa Fe only once and, for some reason, thought it to be simply a Tex Mex kind of place. I was totally wrong as I found out during my recent visit. Although the menu does contain Tex Mex staples such as nachos and quesadillas, the menu is well conceived and does homage to the original concept.
We started off by splitting (thankfully because  it was a huge portion) a special appetizer which was a salmon roulade. As I could tell,  salmon was spread with goat cheese, seasoned , rolled, then battered and fried. It was served atop a curry/mustard cream sauce. It was outstanding in every way.  My lovely dining companion ordered a chicken and portobello quesadilla, and I ordered seafood (shrimp and oyster) roll your own tacos served with guacamole, sour cream, lettuce tomato, and remoulade on the side. Both were very good choices. 
The space is nice too, very warm and inviting, lively without being out of control. The service was excellent and the prices were reasonable. Can't wait to go back.I am happy to say, I gave this place another chance because friends planned the outing, and I had a really good experience this time. Maybe ordering from the brunch menu instead of the lunch menu made a difference. I had the Southwestern biscuit with pulled pork and sunny side up eggs. It came with guacamole (real chunks of avocado in it, not the "dip" like I was served on my previous visit), sour cream, pico de gallo, and a generous sprinkling of cilantro on top. Very delicious, flavorful and filling! The $1 mimosas were good but I was not offered a refill. Looking forward to going back for brunch and getting the Southwestern biscuit again.I can see why this place only has 3 stars. It's just meh in my mind. There is appeal with the charming outdoor seating and swanky inside, but I couldn't concentrate with two different radios playing and the loud bartender. The host was not very friendly and the waitress did the bare minimum for a slow Tuesday night.
I was also distracted by the salsa refill costing $2.
I ordered the tacos ( chicken and pork) and the pork was way way better then the chicken. I did appreciate the extra cheese, jalapeños, guacamole, sour cream and lettuce and that came with it. To be honest I'll stick to my favorite $2 taco place.Went to lunch with a few ladies from work
 I had beem here once before several years ago. I had the chile relleno woth chicken. It was pretty good. Just the right amount for lumch. Complimentary chips amd salsa were good also.  I will be back.I could give it another star if they renamed the restaurant, but I came in there, salivating at the thought of New Mexico style cooking.  Not to be found!  It was September and there should  have been a green chile festival going on, but there was no mention of them anywhere.  So, I ordered a tamale that came with "poblano sauce".  Boring.  Ahhhh, where are the Hatch chiles?  Where???????
And service was pretty slow considering it wasn't very crowded.SANTE FE is the best. The cocktails are amazing! The sangria will have you smiling after one and the margaritas are delicious too. Best happy hour in the city.  Eric at the bar will keep you coming back for more. The owners and the whole staff are great. 
The food... get anything it's all good. Especially the chicken max, tuna tar tar, lump crab salad. They have great daily specials as well. Oh did I mention you can sit outside and eat right on beautiful Esplanade. It can't be beat, it won't be beat. Taylor=paper champion.TERRIBLE SERVICE!!! Let me reiterate...TERRIBLE SERVICE! Food was delicious... but our waiter ruined our experience. Now, to be fair, it was a busy night but we watched everyone else around us be serviced while we continued to wait. Upon being seated we asked for water, ordered our food. Food came out, there were no utensils and no water. Asked again for both. Utensils came but still no water. We were seated with no utensils, asked SEVERAL times for water...never received it. We may have seen our waiter twice during our time in the restaurant. We had appetizers and entrees with nothing to wash them down with. At the end of this pretty bad experience, we had to go to him to get the check when we were ready to leave. I probably wouldn't recommend this place to any of my friends. Thank you (not really) server 46.Came for brunch, $1 mamosas.  We had shrimp grits, muy excellente!  pulled pork burrito which was ok. And the seafood salad so yummyStarted out with the house salsa and chips. Could have eaten my fill.  The salsa was some of the best I've had at any Mexican joint in the city.  For the entrees, we ordered the grilled fish (drum) tacos and the seafood combo platter.  Both were super tasty as is, but the provided side garnishes provided for that over the top "wow" factor.  Arnold said it best, "I'll be back". Kudos Santa Fe.Stopped by here for happy hour!!  4-6pm. WARNING!!! The margaritas and sangrias are STRONG!!! After only two drinks, I was tipsy! We ordered fried green tomatoes ($15), it came on too of mixed greens with three huge toms, 4 shrimp peeled with heads on and ramoulade! We also got the deluxe nachos ($9) that came with gauc, sour cream, tomatoes, and jalapeño on a separate plate. It was good, but not amazing. I still enjoyed it! By the end of our meal we were full, tipsy, and happy!! Our bill was very reasonable for the food and drinks! I think the drinks were $3 each!  
Our server was also very friendly! When he spoke to us, I already knew he was friendly. He just gave us that friendly vibe.  I'll be back!Best ambience for anytime of the day, great food, well priced, margaritas are the best! And the staff is awesome, especially Eric! Best waiter...ask for GregWe ate here on Thursday July 17, 2015. The food as hot, tasted great. The margaritas are awesome.Had dinner here for the first time a couple of weeks back.  This is a favorite weekly haunt for a friend, so 10 of us made reservations for dinner on his birthday.  
It was a very weird experience.
We were all seated at 6:30, which was when our reservation was for.  Chips and salsa took nearly half an hour to arrive, which was unfortunately quicker than our initial drink order, which took well more than half an hour.
This process kept repeating itself, right down to the very slow arrival of our entrees - some two hours after we were seated.  They must have been ready some time earlier, however, because they didn't just arrive late - they also arrived cold.  I think that my octopus special might have been really delicious when it came off the stove, but it certainly didn't cool well.
The restaurant is reasonably pleasant, if a bit loud, on the interior.  The outdoor seating is lovely.
For a restaurant that charges the price that Santa Fe does (figure 10-15% premium on comparable places such as Superior Grill), and carries the reputation that it does, the service absolutely has to be better. 
A final note - parking is tough to find in this neighborhood at dinner time.
I'm sure we'll be back eventually to give it another chance, but this was a major disappointment.  For perspective, I think this may be my first two-star review - I'm usually a fairly easy grader.Good restaurant overall but I ordered a steak cooked medium and I ended up getting a rubbery rib eye that was barely cooked at all. I handed it back to them and I ended up getting the Sante Fe pasta with a house salad and that ended up tasting pretty good. Other than the disappointment with my steak in which I was craving, everything else was pretty good. The service was pretty good alsoThe BEST Margaritas in town!!! Eric the bartender and master of the house is fabulous! 
Incredible owners that are always present and making sure everything is superior!Carlos, owner, is a good guy. This place has a bunch of history in NOLA. The current iteration is just fine. Nothing earth shattering but it does have a nice ambiance and good drinks.  I like taking in a spring afternoon (Jazz Fest was fun) on their outside patio area with Guac, Chips and a Sangria/Margarita!Just left Santa Fe....great food and service.  Greg was fantastic.  Sat quickly and was very friendly.  Margaritas were delicious as were the beef empanadas and chicken Maximilian.  It was a little chilly out and the hostess, passed out blankets in case we were cold, and then since it was raining and some didn't have umbrellas, she would use her umbrella to escort them to their car.   Amazing.  Definitely will return.Poor Santa Fe...It had a little bit of a following when it was off Frenchmen. I guess because back then they actually tried. Or it was because of the bar crowd *shrug*.
After going for an extended walk one afternoon, I brought my girl to the new Santa Fe location. We'd built up an appetite and needed some food.
 I told her a bit about how it was long ago and had hopes that it would still be similar. After all, it's just a different building, right?
Right?
We stop in and it's empty. I mean totally empty.
I walk in for a bit and finally, someone steps out from the back, looks surprised to see us and quickly gets us some menus. That was the only quick response the entire meal.
I noted that the prices went up. Ok...I can get that. Though some of it looked a bit too high for what it was, but again, we were hungry.
We ordered two beers and some water. Maybe 10 minutes went by before the beer arrived...no water.
Another 10 minutes go by (What? is there an inviso-crowd here that's keeping them occupied?) and she comes back to ask what we anted to order.
My girl ordered the Ensalada de pollo and I ordered the burrito. I asked for it extra spicy. She verified that and left.
While waiting for the food to come, a blond woman and what I was told was the owner came in. She was carrying a dog. Ok. I've seen a few bars that allow dogs so that didn't worry me too much. Like most fluffy dogs, it was shedding like a fiend but hey...as long as it didn't go into the kitchen, it's cool.
Of course, then she took it into the kitchen...where it remained for most of the time we were there!
If only there had been a health inspector in the restaurant...but half an hour into this mess, still no other customers. 
After about a 15 minute wait, our food was delivered.
I will admit that the girl's salad was pretty. Lots of fruit and such on it.
But the chicken was boiled in what seems to be plain water and had no taste at all. Nothing...nada...It was ex-chicken.
My burrito filling must have been mixed and cooked days or weeks before because I could not identify what meat it was. All I could taste was oil. The sauce on the plate was hardened around the edges, obviously microwaved to death. I don't think they did anything to my food but put it pre-made onto my plate and nuke it. Seriously bad and not spicy (Unless oil is the new chili powder...I admit to a certain heart-burn after the meal).
It was a horrible meal and a I would never send anyone there who I liked...or even disliked a bit.
Maybe a lawyer or politician or something. No actual feeling humans though.
And I'm guessing the dog liked it in the kitchen.My favorite place to eat. I've never had a single thing I didn't like here. My favorite go to here is the tuna tostado appetizer or any of their daily specials. I've gotten many great recommendations from their servers. So when in doubt, ask your server!First time at this restaurant. I've been to a lot of the restaurants in this section of Esplanade and I wanted to try something new. Looking at the menu I was trying to figure out if there were vegan options or, vegetarian options that I could make vegan. I decided to try the veggie burrito and just exclude the cheese. That was a great choice! The burrito was filled with deliciously grilled veggies of all sorts. I enjoyed it along with their house made salsa and chips. 
We sat outside, which by the way, was also another great choice because despite the 40 something degree weather they made sure we kept warm. They setup partitions to keep the cold air out and provided heaters along with very warm blankets to wrap ourselves in. The owner kept coming by our table to check on us and ask if we were warm enough or if there was anything he could do to adjust the temperature. I really enjoyed my first experience at this establishment and I will be returning very soon.The very worst meal I've had in New Orleans--by far (including the time, out of sheer desperation, I went to the McDonalds on St. Charles where my filet-o-fish came with a ketchup thumbprint and the fries were limp). My food was mostly cold with some hot spots (microwave). My entire plate looked and tasted as if it had been sitting in the refrigerator, uncovered, for days (weeks) and then nuked to order. Service was nearly non-existant (though there was more than one server on the floor and  we were only one of two tables). Aside from the edible chips and salsa, it was an absolutely awful experience.Beautiful view with nice outdoor seating along Esplanade. Margaritas are outstanding and we really enjoyed the ceviche app. Tacos were meh, overpriced for the quality, but I'll definitely be returning and trying the fish which I've heard good things about. Service was great.We went for a friend's birthday dinner. Service was super slow. Took the waiter 15 min before even coming to greet our table and then he ended up bringing us the wrong cocktails.  The food was delicious. Prices are good. Everyone seemed to clean their plate. The birthday girl even got a free dessert.Not a fan of the Food or the Flies,  that were flying around my food.  
Again, to me, this is just another New Orleans restaurant trying to pass itself off for something its not.  I wish there would for once be some authenticity in its cuisine, like the people across the Street.  And I will leave it at that.We went on a quiet Tuesday night. Food was good. Our server Luke was very attentive and patient with us taking our time and having a casual dinner. We got the queso, ok. Salsa is really good! We split the chicken enchiladas and they were pretty delish. The Santa Fe coffee with kalhua, brandy and whipped cream and Flourless Chocolate cake was our favorite.  Great way to wrap up our dinner. We shared everything and it was perfect portions as we left not feeling too full. We will go back on a regular basis as we live in the neighborhood approx 3 blocks away.Fried green tomato and shrimp.
It was a deliscious dish to say the least. The service was quite nice and prompt. I came here with my neighbor and we sat at the bar. The experience was nothing special, but that should take nothing away from your decision on stopping on in for a meal.
The ambiance is very chill, fitting for its location just off of City Park's entrance. There's outdoor seating for nicer days, i believe there are heaters as well. The place was bubbling with business the entire time and rightfully so, everything I saw coming out of the kitchen looked like something to mark down to try later.
This little section of Esplanade is one that I don't frequent, but i need to change that. There are too many places to grub around here, plus I dig the vibe of the area.We had a fantastic time with our dog on their huge patio. Live band. Great service. Yummy margaritas. 
I had the seafood (crab, shrimp, and crawfish) enchilada, and my boyfriend had the pulled pork tamale. Delicious! 
Also recommended: fried green tomatoes. They are smothered in a rich remoulade and topped with blackened gulf shrimp & beaucoup capers. Yum.I'm sorry, but this place is awful.  The first time I ate here, the food was dry and untasty.  The rice tasted EXACTLY like the flavored boxed rice you buy at the grocery store.  
The second time was no better.  When the appetizer of shrimp and fried eggplant came, the shrimp stunk so bad, I could smell it before it reached the table.  I remember saying a little prayer that it was going somewhere else, possibly out the window--anywhere but our table--but alas, it did arrive at our table.  Anyone could see that the shrimp was old--very old--and had been microwaved.  No one ate it, and it stunk up the whole table for the rest of the meal.
Having a feeling that something like the above would happen, I ordered vegetarian quesadillas because I was afraid to order meat.  Come on, Santa Fe! Did you just give up trying?! There were a couple of pieces of old zucchini and a couple of pieces of broccoli; the rest was onions, onions, onions.  And here's the real kicker: none of it was grilled!  They were simply mixed into the cheese in a raw state. Pretty insulting, really. 
The waitress was very nice.  But she was also very slow and possibly in need of a good hair washing.  
To be fair, my girlfriend had the chicken and Portobello quesadilla, and she said it was very good.  She said the chicken was delicious and nicely cooked; this is why I'm giving Santa Fe two stars instead of one.
Oh, and also, the price was pretty ridiculous for such lackluster food. Youch!The margaritas are great!! The Chicken Maximilian is my favorite dish. The owners and staff are so friendly. We love eating outside and our dogs love it too!!!I guess this is where the nouveau riche Metairie, Kenner, Lake Vista crowd "ventures" into Orleans parish for ethnic food. In this case ethnic (or south west) is a variety of goods bought at Rouses, rearranged to look unique and sold for 5 times what it should cost. The food was bland and considering the portion sizes and prices, I would never return. One of those places that I looked over the menu in suspicion and as soon as the food was put in front of me, all bad premonitions confirmed. Server was fine even though we got charged for a second helping of chips and salsa and I asked for an extra tortilla with my fajitas (3 came with it) and got an upcharge for that as well.Let me start out by saying the iced tea was good as was my vegan burrito. The vegan burrito was also huge, by the way, and the little, gratis corn muffins were tasty. Also, our waiter was quite nice and the outdoor seating looks nice. 
Why then two stars? A blonde woman, obviously an employee of some kind, a cook or, possibly, an owner was polluting that outside seating with her smoke. She was chatting with another table right by us, making us choke, then parked herself in front of the front door of the restaurant to puff away. This was bothering the rest of my party and we asked another employee to ask her to stop but they just said, "she can smoke outside." That may be so but people are eating. I thought there was an ordinance and, even if that is true, why should the establishment's employees be allowed to add to any smoke? 
So much for the pretty-looking outside seating, which is also party to all the traffic on Esplanade. I'd have said maybe try inside next time but, given their lax, sloppy attitude of letting an employee pollute the front door, I won't be back. Also, another review mentioned how noisy it is inside. The vegan burrito was good but certainly not good enough put up with smoking.
 Also, though it is not a problem for me, there were a lot of other diners with their dogs outside. I don't mind that. I like animals. Others might not, just FYI. You have to like cigarette smoke, traffic going by within arm's length, and dogs to take advantage of that outdoor seating. If that is you, by all means, have fun and enjoy your lung cancer from second hand smoke.Great service, good food, great margaritas, and good ambiance. I'm a happy customer! And order the guac. Must have the guac!Oh man. I'm here eating dinner right now and felt compelled to write this review via my phone. 
Everything was cold and flavorless. The queso was like melted plastic. I ordered mussels and almost all of them were dead. The sauce was good but like I said, it was cold. The margaritas were the only good thing!
Our server was lovely. The food is subpar. Too bad because it's an awesome space.We celebrated my birthday with friends at Sante Fe.  My husband and I used to go to the "old" Santa Fe with friends years ago and we thought it was a good idea to see how the "new" one compared.  I had called to make reservations and our table was ready when we got there.  The staff was very kind.  Everyone enjoyed his or her food except for one friend who did not like her dish at all.  When the waiter came by she told him that her dish was not very good and tasted funny and he smiled and walked away.  Another friend tasted the dish and confirmed it was not good and that the guacamole, in particular, was freezer burned.  I went up to the waiter who was with another waiter and informed him.  They smiled and thanked me for letting them know the guacamole was bad.  I was quite disappointed that they did not care enough to inquire further or (gasp) do what good restaurants do in this situation:  offer for us to order something else, comp that particular meal if it is too late, etc.  Most good restaurants do this because they know it's the REPEAT business that keeps THEM in business.  Note to restaurant:  when a customers says she doesn't like something, usually you try to figure out what's wrong and fix it, if you cannot give them an option to get something else or comp it .. or something.  Never let a customer go home dissatisfied because a dissatisfied customer is a lost customer in the restaurant business.  Unfortunately, this Santa Fe is nothing like the old one.  This occurred September 26, 2015.
Update:  I never went back.  :)I had lunch today at Santa Fe and was really blown away! The staff was friendly and gave us great service. 
Everyone who loves Mexican food will tell you, not just any ol' salsa will do, but their salsa is EXCELLENT.
Someone else in my party had a house margarita that I tried a sip of. It was stiff with plenty of fresh lime juice, just the way I like it. 
Mexican is my favorite food, but I was especially impressed with the oyster tacos. And I hadn't even had more than two sips of alcohol! Imagine that! There were two house sauces that came with it that were very unique and I'll be remembering for a long time.  
I live on the Northshore these days, but I will make time to stop in at Santa Fe soon! Perhaps I'll just stop in for a drink at the bar after work before my commute, but how will I resist staying to eat?I wish I could give this place 5 stars...the food is that good. What ruins it? The owners. For the second time, they sat at a table next to ours and chain smoked. Even outdoors, getting bombarded with cigarette smoke was enough to ruin  $65 worth of dinner (for two). And again, this happened a while back during lunch also. We will spend our dining dollars where the owners AREN'T so clueless and rude.I enjoy Santa Fe for the ambiance -- and tonight the weather was gorgeous.  On my way home  ( City Park area) from a long work day of renovating my French Quarter building I stopped at Santa Fe for dinner. I sat in an area away from others because I had to make a few phone calls and didn't want to maybe disturb other diners.  I was raised to be considerate. A friend passed by and joined me . Soon a family (??!!)  came to the area where we were sitting.  There were 2 kids with the adults and within a few minutes ambiance was shattered with kids running by my table and in and out to sidewalk ,  out on the sidewalk and then back into my table area. It was my generation's Cowboy and Indian game with much yelping.  But NEVER in those days would any adult  or management allow such rude conduct in a place trying to project ambiance and please clientele.  
Rules at that time were: You don't bring playground conduct into a business.  Today even  McDonalds would have stopped this conduct.  Tonight exemplified the selfishness of the parents and the foolishness of management saying "we are a family restaurant." Seems like management shrugs off its duty to provide a safe place for physical security and safety  (i.e. running kids came close to knocking my table)  and a pleasant dining experience (screaming, yelling) . My dinner was disturbed -- the usual ambiance was shattered as we tried to talk over the chaos carried out by the kids but seemingly condoned by the parents and management. 
No attempt by the parents was made to reel in the kids. So we moved to another area where other diners heard the noise and made comments to me recognizing my aggravation with the parents who obviously thought their kids conduct was okay and the other patrons didn't mind. One guest with his dog  commented that dogs behave better than most kids and indicated that the kids were a nuisance.  I asked for the manager. When I asked the manager to do something,  his response was basically what could he do about it ? I told him to tell the parents/adults to control their kids. He was very reticent about this proposed task !!!! I told him if one of the kids  injured me with their running that I could bring legal action for the proprietor not having a safe environment. 
I am a senior citizen , a disabled veteran and have metal plates/screws  in 4 areas of my body and have sometimes an unsteady gait. It seems like the freedom of wild children and irresponsible parents have priority over adults or at a minimum jeopardize their well being.  Management should train the blasé employees that they do have the right to tell people that they or their children are disorderly. Not to is to endanger others. 
A family restaurant is fine advertisement but with it comes responsibility from the customer(s) and management. This evening the parents/adults were clearly  content with allowing their children to take the place over and abuse others with their  selfish parental failings. Management was more concerned about appearing  improper unlawful  in telling the parents/adults to control their children  Suggestion:  tell the parents/adults that children must stay in their seats (and not scream).  Tonight the Santa Fe was these kids playground --and it cost me in enjoyment, digestion and money.
The manager came back and said the man/father was sorry and offered me a drink. What an insult after he and his family ruined my evening and as if a FREE drink would resolve the issue of his failings or the restaurants failings .  What trash offerings -- usually there is a better class of customers at Santa Fe . . . well it was not one of those nights.
As usual all the dogs were well behaved  ---We stopped in on a whim to have a drink before going kayaking.  We went back after for dinner and it was great.  They took care of our Vegan and our Celiac without batting an eye.  They were both served food that went way beyond the normal salad when people don't understand.  Thank you.After a week of fried heavy Louisiana food, I was ready for something else. Well no, not really, I was just too hot and tired to walk to another restaurant. But BOY am I glad I stumbled in here!
Well air conditioned and comfortably decorated, I was greeted by some awesome staff and tasty chips and salsa. By recommendation of my server, I had a watermelon cocktail and the crawfish fajitas. I'm usually not big on crawfish because I haven't mastered shelling those suckers, but when they're all ready shelled? Bring em on!  At $15, yum yum yum.  
I was feel in pretty good after that strong watermelon cocktail, paid my bill, again DONT FORGET TO TIP, and headed back up Esplanade to catch the street car down town.Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon right after they opened for brunch. Nice cute decor, clean place... We were the first ones there, but it quickly filled up. Popular place, I guess.
We were greeted warmly and ordered some drinks. Bloody Mary was spicy and good. The mimosas were tasty. 
THE FOOD:
I had the slow roasted pulled pork burrito with vegetable potato hash, black beans, cilantro and cheeses. It's topped off with poblano sauce and more melted cheese. 
It was really good. I enjoyed it. 
The girl who would be my girlfriend had the southwestern biscuits with chorizo and pulled pork. It was fantastic! VERY tasty. The serving sizes were perfect. Enough to satisfy, but not enough to make you completely full. 
One of our party was lactose intolerant and allergic to gluten, and they were most helpful in substituting to accommodate her. 
The men's room was kind of small and you had to wait in a tight spaces if it was occupied. 
Little parking.
Overall, I recommend Santa Fe. Great food and service. Price point good!
Try it out!!Can't say more about the food and service here.  It's top notch!!  From the host to the servers to the bartenders, all around amazing.  Owners are extremely cordial and engage customers regularly.  The bartender is a character and engages customers extremely well.  Drinks are superb.  All around an amazing experience.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!The service was good and the atmosphere nice. 
The food and sangria were ok; both missing inspiration.
its a 3.5 star for sure.Nice decor and very sweet owners and waitors.  Unfortunately, I got the seafood dish which was supposed to consist of seafood enchiladas topped with a sauce.  The whole dish was drenched in a mayomaisse based sauce!  I could not even see the food, just the sauce (or soup), literally!!  I couldn't even eat it.  I told the waiter that "it was a little too much sauce" and they just nodded lol.
Gross.  Sorry to say.Oh Santa Fe! How I love everything about this hidden gem in the Bywater. Great happy hour spot with drinks to include their mouthwatering Sangria and classic Margaritas. This scene is one of the best in the city overlooking the historic Esplanade avenue's loveliness. Complimentary Salsa and chips to start the evening then on to a tastastic appetizer and entree. My #1 appetizer is the crawfish empanada. For the entree, I recommend the chicken/shrimp fajitas.The authentic mexican taste is comparable to superior grill with Santa Fe dominating a bit. For dessert (if you're living on the wild side) the flourless choco! When you go, make sure you request to sit outside. Enjoy the ViewLoved this place!! The margaritas were on point. The kitchen was very accommodating when I asked to tweak the menu a little. The server, Richard, was very attentive and informed, while not being overbearing. The appetizer came at the same time as our entree but we were so hungry and it was all so good so we really didn't mind. 100% would recommend!!Heard about this place for years when they were on Frenchmen Street. Finally got to visit the Esplanade Ave. location. The service was excellent and attentive. Started with the chips, salsa and guacamole. Everything was fresh and good. Then we dug into a lump crabmeat salad on a half of avocado on a bed of lettuce and blueberries, then we split an order of crawfish empanada which was delicious, and then finished with two fried fish tacos that rival ones I've had in the coastal town of Rosarita in Mexico . The Sangria was excellent. The interior walls could use a new coat of paint as the dull off-white ones were dirty and scuffed up.First of all, the food has been pleasant. But the service is well below satisfactory. I went once and charged the inattentive waitstaff to the busy brunch rush, but on the second attempt, it was the same situation. It was as if our waitress avoided us like we had the plague. The $1 mimosas are a great selling point, but if they can't keep up with the demand, then it's not worth having. I do like the food, but because of the service here, I won't be returning.Started this review some time ago. Here ya go: I simply cannot go there without having tbe cevice! Its so incredibly fresh and tasty! However, today I tried the softshell crab taco. Now I have two faves! The owners are always so delightful and make you feel like family. If I were to go and not receive a welcome kiss (on both cheeks) from Carlos, I would feel slighted. This is my favorite restaurant in that area and in my Top 5 in all of NOLA! Check them out on Thursdays and Sundays for some lovely live jazz on the expansive outdoor area. And they are dog friendly. VERY dog friendly. In fact, my pups usually get a refreshing beverage before I do. It's laid back. It's comfortable. It's delicious. It's a must-do!This is the first time i've ever left a review on a website, but i couldnt pass up sharing this experience. I really hate to leave a bad review because the owners were very nice besides the fact that they were sitting right next to us the whole time outside blowing cigarette smoke on us while we were eating. We messed up and ordered our meal before we got the queso we ordered for an appetizer, which was just melted velveeta and nothing else. It was digusting, but we already ordered fajitas for our main meal and couldn't leave. They were not very good and way overpriced for what you get. It was such a pretty day, and we were planning on enjoying some drinks after lunch. But after we ate, we couldn't get out of there fast enough. Not an enjoyable experience.The drum fish tacos are bombotic!!!
That fish is really good. 
Great service.
Lovin NOLA right nowI went to Santa Fe on a storm November evening and chose to sit inside, although others sitting outside did not seem to have a problem with the weather blowing in on them. I was planning on ordering a drink, but had given blood less than six hours prior to dinner, so I can't comment on the drinks. 
My favorite part of the meal were the chips and salsa. The salsa was thick and smokey. It kind of reminded me of steak flavoring perhaps? Whatever it was, I really enjoyed the salsa. For my main course, I chose the Santa Fe Experience which includes one ground beef chili, one pork tamale, and one chicken burrito. Also served with the three are a dollop of sour cream and fresh guacamole. The presentation was very pretty (better than any other establishment serving Mexican cuisine in New Orleans), but the taste fell short. I was not a fan of the ground beef chili. It seasoning on the ground beef reminded me of Taco Bell beef. The chicken burrito was somewhat bland. My favorite part was the pork tamale, so if I were to go back to Santa Fe, I would most likely get the tamale dinner. 
My friendly waiter told me they make some of their own desserts and, I admit, if I had the room I would have ordered the milk cake he described to me. Overall, a decent Mexican cuisine experience in mid-city, but certainly not my favorite in NOLA.I have eaten here many times and like it quite a bit.  The muscle chorizo appetizer is one of my favorite dishes in the whole city.  I get this every time i go and split it.  My only complaint about this dish is that I would like about a whole loaf of the bread to sop up the delicious juice.  The tuna tostada and the seafood salad are also terrific.  I would avoid the lump crab salad as the crab was just a moosh of crab salad not big nice crab lumps.  I would also recomend the rueda de huevo and the Chicken Maximillian.  Also be sure to go during happy hour when the Margaritas are 2-4-1Ok so since I actually live in Santa Fe this place is a real embarrassment.
1. This is bad Mexican food at best, not Spanish.
2. The service was horrible. Getting a smile from our waitress was next to impossible.
3. The gazpacho tastes like it is made with tomato soup.
4. The salsa has tons of corn syrup.
5. The ceviche was a salad not like in a cup, and it too was gross. Go to Lola's across the street for dinner or Taqueria Guerrero on carrolton for lunch. Also Casa Borrega is fantastic and makes this place look like Taco Bell.
Don't go here, save your $Great atmosphere! Love the outdoor seating. The food is a little Inconsistent. I wish I could say I always have a great dining experience because I really do love this restaurant, but sometimes the service & food are disappointing. I will say my most recent visit was great! Both of the tuna appetizers are on point. The pork tacos are great too!I'm surprised to read the negative reviews.  Since we know nothing of the "old Santa Fe" we have no preconceptions about what to expect.
We sat outside on a hot summer night watching the crowd line up across the street at Lola's.  Had we picked the wrong spot?  Fortunately, we had excellent service and some very delicious food.  Gazpacho was excellent and came with three perfectly done BBQ shrimp.  I could have eaten two servings.  Fajitas were also satisfying, served with guac, sour cream, grilled tortillas. There were lots of creative specials on the menu.  The waiter said the menu is being updated.  So things have been -- or still may be -- changing at Santa Fe.  I'd give it another try if you've been disappointed before.
Torches were lit along the sidewalk at sunset.  Very casual, romantic and friendly vibe.I've been back several more than a handful of times since and really changed my opinion of Sante Fe. The food has been great every time and the service has been perfect. Guess I should have cut them more slack during Jazz Fest.TERRIBLE SERVICE!!! Let me reiterate...TERRIBLE SERVICE! Food was delicious... but our waiter ruined our experience. Now, to be fair, it was a busy night but we watched everyone else around us be serviced while we continued to wait. Upon being seated we asked for water, the waiter never told us his name nor did he offer us any specials (which we only know about because the server of the table next to us mentioned it to her customers). We ordered our food, a salad. Food came out, there were no utensils, no dressing, and no water. Asked again for all of these. Utensils came but still no water or dressing. WHO WANTS A DRY SALAD. We were seated with no utensils, asked SEVERAL times for water...never received it. We may have seen our waiter twice during our time in the restaurant. We had appetizers and entrees with nothing to wash them down with. At the end of this pretty bad experience, we had to go to him to get the check when we were ready to leave. I probably wouldn't recommend this place to any of my friends. Thank you (not really) server 46.The good news: It's on charming Esplanade Avenue.
The bad news: This place lacks grace. The service is slow and awkward. There is none of the New Orleans connection or friendliness you would expect. The food is passable but expensive. With so many other soulful restaurants in New Orleans, I cannot see a reason to return to this one.Very comfortable, chill atmosphere, cute staff ;) and delicious food. I had the crawfish empanadas and they were super duper good! Awesome friendly place to eat. I wish I lived here so I could come again. Sadly I'm returning to Florida... but I look forward to the day that I come back!From the wine glass with someone else's lipstick on the rim to the nonexistent service to the less than fresh food, I was seriously disappointed. I'm not sure if I went on a bad night (a Saturday around 7), but I've had Lean Cuisines that tasted fresher than the shrimp fajitas. The shrimp had definitely been frozen, beans were from a can, and the guacamole likely came form a vat of flavorless green goo. 
The sangria doesn't have fruit in it, although the flavor wasn't bad. The waitress failed to mention that my friend's salad came with anchovies when she was reading the specials off her notepad...and then failed to reappear for about 25 minutes. 3 tables near us who were seated after we ordered received their food first. The best thing about the meal was the chips and salsa, which were actually very good. I might come back for drinks, but would definitely not order food there again.This place gets 5 stars for it's atmosphere, 2 starts for food and zilch for service. We went here during jazz fest weekend and they were very busy, so maybe I should give them a little slack, but...
After ordering our nacho appetizers, we didn't even see our waiter for 45 minutes. Seriously?! Luckily, we were in the mood to hang out, and we really enjoyed listening to the Brazillian guitarist while sitting out outside in their fabulous patio area sipping (read gulping) margaritas. But after almost an hour, we finally sent a scout inside to flag the guy down. When he did come back to take our order, he didn't offer any apologies for his absence, and then got out drink order wrong. Really dude? 
The food was just ok. Admittedly, I've just moved back to NOLA from southern Cali, so my expectations are pretty high, but my grilled fish tacos were full of bone and very dry. My hubby had the seafood enchiladas, which were good, if not waaay cheesy, and our friends enjoyed their beef burrito and chicken fajitas. 
Overall, we had a great time and would go back, but only if we've got time to kill, and aren't in the mood for real Mexican food.I love this place and come here very often. The owners and the people who work here are all extremely friendly. However, I'd admit that this restaurant has some serious shortcomings (hence the 3 stars). Also, I never went to the old Santa Fe so I can't compare.
Let start with the Pros:
1. Awesome margaritas. I always get the Perfect Margaritas which are strong and extremely smooth. Go with a group of friends and the half liter and liter sizes are very reasonably priced (they don't add ice which means more alcohol).
2. Decent sangria. Not the best, but a good alternative if you're not feelin the margaritas.
3. Great dessert! Their desserts here are consistently good. Don't hesitate to try a dessert special because it's usually made with a seasonal fruit and it's usually pretty damn good.
4. Salsa, perhaps. Some people love the salsa; I personally think it's good but nothing amazing. I guess you'll have to visit to see if you like it.
5. Outdoor seating. On a warm night, the outdoor seating is awesome (except for the mosquitos). Sometimes they have live music outside too (I think Thursday nights?)
Now on to the cons:
1. 80% of the time, service is extremely slow and the kitchen takes forever. I come here primarily for the drinks (sometimes I don't even order food) so I don't mind waiting, but I can't imagine coming here just to get some food. I would be pissed off too.
2. Food is mediocre. I've had the best luck with their daily specials. I bet the chef puts a little more love into those dishes. Nothing on the menu is worthy of note, but try their nachos. They have nuts which is unique and surprisingly good.
Conclusion: Worth visiting for the margaritas.I'd like to try it again because everybody else enjoyed their meal. I had the blackened snapper and it was very overdone. The spices and crawfish toppings were good but the fish was just tough.  The vegetables were also overdone for my taste. Desserts were nice with a good flan and creme brulee.
Staff was friendly, ambiance is ok.  The speaker we were sitting next to sounded like it was about to die and there were cases of wine sitting on the floor as if they didn't want to bother putting them in the cabinet next to them.  That may sound petty, but it does make a difference IMHO.
Perhaps it just wasn't my night.  If we stay long enough I'll try it again.This place is a hidden gem on Esplanade. Ok, maybe it's not so hidden, but this restaurant has eluded me for years. It's seems as if I have always wanted to try it, but every time I end up somewhere else. I FINALLY got to have dinner here, so it was pretty exciting.
It's a small place, and we had to put our name on a list and wait a bit, but that was no big deal. We were seated after about 10 minutes. Although it was a cool night, we were seated outside on the enclosed patio that was equipped with heaters, so it wasn't too cold. Honestly, if I had it to do over, I would wait to be seated inside but it wasn't terrible sitting on the patio.
Our waitress (Jessica) was extremely attentive and made sure that we were happy with everything. Complimentary chips and salsa were delivered to the table as we looked over the menu. The chips were fresh and delicious and the salsa was very tasty. I only wished that there was more of it! For my entrée I ordered the chicken and portabella mushroom quesadillas. They were SO good and came with sour cream, guacamole, lettuce, tomato and jalapeños on the side. It was really big, so that you could eat the pieces (4) like a sandwich and I even had a piece left over.
I found everything really good and well priced. I can't wait to go back to Santa Fe and see what else they have to offer.Food was awful, service was awful.. Waitress never cleared our table so imagine trying to find room at our table with 4 people with 10 or more glasses  plus our meal ..Aint happening again ...Besides the location, the only good thing Santa Fe has is a few parking spots for when you need to go to Canseco's market.2nd time I've been here. Still very good. I had the Chrispy Skin Salmon. Yummm. The sause on it was very tangy with fresh lime. The chips were good. The salsa could use a little work. It tastes like tomato paste with a little bit of seasoning. Not bad, just not great.I thought the Mexican food here was the best I've had in New Orleans.  I'm from Southern CA, so I can be picky when it comes to Mexican food. The margaritas are incredible!  There were six of us, and everyone ordered something different.  I think the only disappointment was the nachos (that one person ordered).  She said they were OK, and to me, it looked like it was just cheese and green onions were on them...no meat or beans, but i could be wrong.  Once she ate the top layer, it was just the chips.  I had the tostada which I loved.  Can't wait to go back!Been here a couple of times... I decided to sit at the bar by myself. Upon arrival. The bartender was clearly more occupied with his phone than his customers. He's clearly not from here cuz he truly lacks that automatic friendliness that New Orleanians have. Very sarcastic tone. He has definitely sterotyped me. 
Granted I did come in 30 min. before it closed service should be the same...I love writing this type of review so here goes...  my husband and I were out on bikes and decided to head back to the house rather than eat in the French Quarter.  The sun was setting and it was getting colder so we opted to eat close to home.  We went to Santa Fe...  here it goes:
We arrived at about 4 p.m. and went inside for a table.  The confusion began... uh, we're not serving food, just drinks...  uh, no actually, so and so is in the kitchen we can serve food...  blah, blah, blah.
We take a table indoors and notice this:
three waitstaff wearing dirty clothing (possibly from the morning shift) sitting at the bar entertaining one another rather than waiting on us...  have to assume they made their rent at brunch...
Finally a young woman waits on us and then all of the sudden the restaurant is slammed.  Beautiful day in New Orleans, where else can you sit outside?  The service goes from questionable at best to absolutely crappy.
Our food arrives - cold and we ask for another round.  That doesn't happen.  Finally we ask the bartender for another round.  God-forbid he should have to lift a finger for a coworker.
Here's my thoughts - place was dirty, wait staff should wear a uniform, decide if you're open - if not, then close, maybe have some rules for your employees, (i.e., no sitting on top of the bar facing the dining room when the restaurant is open)...
Will we go back?  Absolutely not.
KDrove by this little gem expecting to go to another restaurant but fate brought me here! This little place is an introverts perfect place! You can sit outside in their gorgeous dining are or inside which is cute as well! Perfect date night, brunch date place for sure! $5 mimosas and the staff is awesome! I had the grilled beet salad which was OMG delicious. Whatever that goodness is plopped on top went so well with the whole salad! I've never wanted seconds after a salad and lemme tell you the plain grilled salad hit the spot and then some! Gotta try this place out. Cute parking area on the side and outside dining that wraps halfway around the building. I heard there's a special on mimosas for brunch on weekends tooI came here with my family today, we have ordered a lot of appetizers, food was great and it was fast. But, omg, customer service was horrible, and as much as i don't like talking bad about servers, bc I'm the bartender, i was so unhappy, it took her forever to bring ice for out bottle of wine, glasses were dirty, we couldn't even pay our bill, she was just really unprofessional.Love the location but not the food, it was okay. Nothing to rave about. The owner, who works as a hostess had a cigarette in her mouth the entire time we were there- while she was seating people (outside). I thought that was dirty,   foul, disgusting and inconsiderate and was completely put off from the moment I arrived. Would not go back.I was a regular every Thursday night at the Old Sante Fe on Dauphine. I admit I was very skeptical when I heard it was reopening on Esplanade.  The first two visit's the food was very good however I was dissapointed that the liter of Margarita's was more expensive yet now was full of ice, hence, less margarita. I asked for no ice and was told the manager insisted there be ice. So we left.  
I came back a week later and asked ordered a liter of Margarita's and to my surprise, NO ICE!!! I was so happy!!  
The chicken Maximillian tastes just like it used to. The salsa is the same and most importantly, THE MARGARITA'S ARE JUST LIKE IN THE OLD DAYS!!!!!
Thank you Thank You Thank YOU!!!!
The only reason I am not giving it a 5 star is due to the lack of atmosphere in the new place, it's a little drab.... have a margarita and you'll forget all about it.This is by far my favorite local mid city/esplanade restaurant to eat it. We come here at least weekly. Service is always exceptional, ambiance is wonderful, and food is delicious. 
The outside area is very puppy friendly and you will often run into the owners greeting you by the door. Sometimes live jazz bands will accompany outside. But inside dining is made just as enjoyable by keeping the doors open. 
I've tried almost everything on the menu and still have yet to find something I dislike. The homemade salsa is the best I've ever had. My favorite dishes are the seafood fajitas, chicken & portobello quesadilla, and seafood pasta. The fish of the day is also always perfectly cooked.Tucked away in one of my favorite spots in the city, Sante Fe did not steer me wrong on the eats for the evening. After leaving a boozy Christmas shindig we were starved. A wait at another fav restaurant in the area led us here and it was a win all around. I've been here on occasion before so it was nice to revisit. Same chill atmosphere and great service. 
We're definitely the ordered a bunch of items so we can share kinda group. And we did just that!  We ordered so much random stuff from the menu to make our evening complete. Where do I start? 
Steamed Mussels: Sopping up the broth with bread was a treat but I literally wanted to just put the bowl up to my mouth and sip like soup! It was THAT good. Seasoned well and the chorizo was a nice spicy accent. The portion is pretty large and great for sharing. 
Sante fe Hot Wings: The sweet, spicy, sticky glazed was really good. I mean if you're gonna have wings this is definitely the sauce you want! 
Grilled fish tacos: One of my favorite things from here. We ordered the drum...cause its kinda my fav fish as well. Moist and well seasoned with all your usual taco toppings....and super fresh. 
Sante fe Seafood Pasta: This was the star of the evening. Large pieces of seafood that you could actually SEE and recognize on your plate. Which is always a good thing. Very fresh and the spicy tomato sauce was a winner for sure. Again. super large portion and great for sharing. 
Their house made sangria is almost as good as mine lol. And our server informed us they make a really good Paella which is served on one particular day of the week. I love me some Paella so I'll definitely be back on over.This place is awesome! They have the BEST margaritas in the city...seriously - and the 4-6 Happy Hour (2 for $5) is pretty amazing. They even do a fresh watermelon one!
Their seafood is great, scallops amazing - and they have a pretty extensive selection for vegetarians.  Their beans and rice are vegan and are pretty tasty.
Reasonably priced, nice ambiance, very fresh food, and friendly helpful waitstaff.
Great for lunch and dinner!
Also, it is now closed on Mondays - tried to go the other night and they recently decided to take a day off.Favorite margarita happy hour in the city!!
Santa Fe as always been my go-to for a good ole marg. I love that they have happy hour Mon-Fri, so it's been a great first stop for Friday night bar hopping. Their margs are pretty strong and also super tastey; perfect combo of simple syrup and sour mix. Also, their chips and salsa are complimentary and very tastey...the salsa is nice and thick, not watery with chunks of tomato and onion like most free salsa. I've tried several items on their food menu over the years and to me, the food is just ok-good. Not bad, but not awesome lol. It's also a bit overpriced, to me. So, I go for the dranks and chips n salsa and ambiance, which is great. I love spending an evening on Esplanade Ave. I don't see many young people my age out eating and drinking in the area and I don't know why. It's lovely.
Tip: bring your metal straw. They only have cocktail straws so if you have a regular sized glass, it doesn't work out lol.I had a great experience here at lunch: Professional staff, appealing environment, best Chile Relleno ever.
Had passed Santa Fe numerous times and always curious. The outdoor seating surely beckons! I finally was able to pop in for lunch, on a coolish day actually, so chose to sit indoors. Found the staff and the entire place hospitable.
The waitress had chips and salsa on the table without consulting me, which I appreciated at one level but also must admit that I usually avoid the chips at a Tex-Mex place, but oh well, there they were so down the hatch they went! Salsa was outstanding, by the way, tasting as if it were prepared with smoked peppers.
I chose the Chile Relleno for lunch, stuffed with their pork. The dish was outstanding, with meat piled high on the chile more than in it. I don't recall if any side dishes were served, such as rice, but frankly I don't care as I usually find such items nothing more than dull fillers.
I notice that Yelp reviews of Santa Fe are all over the place, and who knows the reason why. Surely there's no accounting for taste, especially in the Tex-Mex realm, where serious opinions do seem to abound.
That being said, I've already been talking the place up amongst peers and will return, hopefully for a spell under the canopy outside.We had lunch there yesterday as in a previous occasion we had been there, ordered the seafood pasta and it was great. This time the food and service were below average. I ordered a burger and it was dry and the sangria was watery with no flavor. We ordered extra napkins and straws and never got them. This time we sat inside and it was full of flies, they said it was normal because of the weather (personally unacceptable). Later that day I got food poisoned from eating the burger and today I was unable to go to work. I will not return or recommend this place.Perfect lunch with my mom when she came to visit.
The portions were not too big (which I like!), the food tasted great and was fresh, and the menu was not too "Americanized".
They also have a nice outdoor patio!From Love in the Park:
Ok..I thought the actual brick and mortar location was bad. And since they brought a dog into the the kitchen I was pretty much thinking that was as low as it could get.
Fast forward to Love in the Park. A 100 dollar a person event.
Santa Fe had a table and managed to get even grosser than the restaurant.
The redhead who was working the booth and the person who was with the woman who took her dog into the kitchen(I'm told it is the owner...eeew), were both smoking at the table where they were serving...at once point, she had her cigarette in her mouth while serving food. He smoked several times in less than an hour (I was with the band in the back so had a good(?) view).
Not ONCE did they stop and wash their hands...ever. It really made me sick. Even the band didn't want to eat anything they had and they were DRUNK as heck.
I can not imagine how they stay in business.
Oh..and when one guest was surprised they had opened back up after leaving Frenchman, it took all I had not to mention it wasn't worth going to with the terribly bland food and the animals in the kitchen.
Horrible.So this place wasn't gross. That about all I've got. The shrimp weren't deveined (not sure if this is normal) and the food was bland. I mean all you have to do is add celantro to stirfry and you can call it mexican, but there was no cilantro on anything and nothing came with beans (not even my fijitas). It was just lame. It would have been over priced if it came from a trailer.I've enjoyed every experience at this restaurant. The bartenders always go out of there way to help and be accommodating.  And the serving staff is so friendly.  The house salad is my go to, and their margaritas are a must!!We had dinner last night at Santa Fe.  It was my first time, but I have been admiring their patio for years.  I had the chilli relleno and some of the cheese dip.  The food was very good and the prices were very reasonable, especially for the wine and drinks.  The only complaint was that the service was not great.  Our waiter seemed nervous and the service was very slow.  This didn't bother us too much since we were enjoying the nice evening, but they maybe could have sold us a couple more drinks with a little more attention.Great food! I love sitting on the patio and having a margarita with some queso. The tuna tartar is so good. My favorites is the grill fish tacos and the pork tamales.Went there for brunch with a friend and had the best time. Called ahead since I wasn't sure if they were like every other place in the city and gets packed for brunch. Luckily when we got there, they already had a table waiting for us. We sat down and was immediately given water and our jalapeno corn muffins. 
From then on, we had some of the best food and service in the city. We both couldn't resist the $1 mimosas but had a much harder time trying to figure out what to eat. Everything sounded so good. And looking around, it looked like we couldn't go wrong with whatever we order. We finally settled on some seafood dishes. My friend ordered an oyster Caesar salad (she wasn't craving brunch food) while I got their shrimp and grits.
15 mins. later our large plates comes out. We inhale the food, delighting in the unique Caesar dressing (tastes like it's got some Creole mustard in there) and the fabulous sauce on my grits. It was honestly some of the best shrimp and grits I've had in my life.  
Our drinks were constantly refilled and we were asked several times how was everything. Everywhere we looked, there were smiles on people's faces and lots of satisfied sighs from full bellies. We sat outside so got a chance to see how dog-friendly the place is. 
The owner brought his little Maltese that was greeting everyone coming in. The pup was the perfect host and didn't bark once. The owner made it a point to go to every table and talk to everyone- humans and canine alike. He gave every dog a pat on the head and a handful of dog food (Beneful- the stuff he was feeding his own dog.) As a dog lover, I was deeply touched by the care he took. Definitely a first-class gent.
Overall, it was a wonderful experience and I will definitely be back. Next time, I'm bringing my furry babies.I've only been here for brunch and it never disappoints. 1$ mimosas are everything. Service is wonderful. And food is always out of this world.This place is pretty solid. I've been here before but only to drink. This time I tried some food. They have really good margaritas, which is the only drink when I go. Some very nice ladies I met at the bar were raving about the salmon appetizer. They insisted that my friend and I try it. They insisted so much so that they had one sent out to us. And it was as good as they said it was. It was flavorful and had a nice crust on the outside while the inside was moist and flaky. The sauce was great and it had a good side salad along with it. I also tried the mussels and that were great. The flavor of the broth was so rich. My friend ordered a burrito that looked pretty good. I got the hot wings in the honey chipotle glaze and that were really good and came with a nice corn salsa that was yummy as well. The service here is always pleasant and it's a nice, pretty quiet place.This place has amazing food!!!  Found it totally by accident while in NOLA for the VooDoo Music Festival at the end of October.  Love the food SO much that we actually missed our flight to go back to Fort Lauderdale, lol.  BUT, it was totally worth it!!!  Will definitely go back here next time we're in town!  Looks like the end of April, yay!Very bad experience today due to really, really bad service, though most times I've been here it has been good service and great food/ambience.  We had an indignant young lady for our server, who made many mistakes with our order and never apologized but loudly talked about us to the kitchen, lying about what had just happened at the table. We were the only people in the place and my 9 year old's face was red with embarrassment-we had to return his meal two times and then eventually just took it to go--and even then we found all the exact mistakes. Our request was not that difficult, just "please put only steak and cheese on the quesadilla".  I will never again go here.  I have taken my landscaping crew here, my family and several friends but these are times where people need to support businesses who are kind and comfortable with you, not assholes. We inadvertently support enough assholes.  Don't do it as a choice.My margarita was good. That's one star. The waitress was very nice and attentive.  Another star.  Always start with a positive.  Other than that, every single piece of food we ordered was horrible.  Sorry folks.  The food was either completely bland or incredibly salty.  It was kinda like Mexican night at the hospital.Everybody is harshing on my neighborhood restaurant it seems.  I live up the street and am a regular 2 for 1 margarita patron.  They really are some of the best around and rival Felipes in knock-you-on-your-ass strength.  
Complimentary fresh chips and salsa, great calamari, endearing owners, good waitstaff, great atmosphere.
We have been here maybe a dozen times to eat at all times of the day, but my favorite is the brunch.  This is a killer spot for a Sunday $1 mimosa and the brunch menu is a refreshing Latin twist to the traditional fare.
There dinners have improved over the last couple of years and I recommend the seafood pasta most highly.  It is a great deal for the amount of fresh seafood and pasta you receive and with the more traditional Mexican dishes reaching a bit too high in price it is a fair compromise.
Not the place for a burrito, but the atmosphere, alcohol, and certain menu items make it a gem of a neighborhood joint.Santa Fe has a great happy hour with great staff. The bartenders are friendly and helpful. Thanks to Eric and Iris for a great meal!where is my review ?  Awful experience --seem like editor disliked it though truthful info.It was my 3 year anniversary with my girlfriend and we had originally picked Lola's across the street. I'm glad we changed our mind. Lola looked a little loud and crammed. 
The host was polite and put on a smile for us. Upon walking in, we noticed they had fans plugged in and the AC was broken. It didn't bother us too much. The restaurant isn't super spacious but it was just right since there were not that many customers. Our waitress was so so. I'm not sure if she was distracted or just busy. She was fairly nice for most of the time. 
The complimentary nachos were good, but nothing special. For appetizer, we ordered the ceviche and MY GOD it was huge. I was not expecting large slices of fish. The portion was almost like an entree. I wish there were more shrimp though. I believe we had 4 pieces of shrimp. Our 2nd appetizer were the mussels. We both liked it. Especially their choice of bread. The sauce was a lot thicker than all of the mussels I normally get in other restaurants. For our entree, we saw a photo of a fully fried fish on Yelp and couldn't find it on the menu. The waitress helped us order it. Normally we would never order the same entrees because we want to try varieties but as soon as the waitress said it was while flounder, we both had to order it. The flounder was good but bland. As for the side if vegetables, I'm not a big fan of throwing garlic at the end of cooking veggies. I do a lot of cooking myself. I wish they would throw the garlic in first when they make the veggies. As for our choice of wine to go with our entrees, we ordered the sangrias. It was my first time having it and I liked it. 
Overall, I would definitely come back. It looks like a fun place to bring friends. Especially for the huge ceviche.Upon arrival  I got lost. There is outside seating and you have to wait ti be seated as well as inside seating.  I appreciate the nice alcoholic beverage. It was half off by it being Happy Hour so I was happy. However,  the price made me smile!!! I shall go back for the food later but I just say my drink was really good. Nice amount of tequila and juice concoctionGreat Ambiance and service but pretty much really bad, overpriced food! We are probably spoiled by the mexican food in California but I have yet to have any really good authentic mexican food in the city of Nola. Go here for a drink but the quality of the food is very inferior and way overpriced!!!Never visiting this place again. 
Bad experience all around. Arrived and took about thirty minutes to order, another half hour later I was told what I ordered was no longer available, maybe another half hour later I received my food but the friend who I was with didn't. Had to call over our absentee waiter several times to ask, new excuse every time about why our food wasn't out. We were told the kitchen was backed up though the restaurant was maybe at 1/3 capacity. Friend finally received his omelette about 2 hours (no exaggeration) after we had first sat down. 
When I finally did receive my food, it was missing about half the sides that were supposed to accompany it. After talking with the manager we both had a drink comped which was pretty much the bare minimum they could do at this point. 
We had arrived around 12:30 and didn't end up leaving until after 3. Terrible service experience all around and overpriced, though the food itself was decent when it did end up arriving.Our waiter was great! Some guy at the bar cursing up a storm and being obnoxious just killed the ambiance which would normally be a nice family or just a dinner date night out.  May not be like this all the time but it definitely made this atmosphere a little less than classy.  The food was ok, nothing to get super excited about.  The guacamole was really good! The burger had a great flavor to it, the enchiladas were bland and kind of dry. The carne asada was good. Yuca fries were on the menu and were not in my plate :( and the fries in place were typical Sysco frozen fries or at least tasted meh.Absolutely terrible. Salsa was out the can, fish of the day was $17 catfish and the pulled pork tacos were extra salty and filled with bay leaves that almost choked me. The pork was so salty I couldn't eat it. Its too easy to find good mexican food on the cheap than to buy this overpriced crap.Went here with my boyfriend for lunch after a morning at city park. It was delicious. I had the ceviche and he had the pork tacos. We shared a caraffe of margaritas - they were great. Overall friendly staff and great food.Great neighborhood restaurant.  Locals eat here, but so can tourists.  My favorites are the chicken wings, soft shell crab tacos, and a sangria.  Tonight I tried the homemade churros with chocolate and caramel sauce.  They were delicious!  Just the right amount of sugar and cinnamon.  Great service.  Very attentive.  Huge patio for outside dining and the dining room is spacious, but intimate.  If you are a local stop by at least once a week.We have shopped around the city for a great happy hour, but keep coming back to Santa Fe. The sangria is amazing, as is the staff. The friendly neighborhood atmosphere and lovely outdoor seating make for a perfect end to the day. We also enjoy sitting at the bar, where Eric and Taylor keep us entertained.
We often can't resist staying for food...the menu is fantastic in that you really can't miss. They do it all well...from Latin American cuisine to their burger, salads and pasta. (Not to mention their Sunday brunch). 
WE LOVE SANTA FE!Man, we planned on Cafe Dugas but crazy busy!!   Carols decided to open Santa Fe for New Years and it was AWESOME!!   Thanks so much for making our New Years dinner amazing!!  Lamb Chops and Tenderloin to perfection and special menu was killer.  OH, and the Oysters Rockefeller soup was amazing!!!Service was good. Drinking glasses were dirty and my rice wasn't cooked properly. Steamed rice. Come on people, that's some BS.I've been here three times over roughly the past 6 years (they are closed on Mondays FYI).  In the past, I've tried the Sante Fe burger and the chips and queso.  The margaritas are pretty good.
The food and service have always been good...nothing to spectacular yelp about....UNTIL THIS WEEKEND!!
I went slightly before dinner time while it was still somewhat quiet.  There were a few tables occupied but not overwhelmingly busy.  I sat at the bar with my friend (I usually don't get a table but sit at the bar or sit outside)....I like sweet wines but they didn't have any so I had the sangria which was pretty good...tad strong (which is a good thing lol).
My friend had one of the burgers and fries which he really enjoyed...I can't remember the name of his burger.  I was able to try the fries which were light, cooked well and tasty.
I wanted to eat light so ordered the crawfish empanadas.  The bartender suggested that I mix it up and try one beef and the other crawfish so I took his advice.  When the order came out, it was two crawfish.  I insisted that it was okay but the bartender quickly corrected everything before he'd even brought the food out to bring a beef empanada out.  I tried both and enjoyed both.  I gave the other crawfish to my friend who enjoyed it as well.  It was seasoned well and tasted fresh.  I really enjoyed it.
For dessert, I had tried the tres leches which was also nice.  There were only 2 strawberry halves on the plate, so I asked for more strawberries jokingly but the bartender actually went to get me more.  The dessert was good and finished my food off well.  It was a spongier type of cake with an after taste of pound cake.  
The reason for the 5 stars in huge part is because the service was absolutely superb!!  The bartender really went above and beyond to do his job.  I can't remember the last time service was so PHENOMENAL!!
I definitely won't take another 2 years to come back.  I promise!!YOU NEED TO TRY THIS! The specials are amazing. Great atmosphere, strong margaritas and very tolerant service staff. 10/10Service was excellent. The patio was amazing while enjoying not too sweet margaritas, perfectly seasoned ceviche, beet salad with a great balance of light goat cheese topped with savory balsamic vinaigrette, and some seafood fajitas just to top it off. Coming from Texas I was skeptical of Mexican in the NOLA but it was a great Latin experience.The beet salad is so delicious. Amazing service, prices and margaritas. I would for sure recommend this place; their patio is very cozy and adorableOne of my favorite places in the city to eat solo. Everything on the menu is wonderful and fresh.It is so disappointing to try a restaurant for the first time and have the food and drinks turn out terribly.  There are so many amazing restaurants in this foodie city that I want to try them all - a nearly impossible undertaking.  But dinner at Santa Fe reminds me why I continue to frequent a handful of restaurants that have stellar food, drinks, service and atmosphere.  Even the great Esplanade location didn't take away from the bad dinner - if anything, the location made it more irritating.  Just because this restaurant is close to Cafe Degas, a suburb bistro we have went to many times, does not mean they should jack up prices on less than mediocre food.  2 un-warmed, soggy tortillas topped with 8 small, unseasoned shrimp  & 4 sloppy sides consisting of sour cream, tomatoes, shredded cheese and un-edible guacamole do not a $15 meal make.  Also, the margaritas were awful - expensive, all mix with table salt on the rims.  I assume that's enough information.  Overpriced, dreadful experience.so anyone one who knows me. Or any Californian knows we feel like New Orleans lacks good Mexican food. This place is listed as Latin so I'll write my review accordingly. I've had their ceviche and I can say hands down its been the best in the city. I went to other places and it's like they looked at a picture and guessed at what ceviche should taste like. At Santa Fe I was delighted. Did my food happy dance and everything. In regards to other dishes they were good. Often influenced by local flavor. The seafood enchiladas were great. They have some good options if you like seafood. Also when I went and it was cold they had warmers & blankets so guest could still sit outside. I thought that was nice.Great food, truly incredible and lovely ambiance but as always, they shoot themselves in the foot with the poor service. And please God get my bill right (twice!). I've always liked them but I think we're done for a while.Wait staff were very friendly and very responsive. Tacos were HUGE and tasty. Steak cooked to perfection. Left full and extremely satisfied.I had a mixed experience yesterday at this restaurant. My boyfriend and I biked down Esplanade and decided to stop here for lunch. We were hot and wanted air condition so we opted to sit inside. When we first walked in I was surprised to see how small it is. We weren't sure if we should just seat ourselves, so we stood there for a minute until the waitress told us to pick a spot. The restaurant is cute, but it was actually pretty hot in there and we had a few flies flying around us (I guess still better than sitting outside). 
You get one serving of complimentary chips and salsa, and I really did enjoy the salsa. My boyfriend and I decided to order queso ($7) and a chicken and mushroom quesadilla ($14). My boyfriend loves queso and said that was all he really wanted. However, the queso just wasn't good. That's probably the most expensive queso I've had but may be one of the worst. I also thought they should have brought out another basket of chips with it, since the basket of chips we had with the salsa was pretty small. Since we didn't eat much of the queso, we didn't end up running out of chips until the end of the meal though. My boyfriend was upset and confused on how a place could mess up queso. I promised him that I would split my quesadilla in half with him. The chicken and mushroom quesadilla was delicious!! The mushrooms gave it so much flavor. It was a decent portion, so I didn't mind splitting it with him. However, I think for the price tag it should come with beans and rice too. 
Service was a bit spotty, but I believe there was only one waitress and quite a decent amount of tables to serve. A man (maybe a manager) was helping her and ended up talking to us for a bit. He was very nice. Overall, we had a decent experience, and I would come here again for the quesadilla alone because it was seriously that good!I have mixed feelings about Santa Fe. I've always been happy with the food but the service is decent and has been very slow the 2 times I've visited. The first time I went to Santa Fe, it was for dinner with a few friends. We split the queso, which was very yummy! I ordered the house salad with fried oysters and was happy with my selection! It was delicious! My friend ordered the chicken and mushroom quesadilla and really liked it but complained that there were way too many mushrooms and they were really big (so if that's a problem for you, ask for no mushrooms!). The second time I went to Santa Fe it was for brunch. We called ahead to see how long the wait would be and they said they could put us on the list. When we got there (about 15-20 minutes later) we were seated right away! Within 10 minutes we put in an order and were really looking forward to our coffee and food. However, while the coffee came right away (and the refills kept coming), we waited over an hour for our food to come. After about 30 minutes of waiting, we started looking around for our server to inquire about the food, but he was nowhere to be found. When we finally had someone go find him for us (pretty sure he was hiding), he said he was sorry but the kitchen was very backed up and it would be out soon. After this happening a few more times, our food finally came out. I can't decide if my brunch was really good or whether I was just starving and very jittery from the 3-4 cups of coffee but I finished my food in about 5 minutes flat. While the food was good (I got something with a sweet potato purée, chicken, cheese, and eggs), I don't know if it's worth it for me to come back. 
Food -- 4 stars
Price -- 4 stars 
Service -- 2 stars
Atmosphere -- 4 stars
Really wish Yelp would let me give them 3.5 stars overall.Maybe there are decent things here. I haven't had them yet. It has the feel of food that went from the Sysco boxes to the table with zero creativity or panache in between. And there's got to be a lot of ketchup in the salsa which destroys all the freshness. Nice place to sit out though. Just wish a better restaurant was in this building. Meals next door at Degas are a similar price and so, so much better.I thought this place was great!! We sat outside and had a light dinner and margaritas while a live jazz trio played.  Everyone is right.... the margaritas are outstanding!! I was highly impressed with them! The food was typical mexican and as good as any other mexican restaurant in New Orleans (if not better for some dishes.)  I mean, let's face it, we are not in Arizona or Southern Cali here people!! I loved it.  
I will be going back soon and I suggest that anyone who wants to have some good food, great margaritas and rockin' live music, needs to check this place out!!This has been my very favorite restaurant for a very long time. Tonight I was treated like a dog. Never again will i bring my clients or a friend whos birthday happened to be today. We waited over an hour to be acknowledged and another half hour to order our drinks. The owner did come  up and offer to help us move our table out of the rain. Then we recieved the worst margaritas of our life! Sent them back and were given a bill!!!! Im not paying for something awful! I tipped that bad waitress and walked out. Sorry Santa Fe. Yall arent bringing the "A" game like you used to. Your new servers suck. I was beyond embarrassed tonight.Santa Fe is my go-to brunch place in New Orleans. On Sunday mornings they have $1 mimosas and $3 bloody marys, plus an amazing selection of breakfast items with a Spanish twist. Most recently I got the Southwestern biscuits, and they were delicious. You get two biscuits with either pulled pork or chorizo sausage (I had one of each) and it comes with fantastic breakfast potatoes. 
The only reason it gets 4 stars instead of 5 is that I'm not the biggest fan of their dinner menu. It isn't bad, but I would suggest you go to Santa Fe for brunch in lieu of dinner.Santa Fe isn't usually a spot that jumps to the top of my list for brunch places. But on a recent Sunday it was the destination for a spur of the moment outing after a early morning family event. We had a large group of kids and adult, the staff was very accommodating in both or seating arrangements and letting the younger kids place orders off the Sunday brunch menu. I was pleasantly surprised by the array of offering for bunch from steak and eggs to huevos rancheros. I went with a southwest biscuit and eggs. It was very tasty. The pulled pork was full of flavor and the biscuit was perfect. I will gladly enjoy Santa Fe brunch again!!!FOOD:  Coming from Texas, I have heard I wouldn't be that impressed with the food, but I took that with a grain of salt and came to try anyways. The queso was strange (neon orange, nearly solid, cheese food product-ish), although they did top it with some green onions.  The guacamole was very light and fresh!  The chips- just okay.  
I ordered the special: Duck Tamale with Mole Sauce.  It came out just by itself, no rice and beans, nothing.  The single tamale was mainly 95% masa, I really could barely find the duck meat inside. The mole sauce was chunky and more like tomatoes (nothing like a mole I've ever had), and it was refrigerator cold.  Hmmm. 
DRINKS:  Like someone else said, the margaritas were "curiously" strong.  I've drank a few margaritas in my time, but these left me questioning whether they add Everclear or not. They were knock your socks off strong!
SERVICE: The service wasn't anything to write home about.  Part of the glass tabletop where I was sitting fell off (because it was taped with one piece of SCOTCH tape!).  It really could have caused a massive laceration to my arm if I would have hit it the wrong way. This is a serious hazard.  
ATMOSPHERE:  Great place to sit outside when the weather is nice. 
Bottomline: Great place to grab a few drinks, but the food is just mediocre.We dined at Santa Fe this weekend for brunch, and it was a pleasant experience. They have $3 mimosas and Bloody Marys which is a plus. 
I ordered the seared tuna tostada and my boyfriend ordered the breakfast burrito. Overall, the food was good, but not great. The tostada was tasty, but the dish was overpowered with lots of lettuce and beans and not enough tuna. My boyfriend seemed to enjoy his burrito and it looked good. As I was passing passing other tables, their dishes looked amazing. I'm under the impression that some of the items on the menu are hit or miss. 
I would have given this three stars for food, but I really enjoyed the atmosphere and service so I'm giving 4 stars. They had a lovely band playing outside, which is right up my alley on a nice Sunday afternoon. I would definitely come back and try some more stuff from the menu.Until being threatened with physical assault 3 times and suffering numerous homophobic remarks I spent a brief month as a sort of co kitchen manager trying to rehab this distressed but formerly hugely popular cafe. WARNING Never eat here. One of the cooks picked up a rat squished in a trap and waved it over the food in the window where the servers carry your trays of food to your table, The problems with this place are terminal and with the complacency of the owners I was forced off the premises with homophobic violent threats that extended to my home. Peril prevails over culinary production here. Personal though these ills were, they extend well beneath the surface of the gooey cheese draped over your entree.
Recommend this reviewHappy hour - buy one get one margaritas!
After visiting Santa Fe for the first time on Saturday, I can't tell you the number of people I have told that I am embarrassed to say that it was my first trip there, even though I live within 2 miles. I had been missing out on this hidden gem!  
There were six of us for an early dinner last Saturday and out of the six of us, five loved it! The food was flavorful but not overwhelming. My chicken tamales were fabulous! The ratios of corn, chicken, verde sauce and cheese was perfect, and two tamales were more than enough to fill me up. 
The only disappointment was that they were out of one dish, but we all know that happens from time to time. 
5 Quick Notes: 
The atmosphere was comfy but clean. 
The staff was nice, but not overly informed. 
The rice is so much more than rice. 
The menu has many GF options. 
The margaritas are made fresh and on the stronger side but well balanced.This is my favorite Latin restaurant. Everything on the menu is fresh and delicious, especially the chocolate ganache cake.In a word. Disappointing... They have reduced their protions...used to be 6 wings but only 5 today... Beet salad, $12.00 for greens, small scoop goat cheese, (used to be 2 scoops)...  And 4 thin skinny slices of beet.  Calamari was clumpy and soggy. The catfish was very good. Service was okay...pleasant but nothing above and beyond. I think Im not coming back....It's not the food is bad, it's fine, really, but it is clearly OVER-PRICED!!! for just OK food. I would rather spend half as much for a quesadilla that I LOVE about a mile up Carrolton (not naming names).
The margaritas are curiously strong. 
The outdoor seating is wonderful on a beautiful spring day, but so is the view from my porch.
I'm happy to eat here, but only if someone else is paying. 
There I said it!Sunday brunch review.
Hands down one of the most 3-stars I've been to in a while. The food is definitely a 3.5, reaching for that 4. Free jalapeno cornbread with honey glaze? Yes, please. We split the omelette with crawfish, shrimp, and crab. Tasty, though a bit much on the cheese and the crab doesn't come through enough. But tasty. The cheese is on top so it's easy to take off. It's a nice saucy omelette if you can imagine that.
But the service was super slow. We must've waited 30 minutes for the food. Arghle-bargle! At least they refilled the water in a somewhat timelier manner. Yet when hunger strikes, it's not too much to ask for a reasonable service time.
Also, $1 mimosas. Yeah!The ambiance at this place is fire!!There is a wrap around porch that is lit (dimly) with string lights and is nestled right next to the street. This is an adorable neighborhood joint and I would recommend going to just enjoy a margarita. They're delish. 
The meal itself was good albeit expensive. 18.50$ for two tacos is outrageous. The portions on the tacos were good (I got blackened red snapper) but I just can't justify almost 20$ for tacos. Tacos. The salsa was good but had an interesting texture. I don't know -- good experience but the price and the extremely ditsy server kinda put a damper on it.1.  Great place for kids- that is the best part of this restaurant.  There is a lovely outdoor area and the owners make kids feel very welcome.  Since it's outside, you don't have to worry if they get out of their chairs to play while waiting for the food or after eating; one of the few places I can feel relaxed while bringing the kids.  2.  The best margaritas I have ever had!  3.  Reasonably priced, good food is available (though the fancier selections can get pricey).I just had the most delicious lunch here. First of all, plenty of outdoor seating for safe distancing and servers wearing masks. The location outside is delightful lots of shade. Owner appears to be on site fixing outdoor spaces for maximum comfort and shade.
I had the gazpacho, a house salad and a margarita. Maybe because I've been isolated for two months but this was one of the best lunches I ever had. Fresh, flavorful and pretty. If you have been reluctant to head out not knowing what it might be like, this place is maybe your first foray. Server was delightful, efficient and attentive.Sitting here right now after finishing the best damn pork tacos I've EVER had.  Visiting New Olrleans and the wife wanted fajitas and found this great place.  I usually don't get pork tacos because they are usually bland and chewy!  Santa Fe cooks have it figured out!  Taking my fist bite of just the pork made my eyes roll back in my head!  Every bite released more and more flavor.  Being from Tampa we have many great Spanish restaurants and they can't hold a candle to Santa Fe's pork!  The entire meal was awesome and the service from Hill (Hillary) was great.  She is very personable and down to earth with a great sense of humor.  Definitely recommend visiting while you visit New Orleans!