First time in New Orleans. 
This place was recommended by a coworker, and it w as excellent! A half portion is perfect for lunch, and the food is off the wall good! Raspberry tea is real raspberry....the service was excellent, waitress was friendly, and made good suggestions when asked about what was best on the menu. 
Would I go back? Yep. Small place, but well worth it.I will keep this short and sweet. 
Sassafras has a very great selection of creole and soul food. It is located near the Lakefront in New Orleans. I am a little concerned that there are no reviews. This place has outstanding food. This is one of few Soulfood restaurants in the Gentilly area. 
Here's a quick rundown:
The baked and fried chicken are wonderful!
Yams are awesome! 
The grilled shrimp salad is delicious!
Mac & cheese uhmm so so
Gumbo is not very exciting! 
Sunday Brunch is wonderful... Creole Omelets
Daily specials are available. Check them out even if you are not in the neighborhood...This is our second time at sassafras. The first time we were meeting someone and the food was great along with customer service so we decided to revisit. The customer service was excellent! Food is so well seasoned. My husband is a catfish fanatic and he gives this place a thumbs up!First visit to this neighborhood gem. Sophisticated but casual. So nice to visit a restaurant where the staff genuinely care about their work and the atmosphere they create. Food was delicious. All of their salad dressings are made in house, a detail that I certainly appreciate. The service was spectacular. Will definitely be returning.This small quaint place is a gem! I found this restaurant on Groupon. The food was delicious. I really enjoyed the calm atmosphere, music and art on the walls. The customer service was excellent. The food was flavorful!Sassafras Restaurant has a nicely-decorated exterior (strip mall) and a very attractive, clean, neat, and welcoming interior. The waiter was very friendly and helpful. We ordered Seafood Platters, which came with catfish, oysters, shrimp, fries, and a delicious house salad, as an appetizer. The salad dressings were home made, and the fried seafood items were well seasoned and not the least bit greasy. Also, the portions were generous. We were all very pleased and remarked that we would certainly return. RJTWent this morning to get some chicken and waffles, decided to go first thing when they open. There was a table of 4 and a table of 2, I was a table of 1. There seem to be more people working than dining but yet the service did the disappoint it's slow. After walking pass me several times my server finally stated I will be with you shortly. Another table of 2 came in and shortly after being seated a server came to their table to begin there service. At that point it was time for me to leave. This place have good food, Just hoping one day the initial server to customer contact gets betterI'm really glad I found this restaurant via Groupon. There was a bit of a wait because I didn't make a reservation, but the food was WELL worth the wait. It was delicious! I had the Cajun Pasta with Crawfish and Shrimp and Mango Ice Tea; Also ordered the Redfish with Mac n Cheese and Pontilly Potatoes to go-Delicious! The Redfish was seasoned to perfection! Customer Service was awesome as well!We signed our name on the waiting list and waited 20 mins while the owner purposely overlooked our name and seated two other tables. After a couple walked into the restaurant,the owner immediately seated them although the owner was advised by us and the couple that we were there first. We immediately left due to her unprofessionalism and disrespect!!!!! We will NEVER patronize this business again. I would've never expected this from a Black business owner but it seems they're the ones who are screwing black customers the most these days!Visting from out of town and found this place on Yelp based on reviews. The reviews on the stuffed bell peppers was excellent so I went with that for lunch. I didn't care for it so I didn't eat it.  The kids had burgers and was satisfied. The handsome waiter was professional.My favorite spot in town to grub at. The food is delicious and authentic creole cuisine. Whenever I want a nice home cooked meal I come here. I've had several menu items. Their fried chicken and wings r the best I've ever eaten at a restaurant. Red beans r awesome, the Jambalaya is my fav :) the. My fav thing to get for dessert is the scoop of icecream with the praline sauce ahhhhh sooooo yummmyyyy omg... I've taken my mom n all my friends here several times. I love sassafras. If you are looking to eat here do it u won't be disappointed..
The only negative I have to say is that I don't like that all the menu items aren't served everyday like it used to be now certain items are served on certain days but still great tho.Came at the busiest time on the busiest day but the service and food were very good and worth waiting for.This is close to my aunt's house I was visiting so we walked over for lunch because it had good reviews. We wanted to do something else this afternoon but there's no time left for that now. 
First of all, it seemed overrun with the after Church crowd, so it took 20-30 min to get seated, which is fine because we expected that. 
They ran out of glasses so they brought our drinks in togo cups, which is alright, but they weren't attentive with refills, and were stingy with straws. 
It took about an entire hour just to get our side salads, though, and at least another half hour to get our entrees, which were just pasta with seafood. The portions were large, and food came out hot, but we ordered separate things and got the same thing brought to us with the addition of just-ok crab cakes on mine. For taking so long, they could have at least gotten my food correct. 
It's 2 hours in, we are trying to get our check and togo boxes but no servers are anywhere to be found. 
I wouldn't recommend wasting an entire afternoon here. The food is just okay, definitely not worth 2+ hours of your day.I recently visited sassafras and I must say it's everything the food was prepared to order I had the half shrimp half oyster poboy and the seafood was fried perfectly and had great flavor my daughter he'd the fried chicken and that was the best homefried chicken I've ever had .I would highly recommend this place to any and everyone be back soon thanks again for the good food and great serviceSUPERB describes this establishment in one word for the food , ambience ,music and service HIGHLY RECOMMENDStuffed Bell Peppers here... just like home cooking on Thanksgiving day! So good. I am glad a friend suggested this. The staff was good too. Highly Recommended.Good food, lots of food, good service (off peak hours)...what else could one ask for? I payed 16$ for a huge seafood pasta and a sallad, that's good value.Wow!! We went for the first time tonight at 8:40 and they close at 9. We did not at all feel rushed or  unwelcome. Rather the opposite, the service was amazing, we had Erin as our server and she is GREAT! Food was amazing and so well priced. You could tell it was very fresh. They have some of the best staff, best food and atmospheres of any local restaurant. Thank you for the amazing service and laughs Erin-- and the entire staff for making our first but not last experiment great!
Will definitely be back!!!Yes, I am a fan because this is my first visit at an authentic New Orleans Restaurant. 
But it was on a recommendation from my Hotel front desk and when the server asked me if we were recommended by this specific hotel clerk (by name) it felt like it was a "biased" recommendation more than a recommendation from a good experience.
We arrived at 8pm and as the last guests for the night. 
Now, we did have a good food experience, Gumbo (gumbeaux) as an appetizer and a baked Red Drum filet as the main course. Bread pudding with some caramel sauce as a desert. All dishes were cooked in a way that I have never experienced in the USA before, so it really felt authentic.
Today we are moving into the French Quarters and food experience that visit will put Sassafras into a perspective.
Have to mention that Sassafras do not have any rights to serve alcohol, they said they were waiting for a permit.
The personnel at the restaurant were very nice and very helpful, which made me tip more than my average. 
The location of this restaurant, 2 miles north of I-10, not far east of The University of New Orleans, is next to a populated neighborhood area where i would not do not expect to find this kind of restaurant.This restaurant is awesome. Great food, great customer service. The gumbo is the best as is the stuffed bell peppers. A family favorite!Stop right there, thank you very much, I need some chicken with big flavor and crunch. 
Follow these steps: 
Drive to Sassafras.
Sit down.
Order the fried chicken IMMEDIATELY (cooked to order, takes at least 30 minutes)
Order some apps.
Wait patiently for amazing fried chicken.
Control your salivary glands when it lands on your table.
You will want to pick it up with your hands. DON'T...unless you like 3rd degree burns.
Finish whatever the hell came to your table first while it cools.
It's cool. Snag a piece with your fork. Plate it. 
Breathe it in.
Sink your teeth into the juiciest, flavorful and crunchiest fried chicken you will ever have the pleasure of eating.
Go home and cry because your meal is over.The food was absolutely terrific. The house salad w/ thousand island dressing was one of the best I've had. For an appetizer, we had the crab-cakes which were delicious. This was my first time having a stuff bell pepper with shrimp & crab but I'm glad I decided on it. If you go here, just be patient because the staff was really slow but nice.This place was a great find.  We had to run to Walmart and this was the place we found that was close by.  Fantastic southern food and friendly staff.  We got there a bit late and we did have to wait due to the fact that the restaurant was very full.  Our table had the Liver and Onions, Catfish Orleans and the Seafood Platter.  We shared tastes and all were very good.The bell pepper/yams/Mac & cheese dinner was sooo yummy & everyone's always so friendly!Came here for brunch. Wasn't bad, but wasn't great. Just average. Ordered the breakfast special which included waffle (not that great), bacon/sausage (pretty good), grits (not great), and eggs. Sampled my friends fried catfish which was decent. Overall this place is just okay. I'd like to come back for dinner and give them another chance. I've heard there lunch/dinner menu is pretty good.I will never, ever place an order from this restaurant again. This is my second time placing an order through Uber eats at sassafras and the second time there has been a problem with the order. I placed an order for chicken wings. One order for 12 wings. Ninety minutes later and I still have no chicken. I called the restaurant and was told that they don't control the waiting times placed on Uber....so who does? Terrible. They have the customers telephone numbers when you place an order through Uber eats because I have been called by restaurants when they were out of an item. And I can't cancel because I'll be charged for the food as the restaurant indicated that it's being prepared. They should have cancelled this order knowing they couldn't fulfill it in a reasonable time period. Two hours is unreasonable to wait for chicken wings.Went to Sassafras last Sunday for brunch. We got there a little after 10:30 am and were seated right away. By the time we left, the place was full of after-church diners.
I had a basic breakfast of eggs, grits and hot sausage (which they make in-house), and it was delicious. My partner had a hot sausage omelet that was excellent! Great food that seemed like home made, at a good price in a relaxing atmosphere.
The service was terrific. Our server, Akilah, was attentive and friendly.
Will definitely go back next time we're in the area.Don't let the outside of the restaurant fool you. It looks like just another chain restaurant, but we were surprisingly impressed! I can't express enough how delicious their food is. Everything we ordered was amazing. The gumbo was hands down the best I have ever had. The best part is everything is made to order. If you order fried chicken, you will literally need to wait 30 minutes, because it doesn't just sit under a heat lamp all day. Oh, and the baked macaroni was so cheesy and so good, I could make a meal off of it alone! my family and I were so stuffed after we left, we all needed to take naps!!!! Soooo good....I came in town for essence weekend and my friend recommended this place. I called to place my order over the phone due it being a sunday and being pushed for time. The young lady was very professional while taking my order. I ordered a Ceasar salad with grilled chicken, fried wings, and crabalinni. I asked the young lady if the chicken was really grilled and she told me yes. Before ending the call she asked to give them at least 25 minutes before pickup.
Upon arrival, you could barely get in the door or even find someone to assist you. After waiting patiently 10 minutes in the crowd i finally bogarted my way to a waiter to let her know i was there to pick up my order. She asked me my name and left. She returned 15 minutes later and i asked her can i cancel and she told me my order was being bagged as we speak so she took my money then returned 10 minutes later with "No Bags"!!!!! She said my order was coming as she gave me my card. The lady returned 20 minutes later with my bags. I scanned my bag quickly just to see if i had all my entrees then left the restaurant.
So when i arrived home. I opened my Ceasar Salad and i had some type of chicken however it was not grilled at all. I had no Ceasar dressing in my salad or in the bag. So clearly i was not satisfied. Then i also ordered some fried wings and crabalinni that was not seasoned at all. I was completely/totally disappointed.
 ***i try my best to support Blackowned Businesses however i was not satisfied at all.DO NOT GET TONY AS YOUR WAITER.. OVERCHARGES
Great food, was pricey in the beginning but I see the prices have went down. The manager Peter is very professional, he is a server as well which is weird. Please try the catfish plate !!! and the poboys are good as well.. Cant go wrong with the food...Great service, food came out in a timely manor and it didn't hurt that there was a Groupon for it. My food even came with a free drink just for checking in. This place was very clean and the owner is also very nice and friendly and will check up on you. Love the food and service at this placeThe only place that I could find online with liver and onions on the menu. Very clean and cute restaurant and friendly, sweet staff.While I was a UNO student dining options were always slim. Campus dining got boring quickly which had most of us going down the street to a shopping center with a Subway and a Quiznos. For what seemed like forever a storefront right by that Quiznos was being remodeled and had a "Sassafras Coming Soon" sign. Time passed and I'm sure Sassafras opened but I only seemed to have enough time between classes to get fast food.
Flash forward to this week when I find myself going to campus in the evening to meet with some professors in a professional capacity. I had an hours or so before our meeting and decided to relive my college days and have a sandwich. Soon as I pulled up by Quiznos I saw Sassafras and decided give it a try. I'm glad I did. The restaurant itself is small. There are four or five booths next to three or four tables on one area and a smaller area just off that with a single large table for 6-8 and some smaller tables for two. Decor is slightly upscale from most of the restaurants in the area.
Sassafras bills itself as "Creole and Soul Food". I'd say that's a pretty accurate description. The menu is filled with things like red beans, fried catfish, and shrimp every way you can imagine. I was immediately drawn to the fried oyster plate, but alas they were out of oysters that day. Instead I got a dinner special, chicken parmesan. The incredibly large chicken breast was lightly pan friend with a very peppery batter. It was served over a bed of spaghetti and marinara along with a salad and a roll. The salad was more than just the usual house salad that looks like it came out of a bag from the grocery. It was well composed and plated. The chicken breast was juicy and delicious with the peppered batter complimenting it well. The spaghetti and marinara were pretty standard, nothing special there but not bad in any way. The roll had some kind of honeyed butter on it that was delightful.
My entire meal, including an ice tea, was under $15 after taxes. For the large portion of good food and great setting that's a killer price.Soft shell crab is advertised and the waitress said it has not been available for approximately over a year.  The gumbo was not bad.  The shrimp were the tiny "salad shrimp" for lack of better description.  The rice was good and the seasoning was good.  I think they should offer tomatoes, mushrooms and other toppings for the side salads.  Lettuce, cheese and croutons were really plain.  The seafood pasta was seasoned EXCEPTIONALLY well.  The spaghetti noodles were the wrong noodles to use though.  A penne or bow tie or other type of noodle would really make this dish an exceptional dish.  The seafood platter was not bad.  It was an average fried seafood platter.The absolute WORST experience ever! Our server was RUDE, LOUD, and down right DISGUSTING. They need to hire some new staff. This was my first time coming here and I will NEVER come here again! We had a very large party so the wait time is understandable but to wait 30 minutes before being asked for a drink order, another 20 minutes to get said drink is unacceptable. When I finally ordered my food, it took an hour for my appetizer and another 30 minutes for my entree. When my entree came it was wrong and then the waitress had an attitude about it like I cooked it. All in all this was the worst experience!! And I will NEVER go back to Sassafrass again!Found it on Groupon and I can honestly say this is one of the best groupons I have ever bought. Our waitress Erin was amazing. She was friendly and attentive. We were sat within minutes and drinks a couple minutes later. Man o man!! It's so good I wanted to take a plate to go. I had pork chops rice and green beans. Pork chop was fried to perfection. Seriously! Green beans were fresh with garlic and seasoning not just out of a can or frozen. I'm a county girl from Texas and my Granny taught me how to fry a chop so I feel like a pork chop expert. Hubby had fried catfish, fried shrimp, and potato salad. Huge portion. Both fried to perfection, great crunch!!!! Only bad part here is we live in Dallas and they are in New Orleans. Love and seasoning has to be their secret.Love the atmosphere! The food and the staff were great!!
Off the beaten path in a nice area away from the busy quarters. Perfect!
Will be one of my places to eat when I'm in NOLA.Okay, okay what shall I say.  First time here and we were seated promptly, as it was not extremely busy so this lends to my next point. Why did it take so long for the food to come out?  I won't go too hard on them because my server looked to be stressed out handling two of the four tables with patrons, (po thang). I ordered a shrimp and oyster po boy dressed and it was my absolute first time eating a po boy in New Orleans since moving here December 2012 (for shame, I know). I'm on the Westbank and heard there were some great po boy joints here but I choose to err on the side of caution when deciding a venue for my food and a junky gas station is not one , no thank you, I pass.  Anyway, my po boy from Sassafras was actually very good. A little salty for my liking but fresh, crisp and delectable on a buttery toasted French roll.  The portion size was pretty massive as I had to bring the other half home with me.  It came with fries and I ordered the mac n cheese which was good as well. I always have to taste folks mac n cheese to see if it's better than mine and it wasn't but hey, I gave them an "E" for effort lol.  Okay, that was petty.  Anyway, I'd definitely return and order more from their menu. There are certainly plenty of New Orleans staples to choose from but overall I enjoyed it.Off the beaten path, but certainly worth the trip. The stuffed peppers were awesome.  As were the fried pork chops and sides. Best of all, was the homemade peach cobbler that had my party considering kidnapping somebody's grandma.Off the chain!!! Chicken was good, pork chop was good and the peach cobbler make you wanna slap somebody!!!Erin provided exceptional service. The food was great. Only downside was that the portions aren't as big as expected. I had the catfish grill.The food here is amazing! The waiter we had was very hospitable. My kids loved the places (this never happens lol) and it was all thanks to the cookie that was put on the plate with their meal. We can't wait to return to try everything on the menu.Sassafras offers good, local food in an area that doesn't have many options. It's a great place to grab a meal if you're in the UNO area and don't want fast food.First off, thanks Yelp! 4.5 stars in 7 reviews? What do you people eat? Air and water? 
I wouldn't take my dogs here (okay, I love them more than most people, but still... they would probably be content to gnosh down some viddles from this joint... if they ever received them). FSK THIS PLACE, IT SUCKS... now on to the more eloquent review:
Why would I not return? I'd love to tell you it was because the food sucked, but that's not the case. The problem is that 50 minutes after ordering I still didn't know what the hell it tasted like.
Our waitress took the drink orders promptly. We ordered promptly. We were on lunch and expected to see food promptly. 25 minutes after we placed our order, we had nothing to show for it... I asked about the status of our meal and was given the classic,"It's comin' right up, yours is next!"
5 minutes later I prompted our waitress again with a polite inquiry,"We've got to be back to work within 30 minutes (we had a web presentation for which we could NOT be late). Her response this time was,"Okay, 3 of the 4 plates are ready. I can bring those out now if you don't mind waiting on the fourth." I said sure... now this is where the story gets amazing.
The four plates were as follows:
Liver and onions with corn and mashed potatoes.
Oyster Po-Boy with french fries
Jambalaya plate with fried chicken wings
Cheeseburger with bacon + candied Yams (substitution for french fries).
Which 3 out of four would you expect to see when she returned from the kitchen another 5 minutes later? Speculation was rampant amongst myself and the out of towners I took here on business (silly me).
Out of the kitchen came everything but the hamburger, which I was assured would be right out. 10 minutes later I asked about the hamburger and was told that it would be right out. Finally, the burger arrived and it was a burger on a bun with veggies. No bacon. No cheese.
I was the lucky recipient of the burger (at least my out of towners didn't have to go hungry... I picked this place based on Yelp! reviews, I should bare the burden most heavily). I immediately explained that this was not what I had ordered. At this point we had to be back at work in 8 minutes. The check was already paid for and I told them to keep the damned burger since they couldn't get anything right with it.
So I write this review with an empty belly and nothing but venom to spit for this place... the real kicker? Our waitress' excuse was,"We've got someone new on the grill who's never dealt with a lunch rush before."
Really? You're telling me that this incompetent individual at the grill couldn't comprehend the concept behind dropping a meat patty on the hot surface and flipping it once? Screw this place. I won't be back. They didn't even offer to discount the meal items we actually received. Screw this place... my empty belly encourages far more repugnant thoughts to wish on the establishment, but my brain's got me in check.Food is excellent. Service can be a little slow at times. We've been there twice so far.  I will definitely come back. Just not when I have somewhere else to be!Very good food!! We had very pleasant and prompt service. The food came out quickly and tasted amazing. I brought my whole family and they loved it. And it's a black owned restaurant!!This is an amazing place to eat just be prepared for a little wait for food prep. I've eaten here multiple times and have tried everything from the Sassy Burger to local southern fares like greens and seafood. This is definitely a repeat favorite for me.Food was ok. Boyfriend had fried pork chop with corn and mash potatoes and I had the catfish New Orleans with shrimp creole sauce. Service was excellent and attentive. Bill was $40 including tax and tip. So prices are affordable. Might need to look into changing up the seasonings. Will update again once I've had their brunch menu.The food is really good and at a good price. The service was horrible! Had to eat my meal without a drink the entire time. When we were finally able to flag down our waitress she gave us attitude about us asking for a refill. Not a single waiter/ waitress came to check on us. One of our meals came with a salad we never got. There was an older lady, who we assume was the owner, running back and forth and never once stopped at our table. Would never come eat here again.If I could give this 0 starts I would. I waited 2 hours for my food & on top of that the waitresses were incredibly rude. Had to go to the kitchen to ask for a refill & the waitress spilled drinks on us TWO DIFFERENT TIMES LOL IM LITERALLY LAUGHING BC OF THIS EXPERIENCE WHAT CAN YOU DOI was served spoiled potatoe salad and the service was poor. I will not come back to this establishment.Great food for a reasonable price. Service was nice. We ordered a fried catfish plate and fried shrimp plate. Both were very good and serviced with delicious garlic infused string beans, potato salad, and baked macaroni.Not too thrilled with this place. The food was good, but the portions were small compared to other similar restaurants, especially for the price you pay. With so many seafood-cajun choices in the area, you'd think they'd be a little more competitive. My drink was empty the entire time...it wasn't refilled once through out the whole meal. 
The reason I'm a bit miffed is because they did not honor the Groupon I bought and paid for. They refused it on some technicality that was not clearly defined on the Groupon itself. I have never, not ONCE been refused the use of a Groupon at any business. I've purchased hundreds of Groupons over the years in multiple states, and this was the first place that would not honor it. So two stars for the good, but overpriced food. Zero stars for the poor customer service that does not honor what it advertisers. Do yourself a favorite and eat at one of the other thousands of cajun-seafood restaurants in the area and get more for your money.Good food, HORRIBLE service!
The condensed version of the following super long review: the food is amazing, but this is NOT a restaurant for large groups. The manager (owner?), Ms. Irma, THREW my family's receipt at them as they were trying to figure out how to divide it.  Further, the waiters could use better instruction on professionalism.
In April, I booked Sassafras for dinner for 40 people after my law school graduation ceremony in May. I was told up front that the establishment held tables for a 15 minute grace period and that they could separate only so many checks per table, all of which was fine with me. The reason I chose the restaurant is because it's Black-owned and didn't charge an advanced fee to reserve tables for such a large group. 
In the weeks leading up to the event, I spoke with Ms. Irma three or four times. On the day before the dinner, I contacted Ms. Irma again to ensure that all was set for the next day. I confirmed that I still had 40 people coming and Ms. Irma reiterated the rules, to which I agreed. 
On the day of the event, my family and I arrived about 12 minutes early. Everyone stood/sat outside and I went in to check on the status of the tables and inform them that we'd already arrived. We were allowed inside at about 4:28 (our reservation was for 4:30.) 
The first issue arose with the seating. Two long tables and three booths were set aside for us. Ms. Irma refused to let my party choose between the tables and booths, insisting that we fill the tables first. Then, I guess we weren't seating ourselves quickly enough, so we were fussed at several times as though we were children. Indeed, one member of my party attempted to sit in a booth because it was better for her physical condition and Ms. Irma was so insistent that she stay at a table that she left because she felt disrespected. 
The next issue arose with the service. One person at my booth ordered a raspberry tea and it never arrived, though she was charged for it. Our drinks were never refilled. When I asked questions about the menu, Christian, our waiter, seemed annoyed that I had questions. I ordered yams, but they also never arrived. Our dinner rolls arrived with the meal instead of before. Another booth was served fairly late (I expected a wait because of the size of the group), but as soon as their food was served, their waiter was already trying to give them their checks and to-go boxes, so they weren't really able to sit and eat and enjoy themselves. I felt that we were all a bit rushed in our eating, even though most of our time was spent waiting for our food. 
All of this could have been avoided. I made this reservation one month in advance, so the restaurant had time to prepare. I would have appreciated it if the restaurant had simply told me they weren't prepared to service such a large group. Further, as my party was entering, the restaurant was finishing up with two other parties and trying to get a catering order out the door. Had they asked us to wait outside for an additional 10 minutes, even though we were on time, they possibly could have cut down on some of the confusion that they seemed to feel. 
On a positive note, the food was divine! I had the half and half seafood plate with catfish and shrimp. The portions are huge and the seafood is well-seasoned and cooked, so I really appreciated that! 
If Sassafras better trained its wait staff and Ms. Irma exercised a bit more patience in dealing with large groups (or simply declined to host such large groups), the restaurant would be a lot better off. Overall, my family enjoyed their meals, but definitely not the service, as they felt more like inconveniences than valued customers. Indeed, I later discovered that Ms. Irma threw my family's receipt at one table simply because they were trying to work out how to divide the receipt and she lost all semblance of patience. 
Though the food is good, I would never eat here again after the way my family was disrespected.We visited this past Saturday during Essence fest. We waited for 2 hours and no food was brought to us.  When I spoke to the manager she said my food would not be served for more than 20 mo mins.  The service was ridiculous. The waitress was no where to be found.  I understand it was busy but there were people around us who got there after us and received their food.  Me, my daughter and friends we starving and had to leave. If you are hungry and want to eat in a timely manner DO NOT EAT AT THIS RESTAURANT!!Excellent food at a very reasonable price.  As good or better than anything in the Quarter.  On site parking too.Awesome home-cooked southern food. This place was recommended by a girl at our hotel and it didn't disappoint. I ordered the catfish platter and it was amazing. We had the bread pudding and it was divine as well....order it with a side of ice cream....so good! 
Went back two days later and got the seafood platter. Even if you're hungry, order the regular platter because it's huge. Green beans are packed with flavor, mashed potatoes were alright.
This will be my go to if I ever make it back to NOLA. Only downside is that there isn't red beans and rice on the regular menu. It's been hard to find on this trip.My husband and I made a stop here when an relative made the recommendation. The food is amazing and the servers are outstanding. They really go out of their way to make you feel comfortable and at home. I know that sounds like it goes without saying, but that's often not the case. Sassafras is a must if you are ever in New Orleans.I had the fish and grits. The fish was great, grits could have been better but overall it was good. Service was nice and the wait time was not bad. There was plenty to choose from on the menu. I will be back to try more!PISS POOR SERVICE! I placed an order and specifically asked if it was too late and was told no (8:36PM). My son and I arrived and upon his arrival, told the greeter his name 3 times and that he was picking up his order. After waiting an hour (9:49PM), I was told the kitchen was closed and that he would, "see what he could do". Excuse me! After an hour?!? Then I hear someone in the back complaining about why I'm upset. Really?!? Be mad at the person who took my order. DIS NOT input my order in the system, and had me waiting an hour to tell me there was no order. HOW DARE YOU?!? My first time attempting to purchase food and this is the outcome?!? No food and left EXTREMELY UPSET! Maybe you will but I will not ever come here again! If you provided a HORRIBLE experience to me my first time, I'm done. Especially with the remarks the staff in the back made.The food taste pretty good but the service is SLOW.... I went early on a Saturday and the place was pretty empty. It took them 40 minutes from making my order to bring out the salad. Then an additional 35 min or so to bring out the food. I would only go back if I don't have absolutely nothing to do for the rest of the evening. They should work on their service times.
I would rate them 3.5 stars if I could but decided to round up.Our waitress was awesome very professional and sweet.  The catfish was cooked perfectly and battered well.  The asparagus was very tasty.  The tea was bland.  
The downfall was half of our party had to wait over 20 minutes for vegetables  that were left off by mistake. The the order of bread pudding took 39 minutes.  But the staff was very nice.On the recommendation of my hotels front desk we came here for dinner. So glad we did! Catfish was amazing, light breading, flavorful. The fried chicken is brined before hand and will probably go down as one of my top 5 fried chicken dishes ever. Rolls were light and fluffy and bread pudding dessert was yummy. Friendly staff and good service. Great restaurant if you want to go where locals eat.Went during Sunday brunch. The praline waffle was ok. It had a good taste. I think the waffle could've been a little softer. It came with a side of grits, bacon & sausage. Pretty good. My daughter had the crab cakes & pasta. Very goodexcellent food, ordered 2 different meals and friend and I split them so we could try everything we wanted.  out of the way spot but definitely a local place, seemed to be some regulars who come often.Nice little neighborhood restaurant near Lakefront airport for my fellow flyers.  Your typical creole style selections. I stopped in here for a quick lunch.  I started with a bowl of the gumbo. It had good flavor with the just the right amount of kick. For my entree I had the regular size seafood platter. I enjoyed it but it wasn't anything spectacular. The atmosphere is nice and service was prompt.  They could probably stand to have a couple of more lunch specials. But overall it's a good restaurant if you happen to already be in the area.This was an horrible experience.. First it took us 20 mins to get served with a half full restaurant, then when our drinks were brought to us me and my son drinks had mold floating in our drinks. I asked the waitress why is this, and she simply told me "they don't clean the drink machine" after that i was lost for words and just asked for bottled water. Later, when my crab cakes comes out 30 mins later (which was supposed to be an appetizer) my son bit into one, and spit out something hard and silver, i have no idea of what it could have been..I asked to speak to the owner, and i was told that he was too busy. I just told the waitress "thank you for your services, i know it's not your fault but i will not be returning" ..Great music.  Average ambiance.  No wait...
Sort of like a restaurant/granny's kitchen all mixed in one.  It was nippy inside the restaurant & although I was enjoying my company, the frosty-ness was a bit much for me; but I'm always cold, so it's relative.
The food was like Campbell's Soup, ummmm ummmmmm & finger licking good.  And while too heavy for lunch, this would be perfect for dinner or if you're sharing your lunch. #sharingiscaring & much needed for your waistline.
I found service to fair, however, it should've been a little better since it was only a few of us in the restaurant; but apparently this is the norm. 
Talk about home cooked food... yesssssssss lil Susie, this is it.  If you want a home cooked meal... then here's your place.  
Moved from New Orleans East & now located in the strip mall next to Chimes/UNO college bookstore & near Rouses; this location is BETTER for me (#selfishSusie) & more accessible.  Shared parking lot, provides ample parking, although not in the corner where the restaurant is located, but still ample.Me and my family came to this restaurant
Visiting from Alabama 
I came in with my mother and son. Bought a Groupon 4 for forty online. I told them when we came in that it was me, my mother and my son eating at the restaurant.
They told me it would be fine and should have specified we needed 4 entrees to use the groupon
They didn't even try to honor my grouponIf you want flavor and incredible fresh food go here! They had a great selection that was perfect for everyone in the party.  The redfish was packed with flavor and everyone raved about what they had (pasta, salmon, Mac n cheese, asparagus, etc)Overall:3+
I actually found this place on Yelp and went checked it out.  Generally speaking it is pretty good. Relaxing atmosphere, clean, attentive staff and very reasonable prices. One thing I really like about this place is that it seems that they cook food their food they way they like it and are not just trying to provide a dish to the common denominator. They do like their seasonings.
I had the gumbo which I enjoyed but I don't think I would recommend to others because it is a bit too peppery.  Like I said, I personally enjoyed eating it because I like eating different gumbos but I wouldn't order this one in particular again.  
For an entree' I had the Redfish along with sweet potatoes and green beans.  Similar, like the gumbo, I liked it but would not order it again. The sides were really good.
I would come here again and probably pick one of the daily specials. Good place, great neighborhood restaurant.
Value: 4
Product Quality: 3
Service Quality: 4.5
Overall Experience: 3.5
Would I recommend?: YesNice small restaurant but give them time because if you are in a hurry go elsewhere.  
Great food as our group had no complaints.  Shrimp, fried pork chops, chicken sandwich, and salads were all ordered.I started with the fried pickles. They were delicious. Hot and crunchy. I also order the fried chicken plate with a side salad and mac and cheese. The chicken was so hot it burnt my fingers. Everything was delicious, I would definitely return.I had been waiting FOREVER for this location to open, because Gentilly deserves it.  Finally, the doors opened not long before I left my beloved N.O.; and I had a great meal, as I anticipated. 
The first time I went, I had stuffed peppers which did the trick.  They were very nicely cooked and seasoned, just like a Creole food fan wants it.  The second time I went, I had seafood pasta, which was also predictably delicious.  Obviously, every time I visit N.O., Sassafras is going to be one of the places I'll have to try to hit.  I want to get the smothered okra next time I'm there.  The prices are very reasonable, too.
The only thing that drives me nuts is the place is so small and the parking is a little inconvenient.  Neither is a deal-breaker, obviously. :-)One of my favorite neighborhood restaurants! Some of the best fried chicken ever. Everyone here always seems genuinely happy you came. I've never had a bad dish here. This is not the place to go for a quick bite because everything is cooked to order so it is hot and fresh. Sit back, chill and enjoy a nice meal.Second time ordering take out and disappointed again. The fried chicken is supposed to be so good but it's not even on their menu online? So I ordered it over the phone along with the gumbo, Mac and cheese and wings appetizer. The fried chicken was 4 piece fried chicken and 3 of the 4 pieces of chicken were so salty that it prompted me to make first and only review ever on yelp. The only piece that was ok was the breast after I removed the salt infested skin. My wife had the gumbo and the Mac and cheese and she enjoyed both. I am still drinking beer to wash the salt away. 46 dollars for everything that I ordered and I DEFINITELY will not be back for the chicken. 
Service was excellent. Courteous staff and fasTA decent Cajun/Creole restaurant. 
Ambiance: Sassafras has a nice location in a strip mall on the perimeter of Rouses with big umbrella shades in front of the entrance. It has a tiny entrance with tables on one side and booths on the opposite side. It has a nice casual feel about the restaurant. However, what bothered me the most was the acetone smell throughout the restaurant. Apparently, Sassafras is located next to a nail salon and spa and the acetone smell just permeated throughout the whole restaurant. 
Food: We finally decided on the Fried Eggplant Stack as appetizer and Crabellini and Cajun Baked Redfish with side of Mac and Cheese and Asparagus for entrees. The Fried Eggplant Stack came with a delicious sauce that reminded me of Raisin' Cane's sauce. The egglants were well-seasoned and crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. It was a pretty good appetizer. The Crabellini was also decent. The crab cakes were delicious and the pasta was again very well seasoned. I enjoyed both of these dishes and would recommend. The Cajun Baked Redfish was my least favorite. It was seasoned well with a dry rub but the fish itself was very dry. The mac and cheese and asparagus sides were both basic. Overall, food was decent for Cajun/Creole dishes; however, they were not phenomenal. 
Service: We were greeted and then seated at our booth. The waiter was at first very nice. He was helpful and gave us recommendations on what to eat. He delivered our plates quickly and efficiently; however, he never checked up on us again. He did not refill our glasses with water and our plates were left on our table for a while. When he finally came back and asked for the check, he then took about 20-30 minutes to give us the check, even though he handed out checks to other patrons. The restaurant was not extremely busy (about 70% full) and there were 2 waiters and 1 waitress who handled a relatively small restaurant on a weekday. We finally got our check and paid. The manager was the one who asked us how we were doing and cleared our table for us. 
Final thoughts: The restaurant itself is very nice with casual dining tables and decorated well with simple Cajun decor. However, the acetone smell threw me off and the service was moderate to subpar. The food was decent for Cajun/Creole dishes but not something I would crave if I wanted Cajun/Creole food.We had the eggplant and shrimp special and pecan salmon special with crab cakes for an app. I'd do it all again...it's really good.  Service was outstanding and everyone worked as a team to make us feel welcomed and serve us. Akilah did an outstanding job and was very personable and knowledgeable. Great experience!best gumbo I have ever ordered in New Orleans from a sit down restaurant! haven't found anything else on the menu that I like as much.Mediocre at best. Fried chicken on the greasy side.  Mac and cheese average. Burger ok, but the croissant was a nice touch...onion rings on the burger were horrible .Can't beat great creole seasoning. I love going out to eat& not having to add anything extra to my food. Everything was perfection. Especially the crab cakes! Only 4 stars because I couldn't order mustard greens as a side :(Had an accidental lunch here and am very happy that we stumbled upon this place. The service was outstanding. (Ask for Danielle - you won't be disappointed!) Our food came out promptly and was all delicious. The servings were plentiful. We had enough for 2 to-go boxes when we were done.
The only real problem we had was their alcohol selection - beer and wine only, and the wine was Yellow Tail (yuck!).
The fried pickles were perfect. The batter was not too salty as some are - I mean, the pickles are salty enough, right?
I always love when I'm asked how I like my burger cooked. This one came out exactly as ordered - medium rare - and was extremely well seasoned.
The catfish was lightly breaded, moist and flaky. The green beans were excellent (not canned, btw). I subbed Pontilly Potatoes for the mac and cheese and was not disappointed.
I don't love TVs in restaurants but the sound was turned down so we weren't disturbed while we ate.
All in all it was a delicious lunch and we will return.Best customer service! The host observed my youngest son wasn't pleased with his meal and     came to the table and asked if it's anything he can do to . That's when you care for your customers! We will  definitely be  eating and recommending Sassafras again. The food was delicious and plentiful. The restaurant was decorated pretty and had a peaceful feeling inside.Literally the worst burgers I've seen - not eaten, mind you; because I couldn't!  Yes, everyone has a bad day or a bad experience from any restaurant, from time to time. I kept this in mind and gave them the benefit of the doubt. But when getting the second meal that was soo under cooked, I feared getting sick, I lost my faith in these people. Please check your food if you decide to take it out.Love everything we've gotten here. You name it, we've tried it!! Seafood, fried chicken, liver and onions, beef, salads, gumbo....awesome New Orleans desserts....everything. We have also brought friends who have gone back again and again. Great service, great food.The food is down home and very good. In my opinion the place closes way too early, but if you can make it you will be very happy with your order.My husband and I ordered our food to go because our kids were asleep in the car and we didn't want to wake them.  At first I was worried that it was be a problem but the host was happy to help. He got a seafood pasta and seafood gumbo, and I got a stuffed green pepper that had been seasoned and cooked to perfection and crabcakes.
It just have to take a second to point to out that the dipping sauce that was included with the crabcakes was so exquisite. I will be thinking of those crabcakes and it's dipping sauce for years to come.Very nice atmosphere with great service and good food as well. I have a muffuletta which was amazing. Everyone else seemed to love their food as well and the appetizers were also delicious.Got a Groupon and tried it. Erin was our waitress and very attentive and quick with everything. Even brought my wife's steak out and said she wouldn't let them put it under the light. I had catfish Orleans over pasta - it was fantastic!  Definitely be back!I don't know...I ordered the crabellini and the watery pasta noodles thinned the sauce which already wasn't rich tasting as described in the menu. The crab cakes on the crabellini dish was meh at the best. Bland and smothered in oily sauce that it lost its valuable crispiness. I felt sick from overwhelming oil that did not mix with the watery pasta.  Fried pickles was okay.  Grilled catfish wasn't impressive. A side was a few steamed broccolis and bland potato salad. Noting fancy at quite fancy price. I give one more star for the nice waitress.Exactly what we were hoping to find in the heart of New Orleans. Restaurant is well decorated, spotlessly clean, and the staff was attentive and respectful. We had brunch as well as the creamy seafood pasta. Everything was fantastic! The savory items were well seasoned and very fresh. While the brunch was light and fluffy. The portion sizes were Louisiana plenty. This was a great stop that we would recommend!One of my favorite places, which is off the beaten path. It's a favorite amongst the locals because of the great service, large tasty servings and reasonable prices.I've driven past this place several times but never noticed it. Just went on a friend's recommendation. The portions were very large--great soul food, great service, nice ambience.Updated review: Rude service! I've been here quite a few times but this time did it for me! Hostess was beyond rude and very sarcastic. Waited 30 minutes for a table of 2 when there were several empty booths. Then young waiter (Christian) LITERALLY ran out after me once I left the restuarant and claimed I did not leave him enough money for a tip and demanded that I give him more. I did not appreciate being chased and chastised outside of the establishment, nor did I appreciate the manner in which he approached me. Sadly, I will not be back to Sassafras on Leon C. Simon again!I had one of the top 10 meals of my life ( that my momma didn't cook) here.  This place will be on my must stop list any time I get close to NOLA.  Very comfortable. Prices are very reasonable for favor and size. No liquor and no wine or beer.  
I had something with fried catfish corn cake crawfish ettouffee that blew my mind. Must try. You will be impressed and full. Thank me laterThe food was surprisingly very good. The restaurnt was very clean and cute and the waiter was friendly and prompt. If I was in the area I would definately stop in here! Good food, large portions!The environment is a romantic one. Even though you can bring family it is very quiet and has soft blues, oldies and jazz music. The servers are very friendly and very helpful. The food here is definitely closest to homecooked as you can get. Would definitely recommend this play for anyone wanting to try a taste of the south.One of my co-workers took me to Sasafras for dinner to get me out of my hotel. This place is amazing. From the service to the food. The sweetest hostess greeted us at the door and sat us right away. We ordered our food with Tony and it was delicious. They have the best string beans that I have ever eaten. They were absolutely delicious. I wanted to kiss the chef. We arrived around 330p and were not aware that they were closing at 4p. They never rushed us even after they closed. It was so yummy.We went here for dinner.  My husband and I wanted to try the fried oysters and also crawfaddy's.  We got the oysters as an appetizer and I got a pasta dish with crawdaddys and shrimp.  My husband got their ribeye steak.  All of it was good.  I really enjoyed the oysters more than anything and will have them again!Our hotel recommended this restaurant - Excellent catfish, shrimp and chicken dinners.I went here on a Groupon. I Had the bellpepper plate w/ mac and cheese & potatoes. The stuffed bellpepper was tasty and full of meat & seafood. My friend had the pan seared catfish but it tasted like Swai the Chinese catfish & unfortunately for the time it took to arrive the middle of the fish the thicker section was raw. This wasn't noticed until the next day eating off the leftovers.  The service was friendly & nola slow but I enjoyed my food & visit.A hidden gem. Very nice restaurant. I'm from out of town, but was here on my birthday :) The waiter was very nice, very helpful. I had the shrimp po'boy. Best shrimp po'boy I've ever had. The fries were perfect. The bread was fresh and soft and I think grilled in butter, so it had a little yummy, buttery crunch. Perfectly cooked fried shrimp. My boyfriend had gumbo and the seafood platter. We were both very full and happy. No room for dessert. Maybe should have took dessert to go. I'm pretty sure I saw Sassafrass on Uber Eats, too- so if you don't feel like driving, and you're not too far away, you can have your food delivered.I've eaten at this place once while visiting home.  It's really good and the prices are very reasonable.  Very tasty gumbo for a restaurant.In town for NYE and we had a Groupon to dine here. Definitely a good choice!!! The service was good, we had a nice young man who was very accommodating & gave us suggestions. I had the fried seafood platter. It had catfish, shrimp, scallops, & mussels on it. It was good. Even eaten cold, which I hate, the food was delicious. They have a nice small space, but it's comfy & cozy. I'd refer them and I'd definitely go back if in town again.Seriously good. This little restaurant is tucked into a strip plaza and at first glance, appears to be a fast food place. My husband and I dove in for a quick meal while vacationing in New Orleans. This place was so, so good. We both ordered the specials - the pecan salmon and the eggplant/shrimp parm. Both were delicious. But above everything the service was A+. Akilah was warm and personable. She knew the menu to perfection. The service didn't end with Akilah. All the staff seemed to work together to keep the tables bussed, the drinks filled, and the food coming. Overall a great experience!!played it safe and got a burger. Nothing special. My other party members enjoy their foodI used 2 come here every Sunday because of the Groupon promotion. Now I cringe just to enter the building. There is a revolving door of servers & managers because the service is ALWAYS horrible. Even though the light skinned guy with the ponytail no matter how terrible his service... just keeps kicking! At max there will be 30 patrons seated. And you will wait about an hour for your food. Today we waited 43 mins just for our drinks. They always seem so overwhelmed & a lot of times don't even have the food in the restaurant to cook. Like they run out it's crazy. Sooo pretty much, cheap food crappy service. I guess you get what you pay for.As soon as we walked the hostess just stared at us and didn't even greet us. The first thing out her mouth was that there was no salad and fried foods available! Okay well that's majority of the menu. Anyway we proceeded to dine in I ordered the seafood pasta and it was decent nothing to write home about.I had lunch there today with my two daughters.  The oyster cobb salad was great.  Portion size was great and the oysters were fried to my liking.  This place is truly a hidden gem.  We will definitely be returning.  Service and food was excellent.This place is a hidden gem. Before our visit to NOLA my girlfriend purchased a Groupon for this restaurant & I have to say that it was a great decision. We made reservations prior  and upon our arrival, we were greeted by the hostess and seated immediately. Our waiter was a young gentleman & he did a great job recommending dishes and serving us as well. We both enjoyed the "Crabelleni". The portions were big & the food was delicious. Would definitely recommend to anyone in NOLA.Service was impeccable. A lot of attention to detail and very attentive. Super friendly staff 
The food was great. I had the Roch pasta and it was delicious, albeit very rich. I couldn't even finish the half portion. 
I'm not a native here, but I'd definitely come back if I was.Food: 4.5 stars
Service 5 stars
Ambiance: 5 stars
The food is well seasoned and delicious. The restaurant is clean and rather gorgeous. The staff is friendly and efficient. What else can one ask for?The service was really good. My waitress was attentive and quite cheerful. The others working could learn from her. 
The food was pretty good. I had the Chicken Bernard. It had a lot of seasoning and had some kick. The potatoes were a bit suspect.The food was delicious and well prepared. My fiance and I really enjoyed the ambiance, food, and service. We will gladly come back again and look forward to eating here again.This is the best food we've had at this price point in New Orleans. The fried chicken and shrimp platters are huge and super delicious! Try the catfish Orleans if you're looking for a nice pasta dish loaded with flavor. The owner even came out to chat with us. She's a very nice lady. Definitely come try Sassafras!Just ordered whatever their daily special was and it was AMAZING. Too bad I don't live around here otherwise I would definitely return.Food was great, service was a little slow, but again the food was GREAT so it was so worth the wait. The staff was very friendly. I will definitely be back.Came here on a Tuesday afternoon and was happily seated by one of the servers. I ordered the Crabellini and it came with a complimentary salad. I also ordered the Chicken Bernard with Pontilly Potatoes and Sauteed Asparagus for takeout. 
The food came out piping hot and looked delicious! The Crabellini was definitely a great deal because I was only able to finish half of it and save the rest for later. It came with a good amount of pasta, crawfish tails, and 2 crab cakes. The crab cakes were wider and thinner than I'm used to, but very enjoyable. The Chicken Bernard was also a really good choice and seemed like a great post-workout meal. 
Overall, their food was seasoned well and it felt like a family was serving you at their house. The staff was very kind, welcoming, and hard working.For months I've been contemplating visiting this place cause I stay so close I never  came because I didn't know what kind of food they served. Well, hunger, noting wanting to cook, and a desire for something close and non-fast related drove me to this visit. 
Sevice: Friendly
Environment: Small, but neat and pleasant. 
Prices: Reasonable
Food: I loved it. I found exactly what I was craving which was a stuffed bell pepper. The food was a good size...more than I could eat. ( I think I might've gotten a extra stuff bell pepper). The only reason why is not 5 stars is because the bell pepper was cold in the middle. I didn't expect them to be made to order because they are a lot of work but I was still disappointed my the coldness.
Overall, it's a great place to eat and I definitely will visit again.Very nice but they are so slow when you Take out an order !!! I literally waited an HOUR for my meal. You need to improve the service !!!!Delicious food and friendly service. The St. Roch Seafood Pasta was rich and creamy. Highly recommend ending your meal with the decadent bread pudding.Sassafras Pontchartrain Catering Package was a great hit at my mother's surprise party. Everyone raved on the crab balls and blackened chicken alfredo pasta!  The owners and chef were great, they just need a better support staff and larger space.Excellent customer service and all of our meals were scrumptious.  Eggplant sticks, ribs, yams, pork chops and shrimp alfredo.  Homemade salad dressings and Arnold Palmers.  Portion sizes makes the price a good value.Just left the restaurant. Food 5 stars, waiter 5 stars, 'manager-minus 5 stars!! Mouthy and disrespectful!The food was DELICIOUS! The service was so horrible that we'll never come back. Such a shame.My family of four from MI stopped here for dinner. Waitress was excellent but there was only 4 or 5 tables at the time.  Food was delivered timely with very large portions.  3 of us order the fried chicken and I ordered the shrimp PO-boy.  Got about 1/4 of it down and took the rest home.  Started with a delicious cup of gumbo.Food was good and the service was excellent. I would definitely try this restaurant again. I would suggest you take the route along the lake front if your coming from the west.Poor service. Always out out of multiple menu items and are never apologetic or accommodating. Both dine in and Uber eats service are equally atrocious. Will never EVER attempt to eat here again, which is sad since this is one of the few restaurants so close to my home.Been to the CBD location twice already . The inside of the restaurant is very welcoming . Wait staff very attentive.  Had a slight glitch with my order, however. Wait staff did keep me informed of the status of my order so that is a plus. . Husband had Catfish platter.  That was one of the best he has had.  When I received my Po Boy, I do have to say, it truly was worth the wait. . I received a side order of macaroni and cheese and that was really tasty as well.  
A few days later, we went there for breakfast.  Oh my gosh !  My BLT with an egg and breakfast potatoes were just divine ! Husband had a crawfish , shrimp omelette.  
So good .   Can't wait to go there again . !
Came back from a trip and stopped in here.  About 6:15 pm. Huge Sign in their window for  a special of 6 inch po boy , fries and a soft drink.  Ordered grilled shrimp po boy and told that special  was lunch only . Server  went into the kitchen came back several minutes later and I was told they ran out of po boy bread but they could put it in a hamburger bun. Ummm.. if I am going to pay $13.00 I would like it proper bread.  So I tell the girl no thank you and spouse had dessert .  Wowza !   The waitress was ticked off and actually rude .   Wait a minute ... we were the only people there .  They will not make it if they don't step it up.The catfish and grits was a good choice. Catfish fried to absolute perfection. Place very busy and staff friendly.Very good! This was the first place we came to eat on our trip to New Orleans! The staff were very nice and patient, despite us being pretty indesisive. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because the fried fish, made my stomach hurt. And I have eaten loads of fried foods, and none of the other fried seafood platters I had on our trip did that. It was delicious, but left me feeling nauseous. And their sweet tea was also a lot sweeter than I had expected. But otherwise everything pretty much tasted good, and made for a pretty great introduction to New Orleans food.The crab cakes were nice. Four came with the order, and it wasn't mostly breaking- there was a decent amount of crab in each cake. #Yum
The gumbo was spicy, a little too spicier than I would like. It wasn't bad it tasted really good. 
The bread weird. I don't understand why it had all that butter on top of it. Plus they should have given us butter for the bread, usually they give butter, not dose the bread with it beforehand. 
The salads good. It's not just iceberg lettuce so that's good. 
The ribs were delish- I got a full rack and only finished half like a rookie #BigEyesTinyStomach The homemade bbq sauce was also very tasty. The St. Roch Pasta was good. It's really rich and they give you a lot of seafood in it.
The waitress was friendly enough. She knew when our drinks were low, that was good. The ambiance is nice, I like the artwork. Plus they have two televisions with the olympics on it. #TeamworkGood southern, creole food! They have a counter/bar, which is where I sat for dinner. They have plenty of tables and large windows to people watch. However, the food is the main attraction, obviously! There was no real wait for the food--the order was taken quickly, and the food was filling my nostrils and tummy minutes later lol. 
The etouffee was really good! Literally didn't want the dish to end. It was so flavorful and the rice was perfect. 
The stuff bell pepper came highly recommended by the waiter. Man, she hit it on the head!! The bell pepper wasn't too hard or too soft, and each bite was just delicious!! The mac and cheese wasn't too cheese or too dry. The green was cool, but the bell pepper definitely outshined it all. 
I want to come back to try the po'boy because the customer next to me had it and said he loved it. 
Oh yeah, I will be back.hmmm, no I don't eat air and water (although that would work for some detox here and there)...truth is I had a great experience and a very surprising at that when I had lunch here (I was visiting UNO and this was the only walking distance restaurant around, not counting chain fast-foods). 
Ordered the special catfish and butter beans, plus a side salad. Everything was tasty and well cooked, but most importantly genius in its simplicity. The night before I was at Antoine's where a side salad priced at $8 tried too hard to be gourme-ish and it lost the battle big time. This one, just green leaves and a nice, light balsamic dressing reminded me what the purpose of a salad is or should be (not to mention that it was $2.95, but they ended up not charging me for it although the meal did not come with it in the menu). Honestly, you may not get why I am making  such a big deal about a side salad, and I don't exactly know either.... but I must be unconsciously responding to a certain kind of restaurant-salad deprivation I have been subjected to throughout my years here in this wonderful, not very green-centric country.
As for the rest, well, I am no big fan of deep fried stuff, so I reluctantly ordered the catfish and I am so glad I did: it was crispy on the outside, flaky on the inside, not a hint of grease (wondered if it was baked! No, I don' t think it was, wishful thinking!). The butter beans were also very good...I had tried this before somewhere else and I didn't see the big deal, but I guess, butter beans are like grits: you appreciate them only once you taste some pretty good ones.
The service was excellent too, and the manager was greeting everybody and making sure all was running smooth.
I think you should give this place a tryThis was a wonderful restaurant to dine in on a weekday. There was only one other pair there and there was a friendly atmosphere. The waiter was super quick with seating us and giving us suggestions. We got their gumb, stuffed bell peppers, and catfish, with their candies yams and Mac n cheese on the side. The stuffed bell peppers were a bit salty for my taste, but the stuffing was a great texture. The gumbo was delicious and had the perfect ratio of rice and soup. The catfish was flavorful although a bit tart. The candied yams and Mac n cheese were amazing!! Highly recommend those sides. Overall a great experience and even had a good amount to take home.The food was really good. I actually used to eat at this restaurant all the time before Katrina. It's been a while since I've been here because the last time I went I thought they kind of lost their touch. And I decided to give it another shot. I don't come here often because it's always freezing cold so I'm uncomfortable. In the future I'll probably just get my stuff to go. The service wasn't bad. The food came out in a timely manner.An absolutely great Google find while on vacation. My wife, daughter and I thoroughly enjoyed our dinner Thursday evening. Our server was beyond awesome with just the right amount of attentiveness. The food was extremely well presented and was over the top with flavor. We couldn't have been more happy with our dinner.
Also do yourself a favor and leave room for their breadpudding.If you are looking for down south, southern cooking, southern hospitality, and grandma's mac & cheese then you need to get over to this hidden gem quickly. Tucked away within a local strip mall, this restaurant provides all the decadent meals you can only dream of in New Orleans.  
If eating here, it is best to arrive with an empty belly and an open heart. My only hang up is that I wish I had space to try the divinely cooked peach cobbler! 
The gumbeaux and po'boys are fantastic. Along with everything else!Sassafras is a good down-home kind of soul food place in a strip mall near the lake. The people are nice, and the food is tasty. Honestly, I would go there more if they served alcohol.Came with two friends and we were welcomed by middle aged lady.
Took too long to get food (over an hour)
In between wait, young waitress acknowledged the delay and told us she would bring rolls but did not arrive. 
Food finally arrived but was not exactly to order. We ate regardless because we were too hungry to wait any longer. 
Food quality is average at best.We were visiting for a weekend and decided to try this restaurant. When we walked in we were immediately greeted by a sweet lady with a smile on her face. She thanked us for coming and led us to a table. The restaurant was clean and smelled great! Once seated we were approached by our server who had an easy smile and was more than willing to explain things on the menu. We ended up with a cup of Jambalaya, which had a nice kick to it and great flavor, fried oyster platter with candied yams and side Caesar salad. I also ordered the appetizer crab cakes. The oysters had a tasty breading and weren't greasy at all. The Caesar salad was one of the best I've ever had. It was cut in perfect bite size pieces so you didn't have to fight to get it on your fork. Plus, to please the pork lover in me, they added crumbled bacon on top! Yum! The crab cakes were delightful. Again, not overly greasy and flavored superbly. I appreciated that you could tell they were prepared by hand because they had that beautiful homemade inconsistency!  
If we lived closer we'd definitely go and visit again. We thoroughly enjoyed the meal, the atmosphere and friendly staff. Great experience.Really enjoyed eating here. I had a Groupon for $20. We got the special, baked chicken with yellow rice and green beans and added an extra side of mac n cheese. All so ordered the supreme burger with fries.
Chicken was tender and seasoned very well. Green beans looked fresh and were equally as tender. Yellow rice was a perfect match for the very seasoned chicken.
The supreme burger came on a buttery croissant. Although the croissant was delicate its buttery flavor enhances the thick patty. Fries were nice light and crisp.
Service was excellent. Atmosphere was low lit and jazzy music...relaxing.
Will be back to try more food.This is my first public review. I mostly share this kind of info with friends and family. I get alot of info when I read others reviews, so I want to share with others. Sorry its so lengthy. 
I am a female 30-35 yrs old and I eat out more than average.
I have eaten at Sassafras 4 times. I had only been to the restaurants' first location once and never to its second location primarily due to their locations near Bullard in New Orleans East. 
Overall: Ambiance decoration lighting size cleanliness and comfort. 4 stars.
Location: Accessible, well lit, parking. 5 stars.
Price: Average $30-35 for 2 people with entrees, sodas, and tip. (No appetizer)
Hours of operation: Not open late any nights. See other comments below. 2 stars.
Dress: Comfortable, Dress Casual or Sporty 4 stars.
Main comment:
I will continue to eat there and I recommend it. Call first. Don't go late.
Time #1 3-6 months ago. Myself and teenage son. 
Food: I had a chicken alfredo and my son had jambalaya with grilled pork chop.
4 stars. 
Service: Not friendly, but service was ok. Restaurant was pretty full. Good welcoming hostess. 2stars
Time #2 3-6 months ago. Group of 3 adults two teens and 3 small kids. 4 stars
Food: Most people ordered one of the night's specials. Nice hearty portions. It was something with baked chicken. I dont really remember. I mistakenly left my leftovers on the table. 4 stars.
Service: Not friendly, but service itself was pretty good. Refills prompt. Service prompt. Not many other guests in the restaurant. 3 stars.
Time #3 1-3 months ago. Myself and son. 
Food   I think both of us ordered one of the night's specials. It was something with pork chops and loaded mashed potatoes. I remember having some green beens sauteed with garlic that were good. My son had to get up and ask because we were sure that his potatoes werent supposed to be plain, which is how they were brought out. They fixed it quickly.4 stars.
Service  Not friendly, but service was ok. Restaurant was pretty full. Good welcoming hostess. 2stars 
Time #4 1-3 months ago. Myself and son. 
Food  We both ordered jambalaya with grilled pork chops. The waitress came back and said there was only one chop. I let my son get that and I ordered shrimp pasta. My pasta was horrible, milky tasting with flavorless chewy shrimp. My son's pork chop was scrawny and was less than grilled being very whitish in appearance.  1 star. 
Service   Not friendly, but service was ok. There was one other table seated, two ladies and a toddler. We could overhear them complaining to their waitress about something with the food. It was 8:50 when we arrived (see hours of operation). We were immediately told we couldnt get anything fried. When we wanted iced tea we were told that it was out at the moment. I ordered a coke which tasted horrible. When I told the waitress she shook her head and said, "I told them it was going out." and removed the drink from the table. I told her I wanted the tea. After a while, it came out looking funny and didnt taste good either. She should have offered to bring me something else between time of waiting for the tea to be brought out. 1star 
Hours of Operation
Don't go if its close to closing time. My son wanted to go on a weeknight. It was about 8:45, I wasn't sure if they were open so I called. The female who answered seemed confused when I asked, "so you close at 9:00pm, do you seat until 9:00 or is it too late to come now?" After being told to hold on for a second, I was told I had  to be there before 9:00.  
Call before you go, as they can be closed unexpectedly. Twice within the last 6 months, I have went on a Saturday around 8pm. and they have been closed. I live in the area but in both instances I have left from the westbank specifically to go to Sassafras. Yesterday when I went I invited someone to meet me there. They got there first and told me there were no cars and there is a permanent operations time sign with a closing time of 9:00 for Saturdays, but there was a temporary sign that said closed due to a wedding. Read my review of The Dish on Hayne because that is where we met up next, but we were turned around...  
Pet peeve:
Some young wait staff dont have the savvy or training on how to engage with the customer. They follow a script at best "Hello, my name is ___. I will be waiting on you today. These are the specials.....Can I start you with something to drink." Then they continue to go through the motions in such a robotic way. Please train your younger wait staff on how to acknowledge and recognize returning customers, be friendly with kids, be upbeat/cheery, and share opinions and suggestions about the menu. A good question to ask starting off is " Have you dined with us before?" 
3 of the 4 times I have been there its been my son and I sitting in the same section with the same waitress with the same lines. I can't say the wait staff is not experienced per se, so that's why I use the word  'friendly' .We ate here as a family last month - my husband, myself, and our two kiddos. We lucked up on a Groupon but the waitress didn't specify until after we ordered 3 appetizers that the Groupon only went toward "entrees".... needless to say, we ended up with a table overflowing with food like we were hungrier than life! The fried chicken wings were beyond the best item we received. The kids had large shrimp platters with very tasty shrimp (we try out fried shrimp and wings often and Sassafras is now at the top of our chicken wing and fried shrimp list.)  I saw the reviews about slow service, but our service was actually pretty quick and our waitress was very kind and personable. The restaurant is tiny, so I can see there being a long wait if you arrive after it is full, especially at dinner time when folks tend to linger longer. There were two large tv screens viewable from both sides of the table so my husband and son enjoyed watching clips of Star Wars (not sure what channel was on) in between our conversation. 
Honestly, we live close by and hadn't given Sassafras a try since the New Orleans East location (which had 1 star service and 1 star food quality). As a black family in the area who enjoy laughing together and good New Orleans cooking (NOT stuffy atmospheres or fake touristy cuisine), we enjoyed this quaint spot. It's not a Brennan's or Ruth's Chris, nor super savvy like a large chain restaurant, but that's the point- it is a small local, family-style restaurant with good home cooking-style meals. I personally wouldn't recommend for groups of more than eight, because again, it is a pretty small restaurant. 
Also the crab cakes did not live up to what we look for in crab cakes- for those who like a lot of bread crumbs with little crab and a hard fried outside (kind of like the freezer section crab cakes, then you'll like them) but for crab cake enthusiasts like myself, I needed more. (trust me, I gladly pay $20 for a container of crab meat so I know when the real thing is M.I.A. in my food.) However, the shrimp and crawfish pasta was really good even though I was too full to finish it. The spinach dip tasted great but the chips weren't overly complimenting. Surprisingly, the french fries that came with my children's meals were also delicious (yup, I'm picky about fries also!) 
My husband cooks great authentic New Orleans food so it's a great experience when we can relax and enjoy dinner prepared by others. The clientele was peaceful and the servers were professional. 
One other thing I recalled: The manager looked perturbed by an upset customer who seemed to have issues with her to-go order.  Not sure how that turned out, but both parties and the young server who placed the order were pretty upset. My advise to the restaurant is to to keep smiles on even when dealing with angry customers, actually ESPECIALLY when dealing with angry customers. You're aura still affects the other customers around you who are trying to enjoy their time. Hope this review helps!!Great food and we love it. So popular now be prepared to wait. Friendly staff. Sunday's are very crowded.We came during a busy weekend of Essence Festival. There as no hostess to greet the many people waiting at the entrance. The manager was very rude to the customers who tried to explain who was next in line. The waiting list was not updated and several guest left. The food was good but the experience was less tastyVery good spot. A bit hard to find which I think hurts their business but they have wonderful food. I really like their gumbo. Hey have a great brunch selection on Sunday's. You can also call an order in for pick up.Our second time going here and this experience was worst than the first. Sat down with no menus then waited over a hour and a half just for food to arrive and my wife's food was wrong. She ordered Fish and grits so they bring her grilled fish instead of fried when on the menu it said fried. I ordered the chicken and waffles now mind you we got there at 12:30 and I didn't get my food until 2:00. The waitress never refilled my orange juice. My wife had coffee. The first cup she had was small then the second one they brought her was large. The waitress barely checked on us. When I got my chicken and waffle the waffle was so gummy and tough I couldn't even eat it. We ordered scrambled eggs for my 2 year old son and when they finally brought that out they weren't scrambled it was just one big egg folded over. Only reason we stayed is because we had a groupon for the meal otherwise we would've left. Never going there again.My co-worker and I arrived at approximately 1:10. I ordered a side salad only and she ordered a fish platter. We sat there for about 20 mins when she asked the waiter to check on our order. I wasn't overly concerned since I only ordered a salad. Well about 15 mins later her food was brought out which she had to gulp down so that we could return to work. I asked about my salad and was told that the kitchen staff was new and the owner was busy helping them. So he brought my friend's check and I asked if anyone was going to address me never getting my salad. Let's just say no one ever came out. They had several people who came in after us and ordered plates of food and were eating and I couldn't get a simple salad. My two or three times a month there won't be missed I'm sure;but I definitely won't return.The fried chicken wings are made to order and are fresh, hot, and well-seasoned. The okra is delicious, although a tad pricey. I have enjoyed everything I've ever ordered from here. The hostess is kind, efficient, and very friendly. The waiters I've experienced, especially Tony, were all very nice and efficient.This is a hidden gem! Atmosphere and food is upscale but prices are so reasonable. Wait staff was very good. Two adult meals with Groupon was just under $20!Best gumbo I have ever had. Great customer service and classy ambiance. The restaurant is clean and in a great location.Went back to Sassy last night for my brother's birthday.  And dare i say it was better the second time around?!
First, we started with eggplant sticks for the table. They were your basic eggplant sticks. Well fried, well seasoned, your basic good eggplant sticks. And they come with a house mustard sauce that's pretty good. Tangy, little bit of sweet. Very good complement to the sticks. 
For my main dish, I got the Catfish Orleans. You get the option of it being served on angel hair pasta or crawfish corn grit cake. So yeah, grit cake was the obvious option to me. So, on top of the grit cake were six (six!) catfish filets. And on top of that was poured a shrimp etouffee sauce. Yes. You read that correctly. Crawfish corn grits, fried catfish, and shrimp etouffee.  It looked so good it almost made me cry. 
The catfish were hot, well fried, and seasoned quite well. Right amount of spice and salt, not overwhelming. Let some of that catfish flavor through. Very good. The crawfish corn grits were, well, I don't even know. It was sweet corn grits with little crawfish tails from heaven. And the etouffee sauce added that dark buttery roux-y element that could elevate any dish, and was the perfect sauce to tie everything together. The catfish absorbed a little bit of the sauce, but maintained their crispness. And the grits absorbed a lot of the sauce, making me completely unable to stop eating it. 
This dish was just what I needed after a long day and an even longer couple of weeks. 
I can't wait to try my next dish at Sassafras!Well meaning but totally overwhelmed folks work here. First we waited almost ten minutes just to be seated (the restaurant was 2/3 empty) then placed the beverage order along with the meal choices to accelerate the process only to be informed ten minutes later that 'your order was lost'. We ended up leaving - as did several other people - without eating anything., hence cannot comment on the food quality.I came with a few friends and my SO a few weeks ago and I loved it!  I got the fried chicken platter and my SO got fried catfish.  You basically get half a chicken, and you get a TON of fries.  They also bring out hot freshly baked and buttered rolls.  Amazing!  The chicken was well breaded, but not too breaded, and had good flavor.  The fries were very good as well.  The staff was very nice, if not slightly disorganized (but I think one of the waiters was in training).
Overall, it was an excellent experience.Very happy with this restaurant- the service from the moment you walk in the door to the moment you leave is so welcoming and genuine....and the food- absolutely fantastic. Well worth the 8 hour drive and I would do it again in a heartbeat!!! Don't miss this gem!Been to the CBD location twice already . The inside of the restaurant is very welcoming . Wait staff very attentive.  Had a slight glitch with my order, however. Wait staff did keep me informed of the status of my order so that is a plus. . Husband had Catfish platter.  That was one of the best he has had.  When I received my Po Boy, I do have to say, it truly was worth the wait. . I received a side order of macaroni and cheese and that was really tasty as well.  
A few days later, we went there for breakfast.  Oh my gosh !  My BLT with an egg and breakfast potatoes were just divine ! Husband had a crawfish , shrimp omelette.  
So good .   Can't wait to go there again . !Absolutely unacceptable! We walked in and with only 3 tables being filled we had to wait 15 mins to be seated. Meanwhile being brushed by waitresses looking at there phones and the order station right next to the door where we had to stand and wait. We asked the waitress with red puffy ponytails for a booth and were told no you get a table, no booth! What!? There are booths open and we are customers requesting a booth.. I was already grossed out by the red haired waitresses lower teeth being so overgrown with plaque and I'm not sure what else.. The waitresses both were extremely rude so we just left before even getting asked for a drink order. I will be contacting management.Pretty good gumbo but I'd pass on it if you're looking for the best New Orleans has to offer.I stopped by on July 1st 2019 around 3-4pm, I had just came from the airport. Someone I was with wanted a hot sausage sandwich. I tried a piece and it was good. I also ordered sides of yams and potato salad. Ok... lets start with the main problem I called ahead for pick up and go but the phone kept ringing and was going to voicemail and then the so called owner/manager answered I was confused on the second call I let the phone go to this manager/owner and she stated "they are probably busy, that's why they not answering the phone". Well... I arrive to place the order, during business hours the restaurant is dark with the lights off. It's cold so I can tell they were not busy, the person was a blk female who took my order then she went to the back. While I'm waiting for the food the phone is ringing ang ringing just like what I experienced. Also they missed out on 2 customers who came but the female didn't come out from the back to take their order.
What I noticed is some of the restaurants that were once good with decent service (pre katrina) are lacking in flavor as in the potato salad/yams I bought here. The younger generation is ruining the standard or legacy of the family owned spots. I will not waste my time with any east restaurant I'm visiting top rated places which are out of my way but I have wasted money doing the same routine.
Lastly this is representative of the slow new orleans mindset.... New orleans is too slow and corrupt which is why the city is always behind in everything productive. I purchased stuffed peppers years ago and they were bland as well.
Keep the lights ON during business hours and see what are these employees doing in the back while the public wants to spend money with you.Welll...we were expecting decent and got horrible.  We waited 1 full hour before getting our food.  Then it was cold.  Then they gave no refills on drinks, forgot 1 cup of gumbo that was part of the original order placed at 6 PM.  We will not be returning.   Sad...Poor service, rude manager and owners with Applebees quality food. They give you enough food for a toddler with their take out orders, and when you order another side, they have the nerve to tell you that it's too much starch. For a 1 star restaurant to have this much attitude like they're serving upscale food is beyond me. I've given this place so many chances over the years (since they opened in the east, to their hotel location after Katrina and now this location) and I'm finally done. Everyone that I know has had a bad interaction with the owner. She talks to you as if you have never dined in a restaurant before and you're left feeling like they think you're beneath them. I tried to give them chance after chance but never again. Also, the downtown location is a joke.I was not happy with the greeting from the owner during my visit. It was pretty in the restaurant. The owner was hosting at the door. Taking name and party numbers. She got confused and started taking guest that were walk-ins instead of guess on the list. I found her to be very nasty and rude when I mention we were next. "Her response was "You should have spoken up when I asked who's next. " 
I work hard for my money! 
See ya!Very cute place, nice friendly staff. I ordered the St. Roch Seafood Pasta it was ok the shrimp was salad size shrimp and the noodles were very thin spaghetti noodles so it was a lot of sauce ans not enough pasta or meat. The fresh bread is AMAZING!!! My sister had the fried fish and shrimp which was way better than mines. The Owner and his wife very super friendly and funnyThe food is tasty. Taste so close to home cookin, but the service takes soooooo loooooooong. 
You wait to be seated (5-10 minutes). 
You wait to place your order (15-30) minutes. 
You wait for your food (20-30 minutes). 
If you have the time to "WIAT", please go, if not, please anticipate to eat "European Style". 
I've been here 3 times. Twice to dine in and once for take out. My last visit was a salad with grilled chicken, it took 35 minutes to complete my order. Not to mention I waited :20 minutes to even be asked what I was ordering.DELICIOUS!! I cant remember the last time I was at  a restaurant where the wait staff were so friendly and courteous and attentive. I will definitely come back! I got the half and half platter. Look at the size of that oyster!Sassafras is a classy creole/seafood restaurant. The atmosphere and staff were really nice. They more than willing to explain things on the menu that I wasn't familiar with. Service was fast and efficient. I had the king oyster caesar salad and it was fantastic. I would of never guessed that fried oysters on a casear salad could be so good.Food was good just long waiting. Waitress was extremely nice. My husband had a fried pork-chop plate.  He wasn't to thrilled about it. But everything thing  else was great. The side salad was like that old fashioned grandma salad with mayonnaise based dressing. Talking about good. Lol. I had a oyster and shrimp plate with fries. It was good also. And we had the fried pickles and a side of mac and cheese. Basically everything was great.  Very filling and not to pricey either. We will be returning.This place was by far the worst I've gone to. I went here thinking I was going to get some good authentic creole food. I decided to try some of the offerings that they had on the menu.. I ordered yams, with the baked Mac and the stuffed potato.. The potato was decent except the shrimp were over cooked, the yams were from a fan and the macaroni was used with packaged cheese. I've been cooking for enough years to know how low grade this meal was. The service took forever, they bring checks while you're in the middle of your meal, my side salad came right before my entree only after we asked where it was. This place literally will not be visited by me or my friends again. If you want real good food. This is not it.Love Sassafras!! Great Gumbo, chicken Bernard is so good with the grilled asparagus & potatoes , it's my favorite.Came with two friends and we were welcomed by a middle aged lady.
Took too long to get food (over an hour)
In between wait, a young waitress acknowledged the delay and told us she would bring rolls but never did. 
The food finally arrived but was not exactly to order. Our party ate regardless because we were too hungry and did not want to wait any longer. 
Food quality is average at best.The service here is horrible!! I went on a brunch date here and despite having several tables open we waited 20 mins before someone even spoke to us and the other people waiting. Once seated we waited another 15 mins before someone offered to get us some water and we left. I refuse to ever give this place my money EVERThis was our first trip to Sassafras. We chose it because of the good reviews on Yelp. Dwight was our server and he was great! His suggestions were excellent and we were blown away with how good the food was and how large the portions were. We ordered appetizers in case there was a wait, but everything came out so fast. I had the fish special with white beans and rice. I have never had better white beans and rice. Soooo tasty! My hubby had the St. Roch Seafood Pasta which he described as phenomenal! This could be our new favorite place!We were staying on Lake Pontchartrain for a few days on our RV trip, were looking for someplace close and found Sassafras here on Yelp. Are we ever glad we tried it out. We had a very wonderful experience from the moment we entered. The dcor is very nice with pictures of all the great jazz players and linens on the table (unexpected for a strip mall restaurant). Our host/server was super friendly. Tried the deep fried seafood combo (shrimp and catfish with fries) HUGE portion with just right amount of breading. Also tried the etouffee - it was delicious - don't like real spicy and it was perfect. Saw what appeared to be some regulars come in and were enjoying themselves also. Thanked warmly on way out also - Highly recommend if in areaThis is a nice small local restaurant. I had the smothered shrimp & okra and my dad had the shrimp poboy. We both thought mine was better. I got the half portion and it was definitely enough for one person! There was only one other table when we got there and there was only one waitress so she was kind of running all over the place. Nothing fancy, but a decent stop for food.I was disappointed in this Sassafras Restaurant.
We ordered a lot of food:
     *Verna's fried shrimp plate with sides of macaroni and cheese and candied yams
     *Shrimp jambalaya combo plate with catfish and an asparagus side
     *Grilled catfish entre
     *Seafood pasta with side salad
The food itself was okay, some items were delicious (seafood pasta) and other items were mediocre (fried shrimp plate).  The upsetting item was the shrimp jambalaya.  There was not one shrimp in there!
For the price of the food, the portion sizes were small too.  My boyfriend and I finished 3 entres between us without being super full.  For what it is, this restaurant is awfully expensive. The bill would have come out to ~$50 if we didn't have a Groupon deal.  We have paid half-price for a similar meal at other restaurants.  I probably won't come back.The girl was rude on the phone i was getting ready to hang up but it's close and convenient so i went on with my order . Big mistake . They gave me a sample cup of my white rice like wtf am i gonna do with this small ass side of rice and 6 shriveled asparagus there's too many good restaurants with better prices in New orleans don't waste your timeFoods good if you have the time. I ordered a dessert when I came in been sitting waiting for 20 min. Don't be in a rush, this is not the first time it's a the time this week. I won't be back.We decided to visit this location on a Saturday night because we didn't want to cook.....I mean who wants to cook on a Saturday. The food was Awesome!!!  After being seated we ordered water with lemon and a Mango Tea. We also decided to try the eggplant stack. These were amazing! The stack was cut like fries and served hot and ready with a delectable dipping sauce.  We ordered the Catfish Orleans and the  large Seafood platter. The portion size exceeded our expectations. Prior to our entree hitting the table we were given the best soft rolls and a side salad. Yummy in our tummies. The food was AMAZINGAs I drove to northern NOLA, I wondered if this strip mall restaurant was worth my time.  Boy was it ever.  We came on a Sunday around brunch time.  The restaurant was only half full.  By the time we left, the place was packed with people waiting outside to come dine inside.  Now I know why.
This is down home creole cooking that is irresistibly delicious comfort food.  The chicken & waffles, grilled pork chops, and blacked catfish are awesome!!I'm in heaventhe food is so so good. Stuff bell pepper bake chicken and mac and cheese. The mac and cheese is just the way I like cheese and more cheese.the soft rolls I ate two and could have aha another. My friends were looking .Note : this location is closed . Too bad because it was a good location . However they frequently ran out of foods .This was my 2nd visit & I throughly enjoyed the meal I had the red beans and rice w fried fish. The beans were homemade all the way no Blue runner here. They were very Flavorful & the fish was the right amount of crispy & seasoning. My friend had the Redfish w mac & cheese and asparagus it was equally tasty. Our server Winshan was very nice & accommodating too. I'll be back!Bland jambalaya that I had to warm up when I get home because it was ice cold. There were also huge shell pieces in my crab cakes. I wouldn't recommendThe food was great, positive waitress and had suggested me to get a entree.. & btw it was Delicious!!This was a very hard decision how to review this restaurant. I believe it's a solid four stars, here's why: the food by far hands-down was five star or very close to it. Everything we had was very excellent and they claimed the file gumbo, the salad dressings and such are all homemade. I believe they were and they were delicious but maybe just a little too salty. The only reason it's very close to five star cuisine was because of the salt level and it seemed a bit pricey for what it was. Still this could have been overlooked and very easy could've been a five star review except for the service. The service started off okay but rapidly declined. When we got there there was only two other tables in there and about three showed up when we were eating. When this happened the service went from slow to nonexistent. The service was at most three stars but probably more likely two stars. Because of this, this can never be a five-star restaurant no matter how good the cuisine is. 
One other thing that made me a bit iffy was I decided to try a sweet tea with lemon. After I squeezed the lemon and dropped it into the tea I realized, upon seeing the lemon because it was still floating, that the lemon was contaminated. I won't claim to know what it was contaminated with but I had my suspicions and because of this I could not drink the tea. However, we had no service so I couldn't request a new tea. It's hard to eat a complete salty meal without any drink. However this alone would not prevent me from returning to this restaurant.
This is a four-star and not a three star because the food was that delicious. It's a four-star and not five star because everything but the food was horrible.Unfortunately, Sassafras fans, I called to place an order for pickup and was told that although they really tried to hang on, the restaurant could not survive the COVID lockdown, and has closed its doors. So very sorryGreat customer service! They will take care of you, like family! Food seasoned just right for us locals.CRAP SERVICE: Slow as molasses in the Antarctic.
Though I'd give the food a 3.5 star.
Sat. 10/22/18--not busy, two waitresses.
20+ min. to get water on the table-- 25min. to get an extra setting (three sat at a table with only two settings)...Asked TWICE for a third setting.
Had to remind TWICE, "Salads please".
Went there with friends with whom had been twice and liked the food. They told me the service would be SLOW (SO worse this time). Yet this time--it felt like reverse racism--as we were the only white people--and we were ignored completely much of our meal.  
My friends agreed that this service on Oct. 22,  was so much worse than either of their two prior visits. 
One of the redeeming points was that the chef was out in the dining area, talking with another table--he overheard about my friend's celiac (gluten) issue-- and directed our waitress accordingly.  
The "chef/cook" seems to be on top of things re: food...but he does not train/nor teach the SLOW front staff--as he does not see their poor service--he is mostly behind the scene and does not see the crappy service...From entry through the door...and crap service to the table and crap service until departure. 
My order, 'Catfish Orleans", really tasted SO MUCH better as leftovers the next day. The option of it being served on shrimp-corn grit cakes was NOT available to me: "we are out"-- only other options: angel hair pasta or rice. I had the angel hair pasta...As I said--SO much better the next day. 
Food is tasty. Crap service. 
I'd maybe give the food a second try in the restaurant BUT the service was SO BAD and SO SLOW with such untrained servers...AND no front of service restaurant manager to guide the servers. I would NOT.
I'd rather NOT.The food was very good especially the grilled pork chops. I was very disappointed with the service.  We went early one Saturday afternoon and the restaurant wasn't very busy.  There was only one waitress and she was doing her best to take care of those of us that she had seated.  She was also having to take care of the ones picking up carry out.  Although she was very apologetic it took her a long time to take our order. We also had a long wait for our food because they were short staffed and to top this off they were preparing a catering order that seemed to be their priority. If we had not been using a Groupon voucher we would have left.
.It's kinda hard to review a place during the Rona, so I'll include previous experiences as well. I've been here on at least three occasions. The first time I had the ABSOLUTE best seafood pasta I've ever had! My second visit was takeout. Fried fish. I didn't enjoy that very much. Third visit was today and I got the fried chicken platter. This chicken was soooo good. So juicy. You get a whole half chicken. I'm usually not much for breasts cause they're always a little dry. Not this one tho. It was just as juicy as everything else. Now it was a little on the salty side but that's how I like fried chicken. I also had sweet potatoes which were a little sweeter than I care for but not unbearably so. I'll definitely be back. There's a few more things on the menu I want to tryThis place deserves 1/2 a star. The wait staff acted like they didn't wanna seat us, they didn't have half of the items on the menu. Just ridiculous. As a person who has visited NOLA before, this place came highly recommended; I'll NEVER visit this establishment again.We ended at this restaurant for 2 1/2 hours. We had a party of 8 and had called ahead to make sure that they could accommodate us. We were seated immediately and had our drink order taken. We had our food order taken after about  20 minutes. Everyone ordered breakfast since it was around 1030 and we order an appetizer. We waited forever! The place was packed and there seemed to be only a few waitresses. We finally got our food but never got our appetizer. Seems like a nice place and our food was ok. Nothing great. Won't return.Let me start by saying that Erin is the truth. The service we received tonight was one of the best experiences...ever. It was Friday, but I'm told she takes it up a notch on Sundays. If you can request a server, definitely request Erin. That's Erin with an E.  
They brought out a couple baskets of buttery rolls, which were good. Not like Golden Corral soft, but good. We ordered the chicken wings and spinach dip for appetizers. The chicken wings are always on point, crispy, crunchy, hot, and well seasoned. I'm not a fan of their spinach dip, but my son enjoys it. It's not like the dip from Houston's back in the day or even Applebee's today.
I had the bell pepper, mac and cheese and yams. All were good. The yams could have been softer and sweeter like Triangle Deli's, though. My wife had the grilled catfish with pontilly potatoes and mac and cheese. She said it was ok. The kids had the fried shrimp plate and chicken tenders plate. My daughter ate all of her shrimp, so it must've been good. My son didn't finish his tenders. 
Sassafras is always clean, inviting and the noise is at a moderate level. 
Tonight was all about the service, I guess. It's a good value and the Groupon came in handy. Groupon was running a $5 off special and I got an additional 10% off the Groupon using the ibotta app. $40 coupon for $18. 
Food: 4
Service: 5
Ambiance: 5Yeah, no. This is my second visit. It's a no for me. I'm in the area and have a taste for veggies a la soul food. I also needed to balance my sugar levels before getting hangry.  There are a few folks sitting scattered around the restaurant. The hostess/waitress get me seated and takes my drink request. Then I watch her flutter from table to table like a hummingbird delivering and picking up various items disappearing into the back periodically. She comes to get my order. I choose a veggie plate with side SALAD. Away she goes flutter flutter flutter. I'm 15 minutes in by now. It's dim even by juke joint standards so I'm by a window. Five minutes and the "salad" comes-this is not a salad. A deconstructed wedge of lettuce, 4 croutons, and a table spoon of blue cheese dressing. No tomato, no slivers of carrots just lettuce. I overlook it in anticipation of the meal. Twenty-five minutes in I'm done picking in the wedge. And ask that my food be placed in a to go container. She apologizes and goes to get the container and food. I'm still optimistic. What could go wrong with green beans, steamed broccoli, and pontilly potatoes? Well I had to eat a great bit of it to keep my sugar levels balanced however the salt in the green beans and potatoes surely raised my blood pressure. The broccoli was not salty instead soggy from boiling not steamed. Sigh I eat to live and if I had been a less healthy person this may have taken me out. #anotheronebitesthedustThe food is tasty. Taste so close to home cookin, but the service takes soooooo loooooooong. 
You wait to be seated (5-10 minutes). 
You wait to place your order (15-30) minutes. 
You wait for your food (20-30 minutes). 
If you have the time to "WIAT", please go, if not, please anticipate to eat "European Style". 
I've been here 3 times. Twice to dine in and once for take out. My last visit was a salad with grilled chicken, it took 35 minutes to complete my order. Not to mention I waited :20 minutes to even be asked what I was ordering. 
February 2020 Update. 
So I guess I forgot why I stopped eating here. Got my hair done in the area and wanted something tasty (in Gentilly, what was I thinking?). 
Ordered my foot at 6:43p. I was told there was a :20 minute wait, I went to get a bottle of wine from rouses to waste time, paid for my food at 7:05, waited, waited, waited. After 50 minutes, I walked into the kitchen to see what was going on. There were only 3 tables of people eating. 
My food STILL wasn't ready. 
Another 20 minutes passes and 2/3's of my order comes out. I'm livid. 
I get a refund from the over whelmed waitress (Maddison?) and take whatever is ready and leave. 
The food is okay for Gentilly, underwhelming for New Orleans (salty doesn't mean seasoned) the service is terrible. 
They really need a kitchen manager. 
Will never go back now. 
Gonna stick to my uptown hood.This has been one of our worst experiences in NOLA. We each got a cup of gumbo that was super salty and bit into something that tasted like liver so we sent it back and we were still charged for it. The I ordered potatoes and found a large piece of plastic cooked in my food. We were completely grossed out after that and coukd not eat our food. The manager came over and looked at it says says well I'll take the potatoes off. We spent 45 bucks on a meal we couldn't even it. Save you money the food here is disgusting.My husband & I went to NOLA this weekend to celebrate my birthday! A friend suggested we try Sassafras and OMG....I'm so glad we did! A quaint & casual ambiance, this restaurant serves up awesome, authentic creole food for the soul & your tummy! 
We had fried pickles (AMAZING) & gumbo (OFF THE CHAIN) as appetizers, Cajun pasta (TO DIE FOR) & top it off with bread pudding with praline sauce (ENOUGH SAID)!! The service was great too. Kennedy, our server was so sweet & offered suggestions when I couldn't decide. 
I also had the pleasure of meeting the owner, Mrs. Ducksworth! She greets and serves all customers & walks around to make sure your dining experience is nothing than the best! Next visit to the Crescent city, Sassafras is definitely on our list to visit again.I like Sassafras a lot. My friend took me here for lunch. Our server was really lovey and hospitable. 
Sassafras is a nice restaurant without feeling frilly or stuffy. 
Portions are large and food is delicious.The gumbo here is so good!   I've never had a ad meal.  Consistent legit creole cuisine.