Love Satsuma's! Mostly go to Uptown location. Super delicious food, great staff and laid back vibe. Since moving into the neighborhood it's become my go-to spot. Consistently good. I wake up craving their eats. So thankful they're nearby.Fresh and tasty ingredients. Creative recipes and excellent drinks. Lovely place and service. Good job team Satsuma !Nom Nom Nom! Came here during my lunch break with two co-workers and it was delicious.
My only real complaint was the side salad was covered in onions and I HATTTTTTTTE ONIONS. Also, it looks like the salad is just scooped out of a big bowl, so it is not like you can just decide 'oh I don't want onions' because the whole salad tastes like nasty onions.
Anyways... I ordered the Shaved Ham and Brie Melt which was delicious! My only complaint is that the chalk board menu is so hard to read.Can't believe I've never been to Satsuma until today!! This bright little cafe is nestled on Maple street right off Carrollton. 
We came in around lunch time on a Saturday and it was fairly busy but getting a table didn't require any wait. However, it is summer and there aren't many college kids hanging around uptown. 
I ordered an iced americano (they use Hey! Cafe beans) and a turkey, pesto, and red pepper sandwich on ciabatta ($10). The sandwich was pretty small but surprisingly filling and suuuper delicious! Their menu is fairly simple-breakfast, sandwiches or salad options which makes it great for a sit down breakfast/lunch or grab and go spot too.Overall, the food at Satsuma is great.  The daily pancakes are creative and often fantastic.  However, the staff seems to have a too cool for school attitude.  Most of them are efficient enough, but none that we have encountered are friendly, and that is a very big strike against a cafe.  We come in there pretty much every week and have been doing so for well over a year.  You would think that we would get "a good to see you again" or a "welcome back".  Instead, it always feels as if the first time we are there (not in a good way).  Recognizing and acknowledging regular customers is as much a part of a servers job as serving food, and in this respect, this restaurant is very much lacking.I'm a die-hard fan of the Bywater location so I've been meaning to try the new location since it opened. While the menu is the same, the food is slightly less amazing than it's sister restaurant. I was pretty bummed that they skimped on my avocado and goat cheese on the the "special" grilled cheese but it was still delicious so I can't get too up in arms about it. I'll be back in a few months to see if they've improved. For now I'll just chalk up my less than amazing experience up to them being freshly opened.So much yes here. Warm and friendly staff who are always willing to answer questions or help in any way possible. The food is AMAZING. They make their own gluten free bread, swoon. The veggie burger is massive, two meals. Their gluten free cookies, also amazing. They use lots of organic ingredients. So that's where the complaints over prices come into play. If you want cheap shitty food, go somewhere else. This is where the quality lives. Thus the prices are not fast-food level! This is my favorite brunch spot in town. The juices, coffee and brunch menu is enough to reanimate even the most hungover person on a Saturday morning. My only complaint, I wish they were open for dinner!!Ok so I really really wanted to love this place, but after eating a late breakfast/brunch here a couple times I am left at an impasse. The good is that they have the best cup of coffee in town in my opinion, the decor is really cute and fresh looking, and their juice concoctions are creative and quite delicious. The food was not bad, but I think it is extremely overpriced for what you get, the plates are quite small. Also, when I was there the second time the disorganization between the kitchen and the front of the house led to my party getting food in 20 minute intervals, not the best way to enjoy a meal. I hope this place improves its system of ordering and serving and maybe comes up with a few more reasonably priced items.4 of us for a birthday celebration today. I had the Cuban sandwich which was very good. Unfortunately, they "forgot" the order for the birthday fella. This gaffe was followed by desserts, which included two coconut cream puff pastries, chocolate cookie and a coconut muffin. The cream pastries had what looked like hummus, flattened and dried out, in the center - completely inedible. 
The service was awful. Nobody bothered to bring us water or bus our table.
Never planning to go back. Yuck.Maple street is full of delicious eateries and satsuma is no exception! My family and I we're initially planning on eating at the camellia grill but as we walked down maple and saw satsuma we couldn't resist trying it out! It's a very cute spot with modern looking decor. They make their own fresh-squeezed juice on the spot. It's a little pricey but well worth it! I had the "immune booster" which was a mix of orange grapefruit apple and fennel, it was delicious and very refreshing!
I got the roasted pear and Brie melt on wheat bread for lunch and it was amazing!! The pears we're roasted perfectly and the onions we're caramelized just right. I also got to try the salmon melt (fresh salmon-not canned!) and the BLT which we're both delicious as well. I definitely plan on coming back and I can't wait to try out their breakfast options!amazing. love this place. they are always busy and for good reason (but never keep you waiting long!). i love to try new things, and the specials are always satisfying and well-priced. it is hard for me to resist my favorite- the ham and brie on ciabatta with pepper jelly, caramelized onions, and sriracha. delicious side salad too.I was really excited to try this Satsuma, since I love the one in the Bywater. I'd tried coming here a few times on the weekend, but it was usually too slammed for me to bother (I get cranky about waiting in lines if there's not a bar nearby to hold me over with some drinks). So the other day when I needed to kill some time in Uptown after work, I tried this location again and breezed right in to find plenty of seating.
The staff were really nice (and had some great tunes on!). I got the brie, pear and caramelized onion sandwich. It was gooey and yummy, but unfortunately the flavors kind of melded together so you didn't get the distinct tastes of anything in particular. I also ordered one of their juices, which was good and pretty much made me feel like I could go lift a car up from the ground (who knew mixing celery with other stuff could be so tasty?) I wish the juice were a bit chillier because I'm that dude who has a cup of water that's mostly ice, but I know nothing about how juicing works. Maybe (probably?) they had just juiced everything for me right then and there, hence why it wasn't chilled? 
Love the atmosphere and seating, especially the counter seating at the window - lots of plugs underneath to charge your devices. 
Would definitely go back again.I have yet to have a satisfying meal here. Very small portions at a high price although I suppose it is the most "healthy" option in the areaI looooove Satsuma Cafe! I work close by so usually stroll in for a late lunch and they never disappoint. I love their mate latte, calming, refreshing, and energizing - the perfect afternoon pick me up. Then I usually choose between the black bean burger and the quinoa salad. I feel like sometimes it's so hard to find food here that is fresh, healthy, and doesn't make you feel like napping the rest of the day away. Satsuma Cafe gets it right every time! Plus the staff are always super friendly!
I've heard they get really crowded on the weekend because they're delicious and in such close proximity to Tulane and Loyola, but during the week I've always found it such a pleasant place to be. They have ample indoor seating and a handful of outdoor tables for a nice day or if you had your pup with you. I highly recommend you get there now for a feel good meal and a mini oasis on Maple Street.This place is awesome and has quickly turned into this gals top brunch spots in the big easy. 
THE LOCATION 
I love uptown and finding gems like this makes me appreciate it so much more. The street it's located on has tons of greenery and plenty of street parking. 
THE AMBIENCE 
It has such a cute store front. It has a very relaxing feel to it. Try to snag a seat outside if there are any available. 
THE FOOD
I had the open faced breakfast sandwich. It had a healthy amount of veggies and a nice cream cheese like spread with more veggies. It was topped off with a fried egg - to which I added hot sauce! I also had a fresh pressed beat juice which was equally as good. They had a ton of pastries at the cash register that looked really tasty too! My friend had the breakfast sandwich. Considering that she never offered me a bite, it must have been really good. 
Will definitely be coming back!We tried this new place for breakfast the other day and loved it. Stood in line for a short minute, grabbed a table next to some friendly people. I had a yerba mate canned drink while my boyfriend had both a bottled juiced drink and a coffee. I ate the green eggs and ham sandwich on toasted wheat (good, but not exceptional), while my boyfriend got the salmon bagel dish that comes disassembled on a charcuterie board (soooo good)! The service was prompt and really friendly. The vibes were really laid back and with vibrant/mellow decor - a nice local, friendly neighborhood feel. Definitely gonna come back again.I come here all the time. Always satisfied. Coffee is great. Lunch is great. Pastries are delicious. Staff is friendly. What more can you ask for??So I love this place. It's quaint and nestled in a neighborhood. They have great food and their croissants are some of best I've ever had. They aren't flavored but it does not matter. They are fresh, crispy and oh so flaky. I gave the owner some feedback and he was so great about it. I was so impressed with his customer service. It's very important to me and it really can make or break a place. Kudos to them for understanding that. Check this place out if you're looking for something unique!!I love Satsuma. They have great coffee and the bacon, egg & cheese biscuit/sandwich never disappoints.Traveling out of the French Quarter is well worth it to go to this little gem of a restaurant.  Friendly staff and great food. Mingle with the locals!The only thing to complain about here is the long line at lunch or brunch time. If you like breakfast foods and sandwiches, this is your place! And it's well worth the wait. Everything on the menu is amazing and the wait staff is efficient. Best latte I've had in years- the foam was so thick and creamy! Today I had the green breakfast sandwich on a croissant, and last time I had the mexican breakfast. One convenient thing here is the self-serve special utensils, spices, and filtered water, along with expected array of milk products for coffee. Also A+ bathrooms ;-)Brunch is my favorite meal of the day and satsuma has helped to validate that point for me yet again. Adding bacon to the green breakfast sandwich was, undoubtedly, one of the best last minute calls I have ever made.
Make sure to get a large size of one of their juices to go so you can sip on it while wandering the streets of the suburb and admiring the beautiful architecture.Charming neighborhood breakfast/lunch spot. Food is fair. Not bad but haven't had anything to rave about. Conveniently located and always busy!Cute little spot. The food was pretty good. I'd come back to try other options... the espresso, nothing to write home about. I got the Turkey sandwich on ciabatta bread that came with a side salad. Really good sandwich which I finished completely! The staff was surprisingly dismissive for being Uptown...Big lover of breakfast foods at all hours of the day. This place is great!! The gluten free bread is made in house and really knocks your socks off. I plan on going many more times!Great restaurant for breakfast, lunch, afternoon coffee, etc. Always crowded but good service. Everything is fresh, healthy, and very tasty. I visited my daughter in NOLA for 7 weeks and we probably went here at least 9 times. A full board of specials every day, a juice bar and excellent coffee & cappuccino.Love this place. Reminds me of Boulder. Great selection of veggie-ish breakfasts and lunches. Soup is aways good. Counter service, but they deliver to you. Pretty crowded all the time so finding a seat is sometimes a challenge. Competent friendly service. Had BLT deluxe and bagel plate. Simple but fresh and yummy. Salads are super.I had a delicious carrot, quinoa, and cashew salad from here today. I ordered to go, walked over, and it was ready as soon as I showed up. There was a line, but the friendly server who called my order directed me to a separate register so I didn't have to wait long. I didn't stay in the place, but it seemed cozy. There were plenty of people visiting with friends or eating as they read a book. I think the salad I ordered costs $9, which I felt was appropriate; it was large and filling.I love this place and always feel semi-healthy eating here bc the food is so light! You order at the counter and they give you with a number on a stick and you seat yourself. They have outdoor seating, which is great bc sometimes it gets a bit too chilly inside for me. 
I usually get their mate latte. I tried it iced the last time, but I don't think they usually make it like that bc it wasn't good. Just get it hot. Lol. When I don't get that, I get a juice. It's a bit pricey but their juices are so fresh that I almost don't mind it! I haven't tried one I don't like! 
I love their yogurt and fruit bowl! The fruits change pretty often, I suppose it depends on the season. I've tried so many of their sandwiches and I've enjoyed everyone. But the most memorable for me is their turkey pesto. Because I love pesto. 
Try anything. I doubt you'll be disappointed.Satsuma Cafe is a pleasant surprise tucked away near the Tulane Campus.  Great fresh juices and breakfast/brunch/lunch options.  Had the Tofu Banh Mi which was tasty and an ABC juice (apple, beet, and carrot).  
It gets crowded, so come early for lunch and snag one of their indoor tables if it's hot or rainy outside.HUEVOS RANCHEROS. Satsuma perfectly executes Mexican style brunch. ABC is delicious and the restaurant is too damn cute. I forgot how much I loved this place.Interesting spot, have been to both locations, and both abide by the slower weekend morning pace of things. Place your order, take a number and a water, then patiently wait for your food to come. 
Outdoor seating with fans make for a slightly sweaty, but comfortable setting. Or indoor seating is a bit tight as place is usually packed with families and young couples.
Big fan of the beet lemonade and they are one of the few places to have fair trade coffee in Nola. Have had lunch and breakfast on separate occasions. They accommodate to soy vegans and veggie vegans by subbing quinoa for tofu. Veggie wrap is great too with hummus, better than the average veggie wrap. 
Good place to share a breakfast over healthy juice or a croissant sandwich.This is one of my brother Peta's favorite places to hang out in New Orleans.   The food is excellent!!   My family went to eat there the day of his life celebration.Good prices good food. Fresh squeezed juices are delicious. People are friendly and they make your food pretty fastPerfect place to grab a nicer breakfast, really attractive restaurant and location. A little pricey, but fresh and tasty bagel sandwiches might be super worth it.Great menu to choose from! I love fresh pressed juices, so it was great being able to have that with breakfast. It was a little late for breakfast though, so I went with something a little more brunch-y. I am a huge fan of lox, so I got the bagel plate. I did not expect it to be so nicely plated! Every little ingredient spread out beautifully on a board for you to make a delicious lox bagel. It's a lot less simple than it sounds. You get cream cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers, capers, sprouts, and red onions. There's also a nice fresh vibe here!Really great cafe to grab a quick bite, some good coffee, or sit around and do some work or read a book.
The food is tasty and fresh and the environment is very laid back. It isn't a spot for a heavy breakfast, but something on the lighter side so you can easily start your day.
A few of us did the avocado toasts, with the lox, and enjoyed. Someone else got a breakfast sandwich. Everything was delicious.Popular spot just a short walk from the Airbnb I stayed at last summer, with an Uptownish-but-not-pretentious vibe. Happily gorged on the most delicious gluten free carrot cake I've ever had. Coffee wasn't my favorite, but the cake certainly made up for it!This is a young relaxed cafe, with a really great atmosphere. Went here for brunch on a Sunday morning, and there was a long line but it went quickly and was worth the wait. The food was delicious, I had the Satsuma Cuban which I highly recommend for those who love pork. They also make freshly squeezed juice and you can choose the ingredients.Nice and cozy place. We went on a rainy Sunday afternoon so it wasn't busy. Still a decent amount of people. I got the ham and brie melt which was good but the peppers and onions were too sweet for my liking so I took it off and it was perfect. It was dressed with sriracha which gave it a kick. The side salad that came with it was light and fresh; spring mix with onions and diced tomatoes with a light vinaigrette. No obnoxious cheeses which was a plus. I also got a plain pancake because I was craving it. It was sweet so a light dip in the syrup was perfect. My boyfriend had the green eggs and ham croissant sandwich. He really enjoyed it and I did too when I had a bite! He also got the granola fruit and yogurt thing and he liked it but the fruit wasn't as fresh as he wanted and the granola had too much cinnamon. 
Overall neat place! I will come back again to try the juices and other dishes.The people here are nice!
There are a few healthy drinks demonstrated in the refrigerator
The grapefruit juice is fresh and the sandwich is really delicious.If you live in the neighborhood, this is an excellent place to stop by for breakfast or lunch. All of their breakfast menu options are awesome, and their specials menu never disappoints.  The only downside is that it can get very crowded. If you're going on a weekend, I would try to go before 10 to beat the crowd.One of my favorite breakfast spots.  I keep it traditional with the Satsuma Breakfast Plate, which comes with two eggs, bacon, fruit, black beans, and a biscuit or toast (get the biscuit!).  They're on point every time I go, even if the line is sometimes out the door (Saturday or Sunday morning).  The juices are fantastic, if a little pricey.  Also, the more extravagant choices are delicious. The atmosphere is great, very clean and comfortable.  Finally the staff always seems to go the extra mile to be friendly, which makes returning time after time an easy choice.
Highly recommended!Consistently great food, service, and environment. The place stands out in a neighborhood full of possible stops. Never disappointed.Wonderful! Was happy that dogs were allowed and to be able bring my pup to breakfast with me! Made us both feel very comfortable. Staff was friendly and food was yummy! :)Amazing food that I love AND my kids love (which is hard to find). You have to try the green eggs and ham!!Just so nice, I thought. Wake up and go here with people you love. You'll have many options and eat fresh food made with care.Food is really good. I really like their breakfast sandwiches, they are just soooo smal. Id havr to order like 2 things to get fullWhat an awesome spot for good coffee, good juices, pastries, and breakfast! I had an Americano which was delicious with some good crema. I also got a juice which was excellent. My egg, bacon, and cheddar on a biscuit was also very satisfying. My boyfriend got the green eggs and ham and was a happy camper. I will definitely hit up this spot again when I go back to NOLA. Also can we flak about how cute the logo is?Excellent little neighborhood cafe with vegetarian options available. Delicious food ! A quick bite to eat but still one that leaves you feeling like you got a chance to sit for a moment and relax. This is a busy cafe that has a lively and vibrant atmosphere brimming with the sounds of people's conversations. 5 stars to the amazing banana caramel pancake that was 1 inch thick and about the size of a pizza !So incredibly lovely. 
The large windows and open kitchen, along with the laid back music and calming decor, make this a killer spot to spend hours on your laptop doing work. Their popeye juice (spinach, lemon, kale and apple) was fantastic, and made me feel like I was actually doing something healthy for my body after a week of vacation eating and boozing.OK.... I had to update this review. I have been here a few times since the last time and have grown to like this place. The coffee is one of the best available uptown (I believe they use the cold brew system mmmmmm) and also their juice selection and options are super cool (while pricey).
Why 4 and not 5? Well, every time I go here there is still food service issues. Most recently I was here yesterday and my friend got a breakfast plate and I got a piece of quiche and a soup... both not huge time items for a kitchen to make. Well... we were on the same number for service (they use a number system for bringing out food) yet all of our items came out 5 minutes apart. It was 15 minutes between my friend getting his plate and me getting my quiche slice... just not a good thing when trying to enjoy a bite with a friend. They were not even busy!
But, beyond that, the food is tasty and fresh. You can tell they really pay attention and use quality ingredients which is more than you can say for a lot of places around this neighborhood. They also have some cool twists on normal items, like their really cool soup selections. Try it out! Great place to meet up with someone and have a nice conversation over a quick bite.Always great. Good food and Privately owned, thus the owner caress, contributes, and appreciates his clients. The food speaks for itself. We have eaten here more times than I can count, and have never had a bad experience. Try it out, you will not be disappointed.This place is absolutely amazing. I have been the the Bywater and Uptown locations and both are consistently delicious. 
The Mexican breakfast plate and Brie sandwich are both to die for and crowd pleasers with all of my friends. The only little disappointment were the juices. Sometimes they are great and sometimes they are too spicy or have too much fennel, they're just generally inconsistent.
However, the pineapple ginger limeade is one of my favorite drinks of all time. It's perfectly sour and sweet and has that nice kick from the ginger.
Definitely somewhere everyone who is visiting or living in New Orleans needs to try. I love it here.Great fresh foods. Lovely staff and a VERY clean shop. We had breakfast sandwiches here and we all marveled at the flavors. 
I tried the satsuma limeade- it was good but honestly I loved the $7 bottled juice I got even more. 
Come and enjoy. It's calm and inviting.The place is sort of tucked away near Magazine street so you have to park on the street which wasn't that much of a problem. I ordered an iced chai latte but I didn't like it very much, it was too milky and not that much cinnamon flavor. I also got the avocado toast and shared the strawberry compote french toast with my boyfriend. The avocado toast was very good, just the right amount of avocado and citrus flavor. The french toast was good as well, they used brioche bread which made it extra dense and sweet.Excellent service, quality of Ingredients is superb. Try the freshly squeezed orange juice or the bacon cheese and eggs sandwichRelatively new cafe. I love open spaces..this 1 is and lively. I ordered salmon and egg, I would give it 3 stars. The reason I rate it a 4 is really not that deep. I just think it's a cool spot to grab brunch. Not a fan of the parking, but it forces you to get that 'much needed' exercise. 
Really want to geaux back for the Juice that every girl in America was waiting for!!So glad this opened up in my neighborhood! This place is right up my alley: it's healthy, fresh, and they have awesome juices and coffee. I have dined in many times and also ordered out. They are quick and friendly. The green breakfast sandwich is simple and filling (especially when you get it on an everything bagel-mmmm!) 
They have a wide variety of juices (the sweet tart is my favorite) and pastries if you want to go for the lighter meal and they have new specials daily and each one I have had has been delicious. 
People complaining about the prices obviously don't know how much real food costs. The juices have 4 or 5 different fruits and veggies in them and can be a meal all in itself. 
The atmosphere is clean and modern. There are tables inside, outside, and high chair seating at a counter looking out into the street (my favorite spot to eat).
I highly recommend this place for a "feel good after you eat" breakfast or lunch. Definitely have a juice while you are there.You should come here for every single meal that you possibly can. This place is probably my favorite restaurant there is, and when I left NOLA after college, this is probably what I miss the most. 
All of their juices are amazing, the popeye is my favorite. The pear and brie melt. Unreal. The quinoa avocado salad. So good. The Gluten Free Chocolate Cookie is hands down one of the best cookies I've ever had, and I'm not GF. 
If you live in the area and you haven't eaten here yet, truly what are you doing with your life?Food is good, but give yourself at least a hour if you're eating here, incredibly slow serviceI had been meaning to try Cafe Satsuma since it opened but hadn't made it there until today. First off, the space has amazing natural light and a simple, clean interior. The acoustics aren't great- it's a little loud inside but that is my only complaint! There is plenty of seating and although it looked busy we had an easy time getting a table. Service was friendly and our food came out within 10 minutes of ordering! I had an egg scramble with sweet potato, pesto, and kale that was absolute to die for. I could tell the ingredients were fresh, the menu offerings healthy and inventive, and the flavor was incredible! The scramble was a weekly special but I hope it's added to the permanent menu- it was so delicious! My friend had the pear, brie, and carmelized onion sandwich which was also fabulous. I didn't try any of the fresh juices (including beet lemonade!) Satsuma serves but they looked wonderful and I will definitely have one on my next visit. Overall a really great experience at a top-notch restaurant. Expect to pay $8-11 for food- reasonable given their fresh ingredients, large portions, and fast service.Quaint, cozy, clean, friendly, and consistent!!!!
Wonderful place on a quiet corner in a lovely area of town. The lattes are some of my favorite and try the special BLT.This place has fantastic food and a great feel. The staff is so nice I wanted to send them a thank you card.The special BLT is heavenly and it's a great environment, supa trendy! They juicin like no other! But i have just a couple problems... its on the expensive side for a full meal and it can take a second for your food. All in all, this place gets down.The Raw Salad was bitter and had someone tasted it they would have known to add another ingredient for balance. Also the long pea sprouts are silly because they are impossible to eat with a fork. I was unimpressed with their limited sandwich choice and would not come here again.I love the food at Satsuma, but the staff is unbelievably rude. This never fails-- they ALWAYS have an attitude, some of them even as going as far as making extremely inappropriate comments about tipping...It's a shame because as I said, the food is great, but I rarely go anymore because the staff is so unpleasant.Great gluten-free options! A little expensive for the amount of food served, but nevertheless, the food is high quality and fresh. Only thing stopping me from going to Satsuma more is my dwindling bank account!I still haven't been to the original location, but I enjoyed my meal on Maple. I had the special pancake of the day, raspberry with orange zested whipped cream, and for 5 bucks it was the right amount of food and much better than your average pancake. My husband got a smoked salmon sandwich that he really liked, and the side salad was very good. The only thing that bummed me out was my fresh squeezed apple juice tasted a bit like vegetable juice. I'm guessing they have one juicer and a little residue made its way into my juice. My husband didn't mind it, but I don't like vegetables in my juice so for about the same price as my pancake, I was kind of pissed. But I didn't complain so I really didn't give them a chance to make it right. I will definitely go back, just not for juice.I understand paying a premium for quality ingredients. However, unless the eggs came from a chicken cloaca blessed by a thousand highland Tibetan monks which confer onto everything that passes through it the power to make you beloved by all who lay their eyes upon you for eternity, then $15 is a little steep for a simple breakfast and coffee. If the eggs are indeed sourced as such, then it's a bargain. The Mexican breakfast is served over black beans, which are flavored with cinnamon or some other spice that should definitely not be in beans, much less breakfast beans. 
The kale salad is usually very good. I've had other salads with flavors that were not so well-balanced, such as a way over-dressed strawberry salad. The ambiance is great with ample windows and outdoor seating. The juices are good, but I'm taking a star off because they went up in price/oz and are no longer made fresh to order. Now you have to buy it in a wasteful plastic bottle and too bad if you don't want lemon in your beet juice. 
The place perfectly fits the fresh and healthy trend that white people and hipsters so treasure, and to many this place can certainly do no wrong. The ingredients they use are definitely good. But based on the way the ingredients are put together and on the price as a whole, I can't give this place more than 3 stars. I'll definitely still come here when I want to eat a good salad and sit outside when it's nice though.Love this place! It's casual, fast, and the food is super delicious and fresh with lots of healthy and interesting options! 
The salads are awesome, and the Satsuma breakfast is to die for. To this day, they make the best biscuit I've ever had. 
The staff is always super friendly and helpful. It's also nice to call in your order for pick up if you're in a hurry. 
Love Satsuma!A favorite breakfast stop for my family. Nice size, lighter choices. We got a couple of the specials, some quiche and a salad. My kids are a fan of their giant cookies.Two stars because the OJ was good. However, I would not come to this place. I love my delicious fruit that is fresh. I got fruit bowl, which was more like a fruit cup. The kiwi wasn't even skinned. The apples tasted super old. The banana was okay. Thanks God I had fresher fruit in my bag so I decided to add it. Please don't come here. Usually not this negative in terms of reviews, but what a big disappointment.Ok.  I got a pork sandwich with roasted pepper and spinach and wished I had gotten eggs or French toast once I saw my neighbors meal.  We got there before the rush, but previously we have driven passed and it is packed.  I dont think I would want 15minutes to eat here but it is OK if I dont want to cook breakfast on the weekend.I really like this place... good coffee, friendly service, and fresh food.  It's not the best coffeeshop to go for if you're looking for a quiet morning to get some work done.  Which is a bad thing if you're a student/work-from-homer, but a great thing if you're stopping in to relax and catch up with friends.  Fantastic lattes!  I've only had a few of their breakfast items, but they were all really tasty.  Their fruit/yogurt bowls are one of the only ones in town that I'll actually buy because it's well portioned and extremely fresh.I'll keep this short and sweet. Great food. Great ambiance. you will love it, I promise you. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Also the juices are amazing!With a lot of options for a cafe in this area, esp on maple, this is the BEST one! Where a lot of coffee tea shops don't have a good variety of tea - I can always get a great flavor here! They also have hard boiled eggs if you need a quick energy boost and the muffins are insanely good! Order a breakfast sandwich and you get YOUR CHOICE of egg (scrambled, over easy, sunny side up, etc). Where else can you customize your breakfast? LOVE this place!Good food, but when it came down to paying for my food , the cashier , Brad( i asked for his name),  took my girlfriends card and before swiping it, Insisted on paying. I gave him my card, he rolled his eyes, took my card and swiped it. Shortly after swiping my card, he threw it on the counter and asked me to sign the merchant copy of the receipt. Brad was VERY Nice and considerate towards the Caucasian male in front us but when we came to to order his attitude instantly changed. I honestly feel like he was discriminating my girlfriend and I. Terrible first experience. Sucks that good food always come with terrible service. Way to go brad.I wanted something quick and healthy in the area which led me to this place. The cafe blends in with the neighborhood so if you're not too familiar with the area, I recommend using your GPS. I got lucky with parking right in front of the restaurant but like many restaurants in the area, parking can be difficult if the place is packed. Once entering the place, you order at the counter. They don't have too many options so picking something shouldn't be too hard.
I had the Asian tofu scramble which is tofu in green coconut curry. I love tofu and this was a new way of seasoning for me. Plus, it came with toast and jam. The jam was super delicious. I felt healthy and full afterwards. The croissant sandwich was pretty good too so if you want something more fulfilling, that is another option. 
They also serve coffee (fair-trade) which was the most important part of my breakfast. So come check this place out if you haven't already!Food: some special egg scramble they threw together. Roasted red peppers, sun-dried tomatoes, squash. Nothing terribly exciting, under-seasoned. The squash wasn't cooked completely. The sourdough toast was on the cold side.
Atmosphere: cute decor, very open floor space. Nice, giant wooden tables. Not terribly comfortable metal chairs. 
Noisy at lunch. Woman noisy, with that overlying tone of shrill middle-aged woman who always talks too loudly to her friends, as though volume is a good substitute for content.
Carrot juice was good and fresh.This is a great spot.  You order at the counter and they hand you a numbered card bring to your table.  We ordered the special pancake of the day and the Satauma Breakfast Plate.  Everything was prepared well - but the biscuit was exceptional.  
The restaurant felt large, open, and airy (though there are few tables - around 14 or so with about the same number of counter seats that face the window).  
Certainly would eat at Satauma Cafe again (I'd like to try the juice offerings)Very clean establishment. Menu is limited. I had the breakfast sandwich on gluten-free bread. The bread was as flavorful as any gluten-free bread is, I guess. My fiancé had a breakfast plate. All-in-all, good, but not a stand-out. Give it a shot. You be the judge.DELICIOUS! I had their yogurt and granola breakfast, and it was refreshing! Their juices were fun too. My friend had a watermelon lemonade, which was perfect in that it was not too sweet and not too sour. I had the Calcium Injection, which wasn't my favorite. It tasted like a green bloody mary. But overall, the café was a great place for lunch!Pear and brie sandwich is fantastic. Creamy and refreshing all at once. Nice little neighborhood spot, clean and friendly. Will definitely return.The food here is light, colorful and delicious. The last time eating here I got breakfast with a friend, and we ate outside which was really beautiful. The place is definitely a little overpriced, but it seems to be aimed at health-inclined city folks with a little more money. She got a smoked-salmon and caper bagel plate, and I got a migas-style omelette. I also loved the ginger lemonade, which was refreshing and not too sweet.Delicious! Everything is so aesthetically pleasing, from the decor to the meal presentation. Definitely will be coming back.If I could give 0 stars for service and 5 stars for food I would. Don't go during the lunch rush because when they're busy, your patronage matters 0 to them. I took my mom to this place because the food is phenomenal, but apparently despite the fact that they have a lunch rush daily and expect it, they become rude, impatient, and belittling to a guest who visits when they are busy. My advice to a restaurant would be: If you're unable to handle a lunch rush, hire more staff or train your staff to deal with stress without lashing out at guests. A simple adjustment to a meal to accommodate a food allergy should not be cause to make someone feel as though they've put you out in such an extreme manner to make them consider canceling their order and walking out (which we almost did). This is the second time we have come that the service has been beyond rude with the excuse that "it's the lunch rush". The other day, my mom put her book on a table and got in line and when she went back her book was gone, picked up by a waitress who said "you can't hold a table without a number indicating you've ordered," when there are no signs indicating this rule. A restaurant should have more care and courtesy toward their customers and politely say, "sorry we can't accommodate a substitution," rather than rolling their eyes and saying "I mean, I guess" and making the guests feel like a burden. We pay you for your service and food, not the other way around. And at this point, I think it will be a long time before I muster up the desire to come back to Satsuma Maple, despite their exceptional food, juices, and coffees.I love this place. The food is good with fresh ingredients, and the cucumber lemonade is great.  The staff is friendly and service is good, only reason its not 5 stars is that its a bit expense for a casual weekday lunch.I found this restaurant to just be so so. My bagel and smoked salmon was a little bland. The cappuccino was very good and my friend's pancake was good. I wasn't wild about not getting a table before your ordered. What happens if you order breakfast and find yourself with no place to eat it? Also, no mimosa or Bloody Mary! I guess I'm just happy to pay a little more for a little more service and decadence with my brunch.Great coffee, tempting baked goods, and creative, inspired breakfast plates. Everything I've had here is great end made with good ingredients with lots of gluten free, healthy and fresh food options. The decor is simple but fresh and bright with nice outdoor seating too. Tends to be busy but turnover is pretty fast.Must try the vegan, gluten free chocolate chocolate chip cookie! Fresh juice is excellent, coffee clean strong and delish, food is healthy, ambiance is fun, and service is on point! I love options and this spot delivers some real good ones! Thanks!After too much Bourbon street and greasy New Orleans food, this cafe was a breath of incredibly fresh air and delightful food. Gluten free options, high quality ingredients and friendly staff made me actually try both locations.satsuma has joined my list of New Orleans hidden gems! A very simple, cozy, low key breakfast spot with excellent food! We tried the yogurt and granola bowl, the green sandwich, and the chai tea latte - everything was great. I LOVED the breakfast sandwich - it was delicious and filling but not heavy at all! Great staff, location, and menu.My breakfast go to is a bottomless coffee with an avocado toast, while my lunch is their sensational black bean burger. This place has that aura of airiness, and always leaves you feeling like you are more healthy than you were before eating there.A relaxed and trendy atmosphere and a great selection of food for everyone including lots of vegan options. We came here for brunch and it was fantastic. Not expensive and the coffee was wonderful! Great service, we will be back!The food is always amazing. I come here for brunch often. Definitely one of my favorite uptown breakfast places.I absolutely loved Satsuma. It's one of my favorite breakfast places in the city. Although there is rarely an open table when you walk in, I have yet to try something I don't like. The food is delicious and very fresh. Definitely worth the wait!I have lived on Maple Street in New Orleans for three months and uptown in general for 2.5 years. During my time uptown, I have heard rave reviews of Satsuma Cafe, but have not had a chance to indulge in their cuisine and coffee offerings. Today, I decided to give it a shot and put to rest the constant hounding from strat girls and friends alike to eat at Satsuma!
It was my first stop of the day on a Monday morning at around 11 am, and it was busier than I had expected. The line to order was almost out the door. I decided to go the classic route and ordered the avocado toast with lox and a 12oz Mocha for dining in. The total for my meal was $16 with tax. I took my number and headed to a table outside and watched as fancy cars and bougie people came and went from premises. The coffee came quickly, but the food did not. However, I didn't care. It was a beautiful day outside, and I was enjoying myself.  When the food finally came, I took a picture before indulging so that the world would finally know I had my Satsuma cherry popped.
I tried the mocha first. It was delicious and beautifully presented. 10/10 would recommend. Upon closer inspection of the toast, I was skeptical. It didn't look all that special. Nevertheless, I began to eat the toast and wow was I disappointed. I just sat there for a moment waiting for Ashton Kutcher to come out of nowhere and tell me I had been punked. However, no such thing happened. The avocado toast here sucks, and I was robbed of $11.
Let me break it down for you. 1) You get ONE cold slice of store-bought sourdough. 2) Less than a whole fairly flavorless avocado. 3) Unimpressive scrambled eggs that look and taste like they were pulled out of a warming drawer and thrown on my plate. 4) A sprinkling of sliced radishes and garden greens. 5) If you spring for the lox, don't hold your breath, for $5 extra dollars you get two average slices of store-bought lox. This entire meal minus the coffee could be made at home in less than 5 minutes for 5 dollars. I guess the only difference in making it at home is that it would probably be hot when you eat it.
Wow, this place is base. I simply do not understand why anyone would eat here. The food could not be more average in quality, and the prices are outrageous for the product. I have no problem paying $11 for avocado toast, but I have some expectations of what a meal at that price point should provide. The eggs should be fluffy farm fresh. The avocado should be a generous portion and flavorful. The bread should be house made and so should the lox. The jury is out on whether I will I will give this place another shot. This restaurant deserves one star but the coffee is good, so I can't do that. Next time I have 11 dollars to throw away, I might consider coming here again.Okay I miss Satsuma already!!! I still can't really figure out why this place is so good, but it just is. Their keep their menu pretty traditional and simple, but the ingredients put it over the top. Everything is fresh, flavorful, and perfectly seasoned. The juices are INCREDIBLE. I ordered another orange juice after I finished my first one in like 2 minutes. 
Yes there's always a line and there's always a wait, but it's worth it for clean, fresh food and an affordable price. The coffee is okay...but I would choose the juice instead and head across the street to Starbucks if you really need your fix!Visiting friends for a week near the Tulane campus, and our host directed me to Satsuma on the first day. Today is my 4th day in a row coming back for breakfast or lunch. Outstanding.
Friendly, helpful staff. Great coffee. Good wifi. Try the pancake of the day!There is a vegan black bean and quinoa burger on the new menu now and it is super awesome!Delicious, healthy food and fresh juices in a beautiful cafe! Our current  favorites: Immune booster juice, Brie and pear melt, quinoa salad.A little order at the counter shoppe that offers innovative vegetarian/vegan friendly cuisine perfect. The stable menu is tasty, but the real gems lie in their specials of the day, with a daily changing du jour pancake, juice, and other meals, this menu shows where satsuma's ingenuity lies: in its abundance of dining options that are different than your usual NOLA cuisine. Want a coffee shop with WIFI to plop down and do some work- Satsuma's got it? Need a bakery with some sweet delectables- Check (their king-cake with strawberry goat cheese cream filling was elected as my tops for the 2013 mardi gras season). 
My favorite things about their menu is the healthy friendly dining options and the plethora of different juices to cure the ailments brought about by New Orleans' humidity or drinking-heavy culture. Also, you can sit outside in the sun, watch the local pups pass by as the restaurant is situated in a very friendly neighborhood on Maple Street. The line moves quick and the tables turn over faster than you'd expect. In all, the spirit of their food keeps me coming back, and I hope it inspires fellow vegetarian conscientious restaurants to the uptown area. Where else am I able to find a lentil pattied sandwch with pickled onion, green salsa aioli, sprouts and avocado atop sourdough bread in the city? 
My only downside with this restaurant is the prices which (food platters around $10, juice glasses from $4-6) keep me from being a regular, and the options on the regular menu where in honesty I could make myself. I would stay on the special menu, their bakery and juices/fruit-ades, and as for the regular menu: the lox is outstanding. It can be hectic with the line at times, but if you wait the extra 5 minutes to grab a table outside it will not disappoint. Lastly, this is Satsuma's second location with the first being on Dauphine street- I have not tried the original but it is near the top of my dining list!Great variety of options from greasy/cheesy comfort food to juices, vegan and healthy meals. Very pricey as it is adjacent to carollton and close to Tulane and Loyola. Staff is courteous and accommodating, food presentation and flavor is wonderful. The outdoor seating makes for an extra relaxing meal.Satsuma is a staple of locals who are looking for great food in a great environment. Brunch on Saturdays and Sundays gets busy around like 10 or so, but I am normally there early enough to avoid that. There are new, innovative brunch specials- a scramble or a brunch plate ate the best. I'm vegan, and when it isn't super busy, they are able to make some substitutions for me (tofu instead of eggs, extra veggies instead of meat, and avocado instead of cheese). This makes my day as there is nothing worse than being pumped for brunch and then not being able to have it. There are worse things, but that still sucks. They marinade their tofu in advance, so they warn you the flavors aren't ideal, but it is still good. If they aren't able to make substitutions, there is a vegan tofu scramble on the main menu. They recently changed this from a black bean scramble to a spicy one with red peppers. I prefer the tofu they used in the black bean one, but oh well. Their juice is awesome as well! They usually have a double chocolate chip cookie that is vegan and sometimes a coffee cake. Love this place.Yummy yum yum for breakfast. I love the menu, all fresh and for the most part healthy stuff. So far I have had the Mexican breakfast twice, and how good it is!!! The black beans are so good they taste like they made them in house, the eggs and the pico are fresh and yummy and the cool avocado is such a good compliment to it all.  The pancakes are to die for, always a fresh pancake flavor of the day, I have had blueberry and almond and the blackberry ones, fluffy and delicious. I went to lunch, and I have to say that is where the one star came off. It wasn't as good. The turkey sandwich I had was super good, had pesto, goat cheese, arugula and pickled onions on it, but the bowl of leek soup I had and my friend's BLT weren't any thing impressive. The soup was very bland and kind of tasted like flour. The BLT had floppy greasy bacon, should be nice and crispy and this is just me, but the bread on a BLT should always be toasted. It wasn't so bad that I won't go back, but I won't order those things. The best thing there is the coffee, it's soooooo good and they just keep filling your cup if you eat there.A fine cafe for breakfast, lunch, or just a coffee or something.  My raw market salad was great, and so are the other options my family has tried.  Very pleasant experience, near Tulane.I have been to Satsuma twice. The first time I went to this restaurant, I was blown away. The juice was light and refreshing, while the scramble that we received was delicious. I also ordered the French toast, which was one of my favorite dishes in NOLA ever since I moved here.
When I came back the second time, I was very disappointed. I ordered a BLT and halfway through my sandwich, I looked at the piece of lettuce and it was covered in dirt. The lettuce was not washed at all. Aside from the dirty lettuce, the BLT was average, and the lime almond muffin was pretty good. 
I hope the dirt covered lettuce that I receive is not representative of the other food options that have veggies in them. If yes, I am very concerned.Very fresh feeling to the place - and a very delightful breakfast, as well! I went on one of the mornings during the Mardi Gras weekend and the place was pretty full, but I was able to find a table outside. The food came a little more slowly than one might expect from a breakfast cafe, but it was well worth the wait. I am excited to go back the next time I travel down to New Orleans from Baton Rouge.I love this place! I've had the green sandwich on a croissant. It's affordable, correctly portioned and delicious!Lovely breakfast spot!
A constant line the whole time, it is clear this place is a local favorite. The menu offers a wide variety of options, ranging from salads, to pastries, to more traditional pancake/egg dishes. The orange juice was the freshest it could possibly be!
I thought the portions were small, and the quality was not quite 5 star, but is certainly worth checking out, maybe on a weekday when the lines are shorter. Very friendly staff, and quick service.This is my new favorite lunch spot! Great juice options, fun environment, and always excellent food and service! My current favorite is the salmon melt!I am absolutely obsessed with this sandwich! The Salmon melt is a little piece of caper creamy salmon on sour dough bread heaven. I often get it for breakfast and I am not a fish in the am girl. The flavor combinations, fresh juice and healthy factor really make Satsuma a gem in the Bywater. Thank you for providing us with a great small local eatery!This is a cool place to come for a healthy breakfast. They offer a variety of juices and you can build your own juice. Also the area is pretty cool reminded me of a Hyde park feel in Tampa. Little mom and pop small businesses and cool hipster restaurants. This place had a lot of options for breakfast and lunch. I got the scramble special 3 eggs with tomatoes feta and you can choose a biscuit or toast. Very good filling breakfast. I got coffee with chickery (sp) root in it. They said it's an old Louisiana thing to make the coffee stretch but it had a nice sweet taste to it. I also saw people order green eggs and ham. I wonder how they make the eggs green. I meant to ask but I forgot. Otherwise if your looking to be healthier and want to explore other areas go to uptown. There are several other health conscious restaurants on this street.I really liked their food. But I tell you I'm not sure if it is great food. But it's nice. Great biscuits. I would definitely go back.
I was reading through the reviews and dang you guys with less than 4 stars think the same as I . The menu and food were lacking.So healthy and fun environment! Great place to visit! My family eats healthy and this was on point for them.I absolutely love this place and come every time in home! I have done lunch a couple of times and am here now for breakfast - the biscuit sandwich was delicious (crumby buttery biscuit with thick cut maple cited bacon..) and the Mexican plate was awesome - only downfall was it needed a little salt but I rather out it on myself than get something overly salted. 
Their juices are also amazing - just not exactly inexpensive if you come for lunch as well. 
Overall a great place that will leave you feeling good about yourself and what you put into your body without lacking flavor!So I've already waxed poetic about Satsuma Café in the review for the Bywater location, this is for the Maple St location.
Great food, great location, great environment.
I'm not a big fan of the layout at either Satsuma Café, but at least they are consistent.Negatives: The girls on staff are kinda uppity but whatever, right? They're "artists" and this isn't their real jobs probably. 
Service could be faster as it is a sandwich n a cup of juice/coffee type-place. Also I like a bit more meat between my sandwich buns. 
Hard to read the chalkboard menu sometimes? 
Also not the most filling meals at times. 
Positives: good ingredients and a healthy option on Maple street. 
Cool looking place with nice vibe and interesting looking folks inside.
Good place to take your parents or to ride bikes too on a nice day. 
Outside seating.I am kind of obsessed with Satsuma and have gone multiple days in a row, so I thought it was time to write a positive review. 
There seem to be a lot of negative reviews saying this is just a sandwich place and so WHATEV, but like, you guys gotta take this for what it's worth. If you're looking for fine dining this is not it, but it is literally an oasis of good, healthful (and not) whole foods in a desert full of deep fried. 
You order from the counter, and the menus are written above on chalk boards (there are also paper menus that are intended for takeout, but the blackboards can be hard to read). You order, take a number, go to your table, and in a few minutes your food will arrive. So, to the people talking about slow service.... what? 
The salads are awesome and super fresh. I love the kale salad, and appreciate that I can add protein (turkey, bacon, tofu, etc) at a reasonable cost. The fresh juices are great - i love the calcium injection for a dose of yummy greens. 
I'm also gluten free and their gluten free baked goods and homemade breads are AWESOME. Most gluten free bread tastes a lot like cardboard, but their's is actually GOOD. The gluten free double-chocolate chip cookie is amazing and fudgey and the stuff of celiac dreams. 
Everything I've had here has been super, super high quality and fresh. It's a much needed respite from most of New Orleans' rich and heavy cuisine. No, it's not cheap, but real, whole foods never are.Great sandwich, my egg was perfectly cooked the way I asked for. All mix ingredients with great taste and really fresh. Since I am a vegetarian, fresh greens matter to me and this guys just do an excellent work. Coffee perfect flavor and temperature. Attention was really good and kind, the cashier made sure to understand what I wanted. The very best was a ginger, beet, carrots and orange fresh squeeze juice! 100% recommended, for sure I will be back with my family.Healthy delicious and always consistent, which is important to me. Love this place. Always a great meal!I could seriously eat here Every. Single. Day. Breakfast, brunch, lunch, snacks. I first started going to their Bywater spot (back when I lived in that neighborhood) and now I frequent the uptown location when I'm visiting home. There is something for everyone, so it's super family-friendly no matter your dietary restrictions. I'm partial to the Green Breakfast Sandwich and the Avocado Toast AND their gluten-free double chocolate cookie. Worst thing about it is that now everyone knows about it!I live in San Francisco, and went to brunch at Satsuma during a trip to New Orleans while visiting my boyfriend's 90-year-old grandmother. She lives near Maple Street, and noted that Satsuma was new, so she hadn't been there yet. 
All three of us were very happy with our food; my boyfriend got the Green Breakfast Sandwich; his grandmother got the BLT, and I got the Mexican Breakfast Plate. We also got a couple of juices - the Green Drink and the Popeye - and coffee with hot milk.
We sat outside, as the juicer can be quite loud. The outdoor seating is spacious and easy, with options for sun or shade. 
Everything was delicious. My boyfriend is gluten-free, so he got the gluten-free bread with his breakfast sandwich. It was great! Flavorful and crunchy, I wouldn't have guessed that it was gluten-free. The greens were fresh and bright. His grandmother was very happy with her BLT; the bacon was thick and crispy. The tortillas on my Mexican plate were fresh and chewy, the perfect foil for the beans and eggs. 
The juices were fresh, with nicely balanced flavors. The coffees were hot and strong, with a creamy float of foamed milk. 
We went back in and got a couple of gluten-free cookies for dessert - a chocolate chocolate chip and a thumbprint with nutella. I was incredibly impressed with their gluten-free baked goods. I love baking, and I've had mixed luck with the recipes I've been finding since I started dating someone who is sensitive to wheat. Wow. Both cookies were amazing. The thumbprint was peanut-buttery and full of oats, a wonderful, rich, chewy base for the nutella. The chocolate cookie was one of the best chocolate cookies I've had in a long time, gluten-free or not. It was crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside, with a nice, dark chocolate flavor. 
We'll definitely be going back when we find ourselves in New Orleans again!I had been told that this was a place to check out. Got the quinoa salad. It turned up as a sloppy mess on my plate. The quinoa wasn't cooked properly, and was a slime like mess mixed with spinach leaves, olives and cherry tomatoes. To make matters worse the salad was overly dressed and not seasoned at all. I believe it was the worst salad I had ever had,One of the best breakfast places in NOLA. But beware, on weekends, it gets crowded! Regardless, it is worth the wait. I have taken out-of-town guests an it has never failed to satisfy and impress my guests.  Great fresh juices! Delicious biscuits and the fluffiest and lightest pancake I've ever tasted!! You won't be disappointed.Lots of delicious and healthy items here including a host of fresh and wonderful juices. Satsuma also caters to a lot of diets including gluten free and vegetarian options. I mostly frequent this place for breakfast/brunch but others eat here all day. It's bywater location has been so popular that they opened another location at the riverbend uptown. You order at the counter and they bring the food to you. It's a great choice for a quick hangover cure!i've been here at least 1/2 a dozen times.  if you dig affected hipsters serving you 'scrambles' that don't include the ingredients scrambled in (after asking you specifically, if that's what you want) and to have it paired up with some of the worst coffee for a NOLA breakfast spot, this is your place.  Not worth the price or the wait.  Satsuma is a constant disappointment in our neighborhood.  They ARE outstanding at being pretentious and put-upon.  they have that in spades.When it comes to coffee, there's a lot of expectations about "how to do it right." Satsuma does just that, but has a kick-butt location in a wonderful and large neighborhood setting. Recommend starting your day here and sitting outside. 
Delightful.Seven members of my husband's family met in New Orleans for a long weekend, and this was the best meal we had! It's a nice change of pace from all the deep-fried food that's available. We have vegans and celiacs among us, and everyone  was happy. My husband declared his gluten-free sandwich the best he's ever had, and the rest of us had really delicious sandwiches as well--grilled cheese, BLT, ham-and-brie. The gluten-free and vegan double-chocolate chip cookie would be worth the trip alone--gooey and delicious! If we're ever back in New Orleans we will definitely go back.Having lived in New Orleans for only a few months, there is lots of good food, but Satsuma is one of the few places we've been back to several times. Besides being closeby, this place  makes a small assortment of small simple dishes with an amazing attention to detail. The flavors are all perfectly balanced in a way that is surprising. You wouldn't think eggs on toast would be anything special, but they make it so.
Their coffee is also great and the service is friendly. It does get busy. The prices might seem a bit high, but the quality you get makes them worth it.This place was terrible. I don't understand the long line of people waiting to eat here.  Service not good and the food even worse.My sister loves this place, especially their Fancy BLT. I'm not that big of a fan but it's still pretty great. I'm going to come back this weekend and order a different sandwich and hopefully I'll develop an obsession with Satsuma as much as my sister has!If you are on death row and have been asked to order your last meal, let me suggest a chocolate chip cookie from satsuma for dessert. You will end your life a happy man (or woman).  Trust me in this....One of my favorite spots in the neighborhood!  My dog loves their peanut butter and bacon dog biscuits, too! The food, atmosphere, and service are always great!  Only negative is sometimes the line is too long on the weekends, but it makes weekdays more special!Had a superb cuban sandwich (not traditionally made i.e. not pressed but fantastic nonetheless), sufficiently strong coffee, and friendly and attentive service. Very good hipster watching and a rack of books to read to boot!I'm not really sure why this Café has such stellar reviews on Yelp. We ordered and then sat down to eat in their "courtyard," which is situated next to the garbage and is swarming with birds and flies. After waiting for 25 minutes for our food, we finally got it: uninspired and lackluster salads. I ordered the raw salad which was just that: apples, radishes, avocado, arugula, and pine nuts. With just olive oil as dressing. As a college student I could have made this from the ingredients in my fridge and probably have been more satiated. My tastebuds and my stomach left unsatisfied. Guess I'll be eating some more beignets today.This restaurant was passable, but definitely not great. Disclaimer: I'm a gluten free vegan New Yorker who has had her share of really amazing gfv food. This place just doesn't add up. The breakfast scramble of tofu and black beans is disproportionate: there should me more tofu than black bean, not the other way around. Also, the tofu itself is not properly cooked for a scramble. It should really have had the moisture cooked out of it more before it was tossed with the beans.
Instead, the tofu, wet and unworked, is mixed with beans and minimal spices with undercooked peppers, and the tofu scramble is complete! Except it's not.. it's not good.
The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars instead of 2 is that they had house-made gluten-free bread, which wasn't dry and overall was a great bite. The cappuccino was OK. And the decor is nice. I might return, but I wouldn't look forward to it.Super cute corner cafe. They have food to suit all diets: from clean eating to glutinous to vegan. They have a great selection of juices and smoothies and coffee drinks to choose from. I ordered the fresh squeezed orange juice which was great. I wasn't trying to be healthy so I opted for the green eggs and ham croissant-wich,  which was delicious and very filling. It was scrambled eggs cooked with pesto, provolone cheese and cooked smoked ham on a croissant. I would definitely recommended this little joint if you're in the area and looking for a good quick breakfast. Also this is an order your food at the register, grab a number and find a table kind of establishment. Not that that's a bad thing, I sometimes prefer this. I just feel it's a good thing to know as that detail can sometimes influence whether or not you choose to eat at certain restaurants.Five Stars well deserved.  Great cappuccino and the eggs and bacon breakfast was perfect.  The breakfast comes with an honest healthy serving of fruit - not a grape and a slice of banana that you typically get elsewhere.  The eggs were great but the bacon was even better.
This is a cute little coffee shop and cafe tucked back on a residential area of the Garden District.  Well worth seeking out if you are visiting New Orleans.  They have indoor and outdoor seating.  We enjoyed a beautiful morning outside during our visit.Totally drool-worthy sandwiches! I had the pork sandwich with avocado on their sourdough bread. I honestly wish I had ordered two. 
My sister had the brie, pear, and caramelized onions. What do I have to say about that one. It has brie dripping off of the edges. That should be convincing enough.
Super impressive for a slightly pretentious gentrifying hippy sandwich shop. (I say that with love.)I really enjoyed Satsuma.  We had some delicious fresh juice and great breakfast sandwiches. The green eggs and ham was the most notable.  It was super busy yet somehow all of the staff managed to be kind and helpful.  Friendly service, good fresh food (vegan and veggie options!), and a modern ambiance make satsuma a nice little breakfast/brunch spot.Really love this place. The turkey sandwich is fantastic and the only thing I get here. If they have a double chocolate cookie get that tooGreat food, I definitely eat here way more than I should. They are consistent in quality, and am thankful for the healthy options in New Orleans! Great baked goods, I am obsessed with the Kale Salad (try ordering it with the Lemon Vinaigrette!) Pricier for what you are getting, but still one of my favorite restaurants.This is my favorite breakfast joint in new orleans. I can't say enough good things about it. It has the home town feel and everything I've tasted has been wonderfully delicious!!!! TRY TRY TRY! You won't be disappointed. The fresh watermelon juice was to die for.I don't get it. This place might be the most over blown, over hyped and over rated restaurant in New Orleans. The food is not good, the juice is.. juice and it is all over priced. At my friends urging, I went to the Satsuma Uptown because it was promised to be better than the one downtown. No, it wasn't. Same bad food, small portions, stale bread, and counter service at sit down prices.  There are an endless supply of good, great and excellent restaurants in town. Go to any one of those places and enjoy a meal. And if you are bound and determined to have greasy eggs and raw bacon and an odd flavored juice, save your money, grab a Nantucket Nectar and go to Denny's.I visited Satsuma's for the 3rd time today. I return because the food is fresh, prepared to order, and servers/cashiers are helpful and pleasant.
Biscuits - I guess you have to wake up early in the morning to get one. Three visits. Three times sold out. (Croissants too...sigh) Holding back my 5th star until I get a biscuit and/or croissant.
Like ReFuel Cafe on Hampson, Satsuma's includes black beans with the breakfast plate. I'm a fan generally but these weren't too tasty. I wouldn't order black beans again. ReFuel beans are positively delicious.
Coffe (medium roast) was good. Not quite hot enough but locally distributed and included free refills.
All in all Satsuma has good food served by nice people.This place is perfect. If you come around 2, it's a very short wait. The pancakes and French toast are always offered with some unique special. The apple cinnamon pancake today was amazing. Portions are generous. Worth stopping by! Lots of pastries and dishes for those vegan or gluten free."Meh. I've experienced better." The Yelp description for two stars is the best way to describe this place. A few things:
Atmosphere: very good. If the weather is nice, the doors will be open and the fans are blowing. A lot of natural light. 
Pricing: Somewhat pricey. You can go to any other breakfast place in New Orleans and get the same thing for about the same price.
Food quality: "Meh." It's okay. It really isn't bad, but it's nothing that really blows me away. The Mexican Breakfast Plate is very good, but most plates don't offer a lot of food. The juices are okay, nothing too crazy. Do yourself a favor and go to Surrey's.SO very happy to see a breakfast cafe on Maple! Just what we needed. 
Green eggs and ham was very good. Huge pile of ham and lots of pesto in the eggs. Prices are a competitive with neighboring restaurants (which is a bit high).  Great hours. 7am-7pm EVERY day. (although I wish they opened at 6:30, so I could grab something before work)
I cant wait to try more of their menu.I have love for Satsuma. It's a crowd pleaser. Somewhere I can get something as decadent as a pear and brie grilled cheese or a vegan tofu scramble. They also make their own kombucha here and it's absolutely perfect. It's normally featured on the specials menu as a pineapple/ginger or watermelon/ginger flavor. Personally, whenever I get it I opt for just straight ginger. It packs a seriously tart and spicy punch that I just CRAVE. 
Some of my favorite picks from the menu are the Green Breakfast Sandwich, Open Faced Breakfast Sandwich, Salmon Melt, Tofu Scramble, Bagel Plate, Granola/Fruit/Yogurt, and their Turkey Sandwich. I could list more but I'll try to keep this review shorter than Homer's Odyssey. Yeah. I've been here a lot.
I've been on quite the health kick the past couple of months, so I'm definitely partial to the healthier options at the moment. Their yogurt is tart and topped with crunchy homemade granola, seasonal fruit, and a drizzle of honey. When I want something creamy and fresh on the go, this is what I order. The Tofu Scramble has a southwestern flair that I love when I'm hungover. I suggest ordering it with a side of avocado. Finally, their Turkey Sandwich. I'm going to be bold and say it could be the best Turkey Sandwich in New Orleans. It has a pesto aioli, roasted red peppers, arugula, and melty provolone cheese all on perfectly crisp ciabatta bread.
Two options that I love but can be a little inconsistent are the Salmon Melt and the Bagel Plate. I've received the Salmon Melt without capers multiple times, and the size of the homemade bagels range from normal to mini depending on the day. That being said, this rarely deters me from ordering them because everything is always tasty. 
The fresh pressed juices here are wonderful, but quite pricey. I love my green juice as much as the next girl but when a non-alcoholic beverage costs as much as the food I'm ordering, I'll stick to water instead. 
Overall, this place is great. The service is lovely, the specials are always on point, and if you come at the right time (not 12pm on a Sunday), you can even find some peace and quiet to pick up a good book.I've not had everything on the menu, but everything I've had is wonderful. I live just a couple blocks away from here and it is my "go to" place for breakfast a couple days a week. I love the fruit, granola and yogurt. They make their own granola and cut fresh fruit to order, plus the yogurt is incredibly fine quality. I'm pretty sure it's organic and probably local, as well. I've had lunch here, too, and it's pretty spectacular what they can do with quality, healthy ingredients and still make it taste so good you'd swear it was bad for you. Highly recommend this place.I ordered the kale salad over the phone on today, Monday, at 11. Whichever gentleman took my order over the phone was very polite and sweet. When I got there, the line was about 4 people out the door. The line moved way faster than I thought it would, which just goes to show the efficiency of the team working the registers. There was a girl with teal hair and a guy with glasses and dark facial hair. Neither of them were put-offish at all. I ended up next in the guy's line. He was very to the point but kind and not overtly or coming off to seem fake, which was pleasant. He got some brownie points for double bagging my 10 juices too. It's the little things sometimes haha. I had caught a lengthy train on my way there so I was mildly annoyed by the setback. The great customer service and the manner and efficiency in which they handled the volume made up for my grievance. I will add that the salad was deliciousSsSSs and the juices are always amazing. Thanks Satsuma Krewe for the lovely experience.Breakfast was good but there are some equally good if not better ones around uptown area. My biggest problem with them is their "No Ketchup" policy. What is wrong with having bottles of ketchup in a place that serves breakfast?  Sorry but I love my Ketchup.My favorite breakfast place. Everything is delicious. Scones are always to die for too. The scramble is always me favorites but also the quinoa bowl with an egg. you can add pork to the Mexican breakfast plate, it's so good!I tried the Mediterranean quinoa salad here and it was really good. Very fresh and a fairly large portion. The customer service was also very friendly and prompt. I would definitely come back.Great food! Very delicious! But... The portions were a bit small. The juice bar is a nice addition!Had lunch here for the first time.  Nicely done space.  The menu is a little limited but they offer pretty normal lunch and breakfast items.
Got the roast beef sandwich on their sourdough instead of ciabatta.  Very good roast beef and it comes with a great salad that is larger than many "side" salads that come with sandwiches.
I got the hand squeezed lemonade which was too tart for my taste so I wouldn't order that again.
Will definitely return.Overpriced and they skimp on ingredients.  If you have a special request it will be ignored even if you tip.  They gave me the wrong salad to go and it was so little food for the money.  I feel ripped off and won't be returning.  New Orleans is severely lacking good places to get healthy food.Healthy, hearty, and pretty delicious. I like the open face sandwich! Nice little local spot to grab a quick bite.The turkey pesto aioli sandwich is divine. I come here frequently, and always encourage friends to try it. There's a very cool and hip vibe being given off. The workers are incredibly friendly and the food is to die for. Highly recommended.Avocado Toast with egg whites and Lox.  Also had a Latte with Almond milk. Will definitely visit again! Lots of fresh, healthy options and located in a cute area of Uptown.Every time we visit New Orleans we make time to come here and every time I am very pleased. Good quality food, laid back nice staff and if you come during low key times it's very peaceful! I wish we had a Satsuma in Pensacola. One of these days we will catch up on how healthy can be delicious!I don't even live In New Orleans, but every time I come visit my daughter, a breakfast stop at Satsuma is a must!  We even took the whole family there when she graduated from Tulane! A perfect spot for breakfast or lunch, something on the menu will please everyone in your group.  And the food is OUTSTANDING! We live in Southern California and their take on Huevos Rancheros (I think it's called Mexican Breakfast? on their menu) is one of the best I've ever had.A great place just a couple blocks off Carrollton Avenue. Order at counter and then it is delivered to you. Casual, efficient.
Breakfast all day (I love the breakfast plate--black beans and fruit cup. Bacon cooked crisp). Recommend cheese grits, muffins and bagels too. Great cup of Joe!I came for breakfast and ordered the "pancake" and that is exactly what it was. One pancake for $5.50. Now I am not cheap but I was hungry- this was a total ripoff. Then I ordered the Brie and pear sandwich which was greasy and poorly executed. 
I went for a second time only to spend $9.00 for an avocado carrot cucumber sandwich that was again mediocre. 
Great atmosphere but the food is not for REAL New Orleanians.Good but not great. Not worth the money. We don't mind paying for good food, bit this was just ok. Trendy type place but marginal at best. Would't recommend.Good food but nothing to write home about. Relatively expensive for small portions. It is always packed, especially on weekends and school holidays (since it it very close to Tulane). I have enjoyed the roasted pear and brie melt and the quiche of the day. A good breakfast spot for a nice day, but don't be surprised if the line is out the door.
Food -- 3 stars
Price -- 3 stars
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 4 starsGreat relaxing atmosphere that is lively but not too loud. It is so nice to get breakfast food at 1pm on a weekday! I had a large cup of dark roast coffee that tasted delicious. In addition, I had the Satsuma breakfast plate with wheat toast. It came very quickly and tasted very good, too! I will definitely come again.Liked this location much MUCH more than the one in the Marigny. The outside seating is wonderful, especially with the wide benches. Inside has great natural lighting. Food was very quick, tasted fresh and delish and service was professional. A great addition to Maple Street!Oh, Satsuma. What would I ever do without you? You serve me some of the freshest ingredients and some of the best vegetarian and vegan options in NOLA. Not to mention your location is so convenient to where I live. My favorite has to be the Turkey sandwich on ciabatta bread with pesto, goat cheese, tomato, arugula and
pickled onions. Add a tall glass of their freshly juiced Popeye juice which includes spinach, lemon, kale, and apple and I've got a meal that has enough energy to get me through the day without a sweat!My friends and I visited Satusuma Cafe for a laid back book club brunch date. We went right after peak brunch hours so the cafe wasn't bustling & busy which was perfect for what we wanted to do. The green eggs and ham was so good! It's definitely a must try. I've visited a few times and the workers are always nice despite being very busy. My only thing is I wish their menu included sides. I would have loved a little something to supplement my sandwich with. Overall, definitely worth trying!This place is easy to love. It gets packed; I believe their issue is that they are all things to all people. It works for them...not a bad problem to have. From Sunday brunch to a post-workout or quick hangover fix, they have old fashioned juicing at its finest. The food--breads and breakfasts--caught my eye. Their espresso was above average. I'm a fan. For my life in NOLA, it's a little out of the way but I do think about this little gem often.When I walked in, nothing on the menu even seemed appealing. I love bagels, so my SO suggested the bagel
sandwich. I thought "great idea," and went for it. I had moderate to low expectations from this uptown hippy-ish "sit if you can find a place" venue, but even those were not met.
They only had 3 bagel choices: white, wheat, and everything. Wow...and you're a supposed breakfast/brunch place? Well, I guess I'll go with the everything so it at least has some flavor. I also ordered the lemonade - that would be refreshing after walking in the heat, right?
We had to sit outside, which wasn't that big of a deal. There was a little bit of shade, and I was thankful to be slightly separated from the noise and clanging dish-wear. 
After receiving our food, I proceeded to scrape the sesame seeds off of my bagel - which made being outside great once again because I definitely dispersed some sesame seeds. 
The bagel was cooked alright, but everything inside the bagel sandwich fell short. I could cook a better egg on a rock in the wilderness after finding eggs in a random bird's nest. No flavor. Whatsoever. I NEVER add salt and pepper to anything in a restaurant; I try to enjoy my food as the chef intended it to be appreciated. The salt and pepper could not come out fast enough! I even asked my SO to try to twist the cap off the salt so I could just pour it out. No little sprinkles were going to do the trick here. 
The lemonade wasn't awful, but I was very thankful to have a glass of water nearby. I just kept adding water to dilute it in order for it to be more palatable. I was 100% ready to go to any fast food place after eating here. It was edible, but definitely not satisfying or worth the price. Will not go back.Had great reviews and had even heard from others it was good. The food, and coffee were good, but the service and the staff were not. They gave off that vibe of how fortunate you are to have them wait on you. Not one "good morning" from the lot. Found a hair in my eggs, she said "oh let me take it back". Not one "I'm sorry from any one. I watched her take it to the kitchen and 3 people stare at it as if they did know what to do.Got breakfast here. Nice place, wide variety of options. Wasn't too happy with the tofu scramble but my fiancè's omelette was delicious. The coffee was ok, juices were good but on the pricey side. Overall decent place,  liked it because healthy breakfast options are available. Will go back.I've only been here for breakfast but rest assured, this is not your average breakfast spot.  Fresh and creative menu with plenty of options for carnivores and veggies alike. Gluten free? They have you covered too!  In fact, a gluten free friend of mine found that the gluten free pastries there were some of the best that she's had!  Lots of delicious juice options available including a most delicious watermelon lemonade.  Not a juice person? No worries! The coffee here is some of the best that I've had in the city.  The shop itself has a decent amount of seating. The staff is always very friendly and
helpful when trying to make those tough breakfast choices! Lol! My only complaint is that it can get a bit pricey but the trade off is a very happy tummy!I use to work in the area and I ate here quite often! The food is soooo fresh! I love it here because I would be able to eat, or drink my juice (or both!), and not have that heavy tired feeling after I eat. The food and juices are healthy and light, and will have you coming back for more! Great location, and cool atmosphere. I recommend.Chill atmosphere and great food.  Ingredients are always fresh and the juices are delicious and refreshing. Nice casual place to get brunch.Lovely cafe! Casual sit-down that serves mostly breakfast fare, sandwiches, coffee. Interior is clean, crisp, and airy. I got the pear/brie panini and it was absolutely delicious - flavorful and perfectly toasted! Ingredients are fresh. The coffee was excellent too. Service was also very friendly. 
You order at the counter and they bring the food to your table. There is both indoor and outdoor seating.
Location is great too - lots of dessert shops and a few small bars within walking distance. Will definitely be back!Cute place for a great breakfast, very busy at brunch time you have to stalk tables to grab one if you are with a larger party. Very much a NOLA vibe.Satsuma is a local breakfast and lunch restaurant where you order at the counter and they bring it to your table. A very healthy and excellent menu with great coffees and fresh squeezed orange juice, as a Celiac breakfast can be a challenge. I ordered the avocado toast with GF bread. This was so fresh and delicious I could hardly put stop to breathe while enjoying every bite. I may try something else next time, but as a visitor to NOLA, this dish was so tasty it may beckon me back.My husband and I spent the night in an Airbnb nearby and were happy to find this gem for breakfast. We both had the avocado toast. I had mine with lox. Very tasty and filling. Good coffee and great, relaxed atmosphere.New Orleans is not exactly the best city to be a vegan or vegetarian. So for those of you who are and have been struggling to find a new place to eat, Satsuma is a place you should check out. The only reason I give 3 stars and not 5 is because the a few of the tables were a little dirty/not cleaned when I was there. And I also thought it was a little too overpriced for the food. Also head's up, it's a order-at-counter-kind-of-placefoods good their lattes are so gross though. i got an avocado toast and it was pretty bomb but it's a coffee shop so their coffee should be good right? nah. tastes like bean water. very disappointing but that's lifeAs everyone else has mentioned, the place is overpriced.
I am by no means a picky eater, but every time I look at their menu all the items look great until they decide to throw one just absurd, vinegar soaked or pickled ingredient to mess it all up. Oh, and does ginger have to go in everything?I've begun to believe that any good restaurant in NOLA requires wait time to get in. I did think it was a good sign there were at least 10 people ahead of us but this place really needs to expand so people don't have to snipe tables as soon as people finish. The cafe has a very local feel where people come to relax. My order of pear and brie sandwich was pretty tasty. Came out hot and had a wonderful melding of tastes. I also tried my fiance's chocolate/orange glaze pancakes and those were some of the best pancakes I've ever had. Not too thick and just enough ingredients in the batter. His green sandwich which was avocado and something else was alright. The green juice (notice a theme?) was probably very healthy for me but didn't taste as sweet as I would have liked it. This place is worth a brunch trip if you are in NOLA looking for a place to chill.We visit Satsuma several times a week because of its convenience, tasty food, and pleasant staff.  The vibe is hippie casual, and you order at the counter. Their menu offers sandwiches, salads, pancakes, egg dishes, coffees, and fresh juices (all day breakfast!) I'm also a big fan of their baked goods. The scones are the best I've ever had, and the double chocolate cookie is life-affirming.  
This particular Satsuma, due to its location on Maple Street, is best enjoyed in the early mornings or during college breaks. At peak times, seating can be hard to come by. Employees are not afraid to move single people sitting at large tables, and enforce the rule of not sitting until your order has been placed. This is not the place to bring your laptop for an afternoon of work.This place is the best! The first time I had the bacon and egg on croissant and it was to die for. On this visit I tried the avocado toast and it was exceptional! I added bacon instead of lox and their homemade strawberry jam is soooo delightful. The people are friendly and super suggestive for first timers.Mildly disappointing.  I got the biscuit, eggs, fresh fruit, and bacon plate.   Came with exactly that.  Everything was prepared well, but it was nothing spectacular and felt soulless.  It was just food.  For the price I paid, the food better have a little more oomph.
It wasn't bad, but I can get the exact same thing for half the price anywhere else.  Or for even less in my own kitchen, and in less time.If you are looking for a healthy breakfast option in Uptown that won't break the bank look no further. I've been here at least 10 times and never had a bad experience. The sandwiches are all worth trying. Make sure to grab one of the cold pressed organic juices. Your body will thank you later.I typically only write reviews when 1. I really enjoyed the place, or 2. I had terrible service- because let's be honest, you only read reviews and want to know whether the place is GREAT and worth going to or TERRIBLE, so let's stay away. Right? 
I use to come to satsum all of the time because I truly enjoyed it. However, times have changed. I feel like the customer service has really started to lack. At least the last few times I've came and encountered a staff by the name of BRAD.
So to me, customer service is EVERYTHING being that I've worked in the service industry myself. I don't care how shitty of a day I'm having, or how fat or ugly, skinny, or pretty you are...you just don't ever take your personal feelings and let it affect a customer's visit. What makes BRAD think it's ok to give me terrible service because idk? Because he feels that it's OK to work in the service industry being around ALL races- black, white, yellow, green, Asian, WHATEVER. When I pay for a service, I expect the best customer service. Other than that I'm just wasting my time and money.
I came earlier this week and this was the second time I've had a terrible encounter with BRAD. Brad did not greet me to begin with.. he wasn't super welcoming and I instantly felt bad vibes with him. He did not thank me for my purchase and what really got me was the fact that he threw my credit card at me after I paid... so confused. He was rude to say the least and I got vibes that he was racist because he was nice to other customers, just not me. The PAYING Asian customer. Will not be returning and will take my business somewhere else.This was a breakfast not to be missed.  My dark roast coffee had that robust flavor that I crave. Our first dish was a vegan scramble. The firm tofu had the appearance and texture of scrambled eggs. Other components included roasted sweet potatoes, kale, and roasted cauliflower in a ginger coconut curry sauce.  Delicious and healthy.  The other entree was French toast with a blackberry vanilla coulis.  A delightful maple syrup was a second option.  The coulis offered a balance of tartness and sweetness.
A really good first visit for us, that left us looking forward to our return.Wow.  Luv this place.  U will stand in line but it is surprisingly effective method of ordering as u will likely find a table after you place your order.   Had the turkey sandwich w chips.   Solid, delicious sandwich.   U have to try the SuperDome pastry.   Excellent.   My 2nd time @ Satsuma and it was as good as my inaugural dining experience.Amazing food and very friendly staff, the food is always fast if I ever need it to go which is very convenient. Love this placeThis rating is only for my breakfast I had.
The breakfast plate - the homemade biscuit was warm and fresh but bland scramble eggs were dry. But adding the hot sauce on the table saved it with some salt & pepper for more flavor. The crispy bacons were always very welcome to me. A planet of fruits were fresh and nice touch! I should read Yelp reviews before and stick to what's liked and known, healthy vegetarian/ vegan friendly choices. Oh! But I enjoyed the tasty black beans on the side.
I enjoyed watching New Orleans Hipsters working. They were fresh to my eyes in this quiet residential area.I love this place! Be prepared for a wait on the weekends because there definitely will be one and it will definitely be worth it! Everything that my friends and I have ordered here has been really good. My favorite sandwich is the green eggs and ham on a croissant. I literally savor every bite. The fresh juices all also good. Your order can end up being pricey though. Would recommend!The breakfast was delicious. I ordered the Mexican breakfast and it was so yummy. My friend order the satsuma breakfast plate, she loved the biscuit and the fruit. The staff was very kind. The coffee wasn't that good. Go for the food not coffee.Ate here the other day, was craving breakfast food. I eat at Camellia Grill all the time, so went somewhere new. Didn't know I had to order inside, so I sat outside like an idiot for like 5 min. They were super nice, attentive and chatty. Helped me order and brought out food super fast. It was delicious,  I got the biscuit,  homemade in house with bacon, egg and cheese. Mocha latte hot, was beautiful and delicious. Will return. Recommend. Inside or outdoor seating.I was very impressed with this cafe! The breakfast was amazing, the service was great, and the atmosphere was relaxing. The juices & smoothies are really fresh. It was my 1st dine in but won't be the last!I really like this place. Their bread selection is great and the food is good with reasonable prices. My favorite is the green eggs and ham croissant. Its seasoned perfectly. I normally take off some of the onion but that's just my preference. I ordered the special BLT and felt it needed 100% more bacon on it. That would be my only con here. Note they don't have as many flavored syrup options as other coffee shops. I'll go back!It's slow as fuck, but worth it!
Everything I've had here has been fantastic, and that makes up for the long ass wait time in line and the long ass wait time for the food. 
The breakfast sandwich on a croissant. It just disappeared into my mouth. You know something is good when you don't put it back down on the plate. 
The brioche French toast with cumquat jam. I'm not a sweets fan but I had to refrain myself from scarfing this dish down. 
All the juicing that goes on here makes me happy that there is a heathy spot in this land of fried foods. A true oasis in a wasteland of po-boys and fried chicken. 
Seating was a bitch. Wishing there was more space.. But the popularity of this place is understandable due to the delicious and healthy fare. May I suggest that the management put in a long table and remove the 'kiddie section' for all the people on laptops just drinking coffee and juice. Then the consumers who need the space can find a table to eat. 
By far this was one of the best spots on my pig-faced tour of New Orleans. I'll be coming back to the Bywater...I don't even care that it's in an unsavory neighborhood. 
Pro-tip!.......Get there early. The unemployed hipsters don't roll out of bed until 10am so the line is considerably shorter in the early morning.Another hipster here, giving a rave review. I knew about Satsuma Cafe from watching The Layover in preparation for my trip to New Orleans. This is a quality spot, serving quality food and I love the decor!This place has so much charm  I'd give it five stars even if the food was only fair.
I have, I must admit, felt like a fossil at many hipster places. Not here. Yes, I'm outnumbered by the Fedora crowd, but there are enough oldies that I don't feel like I'm babysitting.Slap you grandma-good breakfast
Bywater is by far the best part of NOLA and sweet little places like this prove it. Unassuming, bubbling with super nice locals, and a friendly staff Satsuma made a great first impression on us of NOLA. The biscuits are worth a heavy carb binge and their juices will help you feel better about the aforementioned. Scramble special was delish and their coffee was really excellent. Only bummer was that they are closed Mondays (which we found out the hard way trying to have a departure breakfast without checking their hrs first!)I'm currently having a love affair with Satsuma. I went for the first time ever a few weeks ago and fell totally in love. Their menu is awesome, as is the atmosphere. The special BLT on sourdough (with goat cheese and avocado mash) is flippin' amazing. The tomato basil pesto on Ciabatta is good too. They make fresh juices, coffee, salads, you name it. The little courtyard/outdoor area is so charming, and though I haven't brought my pooches along yet, I love the fact that they're welcome here. The mismatched furniture inside adds a lot of character. And the staff has always been really really friendly. I'll be back as often as I'm in the Bywater!Went to NOLA for a birthday getaway and rented a apartment near the area. This was a great way to start my new adventure in NOLA for the first time. Great Coffee and delicious food and awesome service. Kale salad so good I had it twice lol and caramel soy latte.Loved this place! We went here twice for breakfast and fresh squeezed juices and both times it was amazing. Great atmosphere and quality juice and food. Loved the hipster vibe.One of my favorite brunch places! Really creative sandwiches and a bunch of different options. Really good for vegetarians :)I love everything about this place: Breakfast made with fresh ingredients , great coffee and a friendly staff all in an eclectic setting. A must if you are visiting... I will certainly return if back in NOLA!My girlfriend brought me here for a late brunch. I got the turkey sandwich with roasted peppers and an aioli sauce on ciabatta. It was absolutely delicious. The sandwich was well made so that I got a little of everything in each bite. 
I also liked the interior which had a very artistic feel. A lot of paintings and artwork.
If I lived close to this place, I would stop in 2 - 3 times a week. A true gem in the bywater!Great fairly still and quiet hang out to relax, study, enjoy incredible hand crafted food and juices. 
There breakfast creations are incredible. Unreal lunch sandwiches and the cookies and baked goods are super fresh.
Lots of gluten free options as well.Another Bywater winner!    Satsuma has a very inviting coffee shop atmosphere inside with real artsy feel.  It has a good amount of seating inside and a small patio area out back with a few tables and the occasional pup.
We  came here for coffee and breakfast, but they have such an amazing menu with fresh squeezed juices, daily food specials, sandwiches, etc.  All three of us decided to go for a variation of a BLT.  Mine had goat cheese and avocado mash on it- I choose sourdough. This was BY FAR, the best BLT I have ever had. It was served with a delightful fresh mixed greens side salad as well.  
We were amazed at how efficient the staff was at quickly putting out amazing food in the tiniest kitchen in the world.  Everything is prepared right there in front of you. 
While we were there, a lady walked in with a basket of fresh picked grapefruit from her yard and left on the counter for the staff to use!  Great to know that they are using local ingredients, not sure about other stuff on the menu- but I assume a lot of it is the same.    
Bottomline:  AMAZING food, reasonably priced, good portions, great coffee, and fresh squeezed juices, stellar service and atmosphere. 
(Again- reminds me of Austin- I'm seeing a trend here in the bywater area for sure!)I came here for breakfast one morning, hoping for something healthy. It's healthy according to New Orleans standards. They had fresh juice, which is why I gave them an extra star. Otherwise, the coffee wasn't great and the green avocado + egg + tomato + swiss sandwich was disappointing. I got it on sourdough bread and ate it open-faced. 
Satsuma seems like a cute neighborhood restaurant where locals come to. It's next door to a very shabby vintage shop.They just opened for dinner last night.  Part of me doesn't want to even mention it in order to discourage popularity, but, when word gets out, it's going to be crazy anyway.  The chef, Mike, prepared some amazing dishes tonight.  The gougeres were incredible, as was my flounder.  All the ingredients are so very fresh and the flavors are very sophisticated.  The prices were very reasonable for the quality of the dishes produced.
When you're a native and you're immersed in creole food, it's nice to take a break from it once in a while.  This is the place to do it.  For one night, roux and remoulade isn't pumping through my veins.  The atmosphere is hip, yet comfortable, and I love being able to walk there from my house.If you're a vegetarian and a hipster, this place is basically jesus. Tons of constantly changing food, awesome coffee and an assload of fresh juices. I've never eaten a bad meal here or had a bad cup of coffee. Shit it's not even that expensive. The only downside is it's extremely crowded on weekends. If you want to eat some arugula, drink something with cucumber in it, and get served by some beardy dude or tatted up chick, this is definitely the place to do it.I really like Satsuma and think it's great that they serve food for carnivores and vegetarians! I actually came here with a friend who is a vegan and I think we both left happy with what we had eaten. The breakfast sandwich on a biscuit is pretty good and you can't go wrong with a Southern biscuit for breakfast!
My only complaint is that it's a little pricey for the food that you get. They serve a great variety of juices too, but these also seem a little overpriced for a regular sized glass. It's a seat yourself kind of place too, so get ready to move quick if you have a group that needs to be seated!Have been here a few times and never had a bad meal. My boyfriend had the breakfast sandwich recently and it was one of the best breakfasts we had. The biscuit was so soft and tasty! Can't wait to go back.I had two things at Satsuma Cafe... and a nice juice.
I had a special on the chalk board - it was a salmon, capers and onion fritata and it was a lot smaller than I expected so I also ordered the Kale salad.  The fritata was yummy, but small portions... actually perfect for just a quick little bite to eat and only $3!  The Kale salad was wonderful, with bacon, hardboiled eggs, tomatoes and a delicious lemony creamy dressing.  It was really nice and not A HUGE portion either.  So paired with the egg fritata it was a really nice sized brunch.  
Satsuma also is very hipster and chic...goes along with the feel of Bywater.  I thought it was a wonderful place to take a quick stop over, have a nice cup of coffee and a healthy bite to eat.Amazing lil eatery and coffee in the Bywater. They do breakfast, lunch, and baked goods. The fresh squeezed juices here are a must. The food is mostly on the healthy side with amazing fresh quality ingredients. The staff is very friendly and eccentric. They have tables inside and a small patio area on the outside. This will be one of my new regular spots. 
Note- they also have just started a taco night just not sure on all the details of yet.I read reviews on yelp and heard from the owner of the apartment that we were renting in Bywater that this place was too slow -- but that wasn't our experience at all!  Maybe the trick is to go early, when they first open, so that you beat the crowd.  That's what we did, and our orders were taken promptly and cheerfully, and the food came out shortly after.  My husband had a really nice fruit, yogurt, and granola bowl (the granola had a house-baked caramelized feel to it that I raved about), and I had a breakfast sandwich with egg, cheese, and avocado on a bagel.  We also had a "cleanser" juice, which my husband thought was way too vegetable-y.  I liked it -- what did he expect, ordering a juice with four vegetables in it?  If I had one complaint, it's that you walk in, read a large menu board, and order at the counter -- and that was kind of hard for me to do since all of the choices (like what kinds of bagels they have, etc.) are not clearly listed on the menu board.  I'm sure if you are a regular, you'd just know what they offer and what you like, but a non-initiate might stand up there hemming and hawing before ordering.  A switch to full table service might improve the wait times that everyone complains about.  All in all, I really liked the ambience, patio, and tasty food, so I would come back!I liked this place so much I have been back twice. The egg and cheese sandwich on a biscuit comes in the best biscuit I've ever had. The immune booster juice is delicious! The banana pecan pancakes are fantastic, and they have good coffee. I love this place, it's friendly, the food is consciously prepared, and has a great vibe. Not a touristy place, but a place where locals hang out. Love love loveI was in the mood for crepes, and saw on yelp I should come here...I came quite a distance to find Cafe Bywaters is now Satsuma and has different food than crepes : (  That was okay though.  The ambiance was fun, artsy, eclectic.  Chai, excellent.  As long as you don't like it sweet (I added some sugar ha ha). The food was nice because it was fresh, healthy, and helps support its local farmers!  It reminded me of Portland, Oregon!  I came by city bus since I was just in the french quarter for a few days, so not worth the time and effort, I'm sorry to say, but if it were close to my house, I would visit it frequently!  Honestly, though, as a traveler, I was not used to eating so much unhealthy food as I did in NOLA, so it was refreshing to actually eat something my body could say "thank-you" to : )Favorite place to grab a bite to eat in the City! And thats really saying something, considering this is New Orleans!!I enjoyed my sandwich on day two, my eggs on day 3, and my coffee everyday.  Lots of seating.Hands down the best bacon, egg and cheese on a biscuit I have had ever! This place is a local gem! I love the vibe and there is a cute outside patio you can sit at as well.I'm giving it 5 because it is a hidden gem in a neighborhood I don't think many ppl venture into in. It might be a little to hipster for a lot of people, but the quality of the food here is excellent. Their breakfast sandwiches are all very good and their juices are very refreshing.Let me begin by saying you absolutely do not want ANYTHING to do with their coffee.
Seriously. Don't subject yourself to that horror show.
That being said, the food is fantastic. 
We had a few different items here; a couple sandwiches, some egg dishes, juices, tea... It was all tasty. Unfortunately, the final item I ordered came with a salad drenched in vinegar that had seeped onto my bread- I can't hang with vinegar, so I gave the whole plate to my husband. Other than that, every item we had was phenomenal. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a hearty, warm, relaxed breakfast.Amazing every time. Something fresh and yummy  for everyone (even the paticular vegan) anytime of the day!Friendly staff, good food, delicious coffee. I stopped in for lunch while on a trip to new orleans. i wasn't familiar with the neighborhood but when i walked in i was comfortable enough to feel like i was at home.Beautifully prepared bagel plate and the coffee is killer. Had a rousing conversation about my name with the woman at the counter, who was very kind.Real good food. Outdoor patio and dog friendly in addition to indoor seating. I like this place and will be back.I love this cafe!
I went here one day after a race - so I was starving. I sat in the courtyard (cute!) and sat under a tree. First - my pineapple-ginger-limeade was AMAZING. I only regret I didn't get a large instead of a small. Next, I got a brie-pear-carmelized onion sandwich. YUM. With a tiny salad. Both good.
I ended up hanging around for a while - I was working on my laptop (free wifi) for work so the time passed quickly. And okay, I had been starving from my race so I got the beet-satsuma-arugala-goat cheese-walnut salad. AMAZING! So good! 
Everything is fresh and delicious, the art on the walls are fun, the music is good, the clientele interesting, people friendly. LOVE IT!Nice spot in the area serving vegan, gluten free, and vegetarian friendly food options. It's more a cafe than a full on restaurant as the cooking area is small. We had a great brunch here of a strawberry basil pancake (large but only one), egg sandwich, and baked goods. Our friend had the lemon pancake and enjoyed it. The prices are steep for the smallish portions of the food (i.e. we ordered a pancake to compliment our egg sandwich so we wouldn't be hungry again until lunch).Fresh, Fresh, Fresh!!  Great fresh food. Deliciously prepared. Super pancakes du jour for $5. Great omlettes and inventive sandwiches. Great, interesting crowd. Incredible value.If I could choose one restaurant to marry this would be it. Their juice is the best in town. Not to mention everything on the menu is phenomenal and heathy so you don't feel guilty after eating literally everything.My favorite place to get work done. They've added a high-top bar with USB charging and regular outlets, so I can work and charge without being in the way of those dining. The coffee and healthy food (like the Kale Salad) will keep you going. All the servers are super friendly and they make sure you don't have to bus your own dishes. Cannot say enough great things about Satsuma Cafe!Great breakfast local sourced produce. Super friendly staff great coffeePerfect fresh juice blends (try the pineapple ginger limeade if they have it!).  I had the avocado toast with an egg -- perfect for a splash of Louisiana hot sauce.  My friends had the yogurt, granola and fruit which they said was great.  Will go again when in the Bywater area.Really neat place. The girl at the register was very nice and the food was amazing. Loved sitting outside as well. Homemade Chi tea was fabNice little spot in the Bywater with a non-touristy kinda hipstery vibe. Very casual atmosphere, like everyone else has said. The food is also pretty casual but has an easy and approachable healthy bent on most items (like a quinoa salad or veggie sandwich). I want to reiterate that point because it's not so easy to find in NOLA which, don't get me wrong has amazing, no AMAZING food but is not the easiest if you want raw leafy green things at least once a day. This place has that and combined it with the standard southern charm as well as at least a few indulgences in the fatty department. But oh! On a lovely 75-degree day in DECEMBER how perfect was it to enjoy a quinoa salad and beet lemonade?!? So lovely indeed. 
Cool side note- loved the walls-as-art galleries aesthetic. 
Weird side note- the bathroom reminds me vaguely of a haunted house.So happy to find this boho, eclectic, artsy, healthy cafe in New Orleans.
Ordered french toast, green breakfast sandwich on croissant (add bacon!!), latte and apple/carrot juice.  Menu is full of vegetarian/meat options and healthy and heavy options.  Their fresh juices always hit the spot, especially if I'm fighting a cold.
They have a sweet little table off to the side for kids, ours sat down and made friends with others.  Felt like a meeting place for EVERYONE of all walks of life.  
Definitely the kind of food and vibe I want in a local joint.There are quite a lot of things to be liked about Satsuma. I love that it's in the Bywater, and it's not sketchy. There aren't enough places around here that give you such a pleasant experience. There is never really a huge wait time, even on the weekends, and you get your food relatively fast. The place is decked out with tons of huge artwork filling the walls up to the 18 foot ceilings. The ambiance inside and out is just cool. Their patio is a perfect place to sit in almost any weather. It's shaded and breezy enough for even the hottest summer days. 
They always have a good selection of specials, and I like that they rotate them quite frequently so you don't get tired of eating the same stuff. Everything is always fresh. 
As someone who is gluten intolerant, Satsuma is particularly refreshing. Several times I've been surprised to hear staff ask if I'm gluten free when I ask them to leave the toast off my plate. They always let me substitue bread for fruit, which always leaves me in a good mood. They don't often have many selections that are already gluten free without changing anything but they are usually willing to work with me. I have even ordered a "sandwich" here and asked for no bread. No one ever rolls their eyes while taking my order or looks at me like an alien, even when I order something really strange. This is kind of unique for restaurants in New Orleans, and I attribute it to the "hipsters" in the neighborhood who are gluten free (vegan, vegetarian, etc.) to be cool. Hey, as long as I can eat something I'm ok with that. Fad diet away, friends.
The reason I give em' 4 stars instead of 5 is kind of selfish. The food I've had here is always "pretty good". Don't let that assessment fool you. I can't eat most of the things that are on the menu (darn gluten!), and honestly just looking at some of these gluten filled selections just makes my mouth water. So Satsuma, 4/5 stars for making my taste buds jealous of the ability to digest gluten.Keep reading reviews of this being a hipster place, but each time i go it's a mixed group of people- locals of all ages. The cold brew w/ an espresso shot is delicious & their egg green sandwich was cooked to perfection-yummm!!! Lot on the menu & serverd real helpful & nice!I love everything I've had here. The ingredients are fresh and I feel so healthy after. It's a little pricy, so I don't go often. When I do it's worth it!Total fan. And I'm here to comment on the juice - my goodness - the juice! 
I had the pineapple ginger and it was delicious. Not too sour, not too tart...just right. 
For food, I had the special BLT -- this has goat cheese on it and the cheese didn't overpower the rest of the sandwich. Also impressive is that they use Neuske's bacon - one of the best. 
We were there around 9a and around 10a the place had a line to the door (so go early). 
Sure the wait time is a bit on the long slide, but heck, it's worth it.Everything we tried here was great. Flavorful, beautiful, well-portioned breakfast platters and sandwiches. Strong, richly flavored coffee. Delectable desserts. And some of the best orange juice we've ever had! There's also a whole huge variety of juices that we didn't really have a chance to explore. If you're in the area, this is a great choice for breakfast for as many days as necessary.A friend told me I just HAD to have breakfast from here & they were right. The fresh squeezed lemonade & the sweet potatoe pancakes were amazing.  I want to try every possible drink combination on the menu.  The atmosphere was great & so was the service.Green eggs and ham on a croissant! Can't find that in many places and delicious.  Organic style menu, great brunch spot in a cool room.  They have a lot of natural juices/combinations....not all delicious but maybe I'm just not ready for kale in my drinks.The atmosphere is the best. I'd go here everyday if I lived in this neighborhood. The coffee is strong and tasty and everything is reasonably priced. I didn't have any of the daily specials, but my friends did and they enjoyed the brekkie sandwiches. I had the chocolate chip espresso muffin. Decadent.Great cafe in a fun neighborhood.  My breakfast sandwich (egg, cheese, and bacon on croissant) was pretty perfect but we were bummed out that they didn't have gluten free bread as advertised for my celiac boyfriend.  Checked back after three days and they still didn't have it.  They have alternatives for folks who can't have gluten but he really wanted a sandwich.  They did however have a pretty tasty gluten free dessert that was yum.  Next time we're in New Orleans we'll definitely give it another whirl.Satsuma is a fantastic sandwich shop, juice bar and coffee house. Having lived in the SF Bay area for 4 years between Katrina and now I've grown accustomed to being able to get healthy local food instead of nasty artificial stuff. When not so long ago I was eating apple sauce from the Red Cross to avoid the foul sloppy joe's they were feeding people in Nov '05 in this neighborhood I can now get delicious and healthy natural food just a moment away from the Bargain Center. It's a real treat. 
I'm particularly fond of the Green Sandwich, a heavenly combination of tomato, avocado, and cheese best served on a croissant. They server a number of varieties of coffee all of which I've tried have been good. The espresso machine drinks are not up to Seattle/San Francisco quality, but they're as good as I've had so far back in New Orleans (I used to barista a high end eco-friendly coffee house in Oakland, CA). The juices are completely awesome and I particularly recommend the home made lemonades and limeades. The muffins are awesome, too. Prices are about the same as other places in town but the quality is generally better.
Then there's the atmosphere. The staff are for the most part tattooed 20-somethings and are really friendly. It's not the world's fastest service because they make everything fresh for you when you order it so be ready to wait a little, but personally I think it is more than worth the wait. The place itself is very well decorated and comfortable with a variety of seating options and a nice fenced in patio when the weather's nice.  
They do have decent wifi, but watch out as they unrepentantly turn it off between noon and 2pm 7 days a week regardless of whether or not it's actually busy. Many parts of the cafe have access to power outlets, too, so aside from those hours Satsuma is a great place to work on your laptop. 
Overall Satsuma is a great place, a definite 5 by New Orleans standards. I'd give it 5.5 stars for the food, 4 stars for the espresso, 5 stars for the standard coffee, 5.5 stars for the juices, and 4.5 stars for atmosphere and 4.5 stars for service.I love this place.  Every visit they have different specials so I usually try my luck.  Well I'm the luckiest man alive. Every time I am more than impressed.  I love the vibe of the restaurant. I love the freshness of the food. The fresh squeezed juices are worth the trip alone.  Today I got the orange pineapple mix. My brunch was french toast covered in blood orange syrup. Mmmmmaaazinng! Yes. It was so good I had to make up a word. Honestly I think the cooks in this place are wizards.  I'm so glad they are using their powers for good. Muggle tested. Muggle approved!!!!great food, great coffee, awesome little bywater gem. I'm headed to Satsuma later today for lunch and espresso.The space is very cool but the food my friend and I got was seriously crappy. After ordering I felt optimistic as I was really enjoying the atmosphere and though we were in for a delicious treat (at $29 for two plates and two juices my expectation was warranted). 
I got an egg and salmon with greens special ($10) and it was like prison food. The salmon was canned and mixed in with unseasoned, soggy, wet greens. If you've ever had canned salmon, then you can attest it tastes like cat food smells. So imagine cat food and mush consistency spinach mixed together. I asked for my eggs over medium but they were over easy, which would ordinarily not be a deal breaker for me, except the yoke added to the wetness of the whole meal. barf.
My friend got a plate that was LITERALLY one piece of toast with an egg cooked in the middle and a couple sliced of avocado on top ($6). 
We left starving and went to the Orange Couch to eat again. 
There are many other breakfast options in town where you aren't paying out your butthole just to see and be seen. The juices at Satsuma were both really good, however. See, I'm not all mean,I absolutely LOVE this place! I'm a health nut and I love it here! The salmon melt is to die for! I get it on the whole wheat bread which is sooooo good!! It's toasted perfectly! The juice is good - pricey but so nutritious! The atmosphere of this place is cute/cool as well!Satsuma is awesome!  Everything in here is fresh, colorful and flavorful. I brought my 13 year old daughter hoping she might welcome the change from pizza and burgers...she did. Yay!  Very diverse menu. 
    The place is very artsy and fun with a super relaxed vibe.  The staff is very friendly and helpful. I had a green juice (wonderful selection of juices)and the Satsuma Cuban. It was also delicious-so tender and the ciabatta bread was perfect!  My daughter got the grilled cheddar cheese and a fresh mint tea-also very good. She managed to find a vegan chocolate cookie and a couple of cupcakes...also great!
    I want to go back to have breakfast very soon. I love this place!  Another beautiful spot in the Bywater.Lost in a long ramshackle residential strip of the Bywater, the exterior is enough to slow your way and surely, by now, standing outside and looking in the crafty walls and angel above are enough to guide you inside.
My experience has been with friends for weekend breakfast, and the place always has sharp, seasonal specials - salmon scramble, this past weekend blueberry pancakes, all fresh and alright for you and whomever is lucky enough to be there too.
The crowd is perfect, surpassingly (maybe not) boisterous and talkative for a Saturday morning - maybe the place just has an energy to it, some slight rhythm in the color and flourish of the canvas-jammed walls.
If you have friends in town, ditch the teeming green/white powdered masses (although the pigeons may have a problem with your absence) and somehow find this cafe.  You'll be in friendly, savvy, sometimes rock star company.My host recommended I drop by for breakfast, and I wasn't disappointed.
Sweet potato, black bean and tofu scramble. Green juice. 
The interior is as cosy as it is trendy. The puddings (or desserts to you guys on this side of the pond) look great too. Why oh why didn't I try the pancakes or French toast? Poor life decisions... 
This is a cool neighbourhood, many locals frequent this place, few tourists. The prices are high, as is the quality.I've been to New Orleans twice. The first time I stumbled upon this place as I was walking around the neighborhood and the second time I made a point to come back and bring my friend. Super inviting atmosphere and healthy, fresh, affordable food options. Quick, friendly counter service and a nice patio. Definitely get some fresh squeezed juice while you're here.Even though I'm no expert, this place has to be the hippest place to brunch in NOLA.  This is the coffee shop/restaurant that you wished you had in your own neighborhood, complete with a chill vibe, great (vegetarian and vegan friendly) food, above par coffee, beautiful decor, and hip patrons.  This would be my local spot if I lived in this neighborhood.  I went back two times after having coffee here one of the first mornings I stayed in the Bywater.  I will say that the line gets pretty damn long (even as it first opens), and seating can be problematic- particularly if you're in a group- but I didn't let that deter me for one second.  A must stop-in place if you're in the neighborhood.Loves this place.  Short walk from my appartment.
A little busy on a Sunday morning but still enough places to sit. They have fresh juice, pretty much any concoction you can think of. 
We ordered the pancake of the day, apple cinnamon with maple syrup and cinnamon butter. We shared it and sort of ate it as an appetizer. We both ordered the Bywater Benedict, a tower of biscuit, shave ham, poached egg and Crystal hollandaise, a perfect cure for any level of Krewe de Vieux hangover.This is one of the greatest tasting, most heathy-feeling restaurants in the city.  Don't forget to BYOB.3.75/5 healthy treat
I always forget how much I like this place until I finally get here. The interior, patio, and lighting put a smile on my face - just feels so warm, comforting, and creative. So many delicious things!! it gets packed at expected brunch hours, but if you come by early or later, it's actually not a bad place to power up for a bit and sip a little juice.My girlfriend and I were visiting New Orleans for the first time and our host in the Bywater recommended this place. Boy am I glad he did. We ended up eating breakfast here every day for the duration of our trip. The fresh juice options were a welcome relief from the rich, heavy lunches we found ourselves eating everywhere else in town. Don't get me wrong, we loved our fried shrimp po boys and bbq pulled pork. But it helped to balance that with a spinach scramble or an orange apple ginger juice in the morning. And I appreciated that the diverse specials changed every day. Overall the food was divine and the ambiance was perfect. A great way to start the day in New Orleans.This place is adorable. The food is great (I highly recommend the green eggs and ham sandwich) and the staff is super friendly. They have a couple tables outside in a cute patio area that is well maintained. Overall, I'd highly recommend it!Such a sweet brunch spot! They've got a little something for everyone, and everything sounded so yummy it made it difficult to settle on one thing. 
I came in a group of 6 around 11am-12pm, and there was a line out the door. We almost left since the line looked so intimidating, but I'm glad we decided to stay especially since the line moved pretty quickly.  
I had the green breakfast sandwich on a croissant with the addition of bacon, and an apple/orange/carrot/grapefruit juice. My boyfriend had the bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich on an everything bagel, and a large cup of black coffee ($1 refills, by the way). Both sandwiches were very good! I will say that if you want a more substantial sandwich, get it on the everything bagel. The juice was so refreshing, the grapefruit left a slightly bitter aftertaste that helped to cut the sweetness. My friend ordered the cold remedy tea (chamomile tea with ginger and lemon), and it was perfect for the chilly weather that particular day. 
They have a self-serve drink bar for water, coffee condiments, and silverware; which I don't mind. I loved that they have agave and honey as an option for sweetener. 
Be aware that they have very limited indoor seating, so come early or hope you get lucky. They do have some patio seating, but it's not covered.
My only other gripe, besides the seating, is the wait time on food. People who came after us got their food before my party. And some people in our group got their food at least 20 minutes before the rest of us did, so they finished eating as the rest of us started eating. I understand if everything doesn't come out at once, but each dish should be delivered within a reasonable time frame of each other. 
Overall, would come again and recommend to others!I've only been here for the weekend brunch, and it is my favorite brunch spot of the moment!  My boyfriend and I trek from Uptown (where there are tons of brunch spots) to go to Bywater for their brunch almost every weekend.  They have a huge selection of fresh juices which are all delicious combos and super fresh and healthy.  And they make the BEST pancake ever.  Seriously they do.  It changes every weekend, and I've never had the same one twice, but they have all been divine, especially the pumpkin one.  I've seriously had dreams about that one!
The specials are always on point using fresh, local ingredients, and the staple menu items are equally fantastic!  The Green Breakfast Sandwich, Green Eggs and Ham, and the Black Bean and Tofu scramble are all scrumptious.  My favorite meal ever was this crab meat benedict (NOT crab cake.  It was pure crab meat, and sooo fresh) on a toasted slice of the best homemade multi-grain bread I've ever had, topped with a perfectly poached egg and the lightest hollandaise ever.  Wow, it was good.  I've been waiting for them to do it again.  Go there, it's awesome.Fresh, local, seasonal eats.  A seemingly excellent rotating menu with a number of vegan and vegetarian plates.  Well-done espresso beverages.  An open and artsy environment with much natural lighting.  I had the Green Breakfast Sandwich (egg, arugula, tomato, avocado and swiss).  They didn't have any croissants yet that morning, but the woman ringing me up suggested they make it on a biscuit.  I accepted happily.  The bf had the Tofu & Black Bean Scramble.  Spicy and delicious.  Everything was so good.  The fresh juices sounded great, but we did not indulge.  This is a place I could come back to again and again.Great vibe. Ridiculously extensive, healthy, vegan/gluten free/vegetarian friendly but meat lovers and people who want to indulge will have no complaints. Worth leaving french quarter for.This is an amazing spot!  The service was superb, made suggestions and timed courses to perfection.  The food was wonderful:  gougeres, shrimp ceviche, zucchini salad, mushroom pasta, lamb kabob.  It was all fresh, well seasoned and fun.  I am going to be making this my regular place to dine.  PS.  I am not a hipster and I know my food.Super cute place with great food. We had the lemon rosemary flax pancakes, which were gluten free and excellent!!! They have wheatgrass and other fresh juices. Great place to go if you're in the area!I eat here about once a week. The sandwiches are amazing. Besides any of those, you can't go wrong with whatever french toast is on the special board or the raw salad with corn and avocado.
The only downside is that this place is really busy on the weekends and the food can take a long time to get out of the tiny kitchen. Once you order at the counter, they'll get the drinks out first and then you may wait twenty-thirty minutes for the rest. But grab a copy of "Where Y'at" or "Offbeat" and be cool about it. Don't come here if you are hungry and need to eat right away.A solid choice for a breakfast nut like me.  The breakfast sammys are perfect and the satsuma juice is like citrus nectar vine water!  My wife loves to go for the vegan chocolate cookies.  Also, the changing table in bathroom was helpful.Went for Sunday brunch and place was packed. We managed to get a table quickly but had to queue for quite a while to order which a little annoying. Then was told there'd be a 20 mim wait for food. We didn't mind the wait as the reviews we'd read were good and I loved what I saw on the menu. After a few weeks on road trip I'd yearned for healthy food. My tofu scramble was delicious and juices were great. My husband had the Cuban, similar to a Reuban was good too. I would recommend this place.So delicious! I LOVED the tofu scramble, great flavors. I had a green juice with ginger that was also refreshing and a good start to an unhealthy weekend in NOLA. I will absolutely go back!Satsuma is all about fresh, local food. As for vegans, try the grilled veggie sandwhich with vegan pesto and avocado. 
Coffee is also quality.Service was not slow on a Monday at 11:30 am. Only stopped for juices, which I would have preferred cold instead of lukewarm. Had a latte yesterday, very yummy. A bit overpriced compared to San Fran. Vibe was very mixed, locals, tourists, hipsters.Really good dinner here. BYOB and really nice ambience. The menu is seasonal, local,  and delicious. The mushroom pappardelle is fantastic as are the redfish, zucchini salad, and shrimp cerviche. Service is very good although it does take awhile between courses. A really good addition to the dinner scene in New Orleans. 
Lunch/ Brunch food is also very good but sometimes the crowd literally smells.There are also big lines and slow service. Juices are great and the sandwiches and omelets are the best in the city.My 'go-to' place! Love that it all tastes amazing and is also healthy and good for you. Love the juices and coffees and my kids love the cookies! So glad to have Satsuma by me!Really cute atmosphere, reasonably priced, good location (for us), and pretty healthy options!!This is a great spot for people with dietary restrictions. Many vegetarian and vegan options, gluten-free options, etc. Most of their produce is from within 100 miles of NOLA, which is great! There is definitely a little bit of a hipster vibe here but the crowd is getting increasingly varied with every visit I make. Satsume is a "must" when I have friends in town visiting.Awesome juice drinks and coffee. Love the pineapple ginger limeade. Been here seven or eight times for breakfast or lunch. Always think I'm going to like the food and end up disappointed - most is average, skimpy (except sandwiches), and overpriced. The salads are the best option, but they are small and never fill me up. Also would think they would have more vegetarian options given the crowd and the shortage of other places filling that niche.Satsuma is way more than a coffee shop.  It's an excellent restaurant - perfect for breakfast and lunch.  The food is delicious - creative & fresh.  The coffee is strong and hot. The atmosphere is fun - colorful & lively.  The service is friendly and knowledgable.  The people watching is great, too.  Satsuma feels like one of the true hubs of the Bywater neighborhood.Some locals put us on to this much loved neighbourhood café.  Great casual atmosphere.  Seriously good coffee. Funky feel.  Good friendly staff.I took refuge here for most of the day while waiting with friends for delayed flights, and the menu was extensive and diverse enough to satisfy me -- from delicious breakfast sandwiches to quinoa salads to sweets like raspberry cake. I enjoyed the ginger limeade, though there are plenty more fresh-squeezed, organic juices to choose from. They have signs that say the Internet is unavailable during peak business hours, and they make good on that - it went out for maybe two hours near lunchtime (which is the only reason for the 4 stars). If the day is nice, the porch is a great sitting spot.We decided to give Satsuma a try for our recent Valentine visit to Nola for an afternoon brunch. The food was good and the service was excellent. The only downside was that the we discovered this cafe on the tale-end of our trip or we would've been hanging out here a bit more.This was my third trip to New Orleans with in a year and I'm always glad to find new vegan options.   I made the walk from the French Quarter and though their menu is limited for vegans I was THRILLED to find fresh juice.   I juice everyday at home and was surprised to find out how much I was craving it.   Even though we heard the staff member juicing the drink I ordered making fun of it to another customer who asked what he was making (maybe it's a weird combo to you but delicious to me) - it was overall a pleasant experience.  Being a tourist I can't complain too much but I do wish the staff would watch what they say around their customers! I can tell this place was awesome but just grew too fast too soon and can't keep up with the demand.   All in all it was a pretty good experience with some much needed green juice.  Had a veggie sandwhich with no pesto/cheese and my husband had the fresh fruit/yogurt/granola.  It was all delicious and fresh.  If my husband gets his way and we move to Nola- I'll give this place another shot as along as I don't have to defend my juice choices.We visited NOLA for 11 days, staying nearby on Louisa St. We visited this place most mornings. The atmosphere is kind of 'Eco-hipster' (expect more than a few MacBooks on show) but it's also cool and casual and the staff are lovely. More importantly, the food is amazing. All natural handmade goodness, incredible eggs, interesting juice combinations and a diverse menu. My personal recommendation - the green sandwich on croissant. Unforgettable.Nestled in the heart of the Bywater, this place is pretty amazing. They do a pancake of the day everyday which is always different--I have yet to have the same pancake since I've been going there--and they are by far the best pancakes in the city. Great coffee. Great staff. All the food is organic. Made to order. Juices are fresh--they even juice the wheatgrass they they grow themselves for the wheatgrass shots. 
I'm in love for sure.Super sweet, adorable little café. Quirky and artsy with outdoor seating and pretty solid menu with healthy options. I had the vegetarian frittata from the daily special board and their green drink - both very good. Great selection of coffees and milk options - excellent cold brew. The girl at the counter was lovely - helpful and very polite. Would definitely return.Satsuma is another gem the I can truly appreciate for healthy and delicious fair with decent vegetarian options. Love the fresh-squeezed juices. Food is really good. There might be a little room for improvement (I got a fairly bland vinaigrette o my salad, for example), buy the food is fresh and some items are really tasty. I'll be back, for sure!Let's keep this one simple: this is a great place for lunch. The bread is made on-site. The food is really fresh. The juices are freshly squeezed and yummy. I recommend eating outside on a nice day and making it a 2 hour lunch. 
Simply: You should eat here.Great place for a breakfast or lunch date with a cute little courtyard for al fresco sipping and dining. I had a veggie egg sandwich that slightly fell apart but was still delicious. I'm easy to please so good coffee, an inviting space and a convenient location make this an easy place to recommend. I'll be back soon, tomorrow, in fact.It's simple food and laid back atmosphere has me coming back almost weekly. Bywater location had a little more flair and personality. Uptown leads with more sophistication and class. Food is delicious whereever you go.Satsuma is housed in the former Coffea space (with few noticeable physical changes), though it is now apparently a different beast entirely.
Coffea was, at its best, a completely unique and affordable cafe/brunch spot with very creative menu items.  It tended to fluctuate a little in quality from day to day, but if you want dependable and responsible, you're in the wrong neighborhood. 
Enough about that: Satsuma seems like it's off to a nice rolling start, but it's now basically a standard coffee, juice, and sandwiches cafe.  It is a great, beautiful, and affordable version of this, but the most unique aspect of Satsuma right now is the space (which, as mentioned, is basically a holdover).
They currently do not offer any egg, crepe, or similar brunch items, due to lack of a ... cooking range or something?  (They do have quiche). Well, that's fine, but Coffea had some pretty phenomenal crepes, non-Eggs Benedict concoctions, etc...  The natives can be forgiven for getting a little restless upon coming to the same place (with a different name) and being deprived of one of the best things about the former spot.
Still, there's really not much to complain about if you're visiting for the first time.Try the specials, they constantly change and always are delicious. I've just had a French toast with goat cheese, honey and walnuts. One staple, though, is the pineapple ginger limeade.
Love the ambiance (the bathroom is beautiful) and the free wi-fi, too.Love this place. Amazing memorable sandwich, service was very friendly, really cute place. We sat on the small patio and it was perfect. Will be back.YES! I adore this cozy little spot. I liked it better before the renovation, aesthetically-wise, and when they actually cold-pressed their juices in that moment...  but the food and the staff are delightful as always. Yay for healthy and not over priced New Orleans!Totally a place you'd expect to see in Brooklyn, but somehow transplanted to Bywater in NOLA. We had to wait about 20 minutes in line on Saturday, but it was no big deal.
Hip menu with lots of vegetarian offerings and very unique food. Try the green sandwich. If you like muffins - get in there. The strawberry basil is a keeper.
The juice bar is stellar. Infinite combinations await you from beet-ginger-limeaid to wheatgrass-lemon.Ate here 3 times the last 30 hours of my trip to Nola.  A new favorite spots.  Layed back vibe with scrumptious food.  If you could only have one pancake in life, this is the place to get it.  Other winners:  Mexican Breakfast Plate and Green Eggs & Ham Breakfast Sandwich.  They use Nueske's ham and bacon.  Those in the know only use Nueske's.  These pigs are seriously committed.  Kale salad also a winner.  Finally, don't pass on the juice; both Popeye and the Immune Booster were tasty.  Great spot for coffee and to write a book.Love the outdoor space here, and I think it's worth mentioning that this place is totally wheelchair accessible: ramps both to the door and to the restroom (which is large enough to accommodate a wheelchair). It's a rare thing in NOLA and I love to see it.
The fresh pressed juice is awesome, the brunch is decent (speaking from a veg perspective---though the non-veg menu looks good, too). Coffee is ok. I laughed when I went to confirm with the counter dude that I'd ordered an iced cappuccino, not a latte, and he replied, "it doesn't matter anyway, 'cause they're the same thing!" At least he said it cheerfully. I'll respectfully disagree all the same. (:Fun and easy breakfast during a quick visit to NOLA, I had a fabulous biscuit and a yogurt parfait.  My buddy had a pancake that could feed a family of three!BLUF:  Great simple breakfast place in cool neighborhood.  I'd go back.
I love the bywater.  Great atmosphere.  This cafe has pretty good coffee and great food.  Very veggie/vegan friendly; I eat meat and was still happy.  Nothing on the menu got me terribly excited because it is all pretty standard.  Breakfast sandwiches and eggs/bacon kinda meals.  That being said the Satsuma breakfast plate was really really good.  Eggs over medium were perfectly made.  Biscuit was dense and fresh.  Very very good biscuit.  Beans were good.  Bacon was crispy.  Meal was very good.  I can't get over how good the biscuit was.  
My wife got a breakfast BLT sandwich and it was really good too.  Avocado, tomato and bacon on freshly baked bread.  Very good.  
Nice staff and quick service.  Sit outside and people watching in the bywater.Fresh juices are fab ... Carrot, ginger and apple ... No need for a glass of chard when these are for sipp'nGrabbed some breakfast here with my mom and loved it. Left with a smile and a carrot juice mustache.I've never tried their coffee but their juices are the best in town.  Go for the breakfast Bacon, Egg & Cheese on their homemade, fully, downright heavenly biscuits.  Stay for the Strawberry and Beet Salad.  I don't typically order salads as my entree but I swear I could eat "that" salad every day of the week.  The service is friendly, but expect it to be crowded.This is a pretty great cafe to grab a bite. I will say that for one of the busiest weekends of the year, yes, it was busy and the line was long--but not unreasonably. We maybe waited 25 minutes before we got to order and another 10-20 minutes before food started showing up.
I had their beet juice which was delicious. Coffee is a bit weak--not something I would get again. They unfortunately ran out of their well known biscuits so I settles for a sandwich on a roll--it was good. Not spectacular or wow, but a decent, well made sandwich. I also grabbed a quiche to go which didn't keep too well. I'm sure it would have tasted better at the cafe after being warmed.
This place is a fun hipster find in New Orleans and I'm sure with the continued gentrification of NOLA, similar restaurants (catering to the same crowd) will pop up. This is a place I could see in college towns (like Berkeley) or Oakland/Brooklyn. I would probably come back next time I'm visiting!So I was dating myself again. We had a lovely time at Satsuma. We had a yummy turkey sandwich on ciabatta that definitely made my day just a little more bright. The avocado, salad, the turkey everything was phenomenal as I sat enjoyed the atmosphere... What made the experience go to another level had to be, the music choices. Sweet Dreams by the Eurythmics came on!!! How could I not enjoy myself. It made me want to get on the table and start dancing and this place is so cool I bet noone would say anything!
You should check this place out some yummy dishes cooking up here and grab some of their fresh juices! Also, take a wheat grass shot.So, I found out about Satsuma when I was eating a whole plant based diet last winter.  This is THE BEST OPTION for healthy vegan food in New Orleans opinion.  I would always get either the tofu scramble or the quinoa salad.  
I love the beet juice and fennel drink although I can't remember what they call it there.
Now, on to coffee.....
As you will see if you read any of my other reviews, I am very very tough on coffee and espresso.  This shop passes the test.  I ordered a latte and got a not-too-hot cup with fluffy microfoam and decent latte art topping the whole thing off. 
 Job well done Satsuma.  You have all 5 of my stars for good food options, juice bar, and well made espresso.Suuuuper hipster spot in the Bywater neighborhood. Juice bar and breakfast/lunch. Cute outdoor patio and lots of tables inside. Nice place with some healthy options to sit and enjoy if you've got some time to kill. Free wifi!What a great little neighborhood coffee place. In the Bywater section of town. I has a great vibe here, the staff super nice, and the food here is very good with lots of organic stuff on the menu. Fresh baked goods and the coffee products first rate. I love the egg sandwich here! Also a good place to get the NY Times and fast, free internet for connecting up with the Mothership.My new favorite place in New Orleans. Too bad I live uptown and Satsuma lives all the way in the bywater! My husband and I were staycationing at the Lookout Inn over the weekend and I had to take advantage of the proximity! I have been wanting to try this place for a while now, and was blown away. I got the scrambled tofu with black beans. I'm always a little nervous trying tofu at a new place. Some people just don't know what they're doing. Satsuma doesn't know those people. It was deee-lish. I also got some of their fresh squeezed juice (cucumber, lemon, kale, and ginger) and it tasted so fresh and good! The coffee is also amazing. (I'm a barista, have been for about a decade, and I died and went to coffee heaven in this place. I wish my shop produced such quality yummy beverages) My husband finished his iced latte and grabbed one to go. 
The outdoor patio is quaint and comfy, and I love anyplace that allows dogs. Hoping to get back here soon. Reminds me of my  favorite spots in Austin, TX. This place was like Bouldin Creek meeting Daily Juice, and I think New Orleans could really use a dose of healthy!This place was A-OK, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here. Nevertheless, if i were in the neighborhood and hungry, it would be near the top of my list.Amazing food! Friendly service! Great atmosphere! Vegetarian/vegan friendly! The pear & Brie sandwich was seriously one of the best things I've EVER tasted...The Satsuma Cuban was delicious and also the side salad that comes with it. The watermelon lemonade was a little sour but with some water and sugar it was better. My coworker got the special BLT.. And honestly I didn't see anything special about it. However, overall the place is adorbs and I would go again.Came here for lunch with my coworker and had the special Blt...nothing special about it. My coworker ordered the satsuma Cuban sandwich and that was the bombdotcom!! The side salad was really tasty! Stay away from watermelon lemonade  because it was really REALLY sour! Besides that, the workers were really nice and attentive and the atmosphere was really cute and adorable! Highly recommend this place and will def be back!Great spot for coffee, there is a good balance between healthy food and comfort food. I had Tofu scramble- coconutty and delicious. Also had the green juice. When I came in I was hungover and when i left I felt like a million bucks. Staff is friendly. Atmosphere is relaxing. Also caught a bunch of Pokemon in here and leveled up!!!!!Fresh! Delicious. Great juices. And the pancakes are heavenly.As I stepped into Satsuma, I realized that I really liked the place, it reminded me of the old school hip cafe hangouts back home. I like that there's plenty of indoor seating and that there's also an option to sit in a small  private-like garden outside. I also genuinely liked the decor and art on the walls. Also, who doesn't like the Bywater? 
We came here for a coffee and got a double shot latte, it was good, but a little bit bitter so I had to add some sugar. We also ordered the watermelon lemonade, and yes, it sure was a watermelon lemonade!  On the breakfast board, there was also a very delicious sounding pancake, I can't remember the exact ingredients. We tried to order it, but unfortunately they were out of pancakes. We decided next time that we would come earlier so we would have a better chance of getting some breakfast nom.
The menu looks amazing, and although I'm not a huge sandwich fan, I'm sure I will try some soon as I can foresee myself coming here possibly on a more regular bases in the future. Oh yeah, and did I mention that good variety of omelettes as well?  ; )
Satsuma has good coffee, a big menu, and it's a great setting for people watching and doing work! The possibilities! ;pThe BLT with avocado & goat cheese was one of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted. Portion sizes aren't large, however, and the atmosphere is a bit grungy (flies everywhere in particular). Still a good place to eat with an extensive menu.I want to review this place just like I review any restaurant. However I have to make note that I had a cold which really affected my taste buds. I ordered the Mexican breakfast thing with eggs, black beans, and avocado with two tortillas. Unfortunately I could barely taste the food because of my cold but even my friend who had ordered the same thing said the food lacked flavor. So this might seem like an unfair review, so please take it lightly. But when I come back to try it again, hopefully healthy, I'll 100% update my review.Yummy special watermelon lemonade and ginger lemonade.  Also delicious egg scramble and quinoa salad.  Totally worth the walk to get away from too many tourists.A little bit hipster, a little bit hippie but great food all around! Breakfast bagels are my favorite and everything is made with fresh mostly organic ingredients.  Great place for a casual brunch with friends or quick coffee break.Favorite coffee house in New Orleans, hands down. Great coffee. The food menu is always fresh and lots of healthy options. The service is excellent as well. At a first glance you might think that the hipster-slacker looking kids who work there might not know what they are doing, but you'd be wrong. They even remembered my name the second time I came back. It can be a bit slow when the place is packed, but I'd rather wait an extra five minutes and have them get my order right than have it rushed and done wrong.
And it does get packed at times. Weekend mornings and afternoons in particular. But patience is a virtue and I'm sure they'd be happy to wrap it up for you if you are in a hurry. (or if there are no more open tables)
I recommend the BLT with avocado on sourdough. Mmmmm! This is no wimpy bargain brand bacon either. No sir. This is the good stuff. Smokey sweet peppery crispy bacon made from magical flying pigs kind of bacon.
Also love the roasted beet salad with goat cheese and walnuts. Dressed with fresh local strawberry slices, homemade balsamic vinaigrette on a bed of arugula. Simply divine!Very Seattle-like cafe with a great lunch menu. Their breakfast specials also looked great (basil strawberry pancakes!). I had the black bean quinoa burger and it was zesty and yummy. Chill atmosphere, friendly staff, and lots of people on computers.I love the ambiance here.  Its got great organic and vegetarian options.  I always get the quiche and am happy ever time.  My daughter's favorite is the yogurt and fruit.  It always looks amazing with the variety and color of fruits.  The coffee is good and I love the lime-aides.  The only problem I would have with this place is the cleanliness.  I once had a disgusting glass of lime=aide delivered to me.  After pointing it out though, they quickly apologized and brought me and new clean delicious new one.  Overall we love this place.Visited in 2012:
Mmmm delish!
Ham & gruyere melt with spicy mustard and cornichons
Bywater club
Sweet-tart juice mmmmmmmmm
Pineapple ginger limeade too sweet
Triple vanilla latte omg beautiful and so perfect!This is one of my favorite places to get some work done at. Probably the best choices of music playing in this location, keeps the juices flowing! Best fresh juices in town, get your choice of juice or blend made on the spot for you. You have to try the turkey sandwich and pancakes! Everything about this place is just right....
Did I mean they have WHEAT GRASS SHOTS? Like they literally pull the wheat grass out and juice it for you right there and put it in the shot glass! It can't get any better than that!You know what's fun?  Reuning with an old friend you didn't realize you missed. Satsuma Cafe is off of my beaten path (at my age, you need a special visa to visit the hipster heaven of the Bywater), but well worth the detour. Like Surrey's Cafe and Juice Bar (co-owner Cassie waited tables there for years), breakfast, lunch & fresh squeezed juices are available all day, but the similarities pretty much end there. Satsuma is, if anything, more crunchy and healthy than Surrey's, though there is a pancake of the day and a BLT on the menu. Also, the special egg dishes veer away from Tex-Mex and towards Anglophile-American-traditional. Additionally, there are special juice blends that can serve as a quick meal substitute (I love The Cleanser, that mixes beet,fennel, cucumber,lemon and celery...I feel lighter just thinking about it).
    Also unlike Surrey's is the presence of yummy baked goods...sometimes you just want a muffin.
   If you hurry, you can taste the raw Summer salad, which just floors me and makes me believe I've just done myself a favor.
     The staff is engaged, friendly and glowing with virtue....get some!The french toast on ciabatta with hazelnut cinnamon cream was out of this world!! I wasn't too much of a fan of the coffee, but it could be because I chose the wrong blend. If I could live on this french toast, I definitely would!Super lovely local coffee shop recommended by my Airbnb housemates. Great coffee, great food, great staff!I tried Satsuma cafe because of a post in Yelp, and it was amazing! By far the best breakfast I've had in a long time. Service was fast and friendly. They have indoor and outdoor seating which is really nice :-)
The coffee is great, the food is great- go eat here you won't be disappointed!Great place for a quick breakfast if that's what you want.  I personally enjoy taking my time here and enjoying the food.  Hot coffee and friendly atmosphere.  Try one of their fresh organic juices - Awesome!I was staying in Bywater and came across this great place. It was a perfect place to stop in for brunch after the heavy eating I had been doing all week. Great healthier food options and juices.  Great service with indoor and small patio seating.  Order at the counter and grab a seat.I love Satsuma and eat here every time I visit New Orleans, which is usually a couple of times a year. I love the vibe, the relaxed atmosphere and the courtyard. They have lots of really healthy options, great coffee and a wonderful selection of juices. The staff are friendly and welcoming. My friend and I were able to sit for a couple of hours in the middle of the day when it wasn't too busy. Great place to meet friends and have a healthy (or not) meal.Visited for lunch today with a friend. As approaching to the restaurant, I realized that there is a cute little outdoor sitting area but I obviously went there during busy hour (Sunday at noon) so we unfortunately could not enjoy the awesome weather but will come back for it next time!
As you walk in, there are printed menus and you gotta order at the counter first before sitting at the table. They call your name when the dish is ready. They have tons of fresh juice and shots and all the pretty things that screams healthy. I love that this place serves breakfast all day! I had tofu scramble with sourdough so yes, this place is vegetarian/vegan friendly. Each food group had at least one vegan option. My order came out a bit late but considering that the restaurant was pretty packed, I understand.
They have bunch of muffins, pastries, and dessert options to and even these, they have one for vegan. They got coffees too so overall, Satsuma is a perfect little place for  breakfast, lunch, brunch and you know what I am talking about by now, right? Family friendly!What do you get when you bring and out of towner to Bywater that has a thirst for fresh juice and espresso? You bring him to Satsuma.
This great spot features a great menu of sandwiches and hot plates and a wonderful selection of fresh juices and a coffee bar. 
Satsuma has a great feel to it, very comfortable and welcoming to all. The people working here are very friendly and will make you feel at home straight away. 
I went there three times over the course of a 4 day trip. I will make it back for sure the next time I am in New Orleans.Needed a place to do some late afternoon computer work and wanted to grab a snack.  Satsuma was close so I stopped by about 45 minutes before closing.  Staff was friendly and helpful and didn't rush me or other patrons as they prepared to close up shop. In fact, they allowed me a few extra minutes sitting at the outside tables so I could finish up what I was working on.
Now to the important things.... Food and drink.  Had a vegan chocolate cookie and coffee.  Both were superb (The vegan cookie wouldn't have been my first choice but the counter server suggested it and said it was her favorite. She didn't steer me wrong!)
 Welcoming atmosphere, free wifi, reasonable prices, great staff, delicious fare. Will definitely return to eat and drink and work in this space.I've eaten here 20-30 times for breakfast, but today I went for lunch. I ordered the "Special BLT" on sourdough with goat cheese and avocado --- damnnnn it was good. 
Satsuma is consistently unmatched for food freshness, meal ambience, and staff friendliness.Have been to Satsuma's several times and each time I enjoy its laid-back ambience as well as its delicious foods, freshly squeezed fruit and vegetable juices and creative sandwiches made with healthy fillings.  It takes me awhile to decide what to order because everything sounds yummy.    
The only problem is seating can be difficult to find.This is a cute cafe/restaurant with a beautiful outdoors area, so you can eat outside when the weather is nice.
Got the bagel with lox platter, but wish I got the tofu scramble since I could get a bagel platter anywhere. The platter was good, but not extraordinary--definitely doesn't beat a NYC bagel. The ingredients were fresh, which indicates to me that the rest of the dishes would be the same.
Try getting something different here even if it's a little expensive. It might be more worth it than being plain.It became a joke when B began fantasizing about a quinoa salad he'd read was good here, but could not remember the name of the restaurant.
Sassafras. Studebaker. Saltimboca. Saskatoon.
On our final day in town, I thought we should put him out of his misery. Unfortunately, our timing was off and we ended up here for dinner rather than lunch and *gasp*, the quinoa salad was not on the dinner menu.
But we sucked it up and ordered dinner, anyway. Unfortunately, they do not serve alcohol. And while they appeared to have no corkage fee, they also appeared to have no neighboring markets. So we went without and instead enjoyed their (homemade?) lemonade and fizzy juice concoctions. They were actually very refreshing, although I still wished we'd brought a bottle of wine.
We sat out on the patio which was really casual and fairly quiet. The resident cat took a serious liking to us, which was endearing but also kind of distracting (he jumped onto B's lap at one point). 
We split the ceviche to start, and I had the gnocchi for dinner while B had the chickpea stew. It was all really fresh tasting and nice complex flavors. 
As we were leaving, we noticed the place had completely filled up. It's clearly established itself as a popular neighborhood eatery.
Now we will just have to return someday to try this legendary quinoa salad!I fell in love with Satsuma the moment I entered the doorway. I'm a big fan of small coffee houses and Satsuma did not disappoint! I've only been there for breakfast during Mardi Gras and I recommend the cheese grits and eggs benedict when they're available. They have good coffee too. It's definitely a local hot spot away from any tourists and their hours around Mardi Gras are a little sketchy, so call ahead, but it's worth the effort.Nice baked goods and breakfast platters. Large coffees, large outdoor space. Good for people watching and getting a bite if you're in the neighborhood, but I wouldn't necessarily come here for breakfast.Had a group of 7 for my daughter's bachelorette party. We all bought something different and every person enjoyed their food. It was a little pricy ($16 for my meal and drink) but the food was fresh and croissant was flaky.  It is a really hopping place and the line to the door was constant.absolute best place to have breakfast in the bywater. friendly staff, reasonable prices and the vegan scramble is delicious.This place is spot on for the kind of local neighborhood spots I like. The food is fresh and delicious; the service is super friendly and inviting. This place has the kind of charm that I love. Nothing more to say, just go and see.Great pit stop to refresh our bodies after biking around Marigny. Beautiful healthy place to have a drink or lunch. Great selection of sandwiches, salads and healthy dishes. Vegetarian, vegan, gluten free, you have everything here. 
I only had a pineapple ginger limeade because we were heading to a brunch joint but everything in the menu looked amazing. 
Nice courtyard area to breath a little fresh air!Satsuma has been my go-to breakfast/brunch spot for the several years that I have lived in the neighborhood now. You can expect fresh ingredients, friendly and familiar faces, and hot coffee always! After their recent renovation, the space flows well and is inviting despite there often being long lines and big crowds. 
Their coffee (not sure where it is sourced) tends to be on the more acidic and bitter end of the spectrum. I really like their croissants and bagels and usually ask for the special BLT or breakfast sandwiches to be put on one of those. They have an herb cream cheese on a lot of their menu options that is so creamy and fresh and just adds an amazing burst of flavor! 
Don't miss their Specials board each day. Usually they have a quiche option that is great! And also the juices... they really speak for themselves. Get fancy with their combinations or stick with a classic orange juice - it's the best in the city IMHO. A bit pricey, but totally worth it!As a vegan I was expecting to find Satsuma delightful, but instead I left disappointed. I had a salad that sounded good on the menu but in theory didn't work; the flavors were off and the assortment of veggies within it bizarre, a total fail. Fresh, local ingredients? Yes. Delicious flavor? No way. Portions were also really small across the board considering the price (this includes the meals of several meat eaters). I did have a slice of vegan quiche which was decent, but again, overpriced. The juice bar is the best thing going. Coffee was good but they don't have free refills like many other neighborhood spots (Cake Cafe) which is off-putting when you consider the cost. And the service is very slow, but understandable given their tiny space. They work as well as they can with what they've got, just be prepared to wait not only to order but also for your food to arrive. And good luck if you go when it's a Bywater-Hipster-Brunch hotspot. We've gone in, stood in line for 10 minutes without budging, and decided to leave rather than wait forever. Seating can definitely be problematic as well when it's busy, especially if you're there with a large-ish group (4 people or more). I want to like Satsuma but it's overpriced and too trendy for me; plus the glacial pace of service I simply cannot tolerate. I recommend going during the weekday when it's slow and probably a much more enjoyable space. Although I do appreciate their vegan offerings and thank them for recognizing this small minority in New Orleans.The satsuma is a super cute coffee shop that makes some crazy delish pastry. I had a latte, which was tasty, rich and creamy and not acidic. I got a peach gallette that was incredible....maybe the best pastry I had in new orleans. I also got a red velvet cupcakes to take with me and it was pretty fab. Definitely check this coffee shop out if you're in the area.funky little coffee shop/eatery.  chalkboard menus of standards and specials by the register.  i had brunch last weekend with friends and ordered the "caprisi scrambled eggs" special.  pretty standard...i mean, there really isn't a way of elevating eggs to a higher metaphysical plane. 
but major bonus was the customer service. since i can't eat wheat, i told kate (the very pleasant girl who waited on me), and she substituted my biscuit with fruit WITHOUT my having to ask. very unexpected but very thoughtful. (she commiserates with my dietary woes as she too is sans wheat.)  i'm excited, too, because i was told that in a few weeks they'll sell gluten-free pastries!  
i hate to extol the virtues of this place lest tons of people start flocking there, but it really is a gem in the bywater that shouldn't be missed.Satsuma Cafe is an eclectic, cute, funky café in the Bywater. It is somewhat small (with a tiny patio), but even when crowded, the tables (usually) turn quickly. Satsuma serves breakfast (and brunch on Sundays), sandwiches, salads, coffee, and freshly made juices. It has a somewhat limited menu, but everything I have sampled has been good. There are meat and cheese items on the menu, but Satsuma is also good for vegans. Satsuma is also good about posting daily specials on Facebook.
My favorite time of day to visit is lunch. The veggie sandwich is delicious. Even better was the BLT with goat cheese and avocado mash- superb! All sandwiches are served with a little side salad. The juices are somewhat pricey, but worth it. I recently enjoyed beautiful watermelon lemonade. All of the ingredients seem to be really fresh and of high quality.
On my last visit, I went for brunch. I ordered the scrambled eggs with goat cheese, chanterelles, and spinach- very nice. I also purchased a raspberry muffin, which was good but did not have as many raspberries as I would have liked.
If you are in (or near) the Marigny/Bywater area and are looking for a breakfast or lunch on the lighter or healthier side, check out Satsuma.Awesome juice and bakery. Cool staff. Great place to waist a couple of hours.In all of the places these foodies have so far visited in New Orleans, this was by far the freshest and most scrumptious of them all!!
Delightful find across the street from Frady's Market!!I love New Orleans. It's one of the most unique cities in this country,  with such a distinct and infectious cultural identity. I like that this cute little cafe is at once very immersed in the culture of the city (it's located in the colorful Bywater neighborhood, which is near the Marigny) while still offering different and healthy options amidst all the beignets and butter. I had the mediterranean quinoa salad which was really good, as well as a freshly squeezed apple-ginger juice. Definitely stop by if you're in the neighborhood; it really is such a good place.Love this place- the only problem is that it's so popular that it can be hard to find a seat.  They have a new order system, and the wait time has decreased dramatically.  The people working there are very friendly.  Before the new owners bought it, (when it was Caffeo,) there was a "cooler than thou" barista attitude.  What a positive change- the place still has that great funky Bywater vibe, minus the reverse-snobbism (thank God.)  The food won't disappoint- very eclectic and fresh.delish fresh squeezed organic smoothies, salads and sandwiches in a funky location with a cute little courtyard. fun shops surrounding in case you  have to wait.Great little cafe near our Airbnb. We had avocado toast, cafe Au Lait, fruit granola & yogurt bowl with honey and a green sandwich. Everything was fresh and delicious.I had the beet salad w/ goat cheese, fig & walnuts, my company each had the turkey avocado sandwiches on ciabatta- which was delicious. I only gave them 3 stars because the beets were hard & we had to wait an hour for our order (we were told 20-30 min), AND..something in the salad made my lips swell.LOL oh well
Granted, it IS Halloween which is really big & busy here. The businesses have the luxury of 'closing' when they have too many people. This sucks because we went to 2 other places and the wait was over an hour at Louise's and there was only bar seating at the Country Club- but they were having an awesome Rocky Horror Picture-Drag show going on.Great place!  Fresh and healthy with good atmosphere and lots of smiling happy people. It's a great refuge in the marigny for healthy eats, coffee, smoothies, juices,  Teas and great art.  Out door seating is a big plus even if it's small. . Love it!  I'll always come back for the awesome brunch!Nice atmosphere and reasonably priced with a great menu. Can be hard to find a seat. Had the Granola which was delicious, would go back again and definitely recommend.Upon walking in, the first thing i noticed was how chill the atmosphere is. There are small, quaint tables throughout the restaurant and an additional outdoor area with a cute little courtyard to sit at. My whole meal felt very relaxed. Not the speediest at delivering food, be prepared to wait and have some coffee or whatever fits your fancy. Although the menu has several healthier options and some great looking juices to choose from, I decided to go the opposite direction and choose something I could indulge in on this lovely Friday morning. I ordered the banana pecan pancake which I'm not sure is a regular menu staple or if it was just a special of the day, but regardless it was GOOD. Like probably one of the best pancakes I've ever had, no exaggeration. I look forward to coming back and trying other items.5 stars for the biscuit, alone!! "Best biscuit of our lives" was the conversation we were having as we savored each rich and fluffy bite complete with a crunchy buttery crust! Yummm all the way down to the crumbs!
The ice coffee was good, just small.. and the scramble that came with the biscuit was good, as well. But the biscuit really made it a memorable breakfast!Oh Satsuma. I like you. 
Located on Dauphine in what, according to some friends at NOLA Eats, was once an amazing coffee/tea shop called Coffea (best name ever), right next to the Bargain Bin and Bywater BBQ (too much alliteration = too much cutesy. Ugh), Satsuma is my favorite place as of now to chill out, have a salad, drink some tea, and plan for a week of kindergarten lessons. 
The decor is seriously incredible and super random, very New Orleans--mismatched chairs and tables, a tiny garden and patio, a carousel unicorn, local art hanging on the walls (it acts as a gallery as I'm seeing pieces get sold all the time), and dirty fancy hipsters making your sandwiches and coffee. Even the bathroom is pretty, with frames and an old nursery diaper things holder (I don't have kids so I don't know what you call that thing that sits next to a crib) housing cleaning supplies. 
Foodwise! Pretty standard, pretty good, pretty affordable. I usually stick with tea (yerba matte, they don't have too many herbal options sadly), but I've had their beet salad (mixed greens, sprouts grown outside that still had dirt on it, gold and red, chevre and tasty vinaigrette, pine nuts!) and tried their veggie sandwich. They were very vegan conscious for my homegirl when she asked for no cheese, informing her that the sauce had dairy and they could replace with a vegan pesto. 
What more can I say? Their Internet is kind of spotty, it gets dark in their because all the lighting is natural... other than that, can't think of any other flaws.Yummy bagel sandwich and croissants! The vibe was pretty hipster with people studying on laptops.  The cafe is also in a cool location. Great spot for quick bite! Cozy and fun for a casual date or meet up spot.I have lived in Nola for four years (moved from SoCal) and I cannot BELIEVE I was missing out for that long! I had a grilled Brie and pear sandwich that was to die for (much like the one at delachaise in flavor profile) and a ginger lemonade. The drink was bubbly, refreshing, and delicious. The salad that came with the sandwich was wonderful mixed baby greens tossed with just the right amount of vinaigrette. If you are tired of overly cooked and smothered vegetables and fried food, do yourself a favor and go here. Right now. 
They do close at 5pm which kind of sucks.Great cafe with tons of vegetarian options! Had a very chill brunch. Atmosphere is relaxing but not boring. Staff was friendly. Coffee was strong. Will definitely be back.Met a friend here for a late breakfast/early lunch on a weekday. There was a decent little crowd, and even with the chatter of conversations throughout, it wasn't noisy or overwhelming. The interior is beautiful, full of interesting pieces of art and lots of natural light from the huge front windows. I had an iced mocha that was absolutely delicious, and the vegetarian selection was pretty good! My sandwich was on nutty wheat bread with avocado, scrambled egg, swiss, arugula, and tomato. My daughter got a biscuit with bacon, egg, and cheese, and it was a tower! She ate it in layers and loved every bit. Friendly staff, calm ambiance, and the first bathroom in a bohemian coffee shop with a changing table and fun little mobile for babies! Will definitely put this lovely gem on the NOLA rotation!Everything was amazing! I got the beet lemonade and the immune booster drink. Everything in the menu looked too good and my Mexican style breakfast was superb and perfectly well portioned for my appetite. 
The environment was very artsy and laid back. The neighborhood is sweet quaint and a bit rugged. Lovely.Really great place with a cool vibe away from the copious amounts of tourists. I had the salted caramel pancake special and the special spicy mocha which I died over. My boyfriend got the breakfast plate which he also really enjoyed. Definitely a nice spot to dine!!The lines are long, but the staff is on top of it. Helpful, friendly, cool. The menu consists of some seriously delicious, hearty healthy eats: array of breakfast options, strawberry, quinoa and green salads, grilled cheese, turkey, brie & pear sammies. So mouthwatering. 
I went for a super clean healthy green salad which was delicious, but I was still hungry after eating it. I then requested an avocado toast and hummus on the side. And even though it wasn't on the menu, the staff was cool enough to make it for me! Delicious!
Smoothies and juices are on point. Satsuma is one of those rare places where both your meat-loving and vegan friends will be stuffed with happiness from all the flavor. Doesn't hurt that the indoor is super bright and fun, and the patio is always great people-watching.I totally dig Satsuma. It's good food, and it's healthy! It's probably the healthiest breakfast place in town. I love the original Bywater location, it's a great homey space inside. Post yourself up with your laptop and a cappucino and consider yourself home. I like to find a nice table to do the weekend crossword. The breakfast and lunch options are all creative -- the right amount of food without grease and preservatives. Everything tastes fresh like you would make it at home. The fresh squeezed juices are incredible. Sometimes it feels like they're a little too light-handed with the salt in the dishes, but this is probably a good thing for me and my heart. Love that a new location opened uptown closer to my place, but stick to the Bywater if you're not in the mood to be inundated by Tulane undergrads.Since my husband is not  a breakfast eater, I am delighted when I have visitors so we can go out and sample early morning bites. A few months ago, my mother and her husband were here and this was the first place I thought of. Initially, I was kind of disappointed that there was no table service but that's a minor quibble. The staff, although very busy, was cheerful and helpful with recommendations for my juice-neophyte parents. 
Juice was delicious. My mother and I split a One-Eyed Jack and a special sweet-potato ginger pancake. I had a similar pancake a few weeks before at Suis Generis and that one was WAY better. This pancake was flavorless and oddly textured, plus it would have been nice to have a little side of fruit or something to go with it. The One-Eyed Jack was good but we were both still hungry after our breakfast. My SF ordered wisely and got a much heartier meal with eggs, very good black beans and a tasty biscuit.
I'd probably be more inclined to come back here for lunch than breakfast but it is a very sweet little spot. After breakfast, make your way over to the Bargain Center next door for an interesting shopping experience.Let me start by saying that I LOVE the Uptown Satsuma and I go there often--never had a slightly negative experience.  I wish i could say the same about the Bywater location. I order the Green Breakfast Sandwich, which was not a good choice.  After waiting 25 minutes for it to arrive, I should have known that this would not be a good experience. Visually the sandwich was lack luster. They were out of croissants and plain bagels so I was forced to endure some bland multi-grain alternative with a consistency that exist somewhere between toast and formerly wet bread. The cheese chosen for this atrocity was a single slice of slightly melted swiss, which was not apt to cover the large bread chosen for the sandwich. Upon biting the sandwich I felt an instant void and soon realize that void was caused by the lack of flavor. In fact, I believe this sandwich may have achieved some some level of negative flavor because I could no longer taste anything, not even the coffee that I was drinking in conjunction to my meal. Never have I experienced so many ingredient combined in one dish to create no discernible taste. I think the texture of the tomato alone is what warrants a 1 star rating. Needless to say I will be spending my mornings at the Uptown location.Best meal I've had awhile (and I've been having some awesome meals lately) and probably my new favorite restaurant. We were seated immediately (granted, we showed up at 6:30 on the dot, which is when they open for dinner) and my friend Ruth (who REALLY knows his food and beverage sh*t) gave the menu a quick once-over, took my menu out of my hands, and told the waiter "We are going to have a three course meal." and proceeded to order everything at once. It actually ended up being four courses :) And we both had herbal fruit tea for drinks. 
We shared the gougeres (gruyere cheese, prosciutto, tomato jam), boquerones (marinated white anchovies with parsley, lemon, garlic, and olive oil), winter salad (brussel sprouts, winter veggies, capers, parmigiano), shrimp ceviche (avocado in it was a nice touch), gnocchi (SO SOFT, with brown butter, sage, butternut squash, kale, and parmigiano), and seared spiced mahi mahi (with spinach, blood orange, herb salad, and "blood orange gastrique"). For dessert we got the cheese plate that came with honey & cumin cracker. 
D I V I N E. The decor is out of this world adorable. The servers are out of this galaxy nice & attentive. Their lunch menu looks like anything I would ever want to eat, EVER. The bathroom is clean and spacious and if there's a line you can watch the chefs do their thing while you wait. Definitely a gem, I'm very happy with Satsuma :)Food is good... Atmosphere interesting very hipster ethic and the management is a little bit terse for my taste but otherwise I love it!
I strongly recommend the juices fresh beat mixers are awesome and good for you. 
Not handicapped friendly... Service dog we will be treated like a pariah when you walk in with your service dog even if you have papers.Fresh! I love this place. As a person on the road toward a plant based lifestyle I'm always looking for new places and dishes to try out. Satsuma does not disappoint. I have nothing against chains, but for a place with multiple locations Satsuma doesn't give any gimmicky or touristy vibe at all. Highly recommended for people that live to eat and eat to live!Great food, coffee, service, and comfortable vibe!
Their salads were fresh and then hickory coffee was good to the last drop.Our friends who live in New Orleans recommended this spot for brunch. Really tasty and healthy options, too. Really good coffee and super kind employees. Happy vibes. Would probably frequent this spot if we lived in New Orleans. We got the green sandwich (avo, egg, arugula, tomato) and an omelette that was a special.Yum. Crab, brie, spinach, melt on the tastiest wheat bread known to man. Salad good, need salad in this town once in a while. Apple beet carrot lemon juice was sweet and delicious. In a little neighborhood out of the way but worth going to...it's a busy place!Wow.  Satsuma 18' ceiling and store front window give the place a airy feel.  Art covers the walls.  Even some of the patrons have a light, airy, arty look to them.  Definitely a hang-out for the eclectic denizens of the Marigny and Bywater.  Terrific menu of fresh juice blends.  Art-full breakfasts such as Green Eggs & Ham, simple salads with a light house dressing and wonderful sandwiches.  Everything is freshly made.  I wouldn't expect to find any Sysco processed foods boxes in the pantry.:::     After ordering at the counter my friend and I shared a strawberry-basil muffin that was a wonderful balance of ingredients you wouldn't typically think of as muffin fare.  Food was delivered quickly.    Satsuma's get 5 stars for low-price, high quality and wonderful atmosphere.A chance encounter lead me to this place and I am glad it did.  Fresh, fun, creative, and good!  Only real downside is the coffee as it seems to be a little inconsistent with regards to flavor profiles and temperatures.   I really enjoy this little oasis in New Orleans and am happy they have 2 locations now although this one is still the best!Satsuma Cafe is what it is- a cute cafe in the Bywater...what I mean by this is that you're probably imagining it just by that description alone...
The ambiance is low-key artsy, like the neighborhood. Lots of locals stopping in for breakfast or lunch. There's an interior area and an outdoor courtyard, so plenty of seating if the weather is nice. The staff is friendly and impressively efficient- there was a long line when we walked in but they took everyone's orders really quickly and got the food out to us without too much of a wait.
The juices are really good, and the coffee is quite good as well. The food is good but I wouldn't describe it as amazing or anything... fresh and tasty but nothing we had was "omg I have to bring my best friend here for this next weekend!" (and there are distinctly places in the city where that has been my reaction to the food I'm eating)
The basic breakfast sandwich was pretty much what we expected, the tofu scramble was good but we would have added some other herb or spice to it to bump it up a notch. The daily special quiche was also good but not "omg incredible"...
There are a lot of options on the menu for people with different dietary restrictions- so that's convenient if you've got a group of people with varying needs or preferences.
It's also a kid-friendly place- they have high chairs and are cool with talkative preschoolers or toddlers.Words that make me think of Satsuma: refreshing juice, cute garden, great atmosphere, yum yum yummy sandwiches/soup/salad/baked goods
Perfect lunch spot in the area! 
Need I say more?Ordered the BLT which was okay but not great. Salad that came with it was really good, but their iced coffee was great. Happy with my meal but not so excited that i'm planning a trip back.Hipster haven. The food is delicious & fresh. They have so many options for fresh pressed juice as well. Pancakes are great. Totally worth a visit.I've had almost everything on the menu, and Satsuma would still get 5 glowing red ones from me, even if they didn't carry my reigning favorite duo:  Quinoa/Carrot salad with fresh kale/spinach/lemon/apple Popeye juice.  
Love the staff, love the ambience, love the drag on which it's located.  Satsuma is crazy good for a delightfully casual bite to eat during the day.SPOILER ALERT!
I don't eat here; I drink here.  So my review is for the espresso only.  Though from what I hear the food rocks holes.
The espresso here is AMAZING.  And thank goodness.  I'm a snob of snobs when it comes to coffee, and whenever I venture to the Pacific NW I love drinking my way around different sites.  Satsuma comes closest to the experience and product New Orleans sorely lacks WHICH is the greatest of ironies as we are a port and known for our own branding of coffee (read: and chicory).
C'est la vie, c'est la brew.I loved this place! Fresh Interesting items that were delicious as they sounded.
I love their fresh juices and the unique funky decor.I rarely make it to the Bywater for lunch because I am always working, but I had friends in town. We decided to drop by and I am glad I did. I guess everyone knows about this little treasure except for me. I had the pumpkin and nutella pancakes, need I say more, a sandwich, and soup. Ok it wasn't all for me, I had my two year old in tote, but it was so tasty I could have eaten it all. Oh it is kid friendly, major plus. And the fresh squeezed OJ  was so yummy I think my daughter drank it all in one sip.  We will definitely be going back.Always delicious fresh healthy food options.  Love everything I've tried including the various pancake flavors.  And the fresh juices are lovely.So many unique and delicious meal options! We went for breakfast and were over the moon with our meals. I ate a green eggs and Ham sandwich (it was to die for!!!!), while my friends ordered omelettes and burritos. The hibiscus iced tea was refreshing and perfectly floral, and the fresh pressed juices were amazing; the lemon ginger was one of my favorites. Definitely a must visit!Atmosphere: A
Bagel Plate: A++ (also aesthetically pleasing) 
Fresh squeezed juices: A
Overall one of my favorite brunch spots in the city!Well, leave it to me to go yammering off on the place early, before they really got going.
Satsuma is just awesome. Great salads. Beautiful coffee cups filled with perfect coffee. Fancy juices, indeed. All Coffea nostalgia and comparisons with its menu (okay, maybe I still want those crepes back) redacted.Awesome neighborhood cafe with delicious food and local art. We came here for brunch on our last day in New Orleans, as we were craving something a bit healthier than we'd been eating. Satsuma was the perfect choice, as they have fresh juices, kale salads, and quinoa dishes. 
It's an order at the register and they bring you the food setup, and at the end you bus your own table. Also, they take cards. We ordered the Mexican breakfast and the Satsuma breakfast. Both dishes were fresh and just the right size portions to fill you up but not leave you with a plate full of leftovers. To drink we had the green drink (freshly juiced mix of apple, fennel, cucumber, kale and celery) and the beet lemonade. The beet lemonade was very tart but super refreshing and not too beety (for those who don't care for the earthy flavor of beets).
Ambiance is casual and friendly. Several people were working on their laptops or reading over a cup of coffee or a juice. Food came out very quick, even though they were decently busy. 
The place was clean while still being funky, which I appreciated. Satsuma is located in the Bywater area, right next door to what looked like a pretty epic junk/thrift store that is probably filled with some cool treasures. If I lived here this would be a go to brunch spot for me.Dinner was fantastic - maybe the best value in all of NOLA.  Gougeres and shrimp ceviche were fantastic as starters and a steal for $4 and $7 respectively (plus the portions were decent sized).  The [homemade] pasta & mushrooms was also very good (although a bit too much oil for me) and the lamb with lightly pickled carrots was great for the meat eaters out there.  We finished the meal with an amazing ginger cake that packed a nice punch from the ginger and was perfectly moist and delicious.  We brought a bottle of Oregon Pinot Noir for $5 corkage (which gets you some pretty nice wine glasses) and a very filling dinner for 2 made from scratch with fresh local ingredients came out to $50 after tax.  Wow.
There are only about 12 tables but the decor is surprisingly nice and Satsuma Cafe is without a doubt worth going out of your way for dinner.  I presume breakfast and lunch are just as good although presumably more of a casual coffee house environment, but whoever runs this place clearly knows what they're doing.Food looks so good. Nice coffee menu. Had the blt and breakfast plate. Very good prices are reasonable. Sat outside and it was nice and cozy. Well worth the visit. Great neighborhood too.Great product, great service, great ambiance! The Bywater location is equally as delicious as the location Uptown. We love their bagels! The lox always looks beautiful and fresh. I normally get a plain bagel with egg and cheese. Not sure if they top the bagel with something special or if it's the cheese but it's incredible. I tried the pancake for the first time this week and it was amazing. And I recommend the iced mocha.