Absolutely beautiful place!  It totally feels like you're in Paris. The drinks are really good, as are the snackies they bring you. A great place to start your New Orleans adventure.We wanted to follow tradition.
Down the elevator, to the lobby. Door pops open, and across the way: historic Sazerac Bar ( too bad the basement Cave of erstwhile Grunewald was flooded out in Katrina).
One Sazerac and one Ramos Gin Fizz, please. Wonder if Henry Ramos was a bartender who once worked here?
This bar opens late. Love the wood inlay everywhere, and 1930's art murals: one side of room depicting slave life; the other, the bourgeois. Historic.
Fun watching bartender prep my meringue-like drink. Prices run $14-16 here. Wonder how many big power plays and large deals were cinched thusly. Cool experience. Lucky us; able to grab a table.A polished curvy bar made with African walnut, Sinatra playing in the background.  Soft lights glow over paintings by Paul Ninas and then dances on the tile floor to only be met by the glow that illuminates the mirror back bar with etched glass panel situated in the center.  The bartender in a white coat and tie brings over a drink, nothing fruity, neon or with an umbrella but a true classic. The Original Sazerac, the traditional cocktail of New Orleans: 
- Sazerac Rye Whiskey 
- Peychaud's Bitters
- Sugar cube
- Lemon Peel
- Absinthe Rinsed glass
It is strong and burns.  The good kind of burn letting your taste buds know of the citrus, smoke, vanilla and anise that is not too sweet and not too sharp.  A perfectly balanced package.  As you sip your cocktail you take in the elegant space around you, you take in the class, you take in the deco, you take yourself to a different time.The Roosevelt hotel is one of my favorite places to come when I am town. And also the Sazerac Bar has been one of our favorites. But TONIGHT my opinion has changed. The bartender was ok, he wasn't as friendly and accommodating as others have been. The major problem overall was a blonde haired girl who was working the bar tables. We sat down and as she passed by I asked if she could take the glasses (there were 5 of them) that were on the table from the previous guests. And also if she could refresh the tray of snacks. She abruptly removed the drinks and snacks and said nothing. Then came back and slammed the "new" tray of snacks on the table. The whole time she attended to the tables surrounding us but never once came and asked if we would like another drink, which we would have purchased several other drinks if given the opportunity! We absolutely loved this bar and now unfortunately will not return or recommend due to the way we were treated. I understand If someone was rude and this is how she acted, but I can't imagine anyone being more respectful due to my family having experience in the restaurant business for 15+ years.Welcome to the original sazarac bar of New Orleans. I came to Sazarac bar after discovering the sazarac drink on my recent trip to New Orleans. Rumor has it that the Roosevelt was the place where this delicious drink was created. 
The place was packed in the middle of the day on a Saturday. We found a tiny area to squeeze in on a couch in the corner. The waitress came and took our order -- three sazaracs please. 
The drinks were delicious, but overpriced. Though, I guess you can charge whatever you want when you crate this delicious drink. 
Come for the experience and leave after one drink.I've been to the Sazerac twice since it's reopened. The first on New Year's Eve - it was loud and crowded and had a great energy. Everyone was dressed to the nines.  The second this past Tuesday - the middle of  hot-and-humid August and much more subdued, but not dull. Even though these visits are on opposite ends of the spectrum, both satisfied what I was looking for - a nod to the classic New Orleans tradition past generations enjoyed. (Not suggesting that this is a bar for grandparents.) 
But it is a place where you can expect to see sophisticated people taking advantage of the cocktail hour or the last stop before bed. Call it swanky if you like, though I've never thought of it as snotty or pretentious. It definitely has a "vintage" and elegant atmosphere suited to an evening of good conversation over good drinks with good friends.  Or in my case this Tuesday - strong drinks with fun parents....Sazerac is the hotel bar of the Waldorf Astoria, and it has the swank atmosphere of a classic, 20's era high end vintage bar. Decor is art deco. Two Americana murals adorn the walls on either side of wide bar. Bartenders wear white tux jackets. Waitresses are in little black dresses. 
Jay Gatsby and crew would take their absinthe there. Holly Golightly would prowl for rich tricks. Hemingway would seek advice from the bartenders. If you'd like a nice oasis from the tacky camp of the festival season, escape to the Sazerac. 
Get the namesake drink. It is an all liquor cocktail, a whiskey-based mildly liquorice accented drink. 
Easily one of the most unique watering holes in the country. A must visit for the epicure.Sarah is an excellent waitress. She waits on me and my guests excellently each time we visit. Sadly, I've moved away from her area. :-(
When you visit, definitely order a French Martini from Sarah & make sure she includes those delicious gourmet cherries. You'll thank me!The cocktails here are good, but this joint is fancy in a stuffy, self-important way.  If you're someone who has the ability to enjoy a good dive bar, your BS alarm will go off here.  In the pursuit of great cocktails, you're better off going to Empire or Bar Tonique.  
But this joint was one block from where I was staying, and for that I was thankful.True love. 
Decked out in gorgeous wood, with soft lighting and well-groomed bartenders this place is fit for a Waldorf-Astoria hotel. 
The sazerac I tried was phenomenal and the bar chips and nuts were just as memorable. 
The hotel itself had literally decked the halls - it was completely flooded in white twinkle lights for Christmas and it was quite the sight.
It loses a star because the bartenders were generally attentive, but it still took some effort to get their attention and I never did get to ask what kind of chips they served.The Sazerac Bar is housed inside the Waldorf Astoria Roosevelt Hotel. The lobby of the hotel is stunning! And the bar itself has a cool 1920's vibe to it, and the drinks are good.
The Sazerac is the official drink of New Orleans, so I had to try one, and what better place to try one than at the bar that has its name? Although the drink was good, the best Sazerac I had during my stay in New Orleans was at the Boruban O Bar on the corner of Orleans and Bourbos St.
I'd still recommend checking out this bar, if you like having a drink in style.We were oh so excited to go to the Sazerac bar that it was our first stop on our trip after a lovely dinner at MiLa across the street. 
I, of course, ordered the Sazerac, which was worth every sip. The Gin Fizz with the plume of fluffy egg white is seriously impressive and quite a site to watch when poured. You can just feel the history of the place, and the lighting and murals really create an atmosphere.
Worth the trip and the price tag.Just what I was looking for. What a great room and great drinks. It's unfortunate that the crowd was drunk and boorish. I would say that this is place to come with a friend or group. The staff was very nice and the room  is beautiful. It was a little off-putting to see beer served in plastic cups, but then agains, this is the land of the "go cup."Th ambiance is nice, reminds me of a speakeasy which is a fun different place in crazy party New Orleans,  the drinks are pretty expensive at $15 for a sazerac which was just okay.I knew one of the drinks I must try while in NOLA was a Sazerac, so what better place to go than the Sazerac Bar. Located inside the beautiful Waldorf Astoria hotel, the bar is dark and elegant. Bartenders are sharply dressed, but impersonal and inattentive. 
I sat at the bar because I wanted to take in the full experience and enjoy watching the mixologist at work. It took forever to even get a menu. Each bartender had their "space" to mix, so the person taking your order could be mixing your drink on the opposite end of the bar which is what happened to me.
We also noticed other people around us getting bar snacks, but none for us. After watching several gin fizzes being made, I was tempted to order one, but since no one ever bothered to ask if we needed anything else, I just left. Two drinks, $27.
It looked like the table service was slightly better, but with overpriced drinks and subpar service, I don't plan on returning. There are too many other bars in NOLA to try out.Sazarac bar is located in a very fancy hotel. Make sure you dress appropriately because we definitely did not.
The dress code isn't enforced since I also saw others wearing shorts, however, it helps to add to the ambiance if you play your part.
I had a gin fizz here and thought it was well made! My only nitpick is that the sofa was uncomfortably high but of course, it is just a nitpick.Swanky place, not so swanky people.  Not that I mind, makes the people watching more interesting.
All in all, I tried the mint julep, sazerac, and the ramos gin fizz.  I was honestly most impressed with the gin fizz.  I wasn't really sure what to expect (though I've had egg white drinks before, something about knowing that I'm drinking egg gives me a mental block).  That being said, this thing knocked my socks off.  It honestly tasted like a refreshing, minty, citrusy milkshake.  I'm not sure how else to describe it.  Really, go try it.  I've never ever had a drink like it before and will definitely be back for another the next time I'm in town.
PS. They bring out little snack bowls of trail mix and peanuts and pretzels and what not while you're there as well (: +1 in my bookGood atmosphere. Old school feeling, with wood panels. They provide some bar snacks (peanuts, chips, and oriental mix). Had to have the Sazerac - which was pretty good.Our bartender was friendly and helpful. He made delicious drinks - I got a Cajun cocktail which was off menu and recommended based on what I like. I tried the sazerac signature drink which was totally deserving of the hype. 
Lighting is dim and music is low and the atmosphere is cool and classy. Seating can be tough depending on when you go and how many people you go with. Even still, it's worth a visit!Good spot for a drink.  We arrived around 1:00am on a Thursday night and it was a quite dead by then.  However, the cocktails were solid and the bartender was hot.  The decor was a little too stuffy and old fashioned for my tastes.Bad service. Waited 10 minutes at the bar with the bartenders ignoring us. Had to get our own menus from other tables. Ended up leaving without getting drinks. Don't come here. Not worth the $16 cocktails for such poor service.Went out of our way to visit this gorgeous turn-of-the-century bar in the Roosevelt (now the Waldorf). I wanted to go to the birthplace of the drink. I of course had the sazerac which was excellent. It just didn't feel worth going out of our way for. Beautiful decor. Bar is tiny and hard to find a seat at 4:30pm. Service was so-so.I had high expectations coming into this place. Lets talk about the name, Sazerac Bar, the 'official drink of the New Orleans.' So naturally I would order a Sazerac, it was ok, not enough pechauds and instead of washing the glass with Herbsaint they cut corners by using a spray bottle. Sorta nit picking here but if you are calling yourself Sazerac why cut corners just for the volume? Also why only two ryes to pick from? The regular sazerac and the Thomas Handy are great products but there are so many other Ryes out there which can make delicious Sazeracs with. Over all the Ambiance was a 5, Service was a 4 (often felt like they were talking down to me though), and the drinks were over priced.Great bartenders and amazing atmosphere. This place definately feels like you've stepped back in time to a more sophisticated era. Worth visiting.Enjoyed spending a few hours here with friends. Nice atmosphere with great drinks. Went around 1 PM so not too busy.With many options in New Orleans, the Sazerac Bar is  standout with its classic old New Orleans feel and quality mixed drinks. The drink orders included the Sazerac, Manhattan, Kentucky Colonel, and Cuba Libre. All drinks were well made and still being talked about at the close of the night. Context: the Sazerac Bar was our first stop. 
The only downside was the noise level. With a group that was trying to catch up, we had to yell at each other or lean in for the entire visit.Beautiful bar, delicious drinks, but way too crowded! If I'm spending $15+ per drink, I don't want to have to elbow my way to the bar and then stand around in a huge, noisy crowd. This place just didn't have the vibe I was expecting for a nice hotel bar. No music, no seats. The few available couches and chairs were completely full, and the bar itself lacked seating. Really a shame for the potential it has.
That said, service was surprisingly good. The bartenders were doing their best, considering what they had to deal with.
If you're looking for a quiet, classy place to grab a fancy cocktail, I'd look elsewhere. We finished our drinks quickly and took off immediately.We stayed at The Roosevelt so obviously we had to try this place! I'm glad we did because I had one of the best drinks I've ever had in my life. We came here two nights in a row for post dinner cocktails. 
We ordered:
- Sazerac
- Silver Water Cooler
- POG Daiquiri Slammer
- Ramos Gin Fizz
Highlight: THE RAMOS GIN FIZZ. The texture was smooth and frothy. It tasted like a lighter, liquid version of key lime pie, as odd as that sounds. It was delicious and I would come back to New Orleans just to have this drink one more time! 
The interior was a bit disappointing as I was expecting it to be darker and more "jazzy" but still very nice with a lot of seating and tables. The service is quick as well so it doesn't take long to get a drink and relax.A piece of history! A piece of Cocktail history!
Sazerac Bar & Restaurant is on my must visit list during my Weekend in New Orleans. 
I tried both the Sazerac and Ramos Gin Fizz. This is the first Ramos Gin Fizz I had during my trip and I have to say this is the best one I had, creamy and smooth and easy to drink!  And not surprisingly to know that  Roosevelt Hotel group trademarked the drink name in 1935 and still makes it today.
I will be back to Sazerac just for their Gin Fizz!At around $14 each, these cocktails are not cheap. But the bar and environs are gorgeous. Go to splurge for a round. The gin fizz is truly unique. The titular cocktail is less distinguished. Old fashioned will hit you hard. Really kind, thoughtful servers that make you feel at home even if you're in shorts and t-shirts.Hands down my favorite bar experience of all time. I'm pretty picky about my cocktails and I love an old school bartender that mixes fabulous concoctions. Our bartender was amazing! We of course had to start off with a Sazarec and it was the best one I've had in New Orleans!! New I went with an Old Fashioned- my go to drink- this one didn't disappoint and now all Old Fashioned's I drink are being compared  to that one. Amazing!! We topped off the night with a Ramos Gin Fizz. Must get this!!!!! It is so fun to watch them make and it is light and creamy. So good!!!! If you love a mixology bar GO!!!Excellent cocktails poured with care and craftsmanship! We really enjoyed the Sazerac, Gin Fizz and Old Fashion.Sazeracs are good, the other stuff is alright, but the service is really nice. Sarah was great and tolerated our group more than we probably deserved.HANDS DOWN my favorite bar in all of New Orleans.  AMAZING drinks.  I loved it so!
The service and drinks were amazing, the bar is indescribably beautiful.  
The bar alone made me wish I were alive in the thirties, with my little cocktail dress and curled hair drinking some prosecco with a handsome gentleman.  Sigh...The Sazerac Bar in one word-swanky. I would definitely say that this is more of an upscale bar. I thoroughly enjoyed the ambiance of this bar. Very laid back, dim lighting, seating at the bar and couch and chair seating away from the bar.
Their signature drinks are great. The French 75, The Sazerac, and The Southern Gentlemen were very good. They also have an extensive list of whiskies and bourbons here along with a great red wine selection. 
If you are looking for a nice upscale bar with great signature drinks, this is your place.There's a lot to like about the Sazerac Bar. Ambience is great and old South murals are classic. And of course the namesake cocktail is well made. Two strikes though for  the grossly over-priced wine list.I love this place! It just has such a classy old timey feeling to it. And it is by far the best hotel bar I have ever been too! The bartenders take pried in making your drink. Yes, it make take a few minutes for them to make something for you, but it's well worth with wait. 
Every drink I have ever had here has been delicious. On a nice night, pick up a cigar and grab a drink to go from the bar and head up to the pool on the 5th floor. Sitting in a lounge chair, drinking a sazerac, and smoking a cigar......what an awesome idea!The Sazerac is very fitting with the hotel's decor and atmosphere.  You feel transported back in time to the 20s or 30s upon entering.  Its dimly lit with low playing music, perfect for a seated conversation with great drinks.  The menu options range from classic cocktails to modern, we sampled some of each.  The bartender was very friendly and quite fast given he was the only one working the early evening we stopped in.  If the bar is your scene, then this one is not to be missed while in New Orleans.During Tails of the Cocktail, we stopped in the Hotel Roosevelt at the Sazerac Bar and were not disappointed one bit.  The hotel itself is a step back to the prohibition era of gilded surfaces, ornate scroll-work, stone floors, and one really amazing perpetual clock.  Just walking in I was impressed, and I hadn't even seen the bar yet.
Stunning.  Simply stunning.  This is the kind of bar that makes me nostalgic, especially as a bartender, to step back in time and watch the craft being performed.  Bartenders in white apothecary jackets whipping up drinks to cure what ails you, then and now, is an awesome look.  The bar has history everywhere.  The massive silver trophy cup behind the bar, the bullet hole left in the bar to form a conversation piece, and historical markers to describe it all- you can't find that in other places.  Its been created year after year of operation, not overnight.
The story of the Sazerac is a great one, but not one I will go into here.  Come by the bar and ask, or look around online.  Its quintessentially American and part of who we are as a drinking culture.  The options available here are vast with cocktails, but whatever you settle upon, the deep wrap-around couches, warm earth tones and hard woods, spacious bar top, and high ceilings beckon you to drink in a piece of history that generations have and hopefully will continue to enjoy.  A must on a tour of drinking culture in New Orleans.Struggling to give it one star. Service by both the bar staff and the hostess was.non existant. I stood at the bar for about 5 minutes while three Barney stood at one end talking. I eventually asked the bar back is anyone was working. When he told them I was waiting for service one grudgingly came over. When we were looking for a second drink the hostess finally had to be waved at to come over and she was only serving one table. I had even pushed the empty glasses to the side of the table. Noisy, hard to talk. Not relaxing. Pity.I'd better see The Sazerac inside the pearly gates or I'll take the express trolley down below.  If you want a taste of life a hundred years ago then take a detour from the many modern abominations flooding the streets of the Quarter and step inside the Roosevelt.  A lovely spot to try excellent cocktails which invoke another era, like the new Orlean's original, the Sazerac, invented in 1850 or so.  A Sazerac generally contains two ounces of rye whiskey (or Congac), bitters, 1 cube of sugar and absinthe making a potent but very fine drink.   Also, try the Ramos Gin Fizz which is another New Orleans original and a total knockout for the gin drinker.  And they also offer many other special concoctions of their own which are delightful.  The bartenders and atmosphere are unreplicated in the rest of New Orleans so if you prefer a bit of history and a large dash of elegance instead of mass quantities, then it's well worth stopping in.  Order a Grasshopper for dessert.Old fashioned ambience and it was packed.
The bartenders were friendly but professional.enjoyed them making the drinks too!
The Sazerac is a classic!!The Roosevelt is the absolutely gorgeous Waldorf Astoria hotel in New Orleans. The Sazerac bar in it is fantastic. You can't help but feel elegant here. The whole thing has the feel of an F. Scott Fitzgerald novel. Muneezeh accompanied me here, but she was still reeling from Hurricane's and hand greandes past. With the jazzy atmosphere though, you don't need a drink to feel cool.
The bar is beautiful made from an "African walnut" supposedly. But the people behind it were't nearly as polished. We hit a perfect time, with only about 7 people in the whole place on a weekday afternoon. Still, we couldn't get decent service. It took a good 15 minutes to get her attention to place an order. I understand that a great cocktail takes some time to make, but come on.
The cocktail itself was everything I'd hoped. Strong rye, absinthe lined, bitters and sugar proportioned perfectly, lemon peel garinsh (though it was a little limp hanging there, bartendress).
I will go back next time I'm there and hope that I was wrong with only 3 stars. All it will take is competent service and I will gladly add to that.Great bar all around (although much of the clientele is not my age), but even if it totally fell apart, I would totally keep coming back if only to have the Ramos Gin Fizz. That drink = crack. The first time I ever had that drink was the beginning of my obsession with gin and egg whites. Also, watching them make it is oh so entertaining.Great cocktail bar and of course the Sazerac is outstanding!  Also had a good old fashioned.  Atmosphere is very throwback cocktail bar from an earlier 40's to Mad Men era.If you're in New Orleans you gotta have a Sazerac right ?! And if you're gonna have a Sazerac, you gotta come here. Right?! So I did. By reputation, I knew about the Art Deco mural on the wall. The place feels like a throwback. Like something from the roaring '20's. It's kinda cool. Located in a hotel lobby's commercial area it fits right in. Low lighting made it a bit too dark for me, but it works. Because its in a hotel though and it's famous, the place is popular....and loud....and gets everyday people, tourists, folks who don't quite fit the more elegant grandiose look of the place.Takes away from things a bit. For me at least. It was also disturbingly loud when I was there (both times). I get that it was past midnight and drinks were served, but that noise when you're trying to enjoy and savor this classic New Orleans drink? Buzz kill. The drink itself is wonderful. A real connoisseur will appreciate it. They also make an Old Fashion and it's variant the Fall Fashion. Both sounded great. Overall, classy place that anyone can come to. Want a little different bar experience. Come here. Classic.This is classic cocktailing all the way. The bartenders were friendly-ish. They are serious about getting the drinks out so they don't really engage with you all that much. Perhaps it was because we were there on a Thursday night but I understand. The Gin Fizz is a blast to watch the bartenders do their thing. I had the Sazerac and it was delicious. I now judge all Sazerac's by the one I had here. The drinks run in the $15-$17 a throw. Not inexpensive but with the service and ambiance this is what the going rate seems to be. I really enjoyed the hour that I spent at the Roosevelt.This bar was exactly what I was expecting from a bar in the Roosevelt: beautiful, over-priced and full of older patrons.  I really can't complain about the quality of the drinks.  They were good, but certainly not the best I've had in New Orleans.
I expect quite a lot from the bartenders at a bar of this quality, and left a little disappointed.  Our bartender made great conversation with the couple next to us, but didn't even bother to chat us up, even after that couple left.  Perhaps he thought he'd be able to get a better tip out of them?  My husband ordered a Japanese Cocktail, which he only orders at classy upscale bars because only seasoned bartenders of the highest quality seem to know how to make the drink, but our bartender had no clue.  When my husband told him how to make it, the bartender said they don't carry orgeat, one of the main ingredients.  I was a little surprised by that.  Also, when I ordered a gin and soda, he seemed to turn his nose up at me for not ordering something more refined.
I definitely wouldn't return here.  It just isn't worth the extra money.Hotel bar had never been that appealing to me, mostly because I don't always travel in style and stayed in five-star hotels, but Sazerac Bar has redefined the experience for me, and I kinda like it
Having coming off a cocktail tour on Bourbon Street, we were trying to stick to something strictly NOLA, which were Sazerac and Ramos Gin Fizz, two of the obvious choices if we want to do what Roman, I mean, New Orlean, do.
The water come in a glass decanter, and cocktails serve with some snacks, and servers were attentive but not hovering; for a few moments, we felt like we were one of the riches, just came from the Zurich Classic, have a glasses or two, talking about how much we think the sun over the green in hole 17 was a bit over-bearing. Okay, so maybe not that obnoxious.If you're going to be a tourist in a touristy place, then you can't complain about the touristy prices. This place however, is worth the up charge. It is very classy little Lounge that tends to be frequented by moneyed  folks - - but not necessarily. You wouldn't be overdressed if you were wearing a suit and tie - - but you would look like a total tool if you showed up in a T-shirt and some ripped jeans. Despite the location, locals actually do come here when they want a classy place to enjoy a quality cocktail. The old fashioned is quite stiff and is easily stronger than your average bourbon cocktail. You will probably be feeling it halfway through the drink. This staff is very courteous and they give you the 5 Star Treatment at a fair price.Good place for after dinner drinks.  A little on the over priced.  Still nice quiet place to chill.I've been to the Sazarac a number of times since it reopened in the Roosevelt Hotel, and my impressions are generally positive.  For starters, they do make a very, very good Sazarac.  Their other mixed drinks, particularly the Ramos Ginn Fizz, are excellent. Also, the snack mix provided is addictive. 
However, what's really wonderful about the Sazarac is the atmosphere. It's definitely one of the most beautiful bars in New Orleans.  The seating is comfortable, the bartenders are straight-laced and well-mannered -- it really is kind of like taking a step back into the 1930's.
Now there are couple of reasons I'm taking off a star.  First, the drinks are expensive.  I think they're worth it, but your mileage may vary. Secondly, there was one time I went to the Sazarac when they were using an untested bartender who made absolutely awful drinks. Everything was wrong.  That has never happened again, but that's inexcusable in this caliber of bar.  
Overall, one of the finest bars in New Orleans. I will definitely return again and again.Super classy, old school bar! No frills, just traditional strong drinks. We got the famous sazerac and tasted the gin fizz, both were amazing! Definitely make a trip if you're in the area!Apparently this is where the Sazerac got invented. That's pretty cool. 17 bucks per mediocre drink, however, makes this place not worth going back to.It was my first time having a Sazerac and quite possibly I had the best already. If you haven't had the chance yet.. it is a little similar to Old Fashioned but still different. More on the bold side. The bar itself is best described by the alliteration..Creative, Classy Cozy and Compulsory!!Come here for the sazerac - properly done with cognac. 
Stay for the people watching? Do whatever you want afterwards. 
Their sazerac is fairly solid, although I chuckled at their somewhat predictable cognac choice. Table service was friendly.
Crowd skews oldish.Hey bartender...! I don't know what to look at more, these sharp looking bartenders in white coats or the gorgeous decor of the hotel. This hotel is just a quick walk from the canal street car line so a night out on the town is very accessible! The drinks are yummy and the atmosphere is romantic and elegant. During Christmas they serve up some holiday specialties that are sure to impress. During the holidays it is especially busy with this being a top spot to meet up to see the lights and meet your friends at the bar. The bartenders are very polite, the seats are super comfortable and the ambience is to die for. Bring your friends, date or even your boss and coworkers!Have wanted to come here for a bit and on my 3rd trip to NOLA made it. I am sooo happy I discovered the sidecar like two days before and ordered it various places around town with varying results - then ordered one here. It was likely the "one" that all others should be compared too- its like having your 1st good steak after eating Sizzler all your life. Light bulb goes on "oh!" Wish I could speak for anything else other than atmosphere ( likey if you like old school) but we just stuck to the one drink. 
Bartender was of the "mixologist" type- this is not a dig, rather a compliment for a great drink that was well made.Having friends in town gave us the justification to check out The Sazerac Bar in the Roosevelt Hotel, and I need to gush over it for a moment. If you haven't been, I strongly recommend at least walking through to get a look at it. 
I was awed by the aesthetics and the drinks were fantastic. I had the southern gentleman - maker's mark and pure cane syrup poured over muddled blackberries and mint - although it was hard to choose as all drinks on the well-appointed list looked interesting. Service was great. You truly do feel like you've stepped back in time and the lighting and atmosphere give it an eerie Overlook Hotel vibe. Check it out!Rude, Grotesquely Expensive, Shitay Service....and I don't mean that in a good way. 
Being someone who prides himself on quintessential drinks (ie. Glass @ Opus One in Napa, Bloody Mary @ the King Cole Bar in NYC, Dublin Dr. Pepper in Dublin, Texas) I thought the Sazerac was going to be my crowning experience.  I mean these are all Mr. Button drinks. 
Enter, Sazerac Bar at The Roosevelt in New Orleans....that was the sound of our great night coming to a screeching halt.   
What a let down. I can see why the rest of Louisiana's legislature threatened to resign if this bar's drink became the official cocktail of Louisiana.   After a few minutes here, I would rather cast my vote for any drive-thru daiquiri shop...with the straw on the side of course.This was a nice escape from a busy, loud bar environment.  I liked the old, dark and upscale feel.  The gin fizz was recommended and I'm so glad my friend and I ordered this because it was amazing!  It's really worth getting although it comes with a hefty price.Can't really add much more to what others have written. Came here for a drink on a recent Sunday evening, after dinner at Domenica. Had to try the two standards, of course--a Sazerac and Ramos Gin Fizz--as well as an Old-Fashioned. I'm not a cocktail guy, but they were all excellent.
Overall, the bar was bigger than I had anticipated--I liked the cozier and more dimly-lit atmosphere of Arnaud's French 75 Bar better--but drinks were exemplary and service superb.If you are ever dining anywhere around the famed Roosevelt Hotel, making a stop at the Sazerac Bar is a must. Its one of the best real old school bars in the city serving some of the most famous drinks of today and days gone by. Great place to sit with friends and have drinks or to stop in and people watch. One of the venerable parts of this amazingly historical hotel.The Sazerac is such an elegant bar. 
I suggest the Ramos gin fizz. Great place to have birthday drinksFun and delicious drinks- but CRAZY high prices. Good for every once in a while but not somewhere I would go regularly.Lived in New Orleans for the first 23 years of our lives. Moved away years ago. On this return visit, we decided to finally drink a Sazarac at the Roosevelt Hotel. The drink was unique and tasty. We recommend the plain old Sazarac over the 1840 Sazarac, which contains Cognac instead of whiskey. The bar itself is plush and ritzy-looking, but the staff are quire friendly and accommodating. This is a good place to have conversation with relaxed people from around the country as well as possibly the world. And you can get just about anything your heart desires in the way of alcoholic beverages--not just Sazaracs. Be forewarned: Sazaracs, and drinks in general, are very expensive here.Rebecca's knowledge in making drinks is incredible!!!   A must have upscale bar/lounge to visit!!!When in NOLA, have the famous drink! Not bad, they also make a gin fizz that is fun to watch them make.  The service at the tables is a little slow, but the bartenders are real pros, and have some great info about the paintings in the bar.  The  atmosphere is very old world, what a great place!!Good drinks, good service. Not a bad spot to grab a drink and sit on nice comfy couches!The drinks were a bit overpriced. The crowd when we got there was insanely loud and annoying (as was the music for a while). Eventually the crowd thinned, the music mellowed, and the drink kicked in. After that, had a quint 20's vibe.A classy, cool bar in a comfortable environment.  Some bars in New Orleans have drink lists that are pages long but the consistency varies widely.  The drink list is smaller here, but what they do, they do extremely well.  It is a lot of fun to watch the bartenders make the drinks, they are very personable, and happy to talk to you about drinks, business, life, etc.   For me, this is a perfect place to have a night-cap.I stayed at the Waldorf for my birthday and decided to get a drink since the cafe and lounge were both closed. My boyfriend and I walked in and sat at the bar. There were 2 bartenders. After about 15 minutes neither of them approached us, even though the room was relatively empty. Finally after another few minutes I decided to be more aggressive in getting their attention. I said "excuse me, we'd like some help." And one of the bartenders came over. We asked for our drinks and as he brought them over he asked if we wanted to pay for them or open a tab. My boyfriend gave him $30 and he never came back to bring us change or offer any additional service. We felt discriminated against. We didn't receive the same treatment as the other 3 couples at the bar. The bartenders talked to them, gave them attention and served them complimentary nuts. I wish I didn't go into the bar so that I never had to experience the rudeness and racism. 
We ordered 2 non-alcoholic drinks and I'm sure they didn't cost $15 each. Sitting in a room of 3 white couples and 2 white bartenders, and not receiving any type of help, it was pretty obvious that we were un-welcomed guest.The Sazerac Bar in the glorious Roosevelt Hotel is a place I highly suggest visiting while in NOLA. Enjoy the glamorous Deco setting without any pretentiousness. Matt is our favorite mixologist. He knows his stuff and makes you feel at home with his easy, welcoming demeanor. His drinks are on point!I came to Sazerac Bar on a personal Sazerac bar crawl and was met with great service and great cocktails to match. Bryson is a great bartender who listens to your tastes and suggests great drinks to match what you're looking for. I had a Cocktail la Louisianne to start and a Southern Gentlemen next. Both cocktails were excellent. I will come back for the Gin Fizz with my better half can join me. This is a great place for anybody visiting to stop. Ask for Bryson.We locals know the Sazerac is a longtime favorite here in Nola. The redone bar is stunningly as gorgeous as the lobby! Everyone I bring here for..yes..you guessed..A Sazerac cocktail enjoys the drink as well as the atmosphere!The perfect start to a long weekend in New Orleans. The hotel is fancy & the bar is beautiful. Dim, quiet, elegant- complete opposite of what came later. We each had a sazerac- $17 per drink. Good, but you ca get a sazerac cheaper elsewhere (Luke's in the CBD or Napolean House in the FQ). Go for the atmosphere.Great cocktails, but pricey. Get the feeling you are in a private club. It was good to get away from crazy Bourbon Street.Inside the stunning Roosevelt, this iconic bar serves up A+ cocktails and has so much to see. The architecture walking up to the hotel is spectacular, with a gorgeous upscale lobby and the epitome of Art Deco throughout the bar. This is a timeless bar with unmatched service. Upon entering, my fiancee and I were immediately offered ice cold water (very thankful after walking NOLA in June) some great little snacks and a drink menu was shared. The menu has some classics and modern cocktails, with a full lineup of beer and wine as well. 
I went with the original Sazerac. Who doesn't go for a Saz at the Saz? My fiancee got an Old Fashioned. Our two tenders were both very friendly - we had some great conversation while the drinks were prepared but they were not intrusive. We enjoyed our time there, felt very relaxed, and overall had an enjoyable experience. I ended my night with a neat Weller 12, which is by far the best bang for your buck at the bar. Overall, it is pricey, but you're not just drinking a cocktail, you should be sipping and soaking in the entire environment from its patrons, to historic items, to the murals, and of course, the bullet hole....
One of my all-time favorites!The world's first mixed drink was served here way back in the day. Gotta check  that out right. It's in the Waldorf Astoria so its gonna be expensive but if you have to ask "how much" then get the hell out of here.  Sweet old school style bar with booths, chairs, and a long bar. Packed for sure but got a couple Sears at the bar. Went with the places namesake the Sazerac. Whiskey, absinthe, sugar cube, lemon peel. Sweet and strong but good. Easy drink. Probably could put down a bunch if you don't pay attention.I loved the feel of this charming, old-school hotel bar. It was absolutely beautiful and it felt like you entered another decade when you walked in. Came here on a Sunday morning, which is of course the perfect time for cocktails! I tried both a sazarac, as well as their take on an old fashioned. The sazarac was excellent, but the old fashioned was just okay. Honestly, at a classic cocktail bar like this, I would have preferred a classic old fashioned to the one on their menu, which had a more modern twist and was a bit too sweet. Overall, a gorgeous bar though, with a clearly knowledgeable bartender. Definitely worth checking out for a drink!Ramos Gin Fizz - that's all I need to say - set yourself back in time to classic New Orleans- I'm talking felt hats and tommy guns - this place is a time warp to the past and what is the best parts about it. 
Great atmosphere From top down - I love the drink menu ( i posted a picture) and the staff still wears the ties and white coats. Get in your Time machine, fire up your flux capacitor and head over"The Sazerac Bar Welcomes Guests 21 and Over" -- a dream come true. Expensive drinks to be sure, but well worth it for the other-worldly, forgotten-times vibe...vaguely reminiscent of The Shining's ghostly bar. With perfect music at a perfect volume, attentive, professional barkeeps (in smart white coat & tie)-- and absolutely superb, authentic cocktails, this place is to be revered and frequented whenever possible.It's a small bar/lounge located inside the Roosevelt hotel. We ordered the classics: Sazerac and the Ramos Gin Fizz, both were great! If you want a drink drink Sazerac is the go-to. The Gin Fizz was more a dessert drink imho. Drinks are are pricey but the bartenders really put effort into making these drinks. It was definitely like a Mixology bar but without the arrogant hipster mixologists.A couple of us went to the Sazerac Bar while being from Minnesota.  This was the best bar we could have choosen in New Orleans.  The cocktails are made by real artist and the history of the place is all over the walls, literally.
I do need to give a big shout out to our bar tender Max.  He had some great jokes and bartender skills that made the night really fun for us.  Make sure to ask for Max if you check this place out.  He is a hoot.Sazerac Bar is located inside the Waldorf Astoria hotel which is best described as stunningly elegant. If you're walking into the front entrance, you'll find this classy bar on your lefthand side after walking past the elevators.
The drinks are expensive but expected and worth it for the dimly lit atmosphere and to match the fancy dress/outfit you're going to walk in with. Wear your Gucci loafers and a nice blazer to complement your high-quality crafted cocktail.
Obviously, the drink to get here is the Sazerac. Per the International Bartenders Association, this drink consists of:
1) 5 cl cognac
2) 1 cl Absinthe
3) One sugar cube
4) Two dashes Peychaud's Bitters
It's delicious.
To best enjoy this drink, you it's ideal if you have developed taste buds for whiskey. If that's not your poison, then get the Ramos Gin Fizz and be amazed by its presentation!
Are you planning a classy night out? Start or end here at this sophisticated New Orleans bar.Make sure you see Rachel, AMAZING mixologist!
Great Old Fashioned! The Sazerac is a must try.nice cocktail list had several nice ambiance tooCame for the original Sazerac and was not disappointed. Well made cocktail with excellent service.Sazerac Bar was highly recommended  by the almighty Anthony Bourdain, so of course we had to visit before leaving NOLA, glad it was our last stop, had it been our first we may have never left. Their Sazurac is amazing, the best we'd had. Ever. And so was our babe of a bartender, Matthew... We talked about Jack Kerouac, Tropic of Capricorn and Midnight in Paris. The drink coupled with outstanding conversation and that handsome face made for the perfect ending to a perfect trip!I love everything about this bar.  I get excited walking into the Roosevelt Hotel and knowing I am going to go to the Sazerac bar!  The art deco furnishings are unique, I have spotted this bar in several films and I wish there were a bar this beautiful and original in my hometown of Houston.  My drinks of choice: (of course) the Sazerac cocktail and the Ramos Gin Fizz.   Both are made here with ease, and they go down easily as well ;)  I would highly recommend this bar for an pre or after dinner drink!Quite pricy but very worth it. Must get the bar's name sake drink. Its the best in town. Their Ramos Gin Fizz is just worth it. The bar has a cool vibe. The bartenders all were dressed beautifully. They had delightful bar snacks too.Lovely atmosphere, strong drinks, perfect spot for appetizers and a cocktail before a night out. They are known for their oysters (on half she'll or  grilled)and we also loved their mixed olives. Fast service and great authentic NOLA cocktails. Worth the money. Set in the beautiful Roosevelt hotel. Even if you're not staying here it's worth coming in for a drink (especially during the holidays when the hotel goes ALL out with amazing Christmas  decorations).** 3.5 stars **
A grand hotel bar and restaurant, styled in old-fashioned Art Deco.  No one could fault the comfortable seating, all smoky leathers and roomy couches.  Even being in earshot and view of the Roosevelt Hotel's main corridor doesn't distract, as that too is sumptuous.
Clearly, that the Sazerac bar made the cut to our focused itinerary was no mere chance.  Although its current location was not the original, various historical accounts credits the original location as being where the cocktail was first served, and it remains a destination for its namesake.  Having developed an appreciation for the Sazerac at my last NOLA trip, it seemed only right to have one here.
Served in a glass emblazoned "Sazerac," an unfortunate bit of tackiness, their Sazerac is a perfectly good version.  I distinctly liked the ones I had at Carousel Bar and Cure better, although my palate is not yet refined enough to tell you why.  More exciting, perhaps?
Other cocktails tried in the group weren't particularly memorable but the level of craftsmanship was decent enough to make this bar a fine stop.  I must note I was not a fan of their Ramos Gin Fizz.  Although texturally it was possibly the fluffiest and creamiest version I've had, the flavor profile was too simple, the gin disappearing under a milkshake-like drink, its orange flower water scent barely there.  Sure to appeal to some, but this isn't apparently the way I like it.
Cocktails were not ordered nor enjoyed at the bar, if that were to make a difference.  Still a reasonably good cocktail bar, and their Sazerac is worth a try.  Gorgeous place to have a drink.Club chairs, table service, and a Ramos gin fizz.  Really, why would you drink one anywhere else?  If it's good enough for Huey Long, it's good enough for you, too.  Odd choice for such a man-of-the-people, but I digress....  I bring out of town guests here for a "quintessential New Orleans experience," whatever that means.  One could certainly do worse.Great cocktails and service in a grand atmosphere. 
Initially we sat at a table that someone had left and it took forever for the glassware to be cleared. Eventually went to the bar since we sat for 10-15 min waiting for someone to take an order. 
At the bar both bartenders were wonderful. Had 2 sazeracs and they were great. Expertly crafted!
Great atmosphere and would go again when in town. 
This is my 3rd time visiting this bar over the last 5 years.Gilded lobby, alligator backed lounge chairs, original cocktails, this is a step back in time.  Very cool!Take a moment out of time and enjoy a Sazerac or Pimm's Cup at this Art Deco bar. The Roosevelt is a graceful hotel, and Sazerac is a delightful extension. This is one of our usual spots whenever we're in New Orleans. It is a beautiful bar, warm and cozy. The bartenders are professional and the cocktail servers are nice people. At times the clientele is a bit pretentious and self important, but if you have a well constructed cocktail in hand, the man you love next to you, and plenty of amusement, then it can make for very entertaining people watching and conversation.  We have enjoyed staying at the Roosevelt. And we will be at the Sazerac for drinks whether we stay at the Roosevelt or elsewhere.Staying in the quarter and looking for something a bit more refined than the bustle of Bourbon Street? This is your place!
Settle down at a table and graze on complimentary snacks while you decide what to order. We tried the classic Sazerac, which was easily the best I had in New Orleans, and the punchy Gin Fizz, which was a uniquely creamy and sweet-tart concoction that was all too easy to gulp down.
Though the crowd is lively (not as rowdy as Bourbon), the atmosphere is lavish--after all, this is the Roosevelt!Nearly everything else in NOLA has been a massive disappointment, but this was the sparkling exception. The guys had perfectly mixed drinks. I was delighted to find really good California wine this far from home. Perhaps the most welcome surprise was bar snacks without gluten: peanuts and caramel popcorn. I recently hit upon red wine and popcorn, but add the caramel and it's addictive.Matthew, the bar tender, was wonderful despite the bar being over crowded and under staffed (he was the only one working). It takes a special type of server to stay calm as people are cranky and waiting on drinks. Note to management: you need backup.  
The Ramos Gin Fizz was delicious. The decor dark and beautiful. The air conditioning appropriately icy. 
But there was one guy working. 
Again, he was good. But, Management, you need to get him at least a bus boy. 
Matthew gets five stars, but overall it was a three star experience because Matthew needs backup. Did I say it enough? You've got a legendary product. Why lose customers?!Excellent drinks and service at this effortlessly classy, historic New Orleans bar.
After learning that my apartment is right around the corner from the late Governor Huey Long's favorite bar, I had to come check it out. I stopped in for a drink on a Sunday night. The bar is located inside the Roosevelt Hotel, at the very end of the lovely lobby. (It is not the bar called "The Roosevelt Hotel Bar," which has an entrance to the outside.)
I ordered the Ramos Gin Fizz. It was excellent. Though it was pretty pricey, I think it is worth it because of the unique experience of this old, storied bar. I really enjoyed the chic atmosphere of the bar, as well. The bartenders were very attentive and made great drinks.
I hope to come back to try their namesake drink!
5/5Very friendly bartenders! Knowledgeable on the area too. Educate yourself on a Sazerac- save yourself the twelve bucks if you don't like an old fashioned! So many tourists with full drinks!!!Great place for drinks and chill. Old fashioned atmosphere, dark lightening, soft music. Not very crowded or loud. Drinks are great we got old fashioned, ramos gin fizz, sazerac and joie de vivre, they all are great. My personal favorite is ramos gin fizz, very sweet and creamy.hmm. Great time but that was the company. The paneling is beautiful and I loved the tile floor. But for a $13 drink I want less light and more lux, i.e. better upolstery and rugs. I don't know, compared to the rest of the hotel, I was expecting more swank. The Ramos Gin Fizz is now made with cream. I liked the touch of orange water. It was like a gin milkshake. Not bad and kind of fun but I'll stick with a "plain" gin fizz. Greg says the Sazerac was really really good.The signature Sazerac is bar none, the best sazerac I had in town. It was executed very well, not too sweet, not too dry. Also, the gin fizz was fantastic. Bartenders really know what they're doing here. Lastly, the atmosphere at the bar and the Roosevelt hotel is great.Had a great Sazerac.  The bar was beautiful, seemed like it was out of the bar in the moving "The Shining"
Nice atmosphere, a great place to come for a great crafted cocktail.I really appreciate a good sazerac, so I was excited to try the namesake drink at the Sazerac Bar. Just walking into the opulent Roosevelt Hotel, you know you're in for some kind of experience. The actual bar made me feel like I was in that bar from the Shining. I was just waiting for Jack Nicholson to show up. It definitely feels like it's seen a LOT of history. Despite the fact that there could be just a tad more mood lighting (maybe some lights on the great murals flanking the bar that are hidden in the dark??), the sazerac's were WONDERFUL. Our waitress was super nice and even bought me a drink because it was my birthday. We ended up back at the Sazerac the next night!So swanky and fun! I had two dark and stormy drinks since it was a dark and interesting place. The seats were comfy, the clientele was high end, and the service was great. I liked the ambiance a lot. You really feel like you've stepped back into that old fashioned bar scene when you visit!I've been here several times over the past couple of years.  This is a beautiful bar in the middle of a beautiful hotel,  Dinner at Domenica,  dessert at Sazarac... it doesn't get much better.
Similar business model as Cure - high end, high quality, high price drinks in a great environment. Sazarac is a little more formal than Cure but not suffocating formal. Dress appears to run from casual to wedding apparel.  
The atmosphere is classic, 20's era decor, jazz in the background, well groomed bartenders and servers, very comfortable furniture, clean elegant bathrooms, great service.  
Lots of interesting choices on the menu including, of course, a Sazerac.  I had my first "Corpse Revivor" recently which I can strongly recommend.  
The Sazerac is not a cheap date.  If you are planning to roll in and pound a few shots, probably not a good value.  If you are there for the experience of sharing a drink with friends, it feels like entertainment dollars well spent.
I will be back.My friend has the 1840 sazerac, another had the yummy basil julep, and I had the fantastic prickly pear! Great athosphere, beautiful murals, and charismatic serversEh. I'm more a beer and wine kind of girl, not really a fan of hard liquor. Friends wanted to try this place as this is supposed to be where the Sazerac originated, so I tagged along. Their drinks are all really pricey, which I think they are able to get away with by giving them fancy names. I don't know if it was because I was sober, but I just perceived this place as trying to be really classy and upscale, but looking more like a little girl trying on her mom's shoes. It just didn't really impress me.Posh and classy; good escape from the Nawlins heat. Bar is dark; bartenders dressed to serve.Was hoping for a 4/5 star experience but ended up dissapointed and only ordered 1 round. Dont get me wrong our drinks were perfect. Brother and I ordered the sazerac and a french 75 which were both great. The service, however, was awful. While in our late twenties we were the youngest there. Bartender took our order then ignored us. So much so we had to flag him down, in am empty bar, to get our check. We noticed the older patrons being catered to while we were ignored. Maybe I'll come back in 20 years.Was there visiting two weeks ago.  Drinks ok.  Service terrible.  Bartender literally told us "don't have time for you" when we were trying to cash out.  Cool dude.  Thanks. You're a d1ck.  seventeen thumbs down.On a Saturday night at 9pm, this place was packed! It came from a recommendation from an employee at the Moxy Hotel to try the sazerac drink!  It was smooth, it gave me a buzz quickly and worth every penny of the $16!  Definitely an acquired taste after the initial price shock....but worth it!
Cool place!  There was a convention there so many attendees wearing their name badges.  Lol.Came in last night at about 10:30 to end the night. Sazerac was busy so we went in to the fountain lounge side. I had a sazerac and my wife had a glass of wine. It was good, the saz was just a little sweet and the bartender didn't measure.Everything about the Sazerac Lounge is first-class!  The ambiance is second-to-none, in a classy, 50's kind of way.  The service is amazing.  They make the best old-fashioned to ever hit your lips.  
This is, and likely always will be, my favorite bar in the city!  Not inexpensive, but you get what you pay for.This is for the bar only...
This palace of posh pretentiousness serves its community quite well. The poseurs and suspect well-heeled can stop by, backdoor bragging about invite-only crawfish boils and society galas. Us round-heeled gals can actually order a drink and enjoy!
The staff is very accommodating and patient with newbies with cocktail menus. Yes, it's expensive, but it's located in one of the most expensive hotels in the city. So, drink up! Today may be your last - let someone else worry about the credit card bill!Old school class. If New Orleans was summed up in one place, it would be the Sazerac Bar. 
Handsome, skilled bartenders in sharp white coats, gilded ornamental details, bright Spanish-style art pieces, perfectly hand-crafted cocktails, cavernous tiled foyer-esque room. 
Shout out to Tim and Matt - fantastic professionals. Thank you for the wonderful time!!This is a wonderful spot for a cocktail or two...or more. It's located in the refined Roosevelt Hotel. The room is rather spacious and has inviting low lights.
I sat at the bar and chatted with the bartender and fellow patrons. Everyone was more than satisfied with their drinks. Seeing that it is the Sazerac Bar & it was my first time to the city, I had to have a Sazerac. It was smooth & delicious. That was followed by a recommended drink from the bartender. This drink had tequila, absinthe and creme de cacao. I like it even more than the Sazerac. They also have a nice selection of whisky and bourbon. (I noticed the pappy van winkle bottle).
I appreciate that the drinks come with complimentary snacks: popcorn, chips and some wasabi nut mixture. 
I would recommend stopping by here. Just be aware that the drinks are on the pricier side - $16 and upwards for a cocktail, which is the average price at other cocktail bars of these likes.I'm very much into cocktail history so of course I had to go to the place where the Sazerac was invented and have one.  I've had Sazerac before, but the ones at Sazerac Bar were very well balanced and smooth to drink.  The husband had a Ramos Gin Fizz which was equally as delightful.  
The drinks are a bit pricey, but the atmosphere is great.  The bar will take you back to the 1920's / 1930's with it's old world charm.Not sure what I can add that others haven't said, but I will say this: if you like Sazeracs, you should come here to see how they're properly made. I was impressed by the drink list, but it seems most folks passing through get a Ramos Gin Fizz or a Sazerac. That's not a bad thing: I'm not sure there's a better place to enjoy either of these drinks. Great ambience, perfectly attentive servers, and it's next to a John Besh restaurant. Not much more you can ask for.Forget Bloody Mary's, say goodbye to mimosas...the new hair of the dog cocktail for me...drumroll please...Ramos Gin Fizz...made at this bar, sipped while in a dim room in a comfy chair.  Can I get an AMEN ?!?!?!?This is an interesting place. It feels stuck in the 50's with the decor, bartenders and the paintings on the walls. Somehow the clientele also looks like as if they come from the same age. I guess its conscious effort on their part! Try the Sazerac at the bar if you're there.The Sazerac was very good, the southern gentleman is better! It wasn't a great environment. Kind of stuffy and dark. One of my friends drink was messed up and the couches were significantly lower than the chairs that were  set around the tables with them. It made for awkward conversation.A consummate hotel bar/lounge, there are plenty of places to sit and mingle on couches as well as a huge bar if you prefer to sit and talk with the bartenders.  They can make anything you want.
I didn't try any food options here but as there is no smoking in the bar it is definitely a place I would come back to with friends.Five stars for the elegant space and great cocktails once we got them. The room was packed, yet there were only two bartenders. It took almost 30 minutes to order and receive our drinks!  They were great, but quite worth the wait.As guests at this establishment we were treated incredibly poorly by the bartender, Andy at this bar. He rolled his eyes at us when we asked for a glass and told our group who was laughing and having a good time at the bar with other patrons that it was an upscale establishment and we needed to get it together. 
As a frequent traveler who stays at Waldorf Astoria establishments often after my experience by this member of the hotel staff I will seriously rethink any time I stay at these hotels in the future.
Not to mention as a bartender, his old fashioned was incredibly sweet and undrinkable therefore perhaps instead of judging and berating his guests (who tipped him well) he should focus more on making proper drinks.Great spot to check out at least once while in New Orleans! Decided to go to this iconic bar to grab a few cocktails on a Friday night. All seats were full when we walked in, but after standing for a few minutes two nice couples offered extra seats at their tables for us. We are from Boston, and commented on how at home no one would ever invite you to sit at their table.
Drinks are pricey, but well-made and delicious. I tried the Ramos Gin Fizz and the Hurricane. My boyfriend had the Southern Gentleman and a Manhattan. As I said before, the drinks are well-made and tasty, but this is a spot to go for the experience. I can't help but think we could find delicious cocktails of a similar quality or better for less money at other spots. But the ambience and the great company we had made it a five-star experience.Great place to have a classic cocktail.  The bar is elegant and the service good.  Try the Sazerac cocktail since ya kinda have to, you won't be disappointed.  A nice escape from the elegance that is Bourbon Street.A great place to get a real drink! The bartenders here make cocktails, they don't sling drinks. The attention to detail when making their cocktails is what impressed me most. A previous review mentioned how she thought the service was bad because they didn't come around often to see if she was ok. This isn't that kind of place. The folks here allow you to enjoy your drink without hovering over you to order another. If you want to sit, relax and nurse your cocktail, they allow you to do that. If you want something, it seems like common sense to ask for it. If you don't ask, don't be upset when you don't get anything. This isn't a place to get hammered. It's a place to enjoy a handmade drink. If you don't like it, there are plenty of other places to drink. The bartenders here are great and enjoy having good conversations. Andrija is great, but you can't go wrong with Edward or Andrew either. They're all great! It's cool to watch them work and notice how each of them prepares the same drink. The ingredients are the same but their styles are different. Once again, the attention to detail is the key to their cocktails. I came here a couple of times during my trip, and I will be back the next time I'm in town.This is a fantastic lounge in the beautiful and historic The Roosevelt hotel. The drinks are out of this world. A little pricey and little slow on the service.Love this bar because it's classic fancy New Orleans. The history of the place is fascinating, the murals are stunning, and the cocktails were perfectly crafted.Walk over here to check out the Roosevelt's lobby, but walk right by the Sazerac Bar when you're inside. 
Aloof and impersonal bartenders taking orders and delivering drinks without a hint of a smile just doesn't do it for me. Maybe that's your thing but be forewarned that their eponymous drink will get you about a finger and a half in the glass and $15 out of your piggy bank. The drink is good, and that's what kept this from being a 1 star rating, but we got the same drink for $7 shortly after at the Upper Quarter and it was every bit as good. 
The Roosevelt is not to be missed. That is not the case with Sazerac.We came here on Friday night and found seats on the couch right away. 
The bartenders do not come to you, you have to order at the bar. 
We ordered: 
Sazerac
Ramos gin fizz - tastes like a sherbet float!
Negroni
Coffee 
So glad we were able to visit this historic bar! 
Note: the bar is inside the Roosevelt hotelGreat stop on our cocktail tour. We had a Sazerac and a Ramos Fizz during our visit. Well made and delicious drinks in a beautiful setting.Lovely bar. Good bartenders.
I didn't personally enjoy the Sazerac cocktail, but no biggie. I'll still go back.I didn't spend a whole lot of time at Sazerac, but I came here after a lovely dinner at Domenica for a drink.
They have an extensive cocktail menu sitting on the bar. I was tempted to try the Pumpkin Spice, but a little aprehensive and went with the Prickly Pear. Very tart, and very delicious... oh, and very pink. All of the cocktails are obviously made with love.
I thoroughly enjoyed the bartenders making the signature Sazerac, even though I didn't have one since I really don't like it.... but that's just me.
It's a little bit fancy pants, but totally worth a drink or two for the experience.Unfortunately, the head bartender here ruined what is otherwise a very nice bar.  He has the attitude of a royal prick for someone who, at the end of the day, serves drinks.  A "bad" or "off" day is no excuse for the way he treated his customers.
Also, there are bugs in the ice they serve with their drinks.  But Le'Asshole could not care less about that.
We will not be visiting this location again.
Edit: Before we left, the manger, Anne approached us and apologized for the service, and told us that his attitude was not acceptable.  We thank you Anne, for at least restoring our faith in the Waldorf Astoria.Coming here is like stepping back in time.  The dark wood and the glass feel you're getting a drink at The Overlook Hotel from The Shining.  Service was good and drinks were delicious.Sazerac is 14 bucks.  If you've never had one, it tasted kinda like a Manhattan to me.  All you'll taste purdy much is the rye whiskey.
Also had a Ramos Gin Fizz.  Awesome.  Very citrusy.  15 bones.   Watch the 'tender make it.  Pretty cool.  Would get one again.
If you plan on drinking here for hours, bring some phat stacks of cash.  No 2 dollar brews here.  I don't think they even have happy hour prices/specials.  They don't need to.
Don't worry too much about your attire...I mean, leave your NASCAR leather jacket at home  (Yee haw Jeff Gordon fans), but don't worry if you're wearing shorts and a tee.  Lots of people wearing them in there.  Money is green...they'll gladly take yours, pretty much no matter what you're rockin'.Apparently, this place is famous.  The bartenders do an amazing job, and the drinks are very well crafted.  The Sazerac drink is pretty good, but to be honest, it's only one notch above a Manhattan.  But I do have to admit, the Peychaud's bitters is a very nice touch.
Atmosphere: Definitely, for the mature 30's-40's.  This would be the go-to spot, if you're on business.  I get the impression that powerful men and women frequent here, and it would be a great place to go for all you rising stars.Visited for a cocktail while in town for a conference and to see the sights. It did not disappoint! Amazing, old-world ambiance and great drinks and service. Conveniently located down the hall from Domenica.Great ambiance and even better sazerac! The drinks are pricy but knowing it will be one of the best cocktails in NOLA, I think the price is worth it.I'm a huge fan of cocktails, cocktail history, and classic cocktails (yes I read books about cocktails for fun) so I set up for myself and some friends a bit of a classic cocktail tour while we were in town. So obviously we went here to try a sazerac from the birthplace of a sazerac. 
Very surprisingly, none of the drinks here were good. And I mean not good as in not balanced and difficult to drink, so much so it was obvious that the bartenders don't know the exact specs of their drinks. We also ordered an old fashioned- my favorite- but I shuddered after first sip. Way too sweet, could barely drink it, simply not good. Forgivable for a neighborhood bar to give an old fashioned with a vibrant almost orange color that looks like it could have been mixed with one of those toxic cherries. But not forgivable for the price and the location. Seems like this bar may just be a tourist trap. At least the place is nice and now I can say I had a Sazerac at the SazeracSo I have been holding out for a very long time on ordering a Sazerac anywhere until I had a chance to go sit down and have it the correct way, at the Sazerac Bar. Can't go wrong with the drink that the bar is named for right? I was not disappointed. It came out chilled and perfectly mellow and refreshing. Sweet nectar on my parched lips. I should also provide some background to this experience. My close friends Matt and Danielle Tolentino had been visiting at my home from Dallas. Danielle is a graphic designer and a damn good 1920's style dancer (think of her as an extra in the silent film "Our Dancing Daughters") and Matt leads a 1920's/30's revival jazz band called the Singapore Slingers. So of course we're in seersucker and wearing our boaters and Danielle is in actual 1920's vintage dress and cloche. It was only fitting to have our nightcap at the Sazerac. The crowd in the bar was random and a really dumb guy who seemed completely lost wandered in and plopped down next to me and said "Wha's this place called again? The Say-zir-ACK?" Fortunately, he swilled whatever he had ordered and left. The decor is exceptional Art Deco and the murals by Paul Ninas are not to be missed. Also on the back bar is a silver water pitcher that was a prize winner at the nineteenth century Cotton Centennial and Exposition that was held where Audubon Park stands today. On the other side of the bar is a large nineteenth century Ascot Prize cup, a true beauty to behold. The bartenders were perfect- handsome, friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. It sort of felt like an ocean liner or the scene from "The Shining" where Jack Nicholson slips back in time to have a drink with the ghost bartender at the Overlook Hotel. If the crowd hadn't been so gauche, it would have been a perfect time machine.This is the place where the first cocktail was born. Beautiful hotel houses this bar. Their signature drink is the Sazerac must try! I had the Caipirinha made to perfection. This bar is a must visit when in NOLA.Phenomenal bar. Amazing ambience and the cocktails are well made by knowledge bartenders. This classic art-deco bar is a must-see in New Orleans for true cocktail lovers.I've had sazerac all over the country, and I can say this was the best I've ever tried.   Don't be fooled by the imitator next door, come inside the hotel and have the real deal.   While grossly overpriced, the drink is worth a visit.Amazing drinks, really great service!
We've been getting into cocktails and have been doing a lot of experimentation at home. Chief among the drinks was the vieux carre, which drew us to Sazerac. Though, I have to admit, once we saw the menu, we decided that we needed to go with a couple of their house specialties, and they did not disappoint.
Is it a bit pricey, definitely. But, if you want just one good drink instead of several ok-ish ones, this is a good bet.You can't go wrong with any of the fine cocktails here, but when at the Sazerac Bar, be sure to order the namesake drink.  Boy do I love me a good Sazerac and you might possibly find the best one here.  The decor and ambiance of the old bar located within the Roosevelt Hotel will only enhance your Sazerac experience.  
I've been here a couple of times always in December around Christmas time.  As I'm sure you know, the Roosevelt Hotel has a quite famous holiday lights display in their lobby that draws in many tourists.  It is a gorgeous sight.  That being said, the bar gets pretty crowded during this time and although you might wait a few minutes to get your order in, it never feels that way.  I am always preoccupied just looking around the beautiful bar or watching the handful of mixologists artfully create masterpiece after masterpiece.  All while keeping order of who is next.
The drinks are stiff here so the turnover is quick.  After a few, people seem to proceed to whatever else they have planned and seats open up.  When here, just go with the ebb and flow of this New Orleans institution and enjoy yourself.We had a business lunch there with a client.  The lobster roll-Iike sliders that I had were decent but nothing to write home about.  It seemed that others thought the food was decent as well.  Service was fine.  The place looks more like a diner inside than a restaurant- not at all what I was expecting in terms of ambiance.Everyone must try the Sazerac - it is the original cocktail according to legend. Not that it is necessarily the most tasty in my opinion, but it was apropos to enjoy the namesake beverage. Great place for a drink after work with colleagues, a beverage before heading off for dinner with a spouse/partner, or someplace to sit and enjoy beautiful art deco decor. Try the truffled potato chips on the snack tray - really tasty. But don't come hungry because they didn't serve food beyond the bar snacks.The bar side is a high end cocktail bar in a high end hotel - they make a good Sazerac and Ramos Gin Fizz and you can drink it in a refined environment which normally isn't overly crowded like a lot of places.  It's expensive, but it's worth a visit.  It's not my everyday bar and it's not a trendy or "hipster" crowd but it's a nice change of pace - and it's a good option for a drink if you're staying at the Roosevelt Hotel or maybe you're at the Roosevelt to eat at Domenica anyhow.
As for the Sazerac Restaurant I have no plans to ever eat there - the space just looks old-fashioned and uninteresting and the crowd largely seems to match.  I have no interest in wasting an extremely high priced meal here but the bar is a true original and definitely worth sipping on 1 or 2 drinks.This place gets 5 stars because of high quality of the cocktails, while the scenery, ambiance and service are all fantastic as well. The do all the classic cocktails, insanely well.  I can say the The Sazerac, Old Fashioned, Ramos Gin Gizz off their consistent "Classic Cocktails" menu are all very strong.  Sazerac's also offers and additional rotating menu, one drink I had was the Southern Gentlemen.  It was amazing.  However, if you're in NOLA during a high travel time, seating at Sazerac can be hard to find and it becomes a standing room only type bar, which really takes away from the whole experience.  Try and go there when it's nice and quite.  And as great as the cocktails are, the prices definitely reflect their quality of craft.
I'm a fan of Sazerac.Very elegant bar in the Roosevelt Hotel.    This is classic cocktail making at it's finest.    Dress up, order a Sazerac or Ramos Gin Fizz and escape to an earlier time.   Very refined, great service.What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said?  The decor and ambience is off the chart.  There are places that are straight up classy without even trying.  Sazerac is one of these places.  Grab a sazerac or french 75, sit back, and soak it all in.  They don't make places like this anymore.  Enjoy!Quentissential New Orleans - dark, cool, comfortable. Love this place because I  saw the saints win the Super Bowl while here. Good memories. Beautiful bar.I mean, it's the Sazerac Bar. It's an institution. Huey Long used to hang out there. The last time I went was on New Year's Eve and Sugar Bowl fans were everywhere, so obviously it was very crowded and service was slow, but it's a lovely space in an even more beautiful hotel, and the drinks are tasty albeit very expensive.I stopped by here a couple of times when it re-opened in 2009 and had me a few real proper cocktails,  a rather drastic departures from the hand grenades and hurricanes available a few blocks away.  I most recently stopped by here twice during my honeymoon week as it was imperative for us to consume and drink as many delicious things as possible.  Also, this was within close walking distance from our hotel, which was rad because I hate parking in NOLA. 
As one would expect from its name, this is very much a classy and sophisticated sort of bar.  I almost hesitated walking in with my unmade up, post six hour drive face and hair, but my reluctance was assuaged by the presence of man-bunned hipster cargo-dressed patrons at the bar.  Despite it being around 11 p.m. Sunday night, the place was packed to the gills.  We speculated that this gathering likely resulted from a organizational event earlier on in the evening or most these patrons were just simply attorneys.  Whatever the reason and origins, it was actually quite lively, but in a respectable it's-Sunday-we-can't-get-too-rowdy-because-tomorrow-is-Monday kind of way.  
The bartenders/mixologist (I don't know the the preferred terminology here) do a fantastic job mixing up the cocktails.  I seem to recall the specialty cocktail less being more extensive in 2009, but perhaps they've narrowed it down to some tried and trues?  Sacrilegiously, neither one of us ordered an actual Sazerac from this bar, but he did proclaim the Old-Fashioned (he's been somewhat addicted to them for the last few months) as one the best he's ever had in his life, definitely the best he had throughout our week stay in NOLA.  I don't quite recall precisely what I ordered either time, as usual, but the drinks likely consisted of sparkling wine of some sort and I was pleased with both.I just don't get the hype about this place. I it's a pretty cool space, lounge style,  reminds you of something you would find in the early 1900s. 
I of course ordered a sazarec...and it was honestly just okay.  Since this is the name of the bar, I was expecting to get my socks knocked off, but then again I am a bit of a bourbon/whiskey snob. 
The bartenders were very nice, and they seemed knowledgeable about the menu. Something to keep in mind there is no food at the bar, but they do have a little snack tray they will bring out if you ask.A very upscale place and very good cocktails. A nice upgrade from the Bourbon Street scene.  I would definitely recommend for a classic and classy 1930's experience.I came here for the original Sazerac and ended up ordering bunch more drinks over two nights of stay. 
The bartender's effort to make each drink here is like nowhere else. Every order the bartenders inspected the glass to made sure that we've got a spot free ones, and each drink was made with precise coordination.
I ended up trying Gin Fizz. French 75, and Clover Club. The gin fizz turned out to be my favorite.
All of these one star reviews says that it was hard to get the service but I had no problem getting my drinks. You approach the bar, make your presence known, and ask for what you want. Just like any other bar. I would come back here again.Tried the sazerac and Ramos gin fizz. Bartender was fabulous at making both and very professionalNice bar and pricey I had great service from Benjamin who made a great drink. Ron Zacapa daiquiri specially made to my liking. The whole experience was ruined by the bartender Andy who was sarcastic and annoyed at me for asking for a sugar packet for my espresso. He made the espresso....accomplished all the hard work....all he had to do was give me a sugar packet and it would have been fine. But he told me "this isn't  a Starbucks I don't have frickin little things like that." Most aggravated bartender I've ever met in New Orleans.sazeracs and gin fizz both were excellent! Old fashions had a cool twist and worth a try too. Cool bar, not too crowded.Stopped into this famous bar for a craft cocktail on our visit with friends to NOLA.  The Roosevelt Hotel Lobby alone was worth the walk (BEAUTIFUL at Christmas time).
Unfortunately I was disappointed with the Sazerac Bar itself.  First of all lets talk about the seating.  Clearly it's a popular place and no seats to be had anywhere, nor any control over the situation....so you can wait patiently for a guest or group to leave only the be line jumped by someone who just walked in.
I ordered the one of their Christmas cocktails (forgot the name), same as my friend.  We each had different bar tenders.   Mine came out completely different.  Tried to get the bartenders attention to ask but he just ignored me.  Not sure if it was the noise or how busy they were.
I'm afraid for a $15.00 drink that's supposed to be craft prepared with pride, I was less than pleased.
I left disappointed in my visit to the Sazerac.The Waldorf-Astoria of New Orleans. Located in the famous Roosevelt Hotel, home of the famous Blue Room where almost every legend performed at some point during their career, the Sazerac bar exudes charm in every inch of the wood paneled interior.
Think opulence in every step. Beautiful dark wood interior (not your CEO's library, much better), staff who take service to a whole different level, and cocktails made with artistic precision. This is what a "real" bar is supposed to be.
Started with the quintessential Sazerac, the first cocktail invented in America at this very own bar. It is not a cocktail for everyone, some might find it overly bitter. I personally think it is an excellent  palate cleanser, just perfect before a typical Cajun/ Creole meal. It cleanses your palate, ignites your taste buds, and helps you appreciate the numerous flavors that make Cajun/ Creole cuisine delectable. 
I then moved on to the another New Orleans invention - Ramos Gin Fizz. Governor Long's favorite drink, it's allure lies in the egg whites beaten till they create a frothy top on the drink. Another original American invention. Like the Sazerac, I find the Ramos Gin Fizz to be an acquired taste as well. Not many people prefer frothy egg whites in their drink, but it makes for an excellent cocktail.
My colleagues ordered the Rose - gin, muddled cucumber, basil, soda, and a dash of rose water. Perfect summer drink. The flavor of rose water did not overpower the rest of the ingredients. Impressive, since rose has a tendency to dominate the flavor wherever it is added.
Come to the Sazerac, imbibe a few marvelous cocktails, get a feel of history, and pretend you are governor Huey Long. Just don't get embroiled in scandals like he did :)
A perfect spot for a drink before or after dinner.Gorgeous hotel and bar, with beautiful murals from the 20's-30's era.  The bar tenders were friendly and it was a nice, low key place to get a drink and wind down after a long day.  All of the cocktails we tried were good, but I was especially a fan of the grasshopper!Come in here and you'll be transplanted yo what seems like 1930s NYC which was interesting.  The decor is unique and fun to take in.
Of course the Sazerac is the go to drink to get here.  For the less experienced drinkers, it tastes a lot like an old fashioned to me.  Give it a try!We really liked this bar. The waiters are so nice and the drinks were amazing! I had the grasshopper and it was yummy (if you like mint). The atmosphere was great as well. No music though ..If you enjoy being insulted by rude young bartenders, do not miss the Sezarac Bar.
Visited at 2pm on Wednesday April 12th.  We sat down in the seating area and waited 20 minutes for one of the 2 bartenders(8 patrons at the bar) to come and take our order.  One finally walked over and told us that they did not serve the seating area and Imust come to the bar and order and then transport my own drink.  He was RUDE and assumed I should know that intuitively!  The Ritz Carlton bar was great and the sezarac drink was awesome!
The ONLY bad experience ever in new orleansThis is a review of the bar.
The Roosevelt is a GRAND HOTEL but the bar is just WAY TOO SMALL for such a large hotel. 
C'mon. 
Seriously?Snazzy place that throws you back in time! Really my favorite thing here is stopping by late at night for a Chocolate Martini before going home. Absolutely the best desert-drink!!!!Bryson is amazing. He recommended the Corpse Revivor #2. Very unique and awesome! Bryson will make your evening special!! I recommend this place for a nightcap any time!You must, I mean *must* try the signature drink "the Sazerac". Ask for Tom. He's going to tell you about some cool history of the hotel and he makes a killer drink!Everyone once in their life needs to experience this bar. It is a thing of beauty and a throw back to a different era of 40's and 50's. The have cocktails on the menu like the Pink Squirrel and The Grasshopper.  I tried the Sazerac which this bar invented. I also had a sip of my friend's Slow Gin Fizz which was unusual texture but I liked it but my friend did not. I think it was the egg whites. If you want to experience class and style stop by this institution for one drink.Another historic New Orleans destination. Famous for the Sazerac drink in the aptly names bar at The historic Roosevelt.I'm shocked by the anti-southern hospitality here. I was celebrating a friends 30th birthday in speakeasy attire & the bartender grabbed the piece of cake out of their mouth!! I have never seen such a strange occurrence. He was never told you cannot eat in the bar & it was extremely rude. Only come here if you want staff that can't communicate politely & want to be treated like an animal.I had been craving a Ramos Gin Fizz for a while, and this was the best I've ever had.  Like drinking a key lime pie.This lounge can only be 5 Star. It drips with old world ambiance and charm. I will always drink a Sazerac in the Sazerac when I'm in NOLA.Our first night in NOLA, we stumbled upon the Sazerac Bar in the Roosevelt Hotel.   Because we were Hilton members, the hotel gave us two drink vouchers which we immediately took to the bar.   The vouchers were worth $14 each and that about covered 1 sazerac each.    The bartenders are knowledgeable and they made some awesome drinks.  We ended up staying at that bar enjoying several Bourbon Bulleits and Mint Juleps.    There is some secret to the strength of their drinks because we could not believe the end of our night!We rolled into this fancy art deco style bar in the lobby of the Roosevelt Hotel with a group of 20 and ordered 20 Sazeracs. The bartender never wavered, never panicked, near seem flustered, and just made a huge batch of Sazeracs, TWICE. I can't remember his name, it was a long day of drinking...
The place had a corner with couches which our group took over to enjoy our cocktail, which, by the way was spectacular!
This i definitely a must do while in NoLa!
BTW, Most impressive bathrooms!You want swank, you want style, you want class, you want a timeless luxury, and you want to enjoy it alway drinking a Ramos Gin Fizz from the very place where Huey P. Long would order them. You want to come to the Sazerac Bar. 
When you spend an evening in this bar, time does not pass, and you have no clue what year it is outside. is it 2011? 1930? some where in between? heck, it could be 2130 and you wouldn't know. Or care.
It's also the perfect place to lean up against the bar for a stiff cocktail on the way out of work on a Friday afternoon. I certainly can think of no better way grease the gears of the rusty weekend after not having used it all week.Classy place, great vintage bar. The 1800 Manhattan was complex, smooth an definitely worth repeating. The Prickly Pear was light, refreshing and delicious!Nice swanky sexy old-school lounge. Great cocktails - trust your bartender!
Enjoy the opportunity to watch a couple making out (aggressively!) on the couch across the room.
Dress up a bit (because you'll have more fun that way), bring a sexy date, relax, pretend you're in a classic movie, and enjoy the scene.
You won't go wrong.Really classy bar with awesome bar tenders.
A must experience when in New Orleans and be sure to order their "sazerac" drink. Our bar tender showed us how he made this old traditional drink ($16).This is such a classy bar. It feels like you are stepping back into the 50-60's. They make the best Old Fashions, but ask them to make them with Makers Mark instead of Buffalo Trace. They used to be made with Makers but have recently changed.I had to try the Sazerac so as a tourist in New Orleans,  I needed to hit up the source.  My husband had a Ramos Gin Fizz. The bartender wowed us both with what was easily the tallest pour either of us had ever seen! The drink was very nice but at $15, one was enough. My Sazerac was $14 .  I'm on vacation, so what the heck? 
Art deco vibe inside was definitely retro cool.  It was a fun time even though it was outside my usual budget. A definite difference from Bourbon Street.  The Roosevelt hotel lobby is gorgeous and the hotel itself seems like a posh spot to rest your head.This is a must in New Orleans.  Whether you are here on business, pleasure, with a group or solo, this place is historic and the Roosevelt hotel is stunning.
Walk in to this old establishment and grab a seat at the bar.  You can also grab one of the few tables along the wall.
The bartenders are fantastic.  They will chat you up, or leave you alone...up to you.  Most importantly they make a mean drink.  A Sazerac will cost you $14...yeah, I know.  Steep for NOLA, but what are you gonna do?  One is all you need really...Sit back and people watch, sip your Sazerac and enjoy the ambiance.Take the great ratings with a grain of salt. I heard management let go half of long-time bar staff today. Go to see the Christmas lights. Good luck with getting a drink.If you like a good old fashioned, you're gonna love a sazerac. And what better place to get one than the bar that invented the madness. The bar itself is nice enough, but if you go at christmas, take advantage of NOLAs lax drink laws and enjoy yours under the beautiful canopy of white lights in the lobby.Pretty terrible. We were so looking forward to going since they are known for sazeracs and Ramos gin fizz so we got them, but they really sucked. It was probably the biggest disappointment. If you have low expectations then it's fine.Great drinks,and atmosphere in the beautiful and historic Roosevelt Hotel.  They do a great job of modifying drinks to what you are looking for.  Highly recommend.Beautiful space, expertly crafted classics and palatable atmosphere.One of those old-school, "original"-type places which lives up to its reputation, without feeling too touristy.  The entrance is in the middle of the Roosevelt Hotel.  I'm sure it would be plenty fun on a busy night -- though it doesn't seem like the type of place that ever gets too crazy, that's a few blocks away if you're looking -- but my preference would be to come in on a quiet night, sit at the bar with a sazerac (duh), nosh on the mini snack bowls the friendly bartender deposits in front of you, and soak up the ambience for a while.  There are no TVs (this is not a spot to catch MNF).  Definitely worth a stop if you're in town.We had to try a Sazerac while staying at the Roosevelt!  Very classy bar with very classy drinks and great service.
This place was packed on a Sunday and Monday night! Great sign of a great bar!  I can't wait to go back!Excellent old fashioned and ambiance.  A bit over priced but it's in a hotel so expected. A must visit for any cocktail lover visiting NOLAThis place is so rich in history. Imagine a place that simply espouses cocktail 
history. For drink nerds and pilgrims this place is almost sacred. Both the Ramos gin fizz and it's namesake sazerac were created here along undoubtedly with others. 
The bar itself is beautiful and the bartenders are all uniformed in traditional white vests and are all so fraking cute (I mean who doesn't like a man in uniform 
ESPECIALLY when he's making you boozy drinks). I really enjoyed talking to the 
bartenders more than anything, they really knew their drink history which made for 
pleasant banter for the Biff and me. 
As for the drinks themselves, the Sazerac was really good, we also had a cranhattan, mojito and blue blazer which were all decent (not to mention the blue blazer was a treat to watch being made-- The Biff totally instagrammed it like the hipster he is). 
The ramos gin fizz was extremely disappointing. Tasted just fine, but lacked a 
frothiness seen in new-fangled interpretations. Apparently back in the day when 
shaking a Ramos, bartenders passed the cocktail shaker around the bar to achieve its signature frothy-creamsicleness. My cocktail was shaken by one person and literally fell flat. Bubbles gone in 5 minutes. It wasn't airy and light it was dense and 
eggy. I hope this was a fluke. 
The prices were standard fare for most cities say $9-12 a drink. Well worth it for a slice of history. 
I'd definitely drop by the hotel giftshop they have a ton of cocktail books and cocktail accouterments to pair with your newfound classic cocktail obsession.Swanky and fun! Lots of activity and great bartenders (making great drinks!) If I were a local I would make this a regular spot!