Portions were way too small and food too aberage for the price.  Though the space was amazing.  I just can't recommend it.My absolute FAVORITE restaurant in New Orleans.  I traveled to the city twice for work in a span of a month and stopped in each time.  I have sat at the oyster bar and a table, perfectly quaint each time.  The snapper was delish, the service was fast and the atmosphere was lovely.
I was there during the winter so I didn't get a chance to sit on the patio but I did take a peek out there and it looked idyllic.Review for oysters and cocktails. Both were great. Good selection of oysters east/west coast and gulf. Will definitely be back again soon.I loved the atmosphere of this place, it is very laid back! The drinks were great, staff was very friendly and the food was really good. Plates are small but have a fair price, the only thing that was kind of pricey were the oysters. highly recommend the ceviche and pork belly!Forget it!  We had reservations and were promptly ignored upon arrival. I'm not sure if the hostess spoke English since she hardly acknowledged our presence. After waiting 30 minutes by the hostess stand we left when a couple arrived with no reservation and were told that their table was being prepared. This is New Orleans. Too many great restaurants with great service to tolerate such horrible disrespect.Deeeeelicious fish. Perfectly cooked, delicate sauce. Yummy cocktails. Everything was gluten-free friendly and the server was helpful in recommending food for the celiac, and super sweet in general. Would definitely come back!Omg. Do not get seafood except a few oysters. 3 from Louisiana and 3 from east coast. Pork belly and burgers are amazing. Go for happy hour. A Sazerac with Absinthe on the side: OMG!  The decor is REAL. Not hipster!  Keep the secret. Great!Stumbled upon this lovely place. I was just up for some drinks and man did they have good drinks! Staff are super friendly and ambience is nice. Highly recomended.One of the best meals I have had in a while.  Good, service, atmosphere was all on point!!!
Check out this little jewel in the CBD!!!Seaworthy was a generally positive experience for my dinner party. First, the drinks really fell short. The combinations offered were novel and I wasn't sure I would like them. The others in the group wanted to try the concoctions featured. When asked for a test or if we didn't like would we be able change the order, we were told no they couldn't take it back. We'd need to purchase the alternative. So I switched standard drink. Others ordered what they thought was what was pictured on the website or sounded good. Everyone found the drinks not good at all. Several teaspoonful of simple syrup and they were drinkable. Drinks were a one in my book.  However the appetizer made up for the drinks. All were excellent. They were fresh and not overly seasoned. The grouper was my choice of main course and it was excellent.  The desserts are limited but I enjoyed my expresso flavored brûlée. It was about 50-50 on liking the desserts. Service was slow. Waitress was over worked and very quiet. She was slow to offer suggestions. However she had many tables. It's a historical venue and we loved it. The atmosphere was nice but I'd suggest you ask to sit upstairs. We initially were sit downstairs in the bar. The table was too small and noises. We asked to move and it wasn't busy so we enjoyed the evening much more. Food is great! I'd go back but I won't be drinking.Spectacular. Great space, great staff, amazing food. Everything was done to perfection. Maybe the best fried oysters ever. Just amazing.Excellent menu, both for food and cocktails, bartender was attentive and quick...oysters were very tasty-ceviche as well. Decor was cool and vibe inside was comfortable.  Will definitely come back.Delicious food, yummy cocktails, great staff, flexible with last minute walk ins. Definitely recommend!
My husband and I went to get a late (about 11pm), last minute dinner here last night. Cocktails were so good and so was the food. We shared 4 appetizers (pork belly, fried oysters, blue crab, and lemon fish) and we more than satisfied! I really think it's in my top 3 fried oysters in the whole city.Best Oysters in the City! Without a doubt. East, West, and Gulf Coast. 2-3 varieties of each nightly. All fresh, unique and skillfully shucked. Staff is excellent! Thank you GM Lisa. My boyfriend is from the east coast, I'm from the west and we both live in New Orleans. They source locally and get the tri-coastal's finest. We come here to fight over the best and everyone wins!! Seaworthy.. you are a gem.Restaurant so nice we ate their twice.....in the 5 days we were in New Orleans. Wife and I stayed at the Ace hotel just a few doors down and I sure am glad we popped in the first night we arrived to the city. We had a few of each of the gulf oysters to start. My wife had 2 great cocktails. One was strawberry themed and the other came out with a shot on fire she had to blow out and then pour into her drink and stir. She loved both. I had a local beer that I enjoyed. For dinner my wife enjoyed her crab and shrimp roll and I got the blue crab small plate. It was great. 
We then took another couple and friend for dinner a few nights later. I had a nice glass of wine the Texeira. It went well with my clam linguine. We started again with oysters. The horseradish is wonderful. 
The 2nd visit was slightly ruined by a large group who were seated next to us that were the loudest party I had ever heard in a restaurant. I would suggest sitting in the bar area on the first floor if you can as it was always calm and seemed to have less patrons in it than the 2nd floor area. 
The service the 2nd time wasn't quite as good either but it didn't ruin the experience for us. I would come back and sit in the bar again for sure.They make a real good cocktail and the oysters are served nicely. Wish they had gator on the menuGreat meal here our first night in town. Quiet romantic upstairs, lively bar at street level. The staff is great very knowledgeable and happy to engage and talk about their favorites!  
We had a delicious meal including gulf oysters, ceviche, dirty rice and littleneck clams. It was all really good and totally worth it. 
Definitely helps that we were staying at the Ace; pretty much next door so not a huge amount of work for us but also not "tourist bait" either. Really enjoyable spot.Oysters are SO top notch. Tuna was also so good. My group was big, so we all ordered a diverse selection on the menu. Everything seemed to satisfy everyone.The important stuff first! Amazing oyster collection so dang yummy!! To die for Blue Crab claws in Corn Relish, rice jambalaya and The blue crab dish so flavorful!! Atmosphere very cool!!! Staff so friendly and fun!! Great Local Spot!This patio, y'all!! Legit! Larree, my server, took such good care of me and gave me his super special crab stuffed squash blossom appy! Come here, enjoy the food, the oysters the drinks! Amazing!My boyfriend and I wanted to have a date night in New Orleans. We found Seaworthy on an eater NOLA list and made a reservation.
No idea about parking, as we took a Lyft, but we had a great time. We sat on the back patio, which is rustic and has pretty string lights. It was quiet and the service was good. 
We ordered the chef sampler of oysters, per our waitress' suggestion- we got a dozen, 2 of each kind, and they were all delicious. They serve the oysters with cocktail sauce and vinegars on the side. 
We got the Amberjack Rillette, which was like a pâté with a baguette. It was so good.
For our main, we got the Black Drum, on the recommendation of our server, and I'm so glad we did. The grits were delicious, and the fish was buttery, with the wilted greens a lovely touch. 
We ordered drinks as well- I don't remember their names, but my boyfriend had a bourbon drink and I had a rum one. Both good, but strong. 
If we weren't in a rush we would have tried the creme brûlée for dessert.Great service from larree, friendly and welcoming atmosphere. Awesome late night specials for drinks. Food was mediocre. Had gulf coast oysters, a little "watery" for my taste but overall a good choice. The crab appetizer was just okay, and Brussels were very good. Crawfish sandwich was also decent. Overall, good to get away from the bustle of CBD and bourbon, hipster and relaxed feel.
Service: 5/5
Atmosphere: 5/5
Food: 3.5-4/5The drinks at Seaworthy are remarkable!  This is the best Old Fashion that has ever touched my taste buds.  The oysters and entree's were outstanding!  The service was lovely and helpful.  Our recommendation to have a meal at Seaworthy can not be put into words.Perfection. Best silkiest butterfish of my life. Cocktails and oysters...point on point on point.This is not a review of the food because we didn't make it past the hostess. We arrived today (9/10/17) at 4:00 and waited about 5 minutes at the hostess station for someone to arrive. A young female appeared and coldly asked my husband, "Can I help you?" in the exact tone you'd get after knocking on a stranger's door. It took us aback and after a pause, he turned to me.  Equally dumbfounded, I replied, "We'd like to eat here. Do we need a reservation?" She barely looked at me and responded to my husband that right now they're only serving the raw menu and will re-open for dinner at 5:00. We asked her what was on the raw menu and she showed us a menu card. Her vibe was totally like we were trying to crash the cool kids' party. We looked at the raw menu and said that we'd come back at 5. After we walked out the door we agreed that we were not in any mood to deal with any more snark. The food looks amazing and it very well may be. But if the person you designate to greet your patrons is unfriendly, I patronize another establishment.Much better cocktails than Cochon. Their seafood was incredibly fresh. The cocktails were a culinary treat and not just strong booze shot with sugar in it (Cochon).   I wasn't disappointed in anything other than the lighting was really dark and I needed to use my iphone light.Good food and good service. Could make a meal out of appetizers. We'll be back. Everything we had, seafood and not the hamburger, were good.Great spot! Very tasty oysters . Drinks are very good and the New Hampshire bartender was excellent .
 Definitely try the soft shell crab .Great for a late dinner. Bartender is very friendly and the food is impeccable. Boyfriend and I ordered the Ceviche, black crab meat, and the burger. I recommend it all.I really enjoyed the food,the ambience and the drinks!! But the attention to clientele is lacking. I almost raised my hand to get someone's attention. The drinks are really extremely good tho and the food is too ...so if you don't mind waiting and waiting and waiting you will be fine I will be back but going to be very patient 
Try the sour betty and the swifty swizzle very good 
oh and the holy water!! Food: try the trout roe and the oysters are fantastic!! Would have ordered more but couldn't get anyone's attention!Love seaworthy.
Awesome happy hour, and great oysters on the half shell. 
Great drinks tooPompous,arrogant,and stuffy are 1st words that come to mind after visiting this restaurant.
The hostess (tall one,wearing a red dress Thursday night,March 16th) was disgusting. 
Obviously,not from here,was so rude, we walk out and will never return.I will definitely return to Seaworthy. The patio in the back is straight out of a travel magazine: lovely string lights, intimate European atmosphere... 
I was in a 4-person party, and we split several items. We got the oysters (amazing), fries (good), succotash (good), salad (delicious dressing), and the clam linguine (could have used a little something). As we requested, the food was all served as it was ready, so we enjoyed a casual, staggered meal. 
I enjoyed a glass of pinot noir from Austria, which was a little pricy for a by-the-glass but actually ended up being worth it. Didn't even know Austrian pinot noir was something I was missing from my life.  I recommend it if you're splurging anyway! 
The service was very friendly but a tiny bit on the rushed side. I know weekend nights are nuts, but  I appreciate when a server lingers a few extra seconds to help you decide between two things or explain a dish more instead of just giving more time to decide. Brings a little personality to the experience. 
All in all, great experience. The oysters they get from New England are some of the best I've ever had. Can't wait to return to that back patio when the weather gets cooler.Love the food and loved the service -- Larree is the BEST! Try the murder point oysters -- also, the drinks are to die for.There are literally thousands of restaurants in New Orleans that offer great meals with friendly service.  This is not one of them.  The meal was very good (even if the oysters were over priced - better values abound for them) however, this being a New York endeavor, it appears they hired wait staff with attitudes to match.  The place was one third full and it took them 30 minutes to deliver a salad, which came at the same time as the main dish, and worst of all delivered with a condescending smirk.  This is more than enough to ruin a good meal.  There are many better choices elsewhere with the friendly service you expect in such a competitive market.I won't go back ..that being said the food wasn't bad. The 6 of us felt ok about our food. One person got red snapper it was ok, nothing great but very good, medium to small portion size, the grouper was ok cooked ok, the small plates we order before dinner were good. Cauliflower grits I won't order again but they were ok I just didn't like the flavor. French fries were shoe sling they were ok, the collard green were not good soggy flavorless. It's a bit loud. Not inexpensive, my drinks I felt lacked flavor and alcohol, should have stuck with wine. Not interested in going back at all. I thought our server was slow and forgetful but she was nice.My husband and I visited here twice for late night dinner during our 10 days stay in NOLA because we loved their Happy Hour dishes. 
My husband loved their hamburger so much. Every meal we ordered was really good. 
Laree made our dinner more delightful at Seaworthy with her attentiveness and cheerfulness. 
Will be back when we come back to NOLA!Absolutely incredible food and fabulous service from Larree! A delicious menu complimented by a unique and surprisingly satisfying cocktail selection. Every dish we had was worth coming back for, and the meal in totality was simply scrumptious! This will be in our regular rotation of restaurants to patronize when we're in Nola!!!Little quick trip to NOLA for some Cajun Halloween fun!  Took us hours to find a place to go and I have to give credit to the hubs.  What can I say, the stars tell it all. Everything was fabulous!  Menu for the evening:
Crevice- out of this world tangy goodness
Blue crab toast- hubby liked this way more than I did but still it was good
Soft shell crab, very light and crispy.  I was afraid it would be a heavy fried lump but I loved it!
 Seared bar  jack (fish) cooked perfectly over the yummiest corn succotash we've ever had. 
And last but not least, apple tart- omg, there must have been a pound of butter and a hive full of honey in this thing.  Uber sweet but tasty!  
All in all a great meal that I would repeat again.This restaurant is a gem. My waitress, Larree, recommended some oysters from the east coast area that were likely the best oyster I've ever had. The customer service was amazing and personable. If you go, ask for Larree and listen to her suggestions b/c she will take you on a culinary journey. Plus, there some unique plates that can't be found anywhere else. Love this place.Great service and very fresh oysters and shrimp. Very good inventive craft cocktails selection. Highly recommendedNew favorite spot. Great cocktails and menu, sexy atmosphere and chesterfield inspired sofas. Beth and Ariel were great!I usually don't leave any reviews but have to on this one since I HAD THE WORST EXPERIENCE EVER - made a reservation at 5 pm to fit the happy hour time but the receptionist took forever to get to us and we didn't sit till 5:20. It took another 10 minutes for the waitress to get to us and another 15 for her to get back to take the order. By the time we ordered, it was already 5:45. Seriously WTF. I'm from NYC and know how crazy the happy hour / dinner times get but I've never waited 45 minutes to order something. I know how oysters take a while to shuck but this was done very poorly as well. Also, when we were ordering there were some wines I couldn't pronounce so told her the kind I want AND pointed towards it on the menu and she literally snatched the menu away from me saying she can't understand anything and hitting my brother in law's face with a corner of the menu - NO APOLOGIES. We also had a pregnant lady on our party and the waitress kept bumping over her as she walked behind her. SUPER RUDE, OYSTERS WERE NOT SHUCKED RIGHT, POOR WINES, OVERPRICED. NOT WORTH VISITING.Amazing brunch, great drinks and welcoming hospitality. Fresh oysters served by the highly engaging and informative Vincent. Everyone is so friendly and the food is excellent. Wish we had time to go back this trip!I'm a local and last night was my first time dining at Seaworthy and I was blown away! I sat at the bar by myself to have dinner and cocktails and I received the most outstanding customer service and amazing food and cocktails! I have to give a special shout out to Chris(Bartender from New Zealand) Edwin and Isaiah (Oyster bar/ Shuckers) and Brian (Bartender). They were all very friendly, knowledgeable of the food and cocktail menu and made me feel so welcome!!! They're all a major asset to this restaurant and bar!!!! I will be back!! 
Shawn ;)Just checked into our hotel and it was pretty late already. We decided to see what was opened in the area and still serving food at 11pm. 
When we entered the establishment it was like a dive oyster bar vibe which we really loved. I loved how they had a late night drink and food menu too :) 
The drinks were really good and our waitress was fantastic. I got the short ribs over beets and yummm I didn't even know I could like beets! (Never a fan before) the only thing I would change is I wish it had more color to the presentation of the plate (all dark colors so the short ribs and beets blended together) overall good nibble. My friends enjoyed their foods as well. My one friend got this crab flat bread thing that was pretty delicious and my other friend got the popcorn shrimp. Both were tapas style which is great if you want a quick late night snack :) so glad we stumble across this place! Next time def want to try their regular menu :)Service good. Atmosphere nice. Food...bland small portions that are overpriced. Too bad. Not a place to return to...Go for happy hour if you can. The back patio is lovely and not as cramped as the inside, plus it has a decidedly more laidback vibe.
Burger was excellent and the Seaworthy roll (shrimp and lobster) was pretty damned good.
Only real hiccup was they missed part of our happy hour order for oysters. They got the selection right, just not the quantity. That and again, the differences between varieties was not as well explained as one would have hoped.
For a nicer but not too fancy of a dining experience on quality seafood, Seaworthy is a solid choice.So happy we tried this place! I came across this spot through Yelp recommendations (thanks everyone). To start, this restaurant is the definition of hip and funky! The front room is a bit small but when it's nice outside, they also have patio seating in the back. They played cool music, mostly indie and alternative. I recommend making a reservation!
They have a fabulous happy hour with seafood and drink specials. We got there around 5:30pm on a Tuesday and the happy hour ended at 6pm. Obviously, we took advantage of it while we could!
We ordered:
- A dozen Gulf Coast oysters 
- Smoked Cobia small plate 
- Blue Crab small plate 
- Pork Belly small plate 
- Espresso Cremè Brûlée 
- Beer & Rosé
If you're looking for something more funky and under the radar, this is a great option. The food is delicious, the ambiance is relaxed, and it's a great value for what you pay.Great new addition to downtown and the Ace Hotel!  Thursday afternoon I decided I wanted to try out Seaworthy and was able to grab up a reservation for 6:30 pm.  This was the last "prime time" reservation available.  The atmosphere of Seaworthy is really great.  It definitely feels like some of the trendy places I've been to in larger cities like Chicago and San Francisco.  We were seated downstairs in the bar area which is quite small and intimate.  I wasn't sure which white wine I wanted so the waiter sent over the manager to give me a better explanation of the 3 choices.  She was very helpful and I really liked my selection.  My fiancé ordered a half dozen oysters (3 from Gulf Coast and 3 from East/West costs).  He thoroughly enjoyed them and noticed the distinctly different flavor in each type.  We shared the boiled shrimp and remoulade sauce.  These shrimp were so flavorful and delicious.  I'm also pretty particular about remoulade sauces and loved this one (mayo based with a kick).  We then shared the lobster roll which although good didn't knock my socks off.  I think the cucumbers detract from the overall richness of the sandwich.  Overall I'm very excited about Seaworthy and looking forward to trying the rest of the menu.Yikes. Food is decent. It's not bad. You might be ok until you consider portion size and price. New Orleans is an expensive city. Good food isn't cheap. I can accept that. After getting crammed into the sardine can of a restaurant- it fell far short of expectations. Won't be a return
Update: food is still far overpriced.Wow! Recently visited Nola on my bday for an adventure. Stumbled upon this place and had dinner. We sat at the oyster bar and tried a lil bit of everything...hands down some of the best oysters I've ever had. The two guys working shucking oysters were also super friendly and helpful recommending places to go after( I forget their names but the older guy was hilarious) the pork belly and apple plate was melt in your mouth delicious ...the peel and eat shrimp were great!! Desert was super tasty. We had a brûlée of some sort and they came with some lil beignets..Every dish impressed me and I was one happy camper! the bartenders were both super fun and friendly. The holy water cocktail was delicious I've alway adored chartreuse and fire together...Atmosphere was fantastic...I'll be back in town in the summer and I will definitely be having dinner there again!I use to be the kind of guy who would buy a bottle of cheap whiskey from rite aid and just drink it in the park. But one night for some reason the Lord called upon me and said "don't go to rite aid tonight, go to Seaworthy." Well it seems like the Lord wanted to give me a preview of Heaven because that's exactly what Seaworthy is! Heaven on earth! 
For a second I thought maybe it was hell because I saw fire but turns out that was just the delicious drink Beth made me that comes lit on fire! 
The ultimate goal of drinking is to get drunk and getting drunk anywhere else is like taking the greyhound but getting drunk at Seaworthy is like flying first class!A local friend recommended this spot to us and she was not wrong. Great cocktails. Great service. The roasted brussel sprouts and cauliflower grits were great. My fiancée had the Gulf Coast Roll and really enjoyed it. I had the hangar steak. It's not my favorite cut but they did a nice job with it and the mushroom sauce was delicious.  Enjoyed the espresso creme brûlée with baby beignets. 
Would return.Amazing, amazing plates. It's a killer kitchen & it doesn't disappoint - and we tried going thru about 7 plates & 6 drinks.Oysters are super fresh. Martinis are on point. Service, especially by Laree S., is spectacular. Love this place!Enjoyed a really good Red Fish dinner although the bar area is not so comfy it was an enjoyable time. I would return if they have a happy hour as their drinks can run anywhere from $10-$14.  They do have a descent beer menu but I'm not a beer drinker.  Food was to die for and nice portions.Service was so bad we left after the appetizers. However, the wine selection and the appetizers were great. Maybe they will get it together.So many great things to say about this cozy spot and their staff.  Made reservations for Valentine's Day because it's my favorite restaurant/bar in the city.  We showed up 15 minutes early and the hostess immediately sat us down at our table, which I thought was incredible.  The vibe from the beginning was so pleasant and welcoming.  The waitress attended to us immediately, and all the other staff members were extremely nice and helpful.  We even had one of the servers take our picture, and she did it without any complaint!  If you're looking for some of the best cocktails in the city then you should really give this place a try. The dinner menu was set for the night (which was so helpful because we are both indecisive about picking food haha) and the chef kicked ass with everything he/she prepared.  5/5 stars for this place isn't even enough.  Will be returning! Thank you!So we've been in the city for two days and we're been to Seaworthy BOTH DAYS! I know there are thousands of choices in New Orleans but this place is something special. 
The drinks are amazing; there was forethought put into each creation. I can recommend the Slick Palm and the Basic Bee - the level of sophistication rivals anything you'll see in NY or LA (The West Coast one).
We enjoyed the small bites and you must have the Brussel sprouts!
The ambiance is warm and friendly, you will feel like you belong there from the moment you step foot in the door. This is the best spot in the CBD!Food is FANTASTIC! My one gripe is this: my friends and I decided to drop in for drink and possibly a small bite at the bar before heading to an art opening. As we walked past the long line (which we naturally assumed were ppl waiting to place names for a table) toward the bar, we were stopped and informed we needed to place our name on the list....for the BAR! I have never in my life heard of having to reserve a seat at a bar to get a cocktail. Needless to say, we left and went to the bar at the corner where we didn't have to reserve a seat to have drinks. Haven't been back since. Left a bad taste in my mouth-I wish we had known what a gem of a bar we were in while we were there! This was my first raw oyster bar experience away from home, and the best thing I can tell you about Seaworthy is how much pride they take in their oysters. The worst thing is that while it's a beautiful spot, it's very small. The original table they were going to seat us at would not have held our drinks and a full tray of oysters. The bartender was great at recommending drinks, and their crafted cocktails are just delicious. He was so knowledgeable about oysters, their flavors, the regions they come from, everything. We tried a few different types, upon his recommendation, and honestly he was spot on about the flavors. I loved it. Also the presentation of the oysters was beautiful. I wish we had discovered it before our last day in the city; it would have been great to visit again. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for beautiful drinks and beautiful oysters. It was lovely for an intimate drink and appetizer; we didn't eat dinner but hope to be back one day again when we are in the area!I've only ever sat at the bar, mostly for happy hour, and almost always oysters and some sort of cocktail. It's a tradition. The oysters are super, and they are presented elegantly, the drinks are classic, with a few trend centric seasonal choices to try out, but the best thing about the place is the service. The bartenders know their stuff. The wait staff is cool with however slow or fast you want to go, and despite the place having a hipster appeal, even am old boring guy like me feels very welcome.Came for happy hour, oysters were really muddy and the wait staff were incredibly rude. Don't waste your time and money, cool atmosphere but not worth it.This little spot is a real gem that is not to be missed! It's cozy inside & has a lovely outdoor patio. The food was absolutely amazing --so much so that we went back for more the next day. The bartenders on both of my visits were creative, helpful & friendly. They provided me with the most delicious drinks I had during my stay in NOLA.Great food, atmosphere and drinks! I am very glad we listened to our waitress because she was not kidding when she said the brussel sprouts were the best thing on the menu. The ceviche, smoked cobia, oysters and yellowtin tuna were all fresh and flavorful. Highly recommend if you're in New Orleans.Love this late night spot for tasty eats!  2nd visit and just gets better each time.  They offer some intriguing and unique cocktails.  I got the one with a smokey tequila - amazing got 2!  Loved the variety of oysters and servers ability to help select what fit our taste. It has a late night upscale foodie- local haunt vibe.  Good crowd on a Friday but not crazy.   Only disappointment was the less then memorable mignonette sauce to top off the oysters - served in a salt shaker.   Sides to get, brussel sprouts and fries, seriously tasty!  When hungry and on the other side of Canal best spot to  pop-in for eats & drinks!Oh my god. This place is amazing. Even someone like me who doesn't like fish was able to find something to eat here. I ate the burger and it was ahhhhhmazing! Actually it was one of the top things on the menu that the waitress suggested.
I also had a cocktail (I can't remember the name) that was set on FIRE! The presentation was so cool because the line was flipped inside out and the liquor was set on. Once you waited 10 seconds you blow the fire out and pour everything into the cocktail.Great place! We enjoyed oysters, hush puppies, seafood roll, fried oysters and many cocktails. The staff was nice and it was a great afternoon stop. The oysters in particular were fantastic and the place didn't feel pretentious-hipster or too casual. Very cool courtyard space away from the small dining area. Definitely check this place out.Pleasantly surprised. We dined on the second floor. When we first arrived there was a moth ball smell, it was so strong that we considered leaving. Eventually it went away. We chose to stay and ordered the pork belly for an appetizer and red fish for main dish. AMAZING. Glad we chose to stay.What a great atmosphere...fun place to look around and see. It was recommended to me to go to this place because its a perfect place for a foodie. Came for lunch, so it was not busy. Ordered 2 items...the crawfish omelette and Gulf coast roll. The omelette came with delicious potatoes and a little greens mix. It was all very delicious. The roll was on yummy bread and I like to say "the right bread," you know the bread sliced on top and toasted perfectly. The fries were skinny and full of flavor. This truly is a must visit place to go when in town. The server was nice and sweet, but not very attentive. Maybe its a NOLA thing, but service in general has not been over the top. For example once we got our food, no one came and asked how everything was or how we were doing. She came back when our napkins were on our plates. Again, she was nice, but not overly attentive.This was by far our favorite place to eat in New Orleans during our vacation. So good we came back on our last day. Props to the chef the food was mouthwatering, melts in your mouth good! Delicious and super impressed!! 
Pros
Best oysters in Nola 
Awesome food
Good alcohol
Cute decor
Romantic 
Service 
Close metered parking
Cons
Not located in CAWhat a lovely location. The atmosphere was excellent, a nice older building repurposed for this restarant. the service was very good. WE loved our waitperson- she was knowledgeable about the food and the wine. 
Cocktails are fantastic.
Oysters-raw and perfect. they had a good selection. they were a bit sandy, so they hadn't been pre-washed well, but the flavor selection was spot on. they included some great condiments if you like them. We prefer the oyster au natural so can't tell you of the condiment flavors.
We ordered the raclette and the smothered greens. the raclette had a nice flavor, but was too salty so made it was difficult to eat very much. A little goes a long way. Probably best ordered with a larger group. we were just two. 
The greens were great. 
Dessert menu was mostly drinks, so we didn't find anything interesting there.Food was delicious! Atmosphere was nice! Bartender served us this drink called "Holy Water". It was awesome. Definitely recommend to other. Oh yeah.. don't forget about Happy Hours!Kings and Queens, take a moment and listen here.  This restaurant is amazing.  The food is outstanding, the ambience is perfect and Larrie our waiter took the experience to next level.  She had great suggestions, made us smile and killed it all around with a classy presence and being a friend we never knew we had.  Come. Eat. Drink. Enjoy.We went here for happy hour. The staff was less than welcoming. The drink selection was limited. I had a beer and my brother drank whiskey. Both are available at other establishments so they did little to overcome the unfriendly staff. My experience struck me as unusual given that New Orleans is such a friendly place and the service I usually experience is top notch. This place was a bit of a disappointment.Really impressed on my first visit tonight. Party of three for the Coolinary menu and we all loved all of it. I had the ceviche, drum, finished with the strawberry shortcake. Ceviche was fresh and flavorful. Drum was excellently seasoned with a fantastic sauce and served with a wonderful corn side. The shortcake was a refreshing dessert. Also tried the Holy Roller cocktail and was not disappointed. My friends enjoyed the oysters, crudo, crab & shrimp roll and their creme brûlée w/ beignets, as well. 
And I was also very happy with the friendly and patient staff that didn't mind us talking and laughing for a few hours at the table. Very appreciated and looking forward to coming back.Fantastic food, wonderful service! The staff is very knowledgeable and accommodating! As with most places in Nola, the building is historic. We were told it is one of the oldest buildings in the city. The ambience and overall vibe of the place stays true to its historic nature.
I loved it, my wife loved it - it's good.Delicious food and friendly bar tenders make me want to come back. Recommend their Smoked Cobia and Burger. The space is on the smaller side but well-designed, which gives it a great vibe.Ok ready for an oyster fest...well ordered a couple of raw oysters that I never had before... very tasty. So then ordered the fried oysters. Wow...what came out was obviously microwaved and not long enough... they were cold and looked and had the texture of over cooked chicken livers. Dried out and shrivelled.  I sent them back with the microwave observation. The waiter returned and apologized and said they were frying up a new dish. Should have done that in The beginning. What she brought back were much better. Old and re-heated oysters are not cool. Especially at 16.00 for 5 fried oysters.With our schedules all mixed up my boyfriend and I were looking for a place that stayed opened late but still served decent food and drinks and Seaworthy is definitely it! Both times we went were after 11pm on a weeknight but the service and food were still pretty good. We're so use to Louisiana oysters down here that it's nice to try east coast oysters from time to time and you really can't go wrong with their burger or seaworthy roll!What a find!  Was craving oysters and shrimp and wanted a non-tourist restaurant - Seaworthy hit the mark!  The oyster selection was very good and they were wonderfully fresh.  The shrimp was exactly what you'd want when ordering chilled shrimp.  The blue crab on french bread was amazing. And believe it or not, you simply MUST order the hushpuppies!  These are not your run of the mill, seafood restaurant hushpuppies.  These are luscious, fresh corn added, and topped with cane syrup, simply one of the best things you've ever put in your mouth!  To top it off, you have to try the espresso creme brulee with beignets.
This place was so good, we ate there twice during our four day stay.  The service was very good, and the setting was relaxing with a shabby chic elegance.Easily the best seafood I had in NoLa, especially the oyster selection. The cocktails are great too. Larree was our server, she was amazing.Larree S was amazing. Such a gracious server. Attentive and hospitable. Will definitely be back. Ask for Larree S next time you visit.Seaworthy has a GREAT ambience and is very trendy . The cocktails were pretty good but that's about it. Do not come here if you're hungry or plan on sharing your food, especially the $27 lobster roll (from the LARGE PLATE menu) which is the size, no exaggeration,  of two overstuffed finger sandwiches and smaller than a happy meal size order of French fries. The oysters weren't satisfying at all...stick to local oysters.  Our waitress was uninviting and often seemed bothered by our requests. Save yourself the inconvenience and money ($85 in my case) and look elsewhere.Little place but they rock it! 
The oysters are incredible! And trust me, I'm from Seattle. We had West Coast, East Coast, and Gulf and they were the best I've ever had! 
Chris was our bartender and with Giovanni as the bar back we couldn't have been treated any better! Don't miss this place! Espresso Creme Brûlée....Hello!I was in town for Jazz Fest and ate dinner here with three other people.  The atmosphere was nice and besides one dirty fork, everything seemed to be clean. 
Our waiter knew the best items to pick which was very helpful.  We had the Blue Crab French bread toast, Black Drum, Ceviche, Peel n Eat Shrimp, oysters (a few different kinds) and the Guava cheesecake.  If you come here you MUST have the Black Drum, Blue Crab French Bread Toast and the Guava cheesecake!  Everything we had was really good but those items were just delicious! 
The only downfall was that besides the oysters, it took over 30min for all of our food to come out.  Not sure what happened but they did give us free dessert due to the very long wait. 
This place is also next the ACE hotel which is new. It's a great hotel to hang out and see some great live music.Love this place. Unpretentious, low-key, best and freshest oysters in town. And the burger... Top 10 in the country.Super cool, trendy spot. Amazing music! The Holy Water cocktail was a true treat!! The experience, however, was disappointing. I made a reservation through open table, once we arrived there was no host to greet us. The bartender or anyone inside didn't bother to either. We popped our head to see if there was anyone who would acknowledge our presence. The hostess nonchalantly said she would be with us. We went to stand back at the hostess stand awkwardly. She finally came to us, without apology for the wait. She began to guide us to a table inside despite our reservation indicating outside seating and special occasion. She acted annoyed when I mentioned our request. When we were seated, it took quite a while for anyone to come take an order. In fact, nobody came. We decided to scrap lunch and have the fun cocktail I was looking forward to at the bar and leave. The bar tender was no Miss Congeniality either. 
The place is awesome and the atmosphere could be great if only they had a congenial, welcoming, warm staff. It felt like they were a very young, clueless bunch without any experience in hospitality.  New Orleans is all about the warm and fuzzies, which I did not feel from Seaworthy.Came here for an early dinner and sat in the outside patio area.  Very romantic little area with lights and heater for the colder temperature.  We made it during happy hour and had some wine and local oysters for a good price.  I ordered the lobster roll which was good but I don't really think justified a $29 price tag.  I would go again but probably only for the happy hour specials.Atmosphere alone, this place gets 5 stars. Cozy and sophisticated with a fish shack vibe. We only had oysters and cocktails. Oysters were amazing, choices from all coasts of the us! But expensive at $3 each. Drinks were ok, we both got old fashions  and it just consisted of sugar mixed w bourbon, but the sugar wasn't even mixed well. The bartender/server was unfriendly and not knowledgeable about the oysters. He seemed clueless about the menu. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt because the restaurant is new and will definitely come back to try the rest of the menu (and for the atmosphere Alone!!) but the staff needs to get their act together, this is Nola-food is serious business! :)Oysters are great . Great variety from across the US and very fresh. Place is super cool inside . Larree was our server - who is ... the - best! Quickly remembered we were in New Orleans by how welcoming and wonderful she was .I was in town for Jazz Fest and ate dinner here with three other people.  The atmosphere was nice and besides one dirty fork, everything seemed to be clean. 
Our waiter knew the best items to pick which was very helpful.  We had the Blue Crab French bread toast, Black Drum, Ceviche, Peel n Eat Shrimp, oysters (a few different kinds) and the Guava cheesecake.  If you come here you MUST have the Black Drum, Blue Crab French Bread Toast and the Guava cheesecake!  Everything we had was really good but those items were just delicious! 
The only downfall was that besides the oysters, it took over 30min for all of our food to come out.  Not sure what happened but they did give us free dessert due to the very long wait. 
This place is also next the ACE hotel which is new. It's a great hotel to hang out and see some great live music.While staying at the Ace, Seaworthy became a staple.  My girlfriend and I loved it and went multiple times during our stay.  Oysters were delicious as was their amberjack rillette.
The courtyard was gorgeous - well designed and comfortable as though in a movie.  The upstairs seating also offered a classy feel if that's more your speed. 
Waiters were great too, super friendly and enthusiastic.The place is nice. Although I didn't have a good experience. I have a dairy allergy and ordered a meal without any butter. The meal came out with butter. I sent it back. So the chef prepared the side dish again supposedly without butter, but it still tasted and smelled exactly like butter, and I was sent back the same fish that was on the original plate, soaked in butter. And I still had to pay for this meal I didn't/couldn't eat. So I write this review as I sit here sick, with an allergic reaction. The situation was handled poorly. ThanksPerfect spot to grab late (after 10pm) food on a Sunday night if you're a foodie. Our bartender Kevin was super super helpful giving us recommendations for drinks and food -- we ordered the pork belly and hamburger. So good. Kevin made our experience unforgettable :).Eager for fresh fish without the heavy sauces, I tried Seaworthy.  Tucked near the corner of a fairly quiet (excluding the streetcars passing through) New Orleans street, it would be easy to miss if one wasn't looking.
Ordered the redfish and greens.  Both well prepared, nice flavors, and met my expectations.
It's a tiny spot, few tables, and a bit of a hipster vibe.  But a good choice for good seafood.
My only gripe is that the stools have no backs. It's uncomfortable sitting when trying to enjoy dinner.  Not sure if this is on purpose since it's a small restaurant-- but it knocks off one star in my review.
And the oysters do look mouthwatering!Amazing cocktails. Great small plates. Fantastic service and cozy atmosphere. A gem just off the beaten path of the French Quarter. I wanted to go back tonight, but you can't go to the same spot every night... Or can you?We stopped in after a Pelicans game. While at the game I found an reservation opening and they allowed us to bring our baby (we did not have the stroller with us). It was as short walk from the stadium, and on the later end of the evening. We were sat upstairs in a booth so our baby could be more comfortable. Staff were great, front of house and our waitress. The cottage the restaurant is in is so cool, and old. It is tiny but loved the feel of the place. The Blue Crab appetizer and Redfish were great.  I've love to come back here if I lived in NOLA. P.s. no changing rooms in the very old bathroom. And men have to go outside through the patio -- the little nuances that come with 180yr old place.Cool little underground bar on the way to see the Pelicans VS Celtics game, we had a plate of oysters a burger and couple of wines. 
Really nice quiet place that was relaxing and great for a pre drink and a quick bite to eat.In a desperate attempt to find some late-night dinner on the way to a show at The Howlin' Wolf, I was amazed how many times we struck out finding a spot to grab a quick bite.  (As I always forget when I visit NOLA, the shows might go until 5 AM, but finding food late is really tough since almost every quality place closes by 11.)
So when we walked by Seaworthy, we almost had to give it a shot since it was about 11:15 and we had missed on 4-5 other places that had closed their kitchens.  Thank goodness Seaworthy was open, but a second stroke of good luck came when our meals arrived...the food here is solid.
Love the space at Seaworthy and our service was generally quick since the downstairs was the only option and only a couple of other tables were in need of food.  I tried the redfish and the 50/50 burger; both were good, but the burger is what I would come back for.  In addition, the cocktails here (Boulevardier and the Vieux Carre) were classics mixed well at prices that were semi-reasonable:  high for what I expect in NOLA, but lower than many of the spots in my hometown Chicago.
Looking forward to a return visit for future NOLA trips!I love this place. The decor is classic yet modern, super hip and sultry. Exactly what I expect from a New Orleans hotspot. Amazing drinks, but the real star is the food. I had the BBQ shrimp that knocked my socks off! I can't remember the last time I ate something that tasted that good!Great atmosphere and decor. Our server was so great and made perfect suggestions. Oysters were fresh. Really nice food and cocktail menu!I liked this place! The oysters were very fresh and tasty  I enjoyed spending time there.I've only ever sat at the bar, mostly for happy hour, and almost always oysters and some sort of cocktail. It's a tradition. The oysters are super, and they are presented elegantly, the drinks are classic, with a few trend centric seasonal choices to try out, but the best thing about the place is the service. The bartenders know their stuff. The wait staff is cool with however slow or fast you want to go, and despite the place having a hipster appeal, even am old boring guy like me feels very welcome.So much potential. We came here in a group, with a reservation.  None of the drinks came out right, the waitress refused to bring us water (she told us that she didn't have three hands), and the pricing was subjective.  
Good points -- the oysters were amazing. 
Bad points -- waitress and runner were incredibly rude, half of the food came out cold or overly salty.
In short, I would say do this only for drinks and apps, don't waste your money on the entrees.Everything I tried was delicious. From the murderpointes to the Yellowtail my personal favorite. Caviar great presentation and everything so freshThe oysters were very good. Numerous species to choose from. The whisky sour was cool to watch being mixed and better to drink. Bartender had some skills and Jess was a pleasant waitress. 
That's where the good news ended. The burger was dense like a hockey puck. 50/50 blend of beef types that should've been fantastic. The crab claw appetizer was just that. I went to the restroom and when  I returned I thought I might have malaria. Humid as hell with mosquitoes and no air circulation. The kitchen food delivery guy had dreadlocks and smelled like BO and Ass mixed. His body odor was so bad that we had to mash the mint from Mojito's, to get by. Their iced tea was horrific. 
So, go for the oysters and drinks. Run from the kitchen servers.Awesome place! Really cool decor, friendly bartenders/servers, and great food.  Between the two of us, we split the burger, some oysters, and the pork belly and everything was quite tasty.  I'll definitely be back again soon!I cane here for Nola restaurant week and got to try out this cute spot. It has a emo dark vibe with big candles. I got the blue crab toast to start which had such good flavor. Then I got the shrimp with cauliflower grits which were so bomb! Lastly the espresso creme brûlée was so bomb! The mini beignets were crunchy and warm. The style reminds me of a European layout where the main dining room is on the second floor.Very much enjoyed this restaurant.  Food was solid, the atmosphere is lovely (located inside an old house), and the service was wonderful.  The menu is fairly simple--not a ton of choices to be had, but everything is fresh and tasty.  I would recommend.Incredible food, some of the best seafood I've ever had! Great margaritas and a totally beautiful and romantic interior!Was not expecting much from the outside but the food was excellent.  Had black drum with greens and grits, outstanding food.  Drinks not bad either.Best dinner I had in NOLA. The atmosphere is wonderful, great for friends, family, or a date. The food was amazing, although a bit pricey, but it was worth it. The service here was impeccable, which as everyone knows is almost just as important as the food. I will recommend this to anyone coming to New Orleans.
Side note, if you are coming with a wheelchair or anyone who has a hard time with stairs make sure you make reservations for the bottom floor. There is seating on floors two and three but it does get busy so this could extend your wait time.Seaworthy's service is lacking. The management needs to set a service standard and then train the staff to live up to it. Our waitress came up to our table and stood there. Didn't introduce herself or ask us what we wanted. Stood there and stared at us. Moved with no energy or sense of urgency. Very strange experience.
The hostess was dressed in a cutoff sweatshirt showing her middriff, and moccasins -- doesn't meet my expectation of the dress code for an upscale restaurant. The diners were dressed better than the staff! One waitress with her "cheeks" hanging out of her shorts. Fine for "Hooters," but thought Seaworthy was a different type of place. 
Food was okay, but small portions and on the expensive side for what you get. I had the crab and shrimp roll, which was okay but had a very strong celery flavor that overpowered the delicate crab flavor. The bread tasted good though.
French fries were thin cut and tasty; just wish there were more of them. The sauces were really good, I like that they gave you a sage aoli and a sriacha ketchup.
I also got a blackberry handpie which was very overly browned, even burned in some spots. I don't mind it like that, but the friend I was going to share it with got really turned off by it and wouldn't eat it.
I will not go back and suffer through the slow and indifferent service. Too many other good places to patronize in the area.A friend and I stopped in for a drink on our short trip to Nola and we loved it so much we came back for dinner that same night. The atmosphere, decor, drinks and food all went above our expectation. The staff was knowledgable about the oysters, having only been familiar with west coast variety, and made great recommendations. I was weary about the gulf oysters as my experience with them has been not the best, but these ones were amazing! as for the price, it was standard for any oyster bar I've been too and actually enjoyed; cheaper oysters and you're asking for an unpleasant time. It's a bit noisy in the bar, but I'm sure that can be addressed. Will definitely be back next time I'm in Nola. Many thanks to the owner for introducing himself that night as well, it's always nice to know when a business cares about your experience!Pretty simple. $25 lobster roll with pickled cucumber. That is a joke. First, lobster rolls should be $15. Take a look at the shrimp roll at Peche for $14. It's better and almost half the price. Yes it's shrimp but lobster rolls should never cost $25. Second, it's not a real lobster roll with pickled cucumber. Lobster rolls should just have lobster meat and maybe a little mayo. I welcome and encourage out of town restaurateurs. Happy these guys are here. We know food in New Orleans so tired of out of town guys being pretentious with over priced average food not done the right way.Very mediocre, overpriced food with slow service.  The best part about our food were the hush puppies.  I barely touched my $31 red snapper entree.  Waitress didn't care and was inappropriately and unappetizingly dressed: in short shorts with a mid-riff shirt on that showed her belly when she leaned over.  It took 30 minutes just to get a drink.  One of the martinis had powdered sugar on the rim, the other one had granulated sugar.  Waiter said it was the same kind of sugar that they pulverize themselves.  We stopped at the bar on the way out to check with the bartender: he admitted that the first drink was made with powdered sugar on the rim because "they couldn't find any granulated sugar".  Wow.  Place was also so loud it was hard to have a conversation.  There are so many better restaurants in NOLA - don't waste your time here!Bad service.  We waited 20 minutes for them to take our order and they were not busy.  Food is very small portions but tasted good.  Would have rated lower if not for the food.We came to seaworthy tonight for dinner and waited an initial 1h for a table before enquiring as to our progression in the queue. We were extremely upset as the hostess was completely dismissive of us and slightly rude telling us we needed to wait 
another hour unless we wanted to sit at the bar. 
Usually we wouldn't complain but we were starving so we spoke to Matt (I think that was his name) who was the acting manager. He literally made our night by being so courteous and understanding. He immediately rectified the situation and made us feel extremely comfortable at a lovely table. By the time we left we all agreed we would definitely return. We are some fantastic seafood here including the popcorn shrimp, bacalaito (so yum!!) and the bbq shrimp. Cocktails were fantastic too! 
Our recommendation would be to book ahead and enjoy.Drinks are delicious, super Brooklyn-esque bar (always a plus for me) with requisite patrons with hipster beards in the middle of NOLA's business district. Honestly a really nice respite from the heat and humidity. I was waiting for the husband to get a haircut nearby, so parked myself at the bar, ordered a strawberry alarm clock and chilledMost delectable well kept secret in NOLA!  Food blue crab or pork belly appetizer was the best. Shhhh don't spread it around.  A most elegant and sophisticated establishment that I have encountered in years.Disappointing.  We didn't expect much from a review of the limited menu but the prep and taste of the two small plates was not good.  Our Popcorn shrimp had a very funny/spoiled taste so we left that in favor of a roasted eggplant which was presented in a gooey mixture on a nice sized Italian toast.  On the plus side however the fresh oyster recommendations and taste were outstanding, cold and very enjoyable - I would return for just oysters.  Staff nice but these small plates need a lot of attention.In town for work and we came as a big group. Larree was so amazing serving our big table! Super sweet and personable. Food was delicious!I do not understand the hype. I give it a star for really great ambiance and a star for very good food. But the portions are small and the service was awful. Our server suddenly ghosted us before we could order and then the new one took 15 minutes to show up. For the price of the food I'd assume everything would be top notch. Example: we ordered the ceviche (which was indeed very good) to share and they bring it out with two tiny pork rinds or something to eat the ceviche with. It was sort of silly looking since you'd obviously need more pork rinds to properly eat the ceviche. So we asked our original server and she huffed off and came back with bar crackers. If you're gonna offer a dish, have the right accoutrements. Maybe I'm skewed because we had an amazing meal at Cafe Amelie the night before? In defense of the food: most of it was very good. So if you want a good meal and crappy service this is a great place to visit.Great stop for a late night meal! Apparently owned by the same folks responsible for Grand Banks in NYC. Near the Ace Hotel, this cute little oyster / seafood bar is casual, sexy, cozy. We had half a dozen Louisiana oysters (huge!), fried oysters (just ok), hush puppies (awesome!) and the crab toast (great idea but just ok in execution), French fries (skinny but a bit soggy). Our bartender was super friendly and we had a good time!Very disappointed with my dinner here.  Was in town for a conference and had dinner with a couple of friends.  I don't usually give low reviews for service but this really affected my experience here.  We literally waited an hour and a half for the fish to come out. We had the snapper and I will admit it was really good.  Unfortunately by the time it was ready, everything else that was served with it was cold.  also, the waitresses had a serious attitude problem and rolled their eyes whenever we asked for something.  I've literally never been treated like this at a restaurant in my entire life.  Would not return. Oh yeah - there was some bug crawling on me when I was sitting at the booth which was really disgusting.We were on the Saint Charles trolley and happen to go by seaworthy. It looked charming from the outside and so we hopped off and decided to give it a try. A very eclectic menu with a very attentive wait staff. We enjoy the ambience of the inside of the restaurant. A very unique menu that did not disappoint. Our server suggested that we begin with the pork belly. It was melt in your mouth with some nice apples and ricotta cheese. A very nice way to begin our meal. My daughter enjoyed the crayfish roll with delicious with Very light french fries. I enjoyed a new redfish dish that had just been put on the menu. Cooked to perfection it was on a bed of lentils with some collard greens. We also enjoyed some delicious roasted vegetables with our meal.  Absolutely delicious. the bar looked very charming and had many lovely looking cocktails. Settled for a glass of rose that went nicely with my meal. Would highly recommend this little gem of a restaurant!We went for happy hour...great variety of oysters and drinks. It is a very small small place with a cozy ambiance.Quiet and quaint restaurant away from the insanity of Bourbon Street. Great drinks and food. Outdoor seating is very cozy.This is by far the best food we had during our NOLA visit. It is a beautiful little place in an old livingroom. We were sitting next to an old fireplace. 
Servers are really helpful and the food was delicious. The portions would be small for the typical american, but just perfect for european guests.Place is amazing! Oysters were to die for, cocktails were superb and service was personal and friendly.  Loved the intimate ambiance.  Recommend to everyone visiting NOLA.We got sat in front of the oyster bar, where Edwin (the oyster expert) was shucking oysters. He was very knowledgeable, and proceeded to educate us on the large variety of oysters that the seaworthy offers. By far the best oysters that I have had in America. Thanks to Edwin, we will be recommending seaworthy to anyone we know coming to New Orleans. 10/10 will returnGreat ambiance. Lackluster service. Limited menu. Grossly overpriced by my standards. Quality of food was excellent. Portions were pathetically small. Everything a la carte. As i tried to eat my modest piece of fish slowly to make it last, (it was delicately placed on an enormous plate, but very, VERY lonely), knowing I was still going to be hungry, I asked for some bread. It wasn't until 20 minutes later that it arrived: nice baguette, cut on the diagonal, toasted on a grill, with some garlic-infused olive oil. Good as it was, I was surprised that there was a $5 charge for it! Paid the near $50 tab (no drinks) and left. Resisted the urge to stop somewhere for a burger.
Will NOT be back here, despite the high quality of the food.Went for Mother's Day brunch and was so impressed. The patio is beautiful and the food was amazing, especially the crab toast! Fresh oysters from various locations were delicious. My dad got the burger, and it might be the best burger I have ever tasted! I would definitely go back with friends or for a romantic date at night.Great oyster bar with drinks and happy hour specials! Their kitchen did not open till 5 but we ordered wine and oysters and they were extremely fresh and delicious. The staff was very friendly as well. Though we did not spend much time here, our wine + oysters did not disappoint! Will hopefully be back!My wife and I were finally able to eat at Seaworthy Restaurant (630 Carondelet St). Food was spectacular, service impeccable and the restaurant itself is a warm and inviting venue. We will return and encourage others to take a trip into the "city" for a special occasion or want to experience a different type of cuisine. I highly recommend the oysters at least one of each variety from around the country.Incredible. Excellent, friendly and knowledgeable bar staff. Ask for Kevin! The Yellowfin Tuna was the BEST set up I've ever had with tuna. Beautiful and fresh oysters added to the fun experience!We came here for a late brunch after we arrived in NOLA during Mardi Gras weekend. We were seated quickly and the restaurant was about half full. The cocktail selection was impressive so we both ordered cocktails. We also got some oysters - they had a large selection but we decided to stay with gulf coast oysters since we were in the area. They were really good and tasted fresh. I got the seaworthy benedict which had fried oysters. I thought it was delicious. My friend got the crawfish omelet and thought that it was just ok. Overall the service was really good, the place was cute, and I liked the vibe. I would recommend it.So I'm from New Orleans and I love seafood, so my expectations are always high.  This place did not disappoint! The food was fresh and delicious. My friend and I got the oysters, there were a plethora of oysters that were so fresh and tasty.  I wish I could remember what oysters I had, but unfortunately I'm not that knowledgeable. But my server, Larree, was great. She knew every fact about the food I could ever wonder about.  She was so funny too! Made the experience great.  The house Rosé was delicious as well. Another great recommendation from our server. I also loved the espresso créeme brûlée! I would definitely come back! Top notch food and service.Love this place! The food is amazing, and beer selection good too. Service was spot on.We booked a last minute reservation and were excited to eat here given all the great reviews.  It's in the quieter warehouse district and we appreciated being seated right away.  The building is gorgeous and gives the place a nice vibe.  
Our server was friendly, but wasn't very engaging--she didn't rave about anything on the menu or ask about our food mood.  Was More about holding the pen at the ready and waiting for decisions a la  Flo at the diner.   
We ordered the Brussel sprouts (crispy, full flavored), ceviche (very good, disappointingly meager portion with 2 little crisps-- really?), blue crab toast (tasty and smallish), and the BBQ shrimp over grits (great flavor, anemic shrimp size and count).  
This was a nice dinner tasting that left our party of 4 hankering for more.  The good?  Plenty of room for dessert.  The bad?  Poor value for $75.  We might be back to check out the oyster bar though, which looked tempting.Best oyster selection in the city. Don't get me wrong, I love Louisiana oysters, but every now and then a salty east coast oyster hits the spot!Great food - once it arrived. Service was attentive but kitchen seemed to be taking their time, despite the restaurant not being busy. Recommend: oysters, ceviche & smoked cobia. Crab roll was cold & lacked flavor. Cheesecake was solid 3/5. Dishes are very light order more rather than less. Worth the trip & price.This restaurant is one of my favorites. I've eaten here twice: once at the bar for oysters and cocktails, it was fantastic. Most recently, I had a reservation for a large group (14 people) late on Monday night after a bartending competition. The team at Seaworthy was so welcoming, showed so much hospitality, and took flawless care of our [somewhat] rowdy group. Most of us work in food and beverage, and we were blown away by the incredibly warm service, food, and atmosphere. 10/10, will eat here anytime I'm in town.One means zero!!!!!!!. We went to seaworthy for a meal and were denied a glass of champagne from our waitress because she had determined that our friend with a speech impediment had been slurring her words. Amazing. We had just ordered over 200 dollars of food and oysters and that didn't matter. They told us that if we could say our abc's backwards in a timely fashion then we would be fine. But when the bar manager was asked to do the same he laughed and said it wasn't up to him. Maybe it was because we weren't dressed the same way and didn't have the same appearance as the rest of the wait staff, managers and other clients there. Guess this super open hotel that prides itself on being open minded really is only open minded to a certain type of person. Shame because we didn't feel that way and were on our 4th trip of the week to a bar/restaurant in the hotel. Shame on you ace. I've never felt so uncomfortable in my life, especially for my friend. Shame on you.Our favorite spot in Nola this trip. First, we were surprised at how busy many places were and they weren't an exception, but the hostess found a way to slip us in in-between reservations (we were a walk-in). Even in that scenario, we still somehow didn't feel rushed by the staff there, and our food was served quickly/timely so that didn't cause any issues. 
The food itself was of course the highlight. Everything was really flavorful but not heavy. Our favorite was definitely the clam pasta (perfectly lemony/buttery) but it was nice to share that (which was super punchy/flavorful) with the lobster roll - which was also tasty and came with a side of fries. The grits were solid as well but we didn't finish it (pretty heavy and we aren't big eaters). 
I tried the holy water cocktail- highly recommend! It's fun but actually also tastes great (while still pretty sweet, was less sweet than the bulk of drinks I ordered in New Orleans - a plus for me bc I prefer to eat vs drink my sugar ha).Really cool atmosphere. Stayed inside at the bar so can't speak to the restaurant but the bar is great. Oysters were great. The assistant Jeffery was fantastic! Totally great service and this guy was attentive and had great suggestions. He wasn't taking our order but bringing food. I will go back just to try the menu item he suggested just because I did not have room this time. The oysters were fantastic and the pork belly was amazing. Will totally go again.This place blew me away. Sometimes I find the newer, trendier restaurants in New Orleans to be wildly disappointing. However, Seaworthy exceeded my expectations. The drum was expertly cooked, the oysters were excellent, caviar pairings were unique and the dessert topped everything off nicely! I will definitely be back very soon. Happy hour is on my list of things to try!Amazing oysters!!! This a quaint seafood place with amazing service. Second time back was even better than the first.Amazing oysters, chill vibe, delicious drinks. Also their aprons are pretty cool. I loved the eggplant dish!Great food, great space good staff. It's new and they're still trying to figure some things out. For example, we had a dinner reservation for 6 and were put in the bar, at a tiny table and sat on stools. That's fine, but we should have been warned. Were we a bunch of fat or old people, we couldn't have eaten there. Service was also slow, but the staff is very friendly. I think it'll only get better with time.Great food in a perfect location and our server, Laree was exceptional!  Don't miss the Boudin, Oysters, or the Grillades and Grits!  Awesome spot just off the beaten path.Loved this place. Ambiance is vintage...they accommodated our request for cauliflower grits even though it wasn't on the brunch menu. The drinks were amazing everything freshly made by a mixologist. The pancakes and fried Brussel sprouts were my favorites but everything was delish. The service was very nice and accommodating. No complaints.Reviewer Melissa R's poor experience was unfortunately not an isolated incident. Our group of foodies -- half locals, half out-of-towners -- was disappointed with this much-buzzed about place. While the designer's done a nice job creating a feeling that you're in an old New Orleans bar (even though you aren't) the server was clueless and rude. Our group was mixed on the non-oysters food, with some thinking it was very good and others finding it over salted. The prices are for tourists. The New Orleanians almost fell over when we learned there are just a half dozen shrimp in the eat and peel app that sells for $14! No fewer than a dozen better restaurants within a 5 mile radius would serve two-times-plus for that price! My review gets three stars because it's a good looking place, worth a stop for a cocktail at the bar.Nice little spot with great food and ambiance. The way I would describe the flavors would be delicate yet satisfying.  The cocktails and dessert were on point as well.  I'd recommend making a reservation since the seat is limited.The gulf coast roll is deauxp. Laree is the best server by far and the oysters are also very nice and suitably wetttttThe cocktails are impressive and the food was fantastic!  I cant wait to go back again.  I read here that some were complaining that they couldnt take children.  It's a cozy comfortable atmosphere upstairs.  If they are older and well behaved it would be fine.  Downstairs is where the bar is though so I wouldnt advise it.  I wouldnt bring young children here.  Be sure to make a reservation!Charming environment in the front w good happy hour. Regular priced menu item of seafood roll and greens was tasty but left us hungry. Overall was too pricey and portions too small.The drum is definitely delicious. Pork belly is a must and surprisingly light. Great oyster selection and cocktails as well. The ceviche was nothing special. Overall, great food but left debating whether the overall experience was worth the price. Probably a 5 Star happy hour spotDelicious food. Wonderful service. Intimate setting.
Oysters 
Pork belly 
Holy waterCame here for the Happy Hour Oysters and ordered the chef's choice as well as a dozen gulf oysters.
The restaurant was empty upon arrival and we were promptly served our drinks and oysters. The restaurant itself isn't very large, it felt like one long room, but it was comfortable. The oysters were of decent freshness, but were not cleaned/shucked properly as some of the dirt/crusted parts of the shell made their way inside, which caused a small allergic reaction in the form of puffy lips. However, the sensation went away after 10 minutes and I was back to enjoying the setting and my first afternoon in New Orleans.Cozy and outside the craziness of the French quarter. We stopped in for the oyster hh and were not disappointed. A large selection of oysters and a very knowledgeable staff. Also great cocktails.  Would recommend!Late dinner last night at this new find. Wonderful! Sat outside on the most inviting patio or should I say courtyard. Service was excellent.  The food first rate!
Plump oysters. Short rib was exceptional. Drinks were quite good....try their punch. We had a marvelous time!Ordered half a dozen Massacre Bay oysters. They were creamy and sweet and left me wanting for more. Also ordered crab meat on toast which was smoky and exceptionally tasty. Totally recommend this place.One of the only places in New Orleans to get real New England oysters.  I personally enjoy the smaller, saltier oysters and seaworthy excels at those.  See picture for some of the varieties.  They have an oyster shucker at the bar, so I would recommend sitting downstairs to watch.  Great cocktails, too.THe was really really good. I had hanger steak and yellowfin tuna. All was delicious.  My friends had oysters and raves how delicious they were. Everything look wonderful.I've stopped in twice now and sat at the bar for snacks and cocktails. A good place to do so! Good set of appetizers and always enjoy some oysters.Great selection of oysters.   The bar staff is great. Good fun.  .the selections are fantastic.  This is what I would call a very upscale dive at toast at the bar.  Thanks for all the fun and great drinks.Hello, so so food...
Oysters kinda fishy 
I wouldn't go back if I had the choice.
Friendly staff, wooden bar vibe.Really want to like this place, but everytime I ordered a drink, an oyster or an entree... it took forever and they were out of seafood at a place called seaworthy! The pork belly is undercooked. Maybe it's new and doesn't have the provisioning together. Try the Holy water cocktail and the oyster are fresh. Maybe give it a try a little later when they can get it together. Cool vine.Friendly staff! The shrimp cocktail was mushy, overcooked and several weren't completely de-shelled and one was not cleaned properly. The server replaced the uncleaned shrimp immediately. The chef select raw oysters special was tasty.My son's redfish came out raw.  Not undercooked.  Raw like sushi.  You couldn't even cut into it bc it was so raw.  When we informed the waiter, he said;  "I'll get that out of your way." and left the table.   No:  "I'm sorry."  or  "Would you like something else?"  or a manager visit to our table.  I wasn't even sure if they were going to try and charge us for the raw redfish based on his response.  I had to ask him.  We left and had dessert elsewhere since my son basically did not get an entree.  I would have never written this review, but I emailed Seaworthy and they never responded or acknowledged my email.  The response from the higher ups in this company was about like our waiter's response to the raw fish.  Does anyone over there even care?  Seaworthy is not worthy of our dining dollars when we visit NOLA again.Cocktails and oysters - so good! 
It took quite a while to get the first round of drinks, but after that the service was good.
I have really liked all the appetizers, entrees, and sides I have had here.
I definitely recommend this place.Nice foods good cocktails and service very nice too. Here there are have oysters bar and test so good. Also all about foods we order is nice too.My favorites here were the roasted Brussels sprouts, the Gulf Coast Roll with their seasoned fries, and then wash it all down with a refreshing Sherman's cup.  The ceviche, fish fritters, and pork belly were ok. But let's talk about the fries. The fries are well seasoned and are to die for. Really cute spot for date night or to meet up with a group of friends.New Orleans native retired to Florida 2 years ago.  LOVED the variety of oysters.  Highly recommend everything on their menu.  Compliments to the Chef for the fish and compliments to the oyster procurer.  If you love seafood, especially oysters, check it out!Swanky but hip.  The bartenders are charming and look oh so smart in their blue denim aprons. Try the Sherman's Cup--it's Delish!!Such an amazing late night menu! So delicious. Homemade drinks were great. We got the chilled shrimp and pork belly. In a great location and the atmosphere was wonderful.This was a great find. It was a warm beautiful day and we wanted some cold oysters and cold wine. It hit the spot with half price happy hour oysters and wine. The oysters were fresh and properly shucked and they had respectable wines that were intentionally selected to pair well with oysters. My fiancé and I are General Manager and Beverage Director respectively at a fine dining restaurant so admittedly are snobs/harsh critics, but this place delivered. Will be back next time we are in NOLA.It was late and most places had stopped serving food. We rolled into the place about 15 minutes before the kitchen was closing. Waiter came over and took care of us to get our orders. The food came out and was exactly what we needed and very good. Looked like a great place for drinks as well. I would deffinately go back!Good Lord, can't they have some kind of salad on this menu. The seafood dishes were very good but they are severely lacking in salad and sides. The service was a bit pretentious. But again, the seafood dishes were creative and very good. Be ready to open up your checkbook! Atmosphere was French dirty chic, and I say that positively. Probably better for date night rather than girls night out.Seaworthy was one of our top choices for fresh oysters when we visited New Orleans recently. What's great about this spot is that they have a Late Night Specials Menu from 11:00 pm - 1:00 am that's not displayed on their site, as well as a huge variety of oysters to choose from. Plus, they were one of the few restaurants that were open till 2:00 am! 
Initially, we had stopped by during our first night in NOLA to meet up with friends, but was turned away around 12:30 am because the host for that night stated that the kitchen was closed - no food will be served - and no seats were available. We saw that there were a couple of seats open at the bar. After we had left, we noticed she had actually turned a lot of folks after us away. She probably wanted to ensure that she goes home on time. 
We decided to give this spot a second try. Service upon our second visit was wonderful. Got seats at the bar. Got to sample a variety of small dishes and shared a dozen Massacre Island oysters from Dauphin Island. Thanks to our wonderful server / bartender at the bar for making it amazing; she made delicious drinks too. Bumping this up to 4 stars.Make seaworthy a stop along your New Orleans food pilgrimage...you will not be disappointed. 
We stopped for oysters to eat at the bar last night and stayed for one more item on the menu after one more item on the menu. Drinks were exceptional service friendly and efficient and food balanced with traditional New Orleans flavors/ingredients with the gentle touch of a talented chef.Great food.  We had oysters, crab claws, eggplant toasts, Shrimp and crab rolls, creme brulee with beignets. All were very good, except the brulee, too sweet.  Will return again.Awesome spot! Oysters were amazing and super fresh . small and quaint spece. Good drinks and food. Definitely will be back next time I'm in New OrleansWould make this 4.5 if we could! Overall, cool spot in the CBD. Very seafood heavy menu (as the name of the restaurant implies). Mostly small plates, good wine list and cocktails and great service. We shared about 7 dishes for a group of 4. All of the fish large plates were delicious. Peel and eat shrimp appetizer and the ceviche were both excellent - would order again. Will go back again!I loved trying oysters from other parts of the US. The gulf coast is still our favorite, but we really enjoyed the entire dozen from assorted locations. The smoked cobia and lump crab toast were to die for. We also got homemade ginger ale because we had stomach aches, and it definitely settled our stomachs, although they're pretty strong tasting, so beware! I had a coffee beer on tap, and it was delicious. Josiah was excellent, and the building is so cozy and charming! We'll be back.Seaworthy is a nicer, hipster restaurant. I went there to celebrate an anniversary and it was the perfect location. To start off, their cocktails are amazing and unique. I had the elderberry margarita (pictured) which was amazing. For dinner we shared the cauliflower grits which was surprisingly great. It had a nice, subtle season on it. I ordered the Black Drum which had such great flavor of pesto/herbs and was the perfect amount of food. The vegetables were really fresh. I need to go back for their happy hour and to try the oysters!Unique takes on NOLA and gulf coast classics. Especially liked the calamari in spicy ink sauce. If possible, sit upstairs near a window to enjoy the view.Love this place!!! Every bit from the service to the food! Every bit! It is scenic i and very good for a night out or a date date. I will definitely be back!Oysters were delicious! Had about 2 dozen, 4 different varieties, all amazing and incredibly fresh! The rest of the menu was not so appealing. Was really looking forward to trying the blue crab toast which looked delicious and seemed to be pretty popular here on Yelp, waitress said there's a new chef, new menu and it's no longer available. So don't get your hopes up, everything else seemed... meh... so it was champagne and oysters for us! Definitely amazing but I was expecting more!My sister and I stopped in for a drink and some raw oysters, and it was well worth the stop! On our visit to New Orleans, we visited most of the restaurants on Thrillists's "best oysters in New Orleans" list and these were definitely our favorite. Small space with low light and a charming atmosphere.I'd give it closer to 4.5 stars. Really cool atmosphere at this place and almost enjoyed that as much as the meal itself! Oysters were spensive but the variety was impressive so it is understandable. We got a variety of oysters from every region and ended up liking the gulf oysters the most which of course were significantly cheaper than the rest. The main dishes were very good but didnt leave as much of an impression on me as GW Fins had done the night before, still very good.Great ambiance, glad there open late. Even though it was a weekday, very busy. Food was amazing, we ordered the ceviche and pork belly. My husband ordered raw oysters, super fresh, served over ice was perfect. Out cocktails were also yummy. I don't remember the name of mine. To finish we got the creme brûlée with beignets. We love going to the city, will defiantly be back.Somehow my brother came across this restaurant and celebrated his Girlfriend's bday here with a small and cozy dinner. I called ahead to ask if candles were available to add to the desert at the end of out meal and sibg happy bday...but we will get to that later. We started off with 5 small dishes so we could try a little bit of everything. We had the Ceviche, which was perfectly balanced in flavor and was bot overwhelmed with chopped onions, tomato and cilantro. It was more of a minched conbination of the veggies with lime and fresh tasting fish (I cannot stand seafood tasting of sand and seawater) we also had the Pork belly which was cooked beautifully cooked and dressed with this delicous ricotta sauce and peaches!! Amazing! We added 3 more amazing small dishes, including a Lemon Fish, the brandade and the crab toast. These 5 small dishes were AMAZING! ... we continued to order and chose bigger dishes. We had the the Clams, which had an amazing Caribbean coconut milk taste to them, and the Rice...which everyone HASSS to try and we also had the peel and eat shrimp! Niceley cleaned and seasoned ready to peellll shrimp. We finished off with a fluffy cheese cake which we sang happy brithday with because the stafg was awesome and added the candle to finish on a delicious note! I will definitely spread the word and return to eat there!
 Everyone is so nice and the atmosphere is great and cozy!... the only thing that confused me at first was the unmatchy plates and silverware ...but I think it's part of the theme and charm of thia cute restaurant! They also have a good drink beer and wine menu. 
Tootles!More than a little turned off by the customer at the next table with her dog in her lap. I've seen dogs on outdoor patios at restaurants before, but this was a first for a non-service animal. Service was very slow. We opted to only have drinks due to slow service, but they do have a great selection of oysters.Food was ok, wine was good (red wine was ice cold(?)), service was fine. Hostess was rude. It left a bad taste in my mouth. MehWe arrived at about 10:30 PM on a week day and the place was half empty. We ordered some snacks and the food took forever. They had ran out of the beer I wanted. Not worth the hype. I am not returning.Earn your sea legs and then some!!!  My new favorite seafood restaurant in NOLA.  Our barkeeps at the hotel recommended Seaworthy along with another restaurant that we ate at 2 nights ago.  We arrived on a Sunday night without reservations and it was not an issue to be seated.  There is a cute upstairs area where we were seated by a window and although there was only one other table seated when we arrived, the area quickly filled.  There is a great cocktail menu and we had redfish and scallops off the dinner menu.  The scallops are amazing!   Without comparison the best scallops I have ever had.  The waiter had recommended them when I was choosing between 2 items and had said the scallops were his favorite thing on the menu. Great waitstaff too!   I highly recommend and can't wait to go back on my next trip!