Seed is the Mecca for Vegans in New Orleans. Everything is farm fresh and vegan. They take a great pride in locally sourcing all of their ingredients from Louisiana farmers. Likewise they have taken great effort to recreate vegan versions of popular New Orleans dishes like gumbo and poboys. 
You will love the clean and bright surroundings that further the idea of purity of food that Seed tries to present in its branding. 
My personal favorites:
The Baudin - a spicy whiskey drink that gives you a soft burn all the way down. 
The Gumbo - a delicious dark roux gumbo which perfectly recreated the best chicken and sausage gumbo I have ever had. 
The Southern Fried Poboy - these delicious fried tofu balls when topped with one of the amazing homemade sauces (ask for them) it is as good or better than any shrimp poboy in town (except for the ones from Parkway Bakery.)A+ for service and food. This place is super healthy and delicious. I started a raw food cleanse and was craving something sweet. I called and spoke to someone who was not only helpful but was super encouraging.Awsome place , amazing service and the food ... OMG , delicious the chili fries were delishGreat service. I recommend the Tofu Nuggets with the queso sauce. Also, the Seed Club was delicious! Great atmosphere and friendly staff!Revisited Seed and had another amazing experience. The bartender, Chris, was fabulous and made amazing drinks!I'd been meaning to check this place out for awhile. It's a little smaller than I expected although the ambience is nice, open and bright.   Also- I've been a pescatarian for about two years, and it's nice to pick up a menu in which everything is an option. 
The wait staff is efficient and friendly, the food is very good. I've had some iffy vegan food and this is some good stuff. The eggplant was thinly sliced and fried, the chili was flavorful and the raw ice-cream is made from bananas and has great texture and flavor. 
It's a little pricey, but I'll likely find myself here again.Every time I visit NOLA, I make sure to stop by Seed, even if it is only for takeout. I've eaten off of their brunch and lunch menu several times and I have yet to order something I've been disappointed by. For brunch, the nuevos rancheros with spicy hash are fantastic because the spice on the potatoes goes well with the hearty black beans and corn. I also love the Seed Breakfast because the tofu is covered in Nutritional Yeast which gives it that exceptionally cheesy quality. 
For lunch I have ordered a variety of things, but I always recommend going with a friend and ordering a handful of appetizers to split. You'll be satisfied and you'll get to try a little of everything. 
All the staff at Seed is great and super friendly. I can't recommend this place enough!not a vegan, not even vegetarian, but i crave eating something i know to be both tasty and good for me.
enchiladas are not enchiladas, they are raw vegan enchiladas.  i thought the ingredients list made it pretty clear what would be in them (other posters must have glossed over that), and they were great.  accompanying salad with toasted pumpkin seeds was also killer.  
pad thai and veggie spaghetti were both good, but not as good as the enchiladas.  they are served cold, with zucchini or squash replacing noodles, so make sure you know that going in.
my wife is from lake charles, and thru her and Pop i've learned a thing or two about gumbo over the last decade.... the flavor that Seed gets WITHOUT any meat is flat-out incredible.  i liked the veggie sausage that you could add, but it wasn't necessary.  decent gumbo is actually hard to find in new orleans, and i'd add this to the 5 or so places i'll order it.Okayyyyyy. First of all the Poboy is SO GOOD. Also the chocolate avocado milkshake. I plan to come back and try everything. Places like these make the journey to veganism so much more exciting. Thank you thank you. 
Tip to management:offer metal straws instead of plastic ones. Go big or go home right!!I can't express how thankful I am that this restaurant exists. Bourbon Street is fun & all but a little bit goes a very long way. The location of Seed was perfect because it was just outside the hectic city limits in a more quaint neighborhood. Walking in to the clean and very comfortable space was for sure the most I had felt like myself since being in New Orleans. Everything on their menu is vegan which makes my life so much easier. The menu also had an impressive selection, highlights being organic, locally sourced, house made, nola flavors, fresh juices, cocktails and build-your-own or customizable dishes. Every person I encountered who worked there was very kind, helpful and attentive. I will certainly come back next time I'm in New Orleans.It's nice as a person who is lactose intolerant not to have to worry about food with dairy! I recommend this place if you're looking for something light to eat or even something soulful. I had the gumbo and it wasn't far off from other gumbos I've had! Absolutely delicious :) hats off to the chefs! Also great customer serviceService was awesome! Food was delicious! Loved nuggets! Bbq sauce amazing! Nachos were delicious! Will come back!The po boy and Mac and cheese were awesome!! Thought it was going to be a challenge finding vegan food in NO, ended up being very vegan friendly city and seed is definitely one of our to choices!!Holy crap this place is amazing!!! I went with 1 friend, we spent under $50 including tax & tip, left incredibly painfully full after splitting chili cheese fries, fried tofu nuggets with buffalo sauce and ranch dressing, club sandwich with zucchini salad, mac & cheese, and... Beignets!!!!
Everything was out of this world except the mac & cheese, which wasn't cheesy. 
Next time I want to try something else, but I don't know if I'll be able to resist the chili cheese fries and beignets. 
Whatever you do, you must try the beignets!!!
I was worried with a name like Seed that it would be all super vegetably healthy vegan food. Not the case. There are plenty of salads and other raw items including enchiladas, but amazing amounts of comfort food like eggplant poboys and BBQ sandwiches!!!
Go to this place!!!!!!!!!!
Vegan heaven in New Orleans!!!!I had the Southern Poboy with tofu. I had to take another look at the tofu in this awesome sandwich after I tried it to make sure it was really tofu. I'd never had tofu with that crunchy breaking before, but they did a great job preparing this! It also came with seasoned potatoes that were amazing! I was a little short on time and they were able to prepare a take out order for me very quickly! I saw mango lassi on their menu, so I definitely want to come back! There's also a vegan boutique next door. It was so refreshing being able to order anything on the menu without thinking or asking if it had animal products!So nice to come back to NOLA after a 2 year break and to find so many more places to eat! Seed was great  - we had the Caesar Salad (great, but keep it more traditional), breads and spreads and chilli cheese fries. Yummy!My friend and I got here around 7 on a Tuesday and it wasn't busy at all. We got seated right away at a table by the window; our server was really friendly and had great recommendations. The AC was going HAM. We got the mango lassi and house root beer to drink, the fried tofu nuggets to start, and a half order of the gumbo plus the eggplant po boy. Everything was DELICIOUS. The nuggets got to be a bit filling because there are 10 of them, but we definitely still finished. We got them with the buffalo sauce and it was awesome; I added a little more hot sauce because I'm a freak for spice but it tasted delicious either way and was my first vegan buffalo sauce after 6 years of being vegan! The gumbo came with rice and was filling and delicious. Po boy might have been my favorite of all though. The sauce was so good and I love eggplant and red pepper together. Can't wait to come backReally great healthier food when I needed a break from the heavy new Orleans eating. Great staff and decent prciesOK. I have been to "seed" (all lowercase) TWICE. The first time I was on a raw diet. That was cool because at seed (all lowercase) you can get raw stuff. It's very expensive. But, it's good, and it's flavorful, and it's raw. That's not why I'm writing this review, though. Keep reading.
Today, we went to seed (all lowercase) for breakfast/ brunch (it was 9:30 a.m. You tell me.) and we ordered a cup of coffee, and that is a normal thing to order at breakfast OR brunch. It was good coffee. It was fun to watch the coconut milk swirl to the top of the coffee. We were feeling good about the coffee. I knew I needed six cups of coffee, LIKE ANY NORMAL PERSON IN THE MORNING AT A RESTAURANT. "seed" (all lowercase) WOULD NOT REFILL THE COFFEE FOR FREE. It was a $3 charge to get more coffee. That's INSANE. Too bad, because the food was GREAT, and we LOVED IT and wanted to eat it joyfully. It was full of great flavors and dripped with luscious flakes of love. Or whatever, I mean it was really good. But we couldn't enjoy it 100% because I couldn't justify spending three more dollars on more coffee. Would it really cost that much to offer coffee that was bottomless, like any self-respecting brunch restaurant? Look. I don't want "seed" to close. There have been a lot of vegan restaurants in New Orleans that have been fated to close because of stupid shit like this. Why can't these restaurants just be NORMAL about stuff like coffee?
IS IT CLEAR THAT THE FOOD IS EXCELLENT?! IT IS!!!! JUST MAKE THE COFFEE BOTTOMLESS!!!!!! THEN WE WILL COME BACK FOR BRUNCH!!!!!!!!!!!!! FREQUENTLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Honestly, the food is a good deal for the brunch. It was not too expensive and the portions were really big. (Generous, says my partner, who is lying near me and agrees with EVERYTHING I HAVE PUT SO FAR). But I can't go  back without knowing that there is bottomless morning coffee.
"seed" owner: If you read this, and are convinced by my argument, please send me a message and I will come back to your restaurant and drink your bottomless coffee and spend $100. Maybe. I mean I'll spend a bunch of money.
OK, also chili cheese are off the chain, and those pancakes are seriously amazing. Like, AMAZING.The concept of Seed was exactly what we were looking for in NOLA. We wanted to try vegetarian/vegan food that still had the essence of New Orleans flavor and cuisine.
For dinner we ordered the Artichoke Cakes, Southern Fried Poboy, and the raw carrot cupcake.
I liked the artichoke cakes the best, which are supposed to be a take on crab cakes. They were crispy and the sauce had a mild kick. The Fried Poboy was bland but was definitely filling (carbo load). The raw carrot cupcake was a "Miss" for me. I was expecting something in cupcake form but it ended up looking and tasting a bit like sweetened baby food. I'd skip this next time and get a juice instead.
Seed probably would have been 5 stars except for the fact that service was extremely slow. We waited over 15 minutes before someone took our order and kept having to flag someone down for everything (dessert order, the check etc).
Overall though, I still had a net positive experience at Seed and I would come back again to try their other dishes.I love Seed! Very delicious vegan options. The drinks are good too. Friendly service. It's a great place to grab a casual weeknight dinner. I really enjoyed the three bean chili (a little spicy, which I love) and roasted carrot and avocado salad. It's so nice to have a restaurant with healthy, plant-based options. I highly recommend Seed.The food is great but they keep skimping us, i keep ordering the eggplant Poboy and it's tiny with only 3-4 thin strips of eggplant, and the "side salad" or whatever that comes with it gets smaller everytime. And that pad Thai, it's tasty, but it's literally just julienned cucumber and carrot with a peanut based sauce. All cheap ingredients--so someone tell me why THE FUCK it's 15 dollars and the serving is put in a tiny container that could fit in one hand?!? Fuck this place.Liked the place for choices of the Menu and also the Local Louisiana Delicacies. I am a vegetarian so I liked the idea of a Vegan place to have dinner. Ordered Gumbo Cup, Fried Nuggets and Eggplant Poboy. All very good and portions were decent. Liked the place over all.Great tasting vegan food! This coming from a hardcore non vegetarian person is a true compliment!!!Great service.  I had the nachos and they were awesome.  Great drink menu as well. I had to Dooryard Barn with gin instead of vodka and it was heaven.I'm pretty new to vegan food, but I had such incredible food here. Tofu Po-boy is awesome as is the pad thai. 
Excellent service, very friendly :)
I think the Carrot Cake was the best for me- it was so delicious and it was guilt free ;)Finally a vegetarian restaurant where the food taste good and they don't solely rely on mushroom and/or tofu. 
It was beautifully presented, taste great and the waiter was really friendly. 
I had artichoke cakes which were flavored perfectly and the 3 bean chilli. They taste great. My, dare I say it, meat eating husband also left feeling full and happy on a vegetarian menu. He's from Texas so you can imagine that doesn't happen much with vegetarian meals. 
The only downside to this is I also live in Texas and there is no Seed here!Best real coffee house in Boca.  The place I go when I want to sip my excellent coffee, read a book, or engage in conversation.  Delicious smoothies and baked goods as well.Excellent low-key dining. Food tasted wonderful--had the polenta and beignets for dessert, both were excellent. The vegan poboy I ordered for later wasn't quite as amazing, the breaded soy didn't know my socks off but was still decent--probably the best you can do for a vegan take on local cuisine.
Small restaurant, casual atmosphere. Good service.Amazing vegan restaurant if you find yourself in New Orleans this is a must to try!!!Awesome vegan spot. I love the nuggets, nachos and all the sandwiches,but my favorite is the eggplant pomodoro. It's so tasty.Delicious vegan food. Lovely,  lovely staff. Beautiful minimalist decor with warm messages. Will return for mock crab cakes!Excellent qualty , top qualty ingredients but very expensive--grilled cheese, salad and tea 25.00! Plus tax and tip.Such a great place for vegan comfort food! I'm not vegan by any means but have been trying to discover more places with healthier menu items (with healthy-ish indulgences) and Seed seemed like the perfect spot when I was in NOLA. I ordered the chili cheese fries and artichoke cakes... they were both great but I highly recommend the artichoke cakes as a starter. Delish! I also tried the Dooryard Bloomer cocktail and it was pretty good! Overall, I loved the clean decor and parking was very easy on a Sunday at lunch. I'd definitely recommend to anyone who likes good food and wants to try a vegan spot!Disappointed almost entirely with Seed, especially after going to so many great places in New Orleans. The nachos and eggplant poboy were recommended. We got the nachos, which had a very underwhelming amount of toppings. Almost half the chips were left with nothing to dip them in. Still hungry, I ordered the eggplant poboy, which came with about 3 thin strips of eggplant, lettuce and sauce. For $11, a vegan poboy should be loaded with veggies and sauces. This was about 98% bread. Totally skimped out.
The food tasted alright, but it was way overpriced for the amount given. The location was nice and the service was fine, but I will literally never come back here, especially with so many other amazing vegan options in town (Good Karma, Killer Poboys, Bennachin, Carmo, 13, and many more).
If the meals were half the price I still probably wouldn't go back, but at least I wouldn't feel ripped off.I'd give this place 1.5 stars but I'm choosing not to round up. So 1 star and its for the service because it was good.
But oh boy does NOLA need to learn a thing or two about vegan dining. This place was a parody of what folks with no knowledge of vegan cuisine would imagine. Regular dishes with vegan substitutes. Very unimaginative. And the food was bland and boring. I kept wanting to punch myself in the face because I felt like such a poser hipster just even existing in that space.
Never again.Vegetarian gumbo was great so was the Egg plant Poboy once you take out some of the bread. The Mac and Cheese was gooooood so was the southern fried nuggets with the barbecue sauce pay the extra $1 it's worth it. The vegan beignets were get seamed more chewy than a regular beignets, but a good chewy. All in all great restaurant I am vegetarian and my friends who are meet eaters also enjoyed there meals.Food was delicious! Ordered the BBQ sandwich and the Seed Club. The staff was very friendly. Our waitress was prompt and attentive. We will definitely be back to continue trying the rest of the menu lol.While I definitely can appreciate vegan, this is more of my wife's kinda food.
That being said we got the nachos and were disappointed with the amount of toppings vs nachos on the plate. My wife didn't really care for her cocktail and my food was just ok. 
I do think it's great that the city is getting more healthy food choices!If you are in New Orleans do yourself a favor and check out Seed. It was so good we had to stop by again and almost missed our flights home!
First impressions did not disappoint. The restaurant is so cute and small. Everything from the outside seating area to the bathrooms were very clean and well taken care of. 
The first time we went we shared the Southern fried nuggets and the nachos. We also got the Eggplant Po Boy, the Seed Club Sandwich, and the beignets. I enjoyed the nachos but they did kind of skimp on the nacho cheese but I would still say they're worth ordering. The nuggets were delicious little fried tofu pieces that came with a yummy sauce (we chose to get both the buffalo and aioli and mix them together), the batter they use is really good but even though they are fried they are not crispy. If you want something on the lighter side I would definitely recommend the Seed Club as it is very light and doesn't have too much flavor but still good. The eggplant po boy is so full of flavor and is crazy filling! Probably the best way I have ever had fried eggplant. 
The second time we decided to start out with the artichoke cakes, southern fried po boy, a special they had called the seed burger, and the beignets again. The artichoke cakes were my favorite appetizer, they were so good I could have eaten 10 more, everyone should try these. The seed burger was good, but nothing special. We added a side of nacho cheese to the burger which helped but again, nothing you couldn't easily make at home. The Southern fried po boy was great, although I do think they should add more sauces. Finally those beignets. Holy smokes those beignets. I will dream about them until I am able to return to NOLA. 
Over all everything was great and the staff was very kind. Even if you're not that hungry stop in and get the artichoke cakes and some beignets. 10/10 would come again!My vegetarian (no seafood either) brother and sister-in-law came to visit this weekend and until then I hadn't realized how hard it is for one to eat in this food crazy town!  I found Seed on yelp and happened to go on their opening night.  Despite normal first night hiccups I have no complaints and neither did my guests, they were so happy with the food and raved about the seitan, country fried nuggets, and gumbo!  This meat eater will be back!Me and my boyfriend stopped here for a quick lunch and we were pleasantly surprised. I'm vegan and he is not but he eats vegan with me from time to time ( eventually my hope is for him to transition)  Anyways.. server was friendly we were promptly seated. I love how Seed looks! It's a very charming, relaxing place. We got the nachos(BOMB) , some kind of coconut cheesecake along with the chili dogs.I LOVED all of the food and there was hardly any to take away.My non vegan sweetheart loved the food also! Even though he wasn't a big fan of the vegan chili dog he enjoyed everything else and we will be sure to come back! This is now a favorite spot of mine.Pleasantly surprised to find this restaurant while visiting New Orleans. Bright, clean seating room where we dined at a communal table with tall stools. Since I was in LA, I had the gumbo which was spectacular. Hearty, smoky flavor. I'll probably search high and low for a recipe to replicate. I also had the roasted carrot spinach salad which if you like sweet, maple glaze was great, but just ok for me since I'm into savory flavors. Friends had the sweet potato and mushroom pate medallions, Seed breakfast, enchiladas and blueberry pancakes. Only disappointment was the enchiladas since it was pretty much a deconstructed salad. My friend who ordered it said he was still hungry after lunch. The Standard juice was also delicious - beets, carrot, ginger and lemon. Good and good for you!On a recent visit to NOLA, I quickly got tired of the touristy areas (and minimal vegetarian options) and ventured around town on foot. I came across Seed and I'm still smiling about their southern fried tofu nuggets!!! Crispy, great texture and flavor. Strawberry ginger almond milk smoothie was equally delicious. Staff was genuinely pleasant, kind, helpful, and made the experience one of my favorite parts of the city. Wish I could eat at Seed everyday!What a wonderful place.  I am not a vegan, not even a vegetarian, but I LOVED this place.  The food was so delicious, the staff outstanding, and the prices so reasonable.  It is obvious that they care a lot about the quality and taste of their food.  Loved the Cream of Cauliflower Soup and the eggplant po-boy.  For dessert the raw carrot cupcake was amazing!Holy moly!  This food was so good!  I'm pretty sure we ordered the entire menu post Ironman 70.3.  It was just the type of recovery meal my husband needed.  My kids chowed down on the grilled cheese and loved it.  Every bite was savored.It is hard to find good vegetarian/vegan food in the area, but this is the best of the best. The food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and the atmosphere is great. The tofu nuggets and the eggplant poboy are musts, but everything I have had so far has been delicious. I would say the only real problems are some of their portions are off and the seating is uncomfortable. Other than that, they are great.Wow, top 5 best Vegan food I've eaten. Highly recommend if you're in the NOLA area. The Nachos, Eggplant Poboy, and Beignets were AMAZING! Try this restaurant now..I have been a meat eater since birth. I have tried vegan and vegetarian food, all of which was not that tasty compared to the counterparts. The nachos were on point and the food was delicious.For New Orleans, this is as good as it gets for healthy food.... thus 5 stars.  But if you've ever had this style of food on the east or west coast... prepare to be underwhelmed.   
I don't understand why every G.D. restaurant in this town feels the need to "Creole" or " Cajun" every goddamn plate of food they send out!  
Newsflash: somethings are not meant to be New Orleans-inized.  Save you Zatarain's and just make something taste good for the love of God!!!!Awesome food totally exceeded my expectations, nice ambience and organic condiments :) Definitely I recommend the tofu nuggets (which tasted more like vegan fried cheese bites), the coconut burger, and the eggplant po'boy. Sandwich could've been warmer with bread toasted more, but otherwise all perfect!Great little find during our short trip to New Orleans. This place was right across from our hotel which was extremely convenient. I really enjoyed the different assortment of vegan eats. Would totally recommend the artichoke cakes as an appetizer and the cheesecake for dessert. The avocado margarita was surprisingly good. The ambiance is nice and cozy. It is a small restaurant so keep on mind that youll be sitting a little closer to people but everyone is friendly there.Was living in New Orleans for a bit over a year and Seed was definitely one of my favorites! I actually only ordered from them via food delivery apps for quite some time before I finally visited the restaurant. The ambiance inside is very nice and simplistic. The coconut burger is my absolute fav. The desserts are 10/10. The chocolate mousse is my favorite and I had a seasonal cheesecake from them one time during Christmas time that was even better. Would recommend anyone who is vegan in town visiting to give this place a try!I'm only giving this one star because you can't give zero. We walked in and sat down and they gave us time to look over the menu. Then after ten minutes the server comes back to list everything they were "out of", which was 80% of the menu and of course, all the things I wanted to try. We were clearly disappointed and settled for getting beignets to go and got charged $7 for some stale and cold excuses for beignets. It was an awful experience and such poor customer service. Had we been treated better we would give them a second chance but they clearly don't value their customers.Liking vegan food, for me this was a could not miss in NOLA. It was just as incredible as expected. I came on my own for brunch and everything was fantastic. The food, the service and overall vibe was perfect. Loved the "chicken" nuggets and eggplant po boy. Yummy!We ordered the artichoke cakes, Parthia raw and burger and we liked all
Of them. I can't say I would survive on eating just he Parthai. It tasted really good and I loved that there was no ice in my water. the interior design is cool and full
Of light and staff is friendly.How is it possible that a 2-week running vegan restaurant can compete with the best of Philly and New York alike (candle 79, blossom, vedge)? I don't know, but it's true. Try the fried tofu and order multiple dipping sauces: all great. Highly recommend their juices as well. Great service, worth the trek. If you're vegetarian or vegan, you'd be nuts not to find your way here on your next Nola vacay.As a lifelong vegetarian, I was in New Orleans wanting to try classic southern food but without the real meat. Seed was a welcome sight. We had the southern fried poboy and the gumbo. They were both good but I didn't get the really southern flavoring I was looking for. The juices and smoothies were healthy and yummy. I would go back and try some other things and if you need a break from the heavy and unhealthy food New Orleans is famous for, check Seed out.They get two stars for the stingy portions.  And for using frozen crinkle cut french fries! The food is good, but for what they charge per plate I would expect them to be a little more generous with the portions.  
The customer service is awful here.  On my first visit, the female waitress was very inattentive!  She didn't bother asking me if I wanted water and after taking my order she finally asked me what I wanted to drink.  It also bugged me that she apologized for forgetting about me because "everyone walked in at once".  Seriously?  It was not busy when I was there, so for her to give me an excuse for lousy service, that lousy waitress deserved the 15 cent tip that I left her!  
Here's a tip, Work on you service skills!!!This place is amazing! Great food, awesome service and amazing prices. For dinner, I split the eggplant po boy and cheese fries with a friend, and she also got the creole gumbo. Everything was delicious, which means something, since most of time I don't consider food a meal unless it has meat. But everything was soooo good, and I was full when I walked out. I'll definitely be back!Their BBQ sandwich is THE TITS (incredible). Never have I wanted a recipe so badly in my life (and the coconut chips, oh lord). This coming from someone raised on good 'ol, down home Southern BBQ. Also, try the Po boy if you're really looking for something that's gonna stick to your ribs. The service was wonderful as well and there were a number of other things on the menu that I am eager to go back and try.Seed is a great stop for vegans in New Orleans. The food has a higher-end feel but the space is relatively casual. The staff was very friendly and helpful when I could not choose what to eat!
The tofu po' boy has really awesome, flavorful, battered tofu chunks. For me, it would have been a ton of bread to eat but my partner had no problem with it. He also got a side of really tasty mac n cheese.
I ordered the gumbo and really enjoyed being able to try this regional dish. It was tasty! I also tried the zucchini wraps. Although I thought it was delicious and healthy - with cashew cheese inside each wrap and plenty of salad greens - the odd part was the sriracha-based sauce that was liberally applied to the plate. There is plenty of flavor without that added intensity.
I would happily go back to try the vegan beignets, other desserts, and the brunch!Best health food in the city. Everything on the menu is vegan, even the nuggets! The  bartender is comparable to Tom Cruise in the movie Cocktail and the beet Salad is better than anything Dr. Dre could make.This place is kind of hit or miss. The po boys they have are amazing. The artichoke cakes and the chocolate mousse is great, coconut burger is very good. The ambiance is great. Service was a little poor last time I was here. A little overpriced. The rest of the menu is not so great in my experience. It's nice to have a fully vegan restaurant in New Orleans though so that is why I am giving 4 stars.Surprisingly good! I'm not vegan or vegetarian, so I was a little apprehensive, but my waitress did a great job of guiding me to some good options on the menu. I ordered the artichoke cakes and gumbo, and they were both delicious. I appreciated that neither was trying to be something it wasn't - in other words, neither had ingredients that were meant to simulate animal proteins. The artichoke cakes had a lovely, crispy exterior and creamy interior, and they looked a little like crab cakes, but tasted more like artichoke dip. The gumbo tasted more like a thick, tomato soup than a seafood or chicken gumbo. They were both really enjoyable. I enjoyed the healthy meal!Great Southern/creole style vegan food. I went here four times during my stay. I loved being able to try authentic vegan gumbo and po boys. Their beignets were very good too, and not overly greasy. I went here with non-vegetarians too and they enjoyed the food also. The salad dressings, sauces and mayos were all really tasty. Seed is definitely worth going out of the way for if you're vegan or vegetarian and staying in New Orleans.Seed is a vegan restaurant. The menu is exciting and the food was delicious . We will certainly revisit this restaurant when we are back in NOLA.This place is SO good! Lots of fresh raw options, along with veganized NOLA staples like gumbo and poboys. Super quick service and lovely atmosphere. Loved it!I was visiting for a conference and there are not many plant based options in this town.  I found Seed on Yelp and it was also mentioned to me by a server in the bar of my hotel.  I Ubered over very excited to try more authentic New Orleans cuisine done plant based.  Sadly, I was totally let down.  I got the eggplant po-boy, which was very dry and had no flavor at all.  The eggplant itself may have been an OK side or appetizer with some sort of dip, but it was too dry to put on a big hunk of dry bread.  I could not even eat it.  The service was also not good at all!  The server seemed bothered by me being there to order a meal, no suggestions when I asked her, no water refills, just really did not care.  The only reason I'm awarding 2 starts is I finally got to try beignets, they were really good and the decor was pleasant.Went to Seed for the first time tonight and I was actually impressed. Ordered the nuggets and they were crispy on the outside and deliciously seasoned. The sauces were spot on. Also ordered a drink, but asked for a modification. Note to self: don't modify the drink. It would have been great as it was. For dessert, the beignets were spot on! Got to sample the mousse and the carrot cupcake and enjoyed them both. The only thing is that the carrot cupcake really had a lot of ginger in it. Other than that, the atmosphere was fabulous, the food was good and I will definitely be going back to Seed in the future :)They do vegan and they do it well. Pro-tip: Order the tofu nuggets, you'll thank me later.Very good food, especially the artichoke cake and gumbo. Vegan food prepared in New Orleans style was a nice twist.  Kale salad needs work, however.  The Greens need to be massaged before serving to bring out flavor.  Stingy with sun-dried tomatoes and garbanzo beans on build your own salad.  Raw carrort cupcake appeared to be pureed carrots.  Not worth $5.50!  Customer service was OK.  Very pricey$$$$ considering the portion sizes.went for brunch there for the first time and couldn't have been happier. the place was very clean with plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. the staff was super friendly and attentive. now the food.... the food was amazing!! had the southern fried nuggets and waffle and it was perfect. though it is solely vegan food, even my meat eater fiancé loved his meal. i highly recommend it to vegans and meat eaters alike.I'm a vegan of 12+ years with tons of allergies (dairy, tree nuts, etc.), and an out-of-towner so that's the perspective you're getting here.
Which means, I know my shit as far as vegan restaurants.
First, the reviews saying this place is too pricy- you have to understand the factors that go into that. First, the food you source will be more expensive because there's not the demand, or the abundance as factory farm meat, and often the owner sources from reputable places and chooses organic options. That drives the food cost up considerably. Secondly, the demand for vegan food isn't anywhere near the demand for omnivorous food, so having a smaller customer base but keeping your doors open makes it so you have to either compromise on cost or quality. Not sure about y'all, but I'll always choose a place that opts for quality. Lastly, since it is a niche market and customers are clearly willing to pay their prices, why would they lower them? This isn't fast food, and I hope the prices mean the staff gets a living wage.
Ok, enough ranting. On to my review!
Be still my vegan heart guys- this place is awesome. I'm in town for a conference and just assumed I'd be microwaving Amy's meals in my hotel (you know, like a cool kid), considering NOLA food tends to be heavy on either meat or dairy. Discovering this place 15 mins walking (or cheap uber ride) distance from my hotel was fate. The menu is extensive, the servers are polite and helpful (I asked one about how safe it would be to walk alone to a brewery nearby and got an honest answer), and my meal was bomb. I got the fried tofu nugget things and waffle. The nuggets were tofu done WELL (fellow veggie people know tofu it hit or miss depending on the chef), didn't have too much batter-to-tofu ratio, and was seasoned in a way where it had a pleasant kick that contrasted nicely with the sweetness of the syrup. The waffles were light and tasty! My mimosa was 99% bubbly, which is freakin' awesome. When I wimped out halfway through they offered to add more fresh squeezed OJ and put it in a to-go cup.
Which leads me to my embarrassing moment of having raised my voice a little too much in surprise when I said, "holy crap you can drink in the streets here!!!" (Duh Tairi, what did I think Mardi Gras was.)
After sounding like an idiot, I paid and walked to the cute vegan boutique next door sipping my mimosa and wondering when I'll ever not embarrass myself in new situations.
10/10 would joyfully yell obvious facts at a server here again.Good place to have some fresh and healthy dinner. The bartender was super nice, waitresses working super great. Tried a couple apps and an entree, had some wine, and a great experience. A necessary spot in New Orleans. The bar was a great juice bar with alcohol, the tofu was super yummy, and alrhough I would have made a few adjustments in the menu, thats personal. Thanks for some great dinner and drinks!As I find more and more vegan options coming up in the city I notice their service and at times the quality of the dishes are lacking. You can't rely on being the only vegan place in NOLA anymore. At the start of service the waitstaff is great but then when they are done serving food they seem to almost forget about their tables and I've spent 10+ minutes after finishing my food waiting for a check as everyone avoids eye contact. I'll just keep ordering to go items and hope they don't forget the side with my sandwich or avacado on my taco salad again.It was a sunny Sunday, and a perfect day to walk over and check out my new neighbor. I was the first in my group to arrive, and after observing the groups at the other tables, I turned on my heels to leave. See, I feel if you're a restaurant or bar owner and none of your patrons are smiling, laughing or giving a vibe of conviviality, then something's amiss. 
We sat down and ordered:
Signature Breakfast
Huevos Rancheros
Coffee
French Toast
The food was fine. Tiny portions and let me just say, Huevos means eggs in Spanish. Something on the plate should suggest the aforementioned item. You know what the real offense is?
Coffee. Tepid coffee. You're selling a pour over at $3 a pop and it arrives lukewarm? And no actual dairy to drink with it? No wonder no one was smiling.
Your drink list looks great. We had to ask for it. Because the table tents weren't on the tables. Sunday brunch - who wants cocktails? I do!
The servers were great and apologetic. If I were one of those servers, I'd spring for an electric tea kettle to make hot water for a proper cup of coffee. Why let poor management hurt my ability to earn tips?I was very happy to find a vegan restaurant within walking distance of a conference I was attending in New Orleans. I came here a few times. The first time I had the southern fried nuggets + waffles which was gluten free as well. The nuggets were amazing. Great texture and flavor. The waffle was okay. It was kind of dry and obviously gluten free. It did taste good to eat the waffle with the nugget but there was too much waffle and not enough nugget. I also tried the eggplant po boy one day for lunch. It was good but not particularly special. The last day I went I got the nachos. I liked the nachos but there were too many chips and not enough toppings. Overall solid vegan food. Not my favorite restaurant but a good place to go for a vegan lunch break if you are at a convention here.This place is amazing and I want to eat/live here every day. I can't wrap my mind around how innovative this restaurant is with their vegan options. I mean come on- vegan pad Thai consisting of cucumber zoodles?! Artichoke cakes that when pulled apart look just like crab cakes?! Nachos that have a dollop of faux sour cream...mind blown!
These people are magicians and I can't get enough of it. Come here and order everything because I guarantee it's delicious!Great vegan spot outside of the French quarters. We went for breakfast and it did not disappoint.We arrived as a family of 4 with a baby. We were greeted immediately and seated appropriately. My baby sat comfortably in a high chair. Our food came out in no time and it was delicious. The pictures don't do any justice. My mom is a New Orleans native and she could not taste the difference in beignets. She even ordered another batch to go.Fabulous all-vegan menu, marked for soy-free, gluten-free, and raw foods, all New Orleans style.  Have I died and gone to heaven?  I'm not surprised that heaven is in New Orleans.  The food here is beautiful and delicious, staff are great with questions about allergy issues, and service is friendly.  There is a good selection of juices, smoothies, teas, and alcoholic beverages.  I especially liked the artichoke cakes, the sweet corn polenta, and the raw carrot cupcake - it's not cake-y, but it's exceptionally delicious.  Yay Seed!I got a Southern Fried Poboy and Standard Juice to go and ate both outside in a park, although the restaurant seemed very cute inside. The juice's ginger flavor was a bit strong for me, but it tasted fresh and I felt like I got my vitamins for the day. The sandwich was delicious. The fried tofu pieces inside and vegan mayo were great. It came with a side of the day, which was a quinoa salad with corn and black beans. It was fairly bland but at least tasted like it had fresh ingredients. My favorite was definitely the poboy sandwich. Great to be able to try a vegetarian version of a poyboy!Super delicious, amazing food!! My family not loved it but cheeriest every bite. Excellent service and great staffsDelightful meal. Great to have everything on the menu Vegan. Fun kind and inclusive. I love this place.OMG. Delicious vegan food! One of the best vegan restaurants I've been to.
My fav - phad Thai made out of cucumbers instead of noodles.I've been yelp stalking this place for a long time and decided to come here for my birthday dinner. The atmosphere is really fresh and inviting.
The boyfriend (a meat eater) wanted to try the nuggets for an appetizer. We got them with the garlic aioli. They were really good. Had a god texture to them, which was nice. I ordered the pad thai and it did not disappoint. Wasn't exactly the flavors I expected from the description...it was less chili-almond-buttery than I expected but it still had great flavor. The boyfriend got the BBQ sandwich and I must say, I had dish envy. The flavor (and texture) of this sandwich was amazing. Even the boyfriend was blown away. 
We were also checking out what people ordered around us...the nachos and the crab cakes looked really good and we will probably try that next time. I also heard that their artichoke cakes are so amazing that they sell out. 
One downfall...the service. Our waiter wasn't very attentive. He didn't come and ask how our food was and then we waited about 30 minutes for the check. We eventually had to walk up to him to ask for the check because we couldn't wait any longer. The other waitress there, however, was very involved with her tables.This is THE BEST vegan restaurant in all of New Orleans. Great ambiance, service and incredible food. Do not miss the vegan beignets!!There are a lot of good things to say about Seed. First of all the food quality itself is very good. I ordered the eggplant po boy and a mandarin key lime soda ( sweetened with agave). Both were very tasty. The only negative things to say are that the ratio of bread to filling of my po boy was not at all satisfactory. I saw another of the same po boy come out for another customer and it looked much different then mine ( more filling etc). Also I think the french fries they serve are actually frozen french fries which is a bummer. Overall the flavors were good, just a little improvement with portion.Seed was excellent. I was already planning to return and try out more items on the menu before I even left. 
My flight into New Orleans was at 7am while my friend isn't arriving until 9pm. As a result, I've plenty of time today to waste just floating around New Orleans (and writing this yelp review). I had googled vegan restaurants prior to even hopping on the plane and the chili cheese fries caught my eye. Since my friend isn't vegan, I figured I'd hit up Seed by myself. 
The place was easy to find, but I did have to loop around twice to find a parking spot. They were pretty busy, but the woman seating everyone handled it very well. Luckily, since I was alone, I managed to get a seat at the bar with no wait time. I sat next to 3 different people in my time there and every single one of them was friendly and helpful. So not only was the waitstaff friendly, but the atmosphere in general was very inviting. 
My first seating buddy gave me many suggestions off of the menu and they all looked really good but I already had my heart set on the chili cheese fries. And oh boy, they were absolutely delicious and completely worth the struggle to find parking. The fries were a bit mushy, but that tends to happen when you smother them in flavorful, savory sauce. The cashew cheese was perfect and balanced out the chili nicely. 
I also ordered the macaroni and cheese side which was a bit too bland for my tastes. It was made with daiya but I couldn't even taste that. There was a layer of seasoning on top but it didn't go very far at all. Two bites of flavor and then it was gone.  I did scoop out the last of my chili cheese into the macaroni and that brought the flavor up to speed so I'd suggest getting a side of chili to go with your side of macaroni and mixing them. 
I washed it all down with the triple chocolate avocado shake with almond milk which was just as chocolatey as the name would suggest which is definitely my jam.  I was also pleasantly surprised by how filling the food was considering I only ordered an appetizer, a side, and a drink. 
Before I left I wanted to the beignets, but saw that they weren't labelled as soy free on the menu. I decided to ask about them anyways and the man taking my order said they could make them with almond milk! I got them to go and managed to stop myself from ordering another meal to go as well. I'm not kidding when I say pretty much everything on the menu looks like something I want to eat. I ended up trying a beignet in the car while they were still hot and I really enjoyed it. They were basically sopapillas covered in powdered sugar instead of honey. It was a bit hard to bite it down the middle without getting power everywhere so I just shoved the whole thing in my mouth and it stuck to the roof of my mouth a bit. I would definitely suggest eating them with a fork and knife (or not in the car).
All told I spent almost 40 dollars including tip which I found to be reasonable. Seed was definitely the right choice for kicking off my New Orleans Vacation.Love this place. Everything looked delicious; hard to decide what to get. I went with the wherever spaghetti as I've been craving it for 5 years. It really hit the spot. So good.Delicious tofu scramble with Seitan! I couldn't resist ordering the artichoke cakes, which were wonderful. We also ordered two tofu Po-boys to go. Amazing! Love this place! Great food, great service and wonderful neighborhood.This is one of the best (and one of the only) vegan restaurants in a city known for rich, creamy, fatty, meaty, and buttery foods. Vegans will be in heaven, but your hard core meat eaters will probably hate the place. Those who like vegetarian food and those who have a mind and a mouth open to nontraditional food and flavors will be pleasantly surprised at the rich creamyness of the grilled cheese sandwich and the mac n' cheese, they'll enjoy the meatyness of the coconut crusted Field Roast burger and the tasty colors and savory flavors of the nachos. The fresh pressed juices and smoothies are also not to be missed.Best vegan options ever.   I never had a po boy until I ate here and I grew up in New Orleans! 
My sister and I dined and ordered the chips with three different dips (the cashew queso is good!) and I ordered the vegan gumbo with spicy seitan.
I devoured everything! I will go back until I have tried everything on  the menu haha. 
The atmosphere is hip and the decor is so cute!Meh. Maybe one shouldn't come to the Deep South expecting bomb healthy food. I ordered the Thai dish and it was a tiny portion for $12 and had no garnish to make it worthy. I asked if I could modify a juice by 1 ingredient but was declined. I thought since they make the juices to order it wouldn't be a problem to replace beets with kale but evidently that was an impossibility. 
Hmmm. Wish I could give this place a better review as this is the very thing NO needs as an antidote to all the heavy rich food.My partner and I love Seed. Their menu has things labeled gluten free/soy free for you so if you have more dietary restrictions that just vegan it's really helpful. Also their vegan dishes are delicious. I recommend the gumbo! It's gluten free which is hard to find.There are times I come to Seed at least 3 times in one week. I have been numerous times and have never had a bad experience. I'm not vegan, I am vegetarian. My father isn't vegan nor vegetarian. Seed is our favorite restaurant and we are always pleased with the service, atmosphere and food.
I always get the scarlet iced tea because it is absolutely delicious. I've tried many of the dishes on the menu and although they may not be what you think they'll be, be open to trying new things.
Currently, I am eating the Nuevos Rancheros and I have decided that when I come for brunch I will get this every time. Their pancakes are the best pancakes I've ever had. The seed club is a must for any new costumers. My dad and I can not get enough of the chips and dips. The cashew queso is unbeatable.
I can go on about what amazing food they have, but maybe you should just go try for yourself! 
I've heard many complaints about the coffee, which I have not gotten yet, but I'm drinking hot tea right now and it burned my mouth so that's definitely not lukewarm.
I will continue to be a loyal regular at Seed because there's just no other place like it in the city.Amazing food I really recommend this place all we ate was amazing, plus next to the restaurant there is a vegan clothing store!Cant speak for the food (other than the small portions) but do NOT order the drinks! This was $11. Theres limited vegetarian and vegan options is New Orleans so we appreciated this place but it is very overpriced.I had the artichoke cakes & the super charge coffee smoothie, both were exactly what I wanted and perfectly delicious!
Friendly services and sunny comfortable table by the window. If I'm in the area again I would definitely go back!!I was very impressed with this vegan establishment. My mother ordered the nachos that had cashew nacho cheese as the substitute, and it was delicious. I ordered the Southern Po Boy, and while I'm not a huge bread fan (I ordered it because I had to try a po boy down in NOLA, right;)), the fried tofu was flavored wonderfully. And our waitress couldn't have been more enthusiastic and sweet. Thank you!Overall, for plant based eaters - this is a great place! The gumbo was tasty.  The creole zucchini wraps salad plate was good, but our only "issue" was they were not "wraps" in the way we were expecting at all.  The entrée is listed as a salad - and ultimately, that what it was... and frankly, not that much too it (especially for 13 bucks).... But, the staff was friendly and the atmosphere was cool, so all was pretty good with us... (the "value" for the portion could have been better.  Or, maybe we are just too used to eating A LOT when at home!) :)I must preface this by saying that I am not a fan of vegan food.  I went b/c my friend is vegan and we decided to try this place.  We started with the nachos (corn chips, cashew quest, guacamole, sour cream, corn roasted corn salsa, tomato roasted corn, black beans, cilantro).  I had the seed club (hummus, avocado, tomato, sprouts, garlic aioli, whole grain bread) and my friend had the eggplant poboy (fried eggplant, light cornmeal batter, roasted Red peppers plus onion, lettuce, garlic aioli, poboy bread) and mac and cheese.  The nachos were not bad.  The mac and cheese was (in my opinion) inedible.  The that may just be due to the fact that it's vegan.  Even my vegan friend said there was a weird tasting topping on it so she did not finish the dish.   My friend felt her eggplant poboy was too greasy and there was more bread than eggplant (as far as I could tell there was only a few thinly sliced small pieces of eggplant).  Honestly the sandwich looked deceptively large because of the bread but was very sparse on the inside.  It reminded me of those old Wendy's commercials where someone would say "Where's the beef?!?!" While looking at a dime sized hamburger patty sitting on a medium pizza sized bun.  My seed club was very disappointing.  There was only a thin smear of hummus and I had to ask my friend if vegan hummus is supposed to taste different from regular hummus because this hummus had a weird aftertaste.  Apparently it should not taste different.  Only half of my sandwich had avocado in it and that too only a few thin dime sized pieces.  Maybe I am just spoiled from living in California but I am used to restaurants being generous with avocado (especially vegetarian/vegan places). The meal with tip came to about $50 for both of us which was seriously annoying since even my vegan friend could barely eat the food because of the taste and poor quality.  Again I am not vegan but I have been to some amazing vegan ethnic places in Los Angeles, Loma Linda, and the Bay Area so I know it is possible to make good tasting vegan food.  I realize it is difficult for vegan people visiting New Orleans to find food options so I suppose if you are starving you can eat here.Very small but quick service.  Food was very good and if you are looking for a Gluten free Vegan restaurant in New Orleans this is a must try.  Cocktails were good but weren't very strong.I couldn't say enough great things about SEED. We spoiled ourselves to try a few different dishes. Highly recommend the nachos, so flavorful. Got to also try the club sandwich, and tofu po Boy all delicious as well. I think the dressing of the Caesar salad could of had a bit more flavor to what I'm used to from other places but they had a special touch of sundried tomatoes, capers and roasted garlic that made it yummy. Loved their beignets they are a must try so save room. They had a great selection of drinks on their menu as well So if you are in New Orleans and want delicious food this is your go to spot.The only reason I'm giving it four stars rather than five is the price. For the amount of food you get the prices are utterly ridiculous. Aside from that the food is really good. I only wish the quantity matched the price.I expected more based on Yelp reviews. Perhaps it was just an off evening, but I walked away disappointed. The menu choices were many, and interesting. 
Started with a pineapple ginger smoothie Thought it was a bit watered down, and for eight bucks should have been more then the small glass I received. Moved on the the barbeque sandwich, which had a nice flavor profile, but was a tiny portion with no sides at all. It was priced at ten dollars and the bun was beginning to stale. 
Still hungry I ordered dessert and a cup of coffee. The chocolate moose was like Jello box chocolate pudding from the supermarket, and the coffee was commercial and unexceptional. 
It all wasn't terrible, but for thirty dollars plus tip I walked away hungry and feeling  overcharged for mediocre and uninspired food. The staff was very friendly and cordial, but service was slow. Better choices for creative, well prepared vegetarian / vegan cuisine exist in our town.Any place that dedicates their restaurant to vegan food is great, but Seed isn't perfect. My meal was off to a good start with the gumbo with the spicy seitan. It was flavorful and distinctly Southern. My main course  of the BBQ sandwich with a side of mac & cheese was more confusing. The BBQ sandwich was so very small!! Maybe I wouldn't have minded the english-muffin sized bun topped with about 1.5 oz of filling if I weren't sitting next to someone who ordered the poboy which appeared to be half a baguette topped with 8 oz of fried tofu. We've got to have some portion consistency people, I don't want to walk away hungry while my companion is stuffed to the gills.
On to the mac & cheese - it was okay. I wish there was more crunch from the breadcrumbs, and I just prefer elbow noodles to shells. I drowned it in sriracha and it was then quite good.
To finish my meal I had a mango lassi for the road. I didn't taste much in the way of mango but it was pretty delicious.
All in all - I definitely recommend this place, it's pretty affordable and the food quality is good. Maybe ask your server for advice on portion sizes!!We'd been meaning to try Seed since we first heard about it, and had high expectations--it's gotten consistently great reviews, even during opening weekend, when most restaurants are still working out the kinks.
We weren't disappointed. As soon as we arrived, the server brought us menus & water, and walked us through the menu. We started with specialty cocktails and fried tofu nuggets. The drinks were great--we tried a few of them over the course of dinner, and they were creative & tasty (and big!). The tofu nuggets were basically vegan buffalo wings. The batter was really flavorful, and the sauces were great--especially the ranch (which didn't really taste much like ranch, but was garlicky & lemony, and a great compliment to the buffalo sauce). I'd always loved buffalo wings when I still ate meat, and this filled that craving. I'd had something similar to this in Milwaukee once, with seitan and instead of tofu, and prefer the texture of the seitan, but I'd definitely order these again.
For our entrees, my girlfriend and I split the fried eggplant poboy and the bbq sandwich. Eggplant slices were thin, battered and fried, much thiner than I'd expected, but they were crunchy & flavorful, and offered a great compliment to the chewy french bread. The bbq sandwich was ridiculous--my girlfriend teared up with joy when she tried it... The sauce is sweet & smoky and the slaw on top of it offers a crunchy, tangy contrast to the bbq. My only complaint is that the bbq sandwich is pretty small. Luckily, the poboy was big, so splitting our entrees was a perfect decision.
For dessert, we both got chocolate mousse. My girlfriend got the traditional one, and I got a specialty "coconut" one. She loved hers, but I was a little underwhelmed. The texture of mine wasn't great, and rather than coconut, the prevailing flavor was banana. Next time, I'll try the beignets, as our server suggested.
Overall, great food & drinks with helpful, attentive service, and a fairly good value! We're excited to come back!This spot is DELICIOUS! the Gumbo is the best! Their drinks are really good; specially their cucumber mojito.   And service is excellent.I'm not particularly needy in the vegetarian/vegan/raw food area but give me good ingredients & flavor and I'm happy.  Seed opened in early April and seems to be doing a nice business from the beginning: the space is understated & nice and the food is good, plus the location will end up being perfect.  There are a bunch of film industry folks working a block away that I'm confident will flock here for lunch.  And it's only a block from St. Charles Ave. so anybody can easily take the streetcar and walk down - or driving is also easy because there's typically plenty of parking in the neighborhood.  Did I mention they're open 7 days a week for lunch & dinner plus brunch on weekends?
You don't have to eat healthy - there's a fried tofu "nugget" appetizer in addition to gumbo, chili "cheese" fries and even a couple po-boys (fried eggplant and fried tofu I believe) as well as a bread pudding dessert that's awesome.  That being said, everything in house is vegan and there are a ton of healthy options on the menu such as virtually any salad you want and tons of unique menu items that are both "raw" and cooked.  "Noodles" made from vegetables for Pad Thai or spaghetti dishes?  Nice.  Kale & Mango Salad?  Wow!  Eggplant Po-Boy?  The eggplant is sliced a bit thin for my preference but they use Leidenheimer bread and include a great sauce and the flavors are excellent.  Most everything on the menu appears very well done.
It's a large food menu, and they've got a full liquor license set up from opening so you can have a good cocktail or a tasty glass of wine with your meal (the wines are limited but solid).  For some reason you always have to ask for the wine & cocktail list but at least they have one.  As for pricing, it's a bit high for the food - and especially for their juices of all things - but they certainly have more overhead to cover than a neighborhood dive so I'm okay with it and decent crowds suggest a good number of others are too.
For those living or working in the neighborhood it will be easy to end up at Seed once or twice a month - and that's for people who aren't even vegetarian.  For those who abide by vegan or raw dietary rules it may be more often - I've seen a number of vegan/raw restaurants in Chicago and Portland when living there, and Seed compares to just about anything I've run across.  Bravo!I had the tacos, they were delicious. Definitely planning on going again. The place was also clean and tidy and the service is amazingThe food and cocktails are great. I recommend the tofu scramble plate, southern poboy, and beignets.This is exactly what I was looking for coming from out of town! Great friendly staff with a very nice and cozy ambience. We ordered takeout and it was ready in no time! The nachos are amazing!I'm vegan so I was excited to come to one of the very few vegan restaurants my city has to offer. 
Food was subpar with processed store bought products that are catering to a niche market in a lazy way. (ie: dayia cheese, field roast burgers, frozen grocery store crinkle fries like ore ida-disappointing)
The service was slow, careless, and rude. Our server made several mistakes bringing me the wrong drink twice without correcting it, bringing dishes out of order, and generally flippant attitude. As we looked around we saw that other tables were having the same problems. 
My dish was a raw vegetable version of pad thai which tasted like a pile of mush. My boyfriend's beignets were dry. 
If you are looking for really fresh healthy vegetable dishes with nice ingredients, this is not the place. But if you are looking for vegan junk food then go for it.Oh.My.GOD!
If plant based eating was like this every day in my life, I would never consider eating any other way!!! 
We started off with the chili cheese fries (hey, you can be vegan or vegetarian and still want to indulge in comfort food!) and I have to say these were hands down the BEST chili cheese fries I have ever had!!!! They use a 3 bean chili, no meat, and a cashew crema for the cheese. The seasoning was on point as was the texture, and a carnivore would have had a hard time realizing that there was no meat or even real dairy in these, they were THAT good! You know what is super great about plant based eating, too??? That even though we indulged in chili cheese fries, we didn't feel heavy or gross afterwards! Double score!
Next up was the kale mango salad. You put mango in a dish, and I have to try it. Kale can sometimes be too gritty, but this one was very well prepared and the chef did not skimp on the mango either. After indulging in the chili cheese fries, this was a nice clean dish to clean the palate. 
The main course was a avocado club sandwich with coconut 'bacon'. Now I am not a fan of coconut, but our server (super nice guy by the way!) said that it added a nice touch to the sandwich, so we went for it. I tried a piece of this coconut that had been smoked to a crispy bacon-like texture, and on it's own I have to say it wasn't doing anything for me, however inside the sandwich it added such a nice crunch! The only thing I didn't love during our whole meal was the bread for the sandwich. It wasn't awful, but I feel like something else would have showcased the avocado better. 
As a vegetarian, this place was a gem to find in New Orleans but I have to say that even a carnivore would be satisfied dining here.One of the best vegan places I have ever been! Great food at reasonable price. We ordered crispy tofu with cashew queso dip,veg gumbo and fried eggplant po-boy. Everything was delicious and tasty! There are lots of vegetarian options as well! I would highly recommend this place to anyone.We had New Year's Eve dinner here. Loved every single dish. Service great. Delish, can't wait to come back. The beignets are heavenly.Vegan nachos!!! So filling that I couldn't finish (and that's saying something). I did ask for more cheese (that's extra). Very low key location and chill ambience.The food receives 5 stars. It was unbelievable.  I had the southern fried poboy and my companion had the BBQ sandwich. Both were full of flavor and accompanied with a delicious daily salad.  I can't wait for my next meal there. Our waitress was new and needed more training and education on the menu. I expect that the next time I go, I'll update my rating and give this place 5 stars!Everything I have had here has been above average in terms of taste, presentation and variety for a vegan restaurant.  The best ever though is the gumbo with the spicy seitan.  Freaking amazing.1st time in the city and so excited to find Seed. Did a take out. Staff very friendly. Loved the food, Roasted carrot avocado salad, toasted coconut wrap and raw cupcake. Already thinking about another meal from Seed.I LOVED this place. My sister and I ended up eating here twice on our trip. The first time, we split the tofu po' boy, a caesar salad and a side of mac n' cheese. Holy wow this was an incredible meal! I do not understand how they get the tofu nuggets to taste so much like chicken - so crazy! Everything tasted so fresh and well made. We came back later in the trip for brunch. My sister got the chick'n and waffles and I got the tofu scramble. Both were insanely good. I definitely plan to come back the next time I visit!
Bonus points for being the only place in New Orleans to find vegan beignets!It was good, but not as special as everyone has talked it up to be. It's a vegan restaurant, so it automatically gets five stars for just existing, and maybe one star deduction for general low grade disappointments detailed below...
They just serve pre-made proteins and dress them up. I have had the field roast coconut cutlet done better at Whole Foods; I still really like anything field roast makes, but felt a little ripped off.
The BBQ sandwich was downright no good. Friend and I ate half and left the rest on the plate.
Pretty weak service, to be honest. If I came back to New Orleans I would skip Seed and just get a sandwich made at Whole Foods exactly how I want it for half the price. There were better vegan options in New Orleans, we discovered, this is just the most famous one.
The popcorn tofu was blah. The batter appears to be really good, but their tofu prep is not my speed. It was wet, like it hadn't been frozen or thoroughly pressed before it was cooked.
Getting a refill on a cup of coffee was like asking the waitstaff for a personal hard labor favor.
I left full & disappointed.Ate here 3 times in the course of our 4-day trip. Was very impressed! I was SO excited to try NOLA cuisine that was plant-based! 
I tried the Chicken and Waffles at a weekend brunch. Highly recommended! On another trip, I tried the mac n cheese and it's the BEST vegan mac I've ever had. And of course on my last trip I had to try the gumbo! 
So awesome that vegans can eat like locals here. If you are vegan, you have to visit Seed when you in New Orleans. Try anything and you won't be disappointed, but my tip is to try the real New Orleans cuisine that they've veganized so well. And fantastic service and delicious drinks to boot!!Absolutely delightful! It's a small place and the service is great. I had the eggplant po-boy and my daughter had the grilled cheese sandwich and chili. She's super picky and she loved it! I'm not a vegetarian and I loved it too!Have been traveling a bit lately and trying out some vegan options.  Seed did not disappoint!   Had the Johnny Appleseed cocktail, house salad, Cauliflower Katsu and carrot cake for dessert.   Katsu was exception and if you're non-vegan, go eat this the breading and the way it's spiced will make you wonder how in the world can cauliflower be so good!!   Excellent service, cool spot in the Garden District...definite worth the price!This place is ok as far as vegan / vegetarian food goes. There are other veg po boys w/ more creative meat substitutes and the fries tofu was pretty dry. Each time I've been there the staff was pretty rude,  but overall the service was pretty well-paced. Wouldn't go backMy friend and I really enjoyed the food here. We got the southern fried nuggets, chili cheese fries with cashew cheese, green orange cream smoothie, mango lassi smoothie, a kale mango salad (to go) and beignets. The smoothies were about 6oz. I wish for the price that they were larger portions. Everything was delicious I must add! 
While we were enjoying our meal, a bird flew into the window and bounced off of it, which startled us. I felt so bad for the bird and one of the waitstaff went to make sure that the bird was OK which I thought was very sweet. It shows that they care for animals as well! He was kind of cute too  I would go back to this restaurant again and hopefully will be back to do so as I am visiting out of town. I'm always happy to see more plant-based restaurants, keep them coming and thank you so much for creating such wonderful tasty plant-based meals. I do have to say some of the items were highly priced and I do wish that the cost would go down a bit but you pay for all that comes with eating out I suppose.Wait staff wasn't very attentive. I'm posting this a little late because it was in my drafts, but overall there were interesting meals for vegetarians which is a plus.Food is pretty good, minus the bread that the po boy sandwich is on. 
Service is slow and sometimes provided by folks that have noticeable BO.Service could be a little faster, but not too bad. The sweet corn polenta was pretty good... Topping ROCKED! Artichoke cakes could be a meal by themselves... A little heavy for an appetizer but good. Seaweed caviar was amazing especially the green one! Pad Thai was tasty though it needed a little salt. Cucumber mint mojito was different but not bad. Dooryard bloomer was something different and I would order it again. The black summer lemon iced tea was refreshing.
All in all... For those of us vegetarians looking for menu with options, this is a great choice. 
Nice ambiance. Casual. Plenty of gluten free, soy free and raw labeled clearly on the menu.
We WILL be back!Amazing. Not just soy processed crap, but great, fresh ingredients! I really wish I would have tried the beignets, but next time. Everything we tried was super tasty, even my non vegan girlfriend enjoyed it. Great service, made sure our pups in the car were taken of as well!I've been to Seed a few times and I love it all. Really yummy and filling vegan food. We just converted my meat-eater friend to veganism today lol. If you get a bunch of things on the menu your bill can get a little pricey. But flavors and hunger-wise, you won't be disappointed.I usually stick to the concentrated area that is the Quarter, but I made an extra effort to find this place, which is about a 15 minute drive from the heart of the French Quarter.  I'm not entirely sure it was worth the hassle.
Upon opening the front door, I stepped into a very light and open, airy space. The set up, the bright colors, the decor... it was all very inviting.  The employee? Not so much. He seemed bothered. He was initially outside smoking, so maybe I interrupted his "me" time.  There were only about 3, 4 at most, other patrons in the establishment, but I decided to place my order to go.
SOUTHERN FRIED NUGGETS - deep fried pieces of tofu. Good flavor, lots of breading (which I happen to like) and the tofu wasn't spongey. I paid extra to get agave mustard and garlic aioli sauces. Both were very good, but I really enjoyed the garlic aioli with these nuggets. I feel like they give a decent portion for the $10 price tag.
SOUTHERN FRIED POBOY - basically, the Southern Fried Nuggets on bread. 
I ordered mine w/o tomato (they put tomato on it anyway), and extra mayo, but it didn't save this sandwich from being dry as hell. As many po'boy breads go, theirs is very thick and kind of hard/tough (too thick & tough for me; I don't like to work that hard to eat). The extra garlic aioli sauces that I ordered were my saving graces. I poured on some garlic aioli, and voila! A po'boy I could almost enjoy. By the end though, I was just eating the southern fried nuggets without the bread. To its credit, the sandwich is huge, and worth the $11, if you're into thick bread.
CHICKPEA SALAD - a vegan spin on a chicken salad sandwich. I requested extra mayo and no cucumber (they gave me cucumbers). It was ok. It was dry, even with the mayo, and very earthy/seedy. It lacked flavor. I wouldn't get this again. Not worth $9.
FRENCH FRIES - $5 for a small order of crinkle fries. Ok fries. Not worth $5.
BEIGNETS - Ooooh, did they look good! I bit into these beignets and my face immediately dropped. All these reviews and photos talking about how great these vegan beignets are. WHERE?! These dry, rubbery pieces of disappointment?! No ma'am! Beignets should be hot, sweet pieces of doughy heaven, with a slight crisp on the outside and light fluff on the inside. I don't know what the heck they served me.  One of two things must have happened here: 1 - those people have never had a real beignet, therefore, do not have a point of reference (although, these weren't good by ANY point of ref); or 2 - I received a bad batch.  Whichever the case, I feel duped and I want my $7 back. (I ended up throwing them away; they were that bad.) The powdered sugar was good.
CHEESECAKE - I was also talked into getting some special vegan cheesecake (this was before I tried those disgraceful beignets). Another $7 wasted. It wasn't even sweet. Lawd!
Over $50 spent at this place and the only edible things were the southern fried nuggets and some french fries. I will give them one more try, only because I want to try their brunch items. To be continued...A very pleasant and quaint local shop. All the food here is organic and what I had was fairly tasty! I was not thrilled with my choices (mom and I split the zucchini creole salad and pad tai) but it was still alright. I was really disappointed because my primary reason was for the raw ice cream, but they were OUT!! But I know that it wasn't their fault. A great atmosphere and great service.Great food and nice selection for vegan southern food! Nice vibe inside and there are a few tables for outside seating too. Friendly and fast service, recommended it your in the area!Possibly the best thing that happened to New Orleans! Outstanding food, service and ambiance ! They have a great spin on traditional Louisiana/Creole/Cajun dishes- in that they are vegan that is. Great fries and Eggplant Po'boy. Also feature some of the best kombucha I've tried (and I've tried lots)- The Big Easy Boocha also made locally in NO. Wish they were in my area !SKIP IT. SO VERY BORING. 
This was like going back in time to the first few years when I became vegan (when I was 12, I'm 36 now) and was just learning what that meant and how to make my way around the kitchen. The food in this "restaurant" is elementary, bland, and exactly what gives vegans a bad name. Throwing a bunch of vegetables in a blender, calling it a "spread" and charging 10 bucks is laughable. Okay, the Za'atar wasn't too bad, but needs work. Vegan food can be delicious, flavorful, healthy and filling. This is a bad experiment doomed to failure unless a serious chef steps up and takes the reigns. A restaurant like this is an embarrassment and has no place alongside the culinary genius of this city. If it stays open for much longer, it will only survive if the kitchen starts to salt the food; learns about herbs, spices, and seasonings; reads a few cook books; learns about grains and legumes, and lays off the blender! Really, really disappointing. I will not return.
What I ate:
Starter-- Spreads with raw onion flax bread. Super UNDERWHELMING; there was onion nowhere near the bread, ever. Spreads were tasteless and didn't even appear appetizing.
Main-- Eggplant poboy. Eggplant was undercooked and not properly drained, so barely had any flavor but the deep fried batter in which it was cooked. There was also such a little amount of eggplant, the entire sandwich was lost in the bread. If there was any dressing on it, I couldn't tell. I asked the server for something spicy, he brought me--and I kid you not--a pinch of cayenne. I wanted to use it on my tasteless side of mac n cheese, but there wasn't enough to even sprinkle anywhere. I asked for more and got the same stingy amount. C'mon Chef, if you're not going to season your food, at least supply the condiments and spices to the requesting, paying guest! 
Side-- Mac n cheese. Tasteless. Pasta overcooked.
Everything needed salt.
I just read Joi B's review and have to concur: 
WHY are they keeping alcohol service a secret???
After looking online, where there is NO indication Seed has booze, I resigned myself to the very sad fact that I would be having dinner with juice. When I arrived, I finally decided on the Sunset. When the server brought it, I exclaimed, "this would be great if only I could add a shot of bourbon!" Suddenly, he materializes a cocktail menu! What the fuck? Ridiculous. Liquor is a money-maker; does this restaurant want to go out of business? I asked the server to just pour some of the Sunset out to make room for the bourbon rather than ordering an entirely separate cocktail off of their overpriced, uninventive cocktail menu. Really, what is the deal?We were very excited to check out a veg restaurant!  However, we were completely let down. The service is not good.
We waited for 30 minutes to order, over 20 minutes for two smoothies and over an hour for our food. No one checked on us while we were waiting. All of the waiters avoided eye contact with me and just didn't seem to care. 
I also noticed a couple next to us with issues. The gentleman had received his food AND finished it before the lady sitting with him had received her food. 
As for the food itself, it was ok. My fiancé finished and said, "I could have easily made this at home". Don't waste your time y'all.Good Lord the service here was terrible. We went to this restaurant twice during the stay in New Orleans because of food restrictions of someone in our party. Both times, I left the restaurant wondering how they manage to stay in business.
Pros:
+ The beignets and chili cheese fries were good. (But then again, how do you screw up beignets and chili cheese fries?)
Cons:
- Do the owners of the restaurant really believe a sustainable service model is only paying for 3 service staff when the entire place is full? They are so overwhelmed with everything that we literally stood waiting to have our names added to the wait list for 12 minutes. In what restaurant do you stand at the front entrance for 12 minutes before someone acknowledges you?
- Given their lack of service staff, is it any surprise that cleanliness is lacking? The menus were sticky, like a child had spilled ice cream all over it, the bathrooms were disgusting.
I'd give Seed a hard pass. Don't believe the hype.We came in 15 min before they closed and received friendly service.  They suggested the artichoke cakes, which I ordered with a side Creole zucchini salad. Both were very delicious. Amy ordered the BBQ sandwich and it had a yummy flavor and texture.  We also got a vegan slice of King cake. With good food and a Great atmosphere, I recommend this place.I am a vegan living in the midwest. Not a lot of vegan restaurants in my town.  Correction: no vegan restaurants in my town. When my BFF and I visited NOLA I scoped out all the veg restaurants beforehand. I knew that Seed had veg options but was so over the moon thrilled when I showed up and found out they were 100% vegan!
For starters, the space is bright, airy, beautiful. Even the bathroom is a joy. Our waiter was adorable, engaging, very hospitable. Between my friend and I, we basically ordered one of everything on their brunch menu. Everything was delicious, I mean FANTASTIC. There were two items that were melt-in-your-mouth, eyes-roll-back-in-your-head, shhhhh-don't-talk delicious. The tofu scramble and the "butter". The tofu scramble had some sage in it so it had a touch of the Thanksgiving stuffing feel. Soooooo yummy. And the butter..... oh the butter..... someday the recipe for this butter will be in the Smithsonian as the vegan butter that changed all butters everywhere. 
Thank you, Seed. Please come to the midwest.Just moved here from Seattle. I'm so happy I found this place! I'm absolutely obsessed with the southern nuggets with mustard/agave dip. The Caesar salad is really delicious too!We will definitely visit again. There are so many incredible options on their lengthy menu. Give it a try!The food here is excellent. I feel there is something for everyone, even if your not vegan. As long as your willing to try it out, you will like something. The people are friendly. The restaurant does get pretty busy on the weekends though, so plan accordingly. I have enjoyed every food item I have gotten at this restaurant. It is fun to try different things. The decor in the restaurant is very relaxing too. I also like their teas a lot.This place is AMAZING. I will bring even my non vegan friends here because the food is so good. I love the nachos and the artichoke cakes the most, but really it's all absolutely amazing. I wish I could eat here every day.I'm visiting New Orleans, a city known for its food, as a vegan-- and not finding a ton of options I was thrilled to find Seed. I was a little less thrilled when I tried to order for delivery one night via GrubHub; which listed the restaurant with the message "Not currently accepting online orders." I attempted to call to see if I could pick something up, only to be told the kitchen was too backed up and couldn't handle a phone order (after being placed on hold for ten minutes). The next night, I logged on to GrubHub and found that they were accepting online orders. I happily ordered the artichoke cakes, french fries, and Beignets. The food arrived at room temperature; not entirely their fault. The artichoke cakes were very good, with a tangy flavorful sauce. The fries were disappointing-- definitely not fresh cut... soggy, not well cooked, and would have felt at home in a bag in the Whole Foods freezer section. I like my fries a little crispy, golden brown, and ideally with the skin still on. The Beignets were a little too thin and were difficult to find under a mountain of powdered sugar... but this didn't stop me from eating all of them. I didn't have time to actually visit the place, and hopefully will be back to try some more dishes on a future visit. Extra star for being apparently the only vegan place in the Parrish.My wife eats Raw food and I eat vegan/vegetarian, so this place hits the mark perfectly! We love the friendly staff and the dynamite food....
Just had the spicy potatoes and my wife had the spaghetti, which she loved! My favorite juice is the pineapple ginger blast.....
We take folks there who like to eat brunch and we drink wine and they usually have beer...cool joint!All my food was delicious . Customer service was great . I loved everything about this place . When I visit New Orleans again I will definitely be back .Wow! I'm so glad I got to try Seed. My group shared the beet carpaccio, nachos with nut meat and artichoke cakes - all delicious. I split the southern fried po' boy and BBQ sandwich. The BBQ was my favorite - savory sauce and perfect texture seitan. I also tasted my friend's gumbo which was spicy and hearty. For dessert, we got the beignets and Samoa cheesecake. Everything was wonderful!So the food at Seed is super super yummy and I would have eaten there everyday if I could. There are a few reasons why it doesn't deserve 5 stars though. Number one, you don't get an actual side with your entree just a 'side of the day.'  Both days we've gone it's been kale with balsamic. I don't like kale (I know, vegan sacrilege!) and the first day when I said I didn't want it our waiter said 'oh it automatically comes with it.' That is ridiculous. They don't grow the kale on the plate, at some point someone puts it on there and the fact that they don't care about the waste when I literally am saying I won't eat it bums me out. So we get the sides of kale and they're tiny and I pay 5 dollars for a side of fries. So an actual entree with a real side is 1.5 times what the menu reads. It's not fries like a big shareable basket, it's fries like a literal small side. That was my first issue but oh well, we're on vacation right? We come back a second time and they're out of some stuff but again oh well. Until I find out they're out of vegan beignets 4 hours before they close. That's like sign on the door worthy! I wouldn't have eaten there if we knew that but there is another vegan restaurant literally around the corner so of course they're not gonna advertise they're out of one of their big draws. I ended up with chocolate mousse instead which wasn't mousse but pudding, probably super simple silken tofu pudding. It was yummy but had too much starch and I kinda expected them to knock off a dollar or something since I was so disappointed and basically duped about the beignets but no such luck. Oh, I did find the chickpea batter on the southern fried tofu underwhelming and kind of weird. I was expecting like actual southern fried and not just spicy. I don't know if we'll be able to make it back over for more vegan beignets which is a bummer since they're about the only place in the city that does them.Excellent brunch after several days of gluttonous eating and drinking (as one does when visiting a great food city). Plates were sizeable to be filling, but not overly done. Tasteful and tasty!This is a cool vegan spot. I liked the lighting and art. Overall, the decor is hip and inviting.
The menu is pretty expansive and has lots of nice options. We opted for the eggplant poboy, tofu poboy, and artichoke cakes. The artichoke cakes were splendid - really flavorful with great sauce and a nice variety of textures. 
The poboys were a bit underwhelming. While my tofu was fried really nicely, the sandwich itself was pretty bare - it was only adorned with lettuce and tomato, and I felt like I could have easily made something similar at home. Given the steep price, I was hoping for something a bit more creative and filling. It would be great if they spruced up these sandwiches a bit with some homemade pickles or sauce or something like that.
Overall, we enjoyed the place. I would go back, but I'll try something besides the poboy next time.Loved Seed so much we came back a second time during a four day trip.  The nachos, beignets, and the tofu po-boy were especially great.  It was fast service with very friendly and helpful staff.I am not a vegan or a vegetarian or a tree hugger. But, I'm not a carnivore, I do like vegetables, and I'm an adventurous eater. This was my first time at a vegan place.
I truly enjoyed Seed.
The restaurant itself has a very cool vibe. It feels fresh and clean, which I suppose is a great complement to the food they serve. My only complaint about the restaurant is that the blender for the juices and smoothies was loud and audible in the dining room.
Service was very good, and the knowledgeable servers were very willing to help us navigate the menu.
We ordered the nachos, bbq sandwich, veggie spaghetti and mac & cheese.
I was surprised by the nachos, because they tasted just like nachos! I really liked the "cheese," which is made from cashews. The bbq sandwich was fantastic. Great flavor and the texture worked. It came with a pretty good side salad. The veggie spaghetti was a bit disappointing. The texture was good, but it lacked flavor. Maybe it was underdressed, but I would not order that again. The mac & cheese was good but not great. It was very creamy, and maybe too creamy (it could have used something to enhance the texture). The cashew cheese was a bit different in the mac & cheese, and while it was fine, I didn't love it.
If you, like me, are not a vegetarian but want to try something different, definitely give Seed a shot. I'll probably find myself back there at some point.First time home back to NOLA in two years and happy to report the establishment that took over my former favorite place Blue Plate was, is now my favorite VEGAN restaurant. SEED delivers on all fronts. Decor is friendly chic, variety of menu is great, friendly and attentive service. But most of all, the flavor of the food is the star. 
I look forward to my next visit.Food was amazing !!! My sister and I had the tofu chicken nuggets and chili cheese fries. If you're vegan and you miss the taste of chicken or would just like to try something new, I definitely recommend the tofu nuggets!Something is different...since moving out of NOLA 4 years ago we have made it a point to go to this establishment on every visit and have not been disappointed until now.
We were in town with our pup and Seed was our first choice for Sunday brunch. Upon arriving, we saw that there was no longer any outdoor seating.  I am not sure why, it may be due to new management or an attempt to deal with its crowds of patrons. I went inside to ask someone if we could be accommodated outside, but the server I tried to speak to kept talking over me saying I could not bring my dog inside.  I responded that I wasn't asking that, I wanted to know if there was any way we could eat outside. I only took a few minutes of this person's time, but I have never been treated that rudely in this restaurant, I finally just gave up on my attempt to have a conversation and left. 
It is unfortunate when a place that used to respect it's patrons and built its business on doing the right thing, seems to get too big for its britches and treats its supporters like they don't matter.
Unlike a few years ago, there are now many places in New Orleans for vegans to patronize, this encounter left a bad taste in my mouth (no pun intended) and in the future I will think twice before going back to Seed.So so good! Nice space, attentive service, and AMAZING FOOD. The fried tofu was by far some of the best I've had (nuggets + cheez was incredible). I was kind of disappointed by my BBQ sandwich (maybe use a different protein next time?), but overall - great experience for sure. My friends really like the Po Boys!This place was AMAZING!!!!!!!!! I am visiting from Miami with my husnband and we couldnt have been more blown away!. First: we had the chili cheese fries. Um.. so so good. the beans were tasty and were seasoned well. I had the cayenne pepper grilled cheese. It was great. It came with a lightly tossed mixed greens salad. I wish the grilled cheese was a bigger portion but that is only cause I couldn't get enough. My husband had the crispy tofu po boy. ok this alone is the reason you should come to this restaurant. It was beyond delish! I even asked the waiter how did they make it so tasty and made it taste like chicken?!?!? he had no answer lol 
the desert... another win. Chocolate musse, and vegan beneights  ..... no need to finish that sentence. just eat therenext time you are in nNOLA and thank me laterI love hunting out vegan spots when I travel... I ended up here twice in 24 hours. All the food tasted fresh. Highlights included the artichoke cakes, field patty burger, and eggplant Po'boy (although the filling to bread ratio was a little disappointing). Low lights included the raw pad Thai that lacked flavor due to the zucchini noodles leaching water and the mac and cheese. I was ill-informed, thinking it was Daiya free and sadly disappointed. I hate Daiya, the taste and how much processing is required to make fake cheese in that way. Turns out it's mostly cashew cheese and the finish it off with Daiya. I ate a few bites. Informed the waiter of why I didn't like it when he asked if I wanted a box. Also disappointed that he offered no alternative or to have it made over. But he was the bartender and it was his last day, so what did he care. All things said, next time I'm in New Orleans, I'd consider going back.OVERPRICED!! This is an awesome place to go, especially if you're vegan, but the prices are ridiculous. The food was well made and played but very BLANDReally enjoyed the gumbo, and palm artichoke cakes.  The egg nog cheesecake was frozen when it was served, and I would have enjoyed it more if it were thawed.I'm not a vegan, but was trying something new and different to eat.  I ordered the fried tofu with BBQ sauce.  To my surprise, it was very tasty.  The restaurant is clean and the service is really good.Amazing vegetarian/vegan spot.  The place is clean and cool.  They've got juices, smoothies, a full bar, and really great food.  The artichoke cakes are a really delicious starter.  The pad thai was good, but not my favorite.  The gumbo was light but so flavorful was served very (temperature) hot.  The zucchini creole salad was really tasty!  The kale mojito was a little sweet, but strong and yummy.  The service was very friendly!We arrived to New Orleans last night and this city is something special! 
This has gone much better after we had our lunch at Seed - just see the picture and you'll understand!
The place is not in the French quarter, but a quick and cheap Uber ride will get you there.
There is nothing special in the venue but the food is just heavenly, especially the artichoke cakes and the tofu po-boy!
Then for dessert, the beignets - it was a good orgasm!
I want to try other places while I'm here, but I have a feeling well come backSooper food. Always..
Ended up being here after 3 yrs and this place still upholds it's taste and charm.What a treat to find this delicious, Vegan restaurant in the middle of New Orleans! The food was quick, very tasty and the service was great. High recommendation!!As soon as you walk in, you just know the food is going to be good! I ordered the Gumbo, and Artichoke Cakes! Both were AHMAZINGLY tasty, and flavorful! Never have tasted anything like it. My tastebuds were totally satisfied! Great stuff Seed!!! Thank you!I ordered their nachos to go and OMG they were amazing! They were $10 which is high for nachos but god damn were they good and a large enough portion to shareAs a New Yorker who came down for my bachelor party, I was worried about finding vegan food. Not only is this place delicious they are probably the best vegan food I ever tasted. I've tasted a lot of vegan food. Southern style fried tofu nuggets is a must.Gourmet. Amazing. Best seitan my husband has ever had. Best raw pad thai... ever? If you're vegetarian or vegan, you'll absolutely want to come here. It's a safe haven of delicious in the middle of this meat-crazy city.This is a spot you must try whether you're a vegan, vegetarian, or vegan wanna-be like myself. My husband and I are not vegans but we do like to incorporate plant based foods in our diets as much as possible. We both got smoothies and selections from the brunch menu, and we couldn't finish it all. Great flavor and I didn't miss the meat at all. Even the vegan sour cream was yummy. We ordered the breads and spreads as an appetizer and it took a little longer to come than we expected but otherwise the services was great.Cozy, warm atmosphere and good brunch options. Service was fast and friendly. The eggplant po'boy was our favorite dish. They have really good fresh juices and cocktails, too. I'd definitely recommend to anyone looking for fresh and healthy options.It was about a year ago I had the pleasure of spending time in NOLA and traveling around to see many of the sights. While there, I began to look for Vegan or Vegetarian places to enjoy a dinner or lunch. I found Seed not too far from my hotel. 
My first experience was with just one other traveling companion. We walked to the restaurant and found the decor unique and refreshing. Since it was just two people we were taken care of quite quickly and the food we ordered was on par with what I would expect. It was fresh, organic an raw food choices too. Over all, I would say we both had a very nice first experience and impression of Seed.  
Two weeks later my entire Travel Tribe, about 10 people decided, upon my recommendation, to head over to Seed. We all were able to sit at one long table near the front window of the establishment. Once seated we were offered water and given menus. It didn't take long before things started to unravel. We were all there during a weekday lunch, but that should have not slowed too much down. What we discovered was they were short staffed and mismanaged on that day. It took 45 minutes before we were able to get our orders in. The waiter while, quite kind, was overwhelmed and not prepared. His ability to keep up and deliver just kept getting worse, and I am sure the kitchen was responsible for this back up too. 
When the food came out to the table, the dishes didn't come out in proper order, people were missing sides and salads came out wilted and warm and looking less than appealing. Our drink orders were late too, as was the main dishes. Things were scattered and mixed up throughout the entire meal, and service was absolutely horrible. We later found out that they were missing a staff member or two, but all that just confirmed that this place should not be somewhere to go with a large party during a busy time of day. 
Due to the problems that just kept arising from the late meals, cold drinks and deserts were warm or melted and other foods that should have been cool and crisp were wilted and lacked appealing presentation.   
This sad experienced would be the last I had at Seed and When I do return to NOLA, I will avoid going there. The food choices were marginal and ok, but with bad service and marginal food I would say I have to pass on going back. I would not take the time to recommend this place to anyone in the future.I really liked this place and, as a visitor, I enjoyed vegan versions of New Orleans staples. It was definitely worth the visit and I suspect I'll be back next time I'm in town, perhaps to try the weekend brunch.
The standout was the vegan gumbo with spicy seitan--that alone is worth a visit. I also had the southern fried po' boy with a side of mac and cheese. The po' boy was enormous. Overall I enjoyed it, but I also think there is some room to jazz it up a little. The mac and cheese was very good but also very similar to a version I make at home, so I might try a different side next time I'm back. 
The service was very friendly and helpful, but the food does seem to take a while to come out. That's fine by me, but perhaps something to be aware of if you're in a rush.Great gluten free, vegan and raw options.  I've had the nachos, salads, pad thai, veg pasta with tomato sauce...all good.Great food and friendly staff. I go here regularly and have tried quite a few dishes. So far I haven't been disappointed!This place does a great job of providing flavorful, healthy vegan fare. I was impressed with how cheesy the vegan mac n cheese was and how well-seasoned other menu options are. Though Im not vegan, I always enjoy the food here. Service may be slow at times, but I know better to walk in here unless I have time to wait.  It's a bit pricey, but   I also understand that organic, quality food will cost a bit more, so it's money well spent.Great Decision to try this restaurant with friends! I had the Mac N Cheese, and tofu nuggets, and ended with Lemon ice cream. Yum! The food was fresh, the service was great, an overall great dining experience.I wanted to try this place for a while and finally got the chance to check it out. When you walk inside the restaurant you are taken back by the modern clean beauty of the place. I really loved the décor and how they styled it. Big windows bring in loads of natural light. The place felt clean and organized. I loved the little plants around the high banisters of the place - very cool. The place is definitely Instagram worthy...
We were greeted and seated immediately. No reservation and no wait time. It was early Friday afternoon, so not busy at all. The waiter told us a few of her favorites and we ended up ordering the noodle salad ( rice noodle, carrot top, pecan pesto, avocado, mango, tomato, torn herb, crispy quinoa.), CAULIFLOWER KATSU(crispy cauliflower steak, cabbage, katsu sauce, purple yam milk bread- $12, EGGPLANT SHAWARMA(fried eggplant, pickled cabbage, toum, naan
$11)
The noodle salad was refreshing, and the ingredients tasted fresh. The cauliflower katsu was really good. The bread was soft and had good flavor. (The sandwich is HUGE though). The eggplant shawarma was not great. They put this white garlic sauce on top of the naan that is VERY GAAAAARLIC-EY...so if you're on a date, don't order this. I would request them to put it on the side next time. The naan itself was nice. The eggplant is fried and very oily. 
The food overall was OK. I mean it wasn't so amazing that I crave it, but it was good for a vegan restaurant. Although, eating the eggplant didn't taste healthy.
We had cappuccino with almond milk which was ok. The coffee flavor was nice. 
I didn't try dessert because I was just stuffed! But the waitress told us that the carrot cake is amazing. When I go back, I'll definitely try it out. 
I am keen to try their breakfast options and will be back for that. I wouldn't order the eggplant again as it made me a bit queasy, but I think it's because of all the oil and that very overpowering garlic sauce. 
Until next time!Bartender was really rude. We stumbled upon this place while walking. We decided to get togo food and she was frustrated that she had to take our order. "You could've just ordered on the app. Now I have to delay making drinks" she was all around super rude to us. Definitely would not come back.came in with a group of friends (7), food was eh. Food wasnt good enough for me to return. Also, At the end, when it was time to pay... we asked our server to split the bill between us. He then denied and said he could not do that and that it had to be put into one bill. Some of us didnt have change, & some was paying with card so it was very difficult for us to figure out who had to pay what. I have been too numerous restaurants and none of them said that they couldn't split the bills. If was most likely he was just lazy to split it between us. Very unsatisfying customer service.It's so hard to find healthy restaurants in New Orleans since moving here, but this is by far one of my favorite vegetarian places. Everything is delicious.I am totally surprised! This little gem is nestled in a small nook and is full of all natural surprises. You definitely have to do the raw carrot cupcake and the beignetsI tried the pad thai. It tasted good but was very small and not very filling considering the price. Also tried the Sun artichoke cakes appetizer, which was very tasty. Come here if you need vegan food but plan to order a lot because you will be hungry after eating an entree and appetizerBefore heading to New Orleans for a conference last June, I began researching vegan restaurants in the area and ran across Seed. My conference organizers had overpriced, greasy, meaty food that no one around me was enjoying, so I decided to venture out and take advantage of the vegan scene in the city. During the lunch break we were given, I took a Lyft to Seed and was able to indulge in their brunch. It took me some time to decide what to order because they have so many dishes to choose from and I wanted to try a little bit of everything. I ordered grits with sautéed veggies as well as a plate of beignets. Seeing beignets on the menu was such a pleasant surprise because I traveled to NOLA thinking I would not be able to try their signature dessert, but Seed came through..  I was so impressed with the expansive menu that I took their raw pad thai and southern fried nuggets to go. I also returned for lunch the next day because I knew I would be upset with myself had I not gone back to explore more of the menu further  This time around, I ordered the nachos and the artichoke cakes. And oh my goodness! These dishes were so delicious.  My favorite dishes I had would be the nachos, the artichoke cakes, and the beignets. Seed also has gluten-free and raw vegan options, so virtually anyone can eat here!Vegetarian restaurants have never been able to have staying power in New Orleans- too grungy, or too fancy, and always not enough people open to not eating animals. But I hope this one does. We started with three spreads. The raw carrot-ginger purée was so sweet and spicey. My only complaint is that I forgot my left over spoonfuls in the car later and couldn't finish it up that night! I could eat that stuff everyday. Most places hold back on the ginger but not here. The mushroom sweet potato pate was good and the cashew cheese wasn't really cheesy but it was good. My lunch date really dug the BBQ seitan sandwich. I loved the cauliflower sandwich. It was suppose to be a "steak" and would have been easier to eat if it wasn't grilled florets but a plank of the head kinda thing which I picture when you say steak. But it was spiced nicely and cooked to a good texture. I chose the raw onion bread and I am craving that too all the time now. I don't usually like raw "baked goods" because of texture but this was a flat bread and had a great chewiness and good onion flavor. Can't wait to go back. Hopefully the nice, clean decor and the casualness along with the gluten free and raw craze and also the city's more openness to vegan/vegetarian will ensure this place is around a long time.The food was incredible but the staff was less good... 
The food had loads of amazing flavors, tasted very fresh, and I would definitely come back. But the staff wasn't very nice and so if I came back I would try to avoid them...My wife and myself went to New Orleans for a trip  and happen to find this restaurant through yelp. Thanks to good reviews.
We were in for a great surprise. We ordered seed club sandwich and fried tofu, both were extraordinary. We were thinking it might be because we walked a lot on river walk before stepping into this place. So we decided to try again the next day. 
This time we tried one of their brunch special, toasted coconut sandwich, the standard blended juice and some soup with okra. We were blown away by the taste of all the dishes. 
The staffs were very courteous and helpful. I would definitely recommend this place for people who are looking for vegan only options.Let me start by saying I am not a vegan. To start we had the tofu nuggets which were incredible! The bbq dipping sauce was not too sweet and paired perfectly. Then I had the pad Thai. I was not a fan, probably because I don't like cucumbers and they use cucumber noodles. It also has a bit of a kick. It definitely doesn't seem to be much like other pad Thai dishes I've had. It's not as sweet.My first visit was AMAZING. I ordered the vegan nachos to go. I had a hearty amount of cashew cream,  guac, and salsa. Everything was perfect. I had to bring a friend next time.
The second time was great because Brandi was our server. Of course, I stayed with my faithful nachos. This time I had a drink- the pineapple express. Refreshing and strong!
The third time was super weird. I order the fried tofu, and my dining companion ordered the poboy. I chose the garlic aioli for my dipping sauce, and it tasted weird to me, so I asked could I return it and get something else. She said no, but I can buy another sauce. Basically, I'm stuck with a sauce that I hate, and have to purchase another one. Ok... I did. For the record, the agave mustard sauce is great. My SO's poboy was great as well, but he had to order another sauce which was annoying because we spend an additional  $3 for sauce. For dessert, we ordered the cheesecake. It was the worst vegan cheesecake EVER. I've visited many vegan restaurants along the East Coast, and I've NEVER had vegan cheesecake that was nasty. This cake has the consistency of a melted ice cream cake. It was just off; the taste and texture was wrong. In addition, my company's tongue started swelling. Kid you not! The server, who was a sweetheart about the situation, tried to explain the ingredients, but I don't think she articulates them well. We decided to try the beignets instead. I get it; it was late,  but why did we have to get the hardest, overcooked beignets? 
The fourth and final visit was ok. My dining companion ordered the vegan bbq sandwich and vegan chili cheese fries. I went back to my safe bet- nachos. Since I was sitting at the bar,  I ordered a pineapple express, and it was awesome as usual. The bartender was great, and the place was packed. I love the fact many people were eating vegan! Unfortunately,  when I open my box, I had little toppings for my nachos. Nothing like the first two times. I had to use some of my SO's chili and cheese. Ridiculous!
Overall, the food is worth trying,  but SEED is too inconsistent. My first two experiences were solid 5 stars, but if I hadn't had good experience in the beginning, this place would've gotten a 1 or 2. Fortunately, the service has ALWAYS been great. The servers and bartenders are the sweetest. They saved the last two times for me.
I haven't counted out SEED yet, but I'm not so quick to suggest it.So awesome! The beignets were perfect! The first I've had in years. Tastes just like I remember them. I will be back soon...it's worth the 90 min drive there.vegan haven. so so so good and fresh and not heavy. got the seed club (a1 if you love aoli and avo) the eggplant pasta (huge, ideal for two people) the antioxidant juice (v good, veggie taste) and the chocolate chip cookie (SO good) so refreshing.So good we went back the next day! So excited to find quality plant based restaurant in NOLA while on vacation. Atmosphere was great, staff on both days were helpful and quick to get our food as we added more as we ate. Food was superb, but I rarely get the chance to enjoy desserts so I was more excited about those options. We enjoyed the chocolate mousse, beignets and the eggnog cheesecake. A must if you are a vegan looking for good food in NOLA.Nothing short of AMAZING! The food and cocktails were so DELECTABLE! We recently converted to being Vegan and was looking for available options while on the vacation in New Orleans.  
I had the Artichoke Cakes, The Seed Gumbo, The Eggplant Pomodoro and the Vegan Beignets. All was EXCELLENT! My cocktail was The Baudin which was an interesting spin to a whiskey sour. It was so good that my fiancée and I ordered food and had it delivered to our hotel room the next day for lunch. We ordered the same thing minus the Pomodoro and added French Fries lol.  I believe she had a Club Sandwich the first time but got the gumbo the second time. 
We will definitely eat here each time we are in NOLA but would love to discuss franchising options in Houston, Texas.  This restaurant would blow all of the Vegan restaurants off the map. And that's coming from an Executive Chef.How happy was I to know that there was a 100% vegan restaurant not far from my air bnb! I dined in with my sister and brother in law. The space is small so we waited only a few minutes for a table. It was freezing inside but we were luckily sat by the window. We wanted to try as much from the menu as possible bc we are not in NO often. Everything wee ordered was great except the gumbo. It came out colder than I like my food and didn't have the spice I was expecting. It tasted more like ketchup and looked more like chili. The tofu nuggets were ok, seasoned good, I'm not a big fan of tofu. Overall great food the "crab cakes" and beignets were my favorite.Like all my reviews, I base them off of what they are trying to be, not based on what my expectations are. I say this because if you are coming here expecting the food to taste like typical unhealthy versions of New Orleans food, you may be disappointed. In my experience with healthy eating, it takes some adjusting before your taste buds really appreciate the food, if you are new to it.  This place is truly attempting to cook vegan versions of typical New Orleans dishes, and they are doing a better job at it than most places. 
I thought this place did a really good job of preparing the food. The gumbo didn't taste like true gumbo and the chili didn't taste like the chili most are used to, but they were great healthy alternatives. Presentation was great, and the service was quick. 
I really enjoyed the Eggplant Pomodoro. My fiancée got the Roasted Carrot and Avocado Salad. It was really good as well. 
The restaurant is clean and bright. Definitely a good spot for Vegan food.The food is whatever. I had the nacho which had very little toppings. Did I just pay $14 for blue chips. Wth. I also had the eggplant poyboy sandwich which was okay but that bread was tuff and chewy like an old piece of bread. My friend tells me that's the French bread around here. Okay. Also had the vegan gumbo and a small order of the tofu nuggets. This place is average- 2.5 to 3 stars, they don't salt much which I like. The reason for the one star is our server TAMMY was rude and just plain nasty.  I ordered a cup of coffee and asked for a refill and the server said nothing didn't acknowledge so I asked again while she was dropping off our food, Tammy said "I heard you the first time."   WTF What a b*tch. We also asked for some more salsa from this place this place charged us $2.00 for WATERED DOWN SALSA.  Whatever's but shit they shouldn't charge for watery salsa, it's was like 3 spoons of crap.lol. We also asked at the end for separate checks and we got Huge attitude from Tammy.